4	If you're tired of Subway or Quizno's, then try Capriotti's.  The Bobbie definitely get's people's attention by being a Thanksgiving style sandwich but don't shy away from many of their other great sandwiches such as the Grilled Italian.The only bad things I've noticed with this chain of restaurants is take out is the way to go since seating is very limited.  It is also highly recommended to order by phone so you don't have to stand around for 10+ minutes waiting for your sandwich.
4	Nobody makes a better meatball sandwich - at least not anywhere I've ever found.  My GF likes the Bobbie and thay have a bunch of other standard and unusual sandwiches from which to choose.  They're most famous for their cheesesteak sammies, but I'm sticking to the meatball and provolone as their best.Even the small sandwiches are huge and plenty of meat & cheese fill their homemade bread rolls.  They make some of the best sammies anywhere in Vegas.
4	How can these sandwiches be so large and tasty?!  Also, how can I dare to eat more than half of one at a time!   Their Capastrami has put me into a semi-coma as I talk about them here.   It's delicious though, don't let the Ketamine-like coma I'm going into block that out.  The only downside to this place is that it'll take about 6 minutes for your order to be ready when it's an empty restaurant, and even longer when it's busy.  PHONE AHEAD!  If you don't, you'll be waiting.  If you do, yay instant payoff sandwich!    The medium could be 3 meals for a normal soul, 2 for the hungry workman on a swing shift. I'm just going to lie down now in my cubicle and... zzz...
5	If I ever leave Las Vegas Capriotti's will be the only thing I miss.  This is the only Capriotti's I went to that had an actual dine in sit down area.  All the other Capriotti's I've gone to had 2 or 3 tables for their sit down area and that was it.  I think they put coleslaw on all of their sandwiches so I always order w/no slaw since I'm not a fan of it.  My favorite sandwich here is the capastrami.  The sla-be-joe was ok and the bobby is always a good choice.  They have plenty of other sandwiches to choose from but I haven't tried any others because I always get the capastrami.  The prices here are a little more than what you'd expect from a sandwich place but I feel like it's definitely worth it and it's still very reasonable.  A small 9 inch sub is around $7, a medium 12 inch is $9 and a large 20 inch is $13.  Every time you eat here they give you a $3 off coupon for your next visit.  You have to go online and fill out a short questionnaire but it's worth it to get some money off for your next visit.  Other than the coleslaw overload the only thing I don't like about this place is that they close at 8 but they are still deserving of 5 stars despite of that.
5	Probably the best sub shop around. The menu is not too extensive and the choices are just right. I always got the Bobbie, you just gotta love having a turkey dinner on a month that doesn't start with a N. The last trip I tried the Capistrami for a change and was in sub heaven. The only thing that would make it better is  table seating.
5	*Disclaimer - I'm not sure that this was the actual location I went to.  It's either this one or the other one on Sunset.First and foremost, the fact that I'm giving a sandwich shop 5 stars is pretty impressive.  I'm typically not much of a sandwich person.  Often times I find sandwiches to be kind of boring and really, only eat it if I'm trying to find a healthier alternative to fast food.  Well, let me tell you, Capriotti's is not boring and it's probably not much healthier than a fast food joint.  What Capriotti's is, is delicious (how many times can I use "is" in a sentence and still be grammatically correct?).  I checked this place out while I was out in Vegas through the recommendation of a co-worker who swears by the Bobbe.  Basically a Thanksgiving dinner in sandwich form, it comes packed with real chunks of turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/t3AWGr757V4Fvcun6sDsuw?select=K9tLR5HkxU-9tYZ1STmqYw).  Being a huge fan of cranberry sauce on my turkey sandwiches I just had to try it and it definitely didn't disappoint.  The turkey was tasty and not dry, the stuffing was flavorful, and the sandwich had just the perfect amount of cranberry sauce.  It was DELICIOUS!  I also had a chance to try the cheese steak and a roast beef with coleslaw sandwich.  Both were phenomenally good.  I really wish this place were in California.  Please come to California Capriotti's!
5	My favorite sandwich shop out here in Vegas. Can't get enough! What I believe to be an authentic ny style with a high counter and it always feels bustling even if you are the only one there. The staff at this location is very friendly and always greet me by name (tell you that I frequent this deli much? Yeah well I'm not embarrassed I love the subs!) I usually call in my order and no matter what its always ready by the time I get there. (even if it's smack dab in the middle of lunch hour and they are only five mins from my home!)
5	This is by far the Best Capriottis in town. They are always nice, and make the best Sandwich's.  The best people there are the guys at night, before they close, its always worth the drive across town just to go to this one.I'm a vegetarian, and its nice to go to a sandwich shop that not only is there a sandwich I can eat, but I have a selection.  I prefer to get the Vegan Cheese-steak with Coleslaw and Russian dressing, it takes just like a Caprastromi, and was told to me A VP of Capriottis on Twitter 2yrs ago.
5	Capriotti's has excellent sandwiches and quick service! I love their fresh rolls and quality meats. Best sub in town!
5	The quentissential perfect sandwich, mix some old favs (cheesesteak) with a thanksgiving dinner on a roll (the bobby) and you've got great flavors, great service and yum.
4	Not the healthiest choice, but food is great.Only one choice of bread: a soft, white baguetteVeggie turkey sandwich: I've never had vegetarian turkey, but it tasted fairly good. It went well with the condiments and the oil and vinegar. A good, light sandwich.Cheesesteak: We always get this with the mushrooms, all the peppers and yes, lettuce. Being asian, I guess we can't really take the all meat sandwich. Made on the spot, the sandwich is good hot with the the melted cheese and some sriracha, tapatio, and some chips.Others: They sell bags of small, medium, and large-sized chips that I've never seen elsewhere, but are good. Slightly more oily than other chips, but taste fine. They also sell brownies and other sweets.Service: Always greeted, fast service, cheers for beer money when receiving tips, but one negative, the guy in the front had to make a side comment about our "preposterous" order of adding lettuce to our cheesesteak. wutevs. people are entitled to their opinion. It's close, food is great, we still go, and we still tip.
4	I always get the homemade turkey sandwich with peppers.  Peppers are the business!  The peppers make your mouth burns a lil but then again I don't handle spiciness well.
4	The Bobbie, the Italian, even just their regular roast beef and turkey. Just great sandwiches...Since this location was convenient, I walked in to find that it was pretty darn small, two tables for four and just a handful of two-seaters. To be honest, my first impression was that it was pretty run down, being in an older building. Even the loud level when I walked in was close to being bothersome.However, as I saw how efficient the staff was servicing their lunch line coming in, showing their appreciation every time a customer generously left a tip saying "We got beer money, guys!" followed by hootin' and hollering. The line went amazingly fast, orders being completed and rung up in great speed.The sandwiches. Not much to say, except the obvious, they are awesome. We ordered a couple of Bobbies, the Grilled Italian, and a turkey sub with all the fixings for me. To top it off, they carry Becky's Bundt Cakes. That day, the flavors they had were marble, carrot cake, and Chocolate Chocolate Chip. We grabbed two of the chocolates. Equally as yummy!Great sandwiches. Great service. Even though it being very run down, small, and a little loud from the hustle and bustle, this location does an awesome job, that's what matters.
5	I eat here about 2 times a week, I love the cheese steak and the capristromi. The service is amazaing and ALWAYS super friendly!!! Not just at this location but at the one on Rainbow as well. The price seems a bit hit, untill you actually eat there then the price is worth it. Careful on the size you order, the large subs are almost the size of baseball bats :)
2	Went to this location after shopping at mall.Capriotti's is certainly consistent.  And the uniqueness of their Bobbi gets them more interest - however ... We were first introduced to Capriotti's in 1997 at their Buffalo/Cheyenne location.  Been back there onceOver the years they seem to have become more like a McDonalds of Gourmet Sandwich shops .. Dont care for the tip jar nor the comment by cashier when a tip goes in.Husband enjoyed his Italian .. I got a salad - Roast Beef was chewy and tough and I asked for no peppers - they actually put extra instead.Sorry Capriottis - no more than 2 star for us.
4	Fast and fresh but they always get my name wrong!  ...yet as soon as I bite into my sandwich, I instantly forget name issues and just can't stop grubbin'!  Anyway, the staff here are nice and always accommodating.  My fav is the vegetarian turkey and I make sure to get everything on it?  When I'm not in the mood for something traditional, I step my game up and get a vegetarian philly cheesesteak with all the good stuff on it.  The cheesesteak is pretty oily so I don't usually default to this option.  However, when I'm in the mood, the cheesesteak pulls right through and satisfies for sure.Definitely a lunch spot I frequent quite a bit.. always coming back.  Thanks Capriotti's!PS: BEER MONEY GUYS! WHOOOOOO!! -- be sure to tip and they'll be sure to hit you with that jingle.  Cheers!
2	Time I start writing on Yelp as have used it often since moving to Las Vegas last year. Had Capriotti's Italian wich on Paradise/Harmon a few months back and the same today @ E Sunset. The only similarity was the bread. Disappointing and won't be back. Tasted like retirement food may, which is a scary thought for the future. Only saving grace was nice staff though one was sitting @ table eating when we walked in.
5	I eat here at least once a week.  They know me by name and make the Bobbie just how I like it.  I switch it up between the Bobbie, grilled Italian or Ham and Cheese.  You can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches.  Great service, friendly employees, excellent food.
4	Love Caps, and this location is clean and fast. I think people forget it's here, so I've never seen it too crowded.
5	Amazingly good, creative sandwiches and friendly, casual service. The best sandwich shop in Las Vegas! I'm so glad there's one in Henderson near me so I don't have to drive to the Strip! :) Get the Slob Be Jo, it's way unique and yummy.
1	Walked into an empty shop and clearly heard everyone in the back groan. "Oh, great."Then one complained about the type of sandwich he had to make.Thought about walking out but just worked 14 hours and was simply too tired and hungry. I don't have a lot of tolerance immature sarcastic **%@#+/?!!
4	Service was good fast and just like I like it and those who've read me know I like my cheese stakes
2	We ordered a Bobbie and a Turkey sandwich. The place was dirty and the bread was dry and old. The Bobbie is the sandwich I really wanted to try, and it was awful. The inside of it was kinda frosty too. The turkey sandwich had dry bread too. I gave them 2 stars because the boys working there were nice. Maybe this location is different than the rest? I will never go back!
5	Capriotti's is seriously awesome. Not just another sandwich shop, they make killer huge subs that everybody in the Las Vegas valley knows and loves. It's mostly carry-out and we've had our share of rude employees at various locations, but this is almost like going to the Soup Natzi on Seinfeld - who cares if the staff is friendly or not? The food is friggin' awesome and it's carry-out. Grab your sandwich and go!
2	The turkey sandwich tasted great!! The service was nice and prompt. Well priced as well. Why the two stars? My husband and I felt sick to our stomachs after eating it. Didn't throw up but felt like it.
1	I'm extremely sad to give this one star review but I feel like this is one of the only ways to get my voice heard. I love capriotti's and have been a weekly customer for the year I have lived in Las Vegas. Tonight I ordered my usual Chicken Cheese Steak from Capriottis, it's one of the only things I order there, other than the Bobbie. My wife picked it up on her way home, after a long day (we wanted easy dinner). When she got home she savagely ripped into her sandwich excited for the cheesey chicken goodness. She took a bite without looking only to be surprised it was beef. She spit out the bite and put it back on the plate she was eating it on. I volunteered to call and go back to the store for us and replace the sandwich. When I called and explained what happened (this has happened before, no big deal), I was asked to BRING BACK THE WRONG SANDWICH. I have had my order wrong before and this is the first i've heard of this. The town square location literally will deliver the sandwich if they get it wrong. Anyway, I drove back to the store with the sandwich bag and gave the guy working (really nice guy) my sandwich. He opened the bag and looked and said "There is only half a sandwich here..." I remembered that I only brought 1/2 the sandwich back because the other half was still sitting on the table. I said "Ok.. well I thought the purpose was to make sure you in fact made the wrong sandwich- which you obviously did". He then calls Carl Zwick, the "district manager". Carl informs him that I am only to receive half a replacement sandwich because I only brought half my sandwich back. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? I go to this capriotti's a couple times a month, bring all my friends there when they are in town, etc. This is how you treat your customers? Carl Zwick, if you read this- you really need a lesson in customer service. First of all, mistakes should be expected when you are making food- it happens. However, the mistake should be rectified with as little to no hassle for the customer. I already had to drive back to replace it, wasting more of my night. Is half a sandwich worth losing a repeat customer from your location?
5	I have passed them about ten thousand times, just never stopped. Since I was having a lock repaired next door there was no reason not to try them.Glad that I did. Being a first-time customer I was a little over whelmed with the large variety of sandwiches. I asked the cashier and she replied that the most popular was the small Bobby. She described it as a thanksgiving dinner on a sub roll. Sliced real turkey,stuffing, cranberry sauce, etc. Ordered the small 9 inch, could have, should have taken half home. Stuffed  to my gills. Service was fast even at noon. I over heard most of the customers ordering the small Bobby as well. I'll be back.
4	If you don't know Capriotti's, you're missing out!Convenient location. Friendly staff, clean facility.I pretty much always get the Bobbie, extra mayo! Yum!
