5	I had the best chicken wings in this restaurant. Being a person of color, I was a little nervous to step into this restaurant since it was out of nowhere in Arizona and all the cars that were parked outside were Ford pickup trucks. (redneck alert!) But gotta say the host was extremly nice and the food was so awesome. I've never had better fried chicken anywhere else. I got so full half way, but I just couldn't stop eating. It was that good.
5	Been driving by this place for a few years on our way to/from Lost Dutchman State Park and always noticed LOTS of cars ... pickup too...out front.  We took a chance that night and what a surprise.  Great place!  Good ole cowboy bar/restaurant w/dance floor and band.  We had the chicken and it was the best I've ever had.  We paid extra to get another breast but it turned out they were so big that I took it home.  My husand ordered the shrimp & chicken and they gave him an order of chicken & ribs by mistake.  They promptly replaced it ... butwe made a big mistake.  We are not "rib people" but they looked super good and he was sorry he didn't keep the "mistake".  Served with potato wedges, cole slaw & buiscuit!   Shrimp was so/so.   Really good plus the wait staff is very friendly and fast service.  We will definitely go theyre next visit!
1	Can you say noisy and smelly? NOT a good place for kids.  No host, you just walk into the bar and right onto the dance floor before you find the dining area. Among loads of people dressed like cowboys. Dancing and milling and drinking. The dining tables were tucked way in the back. The diners had dazed and vacant looks on their faces. Maybe it was from not eating. Maybe it was the horribly loud music; maybe the surreal atmosphere. The place smelled greasy and it was so loud we went outside to eat. We were hot and lonely; no wait staff to be seen anywhere. So we left and ate somewhere else. This place looks more like a country bar with live music than a place to eat.
2	I stopped by tonight and the chicken is by far what this place is famous for. Definitley try it out. They have a full bar and live music on the weekends. They also do takeout if that's your thing.  The staff and the place seems well maintained and attentive. Prices for the chicken was very reasonable. After 3pm, i think, they start serving baby back ribs.. If you're in the Apache Junction or Gold Canyon area this place is worth checking out. Don't worry about the locals that hang out here, they're just as friendly as anyone. If you own a bike and drive there be careful the lot is full gravel.Pro's:  Music, Patio seating, Prices $$Con: Gravel Lot,  Leave your AMEX home they don't accept it.
1	I enjoy finding good "hole-in- the-walls" and was out in Apache Junction on a Friday  evening a couple of weeks back and needed to find somewhere to eat. Turned to my faithful Yelp, but was let down this time around.  This is just a just a hole. Worst meal that I'v had in a very, very long time. Read a number of favorable reviews and went with the "specialty of the house" -  fried chicken.  Yes, chicken was fried. Can't say much more. On a scale of 1 through 10, I would give them a 1. Chicken smelt a little ripe and they were the smallest chicken pieces I have seen coming out of a restaurant kitchen. This place is a rural bar/saloon at best, and i think that it gets its faithful flowing from the  local folks as there is nothing else close by.
3	Filly's is exactly what it says it is - a country western bar/eating place with CW music and a dance floor.  My husband loves their hot wings and they are what I would order.  I had ordered the friend chicken once and it came too brown so it was dry.  I had a hamburger and it was OK.  Order the hot wings - drink some beer and watch people dance.Every time I have gone, the service has been very good and friendly.
4	Went here with my parents on a Wednesday night. Live music from some dude with a guitar. Super crowded. Had 12 chicken wings for $5. Very meaty, had a good spice to them. My mom had the broiled chicken. Kinda small pieces. I had a bite. They were ok. Not my fav. Good friendly service. Would Come back when in the area
5	Filly's Roadhouse has a singing Idol contest going on Sundays 5-6 pm... It is the best entertainment in town.. with a jam session to follow. I love going there 7 nights a week because there is always Great Food, Good Music and Friendly People to talk to and Dance with... Come out and kick up you heals!  You will see what I mean.
4	After an afternoon of hiking, we stopped by Filly's for a quick bite.  They're parking lot is always full, so we thought it would be worth investigating.  We were right!  The day's special was pulled pork sandwich for less than the cost of a burger.  Both of us got the sandwich, one with sweet potato fries and one with regular fries.  Paid for an extra salad and a couple of drinks.  Although it was a mid week afternoon, the place was busy.  The waitress (who was all by herself) did a fabulous job!  Taking care of customers inside the dining room and outside on the patio ... major kudos for taking such good care of us.  We will be back.  You should give it a try too.
5	This place is awesome!  I love the chicken strip basket. My husband loves the cole slaw here. Yummy!
5	What a great place in an unexpected location. The place was in the middle of nowhere and completely packed. It was nice to see horses tied to the fence, bikers, couples and family's enjoying a wonderful outdoor atmosphere. The food was great, service a little slow, but they seemed understaffed so we didn't mind. Heard they have live music on certain days, so we must check that out soon! Great place...great crowd! Thumbs up!
3	You gotta love a place where your 9 yr old returns from the bathroom after learning a new phrase: If black is beautiful, I just shit a masterpiece". Hey I didn't make it up. Gimmicky pretty much sums up this place.
4	Love the country western feel of this place! The food is always good and always tastes nice and fresh.  The waitresses are very nice.  The other patrons are friendly, and they always have a good band at night!  I've only been in the summer so far (3 times) and can't wait until the weather cools off so we can sit outside.Love when the band "New River" is there! They are so good, and get the whole place dancing!
5	Older venue but great for the Apache Junction feel. Bar food was tast and the wings excellent. Great staff. Live music was fantastic.
4	I took a group of motorcyclists there today for lunch and we all were very pleased.  The chicken strips special was very good and the price was excellent.  We also had the chicken livers, and they were the best I have had.  We sat on the patio, and our server was Sandy.  She was the only one on for the patio, and it was busy out there, and she did a great job!  Looks like it would be a really fun place on the weekends.  Can't wait to go back!  Great place!
4	Been here 2 times for dinner and 1 time for just drinks. Pretty good food service is ok but the employees are very friendly.  It is a great atmosphere with live music and dancing on Friday and Saturday nights we have gone.The broasted chicken is wonderful! Will be back for sure
5	The chicken strips are the best, real chicken not frozen not over battered.  Friendly service.
2	They have great food if you can get service.   Last time I went wewaited 30 min and didn't have any service at all so we left and done 20 min to another restaurant. We just phone order wings and pick them up now
3	Great country western atmosphere. Food is great, especially the wings. Prices are good as well. On busy days parking can be challenging. Only real offensive thing I encountered is that when they are busy, as soon as the last person at the table finishes swallowing their food, the bring out your check, AND ASK YOU TO LEAVE or move outside or to the bar area, which has only a few tables. Not critical if it's just the two of us as we can stand in the herd in the bar, but if you bring people (we had 10), punting us out of our table just meant we went elsewhere for drinks. So keep that in mind.
1	A 2 hour 40 minute wait with over 1 hour between seeing the waitress.   Food reasonable but EXTREMELY LONG WAIT WITH NO EXPLANATION!!!!!! Service and food not worth the wait. Won't be returning.
2	Went back on Sunday afternoon.  Bad move as we were hungry and thirsty. Finally lassoed a server, they informed me it would be 2+hours to get your order. Oh well no wings today. So we ordered a beverage. Half hour later nothing. Went to outside window. Had a lineup halfway to Flagstaff. One person serving Both the outside line and inside servers. Half hour later, had a beverage. This is a good place, with great food, but very poorly managed. All they are interested in is separating you from your money, surely not customer service. With proper management they could make a whole lot of the green.
3	Been here quite a few times, due to the fact, this the only place near by that serves chicken gizzards, my wife absolutely loves them! The food has always been good, and service is usually pretty quick and friendly, especially for a place this busy. The live entertainment is also pretty good. Prices are reasonable. The only bad thing to mention is a lack of professionalism. The most recent time I was there, I witnessed two cooks in each others faces, from the dining room, and had to send my server back to the kitchen to break up a near brawl, also there were at least 3-4 employees drinking alcohol at the establishment, including 1 server , that I'm assuming was on the clock cuz she was in uniform. This person was so intoxicated she could hardly walk, she was also using inappropriate language, about inappropriate subjects in a conversation with paying guests. She was also not to shy to mention that she was driving her self  home, no matter what anyone had to say about it, at least a few times, and I'm editing her language while saying it. I'll come back I'm sure, just hope they clean the place up a bit before I do. At this rate it's a law suit waiting to happen.
1	Our neighborhood group went early one recent Friday afternoon for happy hour. I can't understand why the wait staff is so surly. Must be an awful place to work. We had one drink and our food - if the server had come around more often, we would have had more than just one drink. When the food arrived some orders were cold, and one person in our party did not get her chicken until we were ready to leave. They just brought it out in a to-go box with no explanation. We complained and the server took $2 off their check. When she got the chicken home, it was horrid and she just threw it out. The place gets dirtier and the staff ruder each time we visit. We live here year-round and will not be back.
5	Great little roadhouse.  Good food and bands!  Great wings.  Terrific huge outdoor patio with terrific view of the mountain and great for viewing stars!   And plenty of hitches to tie up your horse.
2	Service was AWFUL! We were there for 2 hours. Chicken was AMAZING :) if it was based on chicken and music I would give it a 5. But the service sucks. No silverware, empty ketchup bottle, dry cornbread, mistake with order, order took AGES to get. I would try it again as my son liked it. Good prices.
4	This was a great place to eat. I really enjoyed the food and would probably want to go back and order everything on the menu! It is a small restaurant and could be tight, especially for a large party 5 or more. They make the tight squeeze a bit easier by offering a coat check right when you walk in. Definitely a good spot for a date or special occasion. I would highly recommend bar B as long as you are 4 or less people. I would imagine lunch and brunch are good as well. Enjoy!
5	Great food!!!  Live music.  I have lived here since 1996 and this is my first time!  Can't believe what I have been missing!!!
2	As you can tell by the latest reviews.   Service quality have gone down prices have gone up.   Someone said they had new owners but I do not know that for sure. Use  to be one of my favorites.
