5	I'm a little biased since I used to work here.  Nonetheless, it's a great nursery.  It's got quality plants, quality service and quality gardening supplies.  The customer service is especially good and the care taken of the plants is outstanding.  The only drawback is the price, but with the quality of everything so good, what else do you expect?
5	This place is wonderful.  My boyfriend used to work there, so it was his first choice when we went to buy plants to spice up our new patio.  We bought some really healthy plants that I can't help but be really proud of!  I've never been a plant person, but I love to gather knowledge about almost anything.  I was so impressed by the knowledge of the staff at Berridge and better yet - their eagerness to share their knowledge with us.  This place gets a huge thumbs up from me!
4	Great selection and helpful staff.  The plants are not inexpensive, but everything is well cared for and very healthy.  Just like Whole Foods, you don't shop here if you are on a budget.  For my needs, Berridge is perfect and one of the only places in the valley to have raw bansi trees and actually someone on staff who knows about their care.
5	This was my favorite Nursery in the area. Sure you can find plants at places like Fry's and Home Depot, but this place Rocks! Beautiful Displays, lots of color choices, a full selection of desert trees and shrubs, vines, perennials, annuals, pottery, cacti, as well as house plants. You can't come here and leave empty handed. It is a well run, leader in the Garden Center Industry.
4	This is a beautiful nursery with a broad selection of plants. I came in mid-January and was surprised at how big the selection of plants was so early in the season. You'd think such a well stocked and esthetically pleasing nursery would be very pricey but I found them to be reasonable. Actually, I found them to be more reasonable than Baker.I am not a rose growing expert but Berridge has the largest selection I have ever seen. Many are the tall potted variety but they also have some growing in trenches that they dig up when you pick yours out.They do not have a huge selection of organic fertilizers or seeds here, which is the only reason why I am giving them less than 5 stars. Unfortunately, I do not live in AZ otherwise I would love to come back and check out the veggies in the spring.
4	This is a wonderful nursery with a good selection of desert plants, roses, shrubs, and delicate plants which need to be grown indoors in AZ. They have some nice specimen plants, priced accordingly to match their rarity. Bill will quote for you the common name, nick name, Latin name, and care instructions for any plant from memory. Friendly without being obsequious, helpful without being pushy.
5	This place is a fantastic nursery.  The people there are always very helpful and knowledgeable.  Berridge Nurseries isn't exactly the cheapest place to get things like soil and fertilizer, but the prices on roses and veggies are competitive and I feel like the overall quality is much better than you could find at a place like Home Depot.It's also just a great place to wander around with the kids.  The extensive selection of roses in particular, is wonderful.
5	Love this place. Great selection of everything and reasonable prices. Everyone is friendly and eager to help and teach you about the plants. Plus they have incredible gifts, planters and home decor items. I wish I had unlimited money because I would go crazy there!
4	this was a nice find. my usual nursery was out of thuricide, a chemical i desperately needed to thwart the skeletonizers ravaging my beautiful grapes. the place is well laid out, but felt a bit over my comfort zone....much like that fancy gym on camelback.....i don't know if their prices overall are more expensive given their location,  but the staff was extremely knowledgeable in helping me find what i needed. i have driven by here and noticed their gates are close at 5pm? isn't that when most regular people get off work and need to shop for stuff?
4	Excellent nursery. Been there twice and always found something wonderful to take home.
4	After searching every nursery we could for 36" rose trees this late in the season we found out that Berridge was one of the only that still had them and they had a lot. When I got to the nursery I really like the layout of the plants.  There are also large trees on the grounds that provide nice shade while you are shopping.  I purchased 5 Hybrid-T 36" Rose Trees that were listed as "Firefighter" as the color.  There were a couple that did not have flowers on them so there was no way of verifying the color.  Berridge offers a 90 day warranty on these plants, so I wasn't too worried. After planting them and a week later, sure enough one of them was white, and not the red that my fiance so dearly wanted.  Now I'm in trouble!  We call Berridge and they told us to bring it back and they would exchange it.  So now I have to dig this rose tree up and haul it back to the nursery.  Not exactly what I want to be doing.  When I got there I realized that I did not bring the receipt which is the policy for returns.  Not a problem though because Bill came out and assisted me and helped me find a different 36" rose tree to replace it.  They did not worry that I did not have the receipt because I had left the tags on the tree.  The staff, especially Bill was knowledgeable and friendly, and was a great help in fixing this situation.  I will definitely return to Berridge and would recommend them to my friends.
5	Absolutely the best nursery in Phoenix. I love the selection they have of all sorts of plants form roses to vegetables. They have all the stuff you can find anywhere; what is impressive is they have a great selection of unusual plants. Their staff is very knowledgeable and will help you when you buy or when you come in and ask questions later. Most of the staff gives off the attitude that they love their jobs, It is so refreshing to talk with people that really want to help and not just go through the motions. Berridge will also guarantee the plants you buy so when one does die on transplanting they will replace it.  If you are buying potting soil they are expensive I usually go to Home Depot or elsewhere for stuff like that. I get my plants seeds and vegetables at this nursery it is my go to place for my hobby,
4	I go to Berridge's to find the things I don't find at Home Depot or Lowe's. They carry interesting varieties that you will not see elsewhere--more colors of bougainvillea, different types of cycads, etc. Probably equally important, I find it easier to get expert advice than at either Whitfill's or Bakers--both good nurseries as well. So there are two good reasons to go to Berridge's. 1. If you are an experienced gardener who is looking for something a little more interesting than you find at Home Depot. 2. Or if you are not especially experienced and need honest advice about what plant to put in the spot you are thinking about.I went in looking for a few plants, each for a different place, and so I had different questions for each one. Normally, nursery guys are good for about one question. Pretty soon after that they lose patience. But the man who helped me stayed focused as I changed from one question to another. And he even suggested how I could improve my irrigation settings.
4	I'd never bring my mother to Berridge Nurseries.  If I did I'd be under a barrage of, "Why can't you be so clean and neat?, Why doesn't your workplace look like this?, Oh Chris! Look at this great selection, I want this pot and that trellis and those flowers, and...."An excellent selection of common landscaping plants, plus a few that are harder to find.  The setting is super neat and clean, the facility very nice. To get five stars there would have to be more selection of the hard to find.  But the hard to find can also sit in the inventory far too long.  A beautiful nursery and yes I took a plant home. Christmas Carol Aloe.  It will fill in the low area in front of the new planter very nicely in about three years with lots of color. Slight care needed.
