5	This company was easy to reach, affordable, provided me deals for carpet cleaning, and was on time and provided quick service as well! It was super easy to schedule an appointment with them, and I was able to make payment in a convenient manner. I definitely recommend using them! And I'll be using their service again in the future.
4	First of All I would say this is my 1st time using Yelp and I am very pleased with my first Yelp Choice "Mr Clean Carpet Care". I was debating of I should get my carpet clean so I started reading through Yelp reviews and came across Mr Clean Carpet Care. I called and schedule same day service. I am very pleased with the service I received, the time they arrived, and the customer service was excellent. I know the stain isn't completely out but it is way better than before especially the wear and tear the house were renting. Definitely going to schedule another service for my other 2 rooms which they also threw in a discount. I would recommend to others
5	I must say I was a little skeptical about using this company because they had no reviews-- but boy am I glad I did!Called and spoke with the owner. He was very professional and quoted a very fair price. Currently they have a yelp deal which helps a lot too! The owner was very good about keeping me informed (and showing up on time for his service window which is rare these days). 2 guys ended up coming out. I was getting the carpets in my apartment cleaned at the end of my lease (a requirement) and they performed carpet miracles (they do exist)!  They got right to work and I appreciated that they used plastic guards to protect the door frames from the cleaning hoses. I could tell they really take pride in what they do. My mom and I were busy cleaning up the place for move out while they were doing their thing and he took the time to explain each step of the process and even got to see some of the magic in action. Both of the workers used booties to keep the carpet clean and even provided some for us to wear as we wrapped up loose ends. :)I have a rental property and I will definitely use them again. I've recommended them to like 7 coworkers and friends already. Affordable. Professional. Great work. And no pushy sales tactics or bait and switch stuff like I've experienced with other places. Five stars all the way. Thanks guys!
5	Just done with the Carpet cleaning and I'm sure to recommend them to my friends. They did great work and carpet looks as good as new with very friendly workers, to add to that they offer the service at great price. Thanks to the owner Shanti, great job guys!!
5	I was glad that I went with Mr Clean Carpet. They have amazing service and were very flexible with my schedule and were able to get up to my multi stories apartment. My carpet looks like new now!!Thanks Shaun!!
5	Professional, courteous, affordable, punctual and through. Highly recommend this company. No gimmicks, no extra charges. Just honest and a good job all in all with no surprises.
4	They are very nice, on time and quality work. I would recommend them, and use them again
5	After having "hit and miss" results with various carpet clearners ~ we decided to look on Yelp for a quality company.  We chose Mr. Clean Carpet Care based upon the reviews we read.  We were exteremely happy with the entire process.  They were on time and brought our carpets back to life as no other company has been able to do.  We live in an area with a great deal of dirt and dust which quickly collects in our carpeting.  They were able to get out the warn in dirt throughout our house including our stairs.  I will highly recommend Mr. Clean Carpet Care to all our friends.  Friendly staff ~ incredible results ~ great price.  We will certainly use them again.  Thanks Shaun ~
5	Mr Clean Carpet Care was amazing!I called Mr Clean Carpet Care yesterday to find out how soon I could get my carpet cleaned and was pleasantly surprised when they said the same day!  They were just down the road from me and finishing up their last job for the day and said they would just swing by once they were done.  Talk about quick service!The guys that did the cleaning were friendly and considerate and very professional.  They called as they were on their way, which I appreciate.They did a terrific job with my carpets and were very reasonably priced.  I am definitely going to be using Mr Clean Carpet Care again.  Thank you for such a great job!
5	Great job with the carpet very impressed with these guys. I would use them again and recommend them to anyone. Many thanks!!!
5	Very professional and speedy service. Shanti (owner) gave us a lot of discounts. I will do business with them again.
5	Our previous carpet cleaning service pulled a "no call, no show" so I immediately called Mr Clean Carpet Cleaning and they were available for immediate cleaning. Ultimately, I was unable to book due to complications with the apartment. But I was grateful for the help and accommodation.
5	Great work, great company and great prices!
5	Wow, just had this company over after not cleaning my carpet for a LONG time!  Professional, courteous, and extremely quality work, absolutely would recommend this place to any one or any business that's looking for a terrific job at a fantastic price, five stars all the way!
4	Had multiple stains in my living room and master bedroom. Due to the last minute urgency, they fit me into one of their days that was really busy and although they showed up later than their original scheduled time, they gave me a discount and did an excellent job on my carpet. Definitely will use them again.
5	I spoke with Shawn on the phone about cleaning my apartment's two bedrooms.  I clean my carpets every year and have received some poor cleanings in the past.   I decided to call these guys and was thoroughly impressed by their professionalism and timeliness.  They were accommodating and worked around my schedule.  Aaron showed up on time and did a fantastic job.  They use only high quality materials which made my carpets cleaner then they have in years.  I am going to be a customer in the future with them.
5	These guys will give you "above and beyond" service! We had a carpet that definitely needed extra care because I'm always rolling over the dirt in my wheelchair. I honestly did not expect some of the areas to come out as good as they got them.  They did a great job. I wish I had a before/after pic to post because some areas were amazing. Also, they deserve extra credit for communication.  They had a bad day where one of their trucks broke down and were going to be a bit late. We know things happen and just appreciated being kept in the loop. But they stepped up and gave us a big discount for the inconvenience without being asked to. The carpet looks great, I am happy with their service mentality and will definitely use them again! - S. Haasis - Tempe, AZ
5	I called Shaun at Mr. Clean Carpet Care on a Thursday after my cat had an accident in the closet on our fairly new carpet.  He sent out a truck the next morning (Friday) at 8am to accommodate my schedule.  Michael, the technician, arrived on time and was very friendly.  (He was also really good with my little dog that was very curious and probably getting in his way!)  In an hour, he had set up and cleaned the carpet in the closet, the hallway around the closet, and our nursery and literally removed every single spot.  He let me know when he was done and was packed up and out the door with a smile.  I will be using Mr. Clean Carpet Care again in the near future as we are remodeling and I'm planning to clean all of the light beige carpets in our home.  Shaun followed up with me right after the appointment to make sure I was happy with the experience.  Thanks guys for doing such a great job in a short time period and for providing such outstanding, friendly customer service!  Yelp once again provided me with a great business connection.
5	So happy with my experience with Mr. Clean. I spoke with Sean who was very helpful in scheduling and explaining everything time over the phone you could tell he really cared about good customer service. He was also nice about calling to remind us about the appointment and to make sure we were happy about the work afterwards. Our carpets look amazing we had a ton of stains both from dirt/shoes/etc (black stains) and discoloration from our dogs peeing on the carpet and you can't tell at all now! Amazing price that was much less than other places I had called and the guys who came were also really friendly with us and our dogs so overall we had a really good experience I highly recommend them! We will definitely call Mr. Clean again in the future.
5	I used Mr Clean Carpet Care and they did an amazing job. They removed several dog stains and everything came up looking fresh and new. I can also say the pricing was great, they were more than competitive against other options. But the owner actually service my carpet and gave me a discount that I didn't even ask for or know was available. All in all it was 10 out of 10.
5	Mr. Clean is also "Mr. Customer Service":   My tenants arranged for Mr. Clean to steam clean several areas of my house.   A friendly representative with a great sense of humor, Michael, came out to do the work.  He worked one average size room for over 20 minutes.  Thus, he brought this neglected and heavily soiled carpet back to its near new life.  However, upon further inspection a few days later, one dirty stubborn area remained.  Now I'm not one to make a fuss about something like this, but this time I couldn't help myself because I decided to put the property up for sale and I wanted this room to look its best.I called Shawn, the owner, and explained my regrets in calling.  And without hesitation--and in a super friendly manner--he offered to send Michael back out first thing the next day.   When Michael re-showed up, he was understanding of my situation and up for the task.Many thanks for the great customer service.  And if you're reading this, call Mr. Clean Carpet Care.  I think you'll experience the same outstanding customer service I did.
5	I did quite a bit of research. I didn't want to go cheap or get a ton of upselling. Shawn answered the phone and gave me an exact quote. They gave me an exact time they would arrive instead of a few hour window which was great. The tech showed up right on time and did a great job! There were a couple of big stains that they got out and didn't ask for a penny more than the quote. Fast, friendly, professional and affordable!!!
3	I used this company a few weeks ago because of a yelp deal. They were able to schedule us the same day and were very polite, but technician seemed to be in a hurry cleaning our rug. It was cleaner, but not as clean as we had hoped for the price paid. Overall, great customer service, but not the quality we were hoping for.
5	The owner followed up with me after reading my previous review and offered to have another technician come out for the same job. We accepted and have to say there's a world of difference! Technician was extremely thorough and friendly! The rug looks amazing! Shawn really cares about his customers and ensures exceptional customer service and satisfaction. We will definitely use this company in the future!
5	My property management company has used Mr. Clean Carpet Care on many of our homes. They are professional, prompt in response time, and their service is great. Shanti is also a pleasure to deal with. We will definitely use them again.
