3	Yay, open down the street from home! This place, in my point of view, is like a man's pic-n-save. Not everything is quality, but it sure is affordable. Don't get me wrong, they have great items. Lots of tools and things you don't see in stores. I'm a chick, and it's not all that thrilling. I'd rather be in Target. I can see the attraction for the men folk, so I'm glad we have it. lol.
4	So Harbor Freight doesn't have everything like a huge department hardware store has, but what is does have is at better prices than all the rest. We needed some basic things like tiny neednose, small flat wire cutters, sandpaper, etc for doing a project and for doing some of our vaping builds. We do the mechanical mod route of vaping which requires a little bit of building with wick and wire to vape on. We got everything for half the price here than what I see at other stores.. I just bought some sand paper from Home Depot for $6 a few days ago, it was $3.99 here for a bigger pack here to give you a comparison. Wire cutters were $2 versus $6 for a different pair elsewhere I was looking at. I don't know how long it'll last quality wise, but it's good enough just to cut a little piece of wire for me.I don't always need tools and we're not a handy man type household so I probably won't be here often, but if I do need a tool it's on the shortlist of places to buy from.
5	Awesome! I love this place. Prices are great and everyone is friendly. Definitely a regular shopping place.
4	This place is to guys like Bath and Body Works is to gals. I could have spent all day in here just browsing around and left feeling I had accomplished something. Lots of variety and great prices on most of it. I just recently rented some items from a local storage/truck rental establishment and found I could have purchased the same items at Harbor Freight for what I paid in rental fees. I picked up a three ball trailer hitch for less than $20 that normally runs upwards of $60. Check out their website prior to arrival for great deals and coupons. The staff were all knowledgable and helpful. Defintely my new first stop when looking for tools and accessories. If Harbor Freight carries it, odds are the price is going to be one of the best in town.
1	Place sucks they refused to take back a jack stand that I  bought from them because I didn't have a receipt. Spoke to the manager and was told the same thing. So I went to the one on Decatur and they took it back. I guess I won't be shopping at the rainbow location anymore!!!
4	I ordered a Commercial Power Drain Machine online.  When it arrived it had a defective wheel installed on it.  After waiting about an hour on the phone to the main customer service 800 number and reaching no one, I decided to drive to the Rainbow Drive location in Las Vegas.  After initially being told that I would have to bring the whole machine back in just to get another wheel, the manager Catherine was very kind and worked with me to find another wheel.  She was very polite and worked through the issue to find the item I needed.  Very pleasant visit with this local store.
3	This Harbor Freight is the best of all of them. right around the corner from my house however it also it's much cleaner than her friends and the people that work there don't look like the kind of scum that shops there
