5	Thank goodness. A clean, bright space with fresh and fabulous breakfast options, great service, no rush. Pay attention LGO... A run for your money in your 'hood. Thanks JC; perfect service. We'll definitely be back.
5	Best eggs benedict! I went here half heartedly and was expecting something similar to Taylor's which was good but not great. So I was really surprised when everything about this experience was great! I went with two friends and hands down we said this place was perfect.
4	Had the Lox omelette, super delish! Very fresh and hot. No side came with, would have been nice to have a little cup of fruit or something. Illy coffee was excellent, our server gave us to-go cups which rocked. I would certainly go back and try more on their menu.
3	I enjoyed this location as Taylor's previously, and the new concept and look for The Daily Bistro is a definite upgrade, The food is always very good and the prices are reasonable, good service , nice atmosphere. My only knock is the coffee, $3.50 for a cup of coffee is not acceptable. So if you go for the great food, pass on the coffee.
2	When this restaurant was Taylor's, I considered it the BEST Eggs Benedict in the area.  Once they changed to Daily Bistro I thought I would try it again.  The view is fantastic but the food is lacking.  The orange juice tastes like it came from a carton where before it was pulpy and tasted fresh squeezed.  The Eggs Benedict now only comes on Canadian Bacon where previousy the Black Forest Ham made the dish stand out.  I spoke to the manager and she said I could request that in the future - so i will try it again.  The spinach lettuce which originally was used as a garnishment on the plate was now placed "within" the eggs benedict, which made me have to remove it and lose some of the hollandise sauce.  Not a a good first impression for Daily Bistro.  But yet the view is fantastic and with some requests when I place my order, I hope to redo my review and give it  3-4 stars.
4	I'm surprised this place doesn't have more reviews. Trying to get a table every weekend morning is like trying to get your hands on that $2.00 LCD TV on Black Friday unless you want to fry on the patio.No matter what you order, you can definitely split it between two people. Even if you order some 'egg white only and a bunch of other things to keep my skinny ass thin' type meal, the add-ons like bagel/toast, potatoes, etc. are there to make sure you don't leave  without having to massively scoot yourself back from the table to avoid your now tadpole-like filled stomach from injuring anything on your way out. When it gets busy, the servers tend to disappear from time to time, but at 10 am in the morning while I nurse myself from whatever happened Friday night, the less talking the better. Also, food and drinks sometimes take a while, definitely short-handed. Poor workers are running around like it's the Kentucky Derby. Sometimes it's a hassle just to find a host who will seat you because they're running around too.The best bang for your buck by far is the steak and eggs. Huge omelette-shaped hash brown, warm bagel with cream cheese, scrambled eggs covering half the plate, and a massive flattened tender sirloin all for 11 bucks. Did I mention 2 for 1 Bloody Mary's on Sunday? Place has become such a favorite that I brought about 15 other friends and they all loved it just as much as their wallets did. To those who knew this as Taylor's Place and complain about how it used to be the best, yada yada yada, who cares. It's gone, so you might as well shut up and eat up at Daily Bistro or go to your local IHOP because it's here to stay.
5	We went for lunch Saturday afternoon and has a great meal. I was very happy with the selection of Ice Tea and got the blackberry green tea. It was very refreshing. For lunch I had the chicken sandwich with aioli, mozzarella and prosciutto. It was delicious. The mozzarella was amazing. I choose the sweet potato fries for my side and they were hands down the best sweet potato fries I have had anywhere! The server was fantastic. The manager came by to check on how everything was. Service was fast and food was really good. I was more impressed than I thought I would be! I am not much of a breakfast person and they had plenty of things on the menu to make me want to come back again and again for more!
4	My new favorite salad is Daily Bistro's Strawberry Chicken Salad. I came here the first time for a yelp event as my daughter's plus one. We had so many yummy things. Now I want to go all the time! They have great sweet potato fries, home fries, and the buffalo chicken wrap is very good as well. I really like the atmosphere and the service was perfect. The manager went around to all the tables and checked on everyone and our server was very sweet. Great brunch restaurant since I am usually not a breakfast/morning person!
4	After attending a Yelp Event here, decided to come back and have brunch with my friends. I could eat breakfast food at any time of the day, love it!! I went with the mediterranean egg white omelette complete with feta cheese and artichoke hearts. Served with a choice of hash browns or bistro potatoes, I love the bistro potatoes!! The french challah toast is also outstanding plus you can build your own breakfast burrito if you like. Open for breakfast, brunch and lunch.
2	False advertising makes me angry.Looking for a brunch spot on a Saturday morning we chose Daily Bistro mostly because on the website they advertise bottomless mimosas. I then looked on Yelp and people mentioned BOGO mimosas, which would have been OK too.We arrived and were seated right away, the decor is chic and clean and the hostess seated us away from a huge table of screaming kids (I loved that).I had my heart set on some fresh squeezed (also advertised on their website) OJ and a little bubbly. I told the server to sign me up for their bottomless deal and she just stared at me. They DO NOT have bottomless mimosas or even BOGO for that matter, $6 each is their "special price". I ordered one that was a good ratio of bubbly to orange juice concentrate. Quite annoying. Ugh...So on to the food. It took quite a while to come out, but when it did...it was hot!I ordered the burrito and my dining companion had the Benny. I really like the flavors of the burrito, it even had re-fried beans in it which I actually liked. I had hashbrowns as my side and they were literally swimming in a pool of grease, I had to send them back for the much better breakfast potatoes. So all in all the food is good. Service was OK, and the cocktail situation stinks.
4	Daily bistro is a cute place for brunch. My friends and I usually hit this hidden gem up from time to time over the weekends. I usually get one of the burritos, the Mexican one is my favorite. Each visit is usually nice and the food is great. However on my last visit I chose a different plate because it sounded interesting, it was ____ special. I don't remember the name and I wasn't very fond of it. It came with hash browns and they too were cold. I am usually not one to complain and I ate everything but still wasn't full haha... I still do like Daily Bistro though and I will continue going. Could have just been the rainy weather or something :)
2	I really really really hate to do this, especially when I went here with the breakfast club.....but it really was disappointing (ahhh I'm sorry!...just must be honest). We went last weekend and we did have a large party and the place was busy so I will give them that. The coffee was great, it was strong and tasty. I ended up ordering the 'poached eggs' or what most people know as a bene and the BF got the pancakes. My bene had overdone eggs...the yolks weren't runny at all....you cut into them and they just stayed where they are...wah wah. The whole thing was just ok, but nothing I would go back for. I didn't even finish it (which is unheard of for me with benes...). I had it with bacon, and the bacon was alright, but not as crunchy as I like. The BF thought his pancakes were heavy and lacking in flavor. Aaaanyway, we did have a great time here, but the food just didn't live up to my expectations and the price was high considering it wasn't that good (we ended up paying about 35$ after tip and all.....yikes!).
4	The Daily Bistro was the place picked for September's Breakfast Club UYE, and I for one was looking forward to going back to them!  I love the feel of the place, it's opened and inviting!I did indulge a bit, and ordered myself a Bellini, and I have to say that was a pretty sweet breakfast drink, it was also followed with coffee as well. For breakfast I ordered eggs benedict with prosciutto and country potatoes, I am an Irish girl and I love love love me some potatoes! The eggs benedict where perfect! It was just what I have been craving! Only downside, which really isn't a downside is that I could have used a tab bit more hollandaise sauce, but only because I absolutely love that stuff!! Service was great, food was excellent and the company was prefect! If you haven't tried Daley Bistro, what are you waiting for! Go give them a try!
4	Pleasantly surprised! I live nearby and have been wanting to try this place for a while. The inside atmosphere is nice, but seems a little...confused. It felt as though they had renovated but held onto old chairs, booths, etc. Other than that, though, everything was great. Our server was friendly and made a useful recommendation, which I always appreciate. I had the poached eggs with prosciutto (a.k.a. Eggs Benedict) and a girlfriend had a make-your-own omelet. Both meals were delicious! I'll definitely go back.
3	Not the bestest breakfast, but pretty good.  It is a bit expensive for breakfast ($10 for 2 pancakes with fruit?)  I sent the coffee back as I could not bring myself to drink it ... Now, this is either because it was old coffee or because I had just come back from 10 days in Hawaii drinking 100% Kona coffee.  Not sure, but I wanted nothing to do with it. The pancakes were good, but nothing special and I wished I had the french toast instead as it would have had more flavor.  The boyfriend had the steak and eggs which came with potatoes and a bagel; all of which he enjoyed.  Not sure I'd go back for breakfast, but maybe lunch as that menu looked good.  Service was prompt and the place was tidy and quiet for a mid-Tuesday morning breakfast.
1	Worst service ever.  Used to come all the time and can see why no one comes anymore.  40 minute wait for food to be served.  Ridiculous.
3	This is a great place for breakfast!  If you're in the mood for a decadently lazy morning/afternoon brunch, perfect-O!The food is divine. Monica O. set up a charming UYE waaay back when. I'm just now getting around to writing my review. My palate, however, has not forgotten the delight of my poached eggs.I say "mine" as there was no sharing. I devoured my meal. Every last bite. No guilt! Why isn't prosciutto served with e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g? Oh, that's right. Because I'd be huge! The coffee packed a punch and queued me up for my mimosa. Yep, I had a mimosa. The problem with serving coffee that is so good, is that you fill up fast. I couldn't drink any more mimosa! Oh No's! Just one for me.
2	So what happened here?  It kept the same menu Taylor's, previous  name,  had but thankfully replaced chipped service-ware and outdoor seating (much better!).  I had breakfast on Mon of oatmeal that was served with very nice fruit, I really liked it..  But oddly no one was there.  Wed I went back and had simple scrambled eggs and hash-browns.  It looked great, tasted like cheep griddle grease, a bit fishy even, yuck! The very sweet server said and did all the right things.  So, I asked, what happened, this place used to just boom with business in the AM. Again she was very professional  but added that they have new management. Humm, the place has even lost its fun vibe..  Guess that is also  the new management too.  Would I go back...not sure. Perhaps they will see this post and fix what was once one of my favs for breakfast.
5	We will definitely be back here! We were nervous to try a new place for a late weekend breakfast but so glad we did. The restaurant decor was adorable inside but it was so nice today we sat on the patio and enjoyed the view of Camelback. (And couldn't help people watching poor parking jobs in the neighboring AJ's lot) The food was great! I loved the make your own eggs Benedict with spinach, or as they call it on the menu, poached eggs. My husband loves crepes and loved theirs! He couldn't decide sweet or savory and the Daily Bistro was very happy to accommodate his special order so he could try both. I have worked both sides, the front and back of the house in the industry and I believe they are equally important. The food was awesome here but the service will put them on top of our minds the next weekend when I don't  want to cook. Fast and friendly service but most importantly they handled a mistake gracefully. My husband ordered his Bloody Mary not spicy. The first one he got was so hot my tongue burned for a min after having just a sip. We apologized that neither of us could bare drinking this if we could just get a beer instead. The owner (we believe, very nice and dressed in normal clothes, had already stopped by our table once before) brought the beer we requested but also had remade the Bloody Mary, perfectly,  on the house. It was so refreshing to have a peaceful brunch with great service, and great food. I couldn't help but think of the last horrible dining experience we had (Salt Cellar) and think SEE. THIS IS HOW YOU DO IT. I read previous reviews about promised bottomless mimosas on their website which is under construction at the moment so looks like they are fixing that so I say if you are in the area give this place a chance.
3	Stopped here for a bite to eat after a grueling early morning workout across the street at Orange Theory.  We sat outside which boasts a great view of Camelback!  It was a nice departure from the normal brunch view in Philly.Food was pretty standard breakfast fare and the coffee wasn't my favorite, but the service was absolutely wonderful.  I didn't catch the name of our server but she was so pleasant, even at the early hour and was very attentive even though we were the only patio diners.  Probably won't be back for the food but it's a solid location, worth a stop in if you are in the area.
3	I've eaten here a couple of times and have never been unsatisfied with their food. Unfortunately,  it seems like they changed their menus and took a few things off. The service was slower and didn't seem as welcoming as it has been in the past. Will try again in a few months and see if today was just a bad day or if it really has gone down in service and selection. Very affordable though.
