4	This was an affordable and generally good slice of YUM in a sea of high priced restaurants dotting the Las Vegas strip.  We were staying at the Stratosphere and had a very enjoyable breakfast buffet experience here.  Their breakfast buffet was on from 7am to Noon and highly affordable (with a beverage added after tax it came to about $12).  My favorite part was the French toast sticks, but the scrambled eggs were near perfection as well.  There was a vast array of melons and other fruits and lots of different kinds of donuts.  The only things that I didn't like about the spread: the bananas all looked a day or so past their optimal prime and the first time we went, the Cream of Wheat was watery and generally kinda gross.  The second time though it was nice and thick, but you could still tell it had been made with water and not milk (which is how I make it at home and prefer it).Overall I give the place 4 stars because the staff was incredibly friendly, it was well priced in comparison to everything else in Las Vegas, and it filled us up and lasted until dinner time without needing to stop our sightseeing for a lunch break.
3	After walking to the very north end of the strip at around 4:00a, we decided that it was time for a late dinner/early breakfast.  The only place open inside was Lucky's Cafe, but surprisingly, the prices weren't too bad.  So even though I was about half asleep (as shown in my profile picture), I managed to devour the T-bone, eggs, and hash browns.  I must admit that when you're starving at 4:00a, just about anything tastes delicious, but the prices here weren't too bad either for a complete breakfast.  So...probably not worth the 2-mile walk (or cab ride) to the stratosphere just to dine here.  You're better off staying near the middle of the strip, where you have better choices for food, even at 4:00a.
3	It was in the Stratosphere - where I was staying. It was 5am. We were hungry.  Granted, I only got coffee and fruit, but the service was great and the server was very nice and accomodating, especially since we kept messing with her, in a good way of course.If there's nowhere else to go, why not.
5	This is my favorite place for prime rib dinner in las vegas. The prime rib here are the best you can get anywhere in the world, especially given the price you pay, $9.99 after midnight, $10.99 5-8pm. The portion is always generous. The meat is always juicy. And, best of all, if you ask for rare, they give it to you rare!
4	I was very pleased overall. They had a great 24-hour menu that had dinner entrees like prime rib and breakfast. The prices were quite reasonable since you're away from the center of the strip. (I once paid like $20 for spaghetti and meatballs at Caesar's cafe). Here things were like $8. Fast, efficient service, and great portions and fine quality. Very happy with it at 3 a.m.
2	It was fine.  Nothing fancy.  The buffet breakfast was nothing to be excited about, but then again I'm not a breakfast person and I am a waste of a buffet.
2	Lunch time service is virtually non existant, which is quite annoying when u just drove 10 hours, tired, and hungry.  The only reason i didnt give them a 1 star is cuz the food is decent.
3	I ate here for breakfast last week during a visit to Las Vegas. The breakfast was reasonably priced (for a location on the Strip) and the service was fast and attentive. I loved their pancakes and the location is convenient if you are inside of the Stratosphere.
3	My girlfriends and I ate here for breakfast 3 out of 4 mornings, and once for lunch.  Our reasons for going back so often?1.  PRICE:  Since we splurged for dinner every night, the cheap prices here were great.  As others mentioned, the 24-hour breakfast special was awesome: $5.99 for ham steak, 2 eggs, hashbrowns, and toast.  The lunch special available from 11am-6pm was a 1/2 sandwich with soup or salad for $6.99.  They also had $3 mimosas!! 2.  FOOD:  Overall, the food was pretty good.  Not spectacular, but good for what you pay.  The hashbrowns were crispy on the outside and delicious...I also loved their sourdough toast.  My over-medium eggs came out overcooked on two separate days, however, they were quick and gracious to bring new perfectly cooked ones.3.  SERVICE:  We had great service pretty much every time.  Waters on the table almost immediately, and the food came out promptly.  The manager was there every time we went and was very friendly.  He helped his servers with refilling drinks, busing tables, running food... basically whatever needed to be done.  The lady who ran the register at the front was very gracious about ringing up our separate checks every time...with a smile on her face!4.  LOCATION:  I'm not going to lie... a huge factor for us eating here was that it was in the Stratosphere, where we were staying.  We did venture to IHOP one morning, only to realize it was more expensive, crowded, and not as good... a mistake we only made once.I definitely recommend this place for anyone staying in the Stratosphere Hotel, mainly because of the convenience factor and the prices.  However, being just an 'okay' place, it's definitely not worth a special trip.
3	I ordered the California omelette and was pretty satisfied. It came with hash browns and toast and I honestly could say the toast was really good (I'm not a toast person) Maybe they drenched it with butter? Whatever it was, they were good, We also got their mimosas, too. I would come back here if I am staying at Stratosphere. I wouldn't say I would drive a cab to get here. It's just one of those quick decent restaurants to go when you're hungry.
4	My parents came into town in late June and were staying at the Strat with the rest of their group.  We decided to eat at Lucky's one night, as it was past 11pm and they didn't want to hop back in the car and go back out anywhere.  My mom and I ordered the late night special (ham steak, eggs, hash browns and toast) and my dad had the patty melt.  We thoroughly enjoyed our food.  My mom couldn't finish her plate and decided to doggie bag it for the next morning's cup o' joe.  Dad finished his off and so did I.  The server (Sharon or Sheryl - hey, it was a late night) was wonderful, attentive, helped out with her suggestions and even got me grenadine for my soda (cherry coke anyone?).  Overall, we were very happy.All that, and we paid around a little short of $25.  The restaurant was packed, but we were in and out in less than an hour.  All in all, good eats....for being at the Strat.
4	I expect most eateries in Vegas to be open 24-hours, so imagine my disappointment and confusion when my friend and I were walking around at 11pm and running into one closed joint after another.What???  Have things changed since I last visited Vegas?!  Or were we just lucky last time and managed to find only open places?Anyway, Lucky's gets an initial star for simply being 24 hours.  That is a MUST in Vegas because, quite frankly, we discard all rules relating to eating, sleeping, pretty much anything when in that town.We came here twice this past weekend, once around 11pm and another night at around 3am.  Here are some awesome points:+ 24 hours FTW! + Good prices for GIANT portions+ Pretty good variety of food, from sandwiches, fried foods, breakfast items, your standard diner fare+ Decently tasty!  I got a turkey avocado sandwich at one point, with some really tasty fries.  And tried my friend's chicken tenders which were also good, and came in a HUGE portion.  Some of my other friends got chicken and waffles, and they were raving about it, so I assume it was probably really good.I'm overall just really impressed with the amount of food they give you for the price.  It's a pretty good deal.That and the 24-hour thing is what seals the deal.  The fact that it's in the Stratosphere might be a deterrent, but if you're staying here anyway (which we were), then it's a decent choice.
4	Ok, I am not sure why people put down the Stratosphere, yea...yea the casino action kind of sucks....but don't go there to gamble, go there for Lucky's and Fat Tuesday's....But let's get back to Lucky's....we were here with a couple that had never been to the Strat, so we decided to go before having dinner, my honey and I decided to play some penny slot to kill time, and LO and BEHOLD...I saw a sign advertising steak and crab legs for 9.99, well, most people (NOT ME) would be scared off by that, but hell it was a hard night, I lost some moola and was looking for some cheap (but good) grub....I am after all a foodie...haha, only if you count greasy spoons. Anyways, back to Lucky's the dinner was really good, the steak was juicy, the crab legs meaty, tender and were already cut in half for you....shoot people, what more do you want, what more do you need.....Oh, but wait there's a catch, you can only order that between 7p-10p or 6-10, I forgot, but I do know it ends at 10p. Try to catch it, if you are cheap like me. A damn good, dinner, though, damn!
4	This place is the bomb! The steak & crab legs special for $9.99 was out of this world. You can't beat the price and the food was delicious, I could eat it 3 times a day, everyday. Also, try the chicken & waffles... it's even BETTER than the steak & crab legs. The belgian waffles were a little crunchy on the outside and super duper soft on the inside. The fried chicken was moist & juicy, the skin was crunchy goodness...mmmmmmmm I can't wait to go back to Vegas! Lucky's Cafe is a great place to relax and have some good comfort food, it was a very nice surprise considering that The Stratosphere itself was a real disappointment.
1	STAY AWAY!!! The food was AWFUL, and the service was weird. allow me to elaborate.food- i got the california omelet with an english muffin. english muffin literally burned to a crisp, omelet OVERFLOWING with spinach that was most likely previously frozen. BF got chicken and waffles. chicken so greasy you could strap them to your feet and use them like ice skates on the tile floor, waffles crunchy like a potato chip. Service- wheres the fire? waiters and waitresses literally RUNNING around everywhere except to their tables. at one point a salty old broad threw down the silverware she was holding and shouted the f word and ran to the back. other waiters and waitresses snapping at one another, super awkward. we eventually had to demand our check and ran out as quickly as possible. be warned, the room service food comes from the same place. ew.
3	We decided to eat here during our vacation in Vegas. We saw a lot of promotion for a half pound of crab with an 8 oz. crab for $9.99! We couldn't pass up this deal so, we decided to go check it out. We didn't realize the fine print that says we had to be a VIP member to get the exclusive discount. The food came out pretty good. The crab legs were served a little weird. Usually, you would have to open the crab legs yourself, but they are served in halves so the dirty work is already done for you. Which was pretty nice.The 8 oz. steak sounded a lot larger than it appeared. It looked like a tiny little steak that was served with some crab with mashed potatoes and 3 pieces of asparagus. They could of have been a little more clear about the prices. Plus, there were no restrooms within the cafe. I had to walk across the casino floor to take care of business.
4	As of 02/23/2010, Lucky's Cafe closed down about 2 weeks ago. They are opening up a steak house in it's place... too bad, I really liked Lucky's. It was a chill little restaurant with good service and good food.
