3	This place is typical Filipino market with some hot food in the back.  This establishment was cleaner and nicer compared to other Filipino markets.  The pancit bihon is excellent - the best I've had in Vegas.I also tried pork bbq and chicken adobo and they were both good.  It's a little pricey but I will definitely be going back.
4	Prices are a little higher than usual, but not too bad. Nice to have somewhere close by to run to when I need mochiko or other random Asian things. Their $7.99 buffet looks pretty good - decent spread including lechon. Sign says ala carte is 50% off after 6:30pm.  Boba was pricey about $5 and since someone else mentioned theirs was all powder, ill pass on that. But I want to try their prepared food in the near future.
1	Way way way overpriced!!! They are One of the few Filipino stores in the area so they take advantage of that and overcharge. They also have a 50 cents fee when you use a credit card and the ugly lady up front gave us an attitude about it when we asked about it. Their boba is all powder but they price it as if it's made with fresh fruit. Their avocado shakes have no flavor at all it's literally light green crushed ice. Their food looks like it was from the previous day. And most of the time it's really salty. Lastly that lady needs to fix her face if she wants to keep working with the public...
1	horrible!!! i went in there to buy a lunch and i have to say that i've never been to a place so horrible like "kababayan" first of all, there was this guy sitting behind a little counter at the entrance that does not greet people walking in the store, then there was this guy stacking bags of rice who of course don't say a thing.i went straight to the back to check out some food that they have and was ready to order while my wife went around the store grabbing a few stuff she wanted to buy. i stood behind the register waiting for somebody to take my order for a good 5 minutes. then i started shouting at the guy inside the kitchen for some help, 10 minutes later..nothing! i yelled 'somebody here' and still nothing. i was there for 15 minutes looking..asking..shouting like a madman for nothing. i wouldn't come back here ever again. i wouldn't recommend this place to anybody!!
