5	This is the mega Omer, the mother Omer, the Berri Omer located on the same corner where the original Omer Deserres existed in 1908 back when it was a hardware store. Dedicated to supplying artists, advertising agencies, local art schools and DIY crafters since 1950 and with branches across Canada you can find fairly much everything you might need to get creative in this creativity complex. In my experience, it's great to chat with the staff here about what you're working on or looking for. The organization is a bit complex because they have so much stuff, so it's helpful to have one of the wise young art students leading you around, plus: adorable. The vibe in here is clean, bright and modern, not at all the inspiring sense of dripping with history and the labours of love as you find in true old school places like Pearl Paint in NYC, but it gets the job done in style. Some items suffer from the usual Montreal markup, but they make up for it by having in-house brands for things like sketchbooks that are really cheap.
5	i found this place on yelp, looking for things to do in montreal.  i went there as soon as i arrived, and was very happy the store was so big.  i checked out the whole place, but didn't really absorb everything i saw.  i had been hoping for a good screenprinting section, and ended up getting big jars of screenprinting ink, screens, lino and canvas...all marked 50% off, and all legitimately less than they would cost elsewhere except online.there was also a little bookbinding section. i got some pretty glass jars of acrylic paint, just because i couldn't resist, but i did not seriously scrutinize the oil, acrylic, paintbrush, paper, or pottery sections, because my bill was like 400. by then, and i couldn't carry any more anyway.  i did notice that some things i would have bought, such as large-size lino, screen filler fluid, foam printblock rollers, and other-size screens, seemed to be out of stock.  but there was a ton of other stuff, and i also got some really nice big framed wooden panels for painting on.downstairs there was crafty stuff.i'm not sure i loved montreal.  i went to the fine art museum, which i didn't like very much.  it seemed to be laid out oddly, i suppose because of the climate.  there was construction going on absolutely everywhere in the city.  but this store was genuinely great.
