5	Recently went in to buy some suits for all the guys in the family for a special occasion.  Seemed like a no-brainer with all the help they offer there.  Men's Wearhouse is a one-stop shop.  Find the suit. Easy. All price ranges.  They help you accessorize.  Everyone looks like a million bucks.Sales are good too.  They also offer dressy casual clothes.  Great jeans and fun button-down shirts.
5	Good location, just north of the quarter. Adam, the assistant manager, was very friendly and very helpful. He made some really good suggestions, the tailor was professional and quick. I will definitely be back.
5	just like the men's wearhouse i visited in San Fran, only better...  I needed to get a few suits for my new job.  the staff at this particular men's wearhouse was the most friendly and knowledgable staff I've ever had to deal with.  They were absolutely great and that store has now become my exclusive outfitter of clothes for all occasions.  I am not an easy size to find i am 6'7 320 pounds and the fact that they were able to take care of me in every way possible was amazing.  I also bought some stuff at one price and then got an email for a sale that made the things i bought even cheaper, they exchanged my stuff no questions asked so I ended up paying the cheaper price.  they tailored all my clothes and a few things didnt fit just right so they took care of it a second time for free. I just cannot say enough about how amazing this store was and how amazing the staff was as long as I live in the phoenix area I hope to have a long standing relationship with this store...
5	There's a reason this place is featured as the best place to rent a tuxedo for a wedding! More to come later as the process continues but all I can say is that the Men's Wearhouse knows what they are doing!
1	Poor service they told me the wrong date to come in.
4	It was our Son's Junior Prom this year and he wanted to rent a tux.  I remember my first tux rental many moons ago....and how awkward that experience was.  Well, that wasn't the case here.  The girl who helped us was only a couple of years older than him and knew a few people that attended his high school....so he immediately felt comfortable talking to her and listening to her advice on what to pick.She asked him questions about color, style, etc.....he looked at her like a deer in the headlights....it was hilarious.  Of course he didn't want to go with my selections because I'm the old guy who's choice of style is "outdated"....what?!  Whatever, I don't understand the kids nowadays and their sense of style...so I was happy to have the young girl employee assist us.  I stepped back and let them do their thing.She showed him the options and helped him pick it....my role was to pay the bill.  After it was all said and done, the total damage was $181, which included the tuxedo, shirt, vest, tie, cufflinks, and shoes.  It's too bad Kiddo is not the same size as me, otherwise I would've bought a tuxedo instead of paying that much to rent one....and he'll probably outgrow it for his Senior Prom, so I paid the rental price instead.The day we went to the store, there were at least a dozen other kids waiting in line behind us to get fitted for tuxedo rentals...we picked the wrong time to go but lucked out and came just after they opened, so we beat the rush by a few minutes.  They didn't rush us though and thanks to the great service of that girl, he was happy and had a good time at his first prom....memories that will last forever.Return Factor - 95%
5	A previous store messed up entering the date of the event and they rushed to the rescue. Quality service and patient staff. Even helped my friend get his pants updated when it was found too small right before the wedding. Great job, guys! You not only reversed a bad situation, but doubled down on the quality and service of the Men's Warehouse chain.
1	Horrible experience for my daughter's wedding. Most of the tuxes fit horribly after they were supposedly altered. My husband's sleeves were way too short and the female clerk was very rude. What's the problem she asked? My sons had to take their tuxes back twice also. They had to run down and pick them up the day of the wedding. My husband's STILL did not fit and 2 people could have fit in his shirt. He ended up having to wear his own shirt and jacket which did not match the rest of the guys. Very disappointing experience.
1	Epic failure! I needed two pairs of pants and they were running a BOGO sale. Score, or so I thought. They had one pair in stock and promised the other pair a few days later. I went to pick up the first pair and they were hemmed as promised. A salesman handed them to me to try on and walked me to a dressing room. They fit fine but then he got busy helping somebody else (they work on commission) and I was promptly blown off. I rounded up another salesmen who bagged up my purchase and double checked that my pants were in fact ordered. He told me that they would be there on Monday and not to worry. I got busy and called on Wednesday to find out that my pants were still not there. They promised that they would have the pants tomorrow morning but I'm not holding my breath. Half priced shouldn't be half service. I hate posting negative reviews but this type of customer service is becoming the norm. It turns George Zimmer into a liar and he didn't even sell me the pants.
5	After leaving Jos. A Banks across the parking lot where there were no coats in my size (54), I met with Stewart who happily showed me a nice selection in my size and with buy 1 get 1 free, they are tailoring both now.  Good job and great service.
