5	I love the concept of Harold Studio - its a jewelry studio that folks can pay to use by the hour or monthly.  It would be perfect for BFA or MFA students just out of school who need a place to do their jewelry work.  The fee you pay gives you access to all the tools and equipment in the studio.  There are several benches in the studio and a few soldering stations as well as lots of hand tools and other large equipment.  I've been doing the monthly key rental now for almost 2 months and I'm really loving it.  I got my BFA in jewelry/metalsmithing long ago and far away.  Buying all the tools and equipment necessary, not to mention having a studio space to set everything up is a big financial commitment that I can't make right now.  Harold Studio is the perfect solution to my problem.  The rental rates are very reasonable and the studio provides a space to work as well as an opportunity to get to know other artists/crafters in the area.   They also have jewelry making classes.  Johanna, the owner, is fabulous.  She's very knowledgeable, willing to answer questions and super helpful.  She is also always looking for ways to make improvements to the studio and she adds new tools and equipment all the time.
5	I absolutely love Harold Studio!  I have been going to the studio for the past year.  I had some knowledge of metal smithing when I took the Jewelry 1 and Jewelry 2 classes there.  I have learned so much from Johanna (the owner).  The concept of the studio is wonderful.  You can take more intensive classes or a quick make and take class.  You can also rent studio space by the hour or by the month.  I have been a monthly key renter for the last 10 months or so and I love the ability to go in and use the equipment there.  Not only have I learned a lot from Johanna but also from the other artists that spend time there.  Spending time in the studio and around the other artists inspires me.  Whether you are a beginning jewelry student or an experienced jeweler, Harold Studios has something for you.
5	A great studio for anyone from novice to advanced jewelry designers. Johanna is a very knowledgable owner who knows her business, so do not hesitate to take one of her classes. You might want to consider becoming a monthly key renter and save yourself the hassle of having to buy all of your own equipment.
5	Now where is that six star button? Honestly, a couple months ago my husband and I spent an entire day with the owner, Johanna, literally designing, molding, and creating each other's wedding bands from scratch. Yes, you heard me right. We MADE each other's wedding bands. Three words: Best. Date. Ever.We chose to make ours in sterling silver (I'm allergic to gold), but you can also make gold rings as well. In a matter of 5 hours, we turned a couple beads of silver into two gorgeous wedding bands. Johanna was amazing, and walked us through every step. She made herself totally available for the whole day and was so helpful and patient. We knew nothing about the process, and not only did she show us what to do, but she explained why we did it that way. My husband made me a small, delicate braided band, and I made him a very masculine band with comfort grip and a matte finish. Both turned out flawless and stunning, thanks to all of the support from the owner. There are also options to set stones in the rings, but for now we're sticking with the beautifully simple bands that our friends and family are always oohing and aahhing at. Plus, who else can say that they literally made their significant other's ring with their bare hands?Harold Studio also offers classes, which I am dying to try! Some of the jewelry they make out there is amazing. They are even making dog tags this season! So creative!All around a great date, a learning process, and excellent products that we will cherish for the rest of our lives!
5	Pros: I agree with all the other reviewers. Johanna is amazingly sweet and incredibly warm/welcoming. I took the dog tag making class. Messing up my piece halfway was pretty frustrating, but Johanna helped me start over again. Throughout my class she was calm and helpful. I will definitely be back.  Cons: I drove by this place twice before I actually found it.
5	Men, is it time to pop the question and give your future wife a ring that will drive her friends insane with envy? Women, has the question been popped but you've been presented with a ring from Jared or Costco or some other place where a million other brides will have the exact same design on their finger? Well look no further than a wedding ring workshop at Harold Studio. How could you possibly give your future spouse a more awesome, meaningful, and unique ring than one you literally made from nothing with your bare hands? Short answer, you can't.    My wife and I spent a few hours with the owner, Johanna, melting, bending, pounding, learning, and laughing, and at the end we had wedding rings that people simply don't believe we made for each other. Literally no one in history EVER has the same ring as either of us. Just let how cool that is sink in for a minute. I'm as far from a creative or crafty person as they come, but Johanna is such a great, calm, and caring teacher that it all fell into place and I popped out a sweet ring for my love.    Seriously, call the studio, set aside an afternoon, bring a bottle of wine (I don't really know if you can, but it's worth a shot), and design and produce a statement of love for each other that will never be produced again. It's mind-boggling just how cool this is.
5	We did their "Girls' Night" Deal Chicken deal and it was a great time.  It was just the three of us plus our instructor so it was a very intimate setting.  Our instructor was very patient with us and helped us redo things when needed.  There are certain "processes" that seem like magic to me and jewelry is one of them.  It was neat to learn how it all goes together.  I am not really a handy person and I had no problem following the directions.  Like others have mentioned, it is a bit difficult to find.  The studio is actually in the back of the building is there's some new age/energy healing something or other facing the street.  Great place - I'd love to come back here for another ladies' outing.
5	Harold's studio, with Johanna and Michelle, is FABULOUS.  Classes are well thought out and presented clearly.  I have taken Jewelry I and II as well as a workshop in filigree work. Another class they offer is for couples who want to make their own rings!   Johanna and Michelle have infinite patience and are always positive.  People are so friendly . . . like family.  Lots of sharing and such a positive, warm atmosphere.  I cannot say enough nice things about the place.  Try it!
