1	Figure I'd give Supercuts a shot since Giant Eagle sells their gift cards so it is great for fuelperks.  I don't remember her name but she is one of the "bigger" woman there.  I wanted to grow out my hair longer but it was looking messy.  So I asked her for a trim to get the sides/back cleaned up.  She said ok and off she goes.  5 minutes later, we were done.   Yes, just like a bad date, we were done in 5 minutes.I got home, showered, and saw the damage.  It was messy.  What's worst is every day it grows, it looked even worst.I'll just stick to my usual barber.
3	Nothing spectacular, but I go there regularly, and generally get a cut that works fine for at least a couple of months.  They did a good job after I had a botched cut overseas (hairdressers in Japan are, understandably, not necessarily qualified to work on non-Asian hair, as they don't cut a lot of it). Parking can be tough, depending on time of day--there's a shared private lot, but it's small.
1	I wish I could return a haircut.Unfortunately Kelly, Melissa, and Jen were not there so I settled for whoever was free at the time. Worst trim of my life:she cut off over an inch more than just the dead/split endsshe did not cut the hair how I described initiallyshe did not change the cut to how I repeated during the cut when I noticed she was cutting it straight across instead of curving it in the back, which does NOT mix well with my curly hairafter retelling her how I wanted it cut, she compared this tragedy to deaths of family/friends and how I should get over itthe beautiful long layers I had and wanted again are now choppy, medium layersmy left side is even choppier than the right side of my hairI fear straightening my hair to make this unevenness less evidentI regret tipping her because I understand how the service industry works because my minimum tip of 20% for all service people is undeserved for her lack of work.I want everyone to know how the only good hair stylists there are Kelly (who moved to Philly), Melissa and Jen. If they are not available, do NOT risk going.Also, the Supercuts Oakland location is horrible at waxing eyebrows unless you are lucky to get the only woman of color there.While it was a $20 cut (after the 20% tip), I know had to buy biotin to grow my hair faster so it is more expensive to me in the end. I hope this proves helpful to all perspective customers!
3	i'm not sure why this place has bad reviews. its par for thecourse for supercuts. standard cut 16.95 is a bit pricy but they always do exactly what I say. i've simple hair so it works well for me. employees are generally nice, sometimes like talking to me sometimes talk just to each other, worth three stars for sure.
1	Terrible! I got a haircut here once and hated it, but kept waiting for it to settle in after a few washes. It never did look right, so I just fixed it at home rather than going back to these incompetent people. I didn't even feel like the hassle of complaining was worth it, as I highly doubted that I'd get any money refunded and I certainly didn't want them to touch my hair again to try to fix it. I then figured, hey, this place sucks for haircuts but they can't mess up eyebrow waxing, right? Right! But their service is so bad that I gave up on that too -- I got my eyebrows done here a few times with not much trouble, but the last time I went in, I had called ahead to put my name in and was told that I would be next on the list, and to show up in about 20 min. My house is a 20 min walk from there, perfect! I headed out, got there in 20 min, and gave the woman at the desk my name and reminded her I'd called ahead. There was one man sitting there waiting, who I had seen from across the street walking in about 1 min ahead of me. The "stylist" was just finishing up a haircut, so I should have been next, right, since I had put my name in before the guy who walked in? Nope! She called him over and I said "sorry, I think I was next, I called ahead and was told I'd be next in line" and the lady said "oh we don't do that." WTF?? You told me very clearly that you do exactly that, what craziness is this? So I waited, figuring that I'd already invested 20 min into this venture, so I may as well stick it out. And waited, and waited, while one "stylist" cut the man's hair and 2 of them chatted in the back (ironically next to the chair where they do facial waxing). They must have been "on break," or maybe just terribly rude and idiotic, because I sat there waiting for another full 20 min, and when I finally spoke up again to ask when someone would be available to do my eyebrows. The 2 chatty cathies in the back looked over, very annoyed at my presence, and the woman doing the haircut said "after I'm done here," and I sat there incredulous for another 2 minutes before getting up and leaving. Will never go back.
3	Went here with a friend for his haircut. It's been a long time since I've been to a barber shop or haircut salon/store, but from what I remember this place seems completely average. The hair stylists seem nice enough and competent. The wait was a few minutes- I actually expected the wait to be longer because we came in on a Saturday. If I ever need a haircut (which I haven't gotten in maybe 5 years!), I wouldn't have a problem stopping in here- but I tend to enjoy my long shaggy mop.....
1	I went there today! The cut was terrible! I have an awful experience. They lady that cut my hair was nice but she wanted to leave early so she made a disaster in my head!
