5	I have mood-swing hair. Some days it is perfect and does exactly what I want...not so much on other days.  Having struggled with finding a style that is right for a 40 year old business woman and busy mom - Rick at the Edge Salon nailed it the first try.  His understanding of my hair, the right products to make the style I wanted come to life and his attention to details make all the difference.  From the instant I walked into the door their staff made me feel a rock star.  Now  I look amazing and feel like a new woman.  I now have the confidence I wanted with my customers and the easy that I need as a mom, yet still sassy enough to get my husbands attention!
5	I just got home from my makeup trial with Michelle. She did such a wonderful job. I am totally reassured that I made the right choice of salon for my wedding day!
5	Chenda is the greatest! She did my hair and makeup for my wedding and they both turned out fantastic! She even moved locations with me that day from the hotel to the venue in the middle of hair/makeup. I had my hair colored at the salon prior to the big day which was also great. Makeup trial was good too, worked with what I wanted and tweeted a few things here and there! I can't say enough good things about the entire staff. Randy, up front, so polite and courteous, works with you to find what works best. I would give them 6 stars if I could!
5	Updated: Got married last Friday 4/4. My experience with Michelle for makeup and Becca for hair was wonderful. They were both very professional but still made the morning fun and relaxing. They are very good at what they do and I'm so happy that I chose The Edge for my wedding day!
5	I went in today for a cut, color and highlights. Rick is an absolute GENIUS. This guy really knows his stuff. Fast, friendly, efficient and what a sense of humor. Seriously though... I walked in an absolute haggard mess, and this guy made me fit for human company in no time at all. What set him above most of the stylists I've encountered was his helpful nature. He basically "mapped" my face so that the cut he gave me accentuated the positives and drew the eye away from the negatives. He matched the color to my skin tone and now the first thing you see is my big brown eyes and awesome hair. He gave me tips on product and how to maintain my new "do." He is worth every penny I paid and more. I'll be going back for sure. He knows the products that he recommends very well and doesn't try to empty your wallet by sending you home with stuff you don't need. He told me I'd be fine with two products and told me to evaluate what he used today before purchasing. LOVE HIM. I'm happy that I took the plunge and trusted him. You should NEVER tell an artist how to work his craft.
5	Brianne does a fabulous job with my blonde hair! She always consults me to make sure she knows exactly what I want and suggests her own professional advice when needed. I have been so pleased with her service for the past two years that I won't trust anyone else with my hair!
5	My absolute favorite salon!!  I discovered The Edge Salon three years ago and will never go anywhere else.  I have very curly hair which can be difficult at times to manage.  Having just moved from PA, I was unsure of where to go. Randy set me up with an appointment with Becca. I cannot thank him enough. Becca takes the time to go over what her suggestions are for your hair type. She is incredibly thorough which I appreciate so much. Luckily, we have the same hair type so she was able to suggest products that have done wonders for my hair. I trust her opinion completely because she has never given me a reason not to trust her.  I also love her outgoing personality and honesty.  My hair has never felt more amazing or looked so gorgeous. I absolutely love my visits to The Edge Salon!
5	First and foremost I would like to say that this is an unbiased, non paid, non relative review. I have used the services of several salons. From the small hole on the wall to the big Dolce, Rolf's even a John Frieda's in New York. From the moment that you step on the door my best hair salon experience began. The front desk client concierge Randy is the utmost professional and courteous salon manager that I have encountered in my life. His client focus approach from the time he sets your appointment to the client greeting process is truly a reminder to all salons out there that it is not just your stylist what matters. The whole salon experience should be important. My hair stylist is Rick one of the owners. I have no words to express how many life saving and glamorous hair moments I have had thanks to him. I am a busy and successful professional. My hair and appearance are extremely important to me. His product knowledge is superb and very detailed. He will exactly tell you what your hair needs depending on the results that you want to achieve. I am confident and  comfortable that Rick can create any look I want, and when it comes to color he will exactly give you what you are asking for. Rick is a very knowledgable, professional and has great advice to give. He will tell you exactly what's going on with your hair, and he won't shy to advice you to obtain your desired results. He is just amazing. I have gone to Rick for the last few years since he had his previous location in Gilbert. His staff is just super nice, and everyone is a true professional. The fact that he is one of the top trainers in the Country for KMS (awesome product by the way) he has his staff totally top notch trained. Rick has gone above and beyond the stylist call of duty. He has been available as a mobile stylist for my TV news shooting and was super accommodating. He has also saved my daughter with amazing prom styles, make up and looks with the assistant of his amazing senior stylists. Everyone is amazing at The Edge. I  recommend Chenda and Lauren . Thank you, Rick for making me look amazing every time.
5	Found this salon when looking for a new stylist. Had a consult with Chenda and subsequent appt - she is awesome!!! But even better is the receptionist, Randy. He is not only a handsome, very well put together guy, he is solo friendly and made me feel right at home. I am really enjoying going to this trendy salon and being made to feel heard and welcomed!
5	"New in Town" "Don't Know Where to Go", THIS IS THE PLACE. BRIANNE did a phenomenal hair cut & color.  I am an Outside Liquor Sales Representative where my look is important in my industry.  Randy spoke in depth before my appointment to what I was looking to do with my hair and had informed Brianne ahead before my appointment.  I felt so comfortable and trusted this Hair Salon and let them do their thing. Mind you, I am very picky about anyone cutting my hair.  My hair texture had changed since moving from California to Arizona and I had no idea what was happening with my hair.  Looking for a change mixing it up with my color and cut. Brianne's style and professionalism is exactly what I was looking for.  She had given several options and really taking the time and concern on my hair was very important.          NOT YOUR EVERYDAY SALON "EXCELLENT CUSTOMER CARE & SERVICE".  Randy & Brianne you have a lifetime customer.
5	2nd visit to salon only reinforced my original review- AWESOME! Randy, looking handsome as ever- remembered me & greeted me by name,  Chenda worked her magic & result was even better-  a BEST salon around hands down!!!
5	If you want a great color update and fabulous cut, then call Samantha at The Edge.  Right around the corner from Barnes & Noble and easy parking makes this Salon easy to find and get to.  But the skill level of Samantha is superb.....she took my sun-bleached dried out mess of hair and turned it into a soft, long bob type cut that shines, moves perfectly and has the exact colors I asked for.  She made recommendations that I would not have thought of and I turned my hair over to her talents.  Will come back again and again whenever I am in town.Highly recommend her for top notch skills, excellent customer service and fabulous sense of design!!!!!!
5	I first went to this salon for a brow tint and had my hair done by Chenda about a year ago. Both experiences were great. I needed to get my hair done again and Chenda wasn't available so Randy (who is awesome) booked me in with Allison. She was amazing. I am hypercritical when it comes to my hair cuts and she did a cut and color for me that I couldn't complain about a single thing. I'd been through the process several times but Allison was so helpful and explained things all the way through from how the color works and how and why she was cutting my hair the way she did. Awesome experience! Thanks Allison!
5	Brooke was my stylist. She nailed my ombre color! Everyone was super friendly and helpful. They also got me in the day after I called. So happy wuth my service. Also, my scalp massage was AMAZING. Definitely a permanent client to this place
5	When I moved here from California, I was nervous about finding a new salon. I Yelped salons and found The Edge . After a year and a half, I don't know why anyone would go elsewhere. I plan to grow old beautifully with Rick! The reviews are all correct in talking about Randy and his awesomeness, as well. If you are looking for a new place, you really need to check it out!Nancy S.
5	I have no words to express the appreciation that I have for this salon. Rick and his team of stylists are just awesome and knowledgable team of professionals working together. Every month I see how the stylists help each other to meet every single client's needs. I love my hair every time regardless of what I get done. Rick was super sweet today and did an awesome Up Do that got me lots of compliments. My color is super vibrant and top quality as always. Thank you, Rick and your team for always going above and beyond. I love you all. Go to The Edge Salon. Trust me, you will be glad that you did. This is a place where you truly feel that more than your hair matter.
5	Recent visit to my current salon left my hair dark mousy brown when I had asked for "bronde" (brunette + blonde). After reading positive reviews of The Edge on Yelp spoke with Randy to set up a consult appointment with Rick. When I met Rick I asked if he was familiar with the term "bronde", no but he pulled out his smart phone and googled it. It is another term for "sun kissed blonde", brunette base with bright blonde highlights on top. We then proceeded to his station to review and discuss the options to achieve this look considering my hair's current condition. After a thorough discussion with me and his colleague, Brianna, he had a plan to correct my color debacle. After 3 hours and many foils the result was amazing. My dark mousy brown base was lifted to a warm brunette and the highlights were a lovely combination of bright and soft blonde. In addition the condition of my hair was excellent considering this transformation occurred 10 days from my original color appointment. Highly recommend Rick at The Edge salon.
5	Prior to my visit here, I was either traveling to Tempe to see my old stylist or taking my chances (I gambled and lost) at super cuts. To keep the story short and sweet, my hair was a catastrophe. Do you remember dissecting owl pellets in elementary school? Do you also remember finding out they were just gross nests of mysterious, dryer-lint-esque fuzz, broken hair, and random objects? That was my hair. I just can't quit you, hair color. Since my hair had recently been black, platinum, red, and a vaguely purple color that isn't up for discussion, it was really damaged. I needed a cut and a corrective color session, stat.I brought in a picture of some victoria's secret model with "bronde" (blondish brown) hair that looked soft and shiny and just angelic to the point of serious hair envy. Brooke asked me what I liked about it, gave me a straight answer as to the state of my hair, and came up with a plan.A couple hours and some fun, girly conversation later, my owl pellet hair transformed into the soft, shiny, gorgeous "brondeness" that I wanted. Oh, and it smelled like coconuts and sunshine. Yes please. Needless to say, I'm very very happy and will be returning! Brooke, you're my "hair goddess guru"!! lol.
5	I was in town for a wedding and they got me right in on a Sunday. Brooke made my hair look amazing for the wedding pictures. So glad I found them.
1	I did my research online because I am very particular about my hair stylist, and after reading reviews on Yelp, Google, and Facebook, I chose to have my haircut at The Edge by the owner, Rick, who alleges 15+ years of experience. I figured having the owner cut my hair would leave me with a fresh, perfect cut, but my mistake was assuming that the owner of the salon knew what he was doing. Rick was polite, of course, but his hair technique (where he used texturizing scissors on the crown of my fine long hair after I repeatedly told him not to) left my layers incredibly uneven on one side. Whenever I straightened my hair, the right side had uneven pieces that were cut straight across, like an upside-down bar graph. Halfway through my haircut, Rick had another appointment and asked another stylist to finish blowdrying and styling my hair. For him, it meant less work and more paying clients; for me, it meant having to tip for a single hair service twice. I wasn't going to leave the salon without tipping the poor hairstylist who was miserably blowdrying my hair. I recently went to Hair Do salon and had the most fantastic experience. My wonderful hairstylist was shocked to see how uneven my hair had grown out in just three months and how heavy he had left the bottom. The results of a haphazard, hurried haircut. The Edge Salon might have some other great stylists, but the owner is not one of them. First and last time I visit this place.
5	I just read one of the last reviews by some Maria A. I am a little confused and wonder if this client may have even incorrectly reviewed the wrong salon. The stylist that she seems to describe is entirely the opposite of what my stylist has been for years. I have been a loyal client to the Edge Salon. I have seen Rick the owner for the last 4 years he has to my knowledge and per his website 8 to almost 9 years of experience. Rick is one of the most humble and not bragging type of individuals I know. For someone to claim that he brags of 15 years of experience sounds to me almost as a competition review. I am a Latino woman with very thin hair and I used to have my prior stylist in CA use texturizers shears on me. Rick told me to never do that to my hair again. I am kind of shock of this review and would encourage other clients to focus on the majority of the reviews and not the bias not impartial more than likely angry competition review. The EDGE will always and continue to be the best salon in the East Valley. This is coming from someone that has use well known salons across the globe not just the country.
5	As i'm sure most woman can relate, finding a great hairstylist is as hard as finding a good Gynecologist. I lucked out with choosing Edge. I horribly damaged my hair with a bleach job, and haven't had a proper cut in a few years. I was in need of some serious change. I considered a few salons based on their reviews, and chose Edge because it was close to my work.If you want someone super adorable, fun and experienced, go with Brianne. I'm sure all the stylist are great but I really enjoyed having Brianne as my stylist. She did a great job at executing what I wanted, and even gave me a suggestion on a place to get hair extensions if I wanted. I appreciated that. The time went by super fast because of good conversation. She will definitely be my go to from now on!Place is cute and quaint in San Tan Village, it's located right across from Chipotle next to Starbucks.
5	We just relocated from California and we were worried about finding a new hair stylist in town. After a little research I called The Edge Salon and made an appt for my mom and I with Brianne. We were both so please with how great our hair looked when we were done. She even worked miracle on my daughters hair, when I thought her hair was beyond any repair from being so over processed, Brianne brought it back to life. Thank you Brianne for loving what you do.
3	I got my haircut here a couple months ago, and I just get so frustrated to this day when I am doing it. My hair was botched here. All my friends make fun of it. Not sure what happened, it's like half way through my stylist messed up and kept going with it. I knew the constant reassurance that it would look better once it grew out was alarming. I would give it 1 star, but they have great customer service and their staff is friendly. Will not return.
5	I've gone to Rylee at The Edge salon and she is awesome! She always listens to what you are requesting and then she is spot on by achieving that goal. I would recommend her for any of your coloring and cutting services!!
