3	Burrachos is a fine Mexican establishment to get a burrito. It compares very well with the other well known Mexican establishments like Qdoba, and Chipolte.  It is very similar in pricing, quantity, and most importantly quality. I ventured to this place with my good friends Alex N. and Bri W.  Alex enjoyed a monstrous burrito with the barbocous Beef and Bri enjoyed a heaping plate of nachos with its wonderful Queso. I myself had a chipotle Chicken burrito. After devouring our lunch we all seemed satisfied and content with out lunch decision. So points of concern. Their pinto beans looked like Busch's baked beans. They were tasty but there was a little original concern. Also their Queso was a little thin causing Bri's chips to get soggy fast. All in all ,for less than 6 buck a piece, it was a good quick meal. I recommend it if you are just wanting to stop, pick up something ,and eat it when you get home.
2	I realize that this is a chain burrito place and I realize that expectations should not be the same as with a regular restaurant.  I didn't expect to be blown away by a fast-food burrito - I knew exactly what I was ordering.  If I was looking for a good authentic burrito I would have gone to one of Madison's many good Mexican restaurants, but sometimes you just want a quick burrito because it's nearly 9 and you've been battling the crowds trying to find that one hand lotion your mom likes.  Chipotle, Qdoda and Panchero's are all decent options that may not be stellar but are always pretty good.  Which makes me wonder how a place like Burrachos can be so bad.  It's not rocket science after all, it's burritos.I was hesitant to return after the first time because the experience was not very good.  The menu board was a bit confusing and the staff were not at all helpful, but I wasn't expecting too much.  However I was expecting to have a decent burrito, and I was disappointed in what I received.  The rice was lumpy, the chicken cold and the salsa wasn't what I had ordered.  Maybe it was because they had just opened this location, or maybe this location is geared more for the lunch crowd (I came on a weekend night) but this didn't seem like a keeper.I went back last night to give them another chance.  It ended up being worse than before.  Again, maybe I'm stopping by too late but if that's the case close before 9 PM then.  While the employee who ran the register was friendly, the dude making the burrito was just goddamn rude.  I worked closing shifts at restaurants too, and I know it kinda sucks when someone stops in 15 minutes before close, but that's no excuse to be an ass about it.  But I could have forgiven the attitude had I gotten a decent burrito.  Instead I get home to see an open-faced pile of rice, beans and beef.  The tortilla had split right down the middle.  I should have noticed something was wrong when the first guy had to double-wrap the thing in two sheets.  On top of the shoddy construction, he gave me the wrong damn salsa again.  I want to like Burrachos.  It's a Wisconsin-based chain and they seem good to work for from what I've heard from friends that went to UW-Eau Claire.  I've been told the Sun Prairie location is consistently good, and my sole experience there was completely satisfactory.  But the Middleton location now has two strikes against it, and I'm not sure I'm willing to give them another shot.
3	I'm happy to say that after having successive bad experiences at Burrachos in Middleton the establishment has taken a turn for the better.  In addition to my review I sent in a comment via their website and received a apologetic response from the newly-appointed store manager.  He made several immediate changes which were apparent the next time I stopped by.  The staff were all friendly and the burrito was made properly.  I've returned several times since and have always had a decent experience.  I've tried several of the different burrito options and I've found that the carnitas pork is actually quite good, while I found the chicken to be a bit dry.  So I'm happy to say that this place has gotten better, and also that giving feedback can actually make a difference.  Who woulda thought?
