5	The Australian Bartender Ben was awesome as usual. Flaming shots, perfect Long Island Iced Tea and had great food suggestions that paired well with our drinks.   A strong anchor for the F1 weekend to start soon. Look for the Aussie, he knows what he's talking about.
1	If you think 5 glasses of wine, 12 pieces of calamari, 3 radishes, 4 pieces of limp celery, 4 actually pretty good cherry tomatoes, 4 red pepper slices so old they were going wrinkly, and one half filled condiment tin of philly cream cheese instead of dip for $100 bucks is a good deal then you'll love it! Oh, and the waitress told us the owner made them serve the owners home brew wine when we were joking about how bad the Cabernet Sauvignon was. We're talking box grade people. Played out wannabe hip joint with food as aged and wrinkly as its clientele. NewTown. phpphht! More like OldAssTown!
1	The pasta ordered here was nothing but carbs  - almost no vegetables, etc. - I would not suggest this place - it's a huge rip off.
2	I try really hard not to give a negative review but I just have to this time around. I'm at a 5a7 and ordered the angus burger. It was a brick and dry, I couldn't even take a bite. They offered to change it, I refused because it was awful. Never again will I eat here.
5	It was my first time in Montreal and my boyfriend and I were here for a New Years.It was amazing! From the time we stepped into the restaurant (we stayed in the lounge) until the time we left. There was a set menu because of it being New Years and the food was amazing!  It was quieter and a very nice place to be for the evening.I'm also Vegan and they were able to accommodate me and the chef did an excellent job! The bartender (Ben?) and the manager(Omar) went above and beyond to make sure our stay was everything we needed it to be. The bartender was super friendly and did a great job. Omar made sure we got the best table and the best service. Thanks to all who made our visit one to remember.  Shout out to Raven who was hostess/waitress. Very friendly and we loved getting to know you. Thank you!!!!!
