5	I absolutely love this place! It has easily become a second home. Everyone is so amazing and generous!!
5	I was a bit intimidated about taking a class here because I have never done Pilates and really didn't know what it was all about.  I liked that  in all of the classes  the instructors really take their time to make sure  you are in the right positions so you can benefit  from the exercises. There were some cases where I wasn't flexible enough  to do some of the moves. Instead of sitting out during that particular exercise the instructors will find a different way you can work on the same muscle everyone else is working on. I also like  how each of the instructors are so different in their teaching styles. They all have different types of exercises that they work into the class so there is a variety in your routine. I like that it is exercise but at the same time it is also relaxing. Pilates has really helped me with my back pain, and tenseness in my back and shoulders. I have also shed a little weight too! Everyone at this facility is super friendly and easy going which is wonderful when you are starting something you have never done before!
1	In Brief: Do not waste your time or your money.  The only instructor I liked was Anna, but the facility is not great and the owner is a rude know-it-all who only cares about making money and not the health/welfare of his clients.The Long of It:  I used to go to ABiB when it was in Summerlin, and I must say the original was much better than the new location/owner. First, I am not particularly fond of the seedy shopping center the new location is in. If the rent is cheaper there, then why are the prices the same (and some more $$)?  Plus the facilities are very stark, not warm and welcoming as before.  Second, the new owner is rude, unhelpful, and condescending.  I've been active in Pilates on and off for five years and he told me I had to take 15 essentials (basic) classes before I could pay for a private lesson to evaluate whether I could advance to the regular classes.  Seriously?  Third, because the Groupon package I purchased was only 20 classes and I missed four of them due to serious illness I would not have even had the opportunity to take intermediate classes.  This leads me to my fourth point.  I scheduled most of my classes weeks in advance (if you don't you won't get a spot).  I ended up extremely ill for three weeks and inadvertently forgot to cancel the four classes I had scheduled (Pilates was not the first thing on my mind when I could not even leave the confides of my house). When I went to schedule more classes a month later, I realized I had fewer classes available than I thought.  When I contacted ABiB to work something out with regard to the missed classes (I even offered doctor's notes) they decided extortion was the proper route and told me they would only credit me for the four missed classes if I bought another package!  Are you kidding me???  Why would I give them more money?  Needless to say, I was shocked and disgusted with the poor customer service and lack of concern for their clients.  For a place promoting healthy living, I cannot believe they didn't even care about the fact that I was sick.
