1	As a Walmart shopper for my entire life, and a LOYAL one, it actually pains me to write this review.My husband went in and bought a quart of paint.  The woman at the paint counter did not close it properly (she "forgot") and gave him the paint in a bag to bring home with other items.  When he left the store he was not aware the can was leaking.  He walked into our home with brand new carpet (less than a year old) and walked across the entry and dining areas (both carpeted).  The paint dripped EVERYWHERE.We immediately called a manager at the store, stated what happened, and took pictures in.  They assured us something would be done.Instead we were routed to three different managers and finally "claims" in Arkansas.  "Claims" did not contact us for THREE WEEKS despite stating they would call us numerous times.  They did not return our calls.In the final hour - nearly three weeks to the day later - they denied our claim stating they were not liable... The woman SAID she did not close the paint can!  How was my husband to psychically know not to carry that bag in with the others, and that it would spill ALL OVER our carpet.Tried numerous times to remedy this and no luck.  Target, here we come.
1	This is the worse Walmart I have ever visited. The management staff DOES NOT staff the store. If you need help, you will wait for 30 minutes or more. Dirty store and always out of stock on the items you want. Also check the diary products as many are outdated. Very sad for a Walmart!
2	I avoid this Walmart. Always crowded in the day. That's probably all Walmart's but this one in particular is busy. The few times I have gone at night with the hubby (past midnight) there are stray dogs in the parking lot. Maybe it's just the area but I rather shop Walmart online. Free shipping , same products in store & get to avoid the crowd.
1	Sometimes you have to go to Walmart, because they have everything and man do I hate coming here. This has to be the worst Walmart I've been too. It's always packed and always dirty. I've gone on 3 different occasions and they were out of carts wtf! Also they have a very dim lit parking lot and there are shady characters hanging out there at night near the gardening section. Does this place have security or loss prevention, because I've never seen them. Avoid this place if possible.Pros: It's Walmart it has everythingCons: Dirty, crowded, no security, dark parking lots, shady characters hanging out, no carts.
1	i really dont like going to this walmart. yes the shelves are always stocked, but when it comes to checking out and customer service talk about horrible service. walmart can be packed on a saturday but they only decide to open about 3-4 lanes. they have so many check out lines... USE THEM WALMART! The waiting and the non caring attitude the staff shows really kills the shopping experience.
2	If you like dodging shopping carts in the parking lot, then this is the Walmart for you.  If you are looking for a shopping cart in the store, good luck.  The place is packed with rude people.  They are stocked out on bottled water.  Really?
1	So disappointed.  I have been a loyal customer to this store since it opened and have seen the decline.  One lane open on an extremely busy Friday night? Seriously?  Have been there numerous times, different days, different hours and its always the same story.  Line of 20 people and one register. If u want to wait 30 to 45 minutes to check out, this is your place. I once waited over one hour in line with one register open on the day before a holiday.  When I talked to the manager as to why she couldn't open more registers, all she said is that it wasn't her fault as she doesn't do the schedule. I saw over 10 people walk out the line to complain to her.  She could of opened a line herself to help.   Sad to say, I have to avoid this Walmart.  All it does is piss me off due to the lack of workers and customer service.
1	With Walmart being so big, they lack customer service. Pressed for assistant more than 3x at the fabric section and no one showed up. They just keep losing sales over and over. Will it ever get better??!!!! Such a disappointment.
1	I stay right next to this Wal-Mart and will drive to avondale or Goodyear just to avoid going to this one the employee's are rude and mostly nothing but ghetto ass people like the one on 75th and McDowell.
2	I like to come on Wednesdays to price match with the competitors ads. Unlike most people who do this, I am organized and separate all the ad matched items from the regular groceries to make life easier for the cashiers. I know it's a pain  for them to do this but that's what they offer and that's what I go for.      The cashier who helped me today was very rude despite my consideration towards her. I went late at night to avoid long lines and crowds. She questioned every item that I matched and would ask "which store is this from again?" In a very accusatory tone despite the fact that I had just stated the item, price, and store. I would then ask her if she needed to see the ad but she would not answer! She would not even make eye contact or make any type of acknowledgment that I had just spoken to her.      I have also noticed that the store always seems to conveniently be out of the items that others stores have significantly reduced.  I understand they may sell so many that the shelves get emptied but they never restock. It was obvious the cashier today was very annoyed by me but that's her job, and if she hates it so much then maybe she should find another.
4	I give this a 4/5 because we'll drive away from our closest walmart, past anothe one just to go to this one .  The place isn't a sty like other walmarts. The lines are long and the service sucks,  but still 4/5 for walmart
1	Went to pick up an item from electronics late at night. Wal-Mart, being 24 hour locations are my go to for this need. Went to this location and to my disappointment the electronics section was closed. I talked to an associate who told me that that the section closed at 1100 pm and re-opened at 7am, and that this practice has been going on for about 2 weeks. Perfect timing for that Wal-Mart! Waste of time.
3	Walmart should consider a system to move customers through checkout more efficiently. Target has it down, and so does Fry's Electronics. I'm tired of feeling like someone will skip line in front of me or that I have to guard my post like I'm in a civil war against fellow customers. This goes for all Walmart stores, not just 75 Av and Lower Buckeye. If it's about money--which it always is--why not open the 8 self checkouts and put two cashiers in charge? Oh, am I the only one wondering why there are so many carts in the parking lot and nowhere to put them? Christ!Last thing and I'm out. The employees' niceness generally corresponds to their pay, but they're nice here. Not that I'm having tea time with them, but we've shared a smile or two. There's a kid working as a greeter with a friendly smile--can't imagine a better person for that job. All in all good people.
