2	Another Starbucks. I mean if you've been in one you've been in them all. "That's the point of a chain store Jonny" yeah but that ain't gonna stop me moaning about it. Besides Starbucks really takes it to an all new level. They literally spawn in the depths of the abyss before their newly formed spores infect some new area of a town, and slowly transform a once public building, a once independent shop, a once beautiful space or a once  creative ANYTHING into another assembly line Starbucks. This Starbucks likely attracts most of its custom from the nearby Haymarket Station. There aren't that many other coffee shops nearby mind, not that this Starbucks probably helps.I'll give it to them. Starbucks sure know how to market themselves. They really created  that stylish cosmopolitan, leather couched, progressive urban American aesthetic that they marketed and has since been copied by so many- by other chain shops and independents trying to keep up with the engineered lifestyle image that sells.I was thinking about all this when my friends coerced me into this Starbucks the other day. I was sitting, and looking around me thinking how it all seemed so innocent. THIS branch is not awful in itself, it might be dull and utterly vapid but by itself it's not terrible. But this branch is just one of thousands identical to it. Why was I sitting there taking in the phony atmosphere of some cool yet determined business person/trendy student when I could be appreciating genuine local and creative coffee shops elsewhere?But surely I'm just getting carried away now. Why don't I just accept that independent coffee chains are great but the odd Starbucks here and there isn't a bad thing. Well I would, only, have you ever wondered WHY there are fewer independent coffee shops around and yet so many Starbucks? Could it possibly be because Starbucks intentionally puts them out of business? Hell yes. Their tactics are well recorded. They buy up their rival's leases and "cluster" build in areas where there are large numbers of independent shops (its called "saturating the market") often intentionally running at a loss. It might not be the explanation behind the absence of independents nearby, but it makes you wonder.Maybe it's just me that values diversity and creativity over aggressive homogeneity, despite the Friendly Face Inc. I'll admit I am slightly bias against Starbucks and I'll take the blame for that; what with all the the labour disputes (including firing pro-union workers in the US), the fact Starbucks has been called one of the top ten worst "greenwasher" corporations, despite its voting down of effective new recycling measures, despite its phony fair trade bean policy (only a tiny percentage of their coffee worldwide is fair trade).So yeah, I admit these were the sort of bias thoughts that swam through my pinko lefty brain as I sat there smelling the sweet aroma. Yeah, another Starbucks. Nice waitress mind!
4	This is a nice looking starbucks.  I feel like it's a new renovation.  It was really close to the hotel we stayed at.  I was really happy to visit here, b/c they have wifi, and there's something nice about knowing you can get the same coffee as back home.
4	I like spending time reading in this Starbucks. B/c its in such a old beautiful building it feels a bit more like relaxed in my opinion. Not as modern as some of the other Starbucks with large glass windows ( which i di like) but here it could leet like you were in someones pallor . Always friendly service here . I like going here if I have to wait for the train, rather then the one at the train station thats small and more modern and busy.
