4	Take it from this fat girl...This store is for the casual business woman...unlike Torrid where they have the "junior" look... Lane bryant Is Defiantly for the GROWN & SEXY!!!The have awsome Bra's...pricey but hey i'd pay anything for a good fit for my girls, if you know what I mean!!
4	I'm a regular Lane Bryant shopper. When they have items I like, I stock up because you never know when they will change stock and you won't be able to find those perfect cargo pants again. I prefer the jeans from Avenue to this place, but you can occasionally find decent jeans here.A recurring flaw with the Lane Bryant clothing line is this tendency to pepper clothing with glittery stuff, beads and busy patterns that look horrible on big girls. What the hell is that about, anyway? I'm also not a fan of putting 'skinny jeans' on clearly not skinny bodies. Give me a boot cut or a wide leg pant so that the thigh and butt aren't so clearly defined as massive. Hey, I can say it, I'm talking about myself here.That being said, when they have good casual wear, I'm all over it. I dropped $400 on this trip, and I love everything I picked up. From cargo pants to linen trousers and a couple of lightweight cargo type jackets that I am completely in love with.Staff at this store were amazingly helpful. I asked about the linen pants in a different color and they checked the back to see if they had them (they didn't) but they did get in a new jacket that matched the pants I was going to buy already and it was shown to me to see if I wanted it (none of the jackets had been put out on the floor yet). Kim, in particular, was a superstar. If I lived in Las Vegas, I would make this particular store a regular stop just because of Kim and the other associates who were all super friendly and helpful. How refreshing.
2	This is like the older womans Torrid, which is good for older women I guess. I've shopped here before in Colorado and I sometimes find sales. This time around I found thins bra thing for 7$ half off so it was 3$. The other clearance stuff was like 20-60$!!I know fatties need more material to make clothes, but seriously. Why do they have to charge an arm and a leg for clothes? Paying 69.50$ for a pair of jeans is no bueno! Someone really needs to build a store were people who donesnt have 150$ to spend on a shirt and 1 pair of pants can shop. This place SURE isnt it! Also, just because I'm fat DOESNT mean my thighs are the size of a Buick! It also doesnt mean that my crotch hangs down to my knees!! So why the eff are the zippers soooooooooooooo long?! Once again, I'll stick to Ross and Old Navy... MUCH CHEAPER and Ross actually sells LB unsold out of season crap.
3	They're so far from helpful, it's ridiculous. You'll walk in and everyone's behind the cash register talking. No greeting and no help. The clothes are also extremely expensive. But they're decent quality and their bras are MAGIC. The price and bad customer service give it a 3.
