4	I needed to fax a pretty large document and stopped by here to get it done.  The old guy working the counter was pretty cool and took care of it, watching every page (23 pages) go through the fax machine, one by one, to make sure nothing went wrong.  Since it was a very important document, I'm very thankful for his personal attention.  I wish he wore a name tag so I could give him props.....he probably owns the joint.I don't live nearby, so the chances I'll return are pretty low, but that is not indicative of the service here.Return Factor - 20%
3	With the business under new management- it is like night and day from the service that I have received in the past 2 years. The shelves are clean and stocked with packaging/mailing materials. Each time I am greeted with a smile and a warm welcome. I have a mailbox that I check about weekly. I also have used the fax machine, and had packages mailed from this location. I am happy to say there are many positive changes made recently here that should equate in a more enjoyable experience for future customers.
1	I had a very unpleasant experience.  The guy behind the counter was rude.  I was asking basic questions about how to obtain a UPS shipping label.  He kept saying it was my problem and that he was a franchise owner, not actually UPS.  He was no help and was trying to make me feel lowly.   Horrible experience
1	I don't remember the last time I received such horrible customer service. The older gentleman (and I use that term loosely) was downright rude and not helpful in answering routine questions. I typically avoid self-service kiosks, but that would have been a much more pleasant experience...Then again, so would spraying lemon juice in my eye and trying to rub it out with a serrano pepper! Go out of your way to avoid this establishment or take your business to another carrier if possible.
5	Love the new owners!!! Very professional, helpful and nice! Was told they are remodeling the store soon and will be offering many new services such as printing, scanning, emailing and many many more things. Will definitely be coming back. Love the great service and was extremely pleased!
5	Love the new owners!!! Very professional, helpful and nice! Was told they are remodeling the store soon and will be offering many new services such as printing, scanning, emailing and many many more things. Will definitely be coming back. Love the great service and was extremely pleased!
5	This store was fantastic! The new owners are very friendly and got me in and out fast. I will definitely be making this my new go to for all of my shipping and printing.
5	So excited to see new life coming to this store!!! The new owners seem to know what there doing & are friendly as well!!!
5	what a great experience I had with the new ownership at this location! no need to go anywhere else! Great people breathing new life!
5	I was in the neighborhood and needed to send a package..decided to drop in to the nearest place I found. I was able to get in and out quicker than I thought. New owners are FANTASTIC, friendly, and very professional. Great and fast service!! Thanks guys!
5	I just went to this ups store and was pleasantly surprised to see it was under new ownership. When I first entered I expected the usual horrible service, but not this time, I was greeted with a friendly hello and attended to in a prompt and attentive manor. I was offered many choices on how to send my package but was steered in the the most efficient and affordable way. I left there feeling confident that my package was in good hands!
5	First time visiting the store. I was so pleased and here is why. 1. Store was easy to find and well advertised. 2. Store was clean and stocked with necessary shipping products. 3. Staff was friendly and helpful. The lady that helped me offered to tape my box up for me. 4. I feel I got the best shipping rates possible. I would and will seek this location the next time I have to ship anything. The post office staff at the usps are so unfriendly it made this store location at ups my choice going forward.
