5	What a wonderful company.  After two other companies were sent out by American Home Shield to repair my parent's backing up sewer and it was unsuccessfully fixed (both times) we called Cypress Street Plumbing and they got the job done and done RIGHT!  The first plumber messed up the job and the second plumber refused to work on it after the first plumber messed it up, but Cypress Street Plumbing was eager to help.  They were fast and reasonably priced.  They explained to my parents what the problem was and how they were going to take care of the problem and gave them tips on how to avoid future problems with the sewer line backing up.  We should have called them the first time!!  GREAT JOB CYPRESS STREET PLUMBING we will definitely be calling them for all our plumbing needs.
5	Complaints. That's what you often hear about most plumbing companies.  They take forever to get there. The quote is way too high. They leave muddy tracks around your house. They're gruff and unfriendly.  This is NOT Cypress Street Plumbing! They are quick and polite with reasonable prices, and they CAN fix your problem. It's like a plumber who actually likes their job!  I no longer live in Phoenix, but when I did, George at Cypress Street fixed every plumbing issue I ever had. He can really do it all.  I once saw him successfully replace a gas water heater in less time than it took me make dinner! For real, give your business to someone who will both appreciate it AND fix your plumbing issue with a smile.
5	George at Cypress Street Plumbing is incredible. We have used him on numerous occasions and he is very prompt, extremely reasonably priced, efficient and the work he does is second to none. On one occasion our sewer pipe backed up at 11pm and flooded the house. George knew it was an emergency and outside business hours but he dropped everything and he and his drain machine we're on our roof in 10 minutes clearing the clog and even helped us clean up the flood in the house. I would highly recommend this company for all your plumbing needs.
5	I needed a water line added to my kitchen in order to utilize the water and ice dispensers on my refrigerator.  The first plumbing company quoted me a price of over $400. George (Cypress Street Plumbing) did the job for half the price and did it not only very well, but in a timely manner. I was so impressed by his work and fair price that I've had him complete two more plumbing jobs in my house and have a fourth one planned for the fall. Cypress Street Plumbing's service was efficient, affordable, cleanly managed, and completed with trust.  With great confidence, I highly recommend Cypress Street Plumbing to meet your plumbing needs.
5	My shower head in our guest bathroom was clogged up.  Instead of a shower it was barely a sprinkle.  I called two other plumbers before I found George.  None of the other two could get to my house before my company arrived to stay for the weekend without crazy rush service charges. George came to my rescue.  I love my non handy husband but I think I love george more
5	My hot water heater broke at my shop and I needed to fix it pronto.  I called a couple places (Home Depot and Lowes) and got price quotes for hot water heaters and replacement labor costs and then went on yelp to see if I could find a plumber with a good reputation that charged fair prices.I called Cypress Street plumbing at about 2:30pm today and spoke with George.  I told him where I was located and he said he could come right over.  Within 30 minutes George had made it to my place, diagnosed the problem, and was on his way to pick up a new water heater to install.  By 4:30pm, he had removed the old water heater,  installed the new water heater, and had the whole place cleaned up like nothing ever happened.  He didn't charge a service charge to come out and diagnose the problem and he warranties the work that he does.George did a great job and really seemed like he knew what he was doing.  Everything is working perfectly now.  He was friendly and professional.  His cost was a little less than the quotes I got from Home depot and Lowes.  It was easy breezy working with him and I would recommend him.  Yay! I think I just found a plumber that I would call again!
5	George is so nice and fast, fast, fast!  I called him and within an hour he was there.  All he had to do was reset a switch and the problem was solved.  I am more than impressed!  I highly recommend George and will call him again, if needed.  Thank you, George.  Your professionalism is noted and appreciated.
