1	Very rude receptionist. Exceptionally long wait time for a simple nurses visit. I will be finding a new office ASAP.
3	The receptionist at this office is the most rude bitch. For the two years we have been going here she has been consistently rude every time she opens her mouth. Avoid this place. I think it has been rubbing off on everyone else and everyone has become rude. The new Dr., Dr. Clean (or some other short name like that) is demeaning and talks to you like your stupid (I clearly was understanding what she was saying) the nurses are good but impatient, even when the place is empty. The taller Native American nurse is a great blood taker.I think the disposition of the office is making everyone edgy or something. Doctor Nunez is a good doctor. I like him he makes up 2 of the stars, the nurses make up the other one. I would say Dr. Nunez needs a new front desk team.The waits are long. You probably won't see doctor Nunez very many times. The receptionist is rude. The nurses are impatient but good.
5	I've been coming here for about 2 years now.  I like all the gals  in the office! Rosa the nurse is real cool. Dr. Nunez is awesome, sweet and explains what is wrong with you. He really cares which is lovely.  Dr. Thrift is so polite and  sweet too!  I really like how she listens. I'm a flight attendant with a  strange schedule and they always get me in same day.I highly recommend this team!
5	I am a new patient of Dr Nunez and am so far impressed by the convenient scheduling, clean and professional atmosphere and nice staff.  I really appreciated that the waiting room was clean, modern, comfortable and not blasting pharma ads at me as I waited. After a short wait I met the nurse, who was a little brusque but warmed up after we chatted. She did a great job drawing blood with zero ouch factor. I waited only a couple of minutes to see the Dr.   They also take appointments online - they have a nice patient portal that you can use to see test results etc, too. Dr Nunez listened to my concerns, asked great questions and seems to take a very balanced approach that focuses on wellness and how the patient is feeling rather, than trying to rush you out the door with a diagnosis or focus only on test number. He seems genuinely interested in improving the lives of his patients. So far, he also seems really practical and reasonable. I'm glad I found his practice!!
5	I would like to take a moment and comment on our family's experiences with Dr. Michael Nunez and his staff. We have been going there for several years and this is a first rate practice. Alex or Rosa generally answers the phone and greets us. They are infinitely patient with my questions on the patient portal or inquiries about whether we need to come in. They always accommodate our requests to get in when it is critical. Dr. Michael Nunez is a fine physician. He takes excellent care of my entire family. Dr. Nunez takes the time to take a complete look at our health and hears our needs/requests. We are really happy with this practice. Laurie and Rodney Malone
