1	This used to be called Belz Factory Outlets. Never liked it then, and even with the name change, I'm still not very impressed with the selection of outlet stores at this indoor mall. Most of the stores sell very outdated items, like clothing that was cool in the 90s. If you want a more modern, in-style selection, I'd recommend the Las Vegas Premium Outlets for a more extensive selection of outlet stores with good quality.
4	Looking for bargains in Vegas?  Don't go to the Strip, with its skeevy souvenir stores and pricey casino malls.  Instead, head over to the Las Vegas Outlet Mall, where you can actually get something for your money besides the thrill of plunking it into a one-armed bandit.This outlet mall is huge, and it just goes on and on...and on.  And on.  It's so big that there are two food courts, and one of them is located next to a carousel.  Yes, there is a somewhat random feel to the layout and selection of stores, but it's such a diverse mix that there will be something for everyone in your group to browse through - though you might have some trouble meeting up again later.Some of my favorite stores include the Fossil outlet, which has tables of $20 and $30 watches (but make sure they check the battery before you leave); Charlotte Russe, which has a fun mix of funky and bohemian women's clothes, and a giant clearance rack in the back (I got a super-cute skirt there for $8 that I wear all the time); Vans, which has styles you won't see in regular stores and a big sale section; and Levi's, where you can get irregulars for half the price of normal Levi's.Other notable stores include Liz Claiborne, Jones New York, Nike, Reebok, and Tommy Hilfiger.  Shoe lovers will find Adidas, Bass, Skechers, and Naturalizers, among others.  There are home furnishings stores (Mikasa, Black & Decker), leather stores (Wilson, and, soon, Coach), and gourmet foods (Harry & David, Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory).  As with any "outlet" mall, there are some stores that seem suspiciously non-outlet, and some weird stores that are just oddball (like the rocks 'n' geodes shop).  Plan to spend at least an afternoon here, particularly if you're hiding out from the intense Vegas heat.  You may spend more than you planned - I always do - but unlike at the casinos, at least you'll have something to show for it when you head back home.
4	Indoor mall (not like LV Premium Outlets). Lots of shops and geared more toward locals. Most of the name brands are there. One in particular was very interesting -- Burlington Brands (http://www.burlingtonbrands.com/home.htm). This is like the Ross for the name brands (but very organized and nowhere as messy). Got a good number of items there at really discounted prices. Nice place.
2	Yea...so uhm if you're into that hippity hop music or looking for dredge...this is the place to be. Eh...but definitely not my style. Once in a while at a random day in a blue moon I walk in here and find absolutely...NOTHING. Then again. I may be just to posh for this place.
3	Not my favorite outlet mall in Vegas, for you bay areans it reminds me a lot of Southland, except this place smells like feet.  My favorite stores in here are the Hot Topic and Coach Outlets.  The Coach store here seems to have a really good selection here and I've bough oh about 3 purses there so far!
4	Though we originally planned to head over to the Premium Outlets, our concierge at the hotel advised us to go here instead.   I did really well at the Nike Store and the Fossil store, but my friend went gangbusters at Nike, Van Heusen, Sketchers, and Calvin Klein.   I would definitely go back, it's a good, solid outlet mall with actual discounted deals.
1	This outlet SUCKS.  The only store worth visiting is the Nike Outlet.  That's it.  Don't waste your time here.
3	This shopping center is weird, at first we thought it was a store with random brands and then had to walk to another.  Ha!  We surprised ourselves!!  This outlet was huge, with okay stores.  Man, i bought this pretty cream colored dress at Charlotte Russe and end up losing it somewhere.  It was all because of the stupid bullshit massage we got from those old china men!!!  Gave us even more pain to our backs and made me lost focus of everything else around me!!  Arghh,  i was so sad.. had to walk my ass all the way back to the areas i was at.  We already made it towards our exit, and thats when i realize something was missing.  Luckily my friend held on to my coach bag, i woulda been even worse!!  Aiyah.. what happens in vegas stays in vegas!!!  omg, i so hate when people uses that phrase.. ugh.i had a bad experience here, but i still got to exchange my coach wristlet for an even better one!  *sigh*
3	The mall itself I would call 'hoopty' even my husband commented he felt like he was in a Cancun mall. Anyways what saves this place are specific stores that I personally like, like Coach, Sketchers and Claire's. Sadly I could not find my favorite sunglasses kiosk, looks like they are gone. One problem I found is the temperature. Some parts are cool but others are hot and in the dessert heat that can be troublesome. Also some of the 'outlets' are not really that cheap, you can actually find better deals at Ross or Marshall's.
2	This outlet is the true meaning of outlet. Junk that can't sell that no one wants. I did, however, find a cheap pair of Adidas sneakers ($26) though. I mean if Wet Seal is still in business selling 12-year-old sized clothes at buy one, get one free, you need to RUN the other direction... OUTLET.
1	If this is the best "outlet" experience that can be created, don't waste your time. This place is a notoriously overpriced, under managed tourist trap. The food courts are the worst of the entire experience.  One example: I ordered "orange juice" at the Mediteranean Grill place. I watched the gal pour the orange juice out of a Food4Less-style gallon jug (not even Odwalla or anything fancy! GENERIC!) into a six ounce styrofoam cup, and she charged me almost four dollars. Pfft. There is this hot dog place in one of the food courts hocking a "Rom Dog" that is "cash only" and does not offer reciepts. What's UP with THAT? Way too expensive, especially the clothing stores. What is Up with THAT? Lucy W said it best -- RUn the other direction... OUTLET!
2	The Las Vegas Outlet Center, formerly known as Belz, feels like it's stuck in the early 90's. The decor and the smell of the mall is grey and stale; this place definitely needs an update. Perhaps the biggest offender are their nasty-ass bathrooms in the food courts. The men's bathroom have only three toilet stalls. There was graffiti tagged everywhere, clogged toilets filled with feces, no hand soap, the smell of ass in the air, and NO bathroom paper towels! These bathrooms are right by the food courts!Aside from the questionable unsanitary bathrooms, the mall does manage to have some decent stores. It covers the bases for your average suburban mall needs such as: Pacsun, Calvin Klein, Vans, Converse and etc... One can find good deals if you're willing to search. The place is one level with two food courts. If you want a bad stomach ache filled with grease, then by all means, eat here. If you have a brain, avoid most of these food court restaurants! They taste generic, shitty, and they're overpriced. Stick to the Dunkin Donut kiosk next to Tommy Hilfiger for a snack and a drink. I'm not sure if it's still available, but if you go to food court by Tommy H. there is an information desk. Ask for a booklet with discount coupons for each store (For example. If you spend $75 or more at Jockey, you get $10 off, etc).
1	Attention all purveyors of counterfeit American one hundred dollar bills... at least two clothing stores at this mall (GAP and Wrangler) accept $100 bills and don't even check to see that they are fake. I watched it happen last week! Especially go on Tuesday at lunch time!I guess rules, regulations, and laws are only for stupid people like me.
3	You can get some good deals here. The food court ain't too shabby. The outlet has a lot of good stores. Parking is ample.
3	Ya, this place is older, but I found better deals here than the "Premium" outlet place downtown.  This is located a few miles South of Mandalay Bay on LVB.  I boarded the deuce bus in front of Bellagio and rode it to the outlet center, then back again.There's a decent selection of stores here, and the food court options aren't bad either.  The place was packed on the afternoon I visited.I will certainly find my way back here again.
5	This is the older outlet mall in Las Vegas and it's not as shiny as its newer counterpart downtown but judge a book by it's cover! It has a number of stores that offer incredible deals because they have new competition a few miles away! One of my favorites is the Sean John Factory Store (only one in Las Vegas), it has the same product you'll find in the department stores at unbelievable prices! When you're next in Las Vegas, visit the Las Vegas Outlet Center and the Sean John Factory Store!
2	Very dated shopping mall.  The signs and many of the stores look like them stepped out of the late 80s.  But there are some modern additions like a fancy Nike store.I am sad to say that my credit card history now has a Hot Topic charge on it.  Found a great deal on a gift for my niece in the "half off lowest clearance price" rack.  But otherwise, the prices were the same as any other Hot Topic store.I didn't see any really deep discounts in the stores I visited.  I stopped in because I need a few more pairs of socks for my trip.  I walked around to see if anything was worth visiting, but instead I just hopped back on the bus back to my hotel.
4	I've been coming here for many years!  This outlet center has the best deals around.  It's a little bit of an older property...and it's due for a remodel...but I'm here for the bargains not the decor...I save that for the casinos.  They have great shops and they have real bargains...unlike MANY of the other so called "outlet" malls that I have been to.  You know the ones where they have 95% of the regularly priced items and then a "clearance" rack...yeah that does not qualify as an outlet store.The have two food courts...nothing too interesting except for the Great American cookies...which they don't have in California.  Nothing like a little sugar to get back on track.  Come here with a lot of time, money and comfortable shoes...and if you don't have the comfortable shoes...don't worry...you can buy them here!!!
4	WOW !!! Good buys abound !!!My friend Erin and I had a BALL here!!!  Yes it is very 1980's but who CARES?  The prices are a scream!!  Yes there are a few stores that are just "there" basically regular priced stuff - but if you want to do some serious shopping THIS is the place to come!! Liz Claiborne (TWO full shopping bags later!! I really scored here because I was shopping for my Mom - she is a teeny tiny petite woman not to mention a screaming leopard two-piece skirt outfit for me!! Paid 90.00 for both pieces only to find the EXACT same outfit in Canada for 350.00 It was identical !! )  Coach rocks and they are not afraid to mark stuff DOWN either!!  I loved the Rockport store nice shoes for 27.00 (regular 90.00) A very friendly store that has amazing prices in the mall is Fossil !! Bought not one but two bags !! I still use them :)  And a very cool necklace.  I had to make a trip to the car to unload the parcels !! I also found a nice jacket for my Dear Dad and some "kitschy" Vegas souvenirs from the kiosk in the mall.  Its a great mall - not too fancy but has GREAT deals - I mean who really CARES how "up-to-date" a mall "looks"?  I'd rather have lower prices - and REALLY great customer service in all the stores! Besides after you go to your car and "unload" your purchases (in the trunk!!) You can scoot over to Chilis for lunch then go to Saks Fifth Avenue clearance store which is in the same parking lot adjacent to the mall in a little strip itself - still affilliated with the mall itself.  Its a great place and will continue to shop there!!  Its my first STOP !!!
3	Don't get me wrong.. I love vintage goods and vintage stores when that is what is intended. I don't think i am supposed to get the feeling that I am window shopping in the 80's while walking around this place but needless to say I do.  The air is stale the isles are very narrow, thus making it feel like you are at a fair when you walk by the midway games and carnies nag you to play the game, this is the same thing with the accented people working the booths in the middle, sometimes I just want to tell them no I don't want 5 balls for a dollar and I know I am really not guaranteed to win... Back to those isles and how narrow they are, which depending on my mood sometimes makes me want to clothes line someone just to say I did. But then the inner Raymond speaks to me and Says..... psssss, hey don't do it. So needless to say I have never done it. The only other plus that I have found here is the quality of the people watching.. Man you can tell a story just by looking at some of the clientele that walks around in this place, maybe one day I will stop one of them and ask them for their name and location and I will yelp about them.The Ups and downs are as follows:Ups:People watchingClaw machines around every corner " I love those stupid things"Close to my houseDowns:The prices are relatively high and are not outlet dealsSmells funnyUgly decorNarrow walkways Odd store selectionI guess if you are bored and have nothing better to do this is always an option but I don't know that i would make it my first option.
2	This place wasn't that great, I came here before I went to the premium outlets. I didn't find anything.. I walked out of outlet shopping with NOTHING.. (very odd for me).. The stores are typical and the prices aren't anything of outlet prices.. I wouldn't come back here.They did have booths in the middle of the mall that sold Vegas souvenirs for a good price.
2	This place was never a good mall to begin with, and with Music 4 Less and Flashbacks closing down, it has been dealt even more fatal blows.Pretty much all that is left in this place now is clothing stores. Yes, i know that's probably why most of you come to this place in the first place, but those of us who desire something more out of our mall experience will be sorely disappointed. The layout of the mall is very strange as well. It is a "comb" shape, basically a straight line with extensions to the exits. It gets annoying having to divert from the central hall just to go down each of the "teeth" to see what is there. And why does the place have TWO FOOD COURTS? This is a really strange move, they would have been better off having just one big one, and a nice, two-story layout that took up less space. The parking lot here is a zoo as well. Apparently, this is a popular tourist attraction (I can confirm that having worked in one of the stores some years back.) You're not going to have an easy time finding a close space. My advice - if you come, park outside Burlington's on the north end, there seem to be more spaces there than you might think, and apparently not many people think to park there.If you're in the area and want to do some clothing shopping (and not much else), stop on in. But don't go out of your way to visit this place by any means.
1	This is the worst outlet mall that I have ever visited. The first problem was the distinct lack of air conditioning. Which, logically, resulted in an unpleasant odor throughout the mall. It is also extremely dirty and the bathroom was disgusting. It was simply an uncomfortable shopping experience and, although we walked the entire mall and looked in a lot of shops - trying to tackle the items on our list, the only store we purchased from was Hanes (socks and underwear). Do not even bother driving there and looking for parking. You are better off going to the outlet mall on Grand Central (which is open air) or Fashion Show (which is clean and has a number of wonderful stores).Also, has anyone else noticed that the outlet malls do not have that many bargains? You can find the same price on Levi's and Vans at your local Kohl's.
2	This place looks really old and run down and when you get inside you feel the same. theres tons of brands and most of which have great sales going on. be weary of the kiosks. those guys are salesmen to the umpteenth power. theres food shops here and there but the 3 times ive visited the mall ive only went for the shopping and im outty.. no need to overstay such an unwelcoming experience.
4	So after we left The Town Square, we came here to the Outlet. We walked around checking out different stores and kiosks... Needless to say, we walked from one end of the Outlet to the other end just because we had nothing else to do for the day. We ended up buying two little monkeys that are magnetic for the frides (for my newphews).. The oldest one keeps asking for the monkeys that can wrap around you.. one that we saw at the stores in the airports,....I got him a mini version, but will get him the big one as well. We got them from the souvenir spot. Then we bought these slimy balls that when we you throw then down on the counter, they splat then return to their original shapes. $4.99 plus tax for each one.. But there was a special... if you bought two, the third one was free. We also bought tshirts that had gangsta Mario from Super Mario Bros on them for Lil Man and the two of them. They were $14.99 for each shirt plus a extra $1 to have "Las Vegas" added. And of course I had Las Vegas added to all three shirts. The last thing that we bought was a model of a Chinook (Army plane). We chatted with the sales guy for quite some time. He was trying to convince my son and me why a little plane (not the Chinook)...one that could fit in your palm, was a bargain... Telling us that it normally runs $79.99 plus tax, yet he was willing to let us walk out of the outlet with a price of $40... YEAH RIGHT... Lil Man asked about the Chinook...And the guy gave his pitch about how it costs $139.99 plus tax, but was willing to give it to us at $80. Well well well, we walked out of the outlet with only paying $70 for it and called it a day so that we could go home and test out the new gadget that we bought. Both of us had fun last night playing with it. It is a remote controled Chinook. We had a fanatastic time hanging out and playing with it.
4	Always finding good deals here.
4	I love this outlet.  It is located on Las Vegas blvd and Warm Springs, near the airport.  It has a Lane Bryant Outlet store for us big girls.  They are missing a Torrid Outlet.  Loving the disneyland outlet on the outside in the parking lot.
3	It may look a bit.. uhmmm.. what's the word I'm looking for... ghetto but don't be alarmed by it's exterior. There are actually some decent stores if you walk around. It did have a flea market type feel because of the stands throughout selling 99 cents keychains and what not. Good for tourists on a tight budget for souvenirs. They do have a fantastic Nike and Adidas original outlet. Nice deals in there. Would I come back here? Yea, probably but just to select stores. (And those delicious DOMINO cookies at Great American Cookie!)
3	I will agree with other posters that the mall is definitely laid out poorly. You end up missing a lot of shops because by the end, you just don't want to walk down all the side paths. It usually is crowded as well and you might as well just accept the fact that you will be parking at the rear of the parking lot and walking. Other than that, it's not too bad of a place. It does look a bit rundown, but there are a lot of shops inside. The Nike outlet is great and has great deals, as do a lot of the other stores such as Charlotte Ruse and Rack Room Shoes. If you can deal with crowds, I'd recommend checking this mall out.
3	What the heck is going on with all the construction! Can't even enter or exit through the middle entrance! gah.This mall is pretty big with a lot of cool stores that I normally like to shop at. Unfortunately, not a lot of the stores have good sales going on. I find that Premium Outlets by downtown has a lot better deals. They seriously need to update their directory too! I swear, my mom and I walked up and down the mall at least twice looking for a chef''s outlet, and we just figured they have closed down since a lot of the units looked closed. Parking is horrendous. And the mall is usually packed even at 10am. You are constantly weaving and dodging your way through people and kiosk sales people.Ugh, and there are kiosks everywhere. And they all want to bug you and sample their product of you. I've learned to not make eye contact and to ignore them when they talk to you. I probably will go back just because it is close by to where I live, but I was ready to do some shopping today, and didn't find ANYTHING at all. I was very disappointed to say the least..
3	This is a hard review to do, so I think this is best left to bulletpoint format until I get to my final point of contention.The Goods:* You can get some great clothing items for very good prices.* They are currently remodeling the front-end, so hopefully the result will pay off for the Center.The Bads:* It's on the ass-end of the Strip.  You don't happen to wander upon this unless you are specifically looking for it, or get one of those motels down in that area (And why would you?).* Other than the carousel, it's not very kid friendly, as all the stores that could have proven entertaining have closed down in the last year or so.  I'd suggest a babysitter, or pray they like hanging out in the food court.* There's a few kitchen places, and one or two specialty stores, but largely, there's not a lot of diversity in the shopping experience.Now.  For the biggest complaint.  And the reason I HATE coming out to this place.The mall kiosk vendors.Look, I did this sort of job once way back in the day.  Its not glamorous, and it's boring because you are usually stuck selling things no one really thinks about buying.  Or wants.  But I refer to this Outlet Center as "The Gauntlet".Kiosk after kiosk of rude, pushy people who chase you down, yell at you from across the way, rub their wares on you whether you ask (or want) them to or not, and my favorite is when they actually stand in your way to block you and force you to stop.  And when you try to sidestep them, they sidestep WITH you to keep you blocked.  Oh, Hell no.At this point, you aren't going to get my business, but you are going to get something else from me.  And you're not going to like it.It is what it is, and as long as you stick to the sides of the mall, or use some other customer as your sacrificial lamb walking through to "feed" the kiosk people, you can find some nice clothing options here.  Anything else, it's not what you could call an "exciting" shopping experience.
3	I've been here quite a few times. There are lots of good stores, but this isnt the fancy outlet center. There are no fancy stores here at all. This outlet center is for the average shopper. this is the place you go when you need to buy tennis shoes, athletic wear or everyday wear. I've purchased shoes @ Nike, at Famous Footwear (the one where you earn points, etc) They have Reebok, Nike and 2 adidas stores. Nike at least has crappy socks for you to try on shoes b/c lets face it, this is the dessert, odds are we are wearing sandals. Adidas and reebok dont have this unless you specificaly ask for a pair of socks. They also have the great kitchen stuff store. I LOVE this store.You always find neat things in here that you didn't even know existed.. and you think to yourself wow, that's something that I need...I've always avoided, this or that b/c I didnt like this or that - but now that I have this gadget, wow I'm going to start eating healthier. Tools that have changed my life:The apple core-er. Wow. Love it. Got mine for $5 @wal-mart but still..The orange cutter. wow. Its like a ring you roll over the orange and it cuts the peel off into perfect slices. wow. all I can say.The ultimate discovery- that i've actually been searching for - forever.. Even Williams Sonoma doesnt carry. The TUNA strainer!. OMG. I finally found it and it even had a magnet on the back to take out the metal lid. Dang, that's exactly why I dont eat tuna b/c I dont like to strain the can, it goes everywhere, and I dont want to pay 2-3 the $ of the can to buy the pouch pre-drained. and that one is usually very dry. This is perfect. One day I went out here and found it and got in line, guess what? left my card in a book bag from buying books @ CSN earlier that daySo I went back... guess what? Sold out. arrrghh... The only thing I hate is the parking. trying to get in and out of here is annoying. But they have tons of restaurants inside the mall - they have 2 food courts, but they also have a strip of restaurants outside too. Everything u want from Chipotle, MCDonald's, Dickey's BBQ, BWW, La cocina, Outback, dunkin donuts, Weinerschnitzel, did i spell that right?Now the worst part of this place, which is why they lost another star is the kiosk people. If I dont want to buy anything, I dont want to buy anything. If I dont' stop @ your kiosk, that's b/c I don't have any interest in buying anything from you. Please don't try to hand me free things or put a stupid sticker or stamp on my already done nails (that I do myself for free, thanks).  I feel sorry for these folks b/c I know they are only doing their job but... dang. its a lose lose. you dont have this problem when you go the outlets up north - by downtown, and there you will find fancier stores. PACKED @ XMAS. wow. LINES OUT THE DOOR!. MY FAV stores here however are:Nike, Adidas, Famouse Footwear bc/ they sell all diff. shoes and you can earn points toward $10-$15. off. Coach, (those girls are pushy though.. you need't tell me how much everything costs when I pick it up) Guess, VF (for undergarments, Maidenform, and Bally. bras for $15!. You can't beat it!
3	it could be upgraded for sure. if it were alittle more functional.. I think it could be a awesome.parking at this place is tricky.  you park on one end and the mall ends on the total opposite end.  if it circled back,  it'd really be nice.  otherwise, I thinklocals and 'immigrated locals' from other cities and states know better to park exactly where they need to be.  they have decent stores that cater todifferent styles and ages.  I usually can find something here if I'm looking for something in particular.. so it's not a total waste of space.. it's alsoan outlet so prices can be pretty amazing... if u come at the right time.
3	I generally avoid this place, but I had to stop at the Great American Cookie Company and this was the closest.  Parking is worse than ever because they're doing some renovation on the entrances and there are areas that are blocked off.  There seemed to be a lot of tourists shopping which is very good.  Keep it up, Las Vegas visitors.  I'll only be back here when I really need to get to one of these stores - probably another three years.
4	Well no doubt this is the best place i visited so far during my vacation here in Vegas. Now i see a lot you have only given this place 3 stars...but i must tell you i have been to SEVERAL outlet malls across this entire country....and i am telling you this one is one of the best. Now before you all go and say something like WOW...or he is CRAZY....let me just say most outlets i visit are of the PREMIUM variety. However those are not usually affordable despite the fact they are OUTLETS...so being that this one is affordable.... out of the weather elements....and close to the STRIP...it is definitely one of the best i have ever visited.The uniform sports company is simply outstanding.....and if you are shopping for anything pertaining to your favorite sports team ...this place has no equal. Trust me i am the biggest sports fan there is......and trust me in all my travels across this great land....again there is no sports store of any kind that could compete with these guys. I literally had to leave for a few minutes and gather myself...because i was prepared to spend hundreds of dollars in there....LOL. So next time your in Vegas....and your ready to do some shopping PLEASE go to this locale before you go ANYWHERE else.....or you will be SORRY....Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!
3	They have good deals during holidays and weekends, but I only give it three stars because of the stores they have. They have some good ones, but don't have the usual designer ones you find at the premium outlets. There are very few stores I actually like to shop at this mall, like 2 or 3. And you really only get good deals sometimes. Like I bought a calvin klein bra that was supposedly on sale and marked down to $36 and i found the exact same one for $16 at Nordstrom Rack. So I hardly stop at these, only when my family wants to stop at these I will go.
4	They are remodeling and expanding these outlets to 240 stores! So now it will have more selection of stores :)
1	Chintzy. Ghetto. Waste of time. I don't care if the are expanding!! Even the seasonal holiday stores (Halloween costumes, calendars etc) look better than this place!Don't let the word "outlet" fool you.... there isn't much to see here. A Levi's outlet... a Hot Topic outlet... discount Corningware... WHOOO!I'm actually sitting into the car writing this review right now while I wait for extended family to browse through this craphole. And that says a lot about how bad this place is, since I NEVER say no to shopping!!
1	While in town hopped the bus down to this mall, and I can say it as a waste of time.  Walked end to end nothing caught our interesting, and the food court was not very inviting ether, we left with nothing and have never been back.
4	Depending on your style or clothing preference, this outlet may be or may not be for you.  If you're more in to the higher type class clothing I suggest you head out to the premium outlet near downtown vegas but if you're in to surfing brands, good kicks, and skinny jeans, this place is for you.Levis is always having great discounts on their jeans so before you go paying for it full priced at the near by Town Square, this place is just about 5 min drive away and if you want to save, why not check it out.Quicksilver, Hurley, Billabong, and even Oneil are all here, so duuude come on braaaah, check these places out for totally awesome sales duuude.  Now for the kicks....Nike, Adidas, Converse and other great brand names are here too.  Im not really knowledgeable when it comes to how much these shoes should be compared to whats out there because all I buy are chucks so I can't really tell you whether the deals here are great or not.  This place isn't as nice or as big as the Premium but its really close to where I live and has all the stores I prefer and this is the reason for my 4 star.
4	I usually shop here during Christmas time since it's not as busy as other malls, but it's a hit or miss.  Sometimes you find what you're looking for and others you don't.  I like that they have better stores now than before.  My daughter loves the carousel so that's a plus since no other malls have that.  Their food court could use some updating.
1	Don't waste your time, there are no good shops here at all.  Try the Premium outlets, they seem much better from the store listings and from passing it on the freeway.
4	Once upon a time this was my favorite outlet mall.  However, in recent years it has gone downhill so I've been going to the Premium Outlet Mall in Downtown Las Vegas.  However, this Christmas shopping season I decided to stop by and do some shopping here since it was raining and the other mall is an outdoor mall.This mall is going under construction, which is a good thing because it needs a facelift.  Despite the slight inconvenience of the renovation, the shopping experience was pretty good.  I stopped by some old favorite stores that were still there and found a couple of new stores.  I'm glad I stopped by.Will I return?  Definitely after the renovation is complete.
4	I'm not much of a shopper but whenever I'm in Vegas & in the mood for shopping this is the place for me! There's a photography shop, lots of shoe stores to satisfy this shoe fiend & usually find great deals on clothes. The outlet is currently under construction which makes it a bit inconvenient to enter the mall.
2	I've been coming here since I was a kid and it is definitely not my favorite LV outlet, it's run down and the last time I was there is was getting a much needed overhaul. Because Nike is there I'll still stop here but it's only for Nike and then it's time to get back to doing other things. When we plan out the day of shopping in Vegas we will plan to get to the other outlet, the outdoor one when the weather is best. Once it's hot as balls outside we will stop in here to cool off in NIke and blow a few bucks and once we stop sweating in the summer or freezing from the winter we leave. Honestly the weather in Vegas sucks. No idea who wants to live there. I'll stick to visiting.
3	This outlet mall is at the bottom of the strip, near the rental car center. It used to be called Belz Outlets if I remember correctly. This outlet is ok. It is indoor and has a lot of stores to look at. They even have an Aeropostale and Dickies outlet. They may have a lot of stores, but only a few that I actually browse in. I do like the other outlet mall near downtown more since they have more stores and more stores that i personally shop in. This place does have a food court. All in all, if you are definitely looking for discounts and/or something in particular, check this place out. If you are on a trip and only have time to hit one outlet mall, I don't suggest it be this one. ^_^*~
4	Yep now they are getting that renovation that they sorely needed.  It should look like nice when they are done.  I went to a few stores here on my out of town and found some really good bargains...but then again EVERY TIME I come here I find good prices.  This is truly an OUTLET mall not like all the other fake ones out there!If this mall has a store you like you should check it out because you are likely to get a really good deal.  Whenever I'm in Vegas I try to come by here and do some shopping before heading home.
3	It looks tiny from the front door but it's pretty big once you're inside. Huge selection of stores. Be sure that you're actually in an outlet store before purchasing. Many of the stores are just normal retail stores and don't offer much in the way of discounts.The food court is quite small, I just figured there would be more of a selection. There was construction going on during my visit and they did a great job of keeping things nice and neat.
4	While people who have outlet stores near them may grant this venue a star or two less, I (as a person isolated from outlet malls) really appreciate this mall.It has a lot of stores and kiosks, although not all of the stores you'll find here are true "outlet" stores. The food courts are practically mirror images of each other, with pizza, subs, chinese food and a few other similar fast food spots on each side.Bring your walking shoes- and don't forget to check out the "Disney" outlet across the street.
2	Not my favorite of the outlets.. felt like I was at a westfield mall. Nothing too special.
5	The only Adidas Originals outlet store in the universe! End of story.
3	This was one of the first, if not the first outlet mall in Las Vegas. With that being said, it has seen it's better days. With a name change and some renovation it is looking less dilapidated, but it is not quite there yet. The new exterior and outside shops hide the eye sore of an inside. The going out of business sale for Harry and David brought me back, but it was a quick in and out process. The new outlets give off a similar feel to the Charleston Outlets, but smaller. With the addition of little embellishments and improvements on the inside, it might go back to it's former glory. The shops offer great deals, but driving a little bit further to the aforementioned outdoor mall is a better experience. You get to walk around outside, the cheap deals, the facilities are well maintained.
3	It looks like the Las Vegas Outlet underwent a "She's All That" makeover, it even threw away it's former name to have Premium attached to it. Improved exterior design but still retains it's sorta trashy and hollow (but much improved) interior. Added store infrastructure and shade on the front upgrade this strip mall from looking like North Las Vegas. It helps that they fronted Michael Kors ,True Religion, and Coach smack dab for everyone to see.  Smart move. Nothing says premium like Coach (jk!) . My biggest compliment has to be the much improved bathrooms. No longer cursed with fluorescent lighting, small space, lack of hand soap, and graffiti! Instead you have soft lighting, black furnishing, new toilets, and a cool hand drying machine. Much of the layout is still the same with all your familiar stores. South-end of the outlet is depressing with kiosks selling useless knick-knacks and LV tees and empty stores. Regardless, the developers and project managers have taken the right steps forward into improving this shit hole. It's a frugal alternative if your wallet cries at Town Square a few blocks north.
4	This place is like my favorite aunt. She may not be the prettiest or richest and she may not even be the best cook, but she's always there for you and sure knows how to make you feel good.When you show up to her house, make sure you arrive full, because you definitely don't want to eat her cooking. She may have two kitchens, but she doesn't know how to use them. But that's okay because she tries. She knows how to get you socks, underwear, and all your wardrobe essentials for cheap. She does have some unusual guests over that harass you while you explore her house (read: crazy kiosk people), but you have to take the good with the bad.Every now and then she shows up with something really stylish and you wonder, "where did she get that? I want one!" (Usually at Van Heusen, Perry Ellis, or Calvin Klein. Just saying.)
4	Lots of nice stores!!! Not to crowed!!!
4	Most is indoors so good for the hot days. Layout makes the place a little crowded, but has regular selection of "outlet" shops.
1	If you dont like fighting the crowd and an indoor shopping experience, this is the place to go. Other wise, this place sucks.  I'd rather go to the Premium outlets on the North end of LV. The selection at this outlet sucks, but I hear that change is on the way with some new anchor stores. BUT then again, thats what Obama promised the people, change...the kind thats in your pocket (shameless political jab)  I really didn't like this outlet, probably one of the "bottom 5" outlets I've been to.
4	now that the remodel is finished, i can give it 4 stars. they have lots of great stores now and still have awesome deals. Go visit the newly remodeled outlets if you haven't seen it since the remodel...so much better now. There are 240 stores now!
4	I'm soooo excited and anxious to stop by here on my next vacation in July/August.  It's because I didn't quite get to walk through the entire mall the last time I was here in March/April - and what I did experience, I liked.  This is awesome considering that I'm very picky about my clothing and the fact that I only reached half of the property before it was time to go (tip: don't go to factory outlets with family members who could care less about shopping).My favorite store (so far) is Burlington Brands.  Lots of cheap, basic stuff here for men and women.  I purchased two black blouses and one black dress for under $20.  I also like Calvin Klein Women's, since CK is one of my favorite brands.  I purchased two silk tops here with an added discount, due to signing up with the store's free mobile texting subscription.When it came time for lunch, I wasn't too hungry but I had the opportunity to experience Wetzel's Pretzels for the first time ever.  I have to mention that if it weren't for the fact that I was shopping at LVPOS at that moment in time, I probably would never have eaten here and therefore never have discovered how awesome their pretzels are (!!!)All in all, four stars for LV Premium Outlets - South.  This is to account for all of the above factors, and also due to the consistently friendly and helpful employees I encountered in every store.Countdown to my next visit!
3	Outlets are a hit or miss, depending what you're going for. They have a good alternative selection of brands (Element, Fox, Hurley, Vans, Converse, etc.) if you're into those brands, and also have other brands such as Coach, Charlotte Russe, and Windsor if you're into the others. The Outlets are a hit or miss because there are some stores you can get good deals on, and others are plain expensive. They just remolded everything from the outside in, so the interior/exterior decor is more modernized and cleaned up (which is always a plus). I believe the only major accredited store in the Outlets is Coach, and everything else is more of the secondary brands you hear that aren't top dogs but are still known. Still worth to give this place a browse through though, you might find something good.
3	Ehhh Its ok. I liked it before they remade it over. The deals were better before then too. The food court is still the same. And people in the kiosks are pushing stuff on you, that you clearly dont need. But as with everything look hard enough and you will find a deal hiding somewhere. Also if you dont want the food in the court. Good restaurants in the surrounding parking lot arent in short supply either.
3	I came here when it was Belz, but I see it's been all made-over like? Oh. Well.... Fine. Have it your way then, Belz. This place is (was?) ok, deals are to be had. It's not like one of those malls where you're like "uhh, isn't this meant to be an outlet? where the deals at?", it's legit deal-filled.However I do think Belz is a more memorable name. So I'm going to call it Belz.
3	Like everyone has said, not a great outlet but will do.  If you have limited time to shop while in Vegas I would suggest going to the North Outlet over this one.  If you're from the bay area its very much similar to the Great Mall but crappier.The ONLY reason I would come here is for the Nike Outlet.  Skip everything else inside.
4	Blew a tonne of money here, more than in the Casinos! Plenty of great shops and some ridiculously good bargains (although that was during the 4th of July sales). The food court is pretty OK.
2	Yelp 365 challenge: Review 001/365 (8/1/2011)What I've discovered today at LVPOS:Rain in Vegas makes a ridiculous amount of people flock to South (instead of the more popular North).Rain in Vegas makes my cell phone service act up, which in turn makes it a PITA to shop separately from my male friend (who checks out completely different stores than me).Rain in Vegas makes an outlet shopping experience less than stellar - especially when I can't walk around at my own pace or even use my cell phone!
3	Usually when I'm driving home from Vegas and traffic is backed up, I (like most people) pull over and go shopping. This time I had kids with me in Vegas, so naturally, I had Back to School shopping on my mind. So the day before we left, I hit up Las Vegas Premium Outlets. I outfitted the kids in the cutest outfits for 60-80% off. It may seem weird to have the kids trying on hoodies in 103 degree weather, but for 10 bucks it was worth the "Mom, you are crazy" look. We only covered half of the mall in 2 hours, but had a trunk full, so I considered it a success. I have 2 big problems with this mall, #1 the food courts are filled with crap choices. I'm sorry, but I'm not buying my kids sugar filled drinks, fried foods and lame excuses for "desserts". they basically sell carnival food. #2 A lot of the best stores only have access from the outer edge of the mall, which means no matter what the obscene weather, you have to brace yourself and walk around out there. Yuck.
4	Since the remodel this place has peaked. Less ghetto-fab, more let's go get some outlet priced Levis. The Nike store is legit, like kid in a candy store legit. I wish I had more time to meander and play, but tight schedules can mess with your shopping. Looking forward to going back when I've got more time to explore. It is kind of a looooong mall though. I think I like them stacked, as opposed to the scenic beige mile.But other than the architecture I've got no complaints.  I think they did a great job and I think it'll be worth the gas to coast the 215 and do some heavy duty shopping.
4	Once upon a time, this was the Belz Outlet Mall. Then it became the Outlet Center. Belz was cool, the Outlet Center was lame. Now, it's become the Premium Outlets of Las Vegas-South. Let me tell you, it is quite the impovement.The outside looks almost the same as the original Premium Outlets. Now the way it looks inside is still rather....stale. They need to work on that. That said, they do have a much better selection of stores now, with the already existing stores being vastly improved. The Niketown here is far better than the one at the North outlets in my opinion. This is also the area with the highest concentration of Dunkin' Donuts locations in Vegas, with two inside the mall and one in the parking lot. :D (There really aren't enough locations of those here). I'm really upset they closed the music store (Music 4 Less) though, one of the best music stores ever. Then again, they brought down the carousel that used to be at the Meadows Mall, so I suppose that's an improvement. The biggest problem with this mall is still there however: The layout. It's essentially a 0.5 mile long strip of a building. The thing that sucks most about this is parking at one end, having to go to a specific store, looking at the map and then realizing it's all the way at the OTHER end. At least it's an air-conditioned building you have to walk through but still. Thankfully, an expansion is being planned, hopefully they'll change up the layout in the process of the expansion so walking from one end to the other won't take 30 minutes. So after years of being lame in every possible way it's finally worthwhile to shop in this mall again. I can't wait to see what other changes are in store for it.
1	Blehhh. Not impressed. I allotted 3 hours to shopping here thinking it wouldn't be enough time.  Turns out that even 30 minutes is too much time. Since my ride isn't coming till 2.5 hours later, I'm now sitting here people watching and complaining. This must be how tortured men feel like with every forced mall experience.The stores and the merchandise seem super outdated (duh- it's an outlet, clothes come here to retire, but this is pretty bad). The crowd is unsightly, the restrooms have long lines, bad smells everywhere, I walked the entirety in 30 minutes.  I want to take a nap or go to a real outlet mall.
3	Outlet malls are a bit of a disappointment to me. There have been numerous times I have headed to the outlets after shopping at the 'normal' mall, and I've seen the exact same items from the 'normal' mall's stores sale racks at the outlet mall version of the store... This outlet mall in particular is guilty of this... Stores like Hot Topic, Aeropostale, Charlotte Russe and Guess are not going to land you any better deals then their locations at Galleria or Fashion Show Mall. However, the Calvin Klein, Vans and Adidas stores have been worth the trip for me in terms of finding killer deals. There are many overly pushy people working at kiosks that can be annoying. I have never seen anything at any of the kiosks I've even consider buying. The mall has been remodeled recently and it is indoors, which is a big plus when it comes to the hot summer months. The options for eating are very limited, however there are a few eateries outside the mall. As other reviewers have mentioned, this mall is pretty poorly laid out. It's basically a long strip mall.  There are stores that are only accessible from outside, and stores that are only accessible from the inside... I find that highly annoying.  If the weather permits, I absolutely suggest heading to Las Vegas Premium Outlets - North. The layout is better, there are fewer pushy kiosk vendors, and better deals to be found.
3	I'm just not a fan of malls of any kind, yes I know I'm a girl I should blah blah but I like going knowing what I want and where I want to get it from, came here to visit a friend that works here, it was a big outlet, bigger than the ones in LA that's for sure, it was dull and weird...never been to a mall that has rug...eh?
3	Didn't like it when it was Belz and dont' care for it now, but my mom likes corning ware and her kitchen stuff, so we do that here. Two different food courts. Get samples.
3	Not as many stores as Las Vegas Premium Outlets North, but stilll a great place to shop. Stores are all infoors, so great place to shop when it's either REALLY hot or REALLY cold & raining outside. Located only 3 miles from Mandalay Bay. I'll be back. :)
3	Formerly known as Belz. The newly instituted renovations include: combo carpet/floor inside (don't like this much), larger stores outside front and center, facing Las Vegas Boulevard- Fossil (this one has clothing), Coach, Anne Taylor Loft (yes!!! i love this store), Reebok, Rockport, True Religion, Under Armour, Gap, Michael Kors, and many others- this particular section is very nice (there are numerous benches with canopies to take a break). This indoor outlet mall has two food courts (bathrooms inside), a carousel, a customer service desk (get your discount booklet here), and bathrooms in the middle, as well.  The large Nike outlet store (excellent selection of shoes) is on the same side as Burlington Brands (cheap basics for men and women). On the other side, opposite, is the Vanity Fair outlet store (great for undies and bras). All the beach/surf brands are inside too, like Hurley, PacSun, RipCurl, Quiksilver, Billabong (love this store), Element, O'Neill,  & Volcom. A few other stores are worth looking at here too, like Windsor & Esprit (few stores in town). The aisles are packed with kiosks (those multi-wrap dresses, the massage group, the flat irons, the fake hair pieces, the miche bags)- get ready for the swapmeet hustle here, folks. During Christmas time, it's awfully hard to walk through here, when there are particularly lots of shoppers. I would suggest coming here pretty early or pretty late during the holidays. We go to Premium/North (open-air) quite a bit and on a regular basis, and find lots more deals there, especially at our favorite stores (Fossil/Quiksilver/Banana Republic/Disney/Harry & David just to mention a few stores). So of course, this mall edges out Premium/South. Overall, this is a clean mall, with regular maintenance being done (i see cleaning people all the time). I didn't notice any security guards the last few times we came here. There is ample parking space available. The best spots to park are in front of Burlington Brands and the VF outlet store (opposite ends). Also, there is more shopping and restaurants (Chipotle, Samurai Sam's, Tropical Smoothie Cafe, Chili's, and so many others) at two other sections (not attached to the mall). Our most recent visit was two days ago (and we went here the previous week, to check out the shoes at Nike). I'm anticipating the new Banana Republic store's opening November 1st.
4	I remember going to this mall when it was Belz mall. When it was Belz mall it was pretty mediocre, there were some shops I liked but others not so much. I preferred the Premium Outlet Mall in downtown instead although that one is an outdoor mall and I have been there when it was extremely hot and extremely cold and not fun. Anyway just came here for a visit the other day and it has totally changed. I think this outlet center is now owned by the same company as the one in downtown. Anyway, I am from Hawaii and they have all those lovely casual surf brands I dig. Hit up the Volcom store and browsed some of the other stores there. I so totally coming here when I have kids one day. Stocking up on their clothes at the beginning of the school year is my plan. Anyway, I think the mall is improving from when it was Belz mall. I much rather come to this indoor one instead of the one in downtown.
3	this is not the best Outlet shopping you'll ever experience... .but then again, what is?  it is Outlet shipping after all.....it has lots of good stores mixed up with a lot of crappy swap meet type stores.  its the mixed bag of outlet malls. my mother likes to come here when she visits Vegas (she calls it "Beltz" when it actually was "Belz").  apparently this placed changed from "Belz" to "Premium Outlets -South" - this little change confused the crap out of me b/c there are now South and North outlet malls.  there are 2 food courts, 1 large carousel for the kids, and plenty of opportunity to save money.... check it out, but do not expect "Forum Shops" quality....
2	Not as fancy as the "North" outlet, but it's all inside.There was an awesome store here 2 years ago where I bought fab shoes & purses, it was no longer there. This mall has lots of shoe stores, but I only found 1 pair of sandals. Not really any "big" anchor stores that would 'draw in the tourists' but it's relatively decent.
2	I wouldn't call this place an outlet - more like a mall with a variety of boutiques and very few actual outlet stores (ex. Michael Kors, Coach). As far as I can see, the prices of the boutiques are normal pricing, nothing "outlet" about it. It's just like going to Main Place or Westminster Mall (if you're from OC you would know)... how much cheaper can Charlotte Russe get right??? You can find better quality and deals at Nordstrom Rack.I go here if I forgot to pack some things; not to shop.
3	Its not the best outlet mall to shop at but its pretty decent. There is alot of parking but when its busy its hard to find. I frequent here only because when friends come to town this is the place they wana shop at. I wish the food court had more options but i guess we cant be to picky lol. Theres quite a few stores i will admit so it takes some time to walk the entire thing unless you know what you need and where you need to go.
3	Pretty big outlet, I didn't buy anything here. There wasn't much to see or find here in my opinion. I saw a lot of little souvenir shops and didn't see many stores that I would like to go to. Just isn't that great of an outlet to me.
2	Honestly......   (you know its not amazing when it starts out like that)   I really thought this place would be better.   There is really no flow to the shops inside, I couldnt locate a map to find the few outlets I was there to shop at and its an all out MADHOUSE in there.   It was actually kinda confusing when I got in there and there were just so many people everywhere.  I am fine with navigating through, but when you have to fight shoppers and the kiosk employees trying to shove ecigarettes and hand steamers in your face, its kind of challenging.  The selection of stores were good, but I sensed a common theme of we dont want to help you in the whole outlet center... EXCEPT, the tommy hillfiger store where I was treated like i was being suspected of shoplifting... (i used to work LP before and I know how they do it)   I am not sure if it was just the time that I was there or not, but I guess I will go back because they are the closest option for me outlet shopping wise.    maybe an update coming soon with better results... who knows?
3	Super crowded after Christmas, small walkways and lots of people make for a clausterphobic mall. No like.  You can tell this place needs some SERIOUS remodeling. The only things that was good were the deals inside some stores.  BUT a lot was picked over. Next time we will go to the North ones.
2	Maybe I'm just not a sucker for brand names...but I am so not impressed with this place. There are tons of middle of the aisle carts with vendors trying to entice you to buy things.The only one I may have stopped for is the massage!I went into the hat store looking for a few special hats, they had one i was looking for, and it seemed over priced, so i didn't buy it.I also stopped in a kitchen supply store, and it was awesome, but this was the only store that was awesome. If you need anything kitchenesque, this is the place!Other than that, I left shortly after arriving.
2	Formally known as the BELTZ Outlet, the LV Premium Outlets South is quite an understatement.The only places that they've got going for them are:- Coach- Nike- Michael Kors- Gap & Banana RepublicThey've done an upgrade to the place, although the interior still needs to be worked on. There are a couple shops that I feel don't even belong as an outlet store. I feel that most of the places here are just last year's items or merchandise made specifically for outlets to sell. Like they just put a nice brand name label to unworthy quality of goods!Like all malls, they have independent kiosk shops that sell frou frou items that nobody ends up purchasing! Pillow pets?! Hair straighteners?! Massage?!Overall thought: Just be cautious purchasing items at outlet stores, it might be best to take your money elsewhere for decent quality than a cheap-made-for-outlet-item that will only be worth 2-3 wears before it gets worn down. I prefer the Charleston Outlets (off the 15) over this one.
2	This outlet lies way south of the strip and is easily accessible by bus if you don't have car.As for the mall its in decay like many places in Vegas. I got a dimly lit old feel when I walked in.Plenty of shops to go around but the prices aren't any better from the north branch outlet of this outlet.Food court is just a ragtag of chain fast food food joints. Nothing special to try here.If you are looking for outlet prices I would recommend driving all the way down to Primm Valley outlets.
4	Love this place, you can find some crazy deals here!!!
3	Lots of stores.  A decent food court.  And many restaurants to choose from in the parking lot.  The Under Armour store is awesome.
5	Everything is so cheap here compare to the big malls.. I really enjoy shopping here especially when it hits BLACK FRIDAY lol
3	Lots and lots of options for store outlets, which is great for those that are shopping fiends.  It's a fair mix of tourists and locals that come here on any given day.  The restrooms at the south end are the cleanest.  The food courts serve their function. It can get very, very crowded, so if you do not like crowds (I don't), make sure to mentally prepare yourself for that (like I do).  The parking lot is extensive, and it too can get packed, particulary around major holidays.  All in all, a pretty good outlet mall.
5	This is the BEST outlet mall I have ever been too! It was a little packed but it is outlets so that is expected. Great deals tons and tons of stores from high end spots to normal spots. I could be there from open to close
3	Well all I really have to say about this outlet versus the north one. Less high end shops but it's inside which is nice during the summer.
3	Update: The SDX goes straight here. Before you had to take the Deuce. Many stores but deals are so-so. Two food courts is a plus. Other than that, nothing special. Still a place to check out.
3	Let's go SHOPPING! ^_^  Compared to the Charleston outlets these are more up my alley (read: typical Joe Shmoe) with some haute shops sprinkled in.  Plus it has the Lane Bryant outlet for my fellow big girls!
4	since the remodel this place is jumping....i like the new shops
4	We decided between North and South and went with South after looking at the listing.  It's pretty easy to get to rather than deal with downtown.  Also, shops look more affordable than your Gucci and other high end stores.  The place looked pretty decent.  I found the Ralph Lauren Polo store and Brooks Brothers to have really nice deals for Memorial Day.  My mom found a belt at the Banana Republic.  We tried looking for an Eddie Bauer but no luck here.  Interesting stores here with Volcon and other brands which I haven't seen.  It takes a while to walk from one end to another.  Other stores on outside hard to access in this indoor mall.  But, at least it's all indoors and you don't have to battle weather, etc.  There is an Annex to this outlet which has Disney stuff for real cheap, Saks Off the 5th, and some other local stores.  Other stores are wicked expensive for usual touristy stuff like ponchos and leather goods.  There is a random apparel store with heavily discounted Disney and hats with no logos and T-shirts with some random stuff on it.  I think the store owner got these shirts and stuff for dirt cheap and now off-loading for less than $10.
4	I'm not much for shopping, I do not like to just stroll down the mall and window shop.  I'm the kind a gal that likes to go to one store and be done, get in and get out.  I have my list or I know what I am looking for and go for it.  So this mall is hard for me to go with shopping in mind.  My husband and I usually go when relatives are here from out of town and we go just to keep them company.We usually go in at one end, while my husband moves the car around to the other end so we walk one way and hit the car without having to double back.  One thing I do not like is the kiosk vender's.  The are in your face wanting to sell you something.  They do not take a gentle "no thank you" and I am not one to be mean.  There are a few good stores I usually hit, especially if I am looking for shoes, but, I get a better deal shopping on line.Most of the stores have been around for a while, but it's refreshing to see some change.  Overall, a good place to shop, if you're into that!
4	The location is out dated, but the stores are very modern & actually provide a discount. For me, it was well worth it as all the shops I would go to are there like Quicksilver, Zumiez, Pac Sun, Volcom, Hurley, etc.I could spend all day trying to find deals :) I think it's better then Primm & Barstow.
2	First of all, I don't like outlets and I am not huge on shopping.  The fact that this place does not get 1 star should be an accomplishment.There are a good number of stores here and at least it is indoors so we can go during the summer months.  Also, they did just open a Disney Store for the little ones (or maybe it has been there and we just made it that far down).  There are a decent number of chain restaurants in front of this mall like, Buffalo Wild Wings, and Five-Guys so it isn't a total loss.
4	Always stop here because we always find great deals at this store. My husband picked up a watch at Kenneth Cole that was 40% off. A great deal. The gentleman helping us was so nice, well dressed and very helpful with our purchase.We got great deals at the Ecko Unlimited store. Picked up some shorts for $19.99 and graphic t's for $9.99, cant go wrong.
4	Hm.  I don't see why the lower review.I didn't even know about this outlet... only the north one.  This one is better for one main reason.  IT'S INDOORSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.  Indoors = AC = happiness in Vegas.That is all.Actually, parking is much better than the other outlet as well :)That is all.
3	The only reason I come to the South location, is that it is indoors loli find the selection is better at the North...not to put the South location down, there are some great stores here, and deals to be had...but i do my Boxing Day shopping at the North location. South is a good way to burn a few hours during the heat of the day...
4	I was first introduced to this mall by friends on a Black Friday a few years back.  Since then I have stopped in at least once a year.  For friends from Phoenix it is about twice as big as the outlets at Anthem and the yet to open Outlets at Westgate, and it is indoors!  While mostly geared towards clothing and accessories there are a few kitchen places and during the holiday season a couple of specialty food stores.  I won't go in to detail about how much money I have spent here over the years. :-)
1	I hate this mall. It is a tourist trap, the mall and the parking lot are always crowded, the mall has some sort of artificial smell. Only reason I come here is to go to Adidas.
3	Things I would rather do than be in a strip mall:--going to the dentist--getting kicked in the stomach--read "FIfty Shades of Gray" (and that's really bad)Things that would lead me to flee to a strip mall:--The StripSorry, not a fan of windowless casinos with no signs that hint at time of day/decade or directions (when you're trying to cut through and get hopelessly lost). A Las Vegas conference took me to The Strip, and by day two I felt so smothered by the imitation cultures, I took a 15-minute bus ride to the outlets. Yes, an outlet felt more real to me than The Strip, which has all kinds of meta-irony.I was also driven by a long denied necessity of buying a new pair of pants, because I had apparently packed on a paunch. Most of the stores were a bust for me, but the standouts were Kitchen Collections (be warned, prices are department store rate not outlet, but a good one-stop shop for gifts), Rack Room Shoes (flats that aren't orthopedic looking, buy one get the second half off), Banana Republic (found my black light-weight pants for $11, what?, as well as work and even night-appropriate pants for $35), and Guess (another lightweight pair of black pants, these linen for $25). The mall appears to be adding more storesMinimal exciting options at the food court, but a thumbs up for the Dunkin Donuts booth: I ordered an iced coffee and just one munchkin (or whatever they call their donut hole), and the guy said, "oh just give it to her, it's not worth charging." He probably noticed I was sucking in my paunch and felt sorry for me, but that was very sweet.
4	Pretty big outlet. I am happy with the selection of stores here. I walked into Charlotte Russe, Nike, Adidas, Sketchers, Dr. Scholls, another shoe store that I can't remember the name to, and a tux shop. Employees in these stores were nice especially the guy in the Dr. Scholls. He pointed me in the right direction for a particular shoe at a tux shop. Good amount of food selection as well. There is a carousel for the kids to ride.
3	Hmmm. Puma and Vans!.....  What can I say Imma shoe freak!
4	I have been coming to these outlets since they used be called Belz. Honestly, I still call them that most of the time and probably won't stop any time soon. They have had a lot of renovation of this mall over the years and the result is positive.I always enjoy perusing the stores and kiosks when I'm in the area. Not a huge fan of having the mall split up between the main portion and the annex, since I have to get back in my car and repark if I want to check out any of the stores on the side. Overall, I enjoy this outlet mall quite a bit and have been frequenting it quite a bit more lately since I work in the area.
3	A decent indoor outlet shopping experience.  They have the basics: Calvin Klein, Adidas, Ann Taylor, and Guess, but I think the selection is better in the North location.
5	thank you for las vegas premium outlets for upgrading this indoor mall!!! finally the renovations are done and shopping is very convenient now. they have added more stores and there is two foods courts for customers to enjoy!!
4	We live close to the outlets so we find ourselves here every once and awhile.  This place can get packed from all the tourists.  The corridors are very narrow so it feels a little smaller than it really is.  This place is hit and miss when it comes to the prices.  Sometimes you can walk into a store and find some good deals.  We treat this place more like a mall than an outlet center.  It always fun to go walk around and check out the different stores.  The have a big carsoul in it too.  So we always take my daughter for a ride.  This is also a place to walk a few laps if you eat at a restaurant next to it.  If you are in Vegas or if you live here and have visitors then you have to bring to the outlet mall.  Don't get me wrong there are some good deals here.  Cheers!
3	Compared to the North Premium Outlet Mall this one is a bit of a letdown.  They recently remodeled the exterior and added some new stores, but the interior is just as old, dated and dodgy as ever.Do yourself a favor and just head to the North Premium Outlet Mall.If you have been to the North Outlet Mall and didn't find what you needed there then perhaps head to this location - I do this for the Adidas and Timberland stores, but I then leave as quickly as possible.The best part of this mall is that there are a bunch of restaurants between the mall and Las Vegas Blvd (still in the parking lot for the mall) - our favorite is Chipotle, but there are a bunch of choices.
5	This outlet has come a long way from what I remember it to be from the 90s and even compared to when I first moved to Vegas. They have better stores now (as far as what my family and I are interested in) they've added: Polo Ralph Lauren, Lucky Brand, Coach, Original Adidas Store, Nine West INSIDE the mall itself so that I don't have to toture myself having to walk all the way over to the other one in the freaking heat.Lately the selection has been a lot better at this outlet than the one on Charleston. But the best part about this outlet is that it's INDOORS! I mean, I love to shop, but that 110 degree weather in the summer is enough to slow my butt down and stop spending money... Maybe that's a good thing?Another comparison that I noticed with this outlet to the one on Charleston is that there are. Plenty of places to eat. Granted, they may not be well known vendors nor may they be that good but at least when you need to refuel, you have different parts of the mall that you're able to sit down and get your grub on. There happens to be a few well known fast food and sit down restaurants outside of the mall: Raising Canes, Chili's, etc. This outlet and the one out at Primm are my favorites.The End.
4	Great place to stop and rest. Oh, and get some shopping done too.
4	Although I feel these outlets are a little on the low end, they do have a wide variety of shops.  Levis, Guess, Gap, Coach, Nike...etc......Its a pretty big mall but could use some revamping.  Lots of parking!I do feel like the prices here are not much of a discount to the original stores.
4	A good recommendation for people who travel and visit Las Vegas and is looking for fair price on things to shop for. They have a wide variety of shops from your favorite Michael Kors, Coach, and Fossil. They also have great shoe stores like ALDO, Shoe Rack, and more. If you're also lookign for luggage to purchase last minute and for a decent price, I'd go here. They have a full selection with more than one store to choose from, and they are all at a decent price. You can also expect to find fashion stores for your lovely teenagers and for you youngin's out there looking for a quick go to clubbing outfit like Charlotte Russe, Wet Seal, and Rue 21. You can also find swim shops like PacSun, Rip Curl, Hurley, and more for your last minute swimsuites for the day clubs. They are year round so you'll always find swimsuits. Definitely a great recommendation and a local find if you're looking to shop big without burning a huge hole in your pocket!
3	I think I went  here several years ago and I went back again during my latest Vegas trip.  I heard there's better bargains at the SOUTH, as opposed to the north outlet mall.  I had pactically forgotten how this place was and which stores they had, but this mall's OK.  There's definitely nothing upscale about it.  Just a basic outlet mall and close to the swap meet type appearance on the inside as you're walking through it.  I did find some black ankle boots from the Hush Puppies store there.  I like that they had a Dr. Scholl's shoe store there!  They have 2 food courts too.  By the way, I have never seen a New York & Company Outlet store, but this place has it.  Overall, I want to give it 2.5 stars.
2	The only reason they got 2 stars is because of the few stores that I go to here. I always find a sale or a deal that I wasn't expecting. As for everything else, it's just not good. I do not like to go to places that make me feel like a foreigner in my own town. If you pay close attention, all the people around you are speaking another language. The kiosk people basically stalk you and there's always the off chance you will run into a belligerent crackhead screaming in the hallway. This describes my recent experience....As we were walking toward the kitchen store, we heard a commotion that ended up being a dude that had legit lost his mind. He was yelling at a guy who he didn't know about being touched inappropriately. Somehow his shirt ended up being taken off and the dude was raging mad and pacing back and forth yelling and screaming. I was nervous except that he had so little clothing on that I could tell he had no gun. His body was covered with pock marks and he took his belt off saying that someone was doing heroin behind the dumpsters and he found that belt back there to prove it. After drawing a crowd and a few people recording the fiasco on their iphones, Metro came and carted him away. I wouldn't doubt it being on youtube.com in the near future. Locals: avoid if possible, and if you do come here, try not to make a day out of it. Get in, and get out!
3	There were quite a few stores at this Premium Outlets, but I found the Las Vegas Premium Outlets - North had better stores.  The good thing was that this outlet is close to the hotels on the strip so the taxi fare will only be about $15-18.The sales were good, but you really had to scan the racks.
4	Large selection of stores and it's inside unlike the North mall.  Plenty of parking and easy access from the 15.
2	I'm starting to lose all interest in this location due to the dismal customer service I've received on a number of occasions. My most recent experience made me want to forbid all visiting guests from visiting this outlet. At check out, an employee of the Adidas store informed me that the item I wanted to purchase would be 50% off on President's Day. When I returned the following day, another visit solely to purchase the item, that particular employee was not present and the manager refused to honor his (mis)representation. Additionally, she appeared as flippant and unapologetic. I won't be going back!
3	The best thing about this outlet is that it is indoors so there is air conditioning!!  It is great to come here during the hot summer months.The selection of stores here is not as good as the other outlet in town.  Still, that helps keep the crowds away so you can find good parking here.I like walking around and browsing while my wife shops away.  There are deals to be found if you look hard enough.Overall, the outlet is not bad.  It could use a makeover though.  Also, a better selection of restaurants at their food courts is needed.
3	This is really a 3.5 star rating for me. I liked this outlet too. We hit it on our way back to LA. Its right next to Buffalo Bills of teh 15 and easy in and out. That said, it has a large parking lot with no parking issues. It is very nice indoors and not crowded at all. We hit Williams Sonoma, Charlotte Russe, Coach, Juicy Couture, Bally, Nike, and Tommy Bahama. Easy to navigate. Good stores. Juicy Couture and Mike were better here than at North.
2	A place is only good as its bathrooms are clean. That's what I always say. If bathrooms are filth, the place is not worth patronizing. Every time I have been here, I will my bladder into expanding itself so I can avoid the restrooms. Today, I could not. The bathroom needed serious attention, and I left the mall shortly thereafter because I felt a film forming on my skin just by being in the place. The stores themselves are fine. A lot of them have student discounts (I'm still a student of my 3-years-ago alma mater, don't tell nobody) so be sure to ask if you are a student or a cheater like me.
3	For tourists this place is fine and dandy, there's a good mixture of upscale and regular retail stores which caters to tourists. Lots souvenirs and merchandise emblazoned with the "Las Vegas" logo can be found here at discount prices. The facade of this outlet has undergone major renovation and looks great! Shopping outdoors along the Promenade area has been added. Under Armour, Fossil and Coach stores were relocated to larger retail space out here. There are benches and shaded areas where you can just sit out and chill. Im not fond of the long and narrow layout of this outlet's indoor area. It can get really packed in and harder to maneuver your way around. That and the long corridor is a pain. If you want to backtrack to another store that's at the other end, better learn how to dodge the kiosks selling snake oil. Some of those salespeople can be really annoying. For locals it's A-OK. Back in the day when shopping for back to school clothes for the kids it was cool. They have some good discounts to get you in the door.   Although now  I find most of the retail "outlets" selling in season merchandise at retail price so it's pretty much a waste of time if you are coming here to score a bargain. But if you're looking to refresh that favorite shirt that you got your husband one season ago or silverware or plates that have been discontinued,  you are bound to find it here. Then maybe it's worth your time. Other than that there's nothing really special or spectacular that would draw me to go shopping here any longer.
3	I just do not like this outlet should not even be called an outlet. Not that many stores, and compared to the other outlets near and around Vegas, I would say pass on this small one and visit the others for sure!Just a shopping tip from an infamous shopper :)
4	always a good therapy... shopping
3	Nowhere near as good as the outlet in Primm or The North location but worth the stop nonetheless.there are not as many upscale outlets, more mainstream but there are still great deals to be found.It doesn't get as full here and there is parking all around with many entrances.Anything is better than paying retail or inflated strip shopping prices, so get your shopping fix at any of the 3 great Vegas outlets!
3	It is an ok outlet mall. It has gotten much better over the past few years with their interior and outer remodel.  The stores have improved as well. There used to only be 2 stores I liked there, but now there are dozens I enjoy. If you do go, stop by the customer service desk in the food court to pick up a coupon book. They are free if you have an AAA or AARP membership card. Otherwise I think they are $5, but usually worth it.  The staff will let you look at it first to see if the stores you want are in the book.
5	It's a really great place from what you can expect from an OUTLET. Compared to some other outlets and malls I have seen (and I have seen ugly ones), it is pretty decent. If you want to save money, you can't really be picky about how the place looks. Sales are pretty good, especially around the holidays. This place should get better reviews than it has.
2	These outlets still need work, the outside stores are better than the ones inside but I would say go to the location on the north end of the strip.
4	Ok, so this place is not as classy or swanky as its Northern Brother. But does that stop it from having a Brooks Brothers or  Ralph Lauren? Nope they are proudly there, across the hall from each other. Overall this place has all the things an outlet mall should have; Soft Pretzels/A Food Court/ Great Buys/ Foxy Israeli Women selling Dead Sea Products (That's for those of you who don't care about soft pretzels). Plus it is indoors, so it is great for those rainy days or for when the temperature gets above 100. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	There are 2 outlet centers in Las Vegas, the NORTH and the SOUTH.I've been to both.  If you're from or familiar with Southern California, to compare I'd say the NORTH is similar to Camarillo or Palm Desert.The SOUTH is similar to Ontario Mills or The Citadel.The NORTH is an outdoor shopping area, it has more stores as well as higher end (brand names) stores.  The SOUTH for the most part is an indoor mall, and has a mixture, 'tho if I had to summarize, has more working class type retail stores.Parking is difficult at the NORTH, they have a parking structure that's covered.   Parking seemed easy over at the SOUTH.The shopping clientele seems be comprised of more visiting tourists (and foreign ethnic)  at the NORTH and more locals (and urban ethnic) at the SOUTH. I like the SOUTH Premium Outlets because it's indoors.  They do have a Hugo Boss, Banana Republic and other stores here, similarly to that of the NORTH outlets too.The selection isn't as diverse, nor as prestigious as the North Outlets, but I'd say if you have the time to go to both, it's worthwhile.  However, if you only had time to go to one, I'd say the North is a tad better for my purposes.
3	I wish this had more walking space. I hate feeling crowded and moving for everyone walking by. The stores are decent. I only really checked out NIKE and new balance(which sucks for selection)I'd say worth the trip if you like other stores, theres other places to shop in vegas.
3	This is an outlet mall. It's absolutely swarming with tourists. I find the selection of stores far superior to that of the North outlets, but at least at the North you can be outside and not crammed in with everyone. The bonus is that there are two completely separate food courts, so at least some people are spaced out. The major con is that there are pagodas all along the center of the walkway, and the people try to put lotions or perfumes on you, clean your shoes or curl your hair. Not my thing at all.
3	Hugo Boss here is not that good. It lacks many things especially accessories.
4	This place is monstrous.  Reminded me of the Camarillo Outlets in California. This is a great outlet mall.  Yes, the typical stores.  But so many more that you can definitely find bargains.  I went to the Van Heusen store and got me a couple of pairs of very nice shorts for the summer for 1/3 the price of the shorts at Nike.  Yes, both are nice and Nike makes a great product, but so does Van Heusen.I went during a weekday and it wasn't too crowded.  I guess if I went on a weekend it would be packed.  If you haven't been here, or been here in a while, check it out.  Good stuff here.
4	The south is the same as the north but inside and air conditioned.  If your here to really shop bring a suitcase. Actually buy the suitcase here. They're cheap too. Great brands at big savings. Spent a day here. Filled a suitcase. Enough said. Only reason not 5 because everything is not quite as cheap as people are saying. Remember tax goes on top in the U.S.
4	June 3, 2013Found my son Pumas that were originally $60 on sale for $30, so that was nice. Went to Disney store and found a Mickey trading pin for 3.99 heh heh heh, made me and my lanyard VERY happy!!!!!Took the SDX bus from the strip here.  $14.00 per person for 24 hour ticket.
5	I'm going out on a limb on this one.  But, out of all the malls that we have in Vegas, this is my favorite one. In fact, I would say that this is one of the best "mall" I have ever been to in my entire life.Many of you have been to a mall at some point in your life. What I hated most about going to the mall was the fact that everything is overpriced. LVPO-S is basically the same setup as a classic mall, but everything is discounted.  Another great thing about this place is that it has all the good brand name stuff that we go to at a mall for (clothing, jewelry, shoes, and food), and it does not have the "filler stores" (you know what i'm talking about, Shoe Palace, Cellairis, Fanzz etc.)This time I went to the Skechers store to find some work shoes. Being an outlet store, these stores are somewhat bigger and carry a larger selection than their regular retail outlets. They had the size and model that I wanted that the retail store didn't carry, and they were about 33% cheaper, possibly more. I was satisfied.A lot of people complain about going to outlet stores because it's not as "new" as the ones in their retail stores. Hey, it's your money and you can buy whatever you see fit for yourself. But for me, I'm not going to be hanging out with Paris Hilton on the weekends or rubbing elbows with the Bieber Fever. Besides, anything you buy new at a regular mall will be "out of style" within a few months. I usually shop on Amazon and ebay now, but if I needed to shop for something, and if my computer and cell phone were down, I would go here. Without a doubt. :D
3	Not much of an outlet type pricing all the stores seem to be a regular mall price with maybe 20% saving and if your lucky 40%.  I only came here for the Michael Kors outlet which was very crowded.  The only sale they had were the clearance purses that nobody wanted & trying to get rid of.  If you want a cute purse you are paying full price.  The people working there are a little pushy and will only offer you a 20% discount if you buy an accessory.  I was not at all impressed with this outlet mall.  Sorry I wasted the $26 plus tip taxi cab ride to this place.
1	Came here on 7/5/13. This mall is cramped and decent, at best. Stores are so blah that it's boring to shop there. Also, NEW YORK & COMPANY is a joke. Here's why: My gf tried on a few things that when she came out to ask me what I thought, a few employees whispered in each others ears and laughed. It took SOOOO much effort not to say something. Instead, I took the bracelet my gf wanted to buy and put them aside. I WASN'T going to let her spend a penny in that shit-hole. In fact, I wanted to get the clothes she tried on and wipe the floor with them. But I took the high road bc what can I do to those employees who laughed at us? They work at New York & Company making $8.00 an hour. So I ultimately have the last laugh. Losers!
5	When I came here every shop had a sale for at least 50% if not more I got some great pants and shirts and they have all my favorite shops. My girlfriend enjoyed it too as they had a lot of the stores she really loves.
3	The divier of the 2 Premium Outlets in Las Vegas, although this one has some decent stores too. The good thing about this mall is that it never gets too crowded and parking is rarely a hassle. There are also plenty of great restaurants in the area to eat at if you want to take a break from shopping. It is also the closest outlet mall to the strip if that's where  you're staying!
3	Used to be called LVOC....not the most happening outlets, but I am a low-key, simple gal, and just enjoy the hunt for a bargain. Got a few great deals, and purteeee happy to have come upon them too!Take Deuce to get there; cinch.Good enough for me....this is not super high end. Warning...
4	Great outlets!
3	I didn't know there was a "north" and "south" so hopefully I'm reviewing the right one.Came here for some shopping, there are stores similar to the outlet mall at Waikele, but this mall is bigger and indoor.There weren't many stores I wanted to stop in since there are a lot back home. Tried out some places and if you look, you can find good deals.
3	Public service announcement: This place gets CROWDED.  And now back to your regularly scheduled review. Oddly, I'd never been here before yesterday.  I really do like the outlets on the north end and never had a reason to come to these.  But I figured I'd give them a shot after getting some flooring bids in the area.  I couldn't even walk through this place it was so damn crowded!  There are quite a few stores here but the assortment doesn't seem as good as the ones on the other end.  There are some more "high end" outlet stores at the other one.  This one does have one big plus on a hot July day - most of it is INDOORS.  Oh, sweet air conditioning.  Can't see a reason I'd come back here.  My AC works well at home when I'm shopping online and there are no crowds there.
3	Decent outlet mall.  The vendors in the middle aggressively trying to sell their items are a bit annoying.  If I want your crappy cell phone case I'll ask for it, otherwise get out of my face! lol  The north location is no different, just hotter since it's outside.  If I had to choose I would probably choose this one due to the air conditioning, but the north location is a little bit nicer with a few higher end stores.
2	Women of Color beware!!!  Calvin Klein's outlet has a Blond Haired Asian employee who will NOT greet you, nor ask if you need assistance. She will assist if you are Caucasian. Pandora's Asian shoppers blatantly clutched their purses when this well dressed AA female approached the store. Unbelieveable...this served as a reminder that even other Minorities harbor Stereotypes/Prejudice.
3	Nice place to kill some time (if you need to) like we did before our flight home.+ It's air conditioned+ Lots of places to eat (food courts inside, restaurants like IHOP, Outback, Chilis, Chipotle, etc. outside)+ A lot of shops that we don't have at home+ Since it's an outlet mall, MOST of the stores offer decent prices+ There's a carousel.  Our little ones spotted it (it's huge, so it's kind of hard to miss) and immediately had to ride it.  It was a nice diversion, but at $3.00 a ride it was a bit pricey.+ Lots of parking- I don't like to shop :-(
4	Great prices and quality stuff. I got new work clothes and the always under rated underwear and socks. I got a great haul for about $350. Most of the pants I got were under $20 and the polo shirts the same. Next time I want to go to the high end stores. My friend got some great deals.
3	I love to hate this mall, it is always so crowded with tourists, tourists that are rude and have no idea how to walk the halls of a shopping mall. If you are a local, go at night.... An hour before closing and you are lucky enough to get in and out with everything you need, less the stress of the people that stop right in front of you, elbow you, smell funny Etc.You are sure to get a deal but watch for the return policy, seems they have a stricter policy in place than if you are to visit the same store outside this mall. Also, if you want deals, pick up the magazine near the map..... It has coupons in it.
4	We always make an attempt to stop by to check out what is in store when we are in the neighborhood. We like a lot of the stores in this outlet mall so we always have a good chance in finding something we are looking for! We noticed this time that the cart vendors were not so aggressive and pushy this time as we strolled through the mall. It was actually a peaceful stroll from store to store for us. I wonder if someone said something to them or complained, or maybe they were simply all tired? It was a major difference this time as in past visits where we would be mobbed by every cart vendor. Anyhow it was refreshing to be left alone because, No I don't want my ring cleaned... No I don't want to ruin my nails by testing your magic nail polish...No I don't want to watch you iron and press a shirt...No I don't want you to ruin my makeup with a crappy facial in public because your cleanser will not magically make me look or feel younger....catch my drift?My honey bunches of oats loves DC so I enjoy checking out the Lids store for new DC caps for him. This visit we hit the jackpot at The Converse store (see review).This outlet mall is worth checking out for sure as there is a lot of great merchandise for a fraction of the cost indeed!I am very kinky.
2	Honestly, the only thing that REALLY kills the great shopping experience that you could have here is the numerous kiosks lined up in the middle with obnoxious sales people coming up in your face, trying to find a way for you to come and buy their overpriced product. Normally there's enough space for you to keep your distance and avoid them if you're not interested but there isn't enough space since their kiosk is right in the middle of the already narrow walkway. In addition to that, my little sister was persuaded to try getting her eyebrows threaded by one of the kiosks and the girl was telling us how she had years of experience and what not. My little sister said the lady's technique was ten times more painful than her first experience with threading and her eye brows were not even even and she had made one eyebrow noticeably thinner than the other. Definitely not going back to this mall next time I'm in Vegas!
3	Good prices and options or shopping. Of course if you're looking for stylish clothes this may not be the place but good for general shopping.
2	No interesting stores.
3	This mall is a little outdated. I'm not exactly sure how long it's been around, but my dad would take my brother and me here when we were kids to go back to school shopping. It must have said a lot about this mall because back then we had no car and had to bus it. It felt like half a world away.So fast forward to present time. Coincidentally, I work here now and yet I still live half a world away. The mall has changed its name and its look. More shops have opened. As far as outlets go, you'll probably find a store you are looking for. If not, you can drive a couple of blocks down the street to Town Square.The food options here kind of suck, but if you don't see anything you like, there is a plethora of restaurants to choose from in the same shopping complex. Because this is an outlet that is located close to the strip, a lot of people who come here are tourists. Some of the stores are understaffed and the customer service is nothing to rave about unless you go into a store like Coach or Michael Kors.The parking lot is big, but can sometimes be a nightmare, especially during the holidays. This mall is an indoor mall, which can be a bit of a relief in the summer time. However, some stores are only accessible through the outside and do not connect with the inside of the mall. If it's not too hot out, I prefer the North Outlet.
2	Reg: Online OrderI have always had wonderful help at Dress Barn. I came across a leather jacket online and decided for the first time to order online. I was so excited and the price wasn't bad. I was given a tracking number so I could keep track of my package. I had them do in store delivery 1 because shipping was cheaper and to if it didn't fit it would be easier to ship back.  Well, it arrived in Vegas, but never went to the store. The next thing I new Fed Ex was shipping it back to OH. I called the number online to see what I could do. I was told that there was nothing they could do once the order came back to the warehouse I would receive a refund, but I could re-order except the Jacket was out of stock. I said no it isn't its in the box with my name on it. I tried seeing if I could get it somehow through Fed Ex since they still had it.  Come to find out when you select the stores location for shipment there is no Suite number, so it never got delivered cause they didn't know where it was to go. It's been a month and half and I am still waiting for my refund. I just want people to know before they make an online purchase. You don't want it going to the store or you will never see it. They weren't that helpful either.
5	get their $5 coupon good.  lots of valid discounts.
5	Everytime I go to Vegas, I always come to this outlet. There's always something reasonable to spend your money for. I like going here than gambling, whether you spent your money here or not, you are still a sure winner.
5	I been to the North outlet I like this one better because it is more like the mall indoor rather than out door...!I will be back...!
4	I like coming to this outlet. Doesn't seem as busy as the one off of Charleston even though there is a store or two that they don't have. Parking can be a bit crazy but a little walk never stopped me from shopping here.
3	I have been to these outlets ever since they were called Belz and as a matter of fact I still call them that to this day. But anyways onto what I think about this outlet mall. First of all, I have seen it grow into a pretty diverse compilation of stores over the years. It really does have a variety of shops to choose from and if your looking for something the chances are good that you'll find it here.There are a few cons about this outlet mall though. What bothers me the most is that it always seems that I have horrible internet connection while inside. I wish someday they could correct this or at least provide a free wifi service inside this outlet like a lot of places do these days. Also, I hope someday they can provide a better selection of eateries inside the food courts. I don't remember the last time I even got anything to eat inside and I've been here plenty of times. We opt just to eat right outside the outlets as there are plenty of better options including restaurants to choose from.
4	You need to go to both north and south outlet malls.  I personally like this outlet mall more because it's not as picked over as more popular north mall and an inside mall.  The Nike store was fully stocked and this outlet has a fully stocked Under Armour store.  The food court is bigger and better here too.  Another tip is the Puma store here has a bunch of Ferrari jackets and accessories.
4	I like this place. Has my sean john, nautica and ecko cheap clothes. My wife and i shop the whole mall looking for good deal. Always leave with bags from here. My favorite mall in vegas, no show all go. Must go if you are on a budget, or just like getting stuff cheaper than other malls.
3	This place has a little bit of everything. From high end brands to brands you've never heard of. Majority of the stores are inside and a few are outside. It does get pretty crowded here even when you are just walking around - window shopping.
4	I used to not be a fan when this mall used to be the Las Vegas Outlet Center or even Belz (for those of us Vegas veterans). Ever since it became Premium Outlet it has gotten 10 x better. They added major stores like MK, Guess?, True Religion, and Puma. There really is no need to visit the North outlet unless you need something from Burberry, Tory Burge or Diesel, which is awesome since the parking and convince of this mall is way better. Not only that it is easier access going here for tourists and is also a safer area. This mall in general is a bit more spacious unlike the north which feels crammed. South outlet definitely has a lot going for them, I think the major down fall is the food court options but thankfully Canes, Tropical Smoothie and Chipotle are all located just outside in the front. I definitely come here for my outlet shopping, particularly since I don't regularly shop at those higher end stores.
4	This mall is huge.  It's been around for almost 20 yrs now and has continued to expand and add stores even through the economic downturn.  We travel to Vegas once a year in December to go to the NFR and do some Christmas shopping. This place is on our list to visit when we do.The majority of the stores are indoor with a few outdoor stores in the parking lot.  If you plan to shop/browse the entire mall, plan on an all day shopping excursion.  It will take a while to casually go through it all.If you get hungry, there's a food court in the center of the mall with fast food options or you can dine in some sit-down restaurants in the parking lot.I've found some great deals at the stores here and if you catch them at the right time you'll the sales/discounts can be huge.  Be prepared for large crowds on the weekends and if you're driving here I recommend parking on the South side of the mall where I've found it to be less busy and easier to park.Return Factor - 90%
3	Nothing like going to an outlet only to hear my cousin say, "I chose the wrong outlet!" Yeupp. The Las Vegas Premium Outlets consist of a North AND a South side so you should check online to see which stores you want to go to in order to choose which outlet you would want. Or go to both. Whichever floats your boat. The parking lot for this outlet is HUGE which makes it easy to find a spot.. unless you come here for Black Friday shopping like I did in which case, it was hell.There are shops inside and there are shops outside. Food court is located right in the middle with a variety of food options so you're sure to find something you like or you can go for Auntie Anne's pretzels that are located at one of the entrances of the mall. Bonus: there's a bathroom area near the food court.There's not much I can say. I'm not really a shopper so I didn't really get much except a shirt for $10 at the Disney Store outlet. But you know, walk around. Take in the shops. The people. Enjoy the weather.
3	I had not been here since they remodled and it looks fantastic, movesld it to a shopping destination of the twentieth century. Only problem is when it is crowded it is REALLY crowded and the isles get a little tight with the vendors down the middle, otherwise happy shopping!
3	Parking is a nightmare here...good luck!
5	I love this outlet since the remodel. The stores are better and it is easy to access all of them from any spot in the parking lot. I usually shop here for my sons clothes and shoes which I can get for a great price at vans, gymboree, converse, or stride rite. It is a great place to shop whether you have time to stroll and shop or if you just need to run in and out.
3	One star- nice cashiers. All asking where I was from and genuinely nice. The Lucky Store, my guy scored two pairs of his fave jeans (Triumph) and was helped by a super nice asian guy (regret that I forgot his name) for $29.99 each!!!!Two stars- nice big selection of food courtsThree stars- easy taxi accessibility- 1 star- not a lot of designer stores AT ALL (should've headed to the north outlet mall for my kate spade and Ferragamo). Eh, oh well. - 1 star- dirty bathrooms. Yuck.
2	The word "Premium" shouldn't be used here.  This place is outdated and I really think the selection of stores are boring.  The good news, especially in the summer time is that you have an indoor mall, unlike the North Outlets which has a much better selection of stores, but all outside.  Unless they put some more interesting stores in here, I think I will continue to bypass it.
4	This mall has really improved over the 7ish years. It used to be a dump of a few stores only known for the easily accessible restaurants.  2 years ago, it officially became a Premium outlet mall; tons of stores that differ from the North outlets (off of the 15, closer to Fremont St.).  Parking isn't as atrocious as the North mall either.  Great food court and great surrounding sit down restaurants.
3	The outlet is comparable to the livermore outlets as they are not as big as vacaville or gilroy. You can take the bus from the strip to get here. Nothing too amazing and I would not recommend to go out of your way here unless you have lots of time to kill.
5	Nice location, great place to go shopping if you don't want to deal with the typical mall.
3	This place is always a total madhouse, but with lots of men's and women's clothing, lingerie, housewares, and other shops it's sort of become a discount Mecca. I love to come here for the discount shoes, the Billabong store, the lane Bryant, and the Roxy Quiksilver shop. There are plenty of friends that are empty right now, and both of the food courts are kind of lacking, but there are food options if you need them. Be prepared to walk behind slow poke idiots who don't know where they are going..
4	This Outlet has a lot of stores that you can shop at but be ready to walk around a lot! It's really close and right next to the vegas hotels! They also have a Dunkin Doughnut across the plaza from the shopping stores!
5	For the Bilabong Store- friendly helpful people, awesome prices, and Daisy rocks! Where's undercover boss? She is happy to be at work and makes people feel good. She embodies bilabong culture.
3	When I think of Outlet, I think of bargains. Most stores charge the same price as their normal everyday store. It is nice having all the stores in one location, just want deals.
3	This is a solid 3.5 stars.  I usually frequent the North Las Vegas Premium Outlets and I was pleasantly surprised by my last visit.  They have a lot of the same stores as the North Vegas shops and it is indoor.  What turns me off is the fluorescent lighting and ghetto-look inside.  The outside looks nice but inside looks depressing.  The Nike here I feel is better stocked and less chaotic than the North Vegas outlets.  So is the Coach outlet store.  It was well organized and clean.  I usually hit up the same stores as I do at the North Vegas outlets: Coach, Michael Kors, Nike, Banana Republic, Aldo.  There is a larger Converse outlet here as well... WHOA... I got a new pair of Jack Purcells and some new gray chucks with the buy one get one 50% off deal.  Score.  This trip I also stopped at the Lids store and got a LA Dodgers cap that I feel that I should have just cus.  Only when I am living outside of LA will I wear my Lakers and Dodger gear.  I got a new bag at Coach and got some stuff for my mom there for Mother's Day.  Pretty successful in my opinion.
3	Typical Outlet Mall.  Favorite stores were Hurley and Calvin Klein. I don't know what I expected from a Las Vegas Outlet Mall, but I was surprised that it wasn't any better than the Malls we have in Wisconsin. I did buy a few things, but I won't be using up valuable vacation time here on my future Vegas trips.
4	Although this place isn't as big as the the Fashion Outlets of Las Vegas in Primm, there are still a lot of great stores and selections!Some of the store selections include Coach, Michael Kors, Levi's, PacSun, Express, Hot Topic, Zumiez, Swarovski, Disney Store, and The Children's Place. The map of the place is simple. The whole mall has indoor and outdoor components, which sets it apart from the outlet in Primm (it's all indoors).The honey was able to get 4 pairs of Levi's jeans, which were all under $20 and a bunch of shirts from Hot Topic (they had a BOGO deal). Overall, this is a great place for not only shopping, but a hanging out/sightseeing place for families and friends too.
5	Only been in Vegas a few months and LOVE this place! Prices are fantastic in most stores and my daughter loves the big merry go round in the court. Must shop here wether you're a tourist or local!
3	Lots of stores, lots of choices.From luggage, to Brooks Brothers, to underwear, you can find it here.Good mix of stores, from higher end brands, to random stores.Parking is good, and plentiful.
3	Like the Premium Outlets North...except indoors, lower end, and cramped with center kiosks attempting to sell you garbage...so basically nothing like the Premium Outlets North and not really 'Premium' at all save for the Coach Store and perhaps Calvin Klein which is seemingly giving away their products at 25cents on the dollar during most visits.  Good for staples but certainly not the designer shopping experience it bills itself to be there are gems to be found for those willing to shop around but on the whole this is just another outlet mall, no more and no less.
5	Great stores an great prices. Tbe location is great as well. Lots of food placws near by to eat as well. Going early an on weekdays is best if you dont want a packed store. All in all love the outlets.
3	Got some good bargains.  The mall feels a bit dark and dreary.  Needs an update.
5	This place has been open for a while. N loved the place since. A lot of great deals !
3	Underwhelming for sure. I've been to a number of the Premium Outlets,  this one was not the best I've seen. The north location is better,  with a better selection of stores. But the prices are better than full retail! There is a Saks Off Fifth,  but again nothing special. Picked through selection. Prices were just meh. I hear there is a new one being opened at the north location in 2015. Maybe next year!
3	Despite the 3 star rating, there are many stores in the south outlet which you won't find in the north outlet. Quite frankly, the south outlet I also prefer for the sake of the fact it's an actual interior mall, so there's A/C during the summer heat which Las Vegas experiences like 10 months a year.Outside all that, however, north outlet has more store variety. I believe south has 140 stores, while north has 150...but it feels like north has a lot more to offer. Nonetheless, some major stores north doesn't have include New Balance, Aerosoles, Naturalizer...oh and south has a significantly better food court than north.I also don't like the design too much...since it's essentially a giant line from one end to another instead of a circle design that most malls have...it actually takes a long time to walk from one end to another and then walk back.While I suppose many drive to this outlet mall, it is also easily accessible by transit from The Strip, with a stop in front of the mall parking lot.
4	This isn't really a premium outlet but you still get good prices for the stuff here. There are a few high-end stores but it's mostly middle-class stores. This place is getting bigger every day. They are adding more shops with more restaurants in here. It's actually a pretty crowded place on Sundays right before everyone heads back to California. It is indoors so it's definitely better than the north outlets in that way. I do stop by if I need to kill time but it's not on my list of "must visits" like the north Las Vegas outlets.If you want the AC while shopping outlets, you'd want to stop by here!
3	We always stop here while in vegas to buy gifts for the kids and fam from our vacation.Nothing over the top or fancy here. There a ton of stores to choose from here as with most outlets.I do like the Puma store and it's frequent 50% off sale where I clean up ! Plenty of parking but terrible food choices inside so eat prior unless you love MSG.
5	I love the outlet mall. It's a good enough size, not too small and not too big. It has a great variety of stores. They also have amazing deals going on at the stores. The people there are also very nice!
3	Love some of the stores, but hate the center isle hawkers who do not take NO for an answer!  Also, most prices are full retail..just say'in.
5	i hit jackpot here, 50% off at the Coach outlet, you gotta be here at a certain time of the year to get those 50% off! gotta luv the outlet stores, especially the premium ones!
5	The mall was pretty big, it was indoor mall and cool inside. They have 2 food courts, and other snacks place like dunkin and pretzel. They have all the sport retail store that I most liked, and they have basic stores like other outlets mall
2	The bathrooms in this place smell like throw up and there is only like 2 bathrooms in the entire mall.Think about cleaning them once in a while you do get a lot of traffic through this place.The prices are outrageous, DKNY has a discount of 30% on most items but they are 50% above what they should be so you are still 20% over even after the discount.The Gap and OldNavy have good discounts but it's Gap and OldNavy.This place also has a Hugo Boss which is pretty cool.I would not go out of my way to visit this place but I know others who have.
5	Great buys at Ralph Lauren Outlet today... Especially cool, take 30% or 50% off the sale price;~D  the staff here is extremely nice. A shout out to Tatiana, really appreciated her going in back to check for the sizes I wanted. The cashier was extremely helpful too & did a great job suggesting we get on the mailing list for future sales.
2	This outlet sucks. Old and outdated. My local mall is better than this place.Only thing good at this place is dunkin donuts.
3	I didn't care for the outdoor parking.  On a sweltering summer's day I am not too keen on walking around the parking lot looking for my car then suffering 1st degree burns from the hot seat.It does have some of the brands I like & they are in an A/C enclosed setting so that was a plus.  Now the food court is truly pathetic.  Talk about having to choose from Bad or really bad food.
3	Choices, choices, choices. Which outlet to visit, which stores to see and what to buy? Especially the latter considering the weight limit most airlines have set. Too bad. Because compared to the Netherlands most (brand) clothes are very cheap. Something to do with your outlets and the currency convertion. But what I like most is that buying something here makes me have something special. The change that anyone else in the office wears the same dress is small (although it happend to me once).Big note: probably people don't believe it, but I hate shopping. That's why I love the American outlets. One day, twice a year, sneakers and a little endurance and I'm ready for the next season. Everything conveniently located together. And after all those years I exactly know which brands to visit and what sizes to buy. Even without fitting.In the past years this location looks upgraded. More and more nice stores (Michael Kors, Ralph Lauren) have arrived and they expanded with stores on the outside. Most stores are on the inside (airconditioned!). Not a very attractive environment, but it does the job. And if you're prepared to have a little stroll you can park your car behind the building where there's shade throughout the day. Compared to the north you'll probably find 70-80% the same stores on this location. The other 20-30% are less high end than in the north. Prices between locations may vary to both sides.Two things I don't like. One is all the people in the middle trying to get your attention to sell you 'as steen on television' stuff. Get a life, stop harassing me. The other is the food court. Nothing fresh. But then again, it's an outlet, not a fine dining location. Although just a soda vending machine would be such an improvement. Shopping makes thirsty.And excuse any grammar and spelling mistakes. English is not my first language. And if that isn't bad enough, my Apple device keeps changing words into 'proper Dutch'. Yes, you've guessed right, my first language.
2	This place can make you a bit claustrophobic, especially if you've frequented the  LV North Premium Outlets. Here's how it sizes up:-Easier to park (but you might get stuck in some traffic due to lack of stop lights)-Indoors so you can find some sanctuary for those hot Vegas summers (but it feels kind of claustrophobic inside)-A lot of store selections (but I feel like the selection is much bigger at the North outlets)-More food options compared to North outlets, including surrounding food options-lacks that "touristy" vibe, so less tourists looking lost or toting their luggageDespite the hassles of the North outlets, I still feel like I'd rather shop there. Although it was nice being indoors, it was easier to get to the main stores we wanted to go to by walking outside the building, but our trip was ultimately a bust.
4	Lots of stores, and  loads of post Holiday sales......  I will recommend that you check this place out over the two weeks after of Christmas....
4	The good thing about this mall is that its very close to the airport and the Car rental which is away from the airport is very close to this mall. Compared to North Outlets this mall has more known brands.The mall is quite good interms of having many shops and you can find lot of brands. The mall is clean and has a decent food court. As we had check out we were chilling at this mall as rental car return was close by, so we also ate here. We tried 2 places "Pita's" and "Rocky's Philly". Customer service was great at both places and the owners were very friendly in taking order and telling us about the menu. The cooking and serving areas were quite clean. These places servers Halal meat, except 2 items all the other stuff is halal at both locations just confirm with the staff. They Guys/owner also helped us with showing us how to get to the car rental place. As for the food we ordered Chicken wrap and Philly's cheese steak both were really done nice and tasted quite good.
3	Not bad outlet mall....they renovate and open new stores but still the outlet north much better with their store choices.
