5	wow! was I inpressed.  These guy are not cheap but yet I walked away feeling like I got more than I paid.  The car looks amazing and cant wait to ahve to use these guys again!they are worth it and more.
5	Damn...who's a sexy bitch?My car is. Right after Perry and his team has spent the entire day detailing it.When I bought a black car, I knew I was in for some high maintenance. But it wasn't until a good friend of mine who's a paint/body specialist referred me to Perry and European Detail after some acidic water leaked on my car after someone power washed the top level of my parking garage. I thought my paint was ruined for sure! I took it to European Detail (at that time, they were located on Indian School) and not only did they get the acid off, they suggested a GLARE product to protect my paint from further episodes...even bird droppings! The product is amazing and my car looked better than it did brand now. It removed all the small swirl marks/scratches. So from that point forward, I frequented European Detail for basic washes.When they moved their location up to the Scottsdale Airpark, I didn't visit as often.  I hit up a few hand wash places here and there in-between my visits to European...but nothing compares (to you!). It wasn't until recently that my car turned 1yr old, and I treated her to a spa day with a full detail. I am a perfectionist to the core, but I think I found my match with these guys. I couldn't find one thing that was missed or annoying. They treated my leather, steamed carpets, engine, you name it. But the difference between European and others is that there was no chemical smell, my seats/floors weren't soaking wet needing to dry (they use the most amazing techniques and products)...I drove away in heaven.BOTTOM LINE: YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR.I know that Craig Jackson uses European Detail and trusts Perry and his team to keep his cars in top notch shape, that alone speaks a million words. The knowledge of detailing for the team is an art form, not a quick wash/in-out situation.Shockingly, it's only slightly higher in price than what I've paid previously at these corner "hand-wash" places but the results are 1,000 better.My vehicle is not only an investment, but I am proud of it. And when I drive away from European Detail I have no doubt I have even more to be proud of because I got the best service and Auto Detail in the Valley. Which reminds me, I need to frequent for in-between washes as well - not just details. Thanks for the great service Perry and Team!
5	Recently had two cars (ML350 & X5) detailed at European Detail Scottsdale. They have a well-organized / clean shop, and are very professional. I was completely satisfied with their work. Compared to other detail shops I have used they are definitely top notch.  Keith (Manager) showed great attention to detail, addressed all of my concerns, and kept me informed on the status of my cars. The cars turned out better than expected - meticulously clean with a great shine (better than new).
1	My vehicle was damaged during the detail....the manager Keith promised to fix the damage-- a lie...the detail was $350   damage $490--  do not risk having my experience at this company.    Dishonest  for responsibility and overpriced for the quality of detail!
5	Exceeded all expectations. I had a little run in with a wood fence that left my new Tacoma scared but The guys over here spent all day making it look better than new. I am extremely particular with my cars and decided to spend the extra money for a Glare products treatment. My black beauty had swirl marks since day one due to a poor wash job at the dealership when I took delivery. All is good and the truck has a beautiful deep gloss that is swirl free.
5	There are only 2 ways I get my Porsche Boxster washed, either myself or with European Detail. My car is my baby and I worked very hard to get her. I wouldn't trust just anyone to wash or detail my car and after going to European Detail, I will never go anywhere else. Perry has a very professional, trustworthy and efficient team. I trust them so much with my car that I convinced my husband to take his 911 Carrera there. By the way, his car is Black and he is more difficult to please than me, which is saying A LOT! We are both satisfied and loyal customers and I would highly recommend European Detail to others!
5	MY JAW HIT THE FLOOR!  These guys are incredible!!  After taking my car to another detailer who left deep swirl marks all over my black Hummer, I was desperately looking for a place who could help me.  OR  I was seriously looking at having to repaint the car.  No other detailer wanted to touch it because they knew how difficult the job would be. Greg and Perry at European first, put me at ease. And then second, gave me my car back not only swirl free, but I felt like i seriously got a new paint job!!! I mean it was better looking than the day I bought it and it looked like i could roll it onto a showroom floor!  As if that wasn't enough, I learned that they hand wash cars by appointment. I live 20 miles away and I will gladly drive that distance to have them wash my car from here on out and for eternity. I will not trust anyone else. I know they handle the Barrett Jackson cars, and I really felt like they treated my car no differently than what they would have done for either Mr. Barrett or Mr. Jackson themselves. I cant begin to express my gratitude and appreciation for care this business gives to their clients and their cars. I must mention Greg again since I was so impressed at the customer service he provided. Totally professional through and through!!
5	These guys are unbelievable!!! By far the best detail shop in AZ. This is the second time I've taken my Tacoma in to get a refresh and each time I've recieved more than that. My truck literally looks BRAND NEW everytime I get it back from Greg and Perry... And their outstanding customer service adds even more to the total package. They polish and detail EVERYTHING. I'm super OCD about my truck and personally hand wash it myself. But once or twice a year I bring it to these dudes... I won't let anybody else touch it. It's worth every penny. If you want a detail done better than you've ever dreamed of, look no further. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
4	These guys did a great job getting the bad smell out of my car. I don't know how it got there, but it was bad, and they definitely got the stink out! They communicated well with me, letting me know when it would be done, then beating their own promise (Under Promise, Over Deliver Dept.). If we need any of vehicles detailed, this is the place!
