5	Brand New tattoo shop on the strip!. I went in and got a tattoo for there friday the 13th special and loved this shop. I am heavly tattooed and have been to many shops. Normally the artist all act to cool and try to pressure you into getting something,these guys are the total oppisite. All the artist where really friendly and knowable! the shop was really clean and I loved that they had some of the artist paintings hung up and for sale. The three artist that where working where Leo, Davi and manny I totoally recommend any of these artist.
5	This is a review for Leo at The Fox and Hound Tattoo! Leo has been my artist for years so when he moved from Long Beach to Las Vegas to work for this shop I was bummed...but hey its another reason for a Vegas Trip right? He is well worth the 4 hour drive and the new shop he works at is great! The staff seemed very helpful and not "to cool" like other tattoo shops I have visited. It was very clean and decorated really cool. And if you have to wait there is a Elvis slot machine in the casino to keep you entertained! I highly recommend this shop and especially Leo! Thanks for my amazing tattoos!
1	DON'T GO HERE! At least don't get a tattoo from "Kid" Last year my friend got a tattoo from "kid" when he worked at tattoo factory in Henderson. He was patient and listened to what she wanted and it turned out a great tattoo. Fast forward to this year (yesterday)... My friend set up an apt for us with "kid" for 7:30. Over the phone. He seemed happy to do it. We brought in pictures granted it was not an exact "here this is what I want stick it on me tattoo" but that is what artists are for to help you make your ideas of a tattoo come to life. We walked in and he seemed uninterested in what we were there for and seemed to have forgotten that we had a tattoo apt. He had excuses for everything. Why it couldn't go there, why he couldn't do it tonight, I think that he had no interest in doing the tattoo and didn't have the balls to outright say it. If that was the case he should not had us drive down to the stratosphere. He wasted our time, and it ruined my friend's birthday tattoo. The shop itself was really shabby, it was small and disorganized and shamefully had there t-shirts displayed for Vegas tourists to buy. I wouldn't say dirty but it was borderline dirty. I'm sure if the health inspector came in they would have a few things to say. Overall having many tattoos from a local shop here in Vegas  I should have known better than to go to a Tourist shop inside a ghetto casino.  I should have expected I would be treated like any other tourist that needs a "I was in Vegas tattoo" to remember the time they had here. BUT I AM A LOCAL AND I EXPECTED MORE. Would have given zero stars if I could.
5	Came here last weekend for EDC and stumbled upon this cool shop inside the Stratosphere. I  decided after my 5 day excursion to end it off with a piece of permanent art. Manny, from The Fox and Hound Tattoo shop did an amazing piece on me!! He was gentle and light handed ( some people seem to go in too deep) Manny also brought my piece to life, adding to it way more than i could have imagined. The other artists  were cool and down to earth and I loved how they decorated the walls in front with their own work. I'd like to say that Manny was very attentive, and made sure we both agreed with the piece before putting on. Great shop, great vibes!
4	Great, clean professional shop. Alex did my tattoo. He is nice, personable and professional. Very happy with my tattoo. Looking at his work his black and gray tattoos are amazing and portrait work is great. Recommended if in Vegas!
5	Visiting Vegas from Kansas City and made our way to the Stratosphere so my better half could do the sky-jump. While we were waiting, we found Fox and Hound tattoo. The guys at the shop were friendly and very helpful. We really weren't planning serious ink for this trip, but we recognized Leo's name and after talking about what we were looking for, he offered to come in on his day off just to work on it! The end result was amazing and the compliments she's received since she got it are just over the top. Definitely recommend and will be coming back for more work. You won't be disappointed!
5	Just left Fox and Hound and I'm so happy!! I got two tattoos and Leo made it so easy and almost painless! The shop is very clean and lots of artwork on the wall to gaze at while getting tatted! Overall it was a great expierence! Great conversation and relaxing music. Next time I go back to Vegas and want a tattoo...I know where I'll be going! P.s. Alex did my dads tattoo and it came out amazingly !
5	After moving here from NC 9 months ago I have not gotten any tattoos because I was scared of tourist traps and shitty tattoos but a friend of mine referred me to Fox and Hound and she told me to see Leo. I am sure glad I did! This morning Leo tattooed me, and I got exactly the tattoo I was looking for! He is a great artist and very personable! I'm so excited to have found my new tattoo artist!
5	Two thumbs up! Leo did my tattoo and he was awesome!  Alex did my cousin's and he was equally great! Both artists were patient, attentive, and truly cared about how our pieces turned out. The prices were fair and we were in and out in no time. Everyone was super friendly and made us feel welcomed. I have never had such a good tattoo experience (and I have several tattoos). This was also my cousin's first tattoo and she was very nervous. The staff made her feel comfortable and gave her exactly what she wanted! Great job, guys! We will definitely be back :)
5	I have been dying to get some work done since moving to the Vegas area. I am ecstatic to say that I have found my spot! Last night I walked in and got some simple script work done. The work is beautifully done by Davi. The guys were personable, the shop was clean. An all around great experience and I will definitely be going back!
2	I can't comment on cleanliness or quality, as I didn't end up getting my tattoo here, but I still felt the need to review the shop.The pricing was bull. They definitely tried to screw me. After seeing all the great yelp reviews, I decided that I was going to get my arm cuff tattoo that I've been wanting to get for a few months while I was here on vacation. Why not, it's vacation, right? So I pop down on Saturday afternoon. The shop is empty, except for a gentleman working the counter and an artist. I said I was curious about pricing for a tattoo. So I explain it's 7 words, all black, around my arm in just a simple script. (I have 5 other tattoos, but they're all hidden, so I really feel like this is where he thought he could screw me over, because he couldn't see I already have ink. I looked like a tourist getting a tattoo on a whim. Unfortunately for them, I am well aware of general tattoo rates for quality work.) They tried to tell me that for those 7 words, in all black, it would cost $250. I'm sorry, but the tattoo I want will take a max of 45 minutes to complete, and should cost under $100. I have an 8 inch tall, full color, hand drawn tattoo that took 4.5 hours to do, and it only cost $250. (That was in New Orleans at Electric Ladyland Tattoos. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.) I have another 7 inch tall, full color tattoo that cost me $175. (That was in Chicago, at Deluxe Tattoo, also highly recommend.) Telling me small, black words will cost more than either of my meduim sized full color pieces does not sit well with me. The other thing that rubbed me the wrong way was that the shop was EMPTY and he told me that I should make an appointment for a tattoo. You really don't want walk-ins? The entire time I was staying there, I never saw anyone getting ink in that shop. And I just walked in on you not working, and you're going to tell me to make an appointment? No thanks, I'll take my business elsewhere.
5	Manny was fantastic! He custom designed my tattoo and I couldn't be happier. It hurt, what tattoo doesn't, but he made sure I was good to go the entire time
5	I didn't get pierced or tatted here but the service was still great.I just changed my septum jewelry to a pincher the day before at a different shop because I had to attend a formal cocktail reception on the Strip and I needed to hide it. I was supposed to fly in to LAS with 3 hours to spare beforehand but my flight was delayed and while on the plane, I quickly found out that the previous shop did not open my pincher enough to hide it in my nose. I quickly yelped this place up and sped over to this shop.  I ran in and asked for an omega piece, they didn't have one in my size. Once he saw my jewelry, he decided to stretch it open a little more. It fit inside fine and they did not bother to charge me. I'm sure I looked crazy running in and out but they really did help me in a bind. Thank you guys!
5	Just got a tattoo done over the weekend by Alex and I love it! He was nice enough to move an appointment around so that he could fit me in right away and his expertise helped me decide on exactly what I should get! Everyone was really attentive and the shop is very clean.  I highly recommend Fox and Hound!
5	This place is fantastic! My girlfriend and I saw Jesse. He was very friendly and professional. We each got a smaller tattoo and the quality is amazing! We absolutely recommend this place! It is also more affordable than any place on the strip! See Jesse for sure!
5	Had an appointment with BJ for three care bears. We totally lost one person and both changed our tattoos . They were so accommodating and wonderful!  Jesus you are a rock star! Love love love my feather it is the perfect tribute to my mom! Will definitely be back!
5	I would recommend this place anyone looking for a tattoo in Las Vegas.  My fiancee and I were talking about getting tattoos while in Vegas, we weren't 100%.  Luckily we found this place while staying at the Stratosphere.  We were very lucky Dereck was there when she came in to talk about what we were looking for.  I gave him a vague description of what I was thinking about and he was dead on to what  I was looking for.  He is a young guy, very passionate about his craft and will for sure make a name for himself in the industry.The atmosphere is very relaxing and clean.  The prices were very fair.  I'm from Chicago and our tattoos cost very close if not cheaper than it would cost at one of the major places here.  Stop by there and go see Dereck, I had a great experience and will see him again next time I'm out there.
5	Jesse is great and I highly recommend coming here at any hour.  Got my nipples pierced by him and his attention to detail and doing a great job was shown.  Not a horrible price either.
