4	winchell's is a dying breed. with krispy kreme & dunkin donuts poppin up all over las vegas there aren't many left but the make the largest, freshest and cheapest donuts around. great coffee too! they usually give kids a free donut or some donut holes.
3	Yeah I know, a commercial establishment which I normally don't visit, however this location deserves a good Yelp! Open 24/7, all donuts fresh fried and glazed. I walked in and looked at the display rack of fresh donuts, literally saw them glistening with their generous freshly just glazed icing. $7.99 for a dozen, well 14 donuts to be exact, not sure if that is standard or just because I walked in with two nice big plump donuts of my own? Anyhow that is a steal for fresh, moist, melt in your mouth donuts at 2am. Service is great, I mean really I don't expect mind blowing service from a donut shop, much less at 2am. Also does not take much skill or thrill to fill a box with donuts. The gentleman working this particular early morning shift had lots of spunk and vigor. He is one with tons of personality, joking and told me my total was 7 million dollars, you know those funny types. Really refreshing considering he works graveyard! Yay Winchell's, (S. Jones location) as I can not speak for the rest as a lot of them are franchise now. This location rocks!
2	This Winchell's location is just ok. Growing up in LA, Winchell's was my donut joint of choice for quite some time, but this one isn't as amazing as the ones I remember back home. I usually only end up here after a late night of grubbing down in Chinatown and craving some sweet to balance out the savory. The donuts are ok, but you can tell they don't bake fresh throughout the day. The staff is friendly and there is usually quite a selection, but not the best donut. It's good for what it is, but if I'm really craving a good donut, I'll be heading elsewhere.
2	I went to the Winchell's on N. Decatur.  Not the best part of town so you might want to consider that if going here.  Service was friendly, place was clean.  Hadn't been to a Winchell's in a long time so bought a dozen (yes, their dozen is actually 14 which is nice).  Tried their cinammon buns, didn't like them.  They taste more like apple fritters than cinammon (couldn't taste any cinammon at all ). I'll stick with grocery store cinammon rolls and skip the Winchells.  (they are large, but tasteless and really nor worth all that dough in your stomach!).  Prices are okay.  The other donuts were very "meh" and had a somewhat artificial flavor at times.  They seemed fresh so no complaints there.  I just don't care for winchell's flavors or the "off" taste or aftertaste  some of their stuff has.  These are the kind of donuts that would  be okay as a breaktime treat for  a bunch of hungry workers who need a sugar fix or a  crowd  of little kids who  love to gobble  dough and sugar washed down with Kool-Aid.Also, if you're on a budget, the prices won't break your bank like at Krispy Kreme (which I far prefer but can no longer afford).  I won't be going back to Winchell's and will continue to look around for a place with the right combination of flavor, variety and price.  But for what it is and the niche it serves, Winchells is good enough...but I've had way better!
3	Nothing fancy here.  Good array of donuts.  While it wasn't anything special, quality was acceptable, and we got there early in the AM so everything seemed fresh.  Friendly service, even though we were the only people in the store speaking English.  We sat and ate a donut in the clean and bright in-store eating area, then took the rest of the dozen to meet up with family.  Everyone was happy with their donut and no complaints.
2	Update: This Winchells that I reviewed  on N. Decatur  has now closed and is now Dulce Donuts.    I hope to go over to Dulce Donuts soon and try them.  (the two stars are for the Winchells that was here. I just wanted to update so everyone knows that it is now closed)
4	Like a crackhead chasing the dragon, they got me on the come back. I find myself coming back for their breakfast bagels. This Winchell's is almost on the way to work, so I've been frequenting this place for a couple of weeks now. I ended up going here to pick up some donuts for work because I over slept. I'm really glad my ass was late that day. I get two dozen donuts for the heads at work and I pick up an egg, ham, and cheese in a sesame bagel. Simple and solid. The sesame bagel sets this breakfast sandwich off. I've also tried their chorizo in a sesame bagel.  Also very tasty.Winchell's still has my favorite donuts and now my favorite breakfast sandwich. EYE LIKA!!!
3	Winchells has the best donuts in my opinion. Theres nothing special about this particular shop. There chillas are my favorite though :)
5	Yes, I just gave this donut house a five star rating.  Winchell's is benefiting from the wave of nostalgia that came over me when I walked in with my pal Matt after dinner at Wendy's Noodle House.  It was already 8:30pm, but the cases were FULL of fresh donuts.  I remember having Winchell's all the time when I was growing up in SoCal and they were everywhere.  I'm sure I've driven by this one, but never stopped in until tonight.  Matt told me they're open 24 hours, too--curses!  I don't need to know that.  He's just paying me back for telling him that Keebler Grasshopper cookies are the same thing as the Girl Scouts' Thin Mints and can be had year-round.  Now we're even.  Four donuts for $2.99 cannot be beat and the memories that Winchell's brings back are priceless.
5	The main baker there at night not only keeps a great variety of donuts available, but he is entertaining. It must be hard to works as hard as bakers do and stop what your doing to help people who sometimes take forever to choose (ok ...I'm talking about myself) and still greet them with a smile and even joke about the total at the register.this place has never been a disappointment. yeah they are just donuts but when they are warm and fresh...fugget-about-the--diet!!
4	After attempting to purhase a double dozen at Krispy Kreme and they advised  me no glazed due to the machine was broken I headed directly over to this location.Winchell's donut's are bigger and have more density which I feel tops KK. Anyway, I ended up coming in two mornings back to back for the Winchell's dozen. My clients were happy!
5	These donuts are the best around.  I drive "past" Krispy Kreme almost every time I go to Winchells.  Their donuts are tastier, larger and staff is always friendly.  Next going to try a sandwich, but, will save room for a donut!
5	Winchells Donuts is the definition of guilty pleasure for me and gets all 5 stars.Located interestingly in Chinatown, this donut shop is open 24/7. This Winchells keep a great assortment of fresh donuts on hand at all hours of the day. In addition there are some nice breakfast sandwiches, bagels, and coffee based drinks if you are looking for something a little less sweet.Though it may seem off to comment on the service of a donut shop, the staff working here seems to really enjoy their jobs. The older gentleman working late nights is fun to talk to and has a great attitude towards his customers.There is really nothing I can complain about, great donuts, friendly service and a convenient location.
4	I have been to this Winchell's on quite a few occasions since my initial review. I always end up here in the evening when most other donuts in the area are already closed.The donuts have always been fresh and the service is always so friendly. The guys who work here are so nice, I really have to hand it to them.
3	Better than DD in my opinion. Only having 1 French crueler left when I get there gets you 3 stars instead of 4.
4	Smells really good outside of Winchells. Got a half dozen for only $5. Donuts look fresh and delicious. Hope they taste as good as they look.
5	Wanted some donuts and debated for awhile on where to go. I decided to try this location, and was very satisfied. The donuts were big in size, looked very yummy and tasted delicious. The price was right @$8.99 a doz ( their doz comes with 14) made me even happier, but what was even greater is the excellent customer service. I will certainly make here my only stop for donuts!
4	Breaking my no-chain-reviews rule once again, it was just nice that after a piss-poor experience at Umami Burger, we found the exact opposite when stopping in for some late night donuts at Winchell's. The crew is always smiling and the donuts are still fresh even in the late hours. There's not much to say, really. The donuts are tasty and the service is pleasant. That's all you really need to succeed.Certain places should take a look and revisit their policy.
