5	Im writing this post under my husbands account, I got my hair and make up done by Perfect Hair and Makeup on August 16th, 2014. I could not have been happier. They arrived about 10 minutes before schedule and did my hair and makeup beautifully in about 40 minutes, I was stunned. I couldn't believe how amazing it all looked in such a short period of time. I actually had time to kill, which was nice, and unusual on a wedding day. The price was right, the ladies were prompt, professional and extremely talented. I highly recommend going with Perfect Hair and Makeup for your special occasion.
5	Irina and Michelle did such a beautiful job on my hair and makeup for my wedding this past Saturday (9/27).  They also did my matron of honor's hair and makeup and the results couldn't have been lovelier!  Additionally, they did both of us in only 1 hour 15 minutes!  We never felt rushed, nor did they skimp on anything!  They are very particular and detailed and truly are amazing artists.   I highly recommend them for any bride who is looking to have a professional, elegant, and polished look for her wedding!
5	They did an amazing job on my hair & makeup for my Vegas wedding nov 7. They were exactly on time. Other then wanting an updo I didn't give very much guidance. They looked at my dress for inspiration & did a romantic updo I loved and natural yet stunning makeup. I couldn't be happier. They did one of my bridesmaids hair & makeup also & she loved it too.
5	I recently used Perfect Hair & Makeup for my Las Vegas wedding December 6. I was a little nervous at first to use an outside company, especially doing a destination wedding to a city I don't even live in. I reached out and immediately heard back from Irina with all my questions answered, which was such a pleasant surprise. She confirmed my appointments the week of the wedding and I only had to let her know the room number upon check-in. The day of, Irina and her assistant were promptly at our hotel to begin on 5 ladies. I was a little worried we would somehow be rushing on me or have to skip over someone, but both hair and makeup are done at the same time so we ended up having 30-40 min at the end before heading to the chapel. I simply gave them a picture of how I wanted my hair and it was done perfectly! I would absolutely recommend this company to anyone in Las Vegas getting married and would like amazing quality done at a realistic price.
