5	Took a chance on ordering delivery from a menu we received in the mail. WOW! So glad I did. Pizza was awesome!  Wings, steaming hot, nice heat in the sauce, best I've had delivery so far! Greek salad piled high with feta with homemade croutons. Very excited to have a GREAT restaurant nearby that delivers!
5	Finally, a local pizza place that also delivers! Great pizza, wings, chicken alfredo, and the garlic bread is really good. The staff is really nice and they have specials all the time. Would definitely recommend this place.
5	Going to Recommend this place to everyone I know! We had take out. We walked in and ordered no problems and got the food in a timely manner. I ordered the Meatball Sub which was so good the Cheese was plentiful and the Meatballs were cooked perfectly. We also got the Pizza Fries we didn't know what they were but ordered anyway. They are amazing they give you so much food! My girlfriend who is a huge food snob especially when it comes to Chicken Parm Sandwiches. These must be amazing because she ate the whole 8 inch sandwich first time I have ever seen her finish a Chicken Parm Sandwich!Everyone has to Try this place out!
5	We've ordered delivery twice. Everything we have ordered has been great. New York style pizza, baked Italian favorites, burgers, wings - all delivered to our door and delicious!
3	Tried their pizza and some wings tonight. I was a little skeptical about it as there was no one there at all @ 6pm and their grade was in the low 90s. I told the cashier it was our first time in and thought maybe she would offer a suggestion but no. The pizza was just Ok, nothing special.  The wings were good. I felt like the $2.50 upcharge was ridiculous for requesting all flats and $1.00 for one extra blue cheese. Bottom line it is, it wasn't bad but I think I'd rather just order delivery from papa john's.
2	Let me first say that this place has good food.  We've eaten there pretty regularly by delivery only with no problems until tonight.  Here is how it went down.  I called to get my regular Milano's special and wanted to substitute mushrooms for fries (like I always do) and I was told to "hold let me ask my manager".  Then the lady (obviously new) came back to the phone and said "you can only substitute onion rings".  I said I've done this 10-20 other times so don't see why it's different now.  She said sorry manager said no.  Then I asked her to speak to the manager.  She said "no he's busy unpacking boxes". I then proceeded to tell her that I would  never again order from that establishment and hung up.  It's ashame because they have really good food but this one horrible customer service episode did it for me.
5	Have ordered from Milano's many times! Love their pizza! Everything is delivered hot and fresh. Love the fact that they use fresh mushrooms on the pizza, not canned like too many pizza places! Tried the hot wings, decent heat, nicely fried!My husband I and I love their delivery service. Fast and friendly!
2	I am new to town and I decided to order from Milano's Pizza and Pasta so that I wouldn't have to go out. I ordered a 6inch pepperoni and ham pizza along with a lamb gyro and a slice of cheesecake. The order came pretty quickly and everything looked good. I tried the pizza and it had a weird aftertaste, when I looked at it I realized this was because the  bottom layer of the crust was still pretty doughy. The other half of the pizza was even more doughy. The gyro was pretty good but it was supposed to come with a cup of cucumber sauce and I did not receive that in the bag. I also asked for plasticware since I had nothing to eat with since I just moved in and that was not in the bag either. All in all I was pretty disappointed and will not order from here again.
1	We were in town staying at a hotel and the front desk person recommended Milano's.  Maybe they were having an off night but I was not impressed at all.  Delivery took 1.5 hours from when we ordered and then the food was cold and the pizza was no different/better than any other place - just basic pizza
2	After ordering from here many many times I'm giving the 3 stars with a HUGE asterisk! Their pizza is great if its cooked all the way, their wings are usually amazing, but their blue cheese dip is a water sloppy mess that doesn't pass the test. Their other menu items are rather average and the owner seems to really care about his customers and fix things if you are not happy with your order. The fried mushrooms are disgusting, so avoid that menu item. Seriously their pizza and wings rival any joint around town if cooked properly*. I've had a few instances of undercooked wings and undercooked pizza. Definitely better than chain food but a little more expensive and not justifiably so. They recently changed up their pricing and made everything even more expensive, so I doubt I will be ordering from them again.
5	I'm not sure why there are only 3 stars and bad reviews...this place was amazing! It was the second time I have had it and both times were awesome. I ordered the chicken Alfredo and it was perfect. Plenty of Alfredo sauce and enough for 2-3 people! We also ordered the Philly grinder and seafood grinder.  The seafood grinder was AWESOME! Big pieces are crab meat and lots of shrimp! Delivery to my area was approx 1 hour but well worth the wait! It was fresh and hot when they got here. Fries were not even soggy.
5	Love their pizza. Takes me back to Marks Pizza in New York. Prices are on par with other non chain pizza place. If you're looking for a northern tasting pizza definitely check them out!
2	Pizza is OK however customer service is grossly lacking and leaves something to be desired. Not impressed at all!  Another downside is the pricing.  They seemed to have increased their prices as of late which means that a small pizza with ample toppings will easily run you 20.00!Also, if you don't wish to wait 1.5 to 2 hours for your pizza delivery, I would highly recommend you order ahead and pick it up versus having it delivered.  The delivery time quoted to me when ordering my pizza on 2 occasions was 45 minutes, each time it took 1.5 - 2 hours and when I called all I got in response was, "driver left a while ago so he should be there shortly"!  Go figure.
1	Customer service is horribleI had eaten there a few times, had ordered delivery several times.  Went in today around 11, no one in there except a waitress and her children, seated myself, she finally wondered over, I told her a wanted a pepsi with no ice, she wanted to know did I want to order, told her I wanted to look at the menu for a minute (it was not like they were busy, NO other customers).  This seemed to make her mad.  finally she came with my drink, said oh you didn't want ice, took about 10 minutes for her to come back with my drink, had a sullen expression, asked her if there was a manager, she said I would have to wait, about 30 minutes later a man came in, said the waitress was an owner and he would check with the security cameras to see if she was rude?  He took my order, brought salad and bread about 15 minutes later.  After 30 more minutes he finally brought my food, told him at this point I needed it to go.  Gave me change in ones, I guess so I could leave a tip for the horrible customer service?  Seemed to be setting up for a family birthday party, they should just close if they don't want to have customers in there and just do delivery, that seems to work out okay.
4	Ii just moved to the Charlotte area and my bf and I were looking through yelp for a good pizza place that delivers. I came upon Milanos and read even reviews between good and bad. Quite skeptical, I ordered anyways and this pizza is pretty DARN GOOD AND THEY DELIVER. There is no comparison with domino's. I love pizza and all about quality and they do a pretty damn job. I will definitely order again. I highly recommend this place. Not to say they got to our house within 40 min which is pretty awesome! I don't understand how people do not like this place. I'm glad I went against the people that did not like this place because it was delicious!
5	Finally found a place with good pizza and wings that delivers! The pizza is much better than any of the major chain restaurants and priced well. I was so happy they delivered to my area!! They got here in under 40 mins which was also a plus. I have lived in the area 3 years and always passed this place and never noticed it but I am so glad I found them on yelp!
5	Food is always great! Love that it is authentic and not a "chain". Delivery is so nice!
