3	A review in reverse... Bottomline: Gorgeous balloon plus flower arrangement loved by my grandmother and family.  For her 94th birthday, I'll only get 10-15 more "second chances"... so an absolute must to gift the most stunning centerpiece!The Challenges: My call with Gloria's broke up on 4 occasions, all due to their flaky phone connection.  They misspelled the name of my grandmother... only corrected because i requested (as an afterthought) that they repeat back her name. And they tacked on a delivery fee ($12) without disclosure -- I just noticed on credit card statement today.  Fair yes, but would've been nice if they disclosed up front.  And they also offered a callback the following day to confirm delivery... except i never received the call.  Oh well.The Upside: Beautiful combination of flowers and balloons... perfect for both young and old.  My grandmother was overwhelmed by the thought.  What else really matters?I called this place after doing some research for flower/balloon deliveries in the Scottsdale and Tempe area.  Not many shops feature balloons so pleased with Gloria's selection.  I'd probably be willing to give Gloria my business again in the future, unless my Yelp friends steer me another way.
1	Very Disappointed on My Birthday!   The mgr was Dis-Honest and wasn't going to do anything, really didn't Even Care.... that I wasn't happy with her product.......After several hours she had a change off heart..    Dropped off different flowers  at the End of the next day ~~  a little too late!!  0 Stars Given, had to add a star to post review.....PMarshallTempe, AZ
1	The mgr/driver, was very dishonest and said the mgr. wasn't even there..she was the person that brought the flowers and the  person on the phone.......  after flowers delivered for my birthday from my daughter, our complaint was of no concern to her and was not willing to do anything to make it right.  The mgr. decided to reconsider after a day and 1/2, after being very rude and dishonest.   Thank you but a little too late!  I will not do business here and do not recommend.
1	This review is for service only as I did not see any flower arrangements.I was looking for a local florist to help with my wedding flowers. Instead of buying the flowers from an online wholesale site, I preferred to buy from a local florist - however, I wanted to do the centerpieces and bouquets myself.  I went to Gloria's (and I believe I spoke with Gloria herself) and she was very, very rude to me. She did not like that I wanted to do the arrangements myself - which is fine if she said no, she wouldn't order flowers for me. However, she said she would order flowers for me but she just gave me attitude about it in the process. She, then, proceeded to ask me what kind of flowers I wanted. When I responded to say that I didn't know yet and was hoping a florist could help give me some guidance, she seemed shocked. "You DON"T KNOW??" I told her my wedding colors and, again, requested guidance from an expert.  She, again, asked me why I didn't know what flowers I wanted and then started to begrudgingly show me some flowers. By this point, I was very fed up and let her know that I would not be needing her services.So, while I can not review any of her actual arrangements, I can say that my experience with this florist was extremely rude and I would prefer to go somewhere else.
5	I walk my dogs past Gloria's regularly. This year instead of throwing money down on some flowers to a overpriced mega chain, I decided to see what this shop I had passed many times had to offer. I'm glad I did. I was helped right away and shown a variety of options. Gloria worked with me on my budget and got me exactly what I had envisioned. Flowers were ready at the agreed upon pick up time and looked great!
5	Absolutely the most beautiful flowers and great service thx u very much
4	I have used Gloria's Blossoms for many corporate events where balloon bouquets where ordered.  On each order, I have received exceptional customer service which was often above the norm. The manager is very personable and flexible in scheduling set up and delivery.  I recommend this service and will utilize them again in the future.
5	Great Experience! I ordered an arrangement for a friends bday. I was not sure what to get but after a couple of ideas I gave Gloria made a really nice custom arrangement that was more than what I anticipated. Flowers were extremely fresh and fragrant. The bouquet was done on schedule just as she has said. My friend was very happy with the flowers and got compliments on them at work. Can lose with great customer service, I would definitely purchase again.
5	I love this place here's why: I ordered flowers through one of those 1800 or pro flower companies online and when they arrived they looked horrible. It was really embarrassing for me and the person I bought them for. I found Gloria's online and explained the problem I had with the other company. The person I spoke with made sure the new flowers were delivered right away! My friend even said the delivery person was super nice and felt really bad that she had received such awful flowers from the previous company- (they were horrible-dead- droopy flowers- NEVER use those generic online sites). Anyway, because they were so awesome I have decided to use them for my Wedding :) and when my wedding changed to a quick and cheap elopement ceremony they were kind enough to work with me on the price of my bouquet. This place will always have my business. Thank you :)
2	Nice employee but bad flower selection. They tried to sell me dead flowers.
5	I use this shop pretty frequently and have never been disappointed!!! will continue to give them my business for years to come!!!!
5	this place has the freshest most elegant flowers great cutomer service and rapid delivery will use again and again highly recommended to anyone def see y they were voted #1 in tempe az 2013 thx agin will z.
1	I will never send flowers to my wife from this place on her birthday ever again!! When they delivered to our house they sent to the wrong address. Not only that, but when confronted they yelled at me for 5 minutes because THEY took the flowers to the wrong place. The flowers were decent but exaggerated when purchased on gloriasblossoms.com. Very disappointed.
1	Went by here for a last minute gift and the place is Out of Business....
