4	This is the 2nd time I've stayed here and I guess the reason behind coming back was the room rates, location and how well we were treated the last time we were here. Sure makes the trip a lot easier when the hotel is chill.
5	Great hotel.Staff was all super friendly and/or helpful. Upgraded to an executive room. The price was very far, and the room was big and clean.Also, continental breakfast was included with the room.
4	I stayed here with my family (3 people in 1 room) for 3 nights.  What first attracted us was the rate, but what made us happy with the choice was the cleanliness, coolness (literally--good air conditioning), and accessibility of the hotel.  It's wheelchair accessible.  The best part of the hotel is the staff.  The front desk team was incredibly helpful--much more so than you typically see at a chain hotel--and they gave us regular maps/handouts as well as printouts that were tailored individually for our needs.  Even more astounding, though, was the cleanliness of the room: the staff cleaned the room so well after our first night that when we returned on day two, it looked like we had just walked into the room for the first time.  (In my experience, most hotels do a better clean-up job in between guest stays rather than do a good job every single day, but these folks are the exception.)Reasonable, hot breakfast.  Eggs, swine, cereals, pastries, juice, milk, coffee, fruit, yogurt...  You've had it a million times, but they do it just fine.The definition of 4 stars is "Yay!  I'm a fan."  And that's true.  Didn't give it 5 stars because it's not "Woohoo!  As good as it gets!" to me--mostly a product of the location and lack of distinctiveness as a hotel experience--I would only give 5 stars to an excellent "destination hotel," and that's not this place.
4	If you are coming to AZ for an NFL, Collage football or NHL game, this is an excellent place to stay! The stadiums are out in Glendale which is super far from Scottsdale, 45mins in good traffic, after or before a game it is probably double that! I can only imagine what the cost of a cab is, so to have the full game day experience (with all the beer a super fan can handle) do yourself a favour and stay out at the arena. The Hilton and other hotels around it are stumbling distance from the Arenas, literally! It worked out perfect for us. And the rooms, lobby, pool are really quite nice. Super impressed with the pool area actually! They also have free brekkie in the lobby till 9:30am and a business centre. There rooms all have free wifi - which is so insanely needed for those of us rocking international phone plans! Holiday Inn, I think i will most definitely see you again!
4	A very nice representation of the chain, service is very high here. The desk staff never fails to warmly welcome me every time I return from shopping, etc. The housekeeping and condition of the rooms is excellent. Breakfast fare is standard but the service from the attendant is first rate. I would definitely return again if I needed to be in the area again. Solidly 4 stars.
5	Great customer service! Efrain at front desk knows what customer service is All about. Clean rooms, will be coming here again
4	Good location right next to Cabelas.  Staff was great.  Bed was comfy and they had the pillows the way I like them.  I tend to come here every time I am in the Glendale area.  Next to Westgate as well so you can go check out the shops or a game!
4	This is another decently run Holiday Inn Express.  The staff can be a little abrupt, but fine overall.  Location is great, and property is very clean.  I would return.
5	We arrived at this Holiday Inn at the end of a long and frustrating day. From the moment I checked in, I knew we had made the right choice. The woman at the front desk treated me with respect while getting all her requirements met. She came responded to my call about a party in the next room and quieted them immediately.The real highlight was the breakfast. The woman in charge, Elaine, ran a clean, organized, attractive dining room. The selections were plentiful and the quality was fresh. And they had a really cool Pancake Machine! Two freshly made pancakes dropped on your plate in about 2 minutes.We were entirely satisfied with our visit and impressed with the IHG management group at this Holiday Inn Express.
5	:) omg i love the great customer service.  I stayed. For 3 nights for  sabotan so we were constantly. Coming and going but not one did they forget to say hello ... it was very friendly. And. Especially Oscar urcino . He wen above. And beyond. Thank you so much
1	This place is absolutley horrible. We were on the first floor and could hear everything. Every footstep, every door closing and every loud word spoken. The floors are very thin. Don't come here if you want a good night's sleep or bring heavy duty ear plugs.
