5	I can't shut up about this place!I had seen Copper City Bourbon around, but had not yet tried it. Rodney was at the Yelp Downtown Revival party - I was bummed the bourbon was all gone by the time I got to him, and all he had going was the gin. Not a gin fan at all, he sensed my disappointment and pulled a smaller bottle of whiskey out for me to try.It.Was.Amazing!!!And - not available in stores - to get it, I'd have to go to the distillery in Tempe.I did that (with Robyn N.) on Saturday after a huge and wonderful lunch - and am so happy I did!The place is a bit confusing to get to - I'd suggest calling first and asking directions. We really weren't sure we were in the right place.We met up with Jason, Rodney's partner and the master distiller.The bourbon is good. Really good. But that whiskey - WOW! And - get this! Not only is it distilled here, but the wheat is grown near Casa Grande! Totally AZ business! I've been telling everyone at work, all my friends (in person, on phone and Facebook) about this stuff. I've invited people over to my place to taste it. It really is THAT GOOD!Super nice guys, with a great product! (Oh, and I hear the gin is good, too!)Jason tells us they are hoping to expand and take over the little complex they're in. When this happens, not only do I hope they'll open it for parties, I'd LOVE to see a Yelp event here!
5	My sister and I took our parents on a private tour for my Father's Birthday this year. I cannot say enough about how wonderful their Gin is! Jason took the time to discuss not only the process but the history as well. Thank you Arizona Distilling. It feels great to be able to keep it local when ordering a drink out!
5	Fun place! Love how rooted in Arizona the products are, and amazing quality. As a community we should support local business like this more.
5	I took the tour here with some friends and we were blown away with the fun and great spirits to taste. We learned a lot about the history of AZ spirits and culture. I totally recommend this to any group of friends to do.
5	We went because of a groupon and it was great. The facilities are new & sparse but the spirit more than make up for it - the owner is Arizona home grown & wants to collaborate with local businesses ( his whiskey is in dessert at Four Peaks).  The gin is really unique and all the whiskey is real good. The pours were conservative but I only paid 5 bucks a person so a shot a person is decent. He'll be a big business in a few years. When you get there walk back and back and then left.
4	Jason and Rodney were both really knowledgeable; I found this place on Groupon and would highly recommend you to go and try it out - a lot of fun!! And of course we just HAD to leave with a bottle of their finest Copper City Bourbon.  We will definitely go back again! Thank you AZ Distilling Co - Good Luck in your future endeavors!!
5	I went on a tour of this distillery with 5 other girls. We weren't the only ones on the tour, there was about 30 people there. The owner (I think his name was Jason) explained how they make Bourbon, whiskey and gin. He let us taste the head of the bourbon straight out the distilling machine. After the tour he set out cold shot glasses and poured us a taste of each alcohol. The gin was my favorite. The other girls felt it was too flowery but I really loved the lavender tones in it, so I bought a bottle. It was $30 for a bottle of gin. Decent size too. They also sell t-shirts, tank tops and hoodies.  I recommend this tour and distillery, they have a good Groupon that we all utilized. Get your friends and go.
5	I was panning in the wild Wild West and stumbled upon this hidden gem. Instead of finding gold that I searched for I found this amazing bourbon, whiskey and gin. As we frolicked through the in' s and out's of there distilling methods I soon came to realize I have stumbled upon the "holy grail" and felt as if there were angel babies swimming in my mouth.  Of course I felt this way only after tasting the pure taste of bourbon.   But not just any bourbon.  Bourbon made from angel babies.  Babies that people who have seen Willy Wonkas movies would call Oompa Loompas.  But all that aside I would say their whiskey is above average......one of a kind. In short, after reading this you can see your product obviously has an effect on me both mentally, physically, and later... Hopefully............ sexually.
5	I was tasked with the wonderful responsibility of planning my father's 70th birthday celebration. What would follow a delicious dim sum lunch? Drinking liquor, of course! To top it off, I went to high school with these distilling geniuses, and thought that I needed to give it a try.  As we walked in the door, I expected to see familiar faces and receive V.I.P treatment.  Instead, we got Matt, the one owner I did not go to high school with. He was very informative and gave us an excellent tour. He answered every one of my Dad's questions ( there were a lot of them). He gave us an excellent tour and tasting! My Dad was incredibly impressed with the gin, so I bought him a bottle for his birthday. Arizona Distilling Co is a first rate business. Their product is all over town, as it should be. I am incredibly proud that these home-grown boys ( Matt is the happy exception) have created an Arizona- based business that is so successful. I foresee great things for Arizona Distilling Co!!! The tour/ tasting is a must- do when visiting Tempe. Cheers!
5	Awesome place! Locally owned and still in it's infancy, it could put Arizona on the map for booze.  The tour is neat to how their operation works and the samples are pretty fabulous.  Note that it's in a warehouse with a swamp cooler so if you go in the summer, you're going to be a bit toasty.  I had heard of their bourbon but after sampling their gin, I insisted we buy a bottle. It's unlike any gin I've ever had.  Check them out!
5	The brewery was great and the tour was very informative. Refreshing to see a company taking pride in their heritage and showcasing products that are made in Arizona! We sampled their bourbon, whiskey and gin, and all were great. Not only did we enjoy and buy, but will be referring family and friends!!
5	Awesome Place! Great tour only available Fri, Sat, & Sun 1pm to 5pm (on the hour) by reservation only. Real Arizonas using AZ ingredients to make Gin, Bourbon, & Whiskey.If U R visiting ASU...this place is a must!!
5	Used a Groupon for a tour and tasting at Arizona Distilling Co today with my niece and her husband. Jason was very informative and knowledgeable about the process of distilling Bourbon, Whiskey and Gin. Love the fact that most ingredients are obtained locally.Had a taste of Copper City Bourbon, Desert Durum Wheat Whiskey & Desert Dry Gin. The Gin was my favorite! Very unique flavor. Different than another Gin I have ever tasted. Went home with a coupe of bottles.Look for these spirits in the liquor stores.Ask for them at your restaurants & night clubs.Support your local small businesses!
5	I am not a bourbon or gin fan.  Well it turns out, I just needed to have the right ones.  We even got to sample their Four Peaks collaboration called Humphreys.  Amazing!I could honestly see myself drinking their gin with only ice bc it doesn't need a chaser.The facility needs better signage, the tour was short but I was thoroughly entertained.  These guys explain the process well & they really know their stuff.  I'll have to brin my husband back.Support local business!  Yes! This one definitely.
5	I bought a Groupon for 10 people to do a tasting and tour at AZ Distilling Co. We went recently and had a great time. I will say though, if you've been to one of the big bourbon distilleries in Kentucky... you may be underwhelmed by the facility. They are a one building operation in a commercial area of Tempe. Nothing fancy.What you won't be underwhelmed by, is the dedication and passion these guys have to making a great, local product. My favorite being their Copper City Bourbon.These guys have had to take the bumps and bruises of the red tape machine that is liquor regulation in AZ and they still have managed to keep moving forward. They even had a mini-bout with Maker's Mark which you can learn about if you do the tour and tasting. It's a funny story.Great product, great people. Support Local.
5	What a hidden gem, this is a great opportunity to support local! This place is a little hard to find in the dark, but we were able to figure it out. Friends of ours had invited us to go on a pre-dinner tour of the distilling company. This is a perfect activity to do with a group and then head over to Mill to grab some dinner. Copper City was founded by an Arizona native, the names of the spirits all have ties to the state. We were given the tour of how the facility works and then were able to taste all of the spirits that were made here. I'm not typically a Bourbon drinker, but really enjoyed the tasting. I was a huge fan of the Gin, it was different than any other Gin I've had, it had an almost floral taste but not in an overwhelming perfumey way. I liked it so much that I had purchased a bottle to take home (FYI it's cheaper here than in stores).   I highly recommend visiting the distillery, it's was a fun group outing and it was cool to do something different while supporting a local business.
