5	They are open from about 11 Am - 3:30 PM Mon - Fri in the winter.They are open from about 11 AM to about 6 PM Mon - Fri in the summer.  According to my senior colleague (who has been at Pitt for over 20 years), this is the best food truck at University of Pittsburgh.  The food is certainly very good and inexpensive.  It's highly recommended for a quick eat near campus.  The portions are large, and you will likely have some food left over.  You can also specify spiciness.  The biryani (chicken, vegetable, shrimp, or lamb) is $4.00 for small and $5.00 for large.  I usually get the chicken biryani, which is cooked with basmati rice, coconut sauce, nuts, and herbs.    The Mango Lassi is good for only $1.50I think they make the food while you wait.  Call ahead if you want to avoid having to wait out in the cold or the lines.
5	If you happen to find yourself in Oakland and in need of a quick lunch time fix, walk on down to bigelow blvd and give one of the street vendors a try. I previously ordered from thai express- it was 2:30ish and they were out of pad thai already so I had to settle for something else that I can't remember so I guess it didn't leave that big of an impression on me. Id give it another try though.I digress,  it was around 1 and I had a craving for something, but couldn't pinpoint what that something was. I knew I wanted it spicy and I wanted it now so I drove to oakland from greenfield with $6 and got a whole container of fluffy white rice topped with spicy palak paneer. The cheese cubes held up nicely to the velvety spinach. It satisfied my craving and didn't put a hole in my wallet.  For $5 and 5 minutes of your time, you can't beat india on wheels.
4	Very good Indian food, especially for the price.  $5 can get you a small serving and a freshly grilled piece of naan - plenty for one meal.  For a dollar extra you can get a large and have some leftovers.My favorite has always been the mango chicken curry made by Rita (the cart closest to fifth ave).  You can choose your spiciness on a scale of 1-10.  Definitely the best quick meal for $5 in Oakland.
5	Best food truck on Bigelow. Perhaps the best food truck in Pittsburgh (sorry Franktuary Truck, but the truth hurts sometimes). Good portions, great flavor, and you can even call ahead and avoid waiting for your food to be freshly cooking before your eyes. Lamb Biryani with spice level 8 and a samosa = pure heaven for $6 total.Oh, and that Indian food truck located two trucks to the front of India on Wheels with the same exact menu? AVOID IT AT ALL COST. Unless you enjoy an afternoon of tums, pepto bismol, and gastrointestinal issues - then by all means, live your life to the max.
3	This is pretty standard Indian food.  Rita aunty is a sweetheart, and creates a truly affordable and decent meal.  It was definitely food that helped me when I missed home, and when I was low on cash during my college years.  If you are in the mood for a cheap & quick Indian meal check this place out.
3	Every once and a while, it's nice to walk down to the food trucks on Bigelow and get some non-cafeteria food. India on Wheels is the only one I've been to, but I like them. The lady running it is really nice, the food is tasty, and the price is right. Get your food, then head on over to the steps of Soldiers and Sailors, and have a nice lunch not in a cubicle in front of a computer. :)Cash only.
5	This was my first time eating here, although I pass it all the time going to class. I got the chicken tikka masala and didn't realize how large it was going to be. Good Indian food for a good price. The people working are very nice, always a plus! I'll definitely be coming back here again to try something else.
4	its nicely priced, helpings are good in true food truck style. word of caution - the food gets spicy, even for indiansonly downside - parathas (thick and chewy)
5	A friend of mine told me to try this place.  I realized they don't take cash. Told the lady I did not have money, thus had to run to the ATM machine. She was so nice, she said I could pay next time. The serving are large compared to Indian restaurants. Moreover, cheaper. I tried chicken tikka, and took lamb curry for my friend.The taste is true Indian.  I wish they would deliver. The walk is kind of long.
4	Rita has been turning out consistently fresh, affordable, and delicious food in Oakland for over a decade. Everything is cooked to order except daal and samosas. My favorite dish is the mattar paneer--I've moved away from Pittsburgh and have pretty much been counting down the hours until I get back and can order food from this truck again.The portions are large and for $5 you can have enough for two meals. Rita is always friendly and has a ready smile. For ten years, I probably ate food from this truck anywhere from one to four times a week, depending. It's totally crave-able, and at a great price.When it's cold, I hate waiting in lines and because this truck is so good, there usually is one. So make sure to call your order in ahead and then you can just go pick it up!
3	Admittedly, I haven't had a meal from India on Wheels since 2007 but when I was taking Serbian classes through the SLI: Summer Language Institute at University of Pittsburgh Oakland Campus, this was my number one spot for an affordable and delicious lunch. Honestly, I ordered from them almost daily and was always satisfied.I'm pleased to see the prices haven't gone up much and it appears they offer the same portion sizes. I always had leftovers, something a broke college student can appreciate.I pretty much stuck with the lamb vindaloo or chicken tikka masala all three summers I attended classes in the area. They served it up with basmati rice and I'd order a mango lassi when it was available.Services was fast and efficient, so that was a plus when we only had limited time between morning and afternoon sessions. The only downside was that they often cooked food in the same pans, making my "mild" meal a little spicier than anticipated if someone with a higher tolerance for heat had ordered ahead of me.CASH ONLY!
5	Rita has been serving fantastic food for many many years. I would have to say that this truck provides better quality food than many restaurants in Oakland. Dish to try for a vegetarian like me would be paneer makhani or palak paneer. You can even call in sometimes because this place gets super busy during the semester.As a UPitt student, I survived off this truck. Cash only.
4	This place is every college student's dream: cheap, large portion and right on campus! And the service is fast and efficient. I always get my usual: a samosa and a large order of chicken makhani over white rice. Chicken makhani is my favorite and I highly recommend if you like creamy sauces! Also you have the option of a small or large order. I would get a large because for just a dollar more, you get twice the amount of food, enough for lunch and dinner!
3	Another great truck right on Bigelow in Oakland. I've stopped here for food at least a couple of times and have generally been happy with the quality of the food. Of course, these trucks typically cater to the college students that enjoy large portions of food for a cheap price, and generally care a little less about quality.  However, there are no complaints about the curry here- and being a graduate student myself, I'm not as picky when I'm getting food on the go and out of a truck and paying $5 for it.  I'll continue to stop by here for lunch. As with all of the trucks, plug their number in and call ahead so you can pick your food up as soon as you get there.
5	Everything I've tried are wonderful. I love chicken curry the most! If only they have had more variety to choose from, this would be my first choice for lunch.
3	The food is okay, but they seem to be chronically out of ingredients: shrimps, potatoes. The worst thing is they don't acknowledge it over the phone, so e.g. you can place an order to later find out that they couldn't cook it, since they are out of one of the ingredients. I prefer another Indian truck just next to it.
4	This place is the best. With mouth watering chicken biryani for $5, it's a dream for college students. I always get my usual: a large chicken biryani. The chicken pieces are juicy and plentiful. But I'm sure the other titems are good as well. One thing I don't like about this is that the spice level changes every time I eat here even though I ask for 7. Sometimes it is sweet while at other times it's flaming hot. They could use a little consistency in this department. All in all, a good place to eat after a hectic day. PS: They accept only cash!
5	Who knew a food truck could be so good! The pricing is wonderful and India on Wheels is the perfect lunch stop. I haven't had better Indian anywhere in Pittsburgh.
