5	Amy is the best!!!
5	Really lovely inside. Staff is pretty friendly. They also have kids chairs, which makes it fun for me to take my tween daughter for mother-daughter time.
1	I have been coming to Ahwatukee Nail Spa for a good year and a half or two to get my brows waxed. Amy is absolutely amazing. Every time I come in, the woman up front (I assume the owner?) asks me why I don't get pedicures or fills there. I tell her I have somewhere else I go for those services. I haven't ever told her why. Hopefully she reads her Yelp reviews!Today my car is a Fletcher's getting some work done. Since Ahwatukee Nail Spa is in walking distance to both my house and Fletcher's and since I needed a fill, pedicure and waxing I thought I'd give Ahwatukee Nail Spa another chance.  What a disappointment!The pedicure is lackluster. The gentleman completing this service had a decent enough disposition but it didn't seem like he cared a whole lot about what I was asking. This is the primary reason I stopped coming here for these services almost two years ago. I told him I have extra skin buildup on my big toes from wearing heels every day. Ask him if he'll take care of it. He says yes however, he doesn't. The massage was hilarious. There was no massage to it. It was literally copious amounts of lotion into my calves and feet. He painted my toenails and off to the fill in we went. At the start of the fill, I asked him to please plan to put acrylic all the way to the tip to reinforce it because the acrylics are starting to break. He then informs me that they only fill the area at the top where the nail has grown out...I'm aware of what a fill is. Much to my chagrin I've had acrylics since 1996!! At this point I said, "You know, the woman up front asks me every time I get my eyebrows waxed why I don't get fills or pedicures here and this is a perfect example of why not. You don't tell a customer no on a request like this. You also don't school them on what a back fill is. You simply do what the customer asks and if you want to charge me extra, then fine." He laughed. No kidding, full on laughed. So, at the end of the fill he asked to see my feet. Turns out he hadn't put the top coat on. So, he does this but does it in a way where you can see he's all over the place and there is top coat on my toes. I will stick to AZ Tip -n- Toes where my business is appreciated, I'm respected as a customer and my pedicures and fills result in satisfaction! Never again Ahwatukee Nail Spa. Never again.
5	LOVE  LOVE  LOVE  LOVE  my Ahwatukee Nail Salon & SpaThe Tech's are AMAZING !!!.  I have gone here almost 4 years.They are courteous, friendly, sweet and thoughtful !!!The Owner and her Brother are AWESOME, They are Very Tentative.When the shop gets busy * AS IT OFTEN DOES * They are never to proud to help or do what they can to keep the flow of the Business *MAKING THE CUSTOMER'S HAPPY AND BEAUTIFUL*They have alwsays been VERY ACCOMMODATING.Sure, even me being a customer for almost 4 years.. if you chance in a "Walk-in", which is what I prefer...(and they are very welcome to have Walk-Ins), but they can get busy.. and to be patient or come back.:) I get nothing but compliments on my Nails and Pedicures.  They are very Talented in design.  I have even created something on my own and with their input the Look was AMAZING.Thank you to all the Awesome People at Ahwatukee Nail Spa who make me SMILE and shine with the services they provide...Kevin, Amy, Jenny, Christy, Stella, Susi, Michelle, Julie***I WISH I COULD POST PICTURES OF MY NAILS AND TOES***Very NIce Work
2	Hi there!Just a heads up! Great location, very nice people been going there for over a year now. ONE PROBLEM. I went there and met someone new she was very nice however she repeatedly cut me, did not give me an option how long my nails were and then tried to pressure me to get the gel finish which i was not interested in for this visit. she then opened my bag reached in and took two twenty dollar bills that were sticking out of my wallet. did not ask if i wanted to pay by card. she then hurried to the BACK and brought back change and no receipt. I tipped her and left. I then got home and called and politely asked for corporates number because something did not feel right. The woman on the phone refused to give me the number or let me leave a message. I just let her know i was just making sure that the location got paid upfront because of the situation and i had no receipt. MIND YOU when i left the front was unattended. The nail tech that i had then answered the phone rude so then i hung up. the location then *69-ed my phone number and called me back. NOT professional, very disappointed. so much for trying to do the right thing.
5	I'm here at least every other week for a gel manicure and often for a pedicure too.  Sarah H and I often come together because a pedicure is more fun with a friend.  The salon is clean and well organized and beautifully designed.  The nail techs are always friendly and very accommodating.  I've been coming here almost exclusively for the last two years and I'm happy I discovered it,
4	This salon givens the best gel manicures in Ahwatukee/Chandler hands down! I have tried a lot of other places in the area for gel manicures and no one does anywhere near as good a job as these ladies! I do get my pedicures elsewhere because I feel that Ahwatukee Nails is too pricey for what you get. They don't do a massage and I feel like the people doing the pedicure don't pay much attention to what you need. it feels like they are just following routine steps rather than customizing it to what your individual needs are-some people need more cuticle work and some need my callus work, etc. But their pedicures seem to just breeze over all the steps lightly. That is the only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5. I am perfectly happy getting my hands and feet done at different places to make sure I  pleases with the results.  Ahwatukee Nails will forever be my go-to spa for gel manicures! They are simply the best!
5	I have been searching for a good nail salon / spa since I moved here from California in June. I finally found it at Ahwatukee Nail Spa. They do the best gel manicures I have had and the pedicures are excellent as well. I've also had waxing which was professionally and perfectly performed.
4	Solid!Very solid.I can get in easily, it seems very clean, and sometimes if they're not too busy they'll do my pedicure and gel manicure AT THE SAME TIME!  I love that!
1	On my first visit, my technician kept taking personal calls during my mani/ pedi which caused it to go really long. Second visit tech asked too many personal questions ad kept asking if I spoke Spanish and looked offended when I told her I didn't . I'm not even Latina. Think she assumed I was. Made for awkward time. Have gotten lots of mani/ pedis but this was only place I got a nail infection after (2nd visit). Not sure what went wrong but tried to call and inform them about it and never got it addressed. Maybe techs are too distracted to focus on cleanliness.
1	Received a gift certificate for a birthday and stashed it away in a hiding spot. A year later I went to use it and they wouldn't accept it. I find it to be terrible business to not accept even a partial amount. Never going back.
5	Only reason I go to this place is for Angela! She does amazing work! Got an idea on Pinterest she's down for the challenge permitting that everything needed for the look is available in the salon! I love the look of the place very chic and the girls are super nice! Ask for Angela and you won't be disappointed!
1	I read the reviews and decided to take a chance. Unfortunately the not so favorable reviews were the correct ones! The guy who did my mani/pedi...seemed bothered to be doing the work. Added cost which was never vocalized. And the front desk lady...I assume the owner...didn't seem to care that I was upset to pay $45 for mani/pedi!! NOT happy at all and will NEVER go back!!
5	I have never had a problem when I have gone here. Another nail place that is always rated higher I have always had a problem with. Ex. they file my feet so much that I can barely walk on them or they have cut around my nails and they bleed. NOT at Ahwatukee Nails. They are the best and always easy to get into.
5	Great service! So relaxing and quiet. I got a pedicure and French gel manicure at the same time which saved me time. The girls were very sweet and gave me a great design on my toes. Loved it here will definitely be coming back.
