4	My first adult trip to a laundromat was here at Peachy Kleen!Close to my house and relatively cheap, this place was a godsend when I realized my new king sized comforter was in no way going to fit into my old washer and dryer set. Several mega-load sized washer and dryers here.  The 25 minute heavy duty wash was $4.75. Since I forgot soap it was .75 cents and about 35 minutes worth of mega load drying was around $3.  If you don't want to stay around and wait, they offer a wash, dry and fold service. As well as a dry cleaning service. Wash and fold would have been $15 and 2 hours for my king sized comforter, so my frugal side won and I waited it out.Relatively clean facility, of course smelled amazing inside. Only one staff, who was very sweet and spoke moderate English.Will definitely come here again.
5	While in town for the Democratic National Convention, I was in need of a local laundromat to clean a large amount of laundry in a fairly short timeframe.  Additionally, I wanted to pay a reasonable price (my hotel had laundry service but they charged on a per item basis).  I found Peachy Kleen on Yelp and it filled both of my requirements.Paul and his team washed, dried and folded about 40 orders in just under one business day.  They charged by the pound (10 lb minimum) which resulted in huge savings (and they accept American Express, which not all places do).Overall, I could not have been more pleased with my experience.  Thanks Peachy Kleen!
5	I love this place!! My life has taken a very sad turn if I am expressing such emotion for a laundromat. :) Clean, clean,clean!!!!! Never a problem finding an open machine even during peak times.  Very nice attendant.  BIG plus:  they stay on top of their maintenance!  I was in on a Wednesday and had an issue with one of the washers.  The attendant put an "out of order" sign on it.  When I came back on Sunday to make sure we didn't hit the road with dirty laundry, the sign was gone and the washer in working order.  Amazing!!!!  Keep up the great work!
4	I'm a busy law school student with little time. This place is easy to access, right off the highway, and QUICK (~25-40 minute per wash depending on the washer machine, which they have different sizes of based on your load)! This place is easy, clean and well managed. I thought the 8 minute dryer cycles ($0.35 each on the machines I use) would take a while, but 2-3 cycles and my big basket is dry! Best thing: No quarters needed! Pay $5 for a reusable card ($2 or $3 deposit - I can't remember exactly), then just bring cash every so often to refill it using an automated machine close to the dry cleaning area. Love it!They also offer dry cleaning services. The lady at the front desk speaks Spanish & English, and is very helpful!
2	I tried to get my dry cleaning done here yesterday but the ridiculous hours at the dry cleaning counter prevented that. I went in because of the great reviews people give this place, only to find that the counter is open from like 3-5 pm on certain days (can't remember all of the details).  I have no idea what their service is like. I had to take my coats to Kim's cleaners because of the inconvenient schedule at Peachy Kleen.
