3	The food here is far from authentic Mexican food, but is still tasty anyway.  The low marks are for bad service.  I've eaten at this location three times and two out of the three times receive rather poor service.The first time I came here with my wife to eat dinner we were seated and then forgotten about.  We sat for about 20 minutes before I was able to flag someone down to get us some drinks and take our orders.  They usually have free chips and salsa, but we didn't get any until our dinner came, which kind of defeats the purpose.As far as food goes, nothing I ate really stood out as wonderful.  They try to be too cool with their mango and other sweet-flavored salsas.  Maybe it's just not for me.
4	The food is decent to above average. Tthe reason I go is for the best Margaritas in town. The mandarin margarita I had there was pure bliss.
2	Bad food, worse service.Waitress took our drink orders, and then twenty minutes later the manager came by to tell us our waitress got busy with another table and he would take our drink orders. Ten minutes later the original waitress came back to get our drink orders. Ummmm.... hello? Finally got our magaritas, which were weak as hell and way too sweet and sour.And everything was slimy. I'm not OCD or anything but I felt the need to get up and wash my hands after flipping through the menu. And after touching the salt and pepper shakers. And after moving the itty bitty little chip basket from one side of the table to the other.Ordered an appetizer - the Farmer's Market Quesadilla. Plate was hot but the cheese was cold. Vegetables were slimy. Tortilla was burnt. And they didn't bring us any napkins or silverware. We waited what we thought was an acceptable amount of time for someone to stop by and when nobody did I actually got up, walked across the restaurant to the hostess stand where there was a box and got them myself.
4	The chicken fajitas are marvelous. The tortillas are handmade and the chicken is moist and flavorable. Our waiter on this recent visit was efficient  and friendly. Our only complaint was the carnitas were loaded with fat.
4	Sometimes I just get a hankerin' for some chips and salsa and margaritas.  Chevy's to the rescue!  I love their seasonal flavored margaritas; tonight I had the cranberry margarita... mmmmm!No, it's not "authentic Mexican"... it's fresh mex as specified by the name, so there shouldn't be any surprise that this doesn't taste like your neighborhood Mexican joint.  If you go in knowing what to expect, you'll enjoy your meal.The thing that really surprises me about this location is how empty it is.  Maybe Chevy's just isn't that popular in Arizona?  Been here twice and both times, we were one of just a few tables.  That's all right; made for good service and fresh food.
4	Chevy's has amazing freshly made tortillas, but watch out because they're tiny and each one surprisingly contains 167 calories. They also make great quesadillas but only if they're made on their homemade tortillas. Their margaritas and desserts are also delectable, especially the little cinnamon-sugar tortilla cones with vanilla ice cream. I always had a blast here as a kid when they gave you a free sombrero on your birthday.
2	I came here again and for some reason I thought it would be a nice place to take my wife's parents. Big mistake. The service was better than usual, but the food was worse than ever. It seemed like everything we ate was just old, somehow. The best thing anyone ate was the free chips and salsa before the meal.This will probably be my final visit.
3	Kudos to Chevy's staying open on Christmas Day.  After an afternoon movie with Mom, we drove around Mesa looking for any establishment that was open.  Chevy's, while good, is only a few steps up from eating at Taco Bell for me.  I ordered the "Build Your Own" combo with the cheese enchilada, chicken taco, refried beans, and rice.  Again, it was good and the price wasn't bad (about $10), but the flavors were fairly bland.  I kept adding the complementary salsa onto the meal to kick-it up a bit.  The service was great.  The place was also kind of empty... No surprise that Chevy's isn't the place to hang on Christmas Day.
4	Ok, so to all of those yelpers who give Chevy's a low rating because it's not "authentic"...? That's like giving Spam a bad review for not being "real meat".... Duh! We all know it's not authentic, but we're not going to Chevy's to eat authentic food, we're going there because it tastes good.With that out of the way, I absolutely adore Chevy's. Their homemade tortillas are amazing, and everything I've ever had at Chevy's is delicious. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars, is just because the service can sometimes be a little "off". Other than that, I LOVE it.
2	As for the food at Chevy's---I say *meh*.  It's not horrible but it is eminently forgettable.We hadn't been to a Chevy's in years.  There used to be one in Sterling at the mall but it had long since closed.  We tried it once and the one thing that stuck in my mind was "El Machino"--- the machine that's highly visible by the entrance where you can watch an employee making tortillas.  As a result of El Machino, the tortillas are probably one of the best things about the menu.  Those same tortillas are what is used for the complimentary chips and dip.  Other than that, the rest of their food is *meh*.We went to the one in Mesa because we were looking for a place that was kid-friendly.  Chevy's fit the bill in that case.  Yet the kids all had---hamburgers!  LOL!I had a combo platter and chose a chile relleno and a crispy taco with carnitas.  The chile relleno was just ok---I have had far better.  As for the taco---the best part was the carnitas---I have to admit they had good flavor.Our son-in-law had a chicken burrito and liked it.  My husband had a taste of Chevy's platter---which, well, had a taste of several menu items.  He was not impressed.I had a frozen margarita which was just OK.   The adults at our table had a good laugh when the waitress carded me!  I'm thinking that this Chevy's got in trouble in the past for serving underage patrons.  I mean---I'm well past the legal drinking age---there's no doubt about that LOL!Our waitress was friendly and prompt---no complaints at all about the service.Yet---I can't help but wonder what the attraction to Chevy's is in a place where there is far better Mexican food around...?
5	Favorite Mexican restaurant in AZ!Great atmosphere, laid back, great prices, and GREAT happy hour deals in the Cantina!Every time I come to Phoenix, my friend and I always schedule a night out at Chevy's!  Even with the loss of a location, we still go out of our way to make time to eat there.Candace or Caitlin are the best waitresses there...friendly, quick, and they even get my order right every time!!!
3	I went to Chevy's the other night with a friend for drinks and dinner. I hadn't been there in about 10 years and remember it not being that great before. However, this time, the food was very good. I ordered some kinda of alcoholic punch which was delicious and refreshing along with a flauta enchilada combo, refried beans, rice, and tamalito. The flauta's were golden brown, crispy, and the filling was tasty. But what made them even better was the jalapeno jelly served with them. When the flauta's were gone, I found myself searching for something else on my plate to put jalapeno jelly on. The salsa chicken enchilada was terrific with a great filling, tender, moist chicken, and the sauce on top, though not like other enchilada sauces Ive tasted, was very delicious. The refried beans were surprisingly very good as well. I also was in heaven with the tamalito (Scoop of sweet corn masa?). I have a weight loss book that specifically states not to eat the tamalito from Chevys as it will kill you but I just don't see how its possible to go there and not eat it. Its just that good that I will risk whatever curse falls upon me for eating it. Lastly, their chips and salsa were some of the better ones from a Mexican Restaurant. The salsa was really cold which is what I like actually and had a good amount of spice and the chips were light and crispy, another thing I like. So there you have it, the food was pretty good, however, the service kinda sucked. The girl that was waiting on us was terrible. She acted put off when she arrived with chips and we told her we were waiting for another table in back of us to be cleaned and we were moving. Then our drinks took forever to come out. And the concluding factor that she was a terrible waitress was when she came over, asked the table next to us how their food was (we had our food too), then leaves without even asking us anything. WTF? Oh and then we asked her about a coupon when she brought the bill and shocker! she didn't know sh** about that either. Needless to say, this is where I had to drop Chevy's from the 4 stars I so wanted to give them to 3. Boooo to you crappy waitress.One final word of advise: This is not true Mexican food, its more like texmex. However, if you like just plain out good tasty food without considering the authenticity, you will like Chevy's. If you are prissy and must have authentic true Mexican food, then you probably shouldn't go here.
5	Good, fresh food. It started off well with the chips and salsa - the chips were hot, light, and crispy and the salsa was so good I ended up eating it literally by the spoonful.  The portions are very generous. Both my entree (fajita grilled chicken soft tacos) and my wife's were outstanding.
5	I have been eating at the Chevys @1335 S. Alma School Rd for years and last night I had yet another great experience. The classic chicken fajitas are always perfect and the handmade tortillas are doughy and always fresh.  If you have ever been to Chevys and seen the yellow mass of joy on every plate, that is a sweetly perfect contrast to every savory bite, called Corn Tomalito. I always put a thin coating of Tomalito on each tortilla and the combination of flavors works perfectly. Our server was Cece and she was a delight and made sure we had everything we needed.
4	There are so many reasons to love Chevy's!Awesome table side guac. It's delish and they will adjust the spiciness and chunkiness to your liking. They do great promos all the time, like buy one combo get one for a penny. Fresh homemade tortillas that you can watch being made! Fruity margaritas! Prickly pear, melon, etc.I am a very picky eater, and a vegetarian, but they are always willing to make substitution and make things totally fresh to accomodate me. This is one of the few places I will drive 25 minutes to eat at.
1	Me and my wife ate here years ago and I am not planning on going back to update this review, so here it goes. Wow talk about bad tasting food, never and I mean never in my life have the walked out leaving the whole plate of food on the table and still paid for the meal. It had no taste what so ever, I mean I grew up in a little mexican town so I know what it should taste like and it was not even close. Taco Bell has better tasting mexican food. Oh and my wife threw up in the parking lot so you know how her experience was. Just bad food.
3	Had you asked me two past trips about this place, I would given it a "5" but this past two trips...bleh!  The service was slow, made several mistakes on my order and left off items off my friends plates.  One ordered two chicken tacos and got a chimichanga?!  I had the Mar Y Tierra Combo, which was very good.  I substituted the steak fajitas for chicken, and the waitress was very good about that and got that part right.  I don't like Refried beans, so I ordered the black beans...which I think may have been spoiled a bit : (  She did bring me the refried at first, I had to ask her to fix my plate, but again, one of the reasons I keep coming back is due to the great service when they are "on."  Now, that's not to say, that I won't try it again...I'm an optimist.  The service, food and atmosphere was well done before...I keep hoping they get back to that!  I will update the next time I go.  I say give them a chance if you're in the area.  If nothing else, get a drink : )
3	I like Chevy's.  It's "good" Mexican food.  Not great, but good.  It's more Tex-Mex than Mexican.  We like to get the mixed grill.  It has a little shrimp, chicken, steak and pork...something for everyone.  My favorite part of Chevys is the freshly made chips. Yum. The food is a little greasy and the price is a little high, but every once in a while, that's okay.  My trip today was a little disappointing since they messed up my order. Oh well...I'll give them another chance.
2	Wow, what happened? We were SO looking forward to great tex-mex and we left vowing never to return again.There was one girl waiting the entire restaurant when we got there (4pm on Sun) and she was trying her best to get to everyone. When we finally recieved our order - chx fajitas and the chx salad, 10 mins later my husband had to ask somone for the tortillas and by then, his stuff was cold...all 5 peices of meat and a couple of peppers. My salad resembled a kid's meal - could it get any smaller? Yes, it tasted ok, but between the service and small portions, will definitely not be going back.Too bad, we really liked Chevy's in CA. Will do Chipotle instead out here.
5	I love, love, love Chevy's.  Their chips and salsa and the best.  The chips are warm and thin and the salsa is fire roasted.  The entrees are tasty as well but I could easily make a full meal out of the chips and salsa.
3	I liked it, but my boyfriend hated it.  I might be able to talk him into going back for a happy hr or something.  They have good specials and a nice setup for drinks with friends, but no way will he want to go back at lunch time.
3	Good food and happy hour (all day). Margs a little on the sweet and sour side. service was ok nothing great
4	So after having a not-so-great experience with the service at our most recent visit to Chevy's, I decided to make a comment through their website. I was pleasantly surprised that I had a response from the regional manager. . . THAT DAY! We are a fan of Chevy's food which is why I was really sad to have the negative experience, but the quick response from the management side was unbelievable. I hope internally the problem was resolved, but as a customer they've won back my loyalty. I will visit again. Thank you!
1	If it were not for the chips and salsa, I would never return to this restaurant. I have been going there since I was a kid. In the past year or so, the service has gotten so bad, I wouldn't even believe it is the same restaurant. I only get carry out now, and that is only when I am craving the chips and salsa. Even their carry out food service is terrible, unfortunately. My past 4 visits, I have called over 30-45 minutes in advance to my order, and upon arrival nobody has prepared it. During one visit (The Friday before 2012 Superbowl), it took me 45 minutes AFTER I arrived for them to get me 2 bags of chips and 2 portions of salsa. Another woman had been waiting there longer than me. We were both waiting on chips and salsa ONLY. That should never happen.My last visit was 3/3/12 and again, I called 35 minutes before arriving to order chips and salsa for a party. I walked in and waited 7 minutes before being greeted. The hostess then went to "find out" who took my order and returned and told me I had to go to the cantina/bar to pay and get them. Once I got in there, I stood for 15 minutes trying to get the attention of someone walking by so I could get my order. Finally a man brought it to me. I was so fed up. I do not think I can return. I am sick of being treated like they don't need or even WANT my business.I have never received an apology from any of them for taking so long, and not having my order ready, even when I gave them plenty of notice AND the orders were simple.
3	Nice lunch & staff!  :-)
