4	I really dig this place.  Very classy decor, friendly staff, nice back patio.  My only wish is that they focused more on some more high-brow cocktails...  Where are the bitters, vermouths, digestifs?  The drinks are good, but are a bit populist for my taste.
3	Crowded and carded me? Sorry, I thought drinking age in Canada was 18.  I guess my anti-aging cream is working!I agree that they were unable to make nicer drinks- wouldn't even make us a cosmo!
3	Believe it or not, that was actually my second option for the night. I confess that I was initially aiming for Bily Kun before switching to Plan B, the Czech embassy being invaded by foxes and cougars that evening.Come for the patio and feel the fresh breeze of Montreal's summer nights, while enjoying a drink in a small, cozy and romantic environment. A garden-inspired homy little corner, away from the glittering downtown lights. More of a sensual and red tone atmosphere, highly propitious for a date or an audible conversation. Nothing aiming for subversion.Drinks were creative enough to point Plan B out. Wide range of combinations are offered with different sorts of cocktails and shots. No crafting or mixology here, just feel good drinks to keep the conversation flowing. You will flow between a classic Stinger with a local touch to Japanese-inspired Tokyo shots. However, they should try to handle Cognac more accurately because too much is just too much (well, Med St Laurent regulars will probably deny it but who cares).In a nutshell, cozy bar and pleasant crowd. Don't over think it and come with a friend when it is still warm enough at night.
3	This is, in fact, generally my Plan B... when Bily Kun is full. Solid enough place.
3	This is a cute little neighborhood bar. They have a nice collection of beer. They will also serve you some food if you're hungry. The best part of this bar is the Terrasse in the back. It's really cute and it makes you want to stick around all night. And the worst part of this bar is the service. Unfortunately you can spend a lot of time looking around for a waitress, waving your hands, and wondering why are they not looking over this way. If it wasn't for the service I would give it 4 stars. Maybe you'll have better luck;)
4	Any bar that can spin Neil Young with electronica has my vote. The gin cocktails are fantastic, the place is always packed at night and the service is top notch even though the place was bursting at the seams. This is definitely the place to be when it's cold out and it's not too full of hipsters, thank god.
4	Dig this place for the packed terrace in the summer, but maybe even more so for a cozy mellow midweek 5a7 on the black couches when it's cold out. Very friendly, very bilingual staff who are relaxed and know their business, and who will sometimes surprise you with a uke story if the mood is just right. They do a nice latte here too and I appreciate the dark but clean, classy but not fancy vibe.
4	We laughed about this place all the way down the street. Plan B wasn't a back up for us it was our destination we just stumbled upon two or three other bars first. We met some friendly guys who pointed us in the right direction for post drinking activities in Montreal. We ordered Grey goose avec soda not pricey at all and came in our your own glasses..... I think Montreal has furthered our alcohol abuse.We chatted with strangers and migrated on to our next bar.
4	My travel companion and I laughed when we saw the name of this bar during the day. At night, we stumbled in and didn't realize it was the same place.It was a solid if not intentional choice. The interior is clean with cute, retro decor. There is an interesting selection of drafts and a page of mixed shots on the back of the menu, both of which had many delicious options. The bartenders were diligent though not terribly friendly, but it was late and they probably wanted to go to sleep. I vaguely remember liking the music, but I wasn't sober enough to remember what specifically was playing.There's a hair salon in Cambridge named plan b as well. I don't understand why you'd name your business that. It's like naming your kid Mediocre. I guess low expectations are easier to exceed?
4	The name is catchy (cute branding concept), bar staff have always been friendly, drink menu is good and expansive. Honestly, I love this place and it's usually my Plan A, considering I've made it a point to visit on my last two trips to Montreal.Free wifi, friendly crowd, great location...easy to see why this has become a regular stop for travelers and locals alike.
4	i'm having a hard time reviewing this place because it changes from day to day and weather to weather.i mean, i've went when it was pouring freezing cold rain in the middle of the week on a fall night and it was jam packed and loud as fuck. while at another time, it was freezing cold outside but sunny on a weekend and it was a more relaxing cozy vibe and it wasn't as packed.this plan B is confusing the heck out of me!cocktails are great though! service is decent and that's from sitting at the bar. there seems to be some regulars that always sit at the same stool. it's a bit weird when its packed.anyway, still a good place to enjoy a drink or to talk someone's head off depending on the night and time of year
