5	Fly Like an Eagle...Come Fly with Me, Come Fly with me...I'm learning to fly, but I ain't got wings.  Coming down is the hardest thing...It was really as close to flying like a bird as you can get, and I have to say it was quite serene and relaxing..almost tranquil.  You know when you see a dog hanging his head out the window of a moving vehicle, with his ears flapping in the wind and it looks as if it is at complete bliss...yeah that was me.  In a nut shell this is how it all goes:  You sign away your life.  You get to gear up in a cool helmet and slide into your 'flying cocoon'.  Then a unique one-man plane tows you into the air (this part is a bit noisy).  Once you are REALLY HIGH in the sky you release and the plane flies away and lands.  That initial release is so cool, you feel like you are floating in the skies.  Then the flying starts...seriously soaring for about 15-20min.  There is little noise except the ruffle of the wind on your glider.  The instructor shows you how to be a copilot, which was cool to learn how to steer.  Did you know you can go "Look ma, No hands" on a hang-glider?  Oh yes you can, and we did.  Adventurous Lisa E.  was like, 'hey I will let you steer and flip us around all crazy instead of letting this armature fiddle around like a bird on the short bus.'  That is when the acrobatics began.  Oh yeah I was gliding, diving, twirling, free-falling, recovering and spinning all over the sky with desert down below and the mountains in the distance.  AAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaamazeballs!  For the record if you are scared of such things, you don't have to do that part.Then came the landing, the part I was most concerned about.  It was a breeze!  Honestly smoother than landing in a commercial airplane.  The instructor definitely knows his stuff and has been hang-gliding for a long time or maybe he is just a smooth criminal.  :) No really in all seriousness, the team at Sonora Wings knows their stuff and you are in good hands.  If you have ever wanted to fly like a bird, soar like an eagle then you need to try hang-gliding!  This is also a great gift for the adventurous type!  I received my 'hang-gliding lesson' for my birthday from my dear friend Nydia and I have to say it is something I will never forget!
5	This experience was purchased for my girlfriend as a birthday gift. She had never been hang gliding and absolutely loved it! The guys at Sonora Wings are SUPER passionate about what they do. They did their best to make everyone feel comfortable and my girlfriend had an amazing time soaring at 2500 feet in the air. The place is a bit hard to find, at the end of a small airport with no real "office" to speak of. If you glide on a weekend, go to the bathroom before you come because all they have available is a port-a-potty. Other than the boxed john, everything else was superb. The business is professionally run, the men are easy to work with (flexible with rescheduling, groupon purchases, etc.) and the gliding time created a once in a lifetime memory. two thumbs up for Sonora Wings. Thanks so much for everything!
5	It was my first time hang gliding and it was totally awesome!!!  I would recommend them for first timers as well as people wanting to learn to fly on their own.  Amazing experience.  A must do!
5	Best birthday experience of my life. I wanted to try something new on my birthday and this was amazing. They were so nice and patient and explained everything to me. They even took a video of the flight so I could remember it always. It was awesome feeling weightless as well. I will definitely go back.
