3	This Starbucks is located inside Planet Hollywood.  We came around 10pm and thankfully the place was still open.  Unfortunately, despite having three employees working that night, I still had to wait a while for my drink to be made. The barista was very slow.  One other person ordered ahead of me but somehow I still had to wait 15 minutes for my coffee to be made (it was not a complicated drink). Another person who had ordered a while before me had his drink taken by someone else and they had to remake his drink. There is a lot of seating in this Starbucks. It was clean and comfortable.  Service is just slow.
2	There's three different ways I've judged the different Starbucks locations over the years.1.  Speed of service2.  Quality of their brewed iced coffee3.  Friendliness of the staffThis Starbucks was the definition of mediocrity.  The baristas were numerous during the day time, but everyone still had to wait an extended period of time for their drinks.Their iced coffee was okay, perfectly acceptable. Their staff, at least the one who rang me up, was not the friendliest.  She dropped a couple of pennies that I gave to her on the floor, and then had the gall to think I short changed her.  Minor transgression, but definitely a little annoying.One plus though, is that they have very different pastries, much more upscale than the normal Starbucks fare.
3	I hate giving bad reviews. I know is Vagas and some things cost alot. And alot of people trying to get the same thing can take time. And many people there you might be able to clean the place. But, the employees just act like they don't want to be there. The look on their faces when people ordered. Its hard to put it. Its like I had bad vibes from everyone there. I can tell you they weren't the happy smiling Mc Donalds workers. 1. Very slow2. Employees really didn't seem like they wanted to take orders.3. Very dirty. I think people from the casino cleaned it up before the  Star Bucks employees.4. I couldn't see Star Bucks aproving this place being a part of their chain. I would think they should send some one out there to check on them.
1	Order takers are rude and don't listen. Ordered a walnut muffin, and she punched in banana. Asked to have it warmed up but alas, No microwave to heat your muffin. Must be hard getting help in Vegas. However barista made a good Upside down nonfat CM. But the rest of the crew needs to pay attention. Hey, I'm from another country too. This Starbucks is in the Planet Hollywood Hotel.OK next day 2/3/2011 gave them a second chance, it is the year of the rabbit afterall,  this time my coffee was completely wrong. Ordered it upside down again and watched her put the shots in wrong. Then she calls out it is upside down, I told her it wasn't but she ignores me and doesn't want to make it again. Lowered my rating further. I visit every Starbucks no matter where I am and this is the worst. Starbucks needs to hire secret shoppers and get rid of those who really don't want to work. If you dont want to pour coffee, go do something else, it is Vegas after all.
1	It was a Saturday morning around 10:30 and the girlfriend and I needed coffee in a serious way.  Unfortunately our search for a cup of joe brought us to the Starbucks inside the Planet Hollywood.  This Starbucks just off of the casino floor is the coffee shop equivalent to your average DMV branch...a long line of customers served inefficiently and ineffectively by an incompetent and/or indifferent staff.  The line of people was approximately 25-30 deep.  After five minutes, the line hadn't budged and not a single customer that I could tell had been served their drinks.  I'm not sure whether this lack of progress was due to insufficient staffing or everyone was ordering some complex drink that required each coffee bean to be hand-picked and roasted on the premises. Needless to say since I only wanted a cup of coffee, no cream or sugar, this wasn't going to work.  We left frustrated in search of another Starbucks or similar place to get a good cup of coffee.Of note:  Word has it that this Starbucks doesn't accept the Starbucks card.  I believe it since the Starbucks at Harrah's doesn't accept the card either.  What a crock!  Avoid this Starbucks like the plague.  Your chance of getting a cup of coffee in the morning in a reasonable amount of time is less than your chance of hitting the jackpot on the progressive slots!
2	Dude i have never heard of a starbucks with a bad rating untill now.  i wanna give it 2.5 stars.  Just because the line was long and it's not there fault.  I sat on a small nice looking sofa seat untill i looked closer.. its dirty and kinda tore up.  The place does not take the starbucks card for some reason. and my latte was kinda burnt.  maybe just a bad day.. well from all the review and the star rating it been a bad forever.  oh i didn't get wifi.
4	This Starbucks gets 4 stars simply because FREE WIFI inside the casino!!!!!! Want wifi in your hotel room? $13. Venture downstairs to the Starbucks? FREE! You don't even have to buy anything @ Starbucks to mooch off their wifi. Open 24 hours! And...they do not accept Starbucks giftcards.
3	The good: quicker than you'd think.  The line may stretch out into the casino, but you'll likely have your drink in 10 min or less.The bad: not Starbucks items in the pastry case, so if you were looking for that lemon bread or salted caramel square, you're out of luck, buddy.The ugly: nothing, it was quite nice.  They don't take Starbucks cards for payment, though, that might get ugly.
1	Dirty. Expensive. Not owned by Starbucks themselves... they are privately owned which is why they do not accept Starbucks gift cards as payment.They did run my Gold Card through however, since it's not really part of the actual Starbucks company, they did not honor my Gold Card benefits. They did have some cute pastries... but those are not your typical Starbucks treats. Save your coffee addictions for a small business/ privately owned coffee shop instead of these wannabe Starbucks. My $5 tall sized Carmel Macchiato did not taste like Carmel Macchiato at all...
2	PACKED, cramped and long lines.  There is cake and muffin crumbs all over the floor. the tables are piled with dirty empty coffee cups.It is crazy how much people will do or attempt to do for a starbucks. Wait in an endless line for a less than sub-par cup of coffee...
1	There is a big sign that says "Free Wi-Fi" on the wall. I came here on Monday and the Wi-Fi did not work. I thought that it was just temporary.I came here on Tuesday and the Wi-Fi still didn't work. I came here on Wednesday and the Wi-Fi didn't work. Eventually I came to the conclusion that these people were pissing me off. This is a scam set up so you pay $13.99 for Planet Hollywood's wi-fi service. Not to mention that the prices are like double of a regular starbucks.
2	Who the hell charges a dollar for a cup of water?? If I'm ordering coffee and snacks, why would you charge a dollar for a cup of water... It's not the money factor, but more of the principle behind it all.. The starbucks around my neighborhood offer water without hesitation or charge... I just found it ridicules that they asked to pay for it...   This place seems to always be busy- but what else can you expect from a starbucks in vegas? I'll give them one thing though, they had delicious looking fruit snacks.
1	To start off: I've worked at a Starbucks for nearly 3 years. So I know how much things should be and I know when my drink is made wrong.My drink is a pretty complicated one and I get it, easy to mess up. But the guy ringing me up didn't hear me right and so he wrote down the wrong thing, therefore causing the girl making it to screw it up. And I was charged double what I should've been charged. Maybe because it's Vegas?Whatever. I paid too much for a crap drink. Good thing I don't live on Vegas.Tourists, stay away! You've been warned. If you need free wifi, go to Earl's Sandwich! The food's awesome and the wifi is free as well :)
4	Great starbucks in Planet Hollywood. It is kind of tuckedaway from the hustle an bustle of the casino, out of view of the dirty pit and concerts. it has a lot of seating and 4 comfy chairs that all have their on outlet.
2	LOOOOOOOOONG Wait just to get served.  As the line was way into the casino, I see a Starbucks Employee stocking shelves.  Understaffing leads to poor customer service.
2	Very understaffed. Long lines. And the pastries and drinks are way overpriced. $3.50 for a small cup of regular Joe. They do take Starbucks card now.
1	This Starbucks has a huge sign stating it now serves breakfast. After waiting in line for 10 minutes on 2 occasions, I was told "the delivery didn't arrive". They simply advertise something they never have.....
3	Kind of disappointed that we were charged for water.  I thought all customers are supposed to be disclosed of any additional charges.  I have never been charged for water at a Starbucks.  It was dirty, tables with drinks on them left by lazy customers.  Their wi-fi was not working at all.  Just disappointing.  Too many employees behind the back counter.
3	It's pretentious, it's inconsistent, and it's a little grimy. It's Starbucks. This location is pricey due to it's location and it's very crowded but it's the typical impatient customers, indifferent employees, and burnt coffee that you'll find at any other Starbucks. To expect otherwise is an effort in futility so lighten up people!
4	Holy roadside robbery!Coffee: more expensive than the Starbucks even at other hotels in the immediate area.Water: Even the airport does not go above $6 for a bottle of water.Hmmm, I think I got mugged at the Starbucks.  But the good news is, they donate 5 cents...that's right....5 cents from my $6 water purchase.  : )  Do not save the world all at once Starbucks...you may earn more customers if you do it slowly....
3	Waited 10 minutes in line to find out a venti iced coffee breve costs $5.68... same price as a venti iced white mocha? Questionable how that turned out to be. Paying for convenience of a Starbucks on Las Vegas Blvd I guess..... But, they do accept the starbucks gift cards to earn those stars whether it be on your phone or a physical card they take it! Even though the line took forever, the drinks came out fast and I was out in a jiffy after I ordered.
2	I'm really happy there's a Starbuck's downstairs at Planet Hollywood but I'd be much happier if I didn't have to pay a premium for my morning caffeine fix.  For what I paid for a tall drip I could have had two grandes at my local Starbucks.  Always crowded in the morning but not so much in the afternoons. There were three baristas at the cash registers at 7 am. While the line moved relatively quickly (I don't consider a ten minute wait too long btw) I was rushed in ordering and forgot to get anything to eat.  Maybe I should be glad as I can only imagine what they charge for scones.  They did provide those tray / carriers which made my carrying the coffee back to my room a lot easier.
1	Too expensive!! And that's saying something for Starbucks. And they tried to charge me a $1.50 for a cup of water. A CUP OF WATER!!!!  Overpriced and cheap with their customers/
4	Typical Starbucks
4	Free wi-fi, quick service, I can get coffee and my morning oatmeal in a flash. It's not rocket science! Prices are higher than your local Starbuck's but that is true of most of the ones located in a casino! Other than that, there is plenty of seating available (even when the line has been out the door) and the keep the place fairly clean.
1	This is located inside the Planet Hollywood, downstairs, and right in front of the valet and hotel registration area.SLOWEST SERVICE EVERRR...Valet said it would take 20 minutes to retrieve my car, so i had to kill time somehow. Looked around, saw SB, and there was only 7 people in line. Little did i know that it would take 20 minutes to get my coffee!Small fruit cup = $5, OUCH.Don't come here if you're in a hurry.
4	I totally agree with Jess Y. The guy in front of me got charged $1 for tap water. This starbucks had used drink cups everywhere.  I dont get why people don't clean up after themselves. Needs to be cleaned. This starbucks wasnt cooperate so they didnt take my amazon local 20% off. For some reason the prices are higher for starbucks on the strip!
1	Inside Planet Hollywood. i ordered 4 drinks. got 3. after waiting and seeing a few people that was in line behind me get their drinks, i went up to the barista and asked if my ice venti carmel macc on the way. the barista seemed disinterested, lucky i had my reciept this morning, normally i dont ask for a reciept.  but he (Adam?) seemed to not care, he finally made the drink after making some other drinks. i would have at least expected an apology, or for them to rush my drink since they made me wait. horrible.  this happened 5/29/2013 at 9:56 am.
4	This Starbucks is expensive and of course the lines are long, but it's to be expected - it's Vegas! There's a location on the casino floor and also one by check-in. I went to the one on the casino floor when I was in Vegas recently and they made my drink wrong and I had to bring it back - the barista who remade it was so nice about it and remade it quickly and perfectly! He was super tall and I remember his name was Adam. He made my morning, he was so nice and so funny! The reason I remember him specifically is because the other two baristas right there were too busy having a conversation about going out the night before and he was the only one paying attention. Thanks for the attentiveness and the best hazelnut macchiato ever!
3	This place is open 24/7 and staff is fairly friendly and efficient, but this place is pretty over priced compare to other starbucks in the area...also they charged us 50 cents for water -___-" I guess only come here if you're in desperate need to caffeine after hours.
2	Stayed at Planet Hollywood for four nights, with no in room coffee pot you have no choice but to buy at one of the 2 Starbucks (or get room service$$$)  This Starbucks is a total rip off!  High prices!  Long lines!  Mediocre service!  Out of Blonde roast within first hour of opening at 6am and barista was not real interested in putting more on to brew.  They ran out of Awake tea.  They advertise hot breakfast sandwiches/rolls but none available during our stay.  We could not use our Starbucks phone app to pay or accumulate points because they were having "technical issues"  Living in WA state the home of Starbucks, we were VERY disappointed!
3	Not an easy find when you first walk into Planet Hollywood, and if I wasn't eating at Gordon Ramsey, it'll be easy to miss.But it's got a great seating arrangement, feels like a lounge, and needless to say, lots of ppl watching here, facing the casino.
1	The worst green tea frappucino I ever had came from this location. They charged me 10.00 for a grande frap and a grande cup of coffee.
