4	Took my mini poodle Peaches there for the first time Friday to get her hair did :) I normally go to Top Dogs Grooming but didn't want to drive out there and wanted to try a place closer to my casa out in the super east valley...so I took my precious Peaches to A Touch of Class and was very happy. In fact, I think they are going to be my new groomers. I paid $50.00 but that was for the whole deal. Including the hair cut, nails, glands, teeth and all the fancy shampoos and conditioners. Plus my Peaches had been spending some vacation time at Bar Eleven Ranch in Globe, AZ. So she had been acting like a "real" dog and was filthy. When I picked her up, she was a happy dogger and she looked so pretty. The cut was PERFECT, exactly what I asked for. Plus she smelled so yummy. She was so soft I couldn't stop rubbing my face all over her...yes, I know I am a crazy person :) BUT if you are out this way and want a good groomer who will do what they say, swing on by A Touch of Class. You and your doggy will be happy you did so!
5	The ladies at A Touch of Class are AMAZING! I have a Weaton/Bejon mix named Taz who is very difficult to groom, she likes to wiggle. Pets Mart and PetCo have both told me never to bring her back.  The ladies are incredibly nice and friendly, they are kind with Taz, you can tell they are true animal lovers! They are the only groomers who are patient enough to wash and groom my dog! We have not been in for a while because Taz has developed allergies which i hear is not uncommon for Weatons, but as soon as she is better we will definitely be back!!
5	I took my pug in for a bath and nail trim. He looked great and smelled good too. Staff was friendly and helpful. I got his teeth brushed too. I paid $35.00 for everthing. They also filed his nails which is something I never thought to do. He even got a cookie when he left! I really liked it here and so did my Charlie.
5	This is a wonderful place to take your dogs for grooming.  They are all great groomers, care about your pet, and are very friendly to all the customers.  We found them because we had been going to "Smoochie Poochie" across the street, and they were horrible.  Their prices are cheaper, but you get what you pay for right!?!  Prices here are very competitive, and you can feel confident when your leaving your baby there for three or four hours to not be neglected.  Love this place, and feel safe leaving our little Sookie and big King, before he passed : ( , for excellent grooming care.
5	I have a rescue chow mix. I have had a very hard time finding a place to get her groomed.  I found this place on Yelp!  They are awesome!  Great price and great service!  Hannah looks like a new dog!  I will be back!!
5	I took my cat and Chihuahua there for a bath and brush to get all the loose hair off. Did and excellent job! Plus the toenails were cut nice and short and ears where cleaned very good! My cat had extremely dirty ears and does not like her ears cleaned. I was very happy with the grooming!!
