5	This place is so cool!Organic Hummus, fresh Ezekiel Bread, loads of locally grown organic produce. There is some more esoteric stuff there- like infused olive oils from Queen Creek Olive Mill and organic  "Millet" crackers if you're so inclined.It's just so cool buying produce grown straight from Arizona soil. This also takes place EVERY Friday on the greens in front of the Mesa Amphitheater.
4	I was torn between giving this 3 and 4 stars - This is a smaller farmers market compared to others in the Phoenix area, but for me, I rather like that. It's convenient and easy for me to get here, and being on a Friday morning it doesn't get the crowds the weekend and evening markets get.  Booths line up on both sides of the sidewalk in front of the Mesa Amphitheater, which makes the walkway rather narrow and with the large number of babies in strollers you're bound to get in the way.  That's the bad part.I've been here twice now, the first time my biggest motivation was for The Tamale Store after buying some at the Phoenix Public Market.  The best part was buying local veggies and tomatoes that taste like tomatoes should.  The line for the Windmill Farms check out was very long the first time, so the next time I came, I got here early, made that my first stop and was in and out quickly.  Other vendors include Pork On a Fork, Doctor Hummus (must buy the the Sundried Tomato Basil Pesto!), Donna's Bakery, Dry Bay Fish Company, Storino's (love the vanilla fig balsamic), a co selling grass fed beef (forgot which one), the pickle guy with pickled asparagus, and of course a few booths selling salsas and a few with arts and craft stuff.  And you must be sure to see the baby goats!!  They are just so freaking cute :)I like having this market close by and if I just buy what's on my list, I can be there and back home within an hour.
5	Disclosure: I am a vendor at the market.Having disclosed that, though, the Mesa Farmers Market has hung in there for well over a decade and the customers who flock to it are a dedicated bunch, who are seriously interested in supporting this market and watching it grow from a few vendors to dozens.  The market managers and main farmers are seriously dedicated to getting the local food producers into the view of the public.
1	I was so disappointed when I arrived. Their website makes it seem like a big place. I went for food and hand made soaps, which was what they advertised on the site.There were only about 10 booths. Only one booth was selling food and their veggie prices were astronomically high! I've never seen veggies that expensive before. There was no soap. Most of the "farmers market" was selling commercial products and "as seen on tv" type of cooking products (It was like a small Mesa Market Place Swapmeet, if you've ever been there). There was one lady selling stained glass that could possibly be handmade. Maybe it was the time of year? I went at the end of October. Does anyone know if there's a better time to go?
