3	Ah, happiness is a new buffet in town!  Here's Rancho Papa Chulo's, where they now have a weekday lunch buffet, so I dropped in today to give it a try.This is a fairly large place, nice inside, & it was easy to find a comfortable place to sit.  The music volume & the interior light were both ok.I started with some really good Chicken Vegetable Tortilla Soup, & a nice salad with Cilantro (?) dressing.  My server brought out some warm, tasty chips & salsa, & then it was on to Spanish Rice, refried beans, chicken fajitas, cheese enchiladas, & home style potatoes with cheese, peppers & onions.Just a few gripes:*  The paper towel dispenser in the bathroom has a little recessed knob you have to either turn with your finger that you've just washed (& are about to pick up chips with), or go get some (clean?) toilet paper to do it with!*  The salsa was way too mild for my taste...  no zing at all.*  Rather small food selection.*  There were no tortillas to complete the Chicken Fajitas, only the filling!With that said, my server was friendly & appreciative, the food was tasty overall, & it's an excellent value at only $5.99!
3	I feel torn with this review and feel like I need a few star selections. Food-a solid 3 Stars-It was Good and hot and hit the spot. They bring you out a basket of chips and then a really tasty salsa and a spicy bean dip. Both were really good. We ran out of chips and our server never brought us or asked us if we wanted more :( I could have eaten those chips and salsa all night. I got the taco combo, it was decent. I really wanted a tamale, but all they had were chicken and I am a straight up cheese and green chili tamale girl, so that was a bummer. Hubs got the Fajitas, they came out sizzling and he ate it all, however the flour tortillas they supplied were really thin and stale, not fresh at all. Atmosphere 4 stars-So we pull in and think, woah this place is hoping and weren't sure how long we would ahve to wait to be seated as all the parking spots out front and down one whole side are filled up. As it turned out, people were parking there and going over to black angus next door. We walked in and it was a ghost town. there was only 1 other table seated. This was a Monday night at about 6:30-7ish. We were seated and our server was there right away. Its really pretty chill in there. It looks like an old Spanish home, lots of cool decor. The bar area was HUGE and if you are a sports fan they had a game projected on a huge wall. Service 2 stars-Right off the bat I loved our server. He gave us a 2 thumbs up every time he came to our table or asked us a question. To funny. He was on top of everything up until we got our food, then we never saw him again. We finished eating and sat, and sat and sat. About 10 minutes goes by since we quit eating and the manager happens by, we flag him down and say we are ready for our bill, he takes our plates and poof gone. We sit, and sit and sit. 5 minutes later I look back and the manager is sitting at a table with some people, not sure if they worked there or were customers, just laughing it up, not cool. We STILL hadn't received our bill. WTF. Another 5 minutes goes by, at this point I am ready to get up and walk out. If they cant be bothered to bring me my bill to pay, then I'm out. Finally our server appears WITH OUT THE BILL!!!! I hand him my card and tell him we are ready to go. Oi. By this time there were 3 tables seated, so its not like they were slammed and there were at least 7 people working that I counted, they should have been all over us like flies on poop. So anyway, had we not had to wait soooo long for our bill and maybe saw our waiter at least once during our meal to see if we needed anything else, then this would have been a better experience. I will give them another shot for sure, the chips and salsa really were the bomb and I like saying papa Chulo
4	We ate here for Sunday brunch, which for $13.99 buffet you can't beat. I really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere. A mariachi band was performing live, which added to the fun vibe. My only complaint was the service. The staff was very nice, but our server wasn't very attentive. I saw other servers offering drinks to their tables but we were not. We also had to wait quite a while for our check. Overall, I would definitely return.
2	This is a mediocre Mexican restaurant. I ate there with my family and service was slow even though he restaurant was empty. I strongly disagree with precious comments about the arroz con pollo it was boring un-inspired food I could go to many other places with better food for far less money. El torrito was by far superior
1	Stopped in on a Thursday afternoon.  Ordered a Texas Style CHIMI (I assume everyone knows they are deep fried).  They do not warm their metal plates (Strike One).  My Chimi was not deep fried which made it a regular burrito (Strike Two), the toppings were tepid which probably from the unheated metal plate.  They sent it back and remade it, now the Chimi was correctly made but the beans and rice were cold because they were plated on the unheated metal plated while the Chimi was cooking (Strike Three).   For a first time visit , I'm sorry but that don't cut it.  Good thing its not a pay before you eat place.  Its not really worth a star at all.
4	I've eaten at this place two times.  First time, food was good and service was great.  Second time....OMG!Went there with a $30 Groupon with a friend.  First off, the waited didn't speak but a few words of English.  Are you kidding?  We finally get the order straight with our no hable Ingles friend, the waiter, which, by the way, took some time.  But we weren't in a hurry and it was ok.Food was surprisingly okay again.  No complaints there.Then we get the bill:  $27.63 on the bill.  We give him the $30 Groupon which more than covers it plus a $5 tip.He comes back with another BILL for the balance of $2.37 and stands there.  Being engrossed in a conversation, we didn't get why he was standing there WAITING FOR MORE MONEY when we should have gotten more back.  Finally my friend gives him another $2 just to get rid of him.For gosh sakes, Rancho Papa Chulo, hire someone who speaks some English at least.  I'd give the food really a B+ cause it was pretty darn good both times, but the service the second time was really an F+.Just for clarification:  1st time I ate there I had the fajitas, 2nd time I had the quesodillas with fajita meat.
5	Ok, I have dined here for many, many years (under new ownership) and the thing that keeps me coming back every time are the chips and salsa.  Hot, and fresh chips with just the right amount of saltiness, with salsa that includes a multitude of ingredients, I can honestly say this is the best salsa I've had at any restaurant, period.  As much as I frequent Mexican restaurants, or visit Mexico for that matter, that says a lot for Rancho.  I will drive out of my way just to have a basket of warm tortilla chips placed in front of me with fragrant, almost spicy, salsa to accompany it.  But this is just the precursor to the meal.  The "Chili Relleno" is phenomenal, light and fluffy with a smattering of cotija cheese on top--an excellent dish Rancho has continued and mastered. The guacamole is seasoned perfectly with chunks of tomato and avocado and is gourmet and creamy.On to the main dishes, and to many patrons delight, the Carne Asada and the Fajitas Ardientes are decidedly authentic.  We'll start with the Carne Asada, generous portions of beautiful Angus Beef that slice easily with a fork.  Tender, and a secret recipe guarded well by the Chef, the Carne Asada receives the most compliments and rave reviews from everyone.  The show-stopper is Fajitas Ardientes--flames shooting high from tequila and a marinade of adobo sauce, and varied spices always turn the heads of restaurant patrons.  And who doesn't love tequila?!!  Now, for the best part.  Sunday is a very generous CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH!!  Inexpensive, a HUGE assortment of hot and cold stations such as an omelet bar, taco bar, menudo, fruit stations, waffle stations, desserts, and agua fresco.  Did I mention Champagne??  If you're lucky, mariachis will serenade you, but only if you want them to.  Otherwise, they're unobtrusive.Visit Rancho Papa Chulo's and try any of their amazing dishes.  Seriously good food and friendly staff!
2	A debate between 2 and 3 stars.Food was actually okay.  Not great, but not bad.  Nachos with chunks of seasoned meat, sour cream, fresh guac, slice jalepenos, etc... pretty generously sized for like $8.   We enjoyed it, and it was very filling. Salsa was top notch.  Fresh, spicy, good.  My wife and I each had fajitas, and shared with kids.  Very family friendly place.  8pm Saturday, only about 15 people in the whole restaurant.Chicken fajitas were better than shrimp, nicely cooked and sliced.  Lots of shrimp, but smaller shrimp than I would have liked for a $15 entree.  My wife thought it would have been better if there were more veggies... it was about 2/3 meat.Service was good and courteous.This used to be a chain restaurant for a decade, and then it shut down due to lack of business.  The general manager of the restaurant under the chain took over the lease and is running a very similar restaurant under his own management.The inside is fairly standard, if a bit dated. Bottom line, the food was okay.  I wouldn't hate eating there again, but in a city full of amazing "hole in the wall" cheap Mexican restaurants and really fun upscale "new" Mexican fare, it just doesn't do enough to distinguish.  And for the prices, it needs to distinguish, because I think it is at the high end for the food quality and the setting.I do wish the new owner the best though.
4	My husband & I took our kids here last Sunday, with another couple. We had a Groupon Now, which was why we decided to try it. Sundays, they have a delicious brunch buffet that includes champagne or Horchata. They have a lady making fresh tortillas (that are just okay) and an omelet station. The buffet had two varieties of soup, waffles, churros, mexican pudding, fresh fruit, beans, rice, flavorful meat, several desserts and all the juice and Horchata one could want. Kids 3 and under eat at the buffet for free, which is a big plus in our book!We must have had the same waiter as Lucky T., because we had to ask the manager for menus, what the price of the buffet was, etc, as the waiter would just nod and walk away. He'd come back empty handed and with a puzzled look on his face.The mariachi band was great to listen to and very friendly. They played a couple of songs at our table, and played a special chicken song for the kids. We will probably go again on a Sunday.
3	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =Sadly, Rancho Papa Chulo's here has closed, & taken their tasty Buffet with them!     :-(
