2	There are better, less expensive places to take the kiddos to burn energy.  There are only four inflatables and one of them is pretty tricky for kids under three.  One is limited to the under 3 crowd.  So, that leaves three inflatables for a lot of customers. More importantly though, I have never taken my kids to a bouncy place where I have witnessed so many kids getting injured.  Lots and lots of tears and crying and genuine injuries.  We've been twice and we won't be back.
5	Baxter's Bunch is a great local business!  My daughter (age 6) loves this place.  We've been to several birthday parites there (which are super fun).  And I love that is is much cleaner than other bounce house establishments.  It's easy to keep up with your kids and they also have free wifi (a nice perk for adults).  I also like that they offer more than just inflatables- they want to teach kids about being healthy and taking care of their bodies (a message that isn't heard often enough for kids of this generation).
5	I have been to the other bouncy places and Baxter's is by far my favorite. The staff is incredibly friendly and my daughter has a ball every time she visits. It is a little more pricey, but it is closer to my home and it is a place that is not overwhelming for my daughter. I like this because it is smaller than some of the other places, but still has a great variety of things to do. I like that I can pretty much keep an eye on my daughter no matter where I am in the facility. There are also staff 'referees' so to say so I know she won't get trampled on by other kids. I have never felt that this place was unsafe. I think it is important that you keep an eye on your kids no matter where you have them play. The food options are great too! Kudos Baxter's Bunch!!
4	We decided to have my daughters 5th birthday party here.  After 4 years of having a bunch of kids at our house, we decided to leave it to someone else this year.  They basically tell you to just bring the kids & a cake and they will handle the rest.They were very helpful when booking the party and made everything pretty seamless.  When we showed up this morning, we were greeted warmly by our party coordinator, Jessie and she brought us to our party room and explained the setup. We had the room for 2 hours, the first hour was basically a play hour where the kids get to enjoy all of the bounce houses, rock climbing and toddler play area.  The second hour we spent in the room where the kids got to enjoy pizza, juice and cake.  Our coordinator was with us for this time and helped serve the food and cake.  There was still time left over and the kids were able to play some more.  The bounce houses were very much age appropriate and they stagger the parties so there's not 50 kids running around rampant all at once.  For the money, this place couldn't' be beat.  It was clean, organized and there was plenty of staff to man the equipment and make sure the kids didn't injure themselves.  I read the other reviews and think that you also need to assume some sort of responsibility, especially in a place like this, for your kids safety which should mean taking an active role in helping out.  They have a "sit down" area but I tried to walk around as much as possible to make sure the kids were having fun in a safe manner rather than relying on just the staff.  They also gave my daughter a nice book and picture frame which was signed by all the kids at the party as a nice parting gift.We looked at other similar places for our daughters party and found Baxter Bunch Playhouse to be the best value for our money.  We left very pleased and hope to return soon!
5	I signed my son up for a variety of summer day camp sessions, and have to say that the Baxter's Bunch Summer Camp program has been hands-down the best, and especially blows the summer camp program at Discovery Place away. My son loved it and looked forward to attending each day, which is unusual for him! The activities were not run of the mill and standard, but very creative. The play area is filled with a variety of bounceables and a climbing wall, and is very well-supervised. The tuition is more than reasonable, and the staff are well-trained and attentive, and the children love them. They also provided nutritious meals that are included in the price, as well as a snack area with healthy, organic options. My son will definitely be attending next summer!
5	The kids had a great time!  Very clean and the staff was extremely friendly. We had fun on the inflatables and the rock climbing walk. I liked that their staff was stationed at each activity. They do have healthy options like carrots, apples, applesauce and organic milk and juice.
2	Since my last post we have been three more times (all within the past month), and only because we were invited to birthday parties.  I am still shocked by how unsafe this place seems.  I had hoped they would have installed better safety controls - better padding and more staff.  At the last party, they did have one "referee" on the floor, but every time I saw him he was rough housing as bad as the kids - flipping kids over, pushing them down slides, etc.  He was a part of the chaos vs. controlling it.  Again, on all three visits, there were multiple kids crying from injuries.
4	This kids play area was super clean and loaded with competent staff that helped supervise the kids. My daughter (5) did the rock wall 3 different times and bounced all over the place in the different inflatables. It could get a little loud, but you are at an inflatable party place with excited kids. I liked Baxter's but it is a little far from our house (Ballantyne) to justify coming here regularly (weekly). They offer healthy options for snacks like organic juice, some fruits and yogurt. You can choose to get something healthy or regular kid food like pizza, chips, chicken nuggets and drinks made with high fructose syrup. It's the parents job to guide the child to the best choice but it can be hard once your kid sees the junk food among the healthy options. Also, for the people that complain about the "unsafe" atmosphere -  seriously? It's air conditioned, enclosed space, with a check in & out system to deter weirdos and pedophiles. That seems pretty safe to me, however, I am one of those parents that takes an active role in parenting and we start by setting boundaries of what is "safe behavior" and what is not. This is not a place to just let your child run free and expect them to be babysat by some teenager making minimum wage.  It is a fun place to let your kid get out some energy, make new friends and test their strength while you supervise.
5	I wish we lived closer to this place. Only 7 dollars to get our son in (and parents did not have to pay) and they could play all day. My son had so much fun and it was such a reasonable price. I will be back if we are in the area.
