5	This is probably really only a 4.5 star rating but I have to give it 5 because there was a shower in the locker room which, as we headed straight from the course to the airport, made the trip back home much more pleasant.Of the 4 courses played on a recent trip I think this is the one that I would most be interested in playing on a regular basis if I lived in the area.  Some of that has simply to do with the location - it was only ~20 minutes from our Scottsdale hotel.  I also really liked the practice facility which includes a chipping green with some bunkers.  And the course itself is a good challenge, interesting and in excellent shape with fast and firm greens (that actually had a very distinct grain as well which made it that much more challenging).  There are usually several different ways to play virtually every shot given the contours of the land.  It's definitely the kind of course where there are good and very bad places to miss shots.In terms of general setting, there are some great views of the surrounding mountains.  The clubhouse was nice and clean.  And I really liked that they were actually grilling hot dogs/brats... at the 10th tee.  This is another course I will definitely look to play when in town again.
5	Great fun and gorgeous!!   The opening holes have concave, downhill fairways.  You can crush.  Starting off I was probably averaging in the 300's for driving distance.  That'll get your confidence up.  This place should be in your line up for a phoenix golf trip for the hotness level of the cart girls alone!  wow!  Also, hit We-ko-pa right up the street if you gonna play 36-hole.   I can't wait to get back.
5	Wow for the money and the experience this is probably one of the better courses in the Scottsdale area.  I personally think this course is WAY better than Troon in terms of character and challenge.  And harder than We-Ko-Pa.We-Ko-Pa is great for scenery because there aren't any houses, but Eagle Mountain is not far behind.  The slope rating from the gold tees (6800 yards) is 136 but it plays higher than that.  The greens are wonderful and by that I mean the shape and condition.  They are also slick, sloping and hard to hold from the fairway.  I enjoy the challenge though some may find it frustrating...I would say these greens are pro-caliber in their difficulty and speed.  Be gentle from above the hole.Overall its just a great layout, very few holes are next to each other, they take great advantage of the canyons in which they are built and have a good combination of risk-reward.  18 is as pretty a finishing hole as you will see.Tip:  practice on the putting green by the clubhouse its much more realistic to whats on the course vs the flatter one down by the driving range.
5	I could play this course over and over again.  Very nice set up and everyone was very helpful.  I wish that I would have played this before Longbow, because I wouldn't have wasted my money at Longbow.  I have a OB Golf card and it gives me a discount at both courses, plus We-Ko-Pa.  I can't wait to come back and play both courses at We-Ko-Pa, and I will definitely play Eagle Mountain again.  Every hole looked great, greens were very fast and it was tough to keep an approach shot on the green. Great job on having water on every other hole, and cups on the golf cart.  Food cart......saw her at the beginning of the round and then on 17.  Not very good, but wouldn't change my opinion.  Do wish the BBQ was open when we made the turn, a hot dog would have been great.
4	I'm a fan of this course since I scored my record round!  Although I have to admit, the course did seem forgiving.  Everything kind of sloped to the center of the fairway.  The course was in pretty good condition granted the hot weather.  I think I paid $35, and the course was in better shape than the shit courses I play in the bay area at a higher cost.  Plus, as you driving from hole to hole you can see the beautiful mansions in the area - dreamy!Also, the staff was very nice and the facility was well kept.
4	This is a course I keep coming back to time and time again.  I bought their OB Golf Club and have golfed most of their courses, and this is my favorite.  I bring my friends here when they visit, because with the OB card, they also get discounted rates.  And universally, after I ask them at the end of their visit, which of the OB courses they liked the best, it is Eagle Mountain.Every time I have played, the condition of the course was immaculate. The advantage of this course, over the We-Ko-Pa courses, is that the carries aren't as bad, and seems to be more forgiving.  It is surrounded by homes, but they are back enough that they do not come into play.Finally the staff was friendly, and helpful.  The only thing keeping it from 5 stars was that it took a long time to play.  Every time I have played it has been "cart path" only, which really adds to the time it takes to play (especially if you are in the opposite rough).I highly recommend it to everyone, and it should be everyone's list of courses to play.
5	Eagle Mountain is awesome.  It's playable, and at the same time offers some unique challenges.  Not as difficult as some of the other courses in the area, but it's just as fun.  The best thing about Eagle Mountain is the elevation changes on almost every hole.  You're hitting uphill, or you're hitting downhill... Keeps it interesting.  The condition wasn't excellent, but that's expected for a few weeks before overseeding.The staff is very helpful and friendly... They even dropped off some cold mango towels, which is unusual for a non-resort course.  They definitely take care of you here.If you live in AZ, make sure you book it through their website at the resident rate.  Save a few bucks that way.
5	I have played this course two times now.  From the moment you pull up, you feel like you are at a private course.  The staff is very friendly and professional.  The views are breathtaking and both times I have played, the course has been in impecable shape!  The course is challenging, but still enjoyable.  Lots of holes that are down hill (great for long tee shots!).  This is one of my favorite courses in the area!
1	Although I've never played this course, I give it one star because of their 48hr cancellation policy. If you are an out of town golfer do not book at this course, because if you can't make your round for any reason you WILL be charged regardless. You've been warned.
4	Eagle Mountain is consistently on most snowbirds' list of "must plays in the Valley". This was my second go-round the hills, great sights, and undulating fairways and greens of Eagle Mountain and my first as a permanent resident in the Valley. As soon as I stepped up to the first tee, my memory card on this course kicked into high gear. The vast majority of holes were in great shape from tee to green. The tee boxes were cut very well with only a few bearing that "overplayed" look. A few fairways were burnt out in patches and one or two greens were in a bit of repair but these were minor blemishes on what is a fantastic layout. Eagle Mountain offers lots of variety. Long and short Par 3s and Par 4s with 3 out of the 4 Par 5s offering true scoring chances. For the price ($75 from GolfNow), playing this course was a steal. It may not be on the level of a Troon North, We-Ko-Pa or Southern Dunes but it can't be beat if you're looking for both awe-inspiring Valley sights and a well-manicured and vacation-worthy 18 hole experience.
3	Scenic Golf CourseEven with a cart it is difficult to walk, cart paths are much higher than the greensVery few flat lies on the golf courseThe day we played the greens were probably rolling at a 6 on the meter, incredibly slow, the greens are very large and it is difficult to tell if you are putting up or downhillAside from the greens the course was fun to playWe got a summer deal and only played $30 so we got what we paid for
5	I golfed Eagle Mountain in early April.  It was an excellent course and very enjoyable experience.  The staff was friendly, the course well maintained, and the clubs I rented were nice (titleist ap1).  I started at 3:15 and wrapped up 18 holes by 6.  The course is very quiet and has great views.  All in all great first Scottsdale golf experience!
5	Great course with fantastic views on the back 9. Challenging but fun and the scenery is great. Would definitely play again and recommend to others to play as well.
5	Favorite course in AZ. The fairways are soooo forgiving. I love how everything funnels into the middle of the fairway.  The staff were all very friendly. Borderline 4 star review however. Word to the staff..... Please do not tell golfers there will be food at the turn if there will not be food at the turn.... some women don't react well to challenging golf courses while running low on blood sugar. "This is my nightmare!!"
