4	Buying groceries isn't one of my favorite things to do, but it has to be done. When I just need an item or two I will stop into other shops but when I need a cart full of food, Smith's Food & Drug Center is where I go.There is an Albertson's near my house that I could easily go to instead of Smith's...  I have found the prices to be better overall at Smith's though. The staff at Smith's is always very helpful as well. The meat slicers in the deli (mmmm, Boar's Head) and the stockers in the produce department are always nice and the cashiers are well trained and efficient.Make sure to sign up for the Smith's Rewards program. They keep track of how much money you spend and every three months they mail out coupons for the items you bought most often as well as a coupon for dollars off your next purchase (it's directly related to how much you spent in that 3 months period).
4	They had everything I needed!  Clean store with fresh sandwiches!
4	This place has never done me wrong.  I love coming here because things are inexpensive and fresh.  From my pics, you can see how nice the produce was.  They had a great selection of meats, as they always do.  What really made a great experience for me was the deli today.  I went to the deli because I wanted some fresh cut meats and cheeses for sandwiches at home.  The older lady that worked the counter was soooo sweet!  I really enjoyed her.  I chose a mesquite smoked turkey and a domestic provolone cheese, which she didn't have up front at the counter.  She told me she had to go in the back, so I apologized out of common courtesy and she made it very clear to me that it was her pleasure to get those items for me.  When she came back, she started to slice them and then stops midway.  She comes back to me at the counter and hands me a meat paper with a slice of both turkey and provolone.  Now I know reading this, you probably might think, "big deal, she gave you a lunchable!"  In life the small things mean the most to me and the fact that she wanted to let me try this as she finished, without asking me, meant a lot to me.  Add in the fact that this place, like most places nowadays, has a self checkout, I'd say this grocery store is top knotch!  The food may not be top grade like a Whole Foods, but the service I got today was 2nd to none!
4	While WalMart may be the largest grocer in America, some of us want something different. Like produce without mold or GMO offerings that aren't marked. A deli with someone smiling behind the counter. A meat department with someone working the counter that knows the difference between 80/20 and 94/6. And oh yes, speedy checkouts and self-checkout options. Kroger owns Smith's and while they might just be the second largest Grocery chain in America these days behind WalMart, they kick WalMart's rear end more often than not. Kroger has been a "FULL SERVICE GROCER" for a long time, and they still know how to do it right. Also for those who want to try their hand at extreme couponing, while Nevada doesn't have the double coupon deals like some states have, Smith's has helped me maximize my budget between my coupons and their sales and 10 for 10 deals. And I'm talking serious budget maximization. (Sorry, I don't share my secrets, please don't ask).And one last thing: A quick breakdown of Southeast Henderson food shopping options goes like this. Whole Foods - Use for premium meat, supplements, chemical free soaps, etc. Albertsons: Excessively priced, high quality produce, pain in the rear checkouts. Vons: Once my favorite, they've slipped in selection and quality control. Produce is good, Bakery is very good. Deli is hit or miss. Checkout is the place where you cool your heels, don't go there in a hurry. Fresh & Easy: Small selection, slightly higher prices, seen produce and meat quality issues here. Check what you buy carefully. Winco: Gotta know your items and prices, has bulk items, you can save mega $$$ here, but service sucks and the store can be a ZOO, payment options are restricted, and you gotta bag your stuff. Cuevas: It's a Mexican Supermarket. And one of Henderson's hidden in plain site gems. But it's also a category all to itself. That leaves Smith's as the place to go when you just want to shop without hassle.
4	This Smith's is newly remodeled and awesome.  The prices are always very good at this store and I've never been treated better by a staff.  There is a Walmart close to here but it draws in the lower clientle and Smith's is left for hard working Henderson regulars.  Love it!
5	I love going grocery shopping. I love exploring.I have always been treated friendly there, whether it be by the meat department, cashiers, and there is a tattoo'd associate in the produce, who is always very friendly, and speaks to everyone he sees.Their breads they make in store are delicious. The three cheese bread is my family's favorite. They are even starting to carry sushi, which are yummy as well. I also see that they carry some special items, like Cayman Jack and large single blue moon/shock top beers (perfect for when I make beer battered fish/onion rings)The remodeled store is beautiful. But the parking lot is terrible, because Smith's is always, always bumpin'! And I love smith's because I save on gas at shell! Today, I saved .60 cents a gallon, and paid 2.91 for gas, and they give you that discount up to a dollar! They make it really easy for you to save money, especially now when you can load digital coupons onto your shoppers card online! I had a steal today on Kraft shredded cheese (making pizza tomorrow) it was on sale, and then I had an additional .50 cents off.The only thing that I don't buy there is body products/shampoos/baby/detergent.That I save for Sally beauty supply, [in the same parking lot] or Target, or if I am feeling brave, Walmart. Because they are just too pricey.
1	Smith's Pharmacy at this location leaves alot to be desired!  These women that work at this location act like they despise their job and act like it's their first day at their job!  They don't want you to cross their imaginary line....but refuse to actually place a line on the ground!!!  These women are the rudest employees at a pharmacy that I've ever seen in my life!  Do yourself a huge favor....and go anywhere but here!  They don't even deserve one star....nor do they deserve their job they should be greatful for!
4	Friendly service and always accommodating with my students who have disabilities.  Great place to shop.
4	Most convenient place for us to shop because we live so close. My only complaint is that workers seem to disappear right when you need them at the self check out. I swear 9 times out of 10 when we use self check out and need to be carded or "attendant has been notified" they disappear and we are looking around for them. Other than that everyone is kind and helpful. Would also recommend the pharmacy for the great customer service we always receive.
