4	To give 4 stars on Yelp is to say 'Yay! I'm a fan.' - and truthfully, I dont think anybody can be a fan of a pharmacy, because generally if you are in here it means you are ill.However, as far as Pharmacies go, this is a good one. Not only are the staff fast, efficient, know what they are doing and friendly - it also sells just about everything that a student could need. Theres shampoo to water-disinfecting tablets for journeys. Thats really saying something when you could consider everything in between is crammed into this tiny shop as well.
3	I can't help but giggle in here....my old flatmate (who nobody liked very much) came in here once complaining of having a really sore lady-part. After a short interview the pharmacist concluded that it was probably the fact that my ex-flatmate had just been to see her boyfriend for the weekend and had too much fun...hehe!Jokes aside, this is a decent enough pharmacy. I agree with Jonathan M, it's a friendly place and generally nice enough. It's pretty average really....
3	It's very easy to feel awkward in a pharmacy. It's especially easy to feel awkward in this pharmacy. It's not that the staff aren't friendly or that they're inefficient (I feel sorry that they have to deal with so many students, whose main complaints are probably of a sexual nature). It's just that you'll probably bump into SOMEONE you know there, and depending on what you're there for, it can get really unpleasant. Or maybe I'm just neurotic. They do definitely have a bit of everything. They even have socks! I mean, I'm quite used to drugstores (yes, drugstores) in America selling absolutely everything you could possibly need (they make supermarkets seem obsolete), but this pharmacy does a pretty good job too.
3	At least there's one part of the uni health centre that's vaguely efficient, which is more than can be said for the GP surgery above this pharmacy. Luckily, I've only been in here a handful of times, but every time I go I'm always pleasantly surprised at how quickly your pills and potions are ready.Which is just as well, given that it's the smallest pharmacy in the history of the entire world. Some would say it's just well-stocked, but I would say it's just cluttered and annoying. Yes, it's convenient being able to buy shampoo and chocolate bars in the same place, or when your tights ladder and you need a new pair or at least some clear nail varnish to dab on the rip. But what definitely isn't convenient is the fact that every time you turn around you knock something onto the floor.
4	The staff here are friendly and fast-working, and I was pleasantly surprised at how quick they were at filling my prescription. After being used to London queues and long waits at the pharmacy, I was happy to wait just a few minutes here! It also scores highly on convenience being within the Uni campus. The only downside is that it is quite small and I feel like I will bump something over inside since space is so tight. That said, they have three pharmacists for this tiny space so are highly efficient, and they stock all the basics.
