2	A friend and I visited Pat Thai after I received a call from a man who said that if we mentioned his name we'd get two meals for the price of one.  He got my name from the owners of the previous restaurant (Sumantha), apparently, though I don't remember providing the number.Anyway, I figured I'd offer the free meal to my friend, so off we went.  First of all, the place is TEENY- like a large living room. When you walk in you are smack amongst the diners.  We were seated at a table that was so close to another occupied table that we decided to sit together on the same side to avoid interrupting the other diners.We mentioned the man's name and the waitress nodded, saying that we would get a free appetizer. We said no, we would get a free MEAL, right?  She smiled and got some information and then agreed that we would get the second meal free.  With that, we looked through the menu to decide on what we wanted. I decided upon mussaman, which is my favorite Thai dish (well, 2nd favorite dish. Tom kha gai is my favorite). My friend had yellow curry with seafood.  We shared a stuffed chicken appetizer which we named Chickchicken, as it was a chicken stuffed with chicken. In style, it looked like a giant fried drumstick with a roulade-looking interior. Unfortunately, Chickchicken was DRY and simply not very good. It gave the impression of having been assembled and frozen at a Chickchicken factory (it may be available at Costco).  Disappointing beginning. Then the entrees arrived.  My mussaman with fried tofu was flavorful, but after a few bites the overwhelming saltiness was too much for me.  It also had a very peanutty flavor that I thought was overdone.  In counterpoint, however, the potato chunks were UNDERdone.  I ended up eating a few bites and then calling it quits.  My friend's curry dish, which she ordered with a "heat factor scale" of 4, was strangely bland.  No depth of flavor, whatsoever.  Not horrible tasting, just not a lot of taste to it.  She didn't finish her meal either, but we decided to take the meals home, as they weren't complete disastersThe friendly woman (hostess? Owner? She didn't identify herself) who eventually removed our plates and boxed our leftovers never asked if we'd enjoyed the meal, nor did she question the fact that we hadn't eaten all of the appetizer.  However, she made sure to mention at least eight times the fact that she wants us to return.  Then the bill arrived and of course we were not given a free meal -the waitress wanted to give us the appetizer free instead.  A little friendly reminder over the deal we'd been given over the phone eventually rectified the situation, but we were already disappointed with our experience, and this didn't help. Anyway, the hostess then wrote out two coupons for 15% of apiece as part of her campaign to get customers to return, and gave us each a brochure for the restaurant.  Then she talked about how important it is to get people to come back, told us she hopes we'll return, asked us to come back, told us she hopes she'll see us again... you get the picture. I was starting to feel uncomfortable.I hate to say anything bad about people- the staff were nice and I'm sure everyone working there is caring and hardworking, but I just want decent food and good service when I visit a restaurant. If employees see that the food is not being eaten but they want you to come back, they should ask what went wrong and at least give the impression that they care about your experience.  We aren't planning on going back.I asked my friend how she'd rate the place, and she said 3.  I would give it a 2, which would round up to 2.5, but since there is no 2.5 I dare not bump it up and make it look like I liked it more than I did.  Despite my negative experience, though, I don't "hate" this place, and I'm willing to believe that some of their other menu items may be better than what we tried. Being a new establishment  struggling during a recession, they could be off their game right now. I wish them luck and really wished I'd enjoyed the food.
1	Done take out and delivery from here 5 times. I'm not expecting to much from a take out place but it is just very forgettable food. You won't get sick or anything but you just won't won't ever crave this place. The only thing that we ordered that was really gross was the calamari, please avoid. Everything else was just meh.  Plus side the people are really nice and the food is ready when expected.
1	Absolutely will never go back there.  It was about 85 degrees in the restaurant.  The owner (I am guessing) was so rude to us that it made the food (which wasn't bad, but scanty portions) literally turn in our stomachs.   I honestly doubt they will stay in business with how rude they treat patrons and how cheap they are with the air conditioning.  A very bad experience, overall.
3	Quality ingredients and good flavor.  Its decent takeout.
4	I have to admit I generally do rely on Yelp to determine if I'm going to try a new place but given I've tried this place prior to Yelping and noticed the bad reviews, I had to comment.My husband and I ordered take out and had 3 dishes. Standard pad thai, a spicy ground chicken basil dish, and a large flat rice noodle dish (forgot names) - never remember. We have eaten at multiple different thai places in town and CA and AZ. Of course ratings on food are always subjective but I dont think their food is a 1 or 2. All 3 of the dishes we ordered were great. I would have to say better than Pin Kaow, which is the local favorite. We used to be regulars at PK on S. Eastern because of their superb service, so it's not to say we didn't like the place. The pad thai noodles were cooked perfectly, the sauce had enough tang and sweetness and not mushy and flavorless like PK. The ground chicken basil dish was about the same as PK and the other flat rice noodle dish was good. Yes, the ambience is very much lacking given it is a very small cafe but for the main purpose of getting take out, it is great for us given we dont have to drive further down from home with our infant.Now, it's not to say I'm mainly driven by the convenience factor on why I rated them so high. I like eating out and would mainly judge a place by the food preparation and quality along with the overall experience. I really like the fact that we have a pretty good Thai place in the area and hope other ethnic foods will come. Seems we lack a little diversity closer to Anthem and I dont mean your standard Robertos, Pei Wei,  or for Christ Sake, another sushi place!Of course I would have to try other dishes to see if perhaps I may come across the same issues as others but for now, we are going back for more!
4	After a nice facial, I walked my happy butt on over to Pat Thai for some thai food.  This is actually my second time eating here, but my first review (I've been busy...).Ordered the following for 2:Tom Yum Koong (Bowl): $9.95: Delicious,  with tons of flavor and straw mushroomsPapaya Salad w/Shrimp: $8.95: FlavorfulPanang Beef: $8.95: flavor was different then all the others Panang that I've eaten, but still goodSweet Sticky Rice w/Thai Custard: $4.95: Perfect combination, definitely for custard lover.  The rice was a bit harder than what I had before though..Unlike other Thai restaurants, the scale is only 1-5.  We ordered 3 to be safe and just asked for more chilis.  They have one sauce that no others Thai restaurant have (at least to my knowledge)...the fish sauce with small pieces of jalapeno.  That sauce brings even more flavor to the food.It is a tiny little restaurant though.  Other than that, service was good.
4	Took our 2 and 4yr old with us.. the chicken skewers were perfect for the.. tom khai gai soup very good too.  Their website has some coupons and specials so chck it out before you go.
4	The lunch specials are a really good deal. $6.95 for a nice selection of pad Thais, curries and other meats and vegetable dishes. Plus it includes rice, soup and a spring roll. Chicken pad Thai is awesome and so is the red curry. Mongolian beef was nothing special but the curry and pad Thai is more than enough to keep coming back.
3	Ok, but we love Thai food & have been to some great restaurants in Florida & LA, so this is average. Still looking for THE go to Thai in town. This is close to home but not the place for us to frequent.
5	My girlfriend had been craving a good Pad Thai dish and decided to google pad Thai restaurants near our work and Pat Thai popped up. I quickly went to my go to yelp reviews for this restaurant and was second guessing trying this place because it didn't have the best reviews. The other two Thai restaurants near us we had been to before so we decided to just give this place a shot and ya know what I'm glad we did, because it was delicious! It is a small quaint lil place off eastern that I had no idea was there. They have lunch specials mon-fri from 11-3 for $6.95 and quick tip, if ya go on-line to their website they have coupons for $1 off lunch specials! Even better right?! I was torn between ordering the Thai house salad with shrimp or the lunch special Pad Thai. After going back and forth in my mind I finally decided on the Pad Thai lunch special with tofu and I asked to have added veggies to it as well. I requested to add spice to it at a level of 2.5 (you can never be to sure with Thai restaurants) and had them bring me the spice tray as well, just in case it wasn't spicy enough. My friend ordered the same dish as well and we were both pleasantly surprised by how good it tasted. I don't have many other pad Thai dishes to compare it to (i think the only other place I've tried was Pei Wei, that's why I'm giving them 5 stars )but she has tried many dishes and she loved her dish. The spice level was perfect, it had a really good bite to it, any hotter would have been too much. The noodles were perfectly cooked and the added stir fry veggies were yummy. The tofu was great and was cut into cubes instead of thin strips like your usually used to in stir fry dishes so it was nice to see a change. The lunch special also comes with house soup that was good (not to sure what the house soup special was tho sorry) and a veggie spring roll too that was perfectly fried and tasty. The portions are huge, in fact I took the other half to go for tonight's dinner! I hope this review helps others who are questioning coming here. I'll definitely be back again!!
3	Pat Thai is a quiet, small mom and pop store that is situated in shopping center with several boutique stores. When I arrived at this place with my brother and sister it reminded me of Seattle. All the tables had a single flower as a centerpiece and the menus were cute as well. We went in to try their lunch specials. My brother ordered the Mongolian Beef, my sister and I ordered the Beef Pad Thai. All the lunch specials came with a small fried spring roll, few slivers of lettuce and tomatoes with a mayo/ mustard dressing and vegetable soup. Not bad for the price at all! While the establishment was very clean, the customer service and the food wasn't great. I didn't have a great experience a few years back so I wanted to try this place again. Mmm the lady quickly took our order and next came back to check on us or refilled our empty drinks. The pad thai noodles were a bit strange. The noodles werent the flat rice noodles, they tasted chewy, had the appearance of pho vermicelli noodles, but was actually an egg noodle. The pad thai contained eggs and you know the smell of raw eggs that been sitting out? Thats exactly what our noodles tasted like, it was very sweet with a strange fishy, old egg smell... My brother mongolian beef with rice was really good on the other hand. I ordered a regular Beef Pad See Ew- chow fun rice noodles, dry sweet black bean sauce with veggies and egg. I had this dish togo and went I ate a bite of my boyfriends it tasted descent. Hmmm I really wanted to like this place and even gave it a second try, but in the end i will stick to Pin Kaow, Thai Restaurant, or Bangkok 8. Their thai noodle dishes uses really good noodles, has the perfect amount of seasoning and best of all, has that firey wok taste!!!
4	They make really great Pad Thai noodles here. I love that they use the small noodles instead of the big flat ones. =)
5	We have been here several times and it gets better every time.  Service is wonderful.  We always have our three kids with us and the servers are happy to accommodate their needs (making dishes milder, kid size dishes, and silverware).  Love the homey quaint atmosphere.  Food is fantastic.  Have not had a dish there that I haven't like.  Kids love the chicken skewers and beef broccoli.  My husband and I love the Tom Kha Gai and all the curries.  Will definitely go back soon.
5	This place is tucked away on eastern, heading to Anthem Highlands. I am sooo happy I found this place. Things to say.....The dining area is cozy. I dont know the exact seating but Its probably less then 40. I tend to find something I like and stick to it, but so far I have not found anything on the menu I dont enjoy. The Curries are terrific, and their yellow curry is unique to dishes of the same type,(cant put my finger on it) but its my favorite. The Pad Thai is great, and You cant go wrong with an order of fried banana or sweet sticky rice with thai custard on top. The cost is also modest. The Pad See Ew is cooked in a lighter sauce them Im used to, but is still tasty. This now is one of my top Thai Restaurants to frequent.
3	Fairly decent Thai food at reasonable prices.I frequently use Pad Thai as a barometer of a Thai restaurant on my (perhaps eccentric) theory that if a Thai restaurant can produce good Pad Thai, it probably will do well on all other dishes.Pat Thai, at least to me, proves my theory. Their Pad Thai is very tasty, though not so good as Pin Kaow's and maybe just a notch below that of Satay Bistro, but otherwise well above the Pad Thai dishes served by many other Thai restaurants.The green curry here is also very good, though I prefer slightly less coconut milk. Still, I would probably have it again.All in all, I believe Pat Thai is well worth the money and worth return trips.,
5	Delicious food.  Beware can be quite spicy.
