4	Small little place on the border of Scottsdale and Tempe. I always order the Gyro and a Greek Salad, very good. The service is good and George always has good music playing.
4	It's hard to totally screw up gyro meat. I've generally been pleased any time I've gotten a gyro. I went to George's Famous for the first time last week, and I was more than impressed. I got the Original and my boyfriend got the Gyro Picado, which is really spicy with all the peppers and jalapenos. Both were really good, HUGE and like I sad, the meat was great. Apparently they make a lot of their own stuff right there. The tzatziki was one of the best I've had. George suggested I get one of the other dishes that has a Vodka Alfredo sauce next time. He said it's a favorite of the regulars. I forget what dish it's supposed to come on, but I'm sure if you mentioned it, he'd know! I'll definitely be back.
4	Whenever I have a craving for gyros and I'm in the mood to just pig out at home, I head to George's Gyros for takeout.I've never eaten there so I can't comment on service but the takeout food has not disappointed.  The Gyros Picado platter is gyro meat piled with grilled jalapenos, peppers, onion, choice of rice or fries (my choice is rice), and a feta salad.  There's tons of food, it's really spicy with all the grilled veggies, and the feta salad is FABULOUS.  So good in fact that I ask for an extra side of it ~ and at $1.50 it's a great deal!  The tsaziki sauce (spelling?)  is really good too & I love smearing it on my bread before piling on the goodness.  They usually give me about 3-4 containers of it if iI ask nicely.   It's 'divey' but,  the food's good so give it a try.  I'm looking forward to trying all the other stuff on the menu.
5	I discovered George's through my restaurant.com coupon.  My girlfriend and I ordered two original Gyros.  I had the fries and she had the salad.  We also ordered the fried mushrooms and jalopeno poppers.  The fried appetizers came out first.  And they were perfect!  We have had fried mushrooms in the past that were dripping in grease or still frozen in the middle.  These were absolutely done to perfection.  They were crispy and seasoned without leaving you feeling greasy.  The gyros and fries were also well done.  The portions were generous for the price.  This is my new Gyro spot for sure.
4	George's Famous Gyros is located in a slightly ghetto strip mall next to a gas station, "massage" parlor, hole-in-the-wall Mexican food joint, and a mail box store. From the outside it may not look like much but upon entering the dark exterior you immediately find that this is quite the popular lunch spot! My friend, Jillana, and I ventured into this hot spot at around 12:30pm on a Thursday. The tables were packed and there was already 6-7 people in line ahead of us. Despite the crowd our food was served in a matter of minutes and the owner, operating the cash register, noticed that we were new customers and offered up drinks on the house. A rarity for today's economy! The owner was extremely helpful and attentive (readily changed our order from din in to to-go and made sure we had plenty of napkins and plastic-ware before he sent us on our way). The place itself is rather small but has a rather fun, lively lunch vibe to it. I always love the 80's posters of the attractive Greek bushy-eyebrowed brunette enjoying a big gyro :-) Not sure how busy it is around the dinner hour but it seems that this place will certainly not be going out of business anytime soon. My friend and I both opted for the classic Greek gyro, costing only $7.30 after tax. Great prices! The sandwich was quite tasty. The meat was well seasoned, packed with flavor. The fries were quite good and my friend thoroughly enjoyed her Greek side salad. The only drawback was that the meat was a tad on the greasy side for my taste. However, this would not deter me from frequenting George's. Next time I would ask for extra tzatziki, there was some on the sandwich but I would have liked a bit more. Plus, I love dipping my fries in the rich creamy goodness as well. Overall, quite a good experience. Price, good. Service, good. Food, goooooood.
4	I'm a big fan of this place. Sadly, I haven't tried that many dishes because every time I go in, I HAVE to get the gyro and the greek salad. I hope one day to be able to broaden my palate and report on their other dishes. The gyro is good - YES as another reviewer stated, it's greasy. That's why it's yummy. Skip the fries, they are nothing special compared to the other two sides available. The white rice with tomato sauce is awfully tasty but the greek salad is my favorite and it's what I get every time now. Nice fresh lettuce and a variety of veggies! I'm so picky about that.Disappointment: One day while the cook rang me up for my gyro plate (Feeds 2 for under $10, you can't beat it) he was telling me how great his baklava is. So when I went to a dinner party the next week I stopped in and bought some to bring for dessert. Sadly, the baklava was not to my personal liking. It was chock-full of nuts as he described but there was not enough phyllo dough or especially HONEY for my tastes. Rather dry and nutty, not sweet enough for me. Oh well!
4	I had a great lunch here today.  Got the classic gyro, which comes with fries or a side salad, and a drink.  I think in total it was about 9 bucks.  The gyro was great...tender, juicy meat.  The fries were pretty good as well...sprinkled with salt and pepper and pretty crunchy.  It's always the best to put the fries in the gyro...adds another dimension to it.  I only had two complaints about my lunch.  The pita was a bit soggy, but nothing major...almost just a little too moist and chewy for me.  Also, it took a little while for the food to come out.  I was on my lunch break and a little strapped for time and was hoping it would be a quick lunch.  The place was packed though...so by no means am I holding it against them.All in all a pretty tasty spot.  The menu was pretty extensive with different types of gyros and shawarmas.  They had burgers as well.  Definitely looking forward to going back for another lunch.
5	I lived in Portland for the summer and became quickly addicted to street meat in downtown. When I got back to AZ I had to find the closet Gyros spot so I could feed the addiction. Luckily for me I live very close to George's and he honestly makes one of the best gyros I've ever had. Their greek salad/gyro combo is an awesome lunch, definitely hits the spot. And he'll give you a free drink every now and then if you don't order it. Nothing better than a gyro and iced tea on a hot phoenix day. I cannot get enough of this place! I looked it up online and George is only 27 and owns/runs this restaurant. That makes me want to come back and support his efforts often. Good for him! The rest of the staff are all very friendly and do a great job at keeping the service fast and quality!
4	I spent a crazy day running errands around Scottsdale and found myself next to George's at 3pm while returning a projector. The server was friendly and service quick. I took my chicken gyro and a Greek salad down the street to Papago Park. Highly recommended! It was a perfect picnic!
4	What is there to say? It's a greasy little hole-in-the-wall dive that serves up great, hot Greek food at reasonable prices. Not sure I'd take a date here, but for a quick, inexpensive, decent lunch this place rocks.
5	As many of you know, as a college student, our first priority is to save $$$ and get the most bang for our buck. Once George's Famous Gyros entered my world, everything seemed perfect! George's offers some of the freshest and most delicious Greek cuisine I have found in Arizona. I can gladly recommend their chicken pita. This comes with either a garlic sauce or a gyro sauce, onions, and a pita crammed with sliced seasoned chicken breast. You also have a choice of great tasting fries or a bomb greek salad. All this for $6.75.I also can recommend the cheese ravioli (cheese ravioli with marinara covered in melted mozzarella cheese) and the Greek pasta salad (rotini pasta with chopped vegetables, feta, with vinaigrette topped with either chicken or gyro meat.The only downside to George's is that it's only open until 8PM during the week, open until 3PM on saturdays, and closed sundays. Being a college student, my schedule is pretty hectic, and I find myself eating dinner anywhere from 6PM to 12AM, so I generally frequent George's for lunch time. Another downside is the inside. It's pretty no frills, but what it lacks in interior design, it makes up in food quality and taste.I give George's an easy 5 stars when it comes to DELICIOUS and FRESH Greek food.
5	After eating here usually within 24 hours I am already craving George's Gyros again.  Georges is the best. Great customer service, great food, great prices and a great place to fill up on warm amazing food.  By far my favorite thing from here is the Gryo #1 Combo. Already cant wait to eat here again.  I used to come here with my ex alllll the time.  I miss living in the area!
5	Best Gyros, Yearos, giros, how ever you say it its great.  And its easy to find George here working hard to make sure you get the best. "A SMALL RESTAURANT  BECOMES THE ANCHOR  LOCATION FOR ITS SISTER shops, HOW RARE"I have tried all the Gyro spots in the immediate area. Georges is the Best bar non.  From the meat quality to the portion size, the meat is not weighed out the sandwiches are expected to be more than enough. The fries are great and you can sub them for a healthy salad.  Lots of veggies and a great dressing.  "There is something to be said for a small restaurant that becomes the anchor location for its sister shops, how rare and exciting for the Valley.  Seeing a business succeed today allows me to value the spot so much more.  Thanks George, Your Gyros Are Famous!FACTS,meats hand picked from Chicago,Great Salads,Best Gyro judged on size quality and fresh ingredients.High turn over means consistent product.  The employees lover their food
3	Sometimes, random yelping leads to great things. Other times, not so much.This was one of those other times, unfortunately. I wanted to love this place. It rocks the divey-tucked-in-a-strip-mall ambiance that often signals hidden gems. But, to be perfectly honest, the food was average. We started out with dolmades, which were crafted very neatly. The texture didn't tend toward slimy, like sometimes happens when they are done incorrectly. I had the souvlaki gyro sandwich with a Greek salad. The pita was so stuffed that I ended up eating it with a fork. The pork was still moist, but it could have been more flavorful. The salad was meh as well, but I'm fairly picky about my greens.However, I will say that service was incredibly friendly. I might give George's another go and order something else based on this alone.
4	Gyro platter was pretty darn tasty. Definitely get with rice over fries. Dolmades seemed wilty until you discover they're just coated in olive oil. The tzadziki sauce was very dilly but overall really good. Definitely a place that will become a regular stomping grounds for me from now on.
5	While everything on the menu is fantastic, I go for the Gyro (Yee-roo). It is, and I have explored Gyros across Phoenix, the BEST!The place is clean and the music depends on the combination of who is working there that day. If George and Z, his friend, co-owner and cook, are on, you get an easy mix of classic rock and contemporary pop. If Geroge's father is working with George, you will get Greek music (which I love...stay long enough for the theme to "Zorba the Greek"). If George's father and Z are there, you get a mix of everything.With the police station across the street, lunchtime is crowded but safe. Off hours is easy and the wait isn't long.Friendly and very reasonably priced with specials posted that one should not ignore. I hear great things about the chili. One day I will order a Chili Gyro. They may look at me for a moment, but they will make one and probably add it to the menu.Friendly and great service. Become a regular and you're part of the family. Opa!4/20/11 - Sigh! I stopped at George's on my way out of town, moving back east. My "last meal," so to speak and I have yet to find the equal anywhere. So, dear diners, enjoy the fine fare at George's because you may have no idea how rare the place really is.At this point I'm ready to ask him to FedEx me a dozen Gyros... not that I would freeze any of them. I would just sit on the floor and roll around on them, naked. Well, maybe not... but I would eat them all in one sitting!
5	This was, without a doubt, the best gyro I've ever had.  The meat was so tender and juicy.  I had the original and will probably have it again until I decide to be adventurous and try one of the many other combinations.  I had a good chat with George while my gyro was being prepared and appreciated him taking time to talk because my gyro was ready before I knew it.  It was just an all around good experience.
4	A fantastic little locally owned dive in South Scottsdale. I can't count how many times I've driven past George's, but I never had a desire to stop in because the strip mall it's located in is pretty shady looking. But then I read all the good reviews and decided I had to check it out. I'm glad I did. The menu (which is posted on the wall, and takes up a lot of space) is huge. In addition to the pitas, there are pizzas, sandwiches, pastas, burgers, platters, and appetizers (both Greek and American). The very friendly girl at the counter wasn't even able to tell me what the best items were, but that's because a guy sitting just inches away started to rave about everything. I decided to go with the Original Gyro (hey, the place is call George's Famous Gyros, after all. It's $6.75 and comes with a salad or fries (I went with the salad). I also tried the Baklava since the raving customer told me it was the best he's ever had.The Gyro was phenomenal. As good as any Gyro place I've ever eaten at. It's all from Chicago, and you can taste it! It looks small at first, but you'll be surprised at how much meat the pita is filled with. I recommend paying the extra 25 cents for extra sauce. The Gyro is so stuffed with lamb, that you'll appreciate the flavor it adds. The salad is pretty big, but it's pretty much just a standard Greek salad. The Baklava was great, but pretty small even for it's $2.25 price. I would also suggest that George's drop the salad or fries and charge a dollar or two less for the Gyro a la cart. I really didn't want either, and would've preferred to save the cash. The wait for my food also felt a little long, but its probably because most of the food was made fresh, so I can live with that. I got my money's and taste bud's worth, and then some. I'll definitely be back at George's Famous Gyros to see what else is good here.
5	This place is great. Get the sauce, best I've had on a Gyro. Original is great. Can be greasy sometimes though. Pita is so nice and soft, and you could even split one gyro between two people they are so big. I always pound a whole Chipotle, but sometimes can't finish these.
5	YUMMO!!! If you want the biggest, the fattest, the yummiest gyro then George's is the way to go!! My boyfriend loves it so much he hits it about 6x a month!!!
5	I have driven by this establishment several times going to either my friend's house or the tennis courts.  My friend told me its a pretty good place, so I thought I would give it a try.  I entered the restaurant and saw a wide variety of choices.  I told the gal to give me a minute as it was my first time.  After I ordered, I got a free drink as a first time customer.  I give them brownie points for that.  In addition, I wanted to add a little hummus to my chicken pita sandwich, and I got some hummus for no charge. The chicken was marinated very softly with tremendous flavors.  Next time I go play tennis, I got myself a post-match yummy meal!
4	I was thinking that a Gyro sounded good for lunch today on my morning commute. I was running my errands at lunch time and happened to drive by George's Gyros.  I decided to check it out. The young gal at the counter was very nice and took my order. I watched as meals were delivered and the portions were huge compared to ther Gyro places in the valley. I order the "Original" Gyro and not only was it a lot of food, but it was very tasty! I'm adding this to my list of places to grab a Gyro! Also, the menu is very extensive. I highly recommend you go and check it out!
5	Best gyro in the east valley! We have been their twice now and staff is super friendly and the food is awesome. It is worth the drive to stop by here. You will not be disappointed!
5	George's is the real deal. I eat here at least 3 times a month and we just recently had them cater our wedding. The gyros and chicken pitas are fantastic, and like another person mentioned, the tzatsiki sauce is unmatched anywhere in the valley. I've had their falafel, dolmades, hummus and pita, and the fried mushrooms and I would reccomend all of those.The atmosphere at the restaurant is very friendly and it isn't uncommon to strike up conversations with complete strangers. The price is right and I'll definitely be eating there many more times in the future.
1	Wow.  This place has unbelievably good gyro, but I've been here literally 75 minutes waiting for 2 salads to go!  There's no acknowledgment, either, just an overworked girl trying not to get yelled at by the hordes of people she mistakenly told "30-40 minutes".  I saw one guy go up and get a refund after an hour, and when he left what they said was "oh he got all mad and left."  Actually, he had a limited lunch break like we all do and I know he waited longer than I did! Don't forget it's a small place, and we can all hear you. We love your food, George's, but unless you fix the wait we won't be back!
5	Fantastic restaurant!!!  The first time I went, i tried there Greek club pita, and was blown away!  This was the best pita I have ever had.  On my next visit I decided to try the Original Gyro, and was so surprised with how delicious it was.  You get your choice of fries or salad...Take the salad its great, the fries could be better :(  Highly Recommend going
3	More like a 3.5.The food is good, but the gyro and cheesesteak my husband and I shared were a bit on the greasy side.  Although that is to be somewhat expected with gyro's and cheesesteaks, I feel like they were greasier than gyros and cheesesteaks ought to be.   However, I would not recommend their desserts.  The service was also good.  The reason why I didn't give this place 4 stars is because it didn't really stand out in comparison to other places like the Phoenician (not during the summers), but it was definitely better compared to places like Oliveo.  I think I will need to give this place another try, however.  I will update as soon as I do.
5	A no non-sense eatery...you get your Greek on and feel great afterwards.  My usual is the traditional, nothing special but always delicious.I almost always get things to go as the place is normally sweltering hot, decorated with crazy random and old posters of the Mediterranean, but the food more than makes up for it.
5	Everything here is great! From the Chicken Pita to the Pasta.George is a really funny guy! You will have a great meal here and it won't cost you a bundle!
4	Outstanding hole in the wall place. Not much to look at but yummers! They are sooooooo nice here. The food is great. We both got Gyro plates and Baklavah and it was all delish! I would recommend this place highly!
5	Damn, I love this place.  Best gyro I've ever had, anywhere.  Everyone that works here is friendly.  You'll leave here stuffed for under $10.  What more to say?  If you haven't been, you're missing out.
5	This whole in the wall joint has filled my belly and put a whole in my wallet because I can't resist their traditional gyro. The price is right for these large gyros and sandwiches. Don't go here if you expect the typical elegant Scottsdale dining experience. This place gets down to the point and makes good food, while not worrying so much about decor and presentation.
5	Bro! Best gyros eva Bro! The service is terrific. The staff inside is friendly and and it's a very laid back environment Bro!
4	Good food relaxed atmosphere. Would recommend!
5	If you are looking for Gyros, this is the place. Compares to any top Gyro in the planet. The restaurant is clean and small. It takes a lil time to get your Gyro, so its best to call and order it 10 minutes ahead of time. One of my top places for a quick lunch with friends on the go!
5	Just like Chicago's Greek Town!!!!
4	Whoa... the gyros are filled with lots of meat.  In fact, I wish they put less meat and more veggies (e.g. - onions, tomatoes).  The good thing is you can get your gyros with a salad or fries.  I always get it with the salad to add some vegetables to my diet.  The salad is a greek salad with a variety of vegetables, not your typical iceburg lettuce salad.I wish the gyros meat was a little crispier.  Lots of meat as stated above and  the pita bread is warmed so it's nice and tender.  I always get a little extra tzaziki sauce because there is so much meat.Best to call ahead if you're in  rush.  Considering it's about 5-7 minutes from downtown Scottsdale, it's a nice alternative to eating there.  Also the prices are great, but the location makes you think you got lost.
5	Hey George! PLEASE Deliver from the Scottsdale location!!!!
5	George's is by far the best place for a Gyro in phx! The food is always great as well as the service. My favorites include the Picado and the Texas. Another reason I love this place is George himself is almost always there to great you with a smile.
5	More than meets the eye... Ha HA!!!! I took my wife here for lunch and she about punched me when we walked in for taking her to a hole in the wall. I told her to be patient and give it a try. I can't speak to the whole menu, but I'm pretty much addicted to the Steak Pita. She doesn't usually eat meat but I wanted her to try the steak pita that I am in love with and also the fries which are most of the time TERRIFIC! I don't even care for fries normally, but leave it to George to serve some of the best french fries I've had.Well, she actually ate steak...at a hole in the wall...and liked it...a lot! Ha HA!!! I make her eat it (her words). I was right, she was wrong. George's is good. I don't have to sleep on the couch tonight.FYI, I like my steak pita marinated/cooked with the vinaigrette sauce and then I add ceaser dressing on top for even more flavor. MMmmmm...I can taste the onions, tomatoes, steak, and pita in my mouth dripping with flavorful juices and dressing. Yummy yummy yummy!The chicken pita made the same way is great too. I'm just not a fan of the Euro sauce.
5	I grew up eating gyros (year o's). George's has some of the best seasoned gyro meat and it is consistently the same.  The chicken pita is good as well, but nothing beats the original beef gyro. The fries are fresh and the greek salads are bomb! I agree with a previous reviewer about the dressing being heavy. Just get it on the side. This has become one of my regular lunch spots. I have driven across town to get here. Not only is the food good, but the staff is friendly and make you feel at home.
4	I really like a good gyro and have tried many around the Phoenix area. The meat at George's is fresh and juicy (many are on the dry side), the portion is generous and the fries are fresh and flavorful. This place has become one of my favorite gyro spots in the area. The location and decor are definitely not high-brow, but don't let that scare you off.
1	I was in this side of town and was craving Greek food. Checked out the reviews and thought this would be a good place to try...but I was extremely disappointed! I can't believe I'm giving the first bad review on their food...This is absolutely my least favorite place of all the Greek restaurants I've tried. They do have a young boy working the cashier/taking orders and he did okay for his age. The service was poor. I think this place lacks people skills. No one follows up to ask how your food was. Okay, yes...it's a small place and maybe the workers might be young, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't check on your customers. And they certainly didn't follow up to bring my baklava (that they forgot to give me in the first place). The food was...well...just like their service, it was poor. The food presentation looked great, but my taste buds just didn't agree. .:sorry:.
5	I love anything that's filled with meat and wrapped in foil.  And if it's the size of my head, even better.  This place fits that bill.  Chicken pita is amaze-balls.  Fries are bomb because they use that good seasoning.  Salad-also delicious.  I'm generally not a huge fan of gyro meat so I can't really give it a fair critique, but I've tried it and it's pretty good.  This place will deliver until 7:30 pm but I've never taken advantage of that.  You can call in and pick up your order.  Or if you just order while you're there, it doesn't take long for them to make anyway.  There's some handsome dudes working there sometimes that you can creep on while you wait.  And you get a free drink if it's your first time there.  Nice work, George.
5	Amazing, great, tons of food for a awesome price!
5	Really good Gyros! Very fresh and good. Really clean inside too. Nice atmosphere and friendly staff! Two thumbs up from a Greek!
4	The food at this clean little strip mall cave is straightforward and you really cannot do any better if you're looking for Greek-American food. A big part of their consistently good food is the constant presence of the owner.
4	Took a while for the food but it did taste very good!  Luckily I wasnt in a rush so the delay for the grub was not a big deal.
5	wow this place is poppin! I went here w my fiance to eat and we met the owner George himself since he was working the register. We told him we were from out of town and asked about the different gyro's they served- He was so nice! he hooked us up w two sodas and the food was only $7! Huge portions and fresh flavors. Def coming back when I am in Arizona again! Great customer service.
5	Great gyros with plenty of meat, fresh tzatziki and all at a reasonable price! It was our first time in and he gave us our drinks for free. Thanks again!Also, very kid friendly and they didn't mind our little hurricane creating a masterpiece on the table and floor.
1	Bad service - I went there, the food was good, I ordered "The Original" with fries, I came there with one of my friends.They brought mine out first, gave me "The Original" with a salad. It took them another 5 minutes or so to bring out the second. That's just bad service to bring out a table one by one. My friend did get the right order, but they didn't bring me my fries. I had to remind the guy, and by the time I was leaving, I still didn't get my fries. I had to go to the counter with the uneaten salad, and tell them that I am still waiting on my fries. It took another 15 minutes for them to get me my fries.Overall, it took a whole hour from start to finish, for their most popular menu item - Gyro with Fries. And they didn't get it correct until I finally left. The food may be good, so I would only recommend ordering takeout from there, and verify you are getting what you ordered.
5	There are many reasons to frequent George's.  The overstuffed gyros come with more meet than a Dagwood sandwich.  The salad comes with more than three vegetables and fresh kalamata olives, not black olives from a can.  The staff is friendly in a local neighborhood joint sort of way.  Don't be fooled by a similarly named establishment on Scottsdale Road, this is the place that was voted Phoenix's best gyro.  I also recommend the chili either on it's own or with fries.
4	A whole lot less for a whole lot more and a whole lot worse has been known to happen around these parts.  Good job George, love your place.
3	We did the "after-dinner" crowd since a lot of reviews said it was packed at lunch. Weekday dinner time it was quiet. A couple of tables and no line! I know the strip mall screams THIRD WORLD COUNTRY. Especially with the run-down Circle K and dirty sidewalks. So that loses them a star. If you're paying rent, as a tenant you should demand some cleanliness around the place. My friend had the gyro but since I don't eat lamb, I chose a chicken pita. With only three tables, they still brought our food to the wrong table, plus my side was wrong. The food was good, not outstanding or fabulous but it was good. One minus star is for having a DESERT menu. Don't we already have enough desert in Arizona? When I mentioned the faux pas, I was told, ya they knew. They just didn't want to reprint menus. Wow...
5	How does a stop mall neighborhood gyros joint deserve five stars? First, by serving really good food. Second, by actually being innovative -- for instance try the corn fritters or the baklava. Third, by offering consistently friendly and courteous service that goes out of its way. Fourth, by offering large servings that deliver the ingredients you want, not just lots of fillers but lots of gyros or chicken; portions so large that my wife and I often share one main and a couple of appetizers and still take some home. And fifth, by doing all this with incredibly reasonable prices. A gem is a gem and five stars it is.
4	Living in S. Scottsdale, I had never heard of George's Famous Gyros.  When a friend suggested Greek food, I remembered there was a new place in the Papago Center on the corner of McDowell and Scottsdale Road.  Well, come to find out that place is also called George's Gyros (without the famous.)  Sounded shady to me and seems like that place is trying to steal business from the original.  So, we took the extra few minutes to make sure to google and get the right place.   It was my 1st time eating lamb as guilt always took precedence over the deliciousness of a baby animal.  But, when my friend insisted that we order take out I finally gave in. I ordered a Greek salad (instead of fries) along with a kabob and just in case I didn't like lamb, a side of (cant remember name) rice rolled in a grape leaf. We placed our order over the phone and after 20 minutes we went and picked it up.  It was ready and hot.  George told us there was only about 20% lamb and the rest was beef.  The whole meal was delicious.  There was plenty of leftovers for a 2nd meal.I will definitely be back to George's FAMOUS Gyros.
5	I've been eating here for years. Excellent lunch place. Other than the falafel, everything I've ordered here has been good. The price might look a little high, but the portions are solid. Sometimes, they do get backed up during the lunch rush, but for the most part, it's fast. The restaurant is clean and the staff is friendly.I admit it's probably not the best gyro you've ever had nor is it authentic Greek cuisine, but it's tasty, well priced, fast, and they deliver what they promise.
4	This place has the softest pita bread! The chicken pita is delicious and the tzatziki sauce is so good. Hidden gem!
5	George's has the best gyro meat! It has so much flavor and is very moist. I've had it in a original gyro as well as a daily special called a 'greeksteak' [I believe] that is basically a cheesesteak with gyro meat. Both are awesome! I still need to try the italian style with marinara and mozzerella. The portions are extremely generous, I usually have leftovers unless I am super hungry.I also really enjoyed the hummus. They serve it with warm pitas, which is a great touch that sets them apart from a lot of other places. Also, the greek salad that you can sub for the fries is fantastic! I'm not a fan of fries with a gyro, too much starch, so it is nice to have another option.They have a rewards program called Belly. Each time you eat there you scan your card and get 5 points. You can save your points and redeem for different rewards, like a free drink, free meal, or even creating and having a gyro named after you on the menu!
3	Everyone kept raving about the Greek salad so I ordered it for an entree and I wasn't a fan. Then again I don't really care for iceberg lettuce, if they used some other type I would like it a lot more. I had a bite of the gyro and I was definitely tasty and there was plenty of meat. If I am ever in the area and I wanted a gyro I would go here for it. I do wish they put more sauce in the gyro but o well. My sister got the gyro with a side salad and the side salad was a greek salad which was still pretty big for a side. I have had better gyros in California though.
4	Hi All!This review is long overdue!I have been to Georges numerous times, I have brought friends and family from Chicago as well.I have to say Georges is my FAV Gyros place around!The prices are fair and the food is very good.I have only had Gyros but one of these days I will try something else.The gyros sandwich comes with a choice of fries or greek salad.... I always get the salad, never tried the fries.The salad is always a nice amount with a perfect amount of dressing...not too much but enough and it has feta, onion and even those yummy klamata olives.The tzaziski is chunky and flavorful and is good for dunking anything in or eating plain.The meat is well seasoned and ample and I have yet to be dissapointed!One think I always look for when making repeat visits to any business is consistency and I have George to always be consistent.A few visits ago the owner brought my friend and I a piece of  Baklava to sample and I would have to say.....the BEST I've ever had!Sweet and savory but not that drippy saturated sweet, the perfect end to a good meal!My only CON is that it takes an unusually long time to get the food, therefore I am not sure I would go there for lunch if you are on a time restriction.Keep it up guys....you have rated high in my rating system!I do reccomend Georges and really think you should give it a shot.and until you do.........Bon Appetite'
5	The BEST Baklava I have ever had.  The BEST!!!!!!!
5	Been here many times now. Food is absolutely outstanding!  Very nice people inside. Food is always so fresh. Excellent for take out though you can sit there and eat. Strip plaza isn't appealing but this place is a rare gem!
5	The best Gyro place in Scottsdale, or Arizona for that matter.  Awesome, awesome food.
2	Drug use must be rampant in Tempe, or perhaps, there is a direct correlation between those who are high and those who review George's Famous Gyros on Yelp.  There is absolutely nothing good about this gyro except the quantity of meat.  There is essentially a pinch of lettuce, tomato and onion.  The sauce is there, but without much taste.  I've had better food at the ball game.  I think I will quit med school and just open up a gyro shop because apparently there is no competition since no one in Tempe knows how to make a gyro.  I guess all the Greek paraphernalia is analogous to an incompetent doctor with a great bedside manner, just because you look the part doesn't mean you are going to deliver in the end.
5	My husband and I eat here like its a religion, this place is awesome, and the owner is friendly and the staff has always been good to us.
5	Ii have been looking for a good gyro shop for a long time and finally found it.Lots of good meat fast friendly and the free boob show from the counter girl never disappoints...LOL If you go you will see that I am not joking but seriously the gyros are great big and reasonably priced
5	Cheap eats that taste wonderful are a very hard thing to find these days.  Last night my wife and I had a couple gyros, hummus, salad, and falafel and the price was about $20.  Walk in to this place at any time of the day, and there are people eating here.  George knows his stuff when it comes to quality and affordability and I know that next time I'm needing my greek fix, I'll be knocking at his door.
5	The food is seriously delicious, the portions are substantial and the prices are reasonable!!  Highly recommend for a great meal
5	Can't beat their price or their gyros! Their salad is awesome too and believe me I don't eat salad often. Go for the beef supreme gyro!
4	I live only a couple minutes away from this restaurant so I'm a frequent customer. The gyros are, of course, excellent, but some of their other dishes are a bit mediocre. I would not recommend the meatball sandwich, the Chicago dog or the pasta, but I would most certainly recommend the gyros! I gave this place one extra star because of the friendly and cute staff. Their service will make you feel right at home.
5	I can only talk gyros and Greek salads.....the platter rocks. Forget the fries and go extra large salad for same price. Get dressing on side. Always is if you order out. Atmosphere is not anything to talk about, but gyro platter with extra large salad is!
4	Went here for lunch because I had a craving for gryo. Was tempted to go to Haji baba down the street but decided to try something new. Called ahead and ordered the original gyro with fries and was ready to go by the time I got here. Have to say I wasn't dissappointed. The portion was huge with gyro meat piled high atop a lowly peice of pita bread. I had to take off meat and put it aside just so i could take a bite! Not a bad problem to have.. definetly a first world problem! The fries werent bad either for not being McDs. The gyro meat was well seasoned--a little greasy but who cares.. still delicious! I'll have to order a side of Tzatziki next time since the meat to tzatziki ratio was out of whack! I'll definetly put this on my list of places to eat when I'm absolutely starving!Tip: Dont forget to check in through Yelp. I got a free drink out of it!
5	I went here for the first time tonight for an early dinner. I ordered the original gyro & Greek salad. It was delish!! I will definitely be back!  They serve it a little light on the tyziki sauce so you might want to order extra on the side.
5	Better then any greek food that I have had in Phoenix.  I don't say that a lot.  Will most definitely be back.  One critical thing is on me.  Next time fries extra crispy.  I was mischarged though according to the online menu.  (6.95 + 6.45) *.09= $14.60 not $15.14.  Oh well.  Great food.
4	This place, by far, has the best gyros I've ever had and I've tried them all over the country and in Western Europe. I'm so impressed and not surprised that this hole in the wall joint knocks it right out of the park as it should. This is no heartless chain or a lifeless spot of mickey mouse fare, this is where it's at. I don't care where you are in the valley, the state, or the region. Get over to George's without further delay!
4	I was hungry and not in the mood for a burger or taco.  I just happemed upon George's by wandering that area.  All I can say to not repeat prior posts is for a casual place, you get more than you money's worth in both quality and quality.  If the same food were served at twice the price in a more upscale setting, I would say it is less exciting.  But my expectations were exceeded.  My only criticism: the hummus is visually appealing and has excellent texture, but could stand more flavor, maybe a liitle touch of garlic.
5	Yelped it because my boyfriend and I were nearby and were craving gyros. Our verdict: Everything about this place is amazing! Super friendly service, really good salad, AMAZING Mac & Cheese Bites, and of course the famous gyros were good too! Highly recommended! :)
5	Wow. Seriously. Wowwwww. Amazing food, great customer service, quiet location. Really outstanding. The restaurant won't knock you down with ambience, but it's clean, efficient, and friendly. Go to this place. Now.
5	This place is just the best.  I've had the chicken pita, gyro, spaghetti and meatballs, dolmades, and the baklava.  Everything has been really great.  The baklava is the best I've ever had and the chicken is pretty phenomenal too.  I can't say enough good things about this place.
4	Good inexpensive gyros, sandwiches and salads made to order.
5	I used to work nearby this place and whenever a new employee would ask me where to grab a good lunch I directed them to George's knowing they wouldn't be disappointed. I've eaten about 2/3 of their menu and almost all of it was great. My favorites include The original gyro (duh!), The sausage and Peppers sandwich, dolmades, gyro pasta salad, shrimp mikanos, the chicken pita (w/ tzatziki), the veggie pita (add tzatziki) or any of their salads. George, Z and the crew are friendly and always take care of their customers. I moved away to North County San Diego and man do I miss a good Gyro! Can't wait for my next visit home so I can rekindle my love for George's.
5	Georges Rocks !! Love the place and food.
5	YES! Simple but delicious... Ive had the gyro so far and it was pretty good. Im sure happy to have them around the corner.
4	This is a no frills place. The eating area is small and has little character..... but you don't CARE because you are eating some of the best food around. Tucked away in the little strip mall that can best be called "iffy" you might wonder what am I doing here? Get past that and order the original gyro and YUMMY!!! They give you a LOT of food. The fries are always hot and plenty of them. My wife and I often split a meal for lunch. They have many many choices. The chicken pita is great too. Prices are not bad either. The only thing why they don't get the last star is they close at 8pm, and around 7pm the choices are kind of limited. But who cares, get down there early and pig out!
3	Great food, but recently, beginning July 2013 and through today (8/8/13), it takes too damn long to get lunch. Even when calling ahead and waiting 10 minutes to pickup, I'm still told it will be another 15-20 minutes before ready. WTF?!  I only have a 30 minute lunch break. I've had to skip the past two times trying to pick up my lunch due to unreasonable and excessive wait times. FIX THIS PROBLEM SOON.
5	I was missing my old neighborhood in Queens (shout out to Astoria!) as I sometimes do, and found myself craving a Greek salad. Not just an ordinary Greek salad, but one piled high with fresh produce and charcoal grilled juicy chicken breast. I knew it would be a task to find one near my Old Town apartment, but one day BF had a gyro craving and off we went. After referencing Yelp, we had narrowed it down to George's Gyros and George's Famous Gyros (I'm in front of Ray's pizza! Famous Ray's? No, just original Jerry!). We actually decided on the non-famous George's, but they were closed on Sunday so our decision was made for us. I'm so glad we ended up here, though-it was delicious! We ordered take-out and placed our order at the counter, so we waited about 10-15 minutes which ended up being just enough time to scope out the staff (who have fun with their job which I love!) and the location (with the office door marked "Pirate"). We also enjoyed the soda fountain-this is a Coca Cola establishment, hooray! And they have a good syrup-to-soda-water ration which is hard to find. Now, on to the food...BF's gyro was GINORMOUS and stuffed to the brim with tasty gyro meat. He gave me a bite (so generous!) and it melted in my mouth. He conquered half of it before saving the rest for later, which he said was just as good cold. The fries that came with it were good, but I will warn you that they gave us Hunt's ketchup packets, so make sure you have your own ketchup at hand if you are like me and have an aversion to Hunt's. My Greek salad was even bigger than the sandwich-TONS of grilled, moist, juicy chicken on top of a *big* salad. And they accommodated my request for no peppers or olives (which, yes, I know, makes it not a "Greek" salad but whateva) which was really cool. There was an abundance of fresh lettuce and veggies, and it was more than enough for two meals. It came with two containers of an oil and vinegar dressing, and hit the spot JUST like my fave Astoria haunts. And it came with garlic bread! Super buttery and crispy and plain delicious. Oh! And the kicker was that both meals came to under $20 including tip, PLUS we got two drinks for free since we checked in with Yelp. I will be back for sure!
5	THE absolute best Greek restaurant anywhere....did I mention I'm Greek? Literally everything in this no-frills eatery, including the non-Greek pasta dishes, put any restaurant to shame, even the "fancy smanchy" expensive North Scottsdale Greek and Italian eateries!  I recommend anything and everything on George's menu.  George Salvaridis is a great guy who loves to keep you laughing while enjoying his food.  His restaurant partner, Zlatko Redzic, a Le Cordon Bleu (spelling? ) graduate,  makes every dish amazing, and mixes so nicely with all of his customers. We love this place and so will you!  Andrea Koukos-Paul....a very happy customer!
5	This place was delicious. I had a gyro sandwich that came piled high with lamb. So much so that the next time I go back I'll order an extra pita for the overflow. There is no such thing as too much and I'll never say it was, but adding an extra pita will greatly enhance your eating experience. Along with the gyro I had some of their tasty, crispy french fries which I'll ask them to add a portion of to my next sandwich, an Israeli delicacy that I very much enjoy. Though I took the food to go, the atmosphere of the restaurant reminded me of something you'd find in New York, lots of Greek art and maps plus a mediocre movie on television. If you go be sure to check in! You'll take home a free drink. A+ on this place, I can't wait to go back
5	Best gyro I have ever had. Tons of meat! Ask for extra "tzatziki" (sp?) sauce. Side Salad is fresh too.
5	There are some things you know aren't the healthiest for you but oh are they so good. George's Famous Gyros is a place around the corner from where i live so I indulge myself from time to time with their gyros. They truly are the best in town that I've had. The meat is moist and tasty (bordering on greasy) and stuff into the pita. You'll never think they skimped on it, it overfills the pita. Great stuff, that I wouldn't recommend having on a daily basis but man in that moment there are few things better. They really should get a mobile version of this and open up at 2am to clean up with the drunk crowd.
4	This place is the bomb.com. one of the better gyro places I've had in the west coast, and the best one in AZ i've tried.Not sure what to make for dinner? Just go to Georges gyros and get yourself a half chicken half gyro platter with extra taziki sauce.  you'll have enough food left over to take to lunch the next day... they give you sooo much food. if you're feeling like a fattie for life like me,  get yourself a baklava for dessert. helpful tip: call in advance. if you go in person and make the order you will end up waiting 15 mins or more.. they take a while to make their food.
5	Must try -- Salmon Salad.  Unexpectedly of the best salads I have ever had!
5	This place is one of a kind. Friendly staff and spectacular food. My son eats here at least once a week, and we (the rest of the family) eat here quite often as we'll. I highly recommend this to family and friends and to all of you
5	George's Gyros is the best! We gave it a try  a month or two ago and I have become a slave to their gyros since. It's quality meat and their bread is so fluffy and delish. I have attempted to finish a whole one and haven't been able to do so. They are really generous with the meat and its awesome because I usually save the other half for lunch the next day. I love their fries and they give you a good amount of those also. I love the original gyro but I have been smitten with the picado gyro since I love me some spiciness!  The staff is super friendly and it seems like they all work together as a team to keep the restaurant going. The cashier is very nice and periodically checks on how customers are all doing. She stopped and had a conversation and talked about how's my people become regulars (and I can see why!). I will be coming here for the rest of my life! Best gyros in AZ in my opinion!
5	Discovered this place randomly and the food is real good. Restaurant is good with good ambience. I had the gyro picado and it was very filling. If you in Scott's and you need some gyro go here
5	Stumbled upon this hidden gem. Try the chicken fettuccine or the pesto pasta with gyro meat. Big portions and the salad and bread stick is a nice touch.
4	I go here every Wednesday with a group of friends. Great food, good customer service.
2	I'm a Greek American from Chicago. Where do I start? The chewy chicken? The bland tzatziki or the fact that "thank you" was spelled wrong in Greek on the menus? Mediocre Greek food at best. Lots of Greeks in Chicago. I'm embarrassed to share this fact with these guys. Not to mention the customer service was lacking. I asked for extra tzatziki for my fries and got ketchup (although after tasting the tzatziki I'm glad I didn't get it).
4	Update:  they seemed to have corrected the problem regarding long wait times to get food. I can now call in an order, make the drive, and pickup my food in 15 minutes. This seems much more reasonable than how it was before.
5	If I'm ever back in the Phoenix area I will make a point of specifically eating at this place. Not only was the chicken gyro just fantastic, but the salad that came with was one of the best salads I have had in ages. I could eat a giant plate of just the salad. Not to mention that just $7 gets you a whole gyro and a generous serving of said fantastic salad. If this place opened a branch in Seattle I'd be there twice a week. Just delicious!
1	The WORST service ever. Went there for lunch and order a plain Gyro with sauce on the side and a beef.  45 minutes later I still dont have my food. I heard the cook say he lost our ticket and the girl at the front desk found it in the garbage. At that point our ticket should have been placed in front to get our order out with only two orders in front of us. Instead it was placed at the end. There were 3 cooks...come on! 3 cooks should have been able to get this order out on time and correctly. When I questioned I got every excuse in the book. I was told all the orders in front of us were called in. When I mentioned that I saw they lost our ticket she gave me another excuse. I asked for my money back and she said our meal would be up next then gave me two free lunch tickets. Two more orders came up and went out so I asked for my money back. She then had the audacity to ask for the free tickets back. Never apologizing for the wait just saying basically it was our fault for not calling in the order.  Our food came up so we took it however when we got home the order was wrong anyway. Both the Gyro and beef were DRY. No sauce on the side as asked for and no juice for the beef. I may have given them another chance had they apologized, gave me the free lunch cards and maybe taken the desert off. The girl up front was so rude and NOT customer friendly that I will never go there again and anyone who asks...I will tell them the food is just OK at best but the service sucks so bad they shouldn't go.
4	the food here is awesome! the only thing that could improve is a remodel or a really good deep cleaning all over and repaint.  the bathrooms are always gross too but the food quality always keeps me coming back.
2	If you are in a restaurant before closing time they should serve you. It's pretty much just good business and customer service. Apparently this place isn't aware of that.My dining partner and I walked in at 7:54pm yesterday (12/18/13). The door was wide open, all the lights were on, people were inside eating, and the gyro meat was still in the rotisserie in the kitchen. No one was at the counter so we stood around deciding what to eat. Someone working there came in through the front door, so he wasn't even IN the restaurant. He immediately told us they close at 8, which it now was since we had to wait. We were turned away and walked out the door at 8:02.We went down the street to Philly's and gave them our money since this place didn't seem to want it.
5	THE BEST GYROS IN ARIZONA. Holy smokes. I live in North PHX and I drive to TEMPE just for these gyros. I mean it is as authentic and delicious as you could ever imagine. The best Gyro ever. The piccado is amazing, the original, and don't get me started on the baklavia. Z and George are great people and really do an amazing job. I am very picky about my greek food, and this place is above and beyond amazing. Love this place!
4	The menu is great the gyros are huge and amazing best one in Arizona! The inside of the restaurant could use a good scrub and some fresh paint so I always have to get my orders to go but the sandwiches are worth it!
5	This place is legit.  Their is another store with the same name in scottsdale but trustme this place is way better than the other one in scottsdale.  These people are Greek and the other store is a bunch of mexicans working their not Greek.  Don't be fooled go to this one!
5	This place is amazing. I come here almost on a weekly basis. This is the best gyro place in ariozna and you have to come down here to try it. Also, staff is really friendly nice
4	For what you get, Georges can't be beat.  At least in the valley.  The gyros are huge, affordable and very flavorful.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.  They make a good hot dog too.  I dig it.  I'm a simple man.
4	Oh man, what can I say??? YOU MUST go here!!! The food was delish and awesome servings. Customer service could be a little better. I got the gyro salad and it was amazing, very filling. The gyro was also very good. If you're in the area, stop by, you won't be disappointed!!!!!
5	This is the really deal Gyros. I'm from Detroit and grew up going to greek family resturants. The food is great and the staff is awesome. I love small places with staff that makes you feel like family.
5	I don't know what they put on the chicken in the Greek salad - but it's damn near magical.  I get carry-out from here usually once a week.  So far I've only had the Greek salad, but can't wait to try other stuff when I feel like splurging.
5	Great spot for Gyro's. Straight to the point and great taste.
4	As a first timer, the food was good and the customer service was great!! On a side note, there was no ice in the soda machine.. And they were out of their baklava before 2pm. . Which seems odd. Either way, good food!
5	This place doesn't look the greatest from the outside, and upon entrance the friend I brought along was really hesitant to stay. Despite the somewhat seedy atmosphere, however, the girl who took our order at the register (I believe her name was Katie) was extremely kind and helpful in describing the dishes and making suggestions. We sat at the tables outside after ordering, and Katie brought out our orders along with napkins and utensils. Upon receiving the plates, our first impression was amazement at the incredible amount of food we had been served. We then were under the impression that we had died and gone to heaven after digging into the absolutely delicious food. We ordered a Chicken Supreme pita sandwich and a Gyro Platter. Both dishes were pretty standard in cost as far as gyros go, but like I said, we got so much food for what we paid for! There were also bottles of Sriracha to use, which I always appreciate, and we also got free drink coupons from checking in on our Yelp mobile apps. This place is a MUST! The meat was seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the tzatziki sauce was fresh and flavorful. Both meals came with salads which were incredible and very authentic, full of different veggies and topped with feta and a great oil dressing. We chose rice to accompany the platter which was basic white rice, but was the ideal complementary side. We also had the fries with the gyro which were thick cut and addicting! I would highly recommend dining here  to anyone and I look forward to returning and trying additional dishes from the menu. The only advantages that their nearby competitor Oliveo Grill holds are the option of delivery and being open late (George's closes at 8 p.m.), but other than that the food at George's Famous Gyros is above and beyond!
5	Been coming here for a while and the food is always great. Best gyros in tempe. If you haven't tried this place you must come, you won't be disappointed!
4	This place has fresh & delicious food. I did a take out order and waited 15 minutes but there was 5 orders ahead of me. The foodwas very hot and awesome . I will be back to try some other menu items.
3	On the way back to the Phoenix airport, George's Gyro's came up on my Yelp.  Willing to give this place a chance! We did have a plane to catch, so we were a bit rushed; service is a tad slow.  Full menu of gyro's falafels, hummus plates, salads, burgers, Chicago hot dogs, pasta dishes (seems unusual for a Greek place) and more.  I had the falafel pita and the Greek salad; pita was fresh, falafels were home made and delicious.  the Greek salad was tasty, greens, dressing, olives, feta, etc.  soooo good. Husband had the chicken sandwich, it had a nice charbroiled flavor and a good marinade, very good.  Sis had the hummus, very tasty, too bad we had no room for dessert!  Place is clean and friendly, service was a bit slip b manageable.
5	Great, cheap, and just a plain knock-out lunch spot.
5	Awesome food!
5	Best gyros in the valley! Amazing food. Fast, Fair, and plentiful! The service is an order taker, cashier, server and bus person rolled into one great young gal, who does it all with a smile and a quick fun wit.Wide menu. Some of their pasta plates are fantastic in an old school way. Chicago Greek food at its best in Phoenix.
5	Best gyro I've had in my life, and I've tried finding contenders. The rest of the menu would also leave you hard pressed to find something you weren't happy with. To top it off the owners are great guys and big supporters of first responders, military and the community.
5	Fast and tasty sums it up! Love em!!!
4	notes to self: Great deal. Super cheap with huge portions. definitely not health food, but it is tasty. The gyro picado has grilled peppers; the Texas gyro has bbq sauce. I'm curious about the Athenian stir fry...why are there no pictures of thatMaybe it's obvious but it may be faster to order a salad than fries
5	Gyro and gyro supreme=wow. Chicken gyro=wow. The hummus and appetizers are just ok, but if you want to experience a great gyro, you will not be disappointed. Honestly, I don't think I can I get a gyro anywhere else now because this is just so good. Don't let the kind of crummy strip mall scare u away. If you're in the area, check it out!!
5	I wasn't too impressed with George's when I first walked in, it's an older building and the location isn't impressive, but after trying their gyro supreme I can't go anywhere else! This was the best gyro I've ever had. They seem very authentic and their chicken gyro is amazing too. I don't know what they do to their meat to make it so much better than other greek places but it is unreal. Their appetizers are good/average but their gyros make this my go-to place for greek food.
5	Love the gyros and salads. Can't beat the customer service, everyone is always so friendly amd welcoming!!
5	Let me just say: WOW!!! How have I only just now been to this place? If you love Greek food, look no further.We stopped in today for a quick bite to eat and were not disappointed. You know how I love lists, so here is a list of the things that we loved about this place:1. Easily the best gyro meat we have ever had. Flavorful. Tender. The ideal texture. Just. Muah! *kissing motion*2. The fries/salad were also awesome. Taaaaasty sides.3. Generous portions. Holy cow, the gyros were gyro-normous! I almost had to use a fork!4. The tzaztiki (I am butchering the spelling of that word) is out of this world. It, like the meat, has incredible flavor and texture-- not too much dill flavor/very creamy/not too thin. I'll take a bucket to-go, please.5. There are  red and green bell peppers on the Gyro Supreme. YUM! 6. Cheap. Cheap. Cheap. The prices at the place are ridiculous (in a good way), considering the caliber of the food you receive. We paid less than $20 for two of us. Can't go wrong with prices like that.7. Family owned/local business. We were able to meet the owner (George). Loved that!8. The decor. This tiny little hole in the wall place has really adorable styling inside. 9. Free drink when you check in on Yelp.10. Only 5 minutes from the house.All in all, this discovery was a complete win. While we were there, Rob (the boyfriend) actually used the word "out-%$@king-standing!". Seriously. That good.We will be back ASAP! Thank you, George!
5	This place is delicious! I was down the street at Goodwill when hunger hit. The gyro was packed with more beef than any other gyro that I've had, and it was flavored and seasoned perfectly. I disagree with other reviewers who say it looks like a hole in the wall - sure, its not your typical HUGE flashy restaurant, but they have a very welcoming staff and George himself is working there, ready to have good conversation. If you're hungry, give it a try - you won't be disappointed!
5	One of our favorite places to pick up dinner to go. So many options on the menu, and everything I've had has been delicious!
5	This place is great. The food (gyro, salad, and fries) was awesome. The girl at the front was very nice and professional.  The owner was very nice as well as he told us about the food. The desert (baklava) was very good The atmosphere was good as well. No complaints about this place.  5 stars for sure
4	Was craving a meatball sub and came here based on the reviews. Got it to go and it was out pretty quickly. It was about $7 for the sub and a side of fries. Got back to work to eat and it was still really hot and the cheese was all melty and the fries were still crispy. The only thing I'd change is that the marinara seems to be all poured on the top but not inside the bread. I like my meatball subs a little more saucy, but overall it was still good and a pretty decent price. The girl at the front was super nice, and I didn't think the appearance is all that bad like others are saying. It's in a small strip/plaza but it's not like shady or gross outside. I was not intimidated in the least and I think inside was fine too, it's a smaller place but I'd prefer that over a big commercial chain any day.
5	This is my go to place whenever I am craving a gyro, and let me tell you, once you have George's, you will crave these gyros too. Not only are they delicious, but the portions are huge! So much bang for your buck! This place also has consistently great, prompt service. The owner is super friendly and down to earth. The girls who work the register are always smiling and give great suggestions. If there are any issues with the wait time being too long, they will give you a free drink to make up for it. I've even seen them give free drinks to people when it's their first time coming in. Definitely going the extra mile.  A bit of a "hole in the wall", but by far the best gyro you will ever have!!!
4	Friendly staff and good food.  Been here multiple times and never had a bad experience
5	The place is poorly ventilated, The decorations suck, The staff  may have a grumpy attitude... But the gyros are so damn good it does not matter!!
5	Best gyros I've had in this state, lots of meat, the steak one is absolutely delicious, baklava is nice, crispy and rich. Prices are pretty good and the portions of salad and fries that you get with your Gyro are more than sufficient for the money. Great service and food, I just moved to Phoenix but I still find time to get to Old Town.
3	Nice environment, laid back staff. We got an Italian gyro and Picado gyro. The meat and ingredients were excellent but the pitas were stale. Probably won't go back :(
5	The Bomb!! Greek food usually tastes the same wherever you go, but once you go here all the rest can't hold up. I don't know what it is but all their food (I've tried many items) is excellent and I eat their about every weekend. They recently upped their prices slightly but it's definitely worth it. The gyros are the best I've ever had and they jam it full of meat and toppings. Don't let the unfancy inside bother you, it is the best Greek food you can get in Arizona.
5	I've been to this place a few times now and its been a delight each time. Im originally from Chicago where they have phenomenal Greek food, but I've been disappointed in my search for Greek food since moving out West (San Diego and now Phoenix) . However this place is run by Greek Chicagoans and was not a let down. My wife really enjoys the pasta there, especially one time when they made their special vodka sauce pasta. I really like their gyros, the meat is superb and plenty. Unlike some other Greek places I've tried in the area, this place is not only good but reasonably priced and you get a good quantity of food. I think I will stop checking other Greek places out, wasting my money, and just go to George's :)
1	This place is terribly greasy. You guys should go to Mediterranean Cuisine in Gilbert,  AZ. I promise you, they have Authentic Gyro, hummus (they bring out a massive plate with real authentic hummus), baklava, and freshly squeezed fruit and vegetable drinks. There place inside is much cleaner and nice. Great service also. Don't waste your time and energy going to george's famous gyros, it's greasy and makes you feel so heavy and bloated days after.
4	This is the type of restaurant where you can quick bite to eat hassle free. The wait for food is less than 10 minutes. The inside could be a little nicer but it's not bad. Obviously the food is amazing
5	The best place to get a gyro. Everything on this menu is outstanding. Try everything, you won't be disappointed. Not only having amazing food the staff is great. The employees have great attitudes, are very polite, and love being helpful. The atmosphere is very fun and enjoyable as well. Promise it is the best gyro ever. It's like you are I'n Chicago for your lunch or dinner.
4	The gyros are pretty good, but I would skip the hummus.
5	Grrrr ate. You will be glad you did. Like everything about the people and food. You get a lot of excellent food for a modest price. You can eat a meal and take home enough for a snack or second meal. Good variety. Does a lot of take out  Always clean. Never noisy. Music and TV.  Quality is possibly from retaining exvellent cooks and almost everyone cooks!
5	I've tried the chicken pita w extra diced cucumbers; tried w both a Greek salad and another time with fries. Both very delicious! Best fries!  Had the pita with siracha sauce and yum, added the extra kick of flavor with every bite! Hubby had the gyro and said it was to die for! Everything is reasonably priced! Will be back for sure and definitely recommend to everyone we know! Staff is very friendly!They take online orders, too, which is very convenient. They will text you immediately with pick-up time!Thanks for the wonderful food and great experience!
4	I ate here 2 hours ago and am still stuffed. The guy working said they aim to make you waddle out, not wall, and they succeeded. Oh my gosh it was all so good. I had the chicken platter and subbed hummus for the rice. The hummus was very thick, different from what I am used to. The chicken was a tad dry, but good when mixed with the tzatziki sauce, which they make in-house. My husband said the original gyro was the best he's ever had. And I am not normally a french fry girl, but couldn't stop eating them off his plate. I was curious about the meatballs, and the guy behind the counter brought out a sample for me and the hubs to try. Delicious it was, as well as the sauce on top. Great service, too. Nothing fancy inside, but overall great food.
4	Man oh man! I've gotta say that since I discovered this place, I can't get enough of the food. It's funny but, I'm determined to try every single menu item. For the past two weeks, I've visited almost everyday, which is something I've never done w a restaurant before. Hahah! The cashier, Tyler,  has been helpful in making decisions when it came to items I was unfamiliar with. His customer service and friendliness is top notch!
5	I live around the corner from George's! Excellent food and service every time. I am a meatball sandwich critic and I would say they have one of the best in town!
5	I eat lunch here along with many people at my office about 2 times a week. The food is perfect, quantities are large and the price is right on spot.The best part is the service and Kathrin who is there everyday I go is always the best.
5	Love love love this place. Food is delicious and the girl who works the front is just so sweet and friendly!!!
5	Best gyros I have had outside Chicago. Definitely worth the trip. I will definitely come back.
5	Amazing food at a great price! I great little neighborhood find!
4	I am a huge gyro fan, and these guys did not disappoint! When we walked in we were greeted and all our questions were answered promptly. They even let us sample the meatballs that they raved about. I ended up ordering the original Gyro. There was plenty of meat balanced with the regular veggies. Having french fries with a gyro is a must and their's are pretty good. Overall, we had a good experience.
5	gyros, gyros, gyros... but I love the hot dogs the best. wait! no the deep fried mac n cheese. yeah that is it. That is my favorite and they work with the Belly app!
5	I can't get enough of this place. Everything I've ordered since discovering this place has been uber yummy. Katey and Tyler (cashiers/servers) are always kind, friendly, and helpful.
5	Was looking for a quick place to eat and i LOVE gyros.  So this little hideaway on McKellips between Scottsdale and Hayden was buzzing with customers.  (Fireman anyone?)  My supreme gyro was FULL of thinly sliced beef and loaded with vegies.  The bottom of the pita had lots of feta which I love.  The tzatziki sauce was also flavorful and gave it just the right amount of moisture and taste.
3	I don't know... I just can't get in to this place. I was reinvigorated to George's greatness by re-reading some reviews. So I scoured the menu and pre-ordered a falafel pita for pickup. As I remembered the service was not necessarily friendly, nor rude, either - simply adequate. I paid for extra tzatziki on the side for my side of fries.  The tzatziki on my falafel pita was so sparse (not close to the quantity in the 1 ounce side container) that I had to get some salad dressing to cover the pita with to make it edible.  Less than one slice of tomato was chopped up and 3 medium sized pieces of iceberg constituted the other pita ingredients.The fries were mostly nicely spiced, and awesome with the tzatziki.  The pita?  Sucked.
2	The food is ok. Very greasy though. I think the high review is for the large portions and cheap price. I'd rather have good food than massive amounts of it.
