2	Located in Fulton Ranch, a fairly new upscale shopping center including an AJ's, Sautee seemed to be trying too hard and in some cases not hard enough.I stopped in for an impromptu lunch, even though I was still slightly full from breakfast.Oh I hate it when i go somewhere new and everything sounds good and I don't know what to order, so I thought I'd try a few different things.Pretty expensive entrees, up to $29.95! Moderately priced salads and sandwiches around the $10 range.I decided to start with the Fried Calamari, soaked in buttermilk for maximum tenderness these thick and juicy strips were melt in your mouth bliss.(see pics) The accompaniment sauces however were not a good match, chipotle chile, tasted like spicy BBQ and the key lime red pepper was like a sweetened thinned out mayo, I didn't detect any lime flavor in there at all, I ended up asking for lemon wedges which were just what those babies needed, YUM!I also ordered the Chicken Satay skewers served with spicy tangerine sauce, these were tasty and the sauce was perfect match(see pics)The last thing I tried was one of their Fire Grilled Flat-breads, I chose the "of the day" flavor which was urban chicken, with spinach, mushroom and smoked gouda (see pics) Not impressed at all, I can guarantee this was not made to order, my toppings slid around under a thick blanket of dried cheese, meaning it was melted sometime before I ever ordered it. I only took two bites.My waiter service was good, I was visited in total by 3 different waiters(?) all who asked how everything was and I expressed to each of them my dislike of the pizza. Unfortunately none of them offered to get me something else or remove it from my bill~which is the courteous standard at most restaurants~especially NEW ones.The pizza was even boxed  up for me, why would I want to take home something I didn't like? I told him to toss it.I'm not sure if I would come back here or not, maybe to try a salad, but I'm not going to chance spending $30 on entree that I might not like.
3	If you're on weight watchers or something like that, you should probably stay away, because everything on the menu is fattening, even the spinach salad that I thought I'd get away with being under a bazillion calories is drenched in dressing and topped with fried onions.  So as long as you dont care how much your rear will grow while being there, I recommend the (cheese) enchilada soup and the (cheese) quesadilla, even though it's is pretty greasy, but it's okay, cause I think they use expensive grease, so it tastes really good.They have a nice patio with a cool fire-thing and a beautiful view of the parking lot.  It is pretty pricey too and is really trying to look like a new vegas casino or scottsdale club.   oooh fire!  when does the pirate show start!
3	Dinner for four on a Friday at Sautee. Halibut and steak entrees were excellent. Our waitress was attentive. Problem: something went wrong in the design of this place. It is exceedingly LOUD, like the restaurants in New York City that want to turn tables quickly. Music and conversation left ears feeling like the same as when I walked out of the Judas Priest concert last week.Unless you're in the mood to call audibles at the line to your waiter, pass on this one for dinner.
4	Lets get the negative out of the way first...Sautee gets minus one star for serving the entrees way too soon after getting the appetizer.Besides that, I loved it!  I went there last night to meet my friend and her husband for dinner.  They are new to Chandler and we were thinking of places to go and I mentioned this place since I always wanted to go.  I walked in where on the right is the bar area.  There was live music from this guy who was just awesome.  The music wasn't too loud and I was still able to have a conversation with my friends.  Stacey was our server and she was patient and extremely knowledgeable  about the wines.  She recommended a bottle of Pinot Noir for us (though I was hesitate since I am not a red fan at all) and I am now a convert!  LOL, we ended up finishing two bottles. (I think I am still drunk)We started off the night with the calamari for the appetizer.  The calamari itself was cooked perfectly, though I could have done with the sauces that were with it.  (A chipolte chili drizzle and a key lime red pepper sauce)  I ended ordering the Panko chicken with spinach, avocado and a side of fruit. (Trying to stay a little healthy)  It was amazing and cooked just right.  My friend had the Garlic Feta Shrimp Wrap that she said was great and her husband had the Tortellini...put it this way I never saw somebody finish a meal that quickly.  He loved it.I loved the atmosphere was this place...upscale without the pretentiousness.  The company definitely help, of course. I will be back for sure.
3	I was drove past there this weekend, and then read yesterday on azcentral.com that they have closed their doors.  I had never dined there but the building & decor looks awesome, huge outdoor patio with a glass enclosed fireplace, guess it's just another sign of the struggling economy....
