5	Let me start be saying I was patiently waiting for this sandwich shop to open. I have been to the other location on Lake Mead. There I had #7, it was great! So I had high expectations for this place as we ordered. One of the guys who worked there gave me some advice on what to order. A bit hesitant because I had my heart set on #7, I decided to for it. (I presume the guy worked there for a while since he knew some secrets) . The secret was #10 "Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket" without BBQ sauce then bring with you a bottle of the Captain Sorensen"s Datil Pepper Hot Sauce. --------------10 BITES and it was gone!! --------------------------------------------There coke machine dispenser was very cool! We were playing with it for a little while. It has a screen that you touch to get the flavor you want, then PUSH. Overall, very clean, new, friendly staff. FYI.....order the food first with the cashiers...pay for it and they will bring it to you once done.
5	There is nothing like a warm steak sandwich on a chilly day. I ordered the Firehouse Steak and Cheese on white. It's sirloin steak, melted provolone, onions, bell peppers, mayo, and mustard. It was delicious! It tastes just as good as the ones I typically get at the Great Steak chains you would find at the mall. Their soda machine also caught my curiosity because it's like one machine that serves  120 + flavors. I was going to get a Mello Yello because that is the closest thing to Mountain Dew but there were so many types. I ended up with a Grape Mello Yello. It doesn't taste as good as the regular yellow one but it was still good. This machine has so many flavors though.... I couldn't get over it! ( I'm easily amused) I had a heavy finger much like a heavy foot so my husband had to choose my drink. Firehouse Subs not only has great food but if you love hot sauce they sell all different types here!
4	This is the first Firehouse Subs I have ever been to.  Hard to fathom, I know.  But I did some research online and ordered the sweet and spicy meatball, which appears to be a semi-secret off-menu item.  It was pretty good!  Nice amount of spice and yummy melted cheese on top.However, this location's claim to fame, so to speak, and the reason why I went to this location specifically, is the soda machine (see pic).  Very high-tech, but when I actually used it, I realized that they just have a bunch of flavored syrups which you can appropriately, or inappropriately, mix with your favorite soft drink.  Some combinations are pretty gross, in my opinion.  Who wants a vanilla-flavored Sprite?I appreciate that they have non-caffeinated, no-calorie sodas like Sprite Zero and Dasani Sensations.  But keep in mind that if you add the flavored syrup, you will not have a diet drink anymore.  Plus, it is hard to figure out what you are getting, if you are a drink nazi like me.  For example, Dasani Sensations with Lemon - is that the no-calorie version or is it with the lemon syrup that has calories?Finally, people get enamored with the damn machine and stand in front of it, taking sips of every possible combination.  They only have one machine so it gets super annoying.But enough about the drink machine.  The cashier and food prep people were friendly, the food was good, I'll be back.
5	Amazing subs- so glad they opened this location. The service is great, the food is awesome, the hot sauces are delicious, the coke machine is fun- I really enjoy eating here and I look forward to repeat visits. Every other sub place pales in comparison, except Capriotti's, but they have their own special thing going on, so I don't really compare the two.By the way, the #10 with the Datil sauce is fantastic!! My other favorite is the #5, just as it is. YUM!
5	Love the meatball sub! Best I've ever had. Just one thing, it's very minor and maybe it's just me but whenever you walk in you get barraged by every worker saying, "Welcome to Firehouse Subs!"  Hearing that five consecutive times gets a bit redundant. One greeting is sufficient.  I'm tempted to yell back, "Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" When I walk into a sandwich shop I want attention but not the bells and whistles, look who just walked in kind of attention.
4	This place has a great selection of delicious hot and cold sandwiches. Also there is a excellent collection of hot sauces to help spice up any sandwich. I enjoy the quick friendly service and the devotion the employees have to making your sandwich exactly as you desire. Also this location has the new Coca Cola machine that has 120 different combinations. I am not a huge Coke fan but when I tried this same soda machine at the World of Coke in Atlanta, I really enjoyed the multiple combinations
4	Stopped in for lunch last week. Excellent service and excellent meal. They have the new Coke fountain that I love. Stop in and check them out! I had the steak and cheese sub. Had a great conversation with the manager and several employees.
4	I think I've discovered a new addiction. I had never tried Firehouse Subs prior to the opening of this location, but boy am I glad I did! As a fan of hot sandwiches, this was the perfect place for me. On my first few visits, I ordered the Turkey Bacon Ranch, and it was delicious. My only wish for it was for the bacon to be "crispy" as it says in its description. On another visit, I had ordered the same thing to go. Same taste, but was a little disappointed in the fact that by the time I got home (10 minutes later), much of my bread had turned a bit soggy due to the dressing they put on it. Maybe next time I should ask for the dressing on the side. In an attempt to branch out and try another sub, I ordered the New York Steamer Sub (hehe). Again, YUM-O! The meats on their subs are definitely not sparse, as they pile their meat on a lot more than the bigger sub sandwich chains in town (ubway-Say and ort-of-subs-Pay) :D.  Also, their meats are very juicy! Any time you can describe something as meaty and juicy is GREAT in my book! ;)Oh, and any place that is equipped with the soda machine that they have, has automatic brownie points from me! 120+ flavors of beverages out of one machine?! My only desire was to have the ability to sample each flavor in one sitting! I absolutely love the Peach Sprite. Mmmmm...Closest thing to Earl of Sandwich in my opinion, and definitely more bang for your buck.
2	Meats seem to have very little flavor. I got the Italian sub cold and all I could taste was the ham and the overly sweet Italian dressing. I pulled the pepperoni and the salami off separately to taste them. The the pepperoni was completely without flavor and the salami wasn't far behind. Tried my wife's roast beef and it was the same. Almost no flavor from the meat. For the price I'd expect better quality and flavor.I will come back however if I ever feel the need to eat flavorless meat. In the mean time I will just go to Jimmie Johns!
5	Firehouse is giving Jersey Mike's a run for its money as top chain sandwich place in town. The place is very open, and there is no cramped feeling, even if there was a ton of people in there. I ordered the NY Steamer sandwich, and is a very high-quality sub. I did get the sandwich "Fully involved". The brisket & pastrami combo was outstanding. The cole slaw on top was the icing on the cake! I did get the foot long Large sub, which is $2.00 more. Well worth the couple bucks. The famous soda machine has over 120 soda styles. I did get a peach-cherry Mello Yello. Peach soda is awesome!Will be back soon, and will order the brisket & cheddar large sub next time.
4	Yesterday, I was in need of a quick dinner.  The answer was to try one of the new Firehouse Subs that have been opened recently.  I looked at the menu online so I had some idea of what I would order.  I got a small tuna and a small engineer.  I saw the magic Coke machine but since I was taking the subs home, I didn't try it out.  Also, I had Holly C.'s admonition about the flavored syrups, so that factored into my decision.My wife and I both enjoyed our subs.  They were very tasty and the price is good.  I'll be returning and try something else, and yes, I will hit up that Coke machine.  No one was using it when I was there yesterday.
5	This place sold me when i saw the soda machine, how terrible.No really, so its one of those like at five guys too, where it has a touch screen, and i dunno like 12 soda choices, then once you choose one, you can then choose an offbeat flavor,like peach in your sprite or strawberry. On to the subs-I always order italian with everything on it, and if you get a combo you get a fabulous soda and pick a bag of chips. I freakin love italian subs, and being that this place is in my work complex, well i just can't stay away!!! a bit pricey, but with the stellar sub and awesome soda variety, i just don't care!!!! XD
4	There's something about sitting and enjoying your sub at Firehouse that makes you want to smile. When you walk in, the entire staff looks like they just finished laughing at some great joke and they keep that jolly disposition the entire time.As for the subs - steaming the meat and cheese works well. The bun never suffers the fate of heat or toasting and stays soft and fresh down to the last bite.As far as subs go, Firehouse fits me just perfectly.
5	First time here, the wife and I split a "Club on a Sub".  It was very good, unlike other sub shops when we asked for black olives they gave us a lot, not three little slices!  They have the 120+ drink machine here as well which is a nice twist.  The final note that will definitely bring me back is the fact that they PROUDLY FLY AN AMERICAN FLAG in their establishment.  The boys devoured their food and we will definitely be back!
5	This Firehouse Subs is delicious! I like how the staff greet you as you come in.My favs are the"Meatball" and the "Hook and Ladder". If you like it spicy then when ordering the meatball say "make it sweet and spicy" it is so good!The "H&L" was for sure my fav.You can order online! They have a small patio area where you can sit outside and eat.I'm so glad we have Firehouse Subs I just love this place.The decor is cool and it is very clean inside.
3	I went to eat at this location after driving by once to try it out. It wasn't bad, I had the 8" steak & cheese sandwich combo with sauteed mushrooms and sauteed onions. Next time I will get something with some spice, since they had a cabinet full of different hot sauces.
5	I discovered Firehouse Subs a few years ago and I've been a fan since. So what has suddenly inspired me to review this particular location? Simple.(1) I LOVE the touch screen Coca-Cola machine that dispenses 120+ flavors of Coke products. We didn't spend a ton of time perusing the selection, but we noticed they had Fanta Zero (something I didn't know existed). We ended up going with non-diet Fanta Grape. I'm not usually a fan of grape soda, but I'm apparently a Fanta Grape fan!(2) I LOVE their awesome selection of sauces. Sure they're just bottled sauces, but the selection is staggering. I picked out a berry chipotle, a raspberry jalapeno, and a BBQ sauce that comes from Lynchburg, TN (the town where Jack Daniel's Distillery is located). Firehouse Subs makes delicious hero sandwiches as it is, but it's nice to be able to kick them up with unique sauces you've never heard of.
5	Got a few subs there and they were great. The subs were filled with meat and the large subs were footlong size. That might be a problem if you're used to Capriottis or Jersey Mike's and their huge 18" subs, but these footlongs were only $8 and there was a lot of meat in them. Definitely not like Subway where half your sub is veggies with a couple of spoons of meat. The taste was good. The brisket sub was well seasoned and the bbq sauce had nice flavor. The bread was nice and they give you a pickle on the side. Very good quality for the price. They also have a lot of different sauces in this rack near the counter and have an HDTV that was on ESPN which is nice if you eat inside the restaurant. It's in a nice neighborhood as well.
5	My boyfriend was really excited when he saw Firehouse Subs so of course we went in for lunch one day. It was a firefighter theme because duh, it was founded by firemen. Their sandwiches are delicious and flavorful however it was a little on the expensive side. Two combos (chips and a pretty big sized drink included) can run you up to $20. So about $8 a combo plus tax!?! Yeah.....=/ in this economy...hmm. Speaking of drinks, we LOVED the soda machine where you can mix and match your favorite soda to your favorite syrup. This is probably one of the few places I can get my Vanilla Coke. =) Mmmm yumm!!!!!But I do believe the saying, "you get what you paid for." $$=good sandwiches. It definitely beats Subway on the tastebud side but Firehouse Subs is not for heath-conscious folks. After you eat your sandwich, make sure you keep active the rest of your day. Cuz these sandwiches rank up some pretty big numbers in calories I'm sure.
5	Great subs and my daughter loved the hat
5	I LOVE this place.  Their prices are great and the sandwiches are AMAZING.My favorite is the Hook n Ladder.  My least favorite is the tuna (YUCK!!!)They give you lots of meat on the sub. Take that, Subway!The one thing I don't like about the place is how the employees are forced to yell "Welcome to Firehouse!" every time someone walks in.  It makes me really uncomfortable because I know they are only saying it because they have to.
3	Good sandwich, busy location.  The soda machine was the main attraction.  You can mix any type of Coca-Cola product with any type of flavorings.  It really is cool bust sometimes it has a very long line to get a drink. Sandwich was good but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.  Parking was easy and ambiance is nice.  Basic sandwich shop stuff with extraordinary soda machine.  Good, could be better.
5	Excellent sandwiches!I haven't stepped into a Subway or Quiznos for ages...but when I crave a great sandwich at fast food prices, this is the solid choice.The quality blows away the other guys, and the taste is amazing.  Portions are large, but most importantly, you get great bang for your buck.Go for it!
4	Good Hotsub and really fun soda machine.
5	I was looking for a different lunch place and found this on Yelp. I have never been to a Firehouse Subs before. The staff was very helpful and they help me make the right choice. I chose the new brisket sandwich and let me tell you it was oh so good! Probably one of the best sandwiches I have had recently. I can't wait to return to this place. Yum all the way around..
4	Whoot! SUBS! I love sandwiches. I love bread. I'm a fatty. They have an awesome veggie sub here full of delicious tomatoes, onions, peppers, olives, and mushrooms! Yeah and lettuce and that stuff, but MUSHROOMS! They usually put mayo on it with oils, but I opt out of that, just doesn't seem necessary to me. Not only do they have really great bread too (gah! so good!) but they give you a pickle! PICKLES! Any place that just hands you a pickle with your food is alright with me.
5	I am now addicted to this place!! Hot subs that aren't too crunchy or hard? Check! Fresh fixings? Check! Lots of meat? Check!  Awesome soda machine with over 100 flavor combinations? Double check!  And a friendly atmosphere with very nice employees? Yep- check to that too!I am stuck on the "Engineer" sub (all of the subs have fire station themed names), with turkey, cheese, sauteed mushrooms, mayo, lettuce and tomato (all subs come with lettuce, tomato, mayo, mustard, onion, and a dill pickle on the side, so be sure to ask to have the items you don't like taken off).  It takes a little longer than Subway or the like for them to prepare it, but for the quality, I am willing to wait.  Bravo, Firehouse Subs!
4	Got a coupon and thought I'd try it. Called in the order. When I arrived 10 minutes laterI was surprised it was ready. The staff was friendly and helpful. I got the large steak & cheese sandwich and a small one for my daughter. Surprised it was really good except when we got home and opened it the bottom bread was soggy. Didn't stop us from eating it but would have been better if the bread wasn't soggy. My wife had the pastrami sandwich. It need some work. Not the best. I'd stick with the steak and cheese. Liked it that they had all these different bbq & hot sauces you can try. Will be back to try other sandwiches.
4	Been to FS a few times and this past visit made me realize I am hooked on the New York Steamer!  Mmm, that hot, tender beef brisket and pastrami calls to me.  The melted provolone pulls away in those strings of cheese that you wrap around your finger to help it get into your mouth with each savory bite.  I never have it with the Italian dressing because I think that distracts from the smoky flavor of the meat and I don't care for soppy bread.  Stopped in at a perfect time, a little before dinner hour, so the servers were very at ease and attentive.  It can get frenzied during the lunch rush, so call ahead if you don't want to be kept waiting.
5	WOW... It hasn't been that long since I wrote my last review for Firehouse Subs, but I have to write an update already!!! The customer service here is absolutely AMAZING!!! I've become quite the frequent customer here, coming by for lunch once or twice a week, and the employees are SO friendly, polite, and attentive. I wish more places were like this! Many of them know me by name, they know my order, and if I step out to the grocery store and return, they will walk my order to me at the door! WOW! I don't know anywhere else that will do that.  The manager and I had a great talk today, and he even read my Yelp review! :)As always, the subs are delicious, warm, meaty, and well-prepared. I am definitely hooked on Firehouse!!!
4	wow! condiments galore! I've never seen so many sauces in one place :Pthis was my first time experiencing this chain restaurant. I love how their rolls are made! You get a non messy perfect ratio of meat and bread in every bite!Overall both my husband and I enjoyed our sandwiches and I will definitely come back.
4	I'm a fan of this place and I don't really love subs.. so I think that should count for something. There is just something about their subs, there are pretty flavorishhhh !! the place is usually very clean, reasonable prices and the best part is their soda machine!!!  They  have a million coke choices so you can be super creative if you want to...Oh, and the tip of the day is..... If you have kids or you still have your inner kid, make sure to ask for a fireman hat!! There are pretty awesome
5	Great service great food!! Nothing more to say! Very consistent have eaten here dozens of times
5	Pleasantly surprised! We hadn't planned on going here for lunch but after the first two places we went to turned out to be closed, we went here after starvation kicked in.Our subs were delicious and made correctly and the staff was super friendly and helpful.
5	I got the cornbeef sandwich. One of the tastiest sandwiches I've had in a while. Just the right amount of meat. I don't like too much meat or too little. Everything tasted fresh and good. It was so good I had to come back the next day. This time I ordered the sweet and spicy meatball. It reminds me of a pizza but in a sandwich. :)Customer service is excellent. I was greeted immediately with a smile. The place looks clean too.I'll be back again.
5	Hook and ladder hot sandwich was to die for. Love this place. Also the hot Italian was deelicious. Will eat here again. Very reasonable prices and great tasting sandwiches.
3	damn good sub, but 30 minutes to wait AFTER ordering is too long!  yeah it was a busy day, but still....
4	Love this place. Employees always friendly. service is great.
5	This is my go-to meal for a quick lunch or dinner option! It's flavorful, fresh, and filling!I love the sandwich sizes, their pickles, the free kids fire hats, and their philanthropic donations. It's a little pricey compared to their competition, but I'll pay more for quality and convenience. All that's missing is a Dalmatian tied to a fire hydrant outside their front door.
4	I love this place. I'm a sandwich fanatic and these guys do it right. And what gives this place an extra star is the nice selection of hot sauces to spice things up. Each location seems to vary in selection, but it's always fun to try new ones.
4	I came here for my free birthday sub, so I won't be commenting on the value. I got a powerade with it, so I paid 2 bucks for a drink and a medium sub hahaI was, however, pretty impressed with the place. They were really efficient, they were very friendly (said hello to everyone that worked in the store), and got me in and out in about 10 minutes. I got the philly cheese steak, and that was really good. I loaded it up including mushrooms, and it was a perfect treat for my birthday lunch. I also saw that they have one of those 120+ soft drink machines from Coke. I had heard about them, but never used one myself, and almost bought a soft drink just to play with it.Overall I liked the sandwich, the service was great, and I will be back next time I'm looking to a get a sub.
1	I have been to this location dozens of times and on this visit the service was downright horrible. No greetings to any customers. Kids on the line touching their face and hair.At least 30% of the meat on my small sandwich was fat. I've never experienced such poor quality meat at any Firehouse and believe that it should not have been served. I was told that "sometimes that just how the meat is."I discussed the poor service and negative atmosphere with shift manager and received a quick unauthentic apology with no remedy.I refuse to patronize businesses that don't appreciate their customers and provide quality service. I will not be returning up this location.
4	Still lovin that New York Steamer.   Can't review anything else on the menu since I am stuck on that hot and savory pastrami and brisket sub.  If it ain't broke,  not fixing it.  Happy to be hooked.
5	Great service. When calling in orders it is always ready right in time. Great when u are in a hurry. Their meatball sub is a family favorite. Salads are always crisp and full of vegetables. I highly recommend eating here or ordering from here when you are in a rush.
5	The limited pork and slaw was delicious. The Hawaiian bun made the entire sandwich. I'm not usually a fan of slaw but this was legit.
5	Recently discovered Firehouse Subs and have already been back twice. The subs are delicious, full of meat and full of flavor .  The bread is very good.   The restaurant is clean and spacious.  This sub shop is so much better than Subway or a Jersey Mike's, it's ridiculous.  Recommend that you try a Firehouse Subs and it will be goodbye to Subway forever!
3	Not being a particularly big fan of sandwiches, I really only patronize one when I'm short on time, there's nothing around, or I'm following my group.  I've only ever had a handful of great sandwiches/subs, with the only one standing out at the moment being the Air France lounge at Dulles (they also have killer rice pudding).  Wanting a quick lunch and Firehouse being across the street, I decided to give this very well-rated chain a try.  Surely they must be better than Quizno's and Subway!The fast food set-up and ordering belies the time it takes to actually get an order.  Not sure what they do, but it takes me (along with everyone else) about 10 minutes to get my order of combo #10 - Smokehouse Beef & Cheddar Brisket sub with a bag of chips and soda.  Big plus - million choice soda machine, and I choose Grape Fanta this time.  Love that machine.  $9 for the combo, which seems a bit high but surely the sub must be fantastic.  Anyway, 10 minutes later I get my sub, and my first bite is somewhat... underwhelming.  Now, I thought the bread was really good - not great, but really good.  And the meat and cheese inside also seemed fresh and well made.  But the combination didn't quite work because the taste of the bread basically overpowered the stuff inside.  It was like having really good bread...  And the size was also underwhelming, causing me to question whether I should have paid $9 for this.  And the biggest question of all, why did it take 10 minutes to prepare this??Firehouse is certainly a huge step up from the two aforementioned chains, and if I'm in a hurry I will probably come back here.   I'll give it a 3-star rating, but certainly with room for improvement.  Maybe it's what I ordered, and next time I should try something with more ingredients in them.  But before I do that, I think I'll try Port of Subs next, which is also across the street.
5	Firehouse is a great lunch spot. The staff are very friendly and attentive. They are super kid friendly. This is our favorite lunch place.
5	Driving out from Red Rock Canyon we were hungry and were looking for a place to eat. We tried RR but they even at 1:30PM they had incredible waits and well... we were hungry. So we pull up the Yelp app and there with these great reviews is Firehouse. So, we get out of RR and drive over, park and look at the menus in wonder. We are hungry, so we order.I'll be honest, I'm not a sub person. I just think they are bread sandwiches with nothing else. But this is a beautiful sandwich. From the fresh and soft white bread to the pastrami that was just the right temperature. It was tender, tasty and all four of us looked at each other and agreed that this is a great place.They have these great fire hats for kids and they graciously gave us one even though we didn't have a child with us. This is a very excellent choice.
5	Simply so good. Service is wonderful. Clean place. Just perfect for a quick bite to eat.
5	Great sandwiches and great food! Service is good and consistent! Love the pastrami sandwich and their cookies taste awesome! A huge variety too is good and I love that they toast their sandwiches.
5	They have great service and the subs are the best. My family love coming to this location for the great service and the great food. They have the cool coca cola soda dispenser. If you have kids ask them for a fire men hat. Kids love those.
