5	This Hotel has been demolished to make way for The Giant Ferris Wheel Project : (WHY would anyone stay in one of the expensive hotels on the strip when a nice place like the Happi Inn is available? More money than common sense? Probably!!This Hotel is right across from the Mandalay Bay & Luxor @ the south end of the strip & offers nice air conditioned rooms, cable TV, microwave, huge comfortable beds all for $200 a week. What a deal!! And the view of the hotels across the street at night is AWESOME -especially the Luxor with its HUGE light blasting into space!!There is a McDonalds & several other places incl a Shell convienent store/gas station right up the road within walking distance.I highly recommend this hotel & the staff is very friendly & there is free coffee in the lobby/office*07/2011 - This Motel has been torn down to make room for the GIGANTIC Ferris Wheel. I am glad I got to stay there & will always have fond memories of its welcoming me to Vegas :  )
1	I just laughed so hard when I saw someone gaVe this place 5 stars. I haven't laughed that much in weeks.Should be called the Crappy Inn. WOW, ok, so I can honestly say this is by far, without a doubt the worst, ugliest, scariest place I have ever stayed. On a busy 3 day weekend, we were roaming the streets of vegas trying to find a room, anywhere at like 4am, everything was booked, And thats when we found the Happi inn. It seriously looked like a jail cell with brick walls, no window, what appeared to be blood stains on the floor, and a wall air conditioner that shook all night & appeared to be on the brink of falling over right on top of the bed. You couldn't PAY me to stay here again, and this is coming from one cheap woman. To this day, my friends and I still sit around and laugh at our night at Happy Inn. Stay away your better off getting arrested & staying the night in jail.
5	I stayed at this place for a night and when I tell you I laughed!!!! I LAUGHED!!! First, we had Luxor soap, Excalibur shampoo, Circus Circus lotion plus worn out furniture. The bed was caved in and sitting on bricks. The A/C only worked on low and it was just a dark room. It almost felt like the Bates Motel or something. Writing this post is even funny. With that being said and because you can only laugh at this place, I'm going to give it 5 stars for the entertainment....
