1	After purchasing $150 dog carrier we decided to return it and get store credit; thinking we can use the $150 for food and accessories for our new puppy, right?? WRONG!!!! "All sales are final" we were told! They did not want to work with us at all, suggesting the reason it was final sale (which they did not bother mentioning when I paid $150 for the bag) was because of sanitary reasons. Oh there's more....the owner of the company, yes the owner...says "my hands are tied". WTF!!?? yes people the owner's hands are tied...boo hoo. Never going there again. I realized this place is okay with accepting my money, but not refunding or crediting me. Petco, Petsmart and any other franchise is definitely a better place to shop. Not over priced, friendly customer service, and they stand by their products =)
5	only place I buy my dogs food toys and supplies. love it!
5	Very nice people and awesome job.  They took my dog last minute when PETCO didn't work out.  I wil be using them instead of petco from now on!!
5	I have always had very positive experiences with Bone-Appetit.  They are always able to make fast appointments.  They are not too expensive.  And they do a wonderful job.  My dogs like going there, all the workers are very friendly
5	They have groomed my mini poodle, Lady and always do a great job.  She's never had any injuries and always looks beautiful and smells great when I pick her up.
5	I love this place! I have been a regular here since i got my puppy a year and a half ago. It is obvious everyone who works here really loves dogs. They sell only very high quality products with our pets health in mind. This is the only place I will have my dog groomed. They do a fabulous job on my uncooperative multipoo. Even though he is not fond of getting a haircut, he loves the groomers! That says a lot.
3	Smaller than the Bone -Appetit on West Tropicana but still a nice store. I was able to find a dog Christmas ornament here that I was looking for, so they made my day. This location seems more geared toward grooming but still has some toys and food for sale as well as fresh baked treats.
5	First off let me start by saying my dog Herbert is a grumpy old man. He's a 4 year old shih tzu and he was found under my husbands truck 3 years ago. So I don't know what his story was but we think he was abused. We have been taking him to Bone Appetit for 1 1/2 years now and they're absolutely great with him. So gentle and do a great job on him. We went to a new lady today named Marian and she was so understanding of how he can be a pain in the butt. I literally have to drug him for getting groomed. She had him done within an hour and when I picked him up she said she gave him breaks and just worked with him. She did a great job. He looks so great. I love this place. Not to mention we're 5 mins away. If you have a dog that's as hard as my little Herbie is you should try this place!! Ask for Marian.
4	This place used to be a beauty salon so each self-wash station is in a private room with a tub and dryer.  I really like having all the supplies and your own dryer in the room with you.  I've been to other places where all the tubs are out in the open and there are community dryers.  So this was a nice change.We had an issue with the power for the dryer outlet going out while we were using it, but the staff were quick in resolving the issue.The staff are very helpful and come around often to make sure you're doing okay.  The other customers and dog owners were really friendly.  Services are also very reasonably priced with washes starting around $10.
1	The location is convenient but the selection of supplies and all is limited and what they do have is expensive So the first time I went they told me their treats were all natural and won't upset my sensitive puppies stomach, well of course it did. Then my dog acted funny a few daysThe second time my dog came home like an abused dog scared of everything and only wanted to cuddle after grooming. She kept scratching one area and she wouldn't eat or potty on any kind of usual schedule... It was kind of worrisomeSo needless to say I will be trying somewhere else. I wanted to like them but I didn't get the warm fuzzies of dog loving people from their customer service
5	I bring my shih tzu puppy here for grooming. They did a great job of executing the type of cut that I wanted and he was happy when we picked him up. The staff and groomers are always very nice and the grooming prices are reasonable. I have brought him here twice and will keep doing so. The little "dog bakery" is super cute and my dog loves the treats. The overall selection of merchandise is pretty small and pricey, but they do have some really cute stuff that you cannot get at the big box pet stores.
4	I take my cavaliers here to get groomed every few months. Convenient and usually easy to make an appt. Plus they have a nice little doggy bakery with lots of fun treats and a good selection of the "specialty" dog foods you can't find at Petsmart or Petco. Support Local!
1	I had been taking my two poodles here for grooming for a few years and was always happy with the service. Miriam would always groom at least one of them and was so good with my one dog who has arthritis in his hips and has sensitivity on his stomach area from being attacked and chewed up by a much larger dog.I will be honest and say that my dogs are not the easiest to groom.  The younger one likes to jump around the table and I guess Miriam said he does nip on occasion, which shocked me because I always tell people he wouldn't hurt a fly.  My other older poodle with the issues just needs to be picked up and handled properly and he is fine. With that being said, they have always been able to fully groom them and they have always left looking great. Miriam was always so happy to see them when they came in.Recently Miriam moved, so when my boys needed a grooming we just dropped them off with whoever was available. I dont know what happened but when my husband went to pick them up the groomer ( who was a young male, probably Miriams replacement) pretty much told off my husband saying that our dogs are "bad dogs" and that they dont do "bad dogs" there. He kept repeating over and over how our dogs are "bad dogs."  My one poodle with all of the problems didn't even get his head groomed.  He left there looking the way he did when we brought him in. In my opinion when you sign up to be a dog groomer you should be prepared to deal with difficult dogs.  I mean, what dog likes to be scrubbed down in a bath, shaved, paws and ears trimmed, nails clipped, etc?We were never told by Miriam or any other groomer who did them that they were "bad dogs." I was highly offended by his attitude and lack of professionalism.  I am pretty sure this guy must have been new because I had never seen a male groomer there before.  I'm not sure if maybe he was not handling them properly or just did not have the patience, but I would have appreciated him handling the situation better. I am very disappointed and  will not be returning to Bone Appetit because of this incident.
1	I never write comments but I had to after I saw my puppy. Cut was cute, but after a couple days, my puppy got an ear infection!!! He's about five months and this was his first time getting groomed. Mind you, I went to the vet two days before his cut and he was COMPLETELY fine. I will never go here ever again. I have NO idea what they did. The infection is horrible.
5	Fantastic local pet shop that has better prices then petsmart or petco.  Merrick is a few dollars cheaper as was the dog wash and leash I picked up.  Good selection of bully sticks and treats.  I started taking my dog to dog training here with Pam of Paw-s-ative dog training, and I would give her 10 stars!  She is the best- very good with our dog and helped us solve so many issues we were having with him.  Extremely reasonable and gives you personalized attention.  I am so happy to have this store in the area, they really care about animals and do work with local rescue groups.
1	I'm new to this area and have been to this store a few times. The times I was there the staff are Not friendly and somewhat rude. The item I bought was not priced correctly rang up higher at the cashier and advertised for a lower price.  I noticed It when I was already home and called them and got No apology just a Oh. Its a shame since they are down the street from me. Only will go there an a emergency last min. pick up.
5	Every time it go on there I am amazed at how helpful everyone is. Their selection of dog foods is amazing. Saves me so much time from having to make a trip to one of the bigger pet stores. They have some great baked treats too.
5	We've been taking our toy poodles here for over two years & every time they do such an amazing job on their cuts. Always clean & even and exactly how we request them. The entire staff is great with every dog. Weekends are really busy for grooming so we take our pups on the weekend bc it's a lot calmer for the older one. Only place in Vegas I take them for a cut.
5	Renee was awesome!  She was very knowledgeable and knew a lot about the food, diets, & dogs! I feel like I should have gone to her before my vet. Haha. But I would definitely recommend this place to everyone & their prices are good too. Not too $$$
