2	The Hot Dogs at this place are great. Everything is shipped in from Chicago, and the prices are very reasonable. I had a Chicago Dog with the 'Works', a Gyro and some curly fries. Very, very good. The reason this place only gets two stars is because of the service. It may have been the 'Bimbo' behind the counter with too much makeup and not enough brains to run the register, or it may have been the surly cooks with the prison tats who serve up the food. As I look back on it now I am sure it was the roaches that were scurrying around the floor as I waited for my food. You can try the drive-thru, but the help had no problem swearing up a storm as I waited with my wife and kids. Two visits are enough for me.
4	The first time I walked into this place I noticed the anthropomorphic hot dog wearing tennis shoes and maniacally squirting ketchup on himself.  I was already in love with the place.This is not food for skinny chicks who lament on how much of "x, yz, z" they ate and expect me, a voluptuous woman who loves food, to sympathize with them. Pffft!Their sandwiches are huge and juicy. Pastrami? To die for! The hot dogs are immense and will fill you up. And the gyros are, surprisingly, amazing. They are loaded with onions, however, so make sure you have an altoid before going back to work. Alas, their fries are so-so and I have to dock them a star for this. Besides the insane hot dog statue, the walls are covered with images from Chicago. Da Bears! Da Cubs! I found the service to be very friendly - but they do get slammed at lunch time. However, if you plan ahead, you can call in your order and take it back to work with you.
4	So glad to have Chicago dogs at within reach once again. Since moving from Ann Arbor to Detroit four years ago, I couldn't get a decent Chicago dog without driving back to Ann Arbor.If a red hot is done right, as it is here, the Viennas, buns, pickle spears, and relish have to come direct from Chicago. Once that's done, there's usually not much else to complain about, but the fries.The fries here reminded me of the wonderful, very salty, slightly soggy (in a good way) fries from Demon Dogs (RIP) under the old Fullerton el stop. Just enough skin left on them to make them great.
3	The Vegas Slider Pilgrimage continues.we now go low budget !  Many moons ago, i used to own a 4-plex near Chicago Hot Dog.  Back in those days, put the bullet proof gear on, go get the rent then i'd hit Chicago Hot Dog ( some days i'd do laundry next to Larry's Villa and hit larry's for a drink - what a DUMP ! ) any who - the cheeseburger sliders are 89 cents- these are about as close as you'll get to a white castle slider ( unless you hit the freezer section of your local supermarket ) bought 2 and decided to get a ChiDog.weeeeeellll - you get what you pay for !!  the meat ain't the highest quality - the bun was fresh/steamed but boy , do they cake on the catsup/mustard to kill the taste of the horsemeat ! the Dog - i still don't get the concept of a chicago dog - relish AND a pickle - why ?  and damn - the pickle is as big as the Damn hot dog - the tomato wedges are too !!  i t kinda reminds me of my pet peeve about Tommy's ( the chiliburger institution  ) - they put huge tomato slices on their burger - close in size to the meat - why ?after it's all said and done - i like this place !
2	CHD's are under new ownership. Things are not the same as before.It takes for ever to get your order taken and even longer to slap a dog in a bun and give it to you.  I ordered french fries and when I got to the car, there where none. After going in and telling them, they said I'd have to wait while they fry some  more. I did not feel like standing around and letting my dogs get cold while I wait for fries, so I just took a refund insead.The dogs where not hot, just luke warm. The poppy seed buns did not seem steamed and where dry and somewhat hard.Over all the food was just so-so, nothing like in the old days when Art Garceau owned the joint it always won Best of Las Vegas.Also, my bill came to almost $22.00 and they wanted to charge me a $1.00 fee to use my credit card, which is illegal to do, and I am going to contact M/C and VISA.
3	This place looks freaky from the outside, but their dogs are good.  I actually came here for the black cow!Although the service does take awhile, they do serve good dogs if you're willing to wait.  Also, unless I'm wrong, I haven't found another hot dog place that sells black cows(the drink).  Try the drink--it's good :) I mean, you could probably make it yourself, but I think that's their signature on the menu in my opinion.Quick stop, fair food, and great cows!
4	I just went to this place for the first time today.  I was told they now have a different owner, and from what I hear that is a very good thing!  I really enjoyed the chi-style dogs here.  Originally from Chicago I was very disappointed to find nothing but garbage places out here for dogs, but this place was very good.  All vienna beef with that awsome snap!  and the polish was excellent.  I don't know how it was before but I can say now, this place is very good and so far its the best I have found out here that reminds me of home.
4	Loved the chicago dog...  This place has been refurbed and looks decent.  I saw they had a pastrami sandwich and I am going to get that on the next visit.
4	There's something about Vegas -- everyone is so cheery and full of personality! And Chicago Hot Dog didn't disappoint. Oh, and the food was gnarly-good too! I ordered a Polish Dog, and this thing had *everything* on it. Relish, tomatoes, onions, mustard, little tangy peppers, and a poppy seed bun! Yeah, poppy seeds. On a hot dog bun. This really was a gourmet treat. My woman got herself a Coney: basically a glorified chili-dog. While not having much to say in the way of words, the rapid disappearance of said hot dog is testimony to it's deliciousness. The only downside? Small wieners! Well, smaller than we had hoped for.Next time: Italian Beef Sandwich.
2	Had the Coney dog- Vienna hotdog with no bean chili n onions.. The chili was good but not superb. Maxwell Street Polish Sausage- Vienna beef polish sausage grilled with spicy sport peppers, onions, & mustard - The sport  peppers were really spicy!!! This is suppose to be voted best hot dog in Vegas.. I beg to differ.
1	Don't attempt the long ride down Rancho to go to this place.  Tried three times, they are not open at dinner, not open on Sunday and when sign says OPEN in big neon letters you can make the U turn to get there and find it is CLOSED.  Web site listed does not go to the location info, it talks about Chicago weather.  How can you sell good fresh food when you are not open at peak business times?
4	Went here again recently and noticed that they had spruced up the place.It's always been a hole in the wall, and that's its charm to me.  The new decor just makes it a little more comfortable.  I've always enjoyed the food, usually getting the Jordan w/ fries and rings, and always go away with my occasional hot dog craving satisfied.  This last time seemed to be better than ever.
4	Have always passed this place on the weekends when we take a ride up to Exotic Pets and have always wanted to try  it out.  Finally got the opportunity on Monday this week.  Looks like a hole in the wall place on the outside, makes you want to question the quality of the food to be brutally honest, but what a nice surprise!  Themed Chicago place, seating for about 25 at the very most, plus some outdoor tables as well.  They offer Vienna Beef hot dogs, regular and jumbo sizes, polish sausage, Chicago beef sandwiches, and a couple other sandwiches.  We ordered the kraut dog which comes with sauerkraut seasoned w/ celery salt, yellow mustard, on a poppy seed bun.  I know the Chicago hot dog traditionally has the sport peppers and neon green relish, which they do have, and I believe they sell it there as well, but I grew up eating hot dogs charbroiled with ketchup, mustard, onions, and dill pickles. These crazy toppings never appealed to me....until now!    I LOVED the celery salt seasoning on the sauerkraut!!! Way to go Chicago!  It makes a huge difference, imo, to the overall flavor of the hot dog.  I'm used to a dog with horseradish mustard on it, but the celery salt compensated enough to satisfy my taste buds.  Their french fries are handcut, never frozen. They were cooked perfectly, and they do have ketchup for the fries, or Fry Sauce!! YUM!   My BF got the onion rings and those were cooked well too.  We also had the lime green soda, which was called green river or something like that. It was tasty as well, not sour/bitter lime flavor, very sweet flavor and it was great. We'll definitely be back as we're up in that area a lot.
4	Chicago Hot Dogs Inc. is located in a small building at 1078 North Rancho Drive. You can't miss it when driving up the road; with it's yellow roof and tall sign letting you know you have found the right place. When you walk inside it is not too much to look at. It has about a dozen tables seating from 2 to 6 people. The chairs and not padded but are not too uncomfortable. There is a lot of memorabilia on the walls that is fun to look at. I could have enjoyed the memorabilia for longer, but my food was brought out.The menu includes Chicago Dogs, Coney Dogs, Kraut Dogs, Chicken Tenders, French Fries, Onion Rings, and much more. I went for the Coney Dog and Fries. The french Fries were made on site with the skin still on. They weren't the best fries I have ever had, but they were crispy and tasted pretty good. The dogs are Vienna Beef dogs which are always tasty. The Coney Dog consists of a nice fluffy bun, Vienna Dog, Chili, Onions, and Yellow Mustard. Biting into the juicy dog and getting that nice snap tells me I am getting a quality dog. It had a marvelous taste and was cooked very well. The chili was a no bean chili and it was very thick and tasty. Sometimes restaurants make a mistake of making their chili so spicy that it covers up the taste of the dog. And others, so bland that you might just as well have not gotten any. This chili had the right amount of spice, which along with the other ingredients, complemented the taste of the dog. I can't wait to go back and have the Chicago Dog.When you go in, you go up to the counter and place your order. After you sit down, they do bring your food to your table. I found the time it took to get my food to me was quite fast and the person who brought my food to the table was very pleasant and had a nice smile. I felt treated well while I was there. I have heard people say that Chicago Hot Dogs Inc. has high prices. I found the prices to be very reasonable. I got a Coney Dog and Fries for under $7.00. (Prices subject to change) The order of fries was a decent size order and the Dog was a pretty big dog. I left satisfied and felt my wallet was not any lighter that it should be.
4	We found this to be pretty good, so much so that we ate here twice during our visit.  The atmosphere is nothing to brag about, but the food was good, and plentiful.  We will come here again our next visit.
4	Service here is really good.  The employees and owners are extremely helpful and friendly.  The food is a bit overpriced but very authentic as far as chicago dogs and fries are concerned. Though not a place I would go to often, it definitely hits the spot if you're iching for a Chicago dog.
1	I went here, the food was not good. The owner seemed very polite and friendly, and concerned over the economy. The placed appeared very clean and maintained inside.My polish dog was overlooked on the outside, and raw in the middle. I forced myself to eat it, and regretted it later.I did like the presentation, the while tray and napkins neatly displayed on the tray. The tootsie roll on the side was a nice touch.The cook was really scary looking. Three days later,  I accidentally stumbled upon his picture on Megan's List, he apparently lives somewhere near the AFB. I wasn't searching for this guy, but I am always paranoid and look at the app on my iPhone to be aware of my surrounding.  I can't believe I accidentally stumbled upon it. I really wish I hadn't gone there.
3	had some chili cheese fries . was a little nervous about this place but it wasnt bad was skeptical of the nacho cheese they top it with but it actually wasnt that bad it was rather tasty . my only complaint is they put what they call a "dash" of salt which tasted more like someone left a loose cap on the mortons !
3	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, especially since several of my friends hyped it up to be pretty decent. The outside building is misleading. It may look old and janky, but the interior decorations are very nice. The staff at the front was also very friendly but staff usually does not make or break whether I revisit a location or not. The chili is NOT made at the location. It's canned chili (that tasted identical to Hormel's Chili). The hot dog I received (The regular one)  was pretty lukewarm. The presentation looked great. The taste, however, was very underwhelming. You couldn't taste the actual beef. The texture was also very weird. I've never tried chicago-style hot dogs, so I wouldn't know but the hot dog itself tasted pretty cheap. Maybe the polish dogs would've tasted better but this tasted almost no better than Ballpark hot dogs. Wasn't a big fan of the rest of the ingredients, especially the relish either. The only notable flavor about the hot dog was the peppercini. The fries weren't great either. They were very greasy and soggy. I could stand greasy and/or soggy if it's flavored but it's pretty bland. I'll give this place another try but I wouldn't touch the hot dogs or fries again.
2	mehhh.....  Prices are too high and service is slow (20 minutes for a hot dog!).  Wouldn't cross the street back home to eat at this place.  But, if you are from Chi and need something to bring you back home this may do the trick (although it may be cheaper and faster to fly home!).
1	I went here today.  I ordered a hot dog and fries and was told they're out of fries.  Are you serious?  That's a first ever for me.  The hot dog was like $7.  That's an insane price for a hot dog but I was hungry so I paid.  I had to wait about fifteen minutes for the hot dog to come out and there was only one other customer in the restaurant.  When the hot dog finally arrived it was cold and they didn't provide any napkins.  I was thoroughly disappointed and will not go back again.  Now I'm starting to feel sick.
4	I drive by this place multiple times a week on the way home and have been meaning to check it out for a while now since I had heard it was pretty good. Don't let appearances turn you away. While the outside looks like a dirty shack, the inside is actually pretty nice, although small. The menu is pretty simple and the staff was really nice and patient when i was trying to decide what to get. I went with 2 Chicago dogs, fries and a drink, which was #3 on their specials list for $10.99...which is definitely higher than in Chicago...but this is Vegas so I guess that's not so bad. After ordering and paying, the cook began making my food and I was out the door in less than 10 min. The food was pretty good and the fries were natural cut, with the skin still on it, which I like. The dogs are pretty authentic and similar to what you'd get in Chicago, but seemed less filling...good thing I got 2. I would probably come back here, especially since I want to try some of their other items like gyros and Italian beef.
4	I walked in to a quiet, yet relatively clean little spot. No one was at the counter, and I heard two people talking in the back, but it didn't really bother me since I wanted to look at the menu. Eventually they noticed me, and I continued to order the polish dog and a side of onion rings. It would have totaled out to be a little over $13 but with the yelp promo I paid just over $8. The hot dog was pretty good, a nice crispy layer on the outside of the dog, and juicy when bit into. And their toppings are put on in bigger pieces instead of chopped up like you might normally see (is this what makes it Chicago style? I'm not sure), and the bun had black flakes on it, I'm not sure what it was... Pepper? I liked it. The onion rings were pretty awesome. Beer battered. No panko. The only downside is that having previously worked at a made-from-scratch burger place, I was disappointed to find out these were ordered from Chicago, and still over $5 for an order that I'd expect to pay at least a little less for. But I'm not a business woman so it's hard to judge what's reasonable.Overall: I'm not huge on hot dogs in general but found this meal to be pretty tasty... Worth a shot.
4	This is one of those places that when you pull in the parking lot you're thinking, hmmmm.  After we started eating our dogs, we said "glad we found this place".If I were basing my review on the service alone, it would be 5 stars!  Didn't get the fellas name that served us Saturday evening, but he said he's only worked there three weeks.  He's a keeper!!  Pleasant, efficient and just a really nice guy.We got two coneys, the kraut dog and chili cheese fries.  The only thing I would change would be to dice the onions smaller.  Kraut dog was delicious.  A tad bit on the pricey side, but from what I understand they fly stuff in from Chicago.  Definately stop by and try them out, you won't be disappointed.
5	Manager Daniel was great, so was gentleman at counter.   Chicago dog had amazing sweet relish with sport peppers, the kraut dog had just enough mustard.   We will be back!
5	First off I want people to understand the location is under new management so ratings done prior to September should not be taken into account. I dropped in for lunch and was served the best Italian beef and Sausage sandwich if ever had, and if you knew me that's saying a lot.I'm not going to disparage any of the owner's competitors, but it's a mom and pop type of place, although the owner is a young woman she sure can cook up the Chicago way. She deserves the business and because prior owners closed at 6pm and weren't open Sunday's many folks still aren't aware of the new hours. Want a quick meal to take home after work? They'll be open...I gave 5 stars because not only was the good absolutely delicious, the service was excellent and the staff very accommodating and friendly to talk to. During a slow period we chatted about business and all things food. They're great folks, the food well above par and the new hours should keep this age old establishment alive. Do yourselves a favor and check it out. There's even a few discounts available via yelp.
1	I been wanted to go to this place for the past three years, (I live in California.) I drove like four times in the past and was either closed or I was to full to eat, well finally today 12/10/13, i decided to make time and go for it, I was so excited the place was open and i was starving. The only person behind the counter was a bold headed white dude, from the first impression I got he was unfriendly, I didn't care i wanted my Chicago style hot dog, my wife could not decide so i order my. It was very good and decided to get another and a polish sausage for my wife. I asked the guy to make me another and he replied very rude come to the counter and ordered and pay before I make it. His voice was demanding and intimidating, at this time another couple just walked in and heard the conversation, I told him never mind that I no longer wanted anything. The couple also left and they told me outside in the parking lot, that this guy was so rude that they also no longer wish to eat there. I hope this guy is the owner, if he is not they better fired his ass, or he is gonna break this place just like that he lost out probably no less than 30 dollars, between my order and the couple that left. Did he think I was gonna take the food and run or is this how Nevada does business?   I own a huge house, drives brand new cars and had probably close to 900 dollars in my wallet at that time. I would never go to this place again, no matter how good the food is.  You can find this at Sonic, just as good and they smile
5	Just as good if not better than the last owners. This is the place if you want a great Chicago dog in Vegas. I have been going here since the 80's when I moved here.
4	This is one of those places that whenever I drive by and see it, that it reminds me to check it out sometime. Well, after about the 100th time I decided to finally drop by and take the plunge.Of course when you walk in you see on the walls are nothing but Chicago based teams and paraphernalia. I guess I should of expected that. Now if  I can only find a Seattle themed restaurant then I would be set. Go Seahawks! Shameless plug I know but I love my Hawks to death! Anyways, not to stray off the beaten path, after going over all the tantalizing choices on their pretty easy to read menus, I ended up getting the Chicago Beef Italian Sandwich. This was your basic roast beef served Italian style which includes sweet peppers and I opted for provolone cheese. You also have your choice of your sandwich as dry, wet or dipped. Now pay attention especially for you noobs because this is what determines just how much beef juice (au jus) your sandwich will incur. Dry is just that. No juice whatsoever. Wet, they put a little bit of it on your sandwich. Dipped, they literally dip the whole sandwich in beef juice! This last option is perfect for you meat lovers that just cant get enough of that juicy beef goodness. Just a little warning though, it can get very messy due to the sogginess factor so I would recommend you eating this right away at the restaurant and not at home because of the wait factor. You can try to eat it as is by picking it up or use a fork. Price came out to about 10 bucks and change. You do have the Trifecta option which is a basket of fries and a drink for 2 dollars more. Judging by what I saw when somebody ordered it, the fries looked golden delicious with the skin on them. I think that's how all fries should be served because that part of the potato is actually good for you.Service was decent. I ordered and got my food in a timely manner. The guys behind the counter were very friendly.The overall ambience of the place was very casual, with enough tables and chairs for about 15 people. I don't recall seeing a bathroom. But then again, I wasn't really looking for it so im not sure if they had one or not.Overall, I would come back to this place and try some of the other items as well. Since its a bit pricey though, this will not be an everyday occurrence type of thing so once in a while should be good.Yelp 2014 365 Challenge Review #1
2	Hey, I take part of the blame for this review......Lesson learned, when you walk in a restaurant that primarily serves hot dogs, order a hot dog.I just left Chicago Dogs after having one of their $8.00 burgers.  At the suggestion of the waiter/cashier I went with the burger, fries and drink special which cashed me out at ten dollars and change.  Add a $1.00 tip in the jar and the total was about $11.50.The timeliness of the service from order to eating was very good; however, quality may have been trumped for timeliness.  Once the burger was delivered I noticed the top of the bun was cool (which in this case may have been room temperature since I needed a jacket to dine here).  I then noticed the preformed "Angus" patty (which I can buy at Costco) between a store-bought bun.  At this point, let me explain to all burger peddlers my Burger Ratings Formula.  All burgers start with a "10" rating (10 being the best).  If a burger is served with a  store bought bun, -2 points.  If the meat is a preformed, previously frozen, store bought patty, -2 points.  Cold or cool bun, -2 points.Back to Chicago Dogs........Unfortunately, before I even bit into this burger it had a rating of 4.......but, I was willing to be oooooooed and awwwwwwwed by what was between the sterile beef patty and the bun.  Again, unfortunately I was not.  My mouth met with dill pickles, dill peppers, diced (what I think was) bell pepper, one slice of tomato, and one lonely ring of onion.  If these are the type of flavors that "blow your skirt up" on a hamburger then more power to ya........but it wasn't for me.  Put these same condiments with a fresh ground beef patty and a warm specialty bun, and I may sing a different tune.The fries appeared fresh cut and were quite good.  Unfortunately, when I grabbed for the ketchup for some dipping and mopping the greasy plastic red dispenser was empty. I glanced at the two tables next to me an noticed that the ketchup dispensers were also nearly empty.  This gave rise to the thought, "How long has the ketchup been in these bottles?"  I ate the fries dry.On my departure, the waiter/cashier asked me how the burger was.  I mentioned that the bun was cold.  He replied, "That's strange."  I wanted to offer more of my good information to help him and his business improve on this American staple but he never said anything else.  As I turned and began to walk out I said, "Thank you."   He said nothing. I guess i hurt his feelings with the cold bun comment.  He need  not worry, I won't be back.
2	While I will continue to eat at this establishment, I will only do so because it is the closet Chicago food place near my work, otherwise I would completely avoid this place due to its outrageous pricing. There are better tasting and cheaper options all over the valley.
1	I had a few bad experiences with this place and swore I'd never return but hearing it was under new management - I figured I'd give them another shot. First off I was a little jarred by the coughing attack the person making my food had while he was making my food but - it happens - so I let it go. Then I poured myself a coke & it was flat. So I dumped it & poured myself a cherry coke- also flat. Ok...so I ordered 2 Chicago dogs & 1 dipped beef. And since I didn't realize the hotdogs came with fries - I ordered fries (you'd think the worker might mention that I already get fries but nope!) So I wound up with 1 order of completely under-cooked fries & 1 order of over-cooked inedible fries (I had to throw both away) the beef was completely dry so I had to ask for it dipped AGAIN.. All this after spending over $25 plus tip.. The hot dog was ok at best but I will say the beef was pretty damn good - and I would know since I AM from Chicago & therefor am a professional beef eater lolol hope this review helps :)
1	Overpriced food, and definitely nothing special. I ordered a Chili Cheese Dog and firmly believe I could of got a better one on Freemont for a quarter of the price .
1	Would give a -star if possible. The woman that works here does not know how to read or treat first time customers with any respect. Did not get to try the over priced food. The door says open till 9 pm but tonight she was closing at 6:45pm. WTH
3	Good food, fries are awesome but everything is so pricey.
4	Definitely the best Reuben sandwich I've ever had. I literally didn't want to put it down. The addition of pickles to it made it for me. Sandwich is nice and meaty as well.
2	First time here and the guy at the register was unprofessional! (Daniel/Chef). And the food was decent. I think he was having a bad day -
1	As I walked into Chicago dog my first impression is this restaurant doesn't look too clean but I went up to the counter and I ordered  a Vienna dog and an order of french fries. The person behind the counter was not friendly at all I tried to have a conversation with him but he didn't wanna hear nothing of it if ..He took my order and said I could have a seat I think I was bothering him cause I was watching him. The hot dog was okay the French fries was fresh they werent frozen but they were not cooked thoroughly ..he took them out of the fryer to soon I didn't want to complain this guy didn't look like a nice guy I don't want to bother him and get into an argument.. I was charged $11.39 for one jumbo hotdog and an order of french fries the food cost on that couldn't be more than a dollar fifty talk about overpriced.. I don't mind paying a decent price  but everything has to be perfect and the food has to be really good... what r we talking about hotdogs n french fries come on $11.39 give me a break being that I was overcharged and the person serving me was rude and the restaurant was dirty they will never see me again
2	This place is without a doubt a great place to grab a true Chicago Style dog. The hot dogs are cooked well and the authentic manner of the dog shows. The big issue for me is the price of the dogs. I bought two hot dogs, one Chicago dog and one kraut dog. The bill was 15 bucks.. that's like 7.50 per hotdog! I bought the $5 for $10 deal off of yelp so the price wasn't so high but still I would never pay those prices for a hot dog. Other alternatives for a good Chicago dog are Hot Links on Craig and believe it or not the Chicago dogs from Sonic Drive Thru.
4	Pretty good food,I had the burger and the philly cheese.. horrible customer service those people have no manners.. These people should be no where around customers stay in the kitchen guys.Customer service has improved new employee
2	A perfect place for lunch. If you are a burger lover, you will love this place. Ordered their fine tasting Chicago burger, it was very good, I love it. Although its a little pricey but you would surely be satisfied by its taste.But the service here was very slow. Lazy staff, they cant deliver the right order and they always shout on each other. They don't have proper manners.
5	We stop every time we are in Vegas.... Love this place reminds me of home.... I lived on pizza puffs when I was in Chicago it's great to get a fix when I'm here.... They even sold me frozen ones to take back to Cali...  2 pizza puffs for $5 is a great deal
3	I love this place. Just traveled from mt charleston and they were closed at 6:30!!! Hope they're not out of business
