4	I came here yesterday after the madhouse which was the Grand Opening and things were much more manageable. Between P&A and now Marche Adonis, you absolutely cannot go wrong for all your grocery shopping needs now in the downtown core.Adonis' butcher counter, nuts counter, cheese counter and Middle Eastern desserts counter cannot be beat in terms of freshness and quality. With ready-to-go marinated bavette steaks, souvlaki sticks,  pre-mixed kofte meat, fresh yogurt, goat-milk cheeses, baklava, ready-made lachmajun (Middle Eastern pita pizzas), hummus, garlic sauce, red pepper puree spread, baba ghanouj, you would be hard-pressed to name an item and NOT find it here. Another item which I strongly recommend, you stock up on here are the super creamy, super delicious in-house desserts which you can pick up at the food counter near the entrance. Their creme brulee, creme caramel, custard, chocolate custard are fantastic and at $2.50 a pop are a steal, given the size you receive.Very clean,  wide aisles, and plenty of check-out lines means that moving around is very easy to do and you don't have insane line-ups either.Like the first poster, I also have to agree, prices here are a little higher than other places. I find if you buy all your fresh produce, fruits, veggies and bread at P&A and buy your meats and everything else here, you'll seriously be able to cook and prepare foods with the best of them without having to break your budget.
3	The location is excellent as downtown needed a real supermarket and price-wise it is good. There's lots of great middle-eastern items, prepared foods and a bistro, overall this location is clean, however shelves were not super stocked and it was extremely crowded. I probably would not go out of my way to shop here as most products do not excite me as there are not too many local and organic options, but an Adonis was much needed for the area.
1	Hummus and salads are poor and super-salty versions of the real thing to be found at Akhavan! The lines for prepared foods are long and slow; and worthwhile only for the great grilled chicken.Despite the name on the sign, this is, after all, a Metro store!
3	Just as a grocery store I must give it beyond 5 stars for the pastries and the choice of cheeses and pickled items! Nomnomnom! 5 stars for the service and for the layout. I love the electronic pricing labels on the shelves. They tell you not only if an item is on sale but exactly how much you're saving and they won't get knocked off the shelf. Very avant-garde. Only 4 stars for the fruit and veg (very fresh but a little limited in variety), There are a number of rare items on the shelves that I have yet to see anywhere else and the prices are very good on most of these. Where they fall short is in the fish department. The meats are generally good quality though but too much was the already sauced variety. As David E. mentioned the line ups for take-out are very very long and the quality is passable but I've had much better elsewhere. Still, it's nice to have this type of store downtown, right by the Atwater metro so I don't have schlep all the way out to Akhavan in NDG.
5	You can save money if you are in a downtown hotel by shopping at Adonis market. I bought cheeses, fruits, yogurt, and bread, enough for 4 days for $22.00.  Look for specials, and sales. 8 limes for 1 dollar! Thank you Adonis!
5	Specialty counters for nuts, cheeses, meats, cold cuts, desserts, freshly prepared meals.This please is amazing you can't compare with IGA, metro or P&A in the area its simply the best
4	Let's start by saying that I love this place.As a young girl who grew up in the Middle East, there have always been certain food items that I've missed dearly and always looked forward to when visiting family back home.Adonis has changed that for me. All the little Arabic cheeses and foods I love so much can be found here!Is it a little expensive? Yes. But, totally worth it - tons of cool specialty items, lots of yummy Arabic sweets to buy 'a la carte', ready made hot food (which I've found to be a hot or miss), and yumtastic hot finger foods.That being said, I wouldn't come here to buy my groceries.. I prefer Costco or IGA for the more general items.You might think I'm biased to like this place, but in reality I dislike most middle eastern places here because they've never been authentic enough.Yay for Adonis!
4	My visit was only for the front counter where they have the different food, etc that you order, basically the deli area. A lot of exotic selections and basic stuff like pizza too. It was crowded because Sundays are when the students get their food for the week from here. The prices for the deli were decent. Had the shish taouk for less than 5 bucks and it wasn't bad!
4	Adonis is a very welcome addition to the downtown area.   The selection here is excellent.  They have a good produce section which is well stocked with lots of fresh fruits and vegetables.  Their meat counter has a large selection of marinated meats in addition to the selection of regular meat.   They also sell a variety of olives, nuts, cheeses, etc.   There's even a deli counter where you can get lots of prepared items which is great for people who work nearby and need to buy their lunch.The one downside is that they are slightly more expensive than the nearby PA.  It doesn't make a significant difference if you're not on a budget.  If you are though you might want to consider just coming here for produce and meat and then heading to the PA for everything else.
4	What an amazing market with an array of both prepared and un-preapred middle eastern food.  It's a perfect go to market after watching a movie at the Cineplex.  The roasted chicken is quite decent.  Love their hummus, salads, cheeses and nuts.
4	They have a lot of  variety of exotic food that can be found. The ready to eat counter is very convenient. I especially their grilled chicken with garlic sauce, yummy. They are also open late until 10pm everyday.
4	This is the spot to go to when downtown and you're looking for anything Greek or Middle Eastern. They also have a number of other ethnic products, a huge selection of desserts, a nice little butcher's counter, and a take-out area as well. The fruits and veggies are pretty basic, but you can get pretty much anything you need here. I always find something new I want to try when I am here, and the occasional good deal on something. I feel like this would be a great place to pick up supplies for a summer picnic.
