5	I stopped by this tire store to check out having some other service items done, they had a sign out front offering some specials.  Guess it is now under new ownership, and the new owner, Kevin Hansen was really helpful and informative.  Sometimes being a woman and asking service questions gets some interesting responses.  I was very pleased with the way he answered and treated me.  I got a written estimate of the cost and will go back in a couple of weeks when I have the day off.
5	My step dad takes all of our families cars here, and now that I'm responsible for my own car I take mine here too. They are always straightforward and honest. Kevin is the guy upfront and always remembers me and makes conversation. Whenever I have to get something expensive done he always explains things to me in a way that even I can understand! And will even get out tools or actually show me the problem. I don't know much about cars so I always call my step dad to ask him what I should do. Kevin always ends up on the phone with him, discussing what would be best for me or making small talk. I feel comfortable and when talking to other realize how inexpensive they are. The services always seem pretty fast too. If you have any other questions or need a service done they don't offer like body work, Kevin can refer you to someone he trusts and knows would do a great job.  I would  highly recommend them to anyone in need of an auto shop.
2	I called them on phone and asked if I could get my brakes done.  I explained that the lugs were too tight and the key seemed partially stripped, perhaps because the Big O had rotated my tires last week and must have overtightened the lugs.  I also asked if they could replace the entire set of lug nuts too so that I would not have a problem going forward.  "not a problem, bring it down" was the response.  1.5 hours later I get a call explaining that I need to pick up the vehicle because the lugs are too tight and they are worried about sheering a stud.  Could have saved me quite a bit of time and hassle by explaining that it may be a problem they can't handle.  Kevin was polite enough, just not able to properly evaluate my job upfront.
5	Kevin is one of the most customer friendly people I've ever met ! Awesome quick service.
5	This place is Awesome. We just started coming here, but these guys is So Cool, we just gonna come here from now on. Our car is, man, IT feels good to have a car that runs great. Our car was in bad shape, we got lots of things to take care of, but just from the first visit, the car ran Great. They work with you and not pushy at all. Real down to earth folks. The work they do is Fantastic and it is affordable. Can't say enough about them. Kevin is excellent. He takes care.
5	It is great to finally find an honest customer service oriented business. Kevin who runs the store is great  remembers my name, is transparent in his dealings with me. They do quality work on my european car and im happy with service. They have never sold me anything i dont need. Willing to show me whats wrong with car before fixing. They have saved me $ when other shops have provided quotes  i am surprised they do more than a regular tire store. I am customer for life!
