4	i accidentally erased my first review before posting :(The Nail Experts is on South Rainbow in the same plaza as Lee Discount Liquors, La Petite Academy and other stores.The shop is clean.  They work fast (I was in and out in half an hour) and do a good job at a decent price ($12 for my manicure).  I was a bit disappointed that my favorite part of the manicure, the hand massage, was SO short... but it's ok.  I'd come back here...keep in mind, I have a 2 1/2 year old and sometimes half an hour to myself is all I can do.  If I had come here KNOWING how fast they would have me in and out, they may have received 5 stars.
5	I luv the women here their always smiling and fun to be around, My mother sister and I have been going to them for years and they take care of there regulars :) .. Always a Funtime
5	I love this place!! My mom and I have been faithful customers for about 3-4 years!! They treat us like family and their prices are better than any other nail salon :)
1	Um this place should be called nail EXPRESS not nail experts... Other reviewers mentioned that the staff is friendly which seems to be true, BUT that's not enough. Came in with my mother in law and we both sat down for a pedicure. I quickly noticed their chairs and I loved how they're new! We did have a nice conversation with the man and woman who did our nails...aside from that there wasn't much more. I mean the pedicure was literally 10 MINUTES long. I have never had a pedicure that short in my life. Also from past experiences the nail technician would help me put my slippers back on but the lady was NO WHERE to be seen! I am still in shock that we paid $22 for a 10 min pedicure.. Smh won't be back anytime soon  & you can out on that!
5	Best nail place!! I have been going to this place since high school and always get treated like family. The staff is friendly and great. I would never go anywhere else.
5	I was referred to this place by a friend who's been going for years. I loved my pedicure experience and will be returning!
