4	This restaurant definitely serves great food - better than Chez Cora.  However, it is very expensive.  The children's menu has huge portions, often $15-20 and the value is not as good as the adult menu.  I would still recommend this restaurant for excellent breakfast food, with good service.
4	Love the breakfast menu here. Never had that kind of breakfast since.
4	Go here for breakfast often.  Friendly quick service, can't go wrong.  But what's up with breakfast places serving weak coffee?  I'd pay extra for better coffee.
3	I've been here a couple times. It's probably one of the best breakfast places in an area not famous for good breakfast. I recommend it. You won't be blown away, but you'll be satisfied.
4	Congrats Dejeuner Inc! I live in the neighborhood and has seen several restaurant closed down because it wasn't attracting the right crowd for this sector. Now that you guys are here and always packed on week-end i guess this was the restaurant that ddo needed ! I went there several time. All i can say is that the staff are very professional and they really do offer exceptional service. Concerning the food , well i'm a simple guy i like 2 eggs and bacon + an extra toast. My girlfriend like chocolate pancake and she has tried several breakfast place but it seems that she really like this one! Also the round seasoned potatoes are delicious! Cheers,Eric Van Nguyen
4	Really enjoyed breakfast here today. I had the steak and eggs with extra bacon. The plate came piled with food and everything was delicious. The steak was slightly under cooked, but nothing worth complaining about. The eggs were small but were perfectly over easy. A word of caution about the fried potatoes: taste them before adding salty because the are pretty salty to begin with.This is a great restaurant for kids and there were several there. The restaurant has a natural din that dampens any screeching and there are 2 levels of seating. I noticed that most of the kids were seated on the lower level.The restaurant is well laid out and is also well lit with lots of windows and tons of natural light.
4	We always come here or breakfast with the family when I'm in town. The restaurant is very pretty, the service is friendly and when it's not too busy they are very quick to bring your food. Prices are very reasonable and servings are large. Food is yummy and even though we had a lot of notes to add to our orders (no butter in toast, hard boiled eggs boiled 12mins, etc) everything was as ordered and nothing needed to be sent back. I always recommend this place if you are looking for breakfast in this neighbourhood.
2	Just ok. Nice service. ..really overpriced. For 12$ there were exactly 3 tiny crumbs of bacon in my bacon cheese omelette.  Meh. The bacon on the side of the other plates were delish and well cooked as we're the potatoes.
1	Nothing special about this place, I've been to much better brunch places. Too noisy, less than average customer service, prices are above average specially that they don't offer anything special. the taste of food is similar or less to any regular brunch place
