5	First time here and I received excellent customer service.  T  has a great variety of nail designs, the place was clean and the ambiance is just right to sit back and unwind.
5	Meticulous, thorough job on the pedicure - and great massage!Seriously got what I think is the best brow was I've ever had (and I have gone to a lot of really nice places) for $10 - SCORE!Leo Orchid - I approve. :)
1	Really used to like this place. However the past two times I've visited my favorite friendly lady has been replaced by two creep men. The older one likes to rub my hands and arms while doing a manicure. (Not in a professional way). I just feel the quality of work has gone down. This tends to happen when nail salons get busy and start to feel greedy. It is an outdated place with runny nail polishes that are obviously thinned down. There has to be a better place in Tempe...
1	So having very little time and desperately in need of a pedicure I stopped in to Leo Orchid Nails.I am truly convinced that the two high marked reviews must have been planted or paid for... Or maybe the reviewers just have never had a quality pedi because my experience was something I would not wish on anyone.  I wish I would have followed my gut and walked out half way through the pedi.   I have to agree with Whitney the two men are just creepy!This place is cluttered and dirty... Disgustingly D-I-R-T-Y and the staff is extremely pushy and RUDE. How are you going to clean the tools in the dirty water that my feet have been soaking in and then put them back for the next person? Ewww! Gross!Let me tell you I came straight home and scrubbed my feet... still have the heebee geebees!There are way too many places where you can get a much better pedi for the same price.  I have learned my lesson and will drive the extra miles and make the time to go to Ken's Nails from here on out!As a side note - this is the same people that used to be in the shopping center on Baseline between Lakeshore & Rural (between Big Lots and Classic Pizza Kitchen). Now located in the Walgreen's shopping center on McClintock and Southern.  Had I realized that prior to sitting down I wouldn't have bothered... Last year I had gone to the old location once... Horrible pedi and I kid you not it lasted exactly 1 day... I wore closed toes shoes the next day to work and when I got home the polish had rubbed off of my toes... never had that happen before. I spoke to a friend who explained that it happens only when they use 1) cheap polish (I only pick OPI products) or 2) they thin the polish down too much.Either way... I know my money is better spent @ Ken's (Sorry I deviated Ken & Amy!)... sure hope the health dept shuts them down soon!
1	I went to Leo Orchid nail salon for two reasons. First of all, I've been looking for a new nail salon in my neighborhood and secondly I really needed coffee and it is located in the same plaza as the Xtreme Bean. When I entered the salon everyone seemed relatively friendly, and while there were clients in chairs the place was not busy by any means. I had stopped at Magen nails first (they've changed owners and the place was filthy) so I bee lined out of there in hopes of finding some place that had some semblance of sanitation.  Leo Orchid is decorated...interestingly. I'll give them an A for effort because most nail salons are so tragic and 90's looking. I was impressed by their rather "fancy" pedicure chairs, which are adorned with glass bowls and varnished wooden arm rests. The pedicure bowls have whirlpool action so it feels like constant hot water is constantly being circulated which is a really nice touch.  Their massage option on the fancy chairs is terrible, and didn't seem to work well. The chairs, despite having some great features are lacking cup holders which made things awkward and inconvenient. I picked a color and sat down, with the intent of relaxing and enjoying the ride. I was immediately robbed of any relaxation by the rather insistent woman preforming my pedicure. "You want this color?" she showed me some terrible bronze monstrosity (if you dig bronze, bully for you, but I'm just not that kind of girl) "No, I picked out OPI red." I was totally stunned by the fact that in a matter of ten seconds she'd been able to lose the color I'd placed on her tool cart. We found the color, and just as I picked up my phone in an attempt to thwart further contact she began badgering me about flowers and rhinestones. I tried to politely refuse her efforts at first. I'm not the flowers and rhinestones type, I like things very classic, very clean. Finally, after approximately two minutes of being pressed for a flower or rhinestone I told her i was sure she'd do a great job, but I think that they're tacky. She acted like I'd slapped her in the face, and continued mumbling about how she would do a great toe flower. Then she asked "What you do?" like maybe I had the stodgiest job in the world and that's the reason I wouldn't want a flower on my toes. I told her I was pre-law at ASU. "Ahhhhh" she said, like I'd summed up the universe for her. I went back to what I hoped was some semblance of silence, playing words with friends because there wasn't a magazine in sight. She struck up a conversation again. This time asking me if I did my own hair. I understand that culturally, somethings are lost in translation and that there are language barriers. I told her the name of my stylist, probably a little more shortly than I could have, and she finally took the hint. She then proceeded to give me the shortest and most painful foot massage ever. I was thankful when it was over, it was like she was pinching my legs instead of rubbing them. Finally, she broke out the hot stones, and my god were they hot. I don't know how she managed to pick them up. Maybe she was seeking revenge because I'd robbed her of her opportunity to prove me wrong about my decision to go flowerless. I looked down and my toes were almost done. My nails really could have used a manicure, so I looked at my toes and decided that maybe, just maybe she'd get it right with my manicure. Wrong. So very, very, wrong. I told her I'd like them shaped "sqoval" my natural nails are really healthy, and were quite long, and already filed, she just needed to even them out. I now have tiny pointy stubs for fingernails. After telling her that she had done my nails unevenly and incorrectly, in the most polite way I possibly could, a gentlemen co-worker got involved. He managed to mess up my nails even more, so there I'm trapped, one hand to the mean flower witch, one hand with the old man in the plaid shirt, feeling completely helpless and in desperate need of escape. I looked at them and said "we're not communicating very well, the manicure was a bad idea. I'd just like to leave now." Even though they were having a $17.99 special, I gave them $25, begged for a pair of paper flip-flops and waited what felt like an eternity for the man to put them on. The pedicure wasn't worth $17.99 and honestly, they probably didn't "deserve" a tip, but I believe in good karma and I just wanted to throw money at the problem and get out of there alive.  The two women clients in the shop kept on looking at me like "Are you okay?" "What's going on?" It was one of the most awkward transactions of my entire life. The moral of the story, is go ANYWHERE but here. I'd trust the mad doctor from the human centipede before I'd go back to Leo Orchid nails and spa. Seriously.  Mani/Pedis should be relaxing, indulgent, and decadent. This was stressful, painful, and distressing. Save your time, money, and patience. I cannot stress this enough, go ANYWHERE but here.
2	I needed a mani pedi, and a coupon had come to the house. So I thought on my way to the doctors I would stop in and get a mani pedi.There were 2 males working here.  The younger one said, Hello, what would you like to have done.  I said mani pedi. He said, pick a color.  Then the older guy had me sit in the chair for my pedicure.All in all not too bad, but I noticed none of the instruments were sterile. But the worst part was he took a hot hand towel out of the microwave looking thing and wiped my legs down. Ladies you know what I am saying.Then when he thought I was not looking he put it back in there for the next victim. I am not kidding that really happened.  They are supposed to go in to be laundered!I never let them use cutters on me and this is one of the big reasons why.Cutting corners like that makes my skin crawl.Honestly where is the Health Dept. on these places.Well no surprise , a few days later my toenail polish started to peel off.I could not wait to get all that stuff off me ASAP!I agree with Angela on those other reviews. Unless they have just recently gone down hill fast, I do not know how they have stayed in business this long.
1	Would not recommend.
1	My nail tech had horrible nails himself, very unclean. Played games on his phone intermittently and smoked his e cigarette! While working on calluses he was just brutal and kept bending my toes in ways that just hurt. Got bruises from my leg massage. His long greasy hair kept getting stuck in my toes during my bruising as well. Gross!!! He answered calls during my pedicure too. I asked for a basic French pedicure, he kept watching the tv show they were playing while painting. The massage chair was broken, looks like they are remodeling or have never cleaned the whole place. There is trash everywhere. Didn't let my nails dry before putting my shoes on.
1	I went here for the first time recently and won't be going back - my gel mani polish is already starting to come off after just a few days. I haven't done any activites that would warrant the wear this bad other than washing my hands like normal.the place is just two brothers as the workers - they are perfectly nice but I don't think it was a job well done. The hot stones for the pedi aren't even hot and he rubbed them on each leg for about 15 seconds. In addition the massage you're suppose to get with a pedi was about 30 seconds with no pressure - basically just like someone is touching your skin. and no hand massage with the mani.To make this place a definite no-no, when he pulled out the light thingy for the gel manicure, it was super dirty and all crusted with dirt or who knows what, on the inside. I felt so dirty and gross sticking my hand in there and just kept telling myself that I would sanitize my hands as soon as I got out of there. No telling what else was unsanitary that he used on me.I meant to go to the nail place at 3320, but this one is in the same corner complex and ended up here at 3360 by mistake so watch out - avoid this nail salon by cold stone unless you are just looking for a quick cheap mani/pedi that you don't mind chipping after a couple days and can handle the uncleanliness of the products that will be touching you.. definitely wasn't worth the money.
