4	Thanks to Groupon, I had a facial and massage here this past Saturday. The spa is in a converted old house. It is a great relaxing atmosphere. The staff are all really friendly and knowledgeable. This was the first facial I have had, it was pretty relaxing. The massage was really great. One of the best that I have ever had.The prices are reasonable, and if you book your next massage (not sure about any of the other services) right after your appointment, you will get 10 percent off, and 15 off the next time. I would defiantly recommend this spa.
4	The Groupon Gods were smiling upon me with this deal!  I got a massage, facial, and waxing last Saturday.  Making an appointment was super easy, and they'll e-mail you confirmation and a day-before reminder.  I hate talking on the phone, so this was a plus. It's located right across the street from Casbah in a converted old house.  The interior has a modern, zen-ish feel, and the staff were professional, accommodating and nice. I started with the Primal Relaxation massage, which was a fantastic Swedish massage.  The masseuse was skilled and friendly, and she worked her magic as I relaxed on their heated bed.  A white noise machine is used, and while it blocked out most of the S Highland Av noise, I could still hear the occasional motorcycle and siren. Next was facial and waxing.  The waxing was efficient and not painful.  The Seasonal Organic Facial was your typical facial: steam, cleansing, masque, extractions, moisturize.  My only complaint is that I still have some marks from a few of the extractions.A few tips: bring quarters for the parking meters & they allow you to tip on a credit card.
5	Like most reviewers on here I bought the Groupon.  I am always looking for deals to be frugal.  No matter what this will be the spa I come to for my massages from now on, Cara is amazing.  She is a good soul and not only gives a good physical massage but she eliminates bad energy too.  I have recommended this spa to multiple people and they have a referral discount too!  I like the fact that they use the Hungarian Organic  facial line called Eminence.  fabulous products, and they smell good enough to eat.  I LOVE this spa!
4	Like some of the other reviewers, I checked out Evolve Wellness Spa because of a Groupon. I go to the Waffle Shop more times than I should admit but never noticed this place before and am glad I did buy the Groupon. Groupon was for a facial and massage. Unlike other spas that I have been to, I was not directed to a women's locker room to change (i changed simply where I got my first treatment and put the contents into a bag) which I thought was unusual but the spa is in a house so I went with it. Gosh - I just wanted to eat my own face during the facial! The woman giving me the treatment used organic fruity product and I just remember the sweet smell of strawberries and blueberries. And then I got my first hot stone massage and that was heavenly. The staff was incredibly friendly and I have since been thinking of when I will go back next.
5	Excellent spa for a massage and facial. This area is not my fortay usually, but I got a certificate for Valentine's day from my husband this year and it turned out to be an amazing gift. I would never had thought about getting a facial, but it was so enjoyable and my skin was glowing for a week. The woman doing my facial was really friendly and she even explained everything she was doing the whole time. I apologize, as I forgot her name and can't refer you to her; I was like a happy drunk already after getting 60 minutes of massage. But her legacy is that her consultation changed my outlook on daily skincare for the better.This place is pricey, but it is worth it if you can spare the cash. The atmosphere is very relaxing and clean and the staff is very professional. I left after a massage and facial and felt like a new person. It was quite amazing. The products that they use for facials are high quality and largely organic. Parking can be tricky because of the location, so leave yourself some extra time to arrive. You'll also have to complete some paperwork too, so be aware of that as well. Treat yourself to some serious relaxation at Evolve whenever you can spare the time and cash.
3	I have been here three times in all- the first time was the massage -facial combo others have described and the other two were for massages. I had the same experience on the facial as Anonymous. There was about 15-20 minutes of actual work on my face and the other 25 minutes were drying time for the facepack when the lady left the room. I felt completely ripped off. I went back because the massage therapists are good. However 2 out of the three massages were barely 50-55 minutes. Next time, take note of the time when you undress and after. They seem to have a timer in the room that they do not use. Their specials are good.
4	I had a bad experience here and wrote a review about it. The owners contacted me right away and brought me back for a 2nd facial. This was awesome. Audra is amazing, I felt relaxed and my skin looked great. This changed my entire perspective on the place and I am considering joining the spa club. thanks for your superb customer service!
4	Robyn of Evolve displayed excellent customer service and looked into my complaints. I went back for another massage and Nora was fabulous. And yes, it was a good one hour and over. I also love their new tie-up with Yoga Hive and Nora also has some specials for when you go back. MY neck and shoulders are thanking you guys!
5	I highly recommend Evolve Wellness Spa. I have repeatedly seen Nora for massages. She is amazing! I always feel completely relaxed and rejuvenated after receiving a treatment from her. The spa atmosphere is awesome. The lobby area feels upscale but homey at the same time. The background music is soothing and enjoyable. Moreover, the staff are very professional and helpful. The spa also often give out great deals for a variety of treatments. I think I have yet to pay full price for a massage because I keep getting coupons from them. I have tried many other spas in the area, this one is by far the best.
5	I am from Northern Virginia and maybe I'm not used to people being nice or maybe the service at Evolve is phenomenal.. I'll go with the latter. Robin at the front desk was really nice and very helpful, she recommended a place to eat before hand and squeezed my boyfriend and I in for a couples massage/facial pretty last minute. My boyfriend said the massage was great and the facial was pretty awesome, it was a chocolate facial (valentines day) and it made me crave something sweet. Once the facial was completed I sat up and found two chocolate covered strawberries for us, talk about service.I plan on going back to this spa the next time we visit, for Penguins games of course!
5	I moved to Pittsburgh, from Southern, California, with no health care practitioner to go to, and was lucky to find, a Classical Acupuncturist, by the name of Andrew Macfarlane MS, L.Ac, at Evolve Wellness Spa.   There were both physical symptoms, and emotional symptoms from my relocation.  Aside, from helping me to overcome repeated bladder infections, Dr. MacFarlane, helped me with my weepiness, and anxiety about being in a new place.  In the winter, I was extremely ill with a horrible cough.   I made the investment of seven successive treatments for myself.  My cough went away, and I have a sense of clarity, and re-awakening that is gratefully welcomed this spring.  I truly have Doctor MacFarlane's wisdom and expertise to thank for that.  He is also a wonderful listener, and bright, cheery presence.  Energetically, his heart and mind seem to be in full participation to fathom, and execute his needles, with an affect that reaches more than just my physical sense of self.  I am very happy to have found an alternative medical practitioner who can approach me on more than just a physical level.  I have noticed that I am having a much easier time of sitting in meditation, and quieting my mind.Dana Twigg, Massage Therapist, Pittsburgh, PA
5	I got lucky finding this spa. Beth was very kind and just made you feel at ease. It is a very relaxing calming atmosphere. I had the most amazing massage!!! I recommend this over the other spas I have been too in the area. Beth makes you feel like you are a guest in her house as opposed to being number in line like other places. The prices are very reasonable and the service is fantastic. I plan on going back every chance I get and I am far from the spa kinda guy.
5	I love it here. And I go at least once a month since I purchased their monthly auto-pay package (comes with other great options to save). I've sampled a lot of the services and think they are all great. Since yelp seems to filter so many reviews with names, I'll leave those out, but you'll find all of the massage therapists to be wonderful. The acupuncturist is also great -- he does a comprehensive pulse check each time. So glad this place is here.
5	As a guy getting a wax, it's really hard to find a good place. But let's be serious those straggler hairs on your back are worse. This salon is extremely clean, and modern. The owner is extremely accomodating, and got me in for a same day appt. Level of friendliness was outrageous. That said it's not an in your face type of place, quite the opposite. Calm and serene. Not every dude wants to be seen going in to get a wax (I used to care) and you could just pop in here and out and no one would ever be the wiser. It's a touch pricier than my old place, but well worth the money and they do an awesome job. Thanks, I'll definitely be back!
5	This place is great. I've been following Becky for years and it's been a pleasure to get worked on in this space. The other staff are friendly, the prices are fair and it's extremely relaxing in the massage rooms. I try to go every time I'm in town.
5	Really fantastic little spa. Reasonable pricing, friendly people, great atmosphere. I was late and they were super accommodating.  The owner was there and very friendly. Got a 60 min deep tissue and it was great. Will definitely go again and may try some other services.
1	Oh god... If I never go here again, it will be too soon.  I got a deep tissue massage, but it felt like I was barely being touched.  I paid for a 60-minute massage, not a petting session.  I don't think that I at all resemble a cat -- if I did, the massage I got would've been appropriate and adequate, but I'm not, so I expect to get what I pay for, and was thoroughly displeased.
5	Evolve is amazing! I organized a spa day for a group of six, and the staff was extremely accommodating. Each of us had multiple services done and we all enjoyed them tremendously! My massage with Becky and facial with Audra were blissful.  The spa atmosphere was both welcoming and relaxing, and the prices were very reasonable. We can't wait to go back!
5	I am a spa regular in my hometown of Washington, DC, so I'm picky about the facility and therapists. Looking for a girls' weekend treat for my sister, I found Evolve on Yelp. The old house in which it's located is spacious and walcoming, in no small part to the staff. I worked with Becky and my sister worked with Helen, and we both had 90 minute Swedish massages. On par with the best I've had in DC and beyond. Helen and Becky were both technically great, as well as having a really good sense for 'reading' clients. Like silence during your session? No problem. Like talking during your session? No problem - they're both professional and very friendly. The manager, Robin, is delightful, and made the visit extra-special for us. She also took the time at the end of the day to share some of her favorite kale recipies with my sister. Highly, highly recommended.Note: a vegan mani-pedi is offered.EVOLVE MONTHLY CLUB PLAN: They offer a monthly 'club' plan where you pay $59/month auto-billed on your credit card, and in return you not only get your choice of a 60 minute massage OR facial OR mani-pedi, you get a standing 'club rate' of $59 for any ADDITIONAL services you buy during the month. That's amazing for 'frequent fliers' - and you get the traditional spa experience, instead of the more clinical "physical therapy" feeling that comes with massage chains. I've never seen a private spa that can compete with the chains with a club like this - please patronize this wonderful local business!
4	My wife and I have been getting regular massage here and absolutely love it.  Easy to schedule an appointment, great location across from Casbah, etc.  they have these massage chairs you sit in while you wait that are awesome.  Nice staff.  We'll keep coming!
2	Got a deep tissue massage, but it was very light, and I felt slimy from all the oil she used. She also did not massage my abdominals, which too many massage therapists skip.
5	One of the best massages I've had!  Becky was wonderful and extremely professional.  Will make this spa a "must do" whenever I visit Pittsburgh!
5	After a tumultuous 6 months, I had the absolute pleasure of finding this place on Yelp and getting a massage from Becky today. She gets five stars for being kind and calm and technically very talented and for taking care of me during a difficult time. I'd like to give another 5 stars to the woman at the desk (whose name I didn't get), she was also a welcome kind soul. When you are from out of town, you never know what you're getting at a spa you've never been to, and today I was a very lucky customer. Hook yourself up, and ask for Becky, she's awesome.
5	My boyfriend and I had 90 minute massages today With Mike and Becky. The massages were relaxing and the staff is friendly. We will go back for massages and to check out other services on the menu!
5	I have had 2 massages here and they were the BEST I've ever had. With my back problems it's hard to find massage therapist that actually has me leaving relieved. My mist recent massage was an aromatherapy and wow was it amazing. Left me feeling like a new person. Love this place.
5	I haven't had a massage since moving to the city and I had a wonderful experience at evolve. I will definitely consider getting the subscription package because it is a super deal. Even without it, prices were much more reasonable than other spas in the area.
5	Keri was the most amazing wonderful woman I've ever Met. She was so sweet and kind and I would drive an hour again to see her.
2	My friend and I both received mani/pedis at Evolve this morning. Our experience was less than pleasant. We were stationed up front by the entrance where several employees and clients were constantly in and out of the door making it difficult to relax. Although the staff was friendly, the two women doing our nails engaged in conversation about how much other clients tipped them. My friend and I found this to be very awkward and uncomfortable. Most importantly, my nails looked terrible. Not only were there not enough coats applied to my nails, the nail polish was all over my skin. I find it very annoying to drop $65 on a mani/pedi only to get home and have to redo my nails. Good thing I brought my own polish.
1	I went there for a custom facial. If the girl who did the facial was well trained, she hid it well. I guess the skin analysis they go on and on about on their very professional looking website consists on merely the question "do you have any skin conditions". She just started doing stuff, no info, no questions and she didn't keep me posted even after I initially asked what she was doing. Right after the cleansing, she did a really long "massage" which just didn't feel very good. When I asked her what she was putting on my face she said "oh just massage oil". It was weird to me, also because this took very long and when I go for a facial I want attention paid to my skin and not a 15 minute face/ arm rub right in the beginning, not even if it would be a very good one. I can go on and on about different little things that all amounted to the impression that the whole thing was rather amateur like- for 85 bucks (had appointment misbooked, kept forgetting to not touch/rub my one arm bc of injury). The girl was personally friendly though, I have to say that...
5	After my first (bad) experience (and yelp review), Robyn, (one of) the owners of Evolve Spa reached out to me by email, thanking me for the review and the information I provided. She told me that she talked to the esthetician about the experience and that they sent her to a one-on-one retraining in Philly. I thought it was nice of the owner to contact me and to take my bad experience seriously. She sincerely seemed very concerned and asked me to give the spa another chance. I was a little reluctant at first, but decided to go for it. Today, I had facial by Keri. Keri truly was as good as they make 'em. I have been getting facials here and there for over 10 years and this was definitely one of the best experiences I had. She was personally very pleasant but most of all, she really seemed to know (and convey) what she was doing. Did a skin analysis, talked a little bit about the products but without a sales pitch,... it was a very pleasant and relaxing experience. Afterwards, Robyn was there, asking me how it all went, again apologizing for the first experience and thanking me for coming in again. I left feeling happy, healthy and perdy :)
1	My wife's massage last year was fantastic and was the reason I bought it for her again while in town for the holidays. Only giving one stars this time because of their flexibility in showing up late. Not sure if the masseuse was certified for pregnant massages, but my wife didn't even have her back massaged (not because she didn't want it), was jerked around on the table, and she was unfocused throughout. Overall, the experience wasn't relaxing at all. I'll probably give Evolve another shot next year, but this experience was not worth the hassle of driving there, let alone the cost.
