5	Marisa has been doing my hair for years! She is an amazingly bright and professional person. She charges very fair prices and really loves to make the clients happy by being informative as to styling options and open-minded about possibilities. She is well-respected by the rest of her salon and her clients. She has done many different styles for my hair and I always get compliments. You go girl!:)
5	I have been going to Marissa for over a year.  Marissa does a fantastic job.  I have been going in for color and cut every 6-8 weeks.  I get comments all the time how awesome my hair looks.  She also cuts my 8 year old daughter's hair too.  My daughter feels like a princess getting the star treatment from her.  We have also had Marissa style our hair for our recent vow renewals and I just loved how my hair and my daughter's turned out.  She also has a great personality too - very likable!  I am so happy I found her and I trust her 100%!
5	Marissa has been taking care of me and my hair for years. I followed her when she left her previous position and am glad I did. I am always satisfied with the way she cuts and styles my hair and am never disappointed. I have a standing appointment every four weeks for cut and color and appreciate the fact that her schedule allows me to be booked way in advance. Marissa now cuts my husband's hair. On a personal note, she is a fantastic person and a wonderful friend.
5	Marissa has been doing my hair for several years.  She does a great job, and does wonders with my baby-fine multi-processed hair.
5	Marissa is amazing!  I drive from the SW to see her.  She is smart and always aware of what is going on in her industry.  I am a natural red-head and Marissa does a great job making my highlights look natural.  I have tried over-priced salons and stylists before I met Marissa.  I would not go back to them!
5	If you are looking for a stylist who not only cares about your hair and how it looks, but is also great at giving advice on hairstyles, suggests what may look best, and will not let you leave until YOU are happy, then you can stop your search here.  On top of that she is reasonably priced! I have been a client of Marissa's for 3 years- even following her from her previous employer-and I know I can count on her to make my unruly hair look fabulous. Give her a try, you won't be disappointed!!
5	I found Marissa several years ago and I fell in love with the way she cut/colored/styled my hair so much that I haven't let anyone else do anything to my hair.  She is absolutely amazing and I have both my daughter and mother going to see her as well. Truly AMAZING!!!!!
5	Marissa's attention to detail and the fact that she truly cares about how your hair looks after it's finished sets her apart from all the other stylists I've gone to. Throughout the appointment she fits and fusses over how it's going and she's never satisfied until the cut is absolutely perfect! Marissa is extremely personable and so easy to carry on a conversation with, it only ever feels like you've been there for 15 minutes before you're all done. It's safe to say she'll have my business for as long as she is doing hair! Go to her and you will not regret it!
5	Marissa is great at hair (color, cut, style). I've been a client of hers for several years and followed her from her previous salon.  She styled my daughter's hair for her wedding as well as her bridal party and it was so beautiful!  I recommend her to all my friends and family.
