5	It's been a priority to get my dog washed and cleaned.  But, something always happens and it never gets done.  So, what happens... it gets pushed aside till the next week.  Finally, I said no more.  It became a first priority for today as it was my day off.I took my dog to the dog park and just chilled for a good hour or so there.  After she got herself all dirty and more gross than she already is, a huge sign on the corner of Durango and Spring Mountain said "Doggy Wash".  When I got closer, I noticed another sign that said, "SELF SERVICE".  At first I thought, well I could do this at home and I have shampoo and a hair dryer.  But, after the debate within myself, I got out of the car with Sophie and went inside. There's a row of white tubs with a hoses for washing.  After setting Sophie in, and turning on the water pressure, it didn't take long for the water to turn from cold to warm.  They even have shampoo and conditioner.  Plus the towels are supplied.  After the wash and towel drying, I placed Sophie on the drying station - table with another hose that blows out air.  They supply the brushes and different scented sprays for fragrance.  The owner is super friendly and very accommodating.  It's convenient and quick too.  I think that this will really only work if you want to bond with your pet and do things with them.  But otherwise, if you're pressed for time, then this place isn't for you.  For all dog lovers, you'll like the experience.
5	This place is great!  After going through the frustration of TWICE visiting the only self-service dog wash on the East side of town, only to have it be closed and changing ownership (really? a self-serve dog wash has failed at least twice in the same shopping center and people keep buying the space thinking "surely MY dog wash will be a winner!" ??).... Anyway, I was elated that this place was simply OPEN.  The inside is very nice, with 3 or 4 large tubs with stairs or ramps to help your dog up.  (This is useless for me, as my dog will have no part in walking to her certain doom; but for dogs not scared of baths, this is nice.)As is typical, they provide shampoo, conditioner, aprons, towels, and nubbly washing gloves.  This may seem trivial, but the water (while not adjustable) was a perfect temperature -- not too hot but comfortable for both dog and washer.  The real bonus for me was the super blow drying stations.  Professional grooming-style that you could raise and lower with the push of a pedal.  Plus lots of grooming supplies (shedding tools, combs brushes, nail clippers, scissors, Q tips, and even little bows for the fancy dogs!)They charge by the weight of the dog, ranging from $12-16.  Totally worth it for the convenience and not having to clean dog hair out of my shower.  They also sell "pupsicles" if your dog deserves a treat and lots of other gear.The location is great for me after a hike at Red Rock Canyon when my dog is tried and extra dirty!  Will definitely be coming back.
4	We moved to the Summerlin area and were looking for a place to wash our dogs. We tried a couple of other places but so far Poochy Klean is the best. We can get our dogs washed for $10 (when you buy a discount card) and it comes with the use of shampoos, conditioners, nail clippers, ear and eye cleaners, various brushes and scissors, dryers, etc and the owners are very nice and helpful too.
5	There are two things that I hate the most. One is to wash my dog and the other is to wash my other dog. specially when I find myself having to clean the tub and wash the towels and mop the floor after the whole ordeal. One day while driving through the neighborhood I ran into poochy clean and decided to try it. Wow! What a difference this place makes. I get to bring my two dirty dogs to their place wash them and leave the cleaning to them. Not only that, they supply the towels, shampoo, brushes, dryers and other things needed for pet grooming. As if this couldn't get any better the people that works here are very nice and helpful. They'll answer any question that you have and even give you many dog washing tips.  And there's more! They also have full pet grooming services which I use when my dogs go from French poodles to Jamaican. Drop them in in the morning and they'll call you when they're ready. And I wish that was all they had since I'm running out of ink but there's more. Yep, they also sell dog food, toys, treats and other pet products. So next time you need to wash your dogs and cut your dog washing time in half, take them to poochy clean. The best dog trick you'll ever learn!
5	I popped into Poochy Klean with my 2 dogs before a long drive back to Los Angeles. We were in town for a pet retail convention and my dogs were pretty nasty from driving through the desert. There was no wait for a tub, we seemed to be the only ones in there besides for the groomer and receptionist. The receptionist was very helpful and even brought out a more powerful blow dryer for me to use on my Bearded Collies who have a ton of hair. The place was clean, the tools well organized, even though I brought all of my own stuff. My only gripe, and this is true of EVERY self dog wash, the blow dryers have no horsepower and if you have a dog with more than a moderate amount of hair, you could be there all frickin day trying to get them dry. But since she was more than willing to bring out the big gun, I won't dock any stars for that. The owners, I believe, are dog show people, as I saw some win pictures on the shelves so that is always a plus for me. I'll be back with my dogs next year!
5	I love this place so much! I took my maltese there two times now and he always come out with a fresh clean cut. The price is decent and your get your money worth. The owner really nice and really care about you and your dog as a customer! I highly recommend this groomer to any pet lover! Groomers are very nice as well!
4	Good People always friendly
5	I love the concept of not having to wash my basset hound in my bathtub at home because his hair ends getting all over the place and clogging my tub. I looked up places to go that let me self wash him and this one was closest. Im glad this was the first place I went to because it was great. The place is kept clean, the staff is really friendly and the owners are often there and are super helpful. You pay like 12 dollars and you get to use their tub, shampoos, towels and blow driers. Not a bad deal at all. Other plus is they have groomers on staff so if you want a quick nail clipping for your dog they can usually do it for a small charge.
1	Goodness. I am sooo sorry to give this place 1-star. I mean, if you're gonna come here to wash the dog yourself and just need the space and materials, OK. But do not come here to get your dog "professionally" groomed. I usually go to Best in Show, but since they were closed I gave this place a shot, and now my dog has the WORST hair cut.Luckily, she's still a cuite patootie.First of all, my dog is a pomeranian and poms do not need clippers involved. The woman meant well but she was clearly in over-her-head. You do not shave a pomeranian who is supposed to have long hair. They've got two layers and need to be hand cut. This is why I go to a pro. If i wanted to just give my dog a shave and call it a day, I would have. She wanted to show me what she was gonna do and SHAVED my dog's head right on the spot. She will say I OK'ed it, but I totally did not and she kept offering this easy shave method... URGH. My biggest regret is not sticking to my gut. Now my dog, that took nearly a year to grow out her cutie-patootie hair has to start from scratch. To make things worse, we expected a bad haircut and felt defeated, and when we went back in, it was THE WORST hairdo my dog has ever had. In all the west coast. The groomer is a sweet lady, but she does not know anything about dog upkeep, my dog's butthole wasn't even cleaned and shaved around as ALL OTHER places do. DO NOT COME HERE for professional service you will be disappointed.
1	a horrible place to take your dog.attendant not at all helpful.we have bad backs so this the worst place have to complain to attendant so she can bring ramp over to get dog into the tub.then shampoo and conditioner watered down.[3 days later both dogs smelled] what a waist of time and money!!then dryers have to pick your dogs up to and then down when finished hard on your backs and a real workout to clean and dry your dogs to last 2 or 3 days!! this was the worst place to go and will never go back.last place took dogs to they both smelled good for 3 weeks.
5	Absolutely love this place! My husband and I went for a hike through Red Rock Canyon with our dog, Captain. Afterward, our dog was more red than white (RED rock)...so needless to say, he needed a deep cleaning, but we had just given him a haircut a month prior, so we didn't need the full service. We looked up self-service dog washes on Yelp and found this gem. The prices are right on point (only $5 to add a nail trim) and the whole experience is great. They have big basin tubs that are lifted, so you don't have to bend over while you wash your pooch and they provide everything for you to bathe your pup. They have aprons to wear so that you don't get wet and they also have some extras available for your pooch as well. After you blow dry your fur-child, they have a wide variety of doggy colognes to choose from and all different types of brushes, depending on your dogs coat. We loved the experience and we'll definitely be back.
5	This is our FAVORITE self service doggie wash.  It is super clean, they have great products to wash, comb & trim your dog ( all included in the fees, no hidden extra charges).  The groomer is a doll,  she trimmed their nails for only $5 and the dogs loved her.  Poochy lean is one of the best.
5	A very CLEAN operation. Everything one needs to wash your dog - raised tubs - ramps for big dogs or for people who can't lift - shampoo - towels. Dryers are co-ordinated with hydro-lift to fit your height. We use this place regularly. Worth not having to bend over tub at home - no clean up just wash - dry walk away!!!
5	Favorite self wash place on Vegas. Staff is nice, place is clean and fresh looking, pretty simple for self wash.  The tubs a super cute and plenty large for big dogs.  My dog is 70lbs and has plenty of room. They provide the shampoo, conditioners, towels, brushes and driers. So much easier than cleaning the walls and ceiling of my bathroom after washing my dog!
5	I love this place. It's clean and the people there are always so nice. Totally worth the $ to not have to clean dog hair out of my bath tub at home!
5	Brought our English mastiff (200lb) we were fostering in right before they closed. The gentleman working was so helpful. I think his name was Ben. We will definitely be back!! Service is everything to us.
1	I went there due to high rating and positive reviews.Definitely I'm not coming back there as the dog groomer is not professional at all.she doesn't know how to treat and deal with dogs.I told her that my Yorkie is scared to get her nails trimmed as well as stay in cage where they put here(she was whining and crying;it broke my heart and I came back) she asked me to hold my puppy to help her get nails trimmed.she made my dog bleed,she  was crying so bad when I was holding her then I looked at the table and there was another dog in process to get groomed,the dog's cut looked very terrible as she said that she was almost done with that dog and also asked me to come back in 10-20 min.i left.NO, I ran away and never came back.she called me thou and apologized.But one thing - she is not professional groomer,advisor and can't deal with pets.its obvious.im not that kind of person who is writing bad things about services reasonless.If u want to wash ur dog and don't need any professional groomer services then its good place to do that BUT NO WAY I WOULD EVER LET MY DOG GET TOUCHED BY SUCH GROOMER.
4	I can't speak to the professional grooming service here. We come to use the big ol tubs, since our Corgi is the Anti-Drano.It is a great place to come for his monthly scheduled baths, as well as when we take him out to the dog park and he finds the only freaking puddle in all of las vegas, and rolls in it til his white bits are black, and I don't even want his muddy body anywhere near anything else I will have to clean. They have huge tubs with ramps up to them, a handy dog tether, towels, shampoo, and waterproof plastic apron, to cut down on the joyful Sud Shakes. It's a place you can plan for, and a place for emergency baths.It's very, very cheap; $10 a wash, the staff is friendly, and they are conveniently located across from Mud-Bowl central
1	This place is great if you are looking to wash your dog by yourself. They layout for self-wash is good. The reason I am giving this place 1 star is because of my horrible experience with the groomer named Michelle. I called to inquire about grooming and was told that it includes a wash, nail trim, ear cleaning and haircut. I made my appointment 2 weeks in advance.When it was time for my appointment, I dropped my dog off and the groomer was not friendly at all. She just told me to lock my dog up in their cage. She didn't even take a second to ask me anything or talk to me since she was busy working with another dog. I left and waited, it took her 6 hours to call me back to pick my dog up. I had my friend pick up my dog since I couldn't. She paid the grooming fee plus tip. Once I saw my dog, it came to my surprise that his hair wasn't cut, nails weren't trimmed, and his left ear was super red. I called the groomer to voice my concern and instead of making it right with me, she made an excuse saying and I quote "you should have clarified and said what you wanted done with your dog". I then said I didn't have a chance since she made it so hard to talk to her and I did mention what I wanted when I made the appointment (plus I shouldn't have to, I was informed that the grooming package included nail trim and hair cut so that's what I expected) and her response was, again I quote "I don't remember every appointment I book!" how unprofessional!! Maybe you should write it down or at least be friendly enough to talk to your customers!To make matters worse, my dog got an ear infection in his left ear which cost me $60.00 to treat. It was difficult trying to put the ear drops on my dog. After the 10 day treatment, the experience left my dog scared to be touched on his head and by his ears.If you don't want to go through hell, DO NOT go here for grooming! You'll waste your money, be misinformed, not get the service you want, give trauma to your dog and be treated unprofessionally.
3	I've been trying to find a good groomer on this side of town but I have yet to find one that I like. I brought my maltese in for a groom and asked for it short. Well.. it was short alright.. It was more like a razor shave.. I could see all the pinkness from his skin... and he just looked really skinny... to top it all off.. when i touched him... all his fur that was suppose to be cut off would stick to my hand. Not one of my favorite cuts.. but the staff was definitely nice. The owner was super friendly and said they'd get it right the second time.. but I'm not sure I want to go back and get a cut for $45 that I can do myself.
5	The new groomer is fantastic. It's the best my yorkie poo has ever looked. I would highly recommend Poochy Klean to all my friends.
5	I love coming here with Kaipo. I know they offer other services here but I only come for the dog self wash. Omg the tubs to do the self wash is so adorable. I totally recommend this place. The great thing is the dog park is across the street so get your dogs dirty then come self wash them for only $10.
4	My friend invited me to join her to wash our dogs together and catch up after not hanging out for a while.  I don't usually groom my dog myself, I take her to a groomer, but I decided to try it.  It was the weekend before Thanksgiving and it was really busy.  I had her nails trimmed/ground first and they did a great job. As short as possible without getting to the quick.  This is normally $11 ($8 if they just cut them), but since I was also doing the self-serve dog wash ($10 for under 20 lbs), they charged $8. They provide the shampoo, conditioner, brushes, towels, fragrance spray, and bows. They also have stairs for big dogs and giant hair drying hoses.  The owner, Ilene, was very friendly and Diane, the groomer who cut my dog's nails, was great. I will definitely go back next time I am in the mood to wash my dog myself.
5	First time I came here and I was really impressed. I looked on line for a self wash place for my pitbulls and I have to say that I'm really satisfied. My husband and I took about 30 min on each of my pitbulls. Love their shampoo and dog cologne. I will definitely be back to wash my dogs.
5	I love the self bathing section,but I do need to get my dogs groomed once in a while. Diana on of the groomers took care of both my dogs. My Maltese is kind of difficult to do since he likes to jump around and jerk away from the groomer. She had patience to deal with him and his haircut was very good. My other dog the Morkie hates her nails trimmed I warned her she might bite. Diana took it in stride and told me not to worry. She is very professional in her dealings with customers and upfront with you. She let me know what to expect in the service I was paying for and the time frame when they would be done.  I like that I had no hidden "surprise fee" after the fact. I will be back for the grooming package, but in between the grooms I can give them a bath myself to save money.
4	I have been bringing my dog Peanut here regularly for about two years now and I greatly suggest checking it out. I have never used the self-serve area as it is only $35 for them to groom my 20 pound pug mix and they do all the dirty work for me. The recently brought on a new groomer which did a nice job on my dog the last time. There was an issue this last time.... They kept her collar! I am sure it was a mistake because they put a bandana around her neck. Overall I am a happy customer and I plan on returning regularly.
