4	The best way to maximize your buck while maximizing your food in both variety and portions is to dine at the casino buffet.  Buffet La Bonne Carte is pretty darn "bon" with a good variety of eclectic dishes that can be served a la carte or self-served at the buffet line.  In my opinion, it's the best place in the casino to get a good heaping of everything without sacrificing quality for reasonable prices.For the budget conscious, coming here is practically a must.  The list of casino establishments are all too much at times - L'Entre Mise Deli is overpriced, simple food, Nuances is overpriced, gourmet food, and Via Fortuna doesn't do Italian any better than Olive Garden would in the states.  The Buffet's menu will change daily and the food is lavishly good during dinner and during my favorite time, brunch.A majority of the menu will be French and American inspired cuisine, and at a fixed price of $15.95 (lunch), $25.95 (dinner from Mon-Thurs) , $34.95 (dinner - Fri/Sat) and finally $19.95 (brunch).  My favorite time is brunch since the breakfast food is scrumptious with good presentation and generally available in all kinds of varieties.  Plus, if the party is here long enough, it'll transition into dinner time where the food is smashingly amazing.Plenty of locals will frequent this place and the lines will be past the elevators for the dinner showing on the weekends.  A gripe I would have is the customer service is nearly non-existent (since everything is self serve) and they serve no breakfast (opens at 11AM).That's what the casino gets for not having a hotel.  Either way, I'm so down with this place for Brunch and Saturday night dinner.  It's a great alternative to the small restaurants back in the city.
1	Horrible experience. From the floorplan to the food, bar and casino service everything about this place is WRONG. We started our evening in the resturant, La Bonne Carte - we weren't interested in the buffet - it was overpriced for the selection - still even the entrees we had - overcooked calamri, walleye fish that was boney/tasteless and mashed potatoes that came out of a box didn't even deserved to be served at a inner school school cafeteria. Anyone who recommends this place was obviously so drunk when they ate here in the same state they could eat rat poo and think it was pumpkin pie.  We then walked back through the casino - which is laid out like a cruise ship - a tight confined space, with floors stacked over 6 levels but couldn't find a seat at any tables or want  to. The atmosphere was equally crappy- no friendly gamers to be found anywhere, and I can understand why if this was my local gambling option.Calling it a crap hole does a disservice to other dives. Don't waste your time or your money.
4	The Buffet La Bonne Carte is on the fifth floor of the Casino de Montreal.  (To get there, take the city bus 167X from the Jean-Drapeau subway stop.  When you get there, take the elevator, the floor plan will make your head spin more than a ride at nearby amusement park La Ronde).Quality, yes.  Reasonable prices? If $25.95 is reasonable for a buffet.  Moderately priced for the quality delivered.  I must say they lost money on me.The menu is mostly French and American, even Quebecois "pudding chomeur" (OK, so it's an in-joke).  Lots of Asian tidbits when I was there (e.g., Dim Sum and lychee). Quite well done, and the frult was fine (one of the main problems with the budget-priced buffets).  I can't think of a single dish that disappointed.  I was so full, the dessert pastries were wasted on me. Or, rather I was wasted on an overdose of food.The (Canadian dollars) "prix fixe" is $15.95 (lunch), $25.95 (dinner MON-THU) , $34.95 (dinner FRI/SAT ) and $19.95 (brunch).  I paid $25.95 (dinner SUN).Service is grand and friendly.  Leave a tip, since Quebecers as a whole are supposedly poor tippers.
3	C'est quand meme juste pour le prix. Bonne crevettes et crabes.
