4	Convenient, reasonable prices, fairly cheap gas.I really only go for the fountain drinks.. any size for 0.79 cents so it's a steal!
5	This is where we get "Big Drinks" 44oz for 79cents and workers here are super friendly.
3	I love the selection here. The fountain drinks are cheap, they have great food and soda selection. The gas prices are reasonable, but fair warning: all circle k gas in town seems watered down and doesn't last long. The staff is where it is lacking. They have had a lot of problems keeping people. And it is hard to get a cashier that is friendly, fast, and helpful all at the same time. Don't get me wrong there are some people that work here that are amazing people and love doing their job. But there are some workers and even managers that I have had problems with in the past big time to the point that I don't bother going to their register anymore or even acknowledging them unless I absolutely have to.
4	This has become my regular spot when I'm working in the area 2-3 times a week for a .79 cent polar pop! The cups they use keep the drinks cold for a long time and you can't beat the price. When I am deciding what I want to eat when on my lunch break I usually stop here first to get a drink since wherever I am going probably has marked up soda. The ladies at the register are friendly and I like the rewards  program they have. I earn free polar pops and stuff from based on purchases I make. They have plenty of parking and gas pumps but I'd suggest staying away between 3:15 to about 3:40 pm because there is a school in the same parking lot that gets out and the parents are too lazy to just go up to the next entrance so they make a damn train of cars cutting through Circle K to pick up their kids. I will say the employees at Circle K do a good job keeping the amount of kids inside since they only allow 3 students ta a time but then you have 45 others lined up outside the door waiting a turn for one to get 8.... YES 8 different slushie options. The cups at this place literally line the walls near the soda area. Inside is clean.
