4	Fresh flowers, beautifully arranged and she changed out some flowers for me to boost the bouquet and price up a bit.  The pricing wasn't too terribly high though and it turned out beautifully!Thanks Fred's!
5	I needed a flower arrangement delivered in a hurry and it was important that it be nice.  I ordered a dozen premium red roses from Renee at Fred's Flowers and they arranged and delivered them in just a couple of hours.  There service was great, the flowers were beautiful and their prices were good.  I picked them because they were near the place I wanted the flowers delivered.  Next time I will pick them because they are great.  Thanks, Fred's Flowers (and especially, Renee).
5	My son and I were looking around for local flower shops and we happen upon Fred's Flowers we walked in and were greeted right away. Everyone was friendly and helpful, my son was waiting to get a boutonniere for his prom date, but a normal rose just wouldn't do. It was a fire and ice themed prom and he wanted something that represented fire/flames. He told the ladies of Fred's and they said, oh we can create you something that you will love! When I heard they can create something for him, I though oh great how much will that cost me, and guess what? it was only a few bucks more than the typical red rose. We ordered & paid for the creation, came back a few days later, picked it up and was very impressed, Fred's flowers did an amazing job for him! Fred's is the place for me!
5	I just did a wedding in Maricopa and used Fred's Flowers.  They were awesome!!!!  I am very picky and not only were they half the price of the other shops I looked at, they were much more knowledgeable about the  current flower trends than other shops.  My daughter wanted calla lilies surrounded by feathers and the bouquet was STUNNING!!!!!  The bridesmaids boquets were also great!  They were fresh and lasted about a week after the ceremony!  They also delivered to Maricopa for a nominal fee.  Everything was perfect!!!!!You are the best!!!!
5	My husband uses this florist whenever he sends me flowers!!!! FABULOUS. He sent me flowers last week on the 12th for our 32nd wedding anniversary ( thank you very much) and they are still GORGEOUS!!! Even the hydrangea is still completely lovely!!! The delivery gal (Allison) is absolutely delightful too. Love these people! Woohoo I say ---
5	Fred's did my wedding, and I was so happy with how everything turned out. Renee talked to me about what I wanted, and I wasn't sure what flowers were what, and she was very helpful with everything. I only gave her a few specifics (autumn colors and purples, green hydrangeas and red berries for texture) and the flowers I didn't want, and she went right at it. The price for my bouquet, plus five bridesmaid's bouquets, toss bouquet, two arbor pieces, and corsages and boutonnieres came out to be about average or lower from what I saw by getting estimates online. They turned out awesome, and the woman who brought the flowers stayed to make sure everyone's flowers were pinned and placed correctly. Renee also suggested that she bring some vases to have the bridesmaids place their flowers in, so that they could decorate the buffet and guestbook tables instead of getting separate pieces for those. A great idea, especially since that meant they didn't have to deal with the flowers after the ceremony.Pictures of my bouquet a couple days after the event, you can see the flowers held up really well. (sorry for cell phone quality): https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-Hj9syPxnX-A/Un_iUhUnQXI/AAAAAAAACJw/wHVsv6ABA-o/w496-h880-no/IMG_20131013_120157_859.jpg
5	Fantastic!!!Called Saturday for anniversary flowers for my wife who was in Tempe for a conference.  While I was in Michigan.  The gal on the phone was sweet as could be and extremely helpful. The flowers showed up at my wife's hotel on time and looking amazing.  The delivery person kept the delivery a secret and took them right to her room.Thank you for making it a great surprise for her and easy for me.Scott Heddle
5	My son decided last minute to attend his Senior Prom.  I searched Yelp and then called Fred's Flowers to see if they could help me.  Keep in mind I called mid-morning on Friday and the prom was the next day.  The person who answered the phone was friendly, knowledgeable and very helpful.  I apologized for even wanting to place an order so last minute.  She was very kind and assured me it was not a problem.  We discussed the order and they had it ready for pick up by 3pm!  The corsage was beautiful and the price was very reasonable.  If you are looking for a florist, then look no further.  I will bring my future business to Fred's Flowers!
5	Fred's Flowers did a corsage for my daughter and perfectly matched her dress! It was beautiful!   I also ordered a bouquet for her promotion and it was beautiful! I will always go to Fred's for my future flower purchases!
