1	This store is horrible and way over priced. I received a Christmas gift from there and it was way too big. The sales associate actually convinced my mom into buying the larger top. I wear a medium and am busty, but an extra large is offensive and looked awful on me. I wanted to exchange the top, but the owner would not let me. Avoid this store. Just go to Savers or Buffalo Exchane.
1	I use to love this place When I first started to go there last year. Now I agree with previous reviewer. Owner is very rude. I did 2 consignment clothing there. On this last trip getting final payment she was completely rude and insulting to me on the phone when I called about money do to me. Insulted me when I wanted to pick up my clothing and my final payment. She said I was one of the few who would come back worried about picking up their clothes and getting their final payment. Of course they are my clothes and my money!! I have purchased clothes ... taken friends and family and recommended them. The only reason I can think of why she would take offense at me picking up my clothes, is the contract said if you do not pick them up they become the property of fashion exchange. I have seen many tags outdated long pass the 90 day contract. This means When she sells the clothes left behind she makes 100% profit. Very unethical rude. I will not set foot in the store again nor would I ever recommend any friends family or neighbors to go there. There are many other nice places in town that treat you respectfully. I will be taking my business to ritzy rags down the street.
5	This is a wonderful store.  Store has a wide selection of clothes, purses and shoes.  Lady at the counter is extremely helpful and nice.  There are clothes that still have tags on them.  Be sure to check out this Gem in the Desert... The store carries all the designers.    You will be pleasantly surprised.  I walked out with a beautiful designer jacker that still had the original tag on it...The price was excellent...  Loved my purchase.
