3	The old owners of Madonna's, of Mexican food fame, have shifted cuisines and now opting for an attempt at Mediterranean.  Palmyra is located catty-corner from the old Madonna's location on Smithfield near fourth.  They are fairly close by Zorbas and the Pita Pit.The fast casual style restaurant includes things like Falafel, Kafta (ground beef patties with Parsley, onions, and spices), and chicken done a few different ways.There are pita sandwiches and a few types of side-salads.While the food was good, it could have really used some sauces to help bring the separate components of the food together.  The presentation is lacking as well --- everything felt like separate items on the plate instead of a cohesive dish.  Visit Istanbul Grille (before they close for good) for an example of a place that gets this right ----layers of rice, food, salads, sauces, and so on.The Palmyra Mixed Grill which allows you to sample two different meat entrees was good.  It needed more spice to kick it up a notch, and sauce as mentioned.  The rice was fine, and side salad was good.They opened yesterday, 9/30, and they were pretty busy around 12:30pm today.I'm giving a three, but there's definitely room for improvement to four here.  They need to polish things up a little bit.One other thing: THEY NEED TO LABEL THEIR DISHES in the food case so that they EDUCATE their customers.  Customers that are educated will feel invested in the concept.  They can impress their friends (and bring them there!!) with their newly learned food knowledge.  Customers who feel more comfortable ordering will come more often.
5	I have been to Israel numerous times and have eaten at the best middle eastern restaurants in NYC and this was the best falafel I have ever had! My sister got chicken shawarma which was excellent. The garlic sauce is amazing so make sure to ask for some on the side - good for fry dipping. Everything is fresh. So if you want some authentic, homemade middle eastern cuisine be sure to Check this place out.
4	Excellent new offering from the owners of Madonna's Mexican Food.They're in the spot by Subway and Pita Pit that was previously occupied by that one really shady pizza joint, serving up delicious falafel, shawarma, salads, and much more.The food is cheap and delicious, and Mr. Moussa and his staff are super friendly. Stop by for a good, inexpensive lunch.
3	Fast and friendly.  The owner was walking around giving out samples and making sure everything was good.  I did not explore to many items the Falafel and the lamb pitas were good.  A good lunch option.
5	Fast, fairly priced, consistently delicious. I have yet to be disappointed at Palmyra in the 10+ times I have been there. Their falafel is airy and nuanced, chicken shawarma is savory and well portioned and the kicker for me is the baba ghanoush - never too oily and always perfectly seasoned. The people are friendly and will readily exchange light and witty banter or assist a new customer in the finer points of the menu. Palmyra is the perfect casual Mediterranean/Middle Eastern dining experience you can't really match anywhere else in the city. Especially for the price.P.S. Very robust vegetarian options!
4	I tried Palmyra on a whim and I'm glad I did. I had a chicken shawarma pita with the garlic sauce, pickles, lettuce, and tomato. The chicken was very good and the garlic sauce was fantastic. My favorite part, though, was the pickles; they had just enough spice to make it interesting. Next time I will spend the extra $2 and get the entree, which includes a couple of sides. The friend I was with wanted to try a couple of entrees (half of each) and they happily accommodated him.This is not a sit-down restaurant, so you go through the line like you would at Subway or Chipotle.The food at Palmyra is fresh and tasty; it is also a very good value.
5	Was a huge fan of Madonnas and I still miss my Conquistador salads but finally got around to coming down to the new place. Love it!If its your first time Mario will walk you through what's what and the descriptions on the menu and labels make it easy if you're not familiar with the cousine. I admittedly wasn't, my only exposure to schwarma was the end of the Avengers movie. Have been three times now. Have gotten the kofta entree, the mix of two meats entree with shish kabobs and schwarma, and the schwarma entree by itself . It's all delicious. Schwarma is my favorite thus far and the garlic sauce is a must. Personally I go for the tabouli and roasted potatoes for sides. The baklava is perfect as well. Definitely give it a try, and its so much food for the money too.
5	Went to Palmyra's today for lunch.What a fantastic difference from when they first opened.  They added labels to their food, which is great because now I don't have to grunt and point to the random goodness that they serve!Today, I had the chicken shawarma that was carved off the spit just moment before we ordered.  It was juicy, delicious, and plentiful.  I also had the sleek (bulgar wheat with kale and onion) and tabbouli (parsley, tomato, onions) and both side dishes were excellent.The hummus was also good, but not great.Everyone was friendly and thankful that we visited.I'm thankful we visited too! It was a great lunch, and we'll have to work this into our regular rotation because it was fantastic!(Upgrading previous review from 3 to 5 stars!)
5	I've had a hankering for good Middle Eastern and my prayers have been answered.  Great food and great service with a smile!  A wonderful addition to my lunchtime rotation.
4	Good Stuff!  I was in Pittsburgh for 2 days on a business trip.   I actually visited Palmyra both days for lunch.   I love Middle Eastern Cuisine and this place definitely satisfied my craving.   The first day, I had the Chicken Shish Tawook pita sandwich and a side of tabouli and the second day I had the Shish Tawook entree which included 2 chicken skewers (with tasty yogurt/garlic sauce) and 2 sides, I chose hummus and tabouli.   I can't say enough great things about this food.   The chicken was tender and flavorful, the pita was soft and fresh, the hummus was just the right consistency and flavorful, as well.  The star of the show for me was the tabouli, prepared just the way that I like it, fresh with minimal onions, lots of chopped, ripe tomatoes, and just the right amount of lemon and olive oil.   Also the price was right, approx $8 each day for a delicious and satisfying lunch.   I will definitely return!
5	Delicious Syrian food. The falafel was great, but the fresh sides are the real attraction. This should be the most popular lunch spot downtown.
5	This is now the only downtown lunch spot for me now. The food is fast, delicious and tastes super fresh. The staff are all very friendly and legitimately seem gracious to have your business. The prices are really fair for how much you get, and it is always nice to have a good vegetarian friendly spot for a fast cheap lunch. Can't say enough. Go.
5	Great chicken shawarma and a really yummy falafel wrap. Nice place. You may find parking right outside. I will be back again soon.
5	My new favorite place to eat downtown!  The food is so fresh and tasty, and the people who work there are so nice.  The portions were generous and they let me create my own platter, because I didn't order straight off the menu.  Didn't get the chicken but will try it next time.  Grape leaves looked amazing.  The sleek and the beans were delicious, and so were the green beans.  The hummus was not my favorite type of hummus, I prefer more lemony - stronger favor, but it was still good.  Garlic sauce was great, too!
4	The owners are super friendly & informative. If you're unsure of the items on the menu, they would show & tell you exactly what is in each of the food options. Don't be scared to ask! Food is delicious! I would definitely recommend if you're looking for something different than the typical American food.
5	I work downtown, and this is my go-to lunch spot. The chicken shawarma a with garlic sauce is my favorite. The baba ghanoush is out of this world. The grape leaves and sleek are also noteworthy.Service is fast and friendly. The owner is always at the register with a big smile. If you ask nicely he'll give you a sample cup of anything you may want to taste.
5	Love this place! I am crazy about a good falafel and this place has them! The staff and owners are very friendly also. I am happy I was walking past one day and decided to give it a try. Best decision I made. :)
