5	this  place is great. I've never been ice skating before so coming here was new. A few tipsPlease go to their website to find public times. I normally go during the week when there are less people so, i can fall with out much humiliation!  The service there is great too. It's not much either, i believe about eight bucks with skate rental. I had trouble one day with my skates and they helped me out with a nicer pair. There is also a little concession stand as well. Also i found out they have clubs and social groups who skate. If i had the time.. I'd join. Also they have hockey teams here too~
4	I like this place. I went here the other day during open skate, which costs $9 for three hours, including skate rental. I brought my figure skates in to be sharpened, which came out to about $10, plus $7 for entry. I'm going to assume they give a discount if you bring your own skates, but I didn't see that outlined anywhere.The Ice Center has two rinks, which are separated by a room with benches, lockers and a concession stand. One of them was used for hockey practice while I was there (naturally, I couldn't resist watching) and the other was for open skate. One issue I had was during the three hours I was there, the ice was never resurfaced, which made for a difficult surface to skate on. The arena offers training equipment for new skaters (looks like a metal walker) that quickly turned into safety hazards when people misused or abandoned them. The employees did make some effort to move them as well as stop people from having snowball fights. Towards 9pm, most of the kids cleared out, which made it easier to skate. Overall, it was a good time. I would definitely return to free skate or see a hockey game.
4	Pure fun.  For all ages.  $8 for open skate incl. skate rental on Sat 1-3 which is a pretty busy time but get out there, exercise, people watch & enjoy yourself.  You can get a metal beginner's walker thing if you're leery of falling.
5	In fact, you'll probably see me here.The best time to go if your a beginner is during the public skates in the afternoon during the week. There tends to be less people so more room to practice. Saturday nights it turns into a teen spot so it's annoying but I go to practice maneuvering around them tweens and teens. There is food and it's cheap. The staff knows their products and a lot about hockey. My bf has done a few of the pick up games in the south rink. The guys who play are really cool, i haven't really met a hockey player i don't get along with.. You can watch them too to get an idea.The best thing is there are people here, that i've seen to help you learn to skate, you should know you do pay for it but it's not expensive. Or find me. :) It took me a few months but now i'm skating pretty well! See you there!
4	Oh man, there's an ice skating rink in Las Vegas.O_O!!! That was one of the biggest shock for me of this year. Who would of known that Las Vegas has an ice skating?? And the price is the same as  the ones in bay area! $9 total for adults including skates. So I decided to head down there with my friend since I haven't ice skated in forever! My mind was psyched the whole time because I thought I'll never be able to skate again when I moved here. However, once I went through the doors of the center, and saw this huge familiar ice rink...I felt immediately at home. The rink was huge and spacious, with friendly kids, teens, and adults all skating round and round in circles. Music was EH. Who plays death metal and rap in an ice rink? That was a bit bizarre, though overall it was okay. Having fun with my girl friend made all that just fine. She was having a bit trouble but I manage to stay on my toes. lolOne thing they need to do before opening to the public is smooth the ice. When I got on the rink, there was so much skate marks on the ground that made it sort of difficult to maneuver for a mediocre skater like me. Overall everyone who comes here will have an enjoyable time and it's probably one of the best $9 you'll ever spent on to past free time during the weekends. TIP: Make sure to call the ice center for hours just in case they change it due to seasonal months.
5	Two sheets of ice.  Open, airy and it doesn't stink too bad like hockey LOL.We stopped in because my son outgrew his hockey skates, and we figured we would check while we were there.  The pro shop in Fresno didn't have any his size last time we went in, they were waiting on an order.  The guy Rick spent a good 45 minutes with us, and really took the time to fit my son properly.  This is a big deal because most hockey skaters tend to be 'meaty' or 'husky' and my son has about 4% body fat LOL.  So fitting him isn't always easy.They had some skabtes in the $300 range, but for an 8 year old? I don't think so.  We settled on a pair of Eastons, which Rick baked for 5 minutes, then they put them on his feet to form them and sharpened them and he was on the ice and all smiles. The Eastons came to $120, and by the time we were finished fit him like a glove.   On a side note we heard one of the guys talking smack about the Fresno Monsters and I called him out.  We all had a laugh and he knows Eric Ballard (Coach, Fresno Monsters) so it was all good.Rick told us he just got home from officiating pro hockey in Germany for 5 years, this guy knows his stuff.  What a treasure to have on staff.
5	What says ice skating more than palm trees and sunny, warm skies?  I went to the ice rink today and skated for the first time in about 40 years.  What a great time I had!  I went for their Coffee Club skating which is held Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at a cost of $7 which includes skate rental.  The Zamboni had just resurfaced the ice from the morning session, and it was as smooth as can be!  Wow, I never skated on ice this smooth.  Pond ice was all I ever skated on before.There are two rinks in the building, a north and south rink.  The Coffee Club skating is on the South rink.  There were only 10-12 people skating while I was there, so it was quite pleasant.  In addition, school went back into session today, so the open skating during the mid-morning and early afternoon will be adult friendly.
4	Well its an ice rink but, after playing hockey allover the Northwest and western Canada. This was a very good surprise. Clean, great ice, good rubber on the benches, and faucet on the bench which I have never seen.Plus there is a bar at the rink so, I am excited to start playing hockey here.The stick and puck prices were pretty extreme at $20 though but, I guess drop in hockey is only $7. So. I will probably never do stick and puck ever again.
4	$8 for over 2 hours of skating? i'm in!!!my bf and i went on a thursday afternoon during their 3pm public skate session. we got there a little early and we checked out the pro shop. lots of interesting hockey stuff. we paid for our rentals at the pro shop, and went around the corner to grab our skates. not bad for rentals, i must say.the rink was awesome! there was only one other person there, but more around 4pm a bunch of other kids were there (total flashback to those days when we'd go ice skating over the break, and just goof off). now it makes me feel like we were "those kids", but then again no one else was on the rink when we were in that mode.definitely awesome place though, and much closer than going to fiesta casino. oh yeah - cutest little kids there trying to ice skate. so adorable! reminds me of when i use to be that fearless, and be able to skate, fall, and get right back up again.
3	it smells like feet in here....but for this ice center serves its purpose for ice skating.the only dislike is that public skating hours vary...so it's not a set time for play.the crowd is pretty young...middle/high school age Had a groupon, so the pricing was great :) $7 for 2 admissions w/ skate rental included. can't beat that :)
4	I've never ice skated before, who knew my first time would be in the desert?Since the only other skating rink I've been on was on a cruise ship, I'm no rink expert. But this place was alright. The 2 times I've been here were during the week, once in the afternoon and once in the evening and there was always plenty of room to skate whether your a beginner or a pro. The music they play is fun and makes you want to skate faster.The cost of admission and skate rental is great, under 10$ a person.
4	We went here for a friend's birthday party.  I actually didn't know this place existed.  We showed up and since it was 85 degrees outside we forgot to bring a jacket for my daughter.  My daughter is almost 3 so I wasn't sure how she was going to like ice skating, or if she would be able to do it.  The cool thing was that they had these sled handrail thing that the kids were using.  My wife took her out in ice for a lap.  I think she was just too little for ice skating.  So we will have to come again when she is a little older.  The party was great and the hosts had pizza served from the snack bar.  The pizza was really good.  We had a blast here and can't wait to come again.  Oh and P.S.  don't forget to bring a jacket because it has to be kind of cold, you know for the ice!  Cheers!
4	Great place to visit in the summer, lol.  From house league to public skate, a great rink for the entire family.
4	Went here for the first time for Stick and Puck at 8:30am on a Monday. Entry was 10 dollars, and I think at the busiest it got was about 9 people on the ice. Everyone was very nice and cordial with each other. No egos, just cool people. I have no playing experience and guys were giving me advice and being very supportive. About halfway through a guy showed up with his son who was about 5 and all the guys were aware of where he was to make sure he didn't get hurt and he looked like he was having a blast. Employees were very nice and helpful with the questions I had as well. Will continue to skate here.Only reason it wasn't 5 stars was because some of the guys said sometimes guys will show up and turn it into a pick up and egos get involved and it gets a little rough. I haven't experienced it but these guys hang out here a lot and play leagues during the week so I'll take their word.
4	My gf bought a groupon deal. We got here at like 2:30pm. We had no idea that the general session ends at 3pm.The gentleman up front informed us of this and just gave us the free session for the next 30 minutes!! He didn't have to do this, but that's awesome.The place was a typical ice rink. Seems like the place to go to in vegas. It wasn't too crowded and they had a bunch of concessions -- coffee/tea/ chips, etc, right outside of it.Big parking lot outside of it with tons of space.The entrance to the rink is towards the middle of the parking lot, not up front.I would come back here.
3	Tis the season for ice skating, right?  With there being a lack of frozen bodies of water in the Vegas Valley, Las Vegas Ice Center offers an indoor alternative.  Public skating admission and skate rental is around $10 (cheaper if you bring your own skates) and seems to take place a couple times each day.  The facility is a good size, with an ice rink on either side of the building.  There is a pro shop, snack bar, and from reading other reviews Brooksy's Bar & Grill next door is connected with a viewing window.  During my visit one rink was for public skating, while there was a hockey game going on in the other rink.  The ice itself started out nice, but during the course of two hour session the zamboni was never brought out, making for a rough second half.  I'm not sure how the pricing here compares to other facilities, but it provides everything I would expect in an ice center.  What more can you ask for?
5	I've been here multiple times and enjoy it each time. I went during the Christmas season for their Christmas themed skating night. Fun place to take some pictures and have fun with friends. I suggest getting there when each session opens so you can get the right size and nicer shoes to use. I will definitely be coming back here.
3	Crowded on their open skates but alot o fun.Price is good. Staff is alot of young teenagers.It is something fun to do with the family.
3	This place has a perpetual Groupon that the owner was willing to extend for us beyond the expiration date. She even warned us that it's not going to be fun for little ones on Fri and Sat nights because that's when it's a teenage crowd. She seemed concerned about their safety as well. She told us to come between 1-3pm on a Sat. I really appreciated her honesty. If this review wasn't from taking my kids point of view, I'm sure it'd be at least 4 stars.It was still quite crowded, but my daughter, her friend, and I were able to skate quite freely without bumping into people. The Groupon came with 4 free fountain drinks. They had plenty of walkers for the little ones and the quality of the skates were better than what I normally see for rentals (esp. giving me hockey skates and not figure skates).The rink at the Santa Fe Station was way less crowded and better suited for little ones. But I'm sure if I was a teenager without a drivers license, I'd hang out here, too.
4	Play in a hockey tournament here every year or so for the past 10 years and the facility is always clean, snack bar always staffed and the people working the pro shop are friendly and helpful. Makes for coming in from out of town to play much easier.
3	Soooo my son got my to buy a Groupon, and today was the expiry date so we went!The teenage worker dudes are sooo sweet and helpful! Plus they were cute! Bhaha! Soooo we walk in like 1 minute after public skate started and it was already hella busy! I showed the dudebro my groupon and he still charged 2$... idk why though. We proceeded to get our skates and sit down to put them on, it was really crowded so we found 2 empty seat NEAR a bday party set up, but not ON it. This bromosexual dude comes out with his waxed brows and feminine voice and tells us we need to move since its a bday party seat.... all 10 of us look dumbfounded and move. The seating area inside is small and crowded, but you can actually go out near the south rink and put your skates on. If you want to rent a locker you can at .75 cents.They have little rink helper things for the little kids, but you MUST get there right away and get one otherwise youll get a janky metal one. The thing that sucks is that youll see grown teens using the good plastic ones.... when theyre obviously made for small children. SO GET THERE EARLY. The ice isnt even at all so youll skate over lumps and closer to the wall, where everyone who is afraid of falling on their ass (ME) skates the ice isnt full spread out. Another crummy thing is you have the young skanks aka Kristi Yamaguchi wanna-bes skate around and dont watch where they go... BOOOO.For 10$ per person its not really a good deal, its only 2 hours long and you def have to check the schedule to make sure you go at the appropriate times. They also have a large snack bar and make an amazing chai tea latte!
1	My family and I went and it was a first time on ice skates for all of us. There were way to many people there for the open skate time. No where for beginners to feel safe. Nothing secure to really hold on to. I tried to make it 20 feet along the wall and gave up. The rest of my family made it once around and hated it because there was nothing much to hold on to. We left very disappointed. More open skate time would be better for everyone
4	Gosh, I can't believe I haven't written a review of this place. I've been here off on for my husbands annual hockey tournaments for the past 13 years. We used to come here with his teammates in San Jose many years ago so we have lots of history with this place. Good times and good memories for sure.The hockey tournament they put on from a spectators stand point is done really well and seems very organized.  There aren't a ton of families in the stands because let's face it, men use this hockey weekend in Vegas as a boys weekend and the families are usually left at home. Fortunately for us hockey wives, it wasn't this case this year because with the exception of a few, we all came. The rink itself is well maintained. The stands are pretty clean and comfy but wish they would put heaters up above to keep fans warm. Most rinks are doing this now. There is a snack bar in the center of the building joining the two rinks that serves the usual junk food but with the bar across the way, I think these snacks are tailored to the kids that come for the ice skating. One of the games we had on Friday night we walked out from the ice rink and this placed was storming with lots of young, loud teenagers...so beware.
4	Played a couple tournament games here recently. Not too bad. The locker rooms are plenty big, clean, and have crazy murals on the walls. Two sheets of great ice... one of them being extra large (I can only guess maybe it is international size or Disney-on-ice size) and took a little getting used to.... Boards at the bench are super low and you can almost hurdle over them which I'm sure is nice for the old guys. My only gripe is the bathrooms in the locker rooms have concrete floors with sparse rubber mats, making it tricky to use them once skates are on. Pro shop is huge and fully stocked with tons of gear. $10 skate sharpening seemed a little steep though. Connected to the rinkthere is a decent sports bar overlooking the "normal sized" sheet of ice. It features pretty good food, reasonably priced booze and ridiculously good looking female staff.
3	Where can you find snow in Las Vegas year round? In the parking lot of the ice center. The zambonis dump their ice in the parking lot in a couple huge piles making for a great place for kids to play and get into snow ball fights.As for the ice center itself, it's older and beat up, but still fun. There are two rinks, one where the Wranglers practice and one that is open to the public. We've been here twice -- both times for a kid's birthday party. For parties, you can rent out a private room and order food and beverages provided, I believe, from Brooksy's next door. During both parties they also had an "open skate" period which made the rink way too crowded, especially for little kids. All the kids still had a great time, but not sure if the parents enjoyed it as much.  It also gets pricey if you're going to have a kid's party.
4	If you want to skate in this town, you pretty much have two options; The SoBe Ice Arena located at the Fiesta or The Las Vegas Ice Center. As I have mentioned in my SoBe Arena review, the quality of the ice is indeed better over there. However, the Las Vegas Ice center does bolster two separate ice rinks. The only problem with this is their South Rink is god awful compared to their North Rink, speaking from a hockey standpoint. The ice has divots in it even after the zamboni has gone over it, the boards have a nasty habit of kicking the puck out to center ice if the puck is being wrapped around, the boards also move outwards in certain areas in which the puck could get stuck along with players skates and sticks. I believe some of the problems are due to the fact that the South Rink was built upon sand whereas the North Rink was built on concrete.My ice analysis aside, the LVIC is a great place to play hockey, figure skate, catch a public skate, or go curling! The hockey leagues are run quite well here and are a lot of fun to be involved in. The staff is very professional and offers great customer service. The pro shop located within the ice center is well stocked and much larger than the SoBe Ice Arena one, and offers a much better selection.After playing ice hockey here for multiple nights a week over 4 years the Las Vegas Ice Center is truly my home away from home.
3	Some of the Tuesday night refs need to check their messages, cause I think they missed some calls...
5	nice place with 2 rinks and they host a great skating competition.
1	Terrible wait staff.  Waited 30 min and they burnt my pizza while the waitress had lunch next to us with her under age son running arond the place.  Great pizza if you can get it with the poor staff.  Have only had one young blonde girl as a waitress that cared about good service in the past.  The rest need a lot of training..
4	WARNING: this review contains violence and adult content. Hide yo kids!To skate or to skeet? That is the question. I've never tried ice skating before but I know how to rollerblade but alas, I was told they're not the same. I had visions of kids lapping me and pushing me since I'm a noob, my skull busting open and blood freezing over ice and my fingers getting sliced off by ice skates. How do I move? How do I stop? Flashbacks of a near death experience when I swam to the middle of a pool and sinking under water.It was a busy Saturday afternoon at the rink. I only spent $5 for ice skating + hot cocoa thanks to a friend who had Groupon. All the walkers were taken. The side rail was my only hope. Good thing I was with good company who know how to skate and were teaching me the basics. I told them to go ahead and enjoy skating and that I'll be fine. I'm sure there's a lot of photos and videos of me somewhere. Oh no! It was a fun time though. Some grandma lapped me. I was distracted by a blonde blue-eyed guy who was just staring and smiling at me. We talked for a bit and I asked him if he could teach me to skate...problem was he was 8 and I'm not like that. A guy was taking a selfie video while skating.I was able to complete 2 laps without getting hurt or falling - that was good enough for me. We enjoyed hot cocoa after. They have lockers for 75cents so you can leave your shoes and personal items. The north rink is for hockey and the south rink is for skating. I'm always up for learning new things and spending time with good friends so even if my feet started to hurt, I still had a blast.
4	Not much competition for a place like this in Las Vegas! They do kids' birthday parties, ice skating lessons, hockey leagues and more. It's a nice facility with an acceptable snack bar. Family friendly fun. I put my kid into a 9 week beginner program for 30 minutes a week. I just wanted to get her skating to where she wasn't hanging on the wall at birthday parties looking pitifully at the people skating and having fun. We've achieved the minimum within the first 3 lessons. I expect she'll be skating backwards by lesson 9. This to me is mui importante because someday she'll be on roller skates with a boom box in hand on Venice Beach and I don't want her to fall and run her tights. Wait... everything old is new again.Point is, ice skating seems odd to me in the desert but it's a necessary life skill for anyone looking to go to cold weather destinations in your future. Brianhead or SLC for a weekend? NYC for Christmas? Big Bear to ski? You'll want to be able to don some ice skates at these places and play with all the other kids. This is a good spot to start your training and have some fun.
2	I have been to LV Ice Center twice since moving to the area. Both experiences were stressful, crowded, and loud. I base my negative experience on the layout of the establishment.. From the minute you arrive, you are squeezed by, pushed, or shoved by almost every other person. Whether its waiting in line to get tickets, getting your skates, putting your skates on, walking to and from the rink, and while you are on the rink. I think having the skate shop, birthday party area, lockers, skate rental, and concession stand all in the same small area is was a bad idea. The price is right for a cheap way to escape the heat but constant flow of people young and old wobbling around on skates is not my most favorite idea of fun. Plus, the "rink guards" the employees who are supposed to keep the patrons safe and make sure they are following the rules... were too busy talking to each other to notice people speed skating, digging into the ice intentionally, the poor kids who were stranded in the middle of the rink, the skaters going in the opposite direction, the maniacs with the walkers bumping into the innocent skaters- makes for a very unsafe time. I liked the music and the strobe lights. The two hour limit makes it a rushed experience, but I do enjoy going to the rink about once or twice a year. If a peaceful and relaxing day out is what you are wanting- this is not the place to go.
4	Love having an ice rink close to home. My husband plays hockey, my son is on the hockey house league and tournament team and my daughter takes ice skating lessons. We are there very often. The staff is great. The only thing that I can see they need to work on is the cleanliness of the place. They have 2 rinks and they have a bar/restaurant that overlooks one rink so u can keep warm and still watch what's going on.
1	So glad we bought the Groupon because this place is a disgusting mess that no one should pay full price for. Brought the kids to skate here on 4/12/14. Never again!The Groupon included skate rental and a coupon for a drink. What they don't tell you is that the "drink" is a Coke product fountain drink. They're too cheap to include bottled water (the cheapest Nestle brand water out there, they charge $2 for). Lame. The trailer trash teen girls serving drinks behind the counter were more concerned with gossiping and screaming "let me take a selfie!" Than serving people. One girl had either henna or a bunch of pen scribbled writing on her hands (filthy). The whole operation is run on rude, obnoxious teenagers. Cheap labor, I suppose. Decided to pass on any crappy food and drink from behind the counter. Don't recommend a Saturday night, the place is crawling with loud, disrespectful pre-teens playing grab ass and bored parents who probably wish they served alcohol. The rink employees were very dangerous on the ice: messing around, skating way too fast and the opposite direction....felt bad for the little kids out there.  They obviously rent skate-walkers to big kids who absolutely don't need them to help them skate, instead they use them as an accelerator to fuck around with. Nice. The whole establishment is dirty and obnoxious. Will NOT be back!!!
4	Came here for a birthday party, it was an absolute blast. Come prepared it's cold. Although layers are probably best because after a while on the ice you'll get hot and a little sweaty probably. Gloves are a must in case you fall. Bring a little cash for locker and walker rental of you aren't a great skater like myself. It's fun to see a lot of young kids working, all of them were helpful and full of energy. I had a great time will be back to get out of the summer heat.
4	Two sheets of ice, friendly staff & great Hockey coaches! Oh, and a pro shop that is very well stocked.
1	I've had several bad experiences, but held back complaining... but enough is ENOUGH!!(Summerlin mall has outdoor ice skating for this winter... go there for now!!!)To start, the staff (or lack there of) is untrained, and does VERY poorly maintaining or monitoring any overall group/crowd security or safety standards (loitering at ice rink exits, youth fighting, roundness on ice. Moreover the senior staff provides NO oversight at all. Music is not always family safe.. .(they can at least download the NON-EXPLICIT versions of songs.)There have been several occasions when parents like myself had to step in and diffuse an incident. If your sending your child, BE AWARE their safety is AT RISK!!(THIS IS CONFIRMED IN OTHER POSTS... when they say Fridays and Saturdays are filled with teen kids.... they mean that THE ICE RINK STAFF HAS NO BOUNDARY MANAGEMENT SKILLS!!!)Equipment/Skates (on several visits) is poorly maintained, with broken/frayed laces which make getting the kids going very difficult!! Ice is not well maintained, on of their ice entrance doors would not stay open (and was not secured back) out of walkway, creating a hazard, and repeatedly a making a loud banging noise as people would repeatedly push it out of the way.Food is low end, but Ill give them a little grace in this area based on the limited operating hours to sell food.Management is completely unprofessional, and unpleasant to deal with, specifically in regards to making a group reservation. During a conversation where I was all but told they DID NOT WANT a group of 8 year old's for a birthday on a Friday night, (THIS IS CONFIRMED IN SEVERAL OTHER REVIEWS)  I said I wanted to go ahead with the reservation... and was told they would be in the following day (so I expected a call or confirmation.) Days later I called back and got the same lecture, and told the rooms were now booked.... guess Ill throw away the invitations I had printed!!!*** UPDATE - we're going anyway (as opposed to breaking my sons heart and having him tell his friends were not going now).When calling to let them know we were indeed coming... we're literally told "I'm not comfortable with this" (about having 2nd graders skate there on a Friday)... and reminded that we couldn't bring food OR CAKE in!!!!I even gave them the exact day and time that I spoke to someone a week ago!!!Regarding the public skate times: It seems like a contradiction that they express that having Jr/Sr High teens on Friday (and Saturday) nights is such a problem, while clearly catering/preferring them to the wider audience in general. I well understand that this is a profitable audience, and a business has to pay the bills, but why discourage families (and their future customers) from coming?Maybe the current owner bought it because of a fondness for ice sports, and that is all well and good...  but public skate... regardless of customer age... comes with it... HANDLE IT like a professional... or... get out of the business and let someone with passion, vision, and professionalism take over!My sons and I like to skate (and their sister trained and competed at that very rink years ago)... if there was ANY other nearby option, I would never set foot in this place again!! Poor staff is usually an indicator for POOR OWNERSHIP... so I don't expect anything to change, except for them to close or be sold!!!
