2	Prices high, food great, but I can't afford this.
3	I have never seen more the seven diners in 1889 Cafe at one time. Seriously. I'm amazed that they're able to stay open, since I'm sure East Carson real state ain't cheap. The upside to the lack of clientele is that the food comes out fast. Prices are slightly high, but the burger and fries are tasty, and my friends love the  chicken stirfry. It's great for when you want to go out to lunch and not use your entire hour.
2	I liked the fries and the greek salad.  But, I ruined the salad by getting calamari on it.  I was expecting fresh calamari, but apparently it just came out of the freezer and tasted super fishy.  Gross!It was a little uncomfortable sitting by myself at the bar.  No sports on TV and no one to chat with at the bar.  I definitely picked the wrong place!
3	A great spot for breakfast. I love to sit in the window, drink coffee and wait a long time for my delicious home fries while recovering from a hangover. The service isn't the quickest, but the food is good classic reasonable diner food with a nice location. The bar is an old hardwood behemoth that spans the long restaurant, and you can feel the history while eating here. They also have some tables outside and specials every Sunday morning.This is also a fine lunch spot.
2	This place has a serious identity crisis. The facade of the building looks interesting and authentic, like it would be a place to get a great beer, meet some interesting people and eat good bar food. The inside, however, has the Disney channel blasting on the flat screen and horrible drinks. There was one waitress for the entire place, who apparently was the owner's wife, and was getting no help from the owner who sat and watched her work. They had a $4 Bloody Mary special, so I gave it a go; and I tried the bacon cheeseburger. The Mary was so bland and boring. It came with no fixin's, was made with tomato juice, cheap vodka and pretty much nothing else. The burger was OK. I doubt I'll be back here.
5	I passed by this place and just decided to try it. I tried their burger. Man..it was so good. Best bang for the buck. Especially if you're a student.. I had plenty of fries. Completely stuffed. =) Definitely coming back here again.
2	Ok place for a lunchtime burger or breakfast.The food is consistently okay but not great.The staff are also ok. Overall the place is remarkably average in an area with places that are much much better.
4	On a Saturday morning we were looking for an alternative to the usual Tom's Diner brunch. (One's stomach can only stand so much bland tasteless somewhat overly "moist" food.)1889 is found on East Carson Street with street parking available. Although if you're like us (forever pedestrians), the bus drops you off just a block or two from the cafe.  The restaurant was about half empty, which was a nice surprise for a Saturday morning. Somewhat low lit, but high ceilings and a lot of seating made it seem open and airy. The art on the walls is a bit dated, but good for a laugh.We were able to pick where we wanted to sit, so we picked a table in the back. A large party consisting of louder women was seated next to us. It was surprisingly not intrusive, I don't know if that was due to the architecture inside the building or just how pleasant the day was. Our server was very very quick to take our drink orders and bring us our coffee before taking our order. The coffee was general diner fare. Nothing fantastic, but not burnt sludge you find in some places. The menu had a huge variety of omelets and other breakfast foods. I ordered the spinach/tomato/feta omelet. The omelet came with homefries and toast. I also ordered a side of bacon. The portions were HUGE. The omelet was gigantic and the portions on the potatoes and the bacon was great. The ingredients were fresh and it was apparent in the taste of the food. A great morning after a night out brunch. Really fantastic. The best part, the meal was fresh, the portions huge, the atmosphere was relaxed but boisterous, but best of all... it was way cheaper than going to Tom's. The staff was exceptionally friendly and very apologetic that the credit card machine was down.I'd recommend this place to anyone who is looking for an alternative to the norm.
3	We were in the Southside looking for someplace new for breakfast when we just happened upon 1889 Cafe. More of a bar/pub than a cafe, we were seated rather quickly. The menu was somewhat sparse, but we chose the following:Ham and cheese omeletTwo eggs, bacon, toast, home friesWedding soupPancakeThe soup came out first and I tried it. Anyone that has read a small number of my reviews knows that I have an aversion to items that taste too salty and that I have a fairly sensitive tongue when it comes to salt. The soup was so bland, I actually added salt to it. Yes, that is right, I added salt to an item. After the added salt, it actually had an okay flavor about it.Breakfast is a fairly difficult meal to destroy or get wrong, and 1889 cafe did fine. They didn't destroy the meal, but they also didn't make it memorable. As my partner would say, "It wasn't made with love." I see no reason to return.
2	My first experience here was for breakfast.There were 4 or 5 booths on the right as I entered. The decorum is old and dated mostly wood drab to say the least. My waiter was pleasant and attentive I ordered eggs sausage and home-fries coffee it's a basic breakfast. When my food came it was very good.... I was a pleasantly surprised this place was a slow warm up for me but I'll try it again the price was on point as well.
1	Ok so let me start out with breakfast is one of the hardest things to mess up. With that said let's begin. So I live like 3 doors down from this place so I was hoping it was decent so it can be an all the time place. Sadly it was nothing of the sort. So first off not one person was in there besides the couple that works there. Who were very friendly hence the 1 star rating. But it was so quite and uncomfortable. They had a couple tvs but they weren't on. So we could literally here everything going on in the back, everything including the microwave! Nothing in breakfast should ever be microwaved. Anyway we ordered simple French toast, bacon, eggs and my boyfriend ordered walnut pancakes. So the French toast was dry and flavorless tastes like bread that was soggy from water then someone cooked it. Then the pancakes literally had walnuts in them, like full sized chip your tooth kinda walnuts. To top it off I instantly smelled that the microwaved object of the meal was..... the bacon! Who in the world finds it acceptable to serve the only customers you have MICROWAVED BACON?! Unholy really. Anyways the cherry on top of the cake was this meal took like 45 minuets to make and everything was terrible. But the thing that got me the most was the cook came out at the end and was like "sorry for the wait everything is cooked to order on weekends" So why in the hell was it terrible and microwaved? Needless to say we barley ate anything and will never go back. All in all it was uncomfortable, and pretty much the worst breakfast I had in Pittsburgh. Unfortunate because they seemed really nice.
