5	THAT. THING. IS. FREAKING. SCARY.$8 a ride, came back with white hair all over my head.  i'm 25.  : \i seriously thought i was dead, even 1 week later.*sweet melody**   ' I left my heart in the air of Las Vegas ' ...
5	While the ride may be $8 ($4 for repeats or for $12 you can get 3 rides on any of your choice) you do have to pay for the tower entrance, so plan ahead for this.The ride is the tallest in the world because it is at the top of the Stratosphere tower.  The needle on top is the ride, a reverse drop ride in which you are strapped into harnessed seats that do make you feel fairly secure.  They don't really tell you when you're gonna go, the ride starts to lift slightly and then like a rocket you are headed for the stars.  It goes up and free falls for about four or five revolutions, so you get a lot of air time and a great view of the strip if you face south.  Don't take anything with you in your pockets, you may not see it till you get to the parking lot and it's embedded into someone's car hood.
5	THis is probably one of the best things I have done in Vegas, especially before you turn 21. I have gone twice now but would go all the time if I knew ppl more willing. It is amazing. To be suspended in the air at night 1,080 feet above the Las Vegas Strip just looking around at all the lights is a surreal experience. Expensive but worth it. You basically get catapulted up and then its like a free float on the way down that kinda goes up and down as you descend. Don't close your eyes and miss the great view. And also buy the picture on your way out, it's always a hilarious picture so I buy em.
5	Ahhh.  This brings back some good memories.  I actually went on this ride in 97 or 98 and I still consider this as one of the best.  Man, this ride is so scary yet so fun.  If my memory is correct, it went up a total of 3 times.  I lost my voice after the first descend.  But I am proud of myself considering that I am extremely acrophobic and this thing located 100 something floor above the ground.  I bet anybody will scream like a little girl.  The other ride on the side of the building is however worthless, so don't even waste the money.  I also tried Sky-Screamer in the theme park at MGM-Grand.  That one was great, too.  I can say that after these 2 rides, nothing can really scares me.  (Or so I thought.....)
4	WOW!!! this is the best ride in Las Vegas. It's on top of the stratosphere and shoots you straight up like your being launched into orbit. The first time I went on it a local News helicopter was in the vicinity and it felt like you could reach out and touch it.And oh what a view when you are able to open your eyes and swallow again.
4	This ride is cool.  It doesn't drop you as hard as other gravity rides I've been on because it bounces you back up.  That is OK with me because when I free fall for too long I feel like my internal organs are coming up my gullet.  The Big Shot is also not quite as scary as the other two Stratosphere rides because you have the whole tower under you.  That didn't stop the guy next to me from freaking out after he was belted in his seat and deciding to unbelt himself and bolt just before the thing took off.  Wuss :)
1	i did this ride to get over the fear of free fall...rip out my toenails, pour salt on my eyeballs, put me on the rack, put my hand on a hot grill...nothing was worse than that sensation of falling. just being strapped in, waiting for lift off, was making me tremble with parkinsonian trepidation. 160 feet in a mere 2.5 seconds at 45 mph, was a taste of weightlessness i never want to feel again. going up was not as bad as coming down, though when i got to the top, having reached the 1,081 feet max., i saw nothing below and around me but the city. so, my worst nightmare: flying but knowing i was going to come crashing down. and sure enough, three or four more intolerable times i went up and down and up and down, dropping 160 feet the first time. 1 minute of pure hell. i never stopped screaming. people could clearly hear my screams below, while my friend amused himself by laughing at me the entire time. once safely off the ride, i was hyperventilating and shaking terribly. so, for those of you who are sadists, enjoy!
4	The most fun and scariest thing ever, combined. I felt ALIVE for sure on this ride even though I wasn't sure if I would make it, lol. You are shot up into the air and dropped numerous times and boy was it fun. The people next to us on this ride were really nice and fun to talk to. The picture is worth buying as well, my face in it is priceless hahaha.
4	Try riding this at night -- ALONE. I was the only person on that ride during night, yes, me only. When I dropped, I almost had a panic. I've never had something scare the crap out of me this bad in my life. But it was a great feeling though, after the ride. As for the price, it was totally not worth it. I believe I payed about $12 (or probably more). I was dropped down immediately when I went up and then slowly came back down, not like the other ones in amusement parks where you go up and down. That thing didn't even last for 5 seconds.There goes my 5-second joy ride...and my 12 bucks.
5	This is my favorite of the thrill rides on the stratosphere. You get shot up into the air for the best view of Vegas short of a plane. You know that the tower is beneath you, but once on the ride, you can't see it so you might as well be floating in space. You can't take a camera up there with you, which is fine since it is probably a safety hazard and you can get just as good a picture from the observation deck. You obviously want to try to get a good seat looking at the strip. This is the only thrill ride on the stratosphere which I have and would do multiple times.
5	OH ya good rush when it shoots you up and you feel like intestines break apart  when it drops you!  Ok that sounded gross lol but its nice cause it keeps doing it and you are 1000 feet up high on the tower! yahoo give me more of it baby!
4	I'm not a big fan of heights so the last time I stayed at the Strat I wanted to make myself go up hight. I didn't quiet have the guts to do one of the rides that flings you out over the side but this one seemed okay.They make you take your shoes off and I had to take my glasses off (which made it a little harder for me to appreciate the view) but wow, what a rush! You have to try it!
5	Cool experience!! When else do you get to say you rode a ride that is 100 stories above the ground? At its maximum height, this ride reaches 1049 feet! It surprisingly is not at scary as it sounds. It was just pure fun with a one of a kind view of Vegas. Unless you have a severe fear of heights, I would recommend that you take a chance and try it!
5	This is the only 5 star review that I will NEVER do again!!! I not too proud to admit that I hate heights! Being on the top of the Stratosphere scared the living shit out of me... but I felt obligated because I couldn't possibly backdown in front of my girlfriend. "You're not scared are you?".... *sigh, fake smile* "Oh, hell no"When we stood there waiting, they shot the group in front of us into the air. I almost passed out for them and my nuts dropped to my knees. I actually felt safer on the freaking thing strapped in and I kept telling myself "well, no one's ever died on this thing". Longest 15 seconds on my life. I went on the rest of the rides, but by then I was still in a trance. That was about as extreme as I'll ever do again. Hopefully.
5	Fantastic ride! Can't beat it! Alittle confusing getting on the elevator to go down! Will ride again
5	Adrenaline junkies unite!Similar to Supreme Scream @ Knotts in Brea, but WAY better since you're higher by about 10x more. Only bad part I have to say about this ride, is being the clumsy me I smacked my head against the harness RIGHT before I got on. But very fun and a must try.
4	4.5 starsBest (thrill) ride in Vegas. It's awesome to say that you've been on the highest thrill ride in the world. The Big Shot shoots you up at a speed of 4 G's and you drop down at 0 G's. After the first "shot" though, the rest aren't as scary because they involve less distance. Definitely get the pic afterwards, your face will be priceless!
5	dudddddeeeeeeeeeee..   half of the thrill was going to the top of the Stratosphere and catching the great views in all directions....   so awesome... now here comes the ride...    I have been on some similar to this in the past, except not on top of a huge building!    This thing is amazing...  as you rise(super fast) you see the view below you expand rapidly and then its the man I hope my shoulder harnesses are going to hold me in factor with the few seconds of weightlessness.... this ride is AWESOME... some people would say intense... but I say simply awesome!  definitely a must must must do here in Vegas...
5	This ride is unbelievable. If you are going to do rides in Vegas, this is one of them!Personally, I like to get the wrist band that allows for unlimited rides.  You can do each of the three, as many times as you want.This one in-particular is pretty amazing.  People are strapped in on four sides that wrap around the needle, facing outwards.  Once secured, the ride lifts up a bit from the ground, and without ANY warning, you are completely shot up.  It feels like you are going to shoot right off!  There is a moment after you hit the top where it feels like a free fall - you half want to pee your pants.  That is my favorite part.  :)Doing it during the day is amazing because you can see so far in the desert.  The views really don't get much better than that!Doing it at night is pretty special though.  You really get to see the entire city with all of the lights on.  At one point I looked to my left and saw a plane eye level.Rad.
5	get shot straight up @ 4 g's 1050 feet above the ground? you gotta be f'ing kidding! this awesome ride and structure are at the top of the massive list of things that make us proud to be Las Vegans. try this ride after dark.. for the ultimate thrill.
5	Mission Las Vegas accomplished. I'm not ashamed of my addiction to the Real World and as soon as the most recent seasons cast visited these rides my roommate and I put in our "must do" list for our trip this last weekend.Originally we were going to go on Insanity and Xscream but we swapped Insanity for Big Shot considering after watching Insanity we deemed it a really high up marry-go round. Totally worth it. Went on a Monday afternoon before leaving Las Vegas, no wait whatsoever. Plus, I was expecting it to be like the Giant Drop at 6 Flags Great America. Slow descend up... fast drop to the bottom.Nope... were going to launch you up, bring you down, and back up again, maybe hold you in the air a bit. Definitely worth it.
5	AM I GOING TO DIE????!!!!By far one of the scariest rides of my life... it doesn't help that you start off at 109 floors off the ground.So... for those of you that don't know the BIG SHOT is the ride "on top" of the Stratosphere.  You may THINK that you have seen one of these wimpy rides at your local fair... you are thinking... it starts you off at it's highest point, then drops you....no big deal... not scary at all... HOWEVER, don't get it twisted!  This.  Ride.  Is.  By.  FAR.  VERY.  Different.  This ride starts you at Zero (1000 feet up)  then shoots you up to it's highest point.  Then when you are feeling no gravity at all it pulls you down and drops you.  OH, and let me remind you... you are OUTSIDE, ON TOP of the Stratosphere.   This deserves all 5 stars.  I'm pretty sure I shaved a few 5 years off of my life through this experience.  When do I get to go again?
4	As a kid who grew up with a dad who helped design rides for Six Flags Big Shot was pretty cool for a quick thrill. It's an extremely fast ride but a good one and it all happens at the top of the Stratosphere. It feels like you're going to fly straight off the top as it accelerates pretty fast then with no pause in between it drops you straight down causing you to come out of your seat a little while getting that good stomach drop feeling that says "Now this is a ride".In my opinion it's the best of the rides there.
4	This is hands down the most thrilling ride on the Stratosphere, beating out the kinda boring SkyJump by far as well as the stupidly glorified "merry-go-round" called Insanity and the barely okay  X-Scream.  I love how it's not just a drop tower, but it reverses the speedy vertical movement.... you shoot up fast (just 45 miles per an hour but going up that speed is a very different sensation than going down that speed which would be kind of boring) so that you feel some weightlessness and then you drop down fast and continue this movement 3 times or so but at shorter lengths.  The fact that the ride is on top of the Stratosphere did not make a difference in the thrill to me because you have a whole lot of ground on top of the building to see that detracts from the fact that you're up so high. Plus, I don't think it would matter much otherwise.  This ride would be just as good on ground level.Overall, it's a good ride that just barely makes it 4 stars. It's more like a 3.5 stars, but I rounded it. It could always be much bigger, faster, and not shorten the additional bouncing so much. But then, it would probably scare off too many other people, and they wouldn't have nearly as much business.
5	What can I say!  I have been riding this for YEARS!  I absolutely love this ride!  The daytime is more scary and the night more beautiful.  If you go to Vegas, you have to have this experience!  It is so worth the price!  No ride like this at an amusement park can come close to this experience!!!!!
3	This ride is great. The view is excellent and if you've been on a ride like this, there's nothing new. You get thrown up and go down really fast, no surprises here. Even if you dont like heights, try it out, the ride isn't very long, and the view is worth it.
4	Big Shot was one of the rides on my bucket list when I visited Las Vegas. If the Stratosphere isn't high enough, Big Shot takes you even higher. I was nervous about getting on Big Shot until I seen an older lady get on with no worries. I had to represent for the tall people. I'm glad I rode Big Shot because the experience was cool. I really enjoyed the thrill. Before you can scream the ride is over. The best part about the ride is the view of Vegas once you're lifted to the top. It's best to ride Big Shot early as possible because the lines can become very long (It's very hot on top of the Stratosphere). Definitely put Big Shot on your to do list for Las Vegas.
4	I love big drop rides! And this one was particularly fun. Nothing like being shot up on the top of the Stratosphere to make your day! My only recommendation would be not to sit in the spots facing the sun. The line itself is pretty short; most of the waiting is done to see if anyone else plans to strap themselves in. There's no surprise when they're about to shoot you up though; their announcement gives you a moment to be ready.And then you fly. There's a surreal feeling being shot up into the sky that fast, as if you're flying. You reach the peak and before you know it, you plummet down. Well, everything that goes up must comes down; such is life.
4	Close your eyes and imagine standing on top of the 920 foot tall stratosphere over looking beautiful Vegas.  Now, climb on to the Big Shot and be prepared to be shot up at 45 mph another 160 feet higher experiencing 4G's of force followed by what feels like 5 seconds of free floating followed by a negative 1G's force drop back down.  If you didn't pee yourself just thinking about it, then you need to ride this thing!  I consider myself a thrill ride junkie and I have never experience anything like this is my life.  Buy the day package and get to ride all three rides for the entire day.  Enjoy the ride during the day then come back at night for a totally different experience.  I deducted one star due to the location- it is so far down the strip from anything- do yourself a favor and take the bus to get there.  We decided to walk from the Palazzo because the Stratosphere "looked" really close.... Almost 2 miles later and we finally got there.
5	Wow pretty scary I did this ride at nigh time and it seems like you are gonna fly off the top of the casino and crash thousands of feet to the strip.  This is a must do
4	I have ridden this type of ride elsewhere, but having it on top of the Stratosphere made it WAY better!  Being up that high and adding in the wind factor make the adrenaline pump a lot more!  The ride is safe and exciting and gives a great view of Las Vegas.  I've gone during the day and at night and both were awesome!
4	I loved this ride. Definitely the best thrill ride on the Stratosphere. I'm only giving it 4 stars because you really only drop quickly one time, would be great if you did it at least another drop. After getting off the ride there was no one in the booth to see our photos. I really wanted to purchase it but the workers of the ride are different than the photo booth so they couldn't help me. They suggested I go back down the elevator tell the vendors down on the observation floor I want to view my photos, so I did and the vendor told me the gal had just gone back up, so we went back up and she wasn't there. I stopped a manager from the ride to ask him if he knew where she was and he had no idea. When the last finally got to her booth she didn't apologize or even smile and welcome us. I suggest they get a better vendor or better employees because this gal was not pleasant at all. All that for a $21 photo.
4	Average ride, but what a view! I rode this at nighttime and the queue was non existent on a Saturday. Too short of a ride to rate it any higher, but being at the highest point of Las Vegas gives you some sense of achievement!
