4	I'm native to Phoenix and have been eating this brand of tortillas my entire life.  I guess my taste buds have adapted because no other tortilla brand compares.  Red Eagle brand laughs in the face of Mission Tortillas!  So when my father-in-law came to visit from the East Coast and asked for some authentic tortillas to take home I knew where to go.  You can buy a regular pack at grocery stores but the factory sells larger quantites which is what we wanted for him to take home.  We purchase several dozen tortillas and tamales and they were a hit back in Pennsylvania!  Thanks for not disappointing Red Eagle!
4	I wanted to see this place as my in-laws live in Surprise and besides shopping at a strip mall there is nothing else to do. Plus living in Hawaii, I wanted to be able to bring home some real tortillas.This place is non-descript looking, but easy to find. Inside is not the prettiest or busiest of places either; poorly lit/dark, only 1 person working. It's like a mercado as they offer different kinds of Mexican/Latin products. But those products seem more of "filler" than the real reason you'd be there as they were dusty. It is a working factory too.I think there's food available because they have a bunch of cafeteria style tables/chairs for eating but there's no menu at all, just one sign that said "NACHOS", on a counter to the far right. At any rate, I didn't come here to eat I came for tortillas. They have a large amount of fresh tortillas available for purchase in all sizes. Flour, corn, they even have a bunch of refridgerators with tamales. $10 for 1/2 dozen, $19.99 for full dozen and $23.99 for a variety of mixed dozen. Tortillas ranged from $2.00 to $4.50. Super cheap if you ask me. And they're still warm! Except for the huge Sonora style tortillas, they only make those at 10p at night and they're in the fridge.If you're in Surprise, around the Dysart Rd/Grand Ave area, and need some tortillas, definitely check it out. Way better than buying something at Safeway or the like.Pros:-Affordable and fresh tortillas-Tamales-Quick, in and out serviceCons:-No ambiance, kinda dark and dingy inside
1	We purchased 4 Dozen Pork Tamale's at the Red Eagle El Porvenir Tortilla Factory as we were hosting a Party at a Big Major Corporate Office Christmas Party on December 22, 2011. As we always have for the last 4 year's.As they have been delicious in the past. But this time, we were Totally Disappointed, Embarrassed and Mad as these Pork Tamales were Terrible.We served these Tamales to Higher Up's, President, Vice President's and Other Higher Up's at this Major Corporation and they did not look too impressed. Out of 30 People - Not "One Person" told us, "Those Tamale's were Good". They were "Too Salty" and the Chili Flavor of the Masa had No Flavor, No Taste.  Too much Meat... and Not Enough Masa.We threw the leftover's in the Gabage. They were Terrible. Somebody has either changed "Owner's of this Restaurant or somebody has changed "Cook's" at this Establishment. Oh and by the way, they have raised their Price's on their Tamales and their Tamale's are much more Smaller than in the Past. Anyway, we are Pre-Warning ALL Future Customer's "not" to purchase these Tamales. You'll be sorry.
3	Wanted to find a place to buy tortillas since I moved here. When I seen this place off of Grand, I had to stop here and try it out! I bought two dozens of flour and corn tortillas, one pork, one cheese tamale, and a bag of tortilla chips! The only item I was impressed with was their chips??? Their corn tortillas was OK, nothing special! Tends to break apart while trying to eat it. Flour tortilla had no flavor, just pain piece of bread. Tamale was OK. I could name four restaurant you can get a better tamale at. So, I was happy with my chips anyway! great flavor, not to much salt. Being from SoCal, their were plenty of tortilla shops better then here, hopefully I can find another place to try?
5	I have never been to this place, but have been a HUGE fan of their flour tortillas for years. They are so good, I eat them straight up! People that don't think they're great must enjoy the taste and rubbery texture of preservatives, that's what all the other brands have.
5	Ive been eating Red Eagle Tortillas since before I could walk. I have tried many brands of tortillas and I still find myself wishing they were Red Eagle, especially when I lived out of state for a while. They use simple ingredients in their products so you have to eat them quick because they don't last as long as those with preservatives. Their flower tortillas should be stored in a sealed large zip-lock bag, be sure to remove as much air to keep them fresh and soft. If they get exposed to the air they will harden, like most tortillas without anti-cracking agents. The corn tortillas can be stored in their original packing just making sure to try and remove some or all the air from the bag before sealing it up and storing it back. Most people do not read the heating instructions in the front of the bag. It states that the corn tortillas need to be wet when heated. I believe these make them softer and a little thicker just like homemade. I have tried heating it with and without being wet and it does make a difference. Though either way for they taste great to me. These are one of the last few manufactures of authentic tortillas in the city and I hope they stay in business for a long time.
