4	I came here last weekend to see my favorite performer ever..Dave Matthews. I was so excited I think I floated into the venue.And it was super easy to get inside. The crowd flow was moving and I was quickly at the bar getting a drink. Then off to my seat to await my rock gods arrival.The venue is fairly small compared to some others in town. Which made almost all seats having good visibility. My seats were super. Not on main floor but right above it and in the middle. Perfect!The sound was amazing during the show.My only complaint was the exit. It was odd that they didn't use the side exits only the rear. So it made for a jam packed exit.Good thing I was high on Dave or I would have been less than thrilled being in the cattle call.
5	I saw Dave Matthews and Tim Reynolds here, and I couldn't have asked for a better venue. The acoustics were excellent, the seats were comfortable, and the view was good from almost every angle. The venue isn't small but it's no stadium either. It's perfect for acoustic shows and bands with a more mellow style. I don't think I would want to see Metallica or Eminem here, but there are lots of singer\songwriter style musicians I would love to see here.The staff was all very friendly and helpful, drink service was surprisingly efficient (though selection was a little lacking), and the theater layout is very visitor friendly.The only complaint I have is that there aren't enough bathrooms. About an hour into the show, even the mens rooms will have a line of twenty guys.
3	Don't be confused by the 'Performing Arts' name; this is another large, soulless concert hall. I attended the Chinese New Year celebration here which inexplicably included Kanye West, Gnarls Barkley (Cee lo Green and Danger Mouse), Lupe Fiasco, Spank Rock, and Girl Talk (who was booed/jeered off by a visibly angry crowd and never returned [he was supposed to MC in between sets]) in a two-day 'festival' they called Fusion. The other night, which I did not attended, included Jackie Chan (yes, singing) and other presumably Chinese stars that I had no interest in watching. The venue is fairly ordinary. Sound is just okay. Significant walk from wherever you park, but it is probably smartest to park at the Cosmo unless you want to be stuck in the PH parking garage all night. - E
5	This venue has been transformed into a very intimate concert hall. When we first arrived, we sat a whole section back from where we were supposed to be because we were a little lost, and I thought our seats were farther back than what they really were. I was pleased as peas when we sat in our correct seats and they were super close to the stage. Yay Britney!
1	Saw Tool play here and the acoustics were atrocious. It was like a cheap car stereo without a subwoofer playing FM radio songs. The volume was so low that the audience voices could clearly be heard singing along with the music. Huge letdown
3	Imagine someone stuffed the now-closed Gibson Amphitheater in Hollywood down into the floor of Planet Hollywood and that'll give you an idea of how this venue looks. The biggest problem I had was that once you start the descent into the pit where this is located, the crowd is just unbearably packed in here. All entrances funnel people into a lobby area that can't possibly accommodate them, which leads to lots of tight encounters and really, really long beer lines. They not only have a dearth of bars, but bathrooms, too. Even worse, they have TWO bathrooms for the entire venue - the men's room is all the way to one side, the women's all the way on the other. Who the hell designed this?Once you step into the venue proper, it's much more open. We had some great seats off to the left in Orch and the view was excellent. We came to see TOOL and their sound was great. I don't really get other complaints that the sound here is shitty. I've been to plenty of venues with truly shitty sound; this was not one of them. I like how the band was able to make use of the massive video screens that wrap around the venue to display their trademark visuals. Highly impressive.
3	Good venue for shows and performances, kinda wacky layout in the front hall/ lobby leading from Planet Hollywood into The Axis though, but good otherwise. The layout is decent, though the cheapest seats will get you to be quite far from the action. But what can I say, I'm spoiled with the Colosseum at Caesar's.. :P
4	Very nice concert hall. I would go again.
4	So, I've been able to re-live my younger days pop star obsessions TWICE at this venue. Back in December, I saw Britney take the stage (the first night of her show!) and then again, this past Thursday for New Kids on the Block. Before the show(s), the long entry lines extend past the circular bar area outside of the entrance, snaking along shops in Planet Hollywood. Both times, the lines were orderly, and the wait time was minimal. Tip: one person is the designated line stander, and the other is a drink fetcher. That circular bar on the outside is perfect for a pre-venue cocktail. Just make sure you get a drink that you can finish before you enter! The ushers are quick to help you find your seat. Both visits to the venue, I sat in areas 204 or 205. I liked the distance from the stage to our seats because I saw the whole stage (and for Britney, saw all video monitors that she utilizes tremendously during her show). Also, NKOTB came up to the walkway a few rows in front of us for an up close and personal song or two! A huge portion of the audience definitely loved this part! Just ask the girl who literally hung from a New Kid from his neck like a crazed monkey! Also, the beads of sweat running down the New Kids' faces and abs were *just* out of reach while in the walkway (ahem, fangirl moment) but provided amazing photos! At both shows, concertgoers had their phones out, taking photos and video. Not once did I see an usher make it an issue. Happy snapping! The sound of both shows were of clarity and just the right volume. The fireworks, smoke, streamers and tons of confetti gracing the stage and audience makes it extra fun! Pretty cool venue in my book!
5	Axis is located just outside of the Planet Hollywood casino.  Technically it's in the Miracle Mile shop area and very easy to find. It was my first time seeing a show in this venue.   There were more seating than I thought would be in there.  But the venue setup was great for any seat in the house.  The sound quality is fantastic.  There aren't any weird sound reverberations I've experienced in some Vegas venues.   Ushers here are friendly and very polite.  Upon entering they keep the line moving quickly and efficiently.I certainly enjoyed seeing the show here and hope to be back here again soon.
4	One of my favorite venues now :-) I guess they remodeled for Britney? Thanks Britney :-) I was there for NKOTB and I found that seats were comfy and I like how wide and easy the stairs were to maneuver. Those bleacher type stairs are always so scary! I just wish there was a short way to get anywhere in Planet Hollywood. You always have to walk through all the shops! I guess you definitely get your exercise. I will definitely make it back to this venue.
1	I have been to a LOT of concerts and a ton of venues across this country... that being said, I can honestly say The Axis has to be one of the worst venues I have ever been to in my entire life.There are a lot of problems with this venue, but the biggest one for me was the staff. I paid a lot of money for my seat, but venue security was only concerned with protecting the "gold circle" area and did not care if anyone else moved around and sat wherever they pleased. Throughout the night I had a rotating cast of characters in the seats next to me, many of which were obnoxious beyond belief. When a few of us asked to have them moved since they weren't in their seats, staff just blew us off. In addition to this, staff took way too long to remove an overly intoxicated individual who was about to vomit on the people in front of him.The highlight of my evening came when I was videotaping a song (mind you, there are NO signs stating "no video", it is not on the ticket, and it has not been announced whatsoever) and a male security guard comes over to me and makes me LEAVE the venue to scold me outside about videotaping. He berated me like a child, intimidated me and frankly scared me since I was outside by myself with him and no one else was around. I had my cell phone out because I was so scared. He yelled at me about videotaping and made me clear my memory card and said I was lucky to be going back in and "all eyes would be on me for the rest of the night". Never in my entire life have I been treated so horrendously by venue security, not to mention I missed 2 songs because of it.Best way to end the evening? Being told I couldn't use the bathroom on the way out of the venue because "we're closed"... The second that show was over, they pushed people out and were literally closing doors with people still inside trying to leave after buying band merchandise.I have never seen a venue so disrespectful of the patrons paying to be there. I witnessed a number of other atrocities that evening, but still cannot get over what should have been a simple "don't videotape" warning that turned into a security guard on a power trip taking out his impotence on me. Such a wretched experience that ruined my evening. I will never go to a concert at this venue again and will instead stick to the Hard Rock, Cosmo and Palms that have always provided a wonderful concert experience and have had nothing but respectful and responsible staff members working their events. The Axis should spend some time at those other venues and learn how to run a concert venue.
4	We're all amongst friends here, right? So I won't get de-friended or blocked for admitting to being a Blockhead? I won't even go into detail about wallpapering my bedroom walls with posters carefully extracted from Bop & Tiger Beat magazines. Last week, I saw Joe, Jon, Jordan, Danny, & Donnie perform here during the last night of their 3-day tour. As if our section 102 seats weren't good enough, the guys came out into the isles for maximum groping potential/selfie with an NKOTB opportunity.   They sang the classics, they sang "Summertime," which in 2008 reignited my love for them after 20 years, & they covered a few Wham!/Prince songs. Fun, magical moments. Not a humongous venue, decent acoustics. Wouldn't hesitate to see another show here. Located inside Planet Hollywood near the Miracle Mile shops. I love you, Joe!!!
3	Having seen two concerts here, TooL and NIN/Soundgarden, I have to say I enjoy the venue and the crowd control but I just cannot get into the accoustics no matter where I sit, the bass in particular getting muddy while cymbals seem to bounce around the room.  Thankfully gentle on vocals there are certainly worse places to see a concert, but for me this space seems better built for stage shows or spoken word than rock music.
3	I saw Old Dudes On The Curb......errrr I mean, New Kids On The Block here on Sunday 7/13/14. Took my wife, oldest son, and a friend. Was my first time here so here's how it went.Located amongst the shops in the Miracle Mile inside Planet Hollywood Casino/Hotel, our party of four picked up our tickets at will call and hung out for a few at the front entrance since the show started at 8 and it was only 7:30.We made sure to be out of the way of concert goers but the usher that stood near the metal detectors rudely told us to move out of the way. We were off to the side but apparently that was not good enough for him. Right away I got a bad first impression. If this is how rude this guy was then what does that say about the other workers?Anyways, we finally went in just right before 8 thinking that it was your typical concert that was gonna start late but we were pleasantly surprised it started right at 8.The whole showroom is huge. The seats were your typical small cushioned fold ups with cup holders. The sound is loud and clear enough even for the nosebleed seats we were in. I can see why Britney Spears was the first to do a residency here. Good sound, plenty of seating, and easy "acces". Pun intended.So besides the the one rude usher, im hoping my run in with any other workers on any future events will go more smoothely. Oh, the parking structure is one big mess. Make sure to give it an extra 15 minutes to your travel time so you can find a good parking spot. Just as bad is when a major concert gets out it takes a long time to get out of the parking structure as well. Lucky for us, since we were in the nosebleed section towards the back of the showroom next to the exits, we got to our car and got out rather quickly.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #164
3	So let's get this out of the way. You are reading my 1000th review! I figured I'd save this one for a memorable experience and my recent visit here was certainly one for the ages.This venue was built for the Britney Spears show but it is used for other music events and I was very happy that I got a ticket to the opening night of the Nine Inch Nail/Soundgarden 2014 tour. Once I parked, it was easy enough to catch a bite to eat in the Miracle Mile shops before heading into the venue. The bars are right there as you walk in and for some reason, people don't head to their left to find less crowded bars, so it can be a cluster. Once you are inside the venue, the sight lines are great. My seats were in the second section, right behind the sound booth, so I definitely benefited from the best acoustics in the house. Of course, the show was great - the crowd was a little older, so we definitely appreciated the comfortable seating in between our lose ourselves music moments. The stage was able to accommodate NIN's huge stage show and even though there were first night of the tour glitches, I think overall, it was a fantastic show. I'd definitely come back here for again to see another band.Pro-tips: park in the Miracle Mile garage, easily accessible from Harmon going West towards the Strip or Audrie going north towards the Paris hotel garage. The west side of the garage has escalators.
3	For good venues at which to see a concert in Vegas, the Axis is pretty far down my list. It's not bad. It just lacks the better seating layout and sound quality found at other venues (like the Pearl). If you happen to score a close seat, it's much better. But if you're further back or off to the side, it's totally meh. And that's not the case at some other local venues. The bar lines moves quickly, which is nice. There's not typically a line or hassle getting into the venue. It's a-ok, but just pales in comparison to others. It's too flat and spread out for my liking. The shorter, taller venues tend to have better views no matter the seats and better sound quality.
1	I've lived in Las Vegas for 17 years, and have been to dozens of concerts at various properties. This is by far the worst experience for a concert to date. The staff was rude and unhelpful in providing directions. One staff member yelled at us when we asked why there were no signs telling people where to line up.  There was no order or organization whatsoever!  I'm sure the concert will be fantastic and make up for such horrible service, but I won't be back after this experience!
5	Great venue!!!! Every seat has a good view! Smaller more intimate theater makes for a fantastic experience. Was very surprised and impressed.
