1	Terriable.  3 hours to swap rims, the bill was given 65 higher then quoted.  Stay AWAY!
1	Screw that they didn't work out anything with me I got a tire here they changed the prices with me 5 times. I tried getting my tires balanced but I forgot my lock key. They tried charging me for using one of there's hell naw . F U
4	my favorite mexican tire shop in Vegas.great place for a quick tire plug n patch.  some good tread used tires or maybe even some new ones.. I've been to other mexican 24hr tire shops but this iopen 24hrs a day.. pay cash or debit (no credit cards) ..service is good..
1	Please be careful .% 100 they will  try to increase sales.Crooks.Just crooks.At least every two months just because I have no choice I come to this place.Whenever disappointed again.Money is not my problem at all just this place always, always want more and more money.Crooks.If you are not stressed like me and if you have a spare wheel look elsewhere
1	Stay awayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyYelperasssssssssssStay awayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyAgain and again and again the will try to charge more money!!!!!!
5	Fast! Easy! And reliable! Great prices too!There's a little bit of a language barrier but that is fine! These guys work hard and fast! Got quoted cheap and I told them I had a meeting in 30 mins across town.I was in and out less then 15 minutes!Thanks busy bee I appreciate it!
1	Buyer beware: 24hr used tire shop on the corner of Spring Mountain and Valley View.  Last week I purchased used tires from this shop. The name on the receipt for the shop is busy bee tires but that's not what it says on the outside. I'm assuming that they saw a little girl and thought that they could just screw her over. The tires they sold me had practically no tread left on them and needed to be replaced just as bad as the ones I went to place. Not only did they sell me a dangerous product but they improperly balanced my car. For almost a week I was driving in rainy weather endangering not only myself but other drivers on the road having these on my car. To top it off they put 2 different types of tires on the front of a car that is front wheel drive. Anyone who knows what they are doing knows that this is a big no no. I would not recommend anyone go to them for any kind of services. They refused to give me a refund and didn't even offer to make the situation better. My friend Christian who came to assist me with the language barrier has had previous issues with them when a family member purchased tires from them. The man we dealt with was rude and refused to give us a name of the owner of the shop. All in all, stay away from these people. I will be reporting them to the Better Business Bureau.
