1	The last time I came here and got a breakfast, it almost killed me. I shit you not, I got food poisoning so bad I had to go the doctor and  spend a couple grand before the ordeal was through. I know you roll the dice anytime you eat fast food, but save your  broke ass a couple grand and go to the burger king next door.
3	Better than taco bell
1	Staff is rude food is not good. I have been there a few times and have had to take fries back because they were so old or had to go get the rest of my order. Go to another one much better service and better food
3	I've only had a problem once here.  I know that's not the best line to start with for a Yelp review, but in contrast to other reviews, I guess I'm pretty lucky?? I had a custom order concerning six tacos and they forgot to change up two of the tacos.  Good thing I caught it only a few miles down the street.  I brought the order back, went to the staff and informed them of the error, and they promptly corrected it.  Plus, they let me keep the "mistakes" and I gave it away to someone else.Staff is usually pretty nice and accommodating.  Food isn't that great but what do you expect from a fast food joint? Overall, not too bad in my book.
1	My first and last time rating here ... I got some tacos and now I can't get out of bed !! I was up all night getting sick.... The food didnt taste right but i figured cuz i was used to taco bell... but i guess not.... I wanna feel better already!!
4	I'm a big fan of Del Taco in general, and more specifically, this location. I come here often - and have done so of a long time.  O have nothing but good things to say - In my opinion, it's one of the two best Del Taco stores in Vegas.  The food is always superior to the other locations, and the staff is always friendly and professional.... even at 2 am!
4	Been here several times. Hasn't let me down yet. It's easily accessible off Boulder Highway and is open 24/7. This is one of my preferred spots to redeem the BOGO coupon for the Double Del Cheeseburger, $3.00 each, and I don't recall having any issues. They also aren't upselling jerks who pester you about trying a new item or asking 3 times whether you're sure that you've concluded your order.
5	An epic Del Taco location, no doubt.  I think that I've been to this location on just about all my Vegas trips.  Not sure if it's 24 hour these days or not, but I recall having several late-nite blurry walks to it during my visits to Sam's Town and the Eastside Cannery across the street and a couple of blocks down.TIPS:  Check out the "other" Welcome To Fabulous Las Vegas sign, as it's right along the way on the rocky highway median from the casino hotels.  Just be alert if you're wasted, as there always seem to be cop cars hanging out in the parking lots around here.  They bust people for jaywalking in this part of town, too.
1	Yuk! Couldn't even chew the steak. I love del taco but never have I experience such a disgusting meal. Didn't get past the first bite.
