3	Came here to grab dinner before my flight because the world knows how expensive a bag of chips is on Allegiant Airlines ($6!). As soon as I approach the counter, the cashier leaves. When she comes back no smile, no greeting, totally unhappy to be working kind of attitude. I order my food. The staff here is a little unprofessional and immature. A potential customer asked if there was a sit-down restaurant and one of the employees answered that there was possibly at the end of the Gate. The potential customer says Thanks, I'm going to look and may come back. The employee then corrects his previous statement saying that the other place was not sit-down, but order at the counter and then says, "I wasn't sure what you were asking". I think you should know what kind of place you work in whether it's drive-thru, sit-down, order at the counter, etc. if you work in a restaurant. The cashier calls my number apparently several times, I thought she would be bringing it to me because I have never been to this kind of place and she didn't say she'd call my number or what my number was and for $9 for my meal, I'd expect slightly better service than a fast food place. She calls my number again and I finally look up and she looks at me like "Finally, come get your food". When I come up to the counter she is talking to another customer and a bunch of orders are on the trays next to the register. I go to grab the tray and she gives me my sandwich and soup (no cookie). I then get back in line to ask for some water and hear that employee asking his co-worker, "I can't believe that guy asked me if there is a better restaurant than ours? What am I going to say yes?" He didn't ask for a better restaurant he asked for a sit-down restaurant. If he can imagine travelers just want to take a break and get some quality service then he'd understand why this potential customer asked this question. The potential customer did not come back. A few minutes later they call the same number for someone else's order, several times again because they do not yell out loud enough! My garden vegetable with pesto also did not contain any pesto. On the plus side, they did give me ice with my free water and the half panin was a good portion.
1	The choices at this airport are dismal at best. I chose the worst of the two evils. (Or so I thought) I ordered a Chipotle Panini. The cashier asked the person behind her if they had any and she said yes. I paid for my over priced sandwich and tea (they were out of bottled water!) A couple minutes later they called me back up to the front to tell me they were out, so I asked for a chicken walnut sandwich instead. They said they were out of that too. The cashier went to get the manager, who was very pregnant, and she didnt ask me if I wanted anything else, just opened the register and threw my money at me. She then barked at the cashier to tell people that they were out of all the paninis and chicken. I found the whole experience to be unprofessional and rude. I will make sure to eat before going to the airport next time.
2	Drink service is fast. Sandwich/bagel service is so slow one wonders if they are getting stuff from other close Paradise bakery. Best to stop at copperheads instead.
4	I got the turkey cranberry and the garden vegetable it was  expensive but so delicious I would recommend it.
