3	Though several of the hotels have their own convention centers, the huge Las Vegas Convention Center is the king of the hill.  It's 3.2 million square feet are housed in the North Hall, Central Hall, and South Hall, each with two levels.  Annoying little speed bumps seem to be the norm in Vegas, and the ones in the Convention Center's driveways are the most unpleasantly jarring possible.  There is a monorail to travel to and from the Convention Center.From the South Hall, you can walk to Envy, the steakhouse.  From the North Hall, you can walk to The Beach (http://www.yelp.com/biz/XY6qCnwb_0-XB4wevloldQ) and Piero's Italian (http://www.yelp.com/biz/anQSLdujUOp0sTCmIBi2Tg).
2	I dragged myself this morning via the (expensive!) monorail to the Convention Center for a geek tradeshow setup.  Hmmm, what can I say, it is huge but quite tacky and old school!  Perhaps because I live a few blocks away from our very own hip Moscone Center and have worked the booths at Moscone for Oracle World many times, I found this Convention Center too old school.  What's up with the flashy carpet circa Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin and Sammy Davis, Jr.?  Quite tacky, I would say...I was not quite impressed, in fact, I think it needs major upgrading, please update thyself, after all most geek conventions occur here, at least have a high-tech look.
3	Enough space to house an entire third world country.  I dont know about most trade shows, but NAB's Booth numbering system was beyond nonsensical and it was hard to find booths.
4	This place is huge!!! If you're planning to attend a convention here...make sure to bring your walking shoes. Seriously...be ready for a day of leg burning and feet swelling. The facility itself is pretty clean considering it's accommodating thousands of different people day in day out. Make sure you know where your convention is being held before you go or you will get lost in the abyss. They have a few food stands including Nathan's and Starbucks...a bit overpriced but that's what they're there for...to take advantage of the convention whores who are stuck there all day!
3	I was just here for CES2008. The place was really packed. I tried a few of their food places such as Starbucks, International Food Market, and Nathan's. The price is pretty high, but not unexpected. Since I was suck there the whole week, I didn't have lot of choice.
3	I am here at the LVCC for the POOL Tradeshow, and good LORD....I didn't know buildings came this big.  You need to board a shuttle to get from one end of the building to the other, particularly if you are wearing non-walking shoes.  They do have a FedEx Kinko's business center and a small food court that includes a Starbucks, which keeps my rating at three stars.For the most part, the LVCC does its job - it provides a large space for conventions and shows...but my beef is this:- The bathroom layouts are retarded- The food is excessively overpriced (who the eff charges $17.50 for a plate of curry and rice or $3 for a bottle of water?)- The catering people seem really disorganized and inefficient- The whole bullshit deal about not being able to wheel anything in on a dolly YOURSELF...you either CARRY your stuff in, or pay $84 to have a union guy do it for you.- $100 per day to use the Internet during a convention?  SERIOUSLY?!?!- Did I mention that you have to take a freakin' SHUTTLE BUS to get from one end to the other?That is all.-
1	White bread, old Original lays potatoes chips.... feel like im eating in 1980 with Kid Rock or something.  If I'm paying for an expensive convention you could at least give us some healthier food that tastes better.  Wifi? Their internet connection you cant have over 100 users on at a time or pay $99 a day for some other connection associated with the convention.
3	Oy, I have to take a golf cart around? I love walking and don't mind, but this place felt like a maze. Maybe after a few more conventions I will warm up to the place. Bring some roller blades to get around.
3	Really one of the nicer convention centers I've been too. This place is huge, even more so than a normal convention center. Came here for the 2009 NAB show and was amazed and perplexed by this place. THe place is huge and apparently the staff they hire for the shows don't even know how to get around this place. Being as big as it is, I'd highly recommend some good walking shoes if you're coming here for a convention. Only issues for me are the bathrooms being so close to the main hallways but pretty much far away from everything else. That and the "food court". The inhouse cafeteria is horrible and serves food that even Bob's Big Boy's restaurant wouldn't serve. The only other places to eat were at Sbarro's (Ewwwwww) or Nathan's Hot Dogs. Nathan's wasn't that bad but after eating hot dogs from there 4 days in a row, you kind of get sick of that place after awhile.
3	was here for the SEMA 2009 show.. it's a massive space.. lots of walking indeed.. but the maps are all wonky. the help desks aren't very helpful, and quite frankly, it's not a nice looking building. .... BUT that being said, it does what it needs to do, and that's to be a convention center. at least we didn't drive here, cuz i have no tips for parking/etc. :)
3	I think the words that would best describe my initial reaction when first coming here would be, "HOLY CRAP THIS PLACE IS HUGE!!!"I came here for the Consumer Electronics Show in early January and, for an event like that, the LVCC is the perfect venue to showcase all of the various booths and such both big and small.  It was a good thing we were there for three days since it would have been impossible to try and explore everything in one day (that, and there were a few things that kept us distracted for most of our time there).  As with any convention center, I steered far away from the food court and their $4 not-so-good hot dog and everything else that's overpriced (yay for bringing lunch!).  It was also difficult to find a restroom in such a huge hall (make that three separate halls: the South, Center, and North Halls).  I just remember lots and lots of walking... and also having to wait in the longs lines for the shuttles back to the hotel and the large masses of shuttles trying leave all at once (I would NOT have tried to drive here... no one in their right mind should do it, anyway).Though, LVCC does its job in being huge and holding a variety of events throughout the year.  It does take some preparation and a lot of patience in trying to find your way around so keep that in mind if you have to come here for an event.
2	I first came to this convention center when there was an event there for the Las Vegas Bowl when my team, Cal, was playing in the Las Vegas Bowl. Most recently, I went to this convention center for the Consumer Electronics Show 2010. I thought that convention center was a pretty huge place but it was kind of confusing to navigate. Parking was easy and the convention center employees were nice enough.
1	A tired convention center in need of a tear down and remake. A bad rat maze layout and some bathrooms in need of serious steam cleaning and updating.The worst was the food court. In this case, "Food" however is a stretch. The choices there overpriced and disgusting. They can get away with it because there is literally zero nearby competition other than the Hilton's restaurants, which are suspect also.Also the traffic can be a nightmare with a big convention. If you take a taxi, you sit there watching your meter go up up up as you wait to get in and out of this dump.Verdict: for how many conventions end up here, this place should be a lot better than its 3rd world state.
4	Work in the convention industry here and work a lot of trade shows...just got done working a big convention before memorial day...the building is huge and outdated but functions well.  The employees are mostly friendly and know their business and the food is actually better than most other convention centers I've worked in (a little bit spendy but if you work set-up and tear down they give you a discount!- try the new turky sandwich station).  I really needs some updating but I hear they will work on that once the money starts rolling back in...I have to say we're lucky to have this place that provides business and jobs to our town.
3	I have been here every year since 1991, mainly for the NAB convention. While it was already huge back then, it grew to humongous gradually in the late 20th and early 21st century.However, the Internet happened and huge trade shows (the kind that draws over 100000 people in a foreign city) is becoming a relic of the past.I think it will fade slowly into history and will be remembered with found memories (overpriced low quality food, painful transportation to get in or out, mobile phone trying to use oversubscribe networks and not free wifi).
3	I am torn on writing this review.  There are two sections of this review that add up to the 3 Star Rating.  Here it goes....Convention Facility - 4 StarsThe Las Vegas Convention Center is a very good facility compared to other cities.  I've been to the Dallas & San Diego convention centers recently and they aren't as nice as Las Vegas.  The facility is in great shape, the South Hall is relatively new and parking isn't too bad between the area parking lots and the Las Vegas Hilton next door.Food - 2 StarsThis is where it gets ugly.  The food offerings here are split into two distinct groups......the Franchise & the Non-Franchise options...The Franchise options receive anywhere from a 3 to 4 Star rating.  They have Starbucks, Nathan's Hot Dogs, Sbarro, and a Capriotti's To Go.  On my recent visit this past week, I ate at all 3 of them and can tell you that Nathan's Dogs were the best of the 3.  Sbarro is a close second.  Starbucks is Starbucks....nothing special there.....and the Capriotti's To Go is a good option for quick eating on the Tradeshow Floor, but is nowhere near as a good as the regular restaurant.The Non-Franchise food options get a deserving 1 Star from me.  The food is just awful.....and I mean nasty.  I tried two Cheeseburgers from the grill in the main food court area between the Main Hall and the North Hall.....they were easily the most disgusting Cheeseburgers I've ever had in my life.  Seriously, they were worse than the boiled garbage we were served in High School....and damn, those Burgers were crap.  The convention center Burgers were Bland, the top of the Bun was rock hard and tasted stale, and the bottom of the bun was wet & soggy from being prepped in the back kitchen for so long with the special sauce & tomatoes sitting on top of it so by the time the Burger was served the Bun & Toppings were just an awful mess....disgusting!I will never again eat at the Non-Franchise food outlets at the convention center....proceed with caution my friends.Ok, so if you add all of those ratings up....it levels out to 3 Stars overall in my book.Will I return?  I attend so many trade shows, it's kind of hard to avoid....but I enjoy the convention center, so I will definitely return.
2	This convention center provides the typical convention center experience, but with the cheesy flair of Las Vegas. Hence, it's called the Las Vegas Convention Center.If you come here for a trade show or a convention, be prepared for the usual convention center quirks and chaos such as forklift induced frustration, overpriced food and coffee that borders on hot garbage, and women rocking 4-inch stiletto heels the first day and then flats or flips flops for the last day when they realize standing and walking all day really does hurt. But hey, you get all of this and a cheesy Vegas style Elvis impersonator is thrown in to liven up your experience. Yeah. Okay. Lame.Normally, I'd give three stars to an average convention center experience, but I was very disappointed they did not run the air conditioning on the first day and last closing hours of the event. This is unnecessary torture for a trade show exhibitor.When you are assembling a booth after a long plane ride in a super hot facility with no AC it's annoying. The following day, you run the AC when the masses arrive so that they can waddle comfortably around to different booths. The AC is runs fine all week and then you inexplicably shut it off on the last day when the masses leave and all exhibitors have to disassemble their booths. That's so frustrating. And plus, it's just bad for business. Remember, exhibitors pay the big bucks and they make certain trade shows happen and for whatever reason, you are too cheap to run the AC for your customers?Do you think I want to get to the airport with sweaty pits and my once smooth and shiny hair moist, matted, curly and kinky? No. Of course not. So keep running the AC for the convenience of all exhibitors disassembling their booths. Thank you.
3	The convention center is quite nice.  I find it very easy to navigate the booths and move from one area to another.  I do think the place is in need of some renovation.  Part of that has been put on hold because of the drop in convention business with the economy.I come yearly to the Global Gaming Expo and the Consumer Electronics Show.  Both are spread over large areas of the Convention Center.There are several food places, bathroom facilities are scattered throughout, and the Center offers free wifi.  In addition, the monorail station is right out front.  For locals, it's a breeze to park at MGM, buy our $1 monorail ride tickets, and go over traffic to the CC.  No parking problems, and no traffic!  Sweet!
4	OMG this place is huge. It's like it's own little city. There's a north, central and south hall. Each hall has 2 floors and has various meeting rooms. There's a FedEx and various food places in the convention center itself as well. I came to go to the SEMA convention as a visitor. I didn't have access to very much of the show but was still exhausted with where I could walk around. There are a ton of bathrooms available. it is also conveniently located near the monorail. Very nice convention venue, just wear comfy shoes! ^_^*~
3	Gets the job done, large rooms, good location.  On the other hand it is run down, a bit dirty and smells funny.
4	I went to the Convention Center for the Motor Trend Auto Show. It was great to see the new cars that are coming out, and almost all the car companies were offering test drives. I went and test drove the Toyota Venza, it was great!  There was an obstacle course and everything!  All the other companies were offering test drives although I didn't have time to do them.  Overall the experience was great, I'm looking forward to next year!
3	At a slow pace, it took me 15 minutes to walk from the Hilton parking garage to the convention center. That tip is only helpful for the poor students who love FREE stuff. This place is huge compared to the Moscone center in SF and the San Diego convention center. There were plenty of maps and signs getting you where you want to be. The restrooms were clean. The food was pricey, but it's expected.
4	The Las Vegas Convention Center is HUGE. We went there for the Magic Show (fashion trade show), and saw maybe 10% of it after spending almost half a day in there. The show was well organized and there was almost every brand you can possibly think of. We received our badges at the entrance after showing our invitations. They had free bags available for everyone. There were also free and convenient shuttle services available for visitors to travel from one building to the other. The inside of the building is very nice and clean.
4	Location is great because it is close to everything. Only downfall I ran into was the restaurants inside are not open the whole time when your there for a convention or trade show as I was just last week. This made lots of us cab to off sight places for a quick lunch and cab back spending unnecessary money. But the place is huge and clean.
3	Nice facility. Dealing with the behind the scenes of exhibiting can be challenging, but what do you expect?
2	Rather astonishing that the Vegas Convention Center would be so outdated and lacking in amenities. Minimal dining options save a few Starbucks carts, Quiznos and other less-than-desirable stadium-style options.Alarming lack of professional staff - attended a presentation that was 60-minutes started before convention staff arrived to check on projector set-up.
3	For a city that holds as many conventions as it does, I'm surprised the Las Vegas Convention Center is this outdated.  Expect loooong lines at Starbucks and any of the small booths that serve coffee.  Bring layers; it gets COLD in there.
3	I spent a few days here with my company for a trade show. This place is HUGE! It's very clean here and the employees are very friendly even though they have to stand in the same place for hella hours. Luckily, there's always a cab line waiting for you so it's easy to get the hell outta there and get in there quick if you're running late. Food choices are ehh. Obviously over priced but if you're desperate for something Sbarro ain't too shabby. The employees there are nice too =)The bathrooms are plentiful too! Pay attention to signs because sometimes there are some available upstairs with more stalls and have seen less traffic...meaning not as smelly. Very nice convention center overall!
2	I spend a lot of time at the Convention Center because I work as a temp through a couple different agencies and often end up here to do registration, etc. I think this place is in dire need of a makeover. The carpets are whacked out with ugly designs and the place is just boring and bland. There's just nothing here that makes you say, "Wow" besides the fact that it is huge. Here are some tips about the convention center though, whether you're attending a conference or working there:Cabs will always take longer than you suspect, so always leave a little early. This goes the same for the monorail.The layout of the convention center makes for long hikes to and fro. Expect to be walking - a lot. So ladies, just leave the heels at home.The food choices are blah - Nathan's Hot Dogs and the over-priced Banners place will have you spending about $10+ for a meal with a drink included. Oh, there's also a bunch of Starbucks set up offering half of what a typical Starbucks offers with a pricier price tag - of course!It can go from freezing to stifling hot, so bring differing types of clothing.Parking is ridiculous. Especially if you're working here, you don't want to spend $10 to park! No siree! On smaller conventions try the Hilton Sports Book off of Joe W. Brown (runs behind the convention center), but not for bigger conventions - they will be charging for parking. Also try parking lots by the Riviera - sometimes you'll be able to get free parking. OR for big conventions try the street parking to the West of the Convention Center up Paradise Road. There are a few streets where on-street parking is available. Believe me, walking a little bit is worth not getting hit with a parking ticket!Lastly, I always say be safe when leaving the Convention Center. I don't think it is in the best part of town. Do pairs, go in groups, just don't walk by yourself. That's it, I can't think of anything else to say. :)
3	It is big.  It is in Las Vegas.  It is a convention center.  They have conventions there.'Nuff said.
3	As part of my job entails me to attend trade shows throughout the year, especially such large events as the Consumer Electronics Show and the National Association of Broadcasters events, I have been in this convention center at least twice year for over a decade now.Over that time span it seems that not much has changed here. The facility itself is huge and spread out over multiple buildings with a connection to the Las Vegas Hilton on one side. The South Hall is the newest wing and there is the monorail station right outside of it across the parking lot. Most of this convention center has been maintained well, is fairly clean, but lacks any charactor, or updated amenities. Kind of bland which is the opposite of what Vegas is. At times I have sweated my ass off in here, and at others I have been chilly. You never know with this place.The food choices range from lame to mediocre. For the crowds that accumulate at these events it just seems as if there are just not enough food options. The Starbucks is always a long line. The food court is always packed for lunch and the selections are not the greatest. The normal food stands around each hall pretty much suck. There never seems to be enough seating for everyone. Also, everything is way over priced. A bottle of water is $3.  With a sandwich it is usually around $13. What a joke. A good idea is to walk over to the Hilton and grab lunch at their cafe / restaurant there.It is easy to get to by the monorail, and most events have shuttle buses running to the hotels, so avoid the long lines waiting for costly cabs. Most of the biggest trade shows come here as it is a facility able to handle them with large amounts of attendees. Overall, it's a decent convention center in a fun city to attend a trade show.
4	LVCC is one of the largest convention centers in the world. Massive facility that you can really get your exercise in! The Las Vegas Hilton is next door (as is the Renaissance). The monorail services the LVCC also (not sure on the monorail cost but I did here that it does not pass by often enough). The food options were okay inside LVCC...each hall has different choices so look around. The International Food Court is a good choice. No gambling devices in the LVCC??? What happened?....not legal to do so? haha
3	Have to agree with some of the other commenters - in need of some renovations here. Have been coming for a number of years to different shows, etc. and it seems that nothing has changed here. Adequate, but getting outdated.
3	This place is huge!I was just here recently for the SEMA convention and while I wasn't here throughout the entire week long festivities, the two days that I was there was  plenty enough to cover what it was I wanted and whom I wanted to see.Several large halls hosted all kinds of vehicle parts and pieces. Be sure to bring plenty of business cards for those networking opportunities. The food court options were not an option for us as they seemed to be overpriced and uninteresting. Besides, why dine there when just several blocks over are world-renowned michelin-starred restaurant to satisfy your appetite and or ease up on your wallet. We opted to go outside of the convention for our meals and coffee. Convention center parking was reasonably priced and included in's and out's for the length of the day's event. At $10 a car this allowed for some time spent at the show, outside eats/drinks/gambling and a return to the convention, if you so choose to do so. A great deal considering neighboring lots were charging up to $40 a car and the parking environment was no different. Note: we did lots of walking, even up and down escalators that didn't work. Wearing comfortable shoes is a must!
3	My biggest problem while I was there - while they had a kiosk that served "coffee made with Starbucks beans", the actual Starbucks on the 1st floor was closed every day of our conference.That's just stupid. The meeting rooms are okay, and easy enough to maneuver around.  Having the convention center on the monorail line is also a big bonus.
3	Hit the convention center for PubCon; facilities are largely ok, were well wired, etc., although the conference rooms on the upper levels are a bit dark.  As we were mostly in the South Hall, can't comment on North, but we also had a Starbucks, which is never terrible.  One last point of convenience -- the convention center is connected to the Las Vegas Hilton, and it is also near the monorail station.  Great convenience if you are staying at the MGM.
3	A GPS will be your best friend in this place! Leave early and have transportation arranged. The convention center is huge to say the least and the shows are awesome. I usually got to the CES to check out the new gadgets and electronics. Food here is OK for a convention center and you usually don't have to walk a mile for a bathroom, only a half mile :)As an exhibitor this place is frustrating. If you have a small booth you will often find tons of other peoples crap in it (if you aren't there like 2 days early). And it is a freaking ZOO trying to get out of these when it closes, either by bus or taxi the traffic is incredible.
3	I worked here on a few shows with a convention agency.  It's not the central Strip hub of the Sands, or the well-cared-for Mandalay Bay center, it's sort of the off-strip, "Oh no great fine I'll take the monorail," aging and expensive center.  The monorail is expensive, people.  So are the vending machines.   Well, at least those take credit cards... because the Starbucks vendor is never there for anything less than CES it seems.  The interactive maps that are everywhere are very nice. It's just... average.
3	You better have a lot of tread left on your shoes if you plan to attend anything at this convention center. This has to be one of the largest places that I have ever been to. With that, and with the swagger of Las Vegas, there really is just nothing to write home about here. The food is ok, it could really use a sprucing up, maybe from some of the local hot spots as there is always something going on at this convention center. Loved the shoe shine booths, as I got both pairs of my shoes done here. This is really becoming a lost art. As for coffee in the morning, expect a 15-20 minute wait on Starbucks as there just not a lot of other things to choose from.
4	As a convention center, it is clean and has good signs to get around.  Access via the monorail makes it a great place to have an event
3	Attended CES 2012What a massive complex this is! Make sure you have a gameplan for the day. Food was very expensive, and parking was somewhat hard to find as a Vegas local. The monorail goes here but.... who rides the monorail?I'm not sure what could be done to improve this center other than a multi multi million renovation, which with the economy the way it is aint happening.  I agree with a few of the other reviews that this place is just bland. Nothing really "Vegas" about this center.3 stars. FYI CES was amazing and I will be returning next year, but maybe I'll take a brown bag lunch.
2	Big.  Actually, huge.  But that has already been said. The building itself is uninspiring.  /yawn.  The food is mediocre at best.  Think airlines.  Well, when airlines served food.  Then realize you're on the ground and you should be able to do better.  Also, waiting in line 45 minutes for a cup of coffee seems excessive.  I mean seriously, this is a convention center.  Lots of people.  Figure out how to get them the basics quickly.Bathrooms.  Lots of people.  Public bathrooms.  Capacity issues.  Yep.  OK.  Moving on...OK.  Here is are two pro tips - First:   If you're attending a conference and you can get away with rubber soled shoes, do so.  Your feet will thank you later.  If you can't - get insoles.  Second:  There is a FedEx shipping storefront around the middle of the Convention Center.  They will check your bags for you for $3 per bag.  Fantastic when you need to fly out and don't want to drag your bags with you on the convention floor...  (and because the rest of us would greatly prefer if you checked them so we don't have to worry about tripping on them)
3	the philly's here are just ok.
4	One of the bigger convention centers I have worked at, a little outdated, not a bad place to be.Pros:  The place is huge with lots of space to roam.  The AC isn't too aggressive like other convention centers, so the inside temperature is plenty comfortable.  It's also easy to commute in and our of via car or monorail.  There are also lots of bathrooms and seating both inside and outside the main halls (great if you are trying to hide out for a quick break from work.)Cons:  Very limited food options.  You have you're basic, over priced convention fair of bleh burgers and sandwiches with long lines.  The place is also so big that you can easily get lost if you aren't familiar with the layout if the center.Over all, this is one if the better convention centers I have been to and worked at.
4	I've been to the Las Vegas Convention Center a few times for different trade shows (CES, ASD etc) . Not real sure how it stacks up against other large convention centers (I've been to the Sands Expo Center for the Rock N Roll Marathon Expo and this Center seems a lot larger - I could be totally wrong...) but all in all I think it's a decent place. The meeting rooms upstairs are nice - and always a little less hectic than everything going on downstairs on the showroom floors. Bathrooms are plentiful. Shuttle service to/from hotels is convenient, and clearly marked. It's nearby to the strip. Eating options are shit! Bring a powerbar or wait until you are back near your hotel.
4	We attended the ASD trade show which was HUGE! Loved the convention center which was easy to get to and parking was economical. We will be back for the next trade show soon!
3	Good place for an event.  The skywalk was way out of the way, though
4	Las Vegas Convention Center, one word to describe this place, BIG! Currently working the NAB Show 2012 with Cinemills Lighting Company for the motion picture, television, and broadcasting. The long walks in the venue balances out the food we consumed in Vegas.
3	The place is huge! It hold some the largest convetions known to man. Long walk from onside to the other, and zig zagging around booths of information means no straight line. Whenever i leave here i feel like i have played Hunger Games...conventions willw ear you out!
4	LVCC is your typical big city convention center and two of us were there for Lightfair 2012.  We had several meals inside and they were tolerable.  Getting to/from the place isn't hard but I wish the monorail went into the building.
3	Mainly come to LVCC as a exhibitor, and for an exhibitor, Vegas is a great city to be in.  The city itself draws crowds cause it is Vegas, and the facilities here is big enough for the huge shows.  The place is a bit old and needs a bit updating but for the most part, it's alright.  Not much choices in terms of food and dining, and yes, the do rape on the prices.  A burger with fries here can easily hit $10.If you are coming as an exhibitor, do know that the Freeman here is WAY better than the Freeman on the East Coast.  Freeman guys here are just... friendlier than their East Coast counterparts.Parking at $10 per day or you can take the tram.  It's close enough to the Strip to just cab though.  The ability to stay on the Strip is definitely the best part about this convention center.Not a fan of the bathrooms here :P
2	Food is too expensive.  NEVER has enough places to sit.  They could have ashow that has 30,000 people and i think they put out about 200 chairs.  it is ridiculous...
4	Giant place.  I would say that it is 2 or 3 times the size of many major city convention centers.  It is not walking distance for the strip or any major hotels except the Hilton and the Embassy Suites.  The monorail is actually a pretty decent option to get over there if you are staying in any hotels on the east side of the strip.  Otherwise you are stuck with taxis which are ok.  There is some food options in the convention center in between the Central and North Halls.  You can get a slice of pizza, cup of coffee, nathan's hot dog or some chicken fingers.  Definitely a little mark up to the price, but cheaper and easier than leaving and coming back.The setup is a little disjointed but manageable.
5	Huge space, ASD Trade Show is.awesome?
3	It's big.The bathrooms are okay.The parking's too expensive.It's big.
2	Its ok.  They have a starbucks which is nice.  Parking cost of $10 and only accepting cash is kind of crappy.  Since you are typically going for business, it is nice to put it on your business card.  I also rarely carry cash.
4	Attended a business Convention which was held  Wednesday - Friday. No need to hassle parking due to my co workers and myself stayed at a Renaissance Hotel which is just a walk across the parking lot.The convention center is huge and can accommodate any event with several halls to choose from. Overall the convention I attended was well organized.Only con is you aren't really near the strip so may have to drive,  take a taxi or ride the monorail in.
5	Nice place lots of walking! Attended a convention here in August and thank the lord they had the air on blast! Great security guards around the convention area which made things nice and safe. Starbucks is ridiculously expensive inside and you smell the rotten milk which made me gag throughout my convention experience I really think they need to work on that.  As far as everything else it was a good fun experience stayed at the Tuscany Inn suites as recommended for the convention and loved it. Not to far from all the action.
3	attended a bodybuilding convention expo here this past weekend.convention center is spacious and there's a restaurant located inside. plenty of bathrooms placed throughout the center.big problem is that it's hard to find parking because they charge for parking on premises. you can park at any of the nearby hotels (best western or back of The Riveria) and only walk like 1/4-3/8  of a mile to the center.
4	I'm enjoying the Las Vegas Convention center.  The classrooms are a nice size.  I feel in love with Vicky that works as a cashier in the food court.  She was lovely and cheerful.  She told me were I could fill up my water bottle rather than insisting I bought a new one!The only reason I'm not giving five stars is I feel the room numbers could be more visible from the main hallway.
3	I come here every year..well for 3 years, for the awesome SEMA show. Whoever goes needs to visit the Clazzio booth next year. ;] This convention center is WAAAAYY too huge..my goodness! Always blasting the AC, always giving me goosebumps. Food is all fatty, so I stick with the "Starbucks" which has the Starbucks logo, but says Paradise Cafe..or something like that, and get their turkey sammich. It's actually decent. Lots of turkey stuffed inside, and definitely a lot healthier than the Mojave Grill or all the other places available. Will be here again next year. It's a love/hate for this place. Haha
4	I've been coming to Vegas all my life but never really got around the convention center....until this year for the SEMA show.My experience here is not so black and white since there were so many activities tied to this place during my visit. I was fortunate enough to be invited by my friend Pedro, who does all motion graphics and production for the SEMA award ceremony. AND both Pedro and I are car enthusiasts! First off, I stayed at the Cosmopolitan and took the monorail (highly recommended) to the convention center...so no problems with parking. I also overheard all surrounding hotels were charging premium for parking because of the apparent onslaught of SEMA folks. Now why would anybody want to eat here is beyond my comprehension. The only place that I stopped by is this damned smoothie stand that charged me $6 for a small strawberry smoothie. I was pissed. But it did the job because I was so thirsty walking around the convention center. And I desperately searched for this smoothie stand again the very next day....let me tell you this is a huge place.I was invited to the award ceremony cocktail and the ceremony itself (both held at the convention center). I felt a bit out of place as all the high rollers from the auto industry were there. Nevertheless Pedro did a fantastic job with his motion graphics displayed all over the reception. I didn't think I was gonna enjoy the ceremony but actually it was one of the best events ever! Christopher Titus, the comedian literally stole the show and they also had a guest singer Michael Grimm (amazing voice by the way). The food they served was probably one of the worst "wedding" type foods I've ever tasted....dried steak, fishy salmon and rehydrated mashed potatoes. BUT it was free and I appreciate it.The only thing I regret was missing to hang out with Christopher Titus at the Hookah Lounge because we were so hungry from not eating the wedding food...so we went out to eat and clubbing afterwards. Pedro's friend Rick was the only one who ended up hanging out with them SEMA folks after the ceremony....I was so jealous.Another highlight was my chance to test out the new Chevy Corvette ZR1 "Hot Lap" (meaning I'm the passenger with a professional race car driver). OMG I had so much fun.....this reminded me of the time Pedro and I almost got kicked out during one of Chevy test drive tent events years ago when we almost flipped the vette. I was really mad that I missed my opportunity to sit in a mustang during the drag strip event, the next day! Pedro and I walked for miles for two days in a row....and I don't think we even covered the entire show. We also heard all the import car models were placed by the tires because no one's interested in looking at the tires apparently, lol. On our last day, we saw the parade of all the hot rods from the show. There were some real exciting moments watching these cars pass by. A lot of people were pissed because the cops were threatening all the drivers not to make any tricks during the parade. Pedro took a ton of photos and video shots which looked amazing!I was mostly by myself because Pedro was working the entire time. While I was walking around...I got a ton of attention and honestly I was a bit scared. When I was desperately searching for the smoothie stand, this perv totally followed me around for like 20 mins. He really thought I was looking for him.Overall my experience here at the convention center, SEMA & Vegas was phenomenal. It's a diffferent experience everytime I come to Vegas....in other words there was never a dull moment. I will definitely be coming back for next year's show.
2	For a convention center, I've had better, much better. The food offered inside the halls is pretty bad - the french fries were worse than the frozen ones I had in school lunches growing up. Seriously, that bad. There is one lone Starbucks outside the halls which is where I ate lunch after the first day since the food is really, really that bad. In fact, I've had much better food options at various convention centers - Phoenix, Orlando and San Diego all come to mind immediately. I guess cuz it's Vegas, they know they'll still draw the big conventions, but bleh is what comes to mind when I think of the Vegas convention center.
3	This place is huge!   I've been to the Convention Center a few times for the SEMA show and I never think I have ever seen everything there.   There is plenty of parking and the monorail stops right by the center.   However, the traffic can get pretty busy when everyone leaves at the same time.   The Convention Center is equipped to have wifi but it is up to the sponsoring organization to have it turned on.   It was a nice to have free wifi at SEMA.   There are a few water fountains around, but I think they want you to buy the bottled water.   A hint would be to bring your own bottle and fill it up.   You'd be surprised how dry it gets in there.   There are also plenty of food vendors, so you can grab a snack to keep your energy up while walking around.   Also, there are plenty of bathrooms, but they are not always easy to find.   So, it's a pretty decent facility.  Will I be back?   Of course I will.
3	The convention center is massive. The staff is helpful and the place is generally clean. The food is highly overpriced for what you get. It's also pretty hard to get around with a very unintuitive floor plan. Chances are you're not reading reviews on Yelp to decide whether or not to go to a show or use the LVCC, but rather here to validate your own opinions. Either way, I didn't really enjoy the time I spent there.
4	This place is massive, they did a good job of keeping a clean place given the amount of traffic that goes through here.  They need a better setup for restaurants though, they are lacking in that department.
1	No veggie anything at the grill and Fox on every TV. Enjoy.
4	Well I came here for CES this week.  I think this is really great!  It's freaking ginormous, but they make it pretty easy to get around.  I love that the monorail comes here - we stayed at the MGM and this makes it SO EASY to get around!
3	Love it or hate it - I'm here two weeks a year.  Every year.  I think they have made it as nice as they can, and transportation is easy and convenient.  It's just so darn huge...
4	Big *ss convention center.  Not much more I can say.  I've only ever been here for The Consumer Electronics Show, but it's given me a chance to see most every inch of every hall here!Restrooms are well-placed so there's never one too far away.  The Indian food counter in the south hall is tasty.  The workers here seem to be good, friendly people.One star off for the carpeting in the spaces outside the halls.  I makes me feel a bit nauseated, and needs to be a bit updated form its early-80s garishness.  :)  (But then, much of the carpet in Las Vegas seems to suffer from this problem.
3	I think they do a pretty good job accommodating the thousands of people who attend conventions here. I've never had a long wait for food, cabs, or the bathroom. Food options are your typical food court choices at double the price. Bathrooms were pretty clean considering how many people use them over the course of a day. Parking is overpriced. The monorail is very convenient from only a handful of hotels (obviously at no fault of the convention center). Really no better or worse than any other convention center I've been to, only bigger.
4	I love the Las Vegas Convention Center (LVCC), because I have been here for many years to attend both the world's largest Consumer Electronics Show (CES) and the National Association of Broadcasters (NAB). The LVCC has millions of square feet of meeting, event and convention space.  The nice thing about the LVCC is that it has been upgraded over the years to easily handle the world's largest trade show namely CES. The LVCC and Las Vegas has much to offer to handle such large trade shows, which attract 100k or more attendees. The nice thing about this year is that I had a chance to meet a fellow yelper from back east namely Alice L.
4	The Las Vegas Convention Center is more than meets the eye.  Ha..now I sound like a Transformer.  I've been to LA's, Ohio's, San Diego's, and now Las Vegas' Convention Center. All have their good and bad points. I've been to the Las Vegas Convention Center about 6 times in the last 10 years. I've been here for the CES, SEMA, Nightclub and Bar Expo, and the Gaming Expo.  One things for sure, who ever is putting these expos together sure knows how to make this place look different every time. This convention center is a deceiving one.  From the outside, it just looks like a regular or even small convention center. Once you're inside, you're awaken with madness regardless what the theme of the expo is.  This place is also huge and you wouldn't know it from the outside. One thing that I like about this convention center compared to the others I've been to is the food selection and the hallway seating.  The Las Vegas Convention Center reminds me of an airport with seating along the walls and food courts in the middle.  This convention center even has a FedEx. This is so convenient for travelers.  Like all other expos, you're walking out with a ton of freebies. Who wants to lug these freebies on a plane? Ship it via FedEx and save the hassle. My only issue with this convention center is the outside set up.  Parking is really tough here most of the time. Most people taxi, take the monorail from their hotel, or park across the street.  The parking in the center of the convention center is usually full and price can range from $10 to $20.  If you're going here via Taxi, good luck to you.  Coming in isn't hard, it's the leaving part that is a pain in the butt.  Plan on waiting a long time for your cab since the line usually wraps around. Overall, I think like this convention center.  The craziness and madness really depends on what trade show or expo you're going to.  What to expect?  SEMA is tame, CES is crazy, and the Nighclub/Bar expo is right in the middle (i.e. tamed craziness).
4	LOVE Las Vegas Convention Center.  It's HUGE, though, so be sure you know what hall your trade show/convention is in before you park!  Unless it's CES, of course, since that takes up the whole thing!  I've been coming here for years and have attended many shows, Amusement Expo (in all its incarnations), CES, Pizza Expo, Bar & NIghtclub Expo, etc...  Yeah, I'm a weird trade show junkie.I usually park across the street and walk across the skybridge to get inside.  That lot is usually $10, but for CES, it might be more - because we all get ripped off when CES is rolling.   We used to park on Debbie Reynolds for free, but I get lazier as I get older.  You can also park over at LVH for free.  Okay, enough about parking.  On the inside, it's really clean and nice.  Every show is a little different and the configuration always seems to change up.  It's awesome that they can actually do so many different configurations.  There are lots of bathrooms, and even a food court of sorts on the North end with snack bar and Starbucks.  For some reason that place can close early, like 3pm, though, so definitely check on that if you're counting on it for your food!  Right across from there is a Harley Davidson store.  I don't know why.  That is a strange one.  I like that since you're in Vegas, you can just bring your beer with you everywhere, too, so we run out to the car and grab some cold ones for walking around beers while we're enjoying a show!Like someone else said here, if you take a taxi here, fuggedaboudit.. you will wait in a hellacious line to get out of there.If you want to stay close to the convention center, there are plenty of  hotels around it... as mentioned the LVH is right next door, across the street you have several Marriott properties and there are some others in a short radius around the convention center.  The closest strip hotels are the Wynn/Encore and the Riviera.  They are walkable, but it's a longish walk!Anyway, great convention center, clean, fun, lots of great shows going on there.
4	I have attended or worked 30-40 conventions at the Las Vegas Convention Center. This venue is spread out in what seems to be over a mile from the Hilton to the southern most hall. For really large shows, the entire Convention Center, outdoors and the adjoining hotels are used. For more reasonable conventions, a piece of the convention center is used. The Monorail stops at both the South and North side and can actually be used to go from point A to Point B for really lazy people. Taxi's are an issue and the taxi line can consume over an hour. For, $60 a towncar will whisk you way for about an hour's worth of service. Make sure you get a driver who knows the back exits and shortcuts as sitting in traffic after attending or working a convention is painful. There's not much in terms of good food and the Starbuck's has a really long wait. The Renaissance Hotel, ear the South hall has a great breakfast but is generally packed. I have only used their parking once and decided to cab it after this. The garages aren't bad, but take a picture of your car and where you parked as it all looks the same.
4	NAB we're here!
3	A bit confusing to locate specific parts of the center, food court was small, but good overall.
3	- Place seems to be in need of renovations, just kinda run down compared to the Venetian's convention center which seems to be better maintained.- Otherwise it's an a-ok convention center with $10/day (with in/out privileges) parking.
2	This Convention center does many things well.  It is a huge space so it can handle any size show.  They have the shuttle bus thing planned out.  The tram even stops there.My first issue is with the parking.  The front lot is generally used for larger shows, so there is little close parking.My biggest issue is with the lack of food options and seating near the food.  With long days on the floor of a show you want to have a decent lunch while seated.  That is not easy here.  Since there are a lack of food options, there are consequently long lines.
4	MASSIVE!!!I've been to the convention center a few times. I've even attended an event as a vendor, helping my Aunt sell Cookie Lee jewelry. The most recent trip was for the Heli-Expo 2013. Husband is a helicopter pilot so we were pretty excited this year's Expo was in Las Vegas! A little work; a little play.The Center was perfect for an Expo involving these machines. Lots of helicopters were on display and set up for sale inside. No indoor flying was allowed though. There are lots of food options (though, they could use a couple more for good measure). The restrooms are large and were clean. It took us a couple of days to walk around and see everything. Yes, a couple of DAYS. Parking is $10 and they wrote the date on the parking card our first day there. Luckily we were there the 5th and 6th, so we made the 5 look like a 6 with a small stroke of pen, and parked for free the next day as if we were re-entering. And that is how you save $10 on parking.
5	The place is self explanatory. Getting around in  there wast hard at all. The food of course was expensive but it was worth it cause it was good,
5	Massive, large, air conditioned, carpeted and lots of bathrooms.
4	Nice BigSeemed pretty cleanEverything was overpriced$10 for parking :(
2	Bring your own water and food if your exhibiting or walking a show. It's overpriced and the lines are ungodly long.
3	This convention facility looks and feels dated. We were there for the ASD show and everything was ran mobster style. They charge you for electricians just to get electricity for booth space. $120/hour minimum when the guy literally plug your extension cord in the socket. To run the extension cord from the back of the booth to the front is another electrician for another $120 for 1 minute work of plugging in the outlet. I can't fathom how conventioneer would tolerate this type of highway robbery in 2013. But here we are again. That's why trade shows in other countries are slowly and quietly surpassing these ancient behemoths in the US. The teamsters are ruining it all.
2	Nice convention center, clean, and decent A/V systems.  Location is kind of inconvenient, but not terrible.  Food options are slim so I recommend bringing a sandwich with you.
4	Came here for the Mr. Olympiad fitness competitions and had a thoroughly great time!  I'm looking forward to returning in 2014. Now, about this center. I thought Parking was easy and readily available.  The parking rate of $10.00 all day was cheap compared to other convention centers I've been to.  The walking distance from the parking lot to the exhibit halls was relatively short.  The interior layout was easy to navigate, however, I found the few available restrooms inside South Hall a bit disheartening, especially in a busy convention like this event.  But the high from the event easily outweigh the 1 design flaw.
5	I have been attending Joe Weider's Olympia Fitness& Performance Weekend since 2008 6 yrs. at Las Vegas Convention Center,this year they move it from the south hall to the north hall,parking is $10.00 this event expo is so awesome there is something for everybody from,powerlifting,arm war's,grappling,boxing,kickboxing,taekwondo,wresting,karate,men's & women's physique showdown posing,judging and awards,bikini model search finals,fitness model search finals,ton's of vendor's with a lot of Items free,pose for a free photo and autograph with celebrity or your favorite bodybuilder,Adela Garcia goes for her eighth Olympia Fitness win,(she won) Olympia Bodybuilding figures combined with the other division add up to $1 million in total prize money,Mr.Olympia jump from $650,000 to $675,000 to sum up this review this is a great event with so many amazing body' under one roof.
3	I attended the All Baby & Child Expo here this past week.  This place is huge, although that's the best thing that it has going for it.  The place seems dated, and the bathrooms need attention.  I found the bathroom layout upstairs to be awkward, and there were no changing tables or private spaces designated for nursing.  The EXPO arranged for there to be rooms for each of these functions, but I would think that having it in/connected to the bathroom is better so moms and dads can wash their hands. I would suggest a remodel to include  family bathrooms and nursing/quiet rooms.  In any audience attending, there are bound to be parents who will need these amenities.The food selection downstairs was awful.  The burger I had was decent, but my friends prettying hated their food from the fast food Asain/Chinese kiosk.  The only saving grace here was the Starbucks.  There also was not enough seating - with a large convention, there are bound to be people left waiting for tables while holding trays of food.Although I did not have to use it this trip, I like the idea that the monorail connects the convention center to the strip.  I forgot the exact price, but it's nice to have the option, especially if I return and decide to not rent a car.So overall not bad, although there is much room for improvement.  Make plans to eat elsewhere before and after your event, and if possible skip lunch or bring something to snack on and hit a buffet for dinner!
4	Did 3 SEMA'S and 2 CES's and as a member of the working press had much better facilities and refreshments. That said my feet always hurt just thinking about 1.5-2.5 million feet of exhibition space. For the attendees the concession rip off prices are on par with airports, stadiums, Las Vegas Strip and other convention centers.Being a Union hall it is very expensive venue for exhibitors.On a scale it's about equal to Javits in NYC.
5	No better convention center in the country
3	Holy cow, was this place a madhouse by the time we got there!We needed to pick up our bibs and swag bags for the Las Vegas Rock n Roll half marathon, and as we were driving in from San Diego, we wanted to do a quick stop at the Convention Center, grab our gear, then head to the hotel to check in and relax before getting our Vegas on later that night.Unfortunately, by the time we got there, the parking lot was a nightmare. We saw a sign as we pulled in to the convention center drive that the lot was full (It said, "Use Gold Lot", but provided no further information than that). Of course, we were already on the road that led us to the parking lots, so we had to keep driving in at that point. We figured, people were leaving the lot, so maybe we'd get lucky and find a spot, anyway.No such luck. We were diverted back out of the convention center parking lot, along with a ton of other cars in front of and behind us. The guy just stood there, making the "circle back around" gesture to the cars, not even bothering to offer assistance.For people like us - tourists who have no idea what the aforementioned "Gold Lot" refers to - it was a pain in the ass. We basically took the first turns we could out of the convention center and parked at the first hotel lot we could find.It turned out to be a blessing in disguise, as we didn't have to pay for parking (seriously, the entire city of Las Vegas offers free parking, and the convention center wanted to charge people $10? I'll park offsite for free and walk in, thanks...), and we had a straight shot from the casino to the convention center.The center itself was pretty well laid out, though the tables that were handling runner check-in, t-shirt and swag bag pick-up were crowded beyond belief. That's on the event organizers, though, not on the center.Other than the parking aspect, the convention center was about what I expected. I'd just like them to give a little more thought to parking, if they know that the lot is going to be full. Communication is key, and if your visitors are not local, they may need a bit more instruction than vague references to other lots (which we never found, by the way).
3	Over the past few years they've lost large conventions to the Sands Expo Center.  The economy has hit this place pretty hard.  The facility hasn't been upgraded in quite some time and as I pointed out in my prior review 3 yrs ago, the food options here are terrible.  I attend 3 to 4 conventions here a year and I dread getting hungry while on the convention floor.  The choices for having business meetings over lunch and/or drinks is non-existent.  Who wants to try and close a deal in a food court?  Come on...Hopefully, that changes soon with the economy making a rebound, otherwise convention centers in other cities will catch up to this place.Return Factor - 100% (only because I have to)
5	We came here to check out the booths they had set up for the Marathon weekend.  Since I am starting to run.  Let me emphasize the word starting.  I have running goals this year and will be entering a few 5K's.  Ugh! what am I getting myself into.  Anyhow, the parking was free and we got there early enough to miss the masses.  We walked through and saw many things that interested us from drinks, headphones, headbands, and other running staples.  So, overall, the convention center had their act together.  Everything was set up great and easy to follow.  So, good job!
4	I have been fortunate enough to be here for 2 of the biggest shows in town many times, I also lived around the corner so watching them set up always amazed me.   Depending on how you get in your opinion may differ; my suggestion is to monorail it and walks on in.  For locals Hmm pretty much out of luck unless you know someone who knows someone!  I got lucky with my rental placement at the time and so did my friends :) One of the things I noticed for the both big conventions is the monorail is a huge asset and convenience for locals who don't mind planning ahead and getting a local monorail pass at a seriously discounted price (conveniently placed at any stop or load point along the way if you look for it) and parking down the road or for travelers to get to and from.  The off loading point for this stop It is situated in-between the north and south halls makes it easy to roam.This place looks large from the outside but when you get inside it is even bigger, (are sure you wear your comfy shoes) there is food/drink Kiosks inside during the large shows they also had them outside.  I believe that is an on demand thing though; the smaller shows make sure you have drink and a snack or 2 to be safe.All in all the design of the property is amazing and well thought out for huge shows or small shows they have space and areas for any show.  As a tourist or visitor it is easy to access and to maneuver
4	Vast but really lacking in food venues, could cater better for visitors.
4	Just got back from the Design and Construction Week tradeshow held at the  Vegas Convention Center.  Great venue for this show.  There had to be at least 100,000 people at the tradeshow and the only issue I had was not enough seats and phone chargers in the lobby area.  Facility was very comfortable given the size of the crowd.
3	They really need to invest in some more food areas. Other than that it was a pretty convenient location from TI since they had a shuttle to and from the show I was attending.
2	Never seen such a horribly designed parking structure at a convention center. Whenever there's a convention going on, it's virtually impossible to leave the place during shutdown. Everyone is cramped in the lot w/ hundreds of cars trying to leave at the same time. Then, they hire a bunch of security guards to guide traffic. These people are rude and no professional. One dude comes knocking on my car to tell me to stop going while i was jammed on the pedestrian crosswalk.Labor unions are a ___________ to deal with. The place does have a Starbucks and a American Express OPEN lounge.
4	One of the best convention centers in the world because of such events as the Consumer Electronics Show, SEMA and other big conventions enjoy coming here annually. All of the hotels and casinos coordinate very well with the Las Vegas Convention Visitors Authority to provide transportation, security and traffic/pedestrian assistance.
4	This place is huge and for a convention with 120K people and millions in heavy equipment I can't think of it being anywhere else.
3	LVCC serves its purpose but that it is.  I was here for CES and perhaps that skews my view of it because CES is way too big for its own good.  My biggest complaint is that there is not enough bathrooms for how many people can fit inside the building.  The central air is also weird in there, it can go from being hot to cold without rhyme or reason.  Overall, it serves its purpose but that is about it.
4	As far as convention centers go, this place is huge and not too poorly laid out. You'll probably find it difficult to find parking. Here's a tip: drive inside by the Southhall and stay on the inner Lane. There is a parking section there for people who are working the booths. But if you go up to the parking guy and hand him a 10 in addition to the $10 it cost to park, it is likely that a spot will "open up".Otherwise you will find yourself in the parking structure across the street, so if you are a lady I suggest flat :-) The area is divided into four halls. It's actually relatively easy to navigate. The only downside is that food tends to be in the back and it closes quite early. If you're hungry, do not wait until 4 PM to go forage.Restrooms are pretty clean and layout is decent. Lighting is pretty bad, so you might feel like you've been in a dungeon for several hours.Overall as convention centers go, this is one of the better ones. There are also several local hotels that are off strip here that are pretty cheap and allow you to walk over.
2	Unorganized,I bought food from the snake shop & there aw sent a place to sit down.Employes told me to complain to management.
2	We're at the LVCC this weekend for my daughter's volleyball championship games. It's coinciding with a basketball tournament, so plenty of people.The first complaint? $65 for a spectator pass for the weekend for my family (husband, myself and son). Which would be fine if they weren't also charging $10/day for parking and if they had more concessions open. Only a coffee cart, beverage cart and Capriottis is open. Ridiculous. Charging for parking is considerably shady since we all have to drag in coolers for the girls so they have snacks and water for the tournament. I don't think we'll be participants in this tournament next year.
1	Where do I start! This  place is the biggest piece of shit convention center I have ever been too. I was here for Lightfair as an exhibitor and will never come back. They only turn on the air conditioning during the show. When you are setting up and immediately when the show is over, they turn it off. It's 100 degrees out and everyone is sweating their ass off trying to get their booths set up and torn down. The bathrooms are disgusting with piss everywhere and the whole place is just filthy. At the end of the show, our shipping crate was brought to us and looked like it was dropped off of a building. We spent at least two hours trying to repair it enough so that we could ship it back east. I took pictures of the damage and as I am doing this, some loser security guard comes over and tells me I can't take pictures and wanted me to delete them from my camera. So it's okay that everyone is taking pictures at the show, but once it's over and everyone is crating their displays, it's not? What the fuck sense does that make! I just looked at him and shook my head. Can somebody please explain their rationale for this? I can understand if I was in a strip club and I was asked not to take pictures, but this is ridiculous! As we were leaving, we gave a final double fuck you finger to the convention center. Good riddance and I will never exhibit here again!
3	Large facility was part of the tradeshow for info comm. fits a lot of people and easy transportation
2	Audio staff is awful. Ringing and feedback for most presentations or the levels were too low and the audience couldn't hear.
5	This convention center has really grown and is huge now! We had to park a bit away from the entrance, but you could go through the building all the way to the trade show floor and stay out of the heat! Also easy drop off and pick up area for vendors and visitors. Every year I go with my girlfriends to the IBS Trade Shows and it is awesome! I highly recommend the Spa & Esthetician Show more than the hair and nails. The hair show is very small in comparison to some of the shows held in CA, NY and Chicago. I am a spa junky so I love going to learn about all the new products for your skin and anti aging things! I also enjoy networking with vendors I have met over the years. I plan way in advance to attend every June. My husband has also attended trade shows over the years in this convention center and he loves the ease of getting to it from the strip! If you don't have a car, you can take the monorail. Drops you off right there!
4	The Las Vegas Convention Center is located at the end of the Strip. For the past 7 years I have been attending the bi-annual ASD convention for my parent's small general merchandise business hosted at the Las Vegas Convention Center. I am a fan of the set up, the regulations, and most importantly the organization of the ASD vendors.The way the system is set up for the ASD conventions is that the vendors are separated into three categories. 1. South hall Lower-- novelty items, hobby items, technology, and even paraphernalia2. South hall upper-- novelty items, general merchandise, military tactics and and other licensed goods3. Central hall--apparel, accessories4. North Hall-cash and carry items, jewelry and even brand name authentic jewelry In order to attend the ASD convention, you need to register your business. I'm not sure what the details are but it is definitely worth it. You can meet people from all over the world and see how businesses are done all over.
4	Almost every year, I go to Las Vegas for some kind of convention.  The first time I ever visited the Las Vegas Convention Center was about 6 weeks ago.Did I go for a convention?  Nope, I went to watch my nephew play in a youth Basketball tournament. From what I noticed, the Las Vegas Convention Center is gigantic!!  I can imagine that this place must get very busy.  That weekend we were there, only the baskeball tournament was being held so there was plenty of parking spaces.  They only had one eating spot open during our 3 day visit here.  That place was Nathan's Hot Dogs.  Best thing about the Convention Center is the location.  It is away from the hustle and bustle of the Las Vegas Strip, but not too faraway.  You can even take the monorail to get here.Hopefully, I'll be able to attend a convention here in the future.
3	Far too large for its limited parking space suffice it to say that no matter how impressive the Convention Center itself is, the infrastructure around it needs serious work - the cab lines a disaster leaving the monorail or foot as the only realistic options to arrive in a timely manner for all but the smallest of events.
4	4 days at the ASD show!  Lots of walking - make sure to wear comfortable shoes - but so great for exercise - averaged about 4000 steps a day!  Lots of different meeting spaces, and plenty of exhibit halls for all kinds of conventions and trade shows.  Friendly staff!
3	This place is big. Very, very big. I recently attended NACS, and was duly impressed by the show floor layout. However, the actual convention center seems outdated and in need of some remodeling. Meeting rooms were basic, with the attendant HVAC issues - either too cold or too hot. Ditto the show floor temps, which edged towards uncomfortably warm late in the afternoon.For this show, my company booked the adjoining hotel Westgate, which made for relatively easy access, about a fifteen minute walk to the North Hall. I'll be back next week for another show, this time staying on the Strip, so I'll report back on any issues or improvements.Restrooms are weird, location-wise, but generally clean with plenty of paper towels available. Food options are extremely limited, especially for those with allergies. If you are gluten free, remember to bring your own snacks, otherwise you'll either go hungry or have to eat offsite. If you do venture off campus for lunch, go at an off-peak time when the taxi lines are shorter.
5	For a place that handles so many people and so many conventions, expos and more this place know how to move people in and out. Now depending on the convention / expo the food can vary, and does, but I think that has to do with the event holders. This is about the convention center and it really do a great job. Thank you Las Vegas Convention Center.
4	My sixth time in town for the SEMA show and it's a great facility that has a ton of room for such a huge show
4	I was at the convention center for the 2014 Specialty Equipment Market Association  (SEMA, #SEMA2014 ).  This was the first time I had ever been to Las Vegas or this monumental event.The show is massive!  The convention center uses three large halls that span for miles!  However this review is of the center and not SEMA so I have to break them apart.  Please forgive the Bullet Point style review. Staff - The staff was definitely a presence.  There was no lack of assistance.  They were dressed distinctly and even had some signs that encouraged visitors to ask questions.  Overall the staff was friendly and helpful. 4 of 5 Cleanliness - The convention center was clean.  Bathrooms were adequate but this has to be expected with this number of visitors. 4 of 5  Crowd Control - Excellent!  The show was organized in a way that aisles were well sized for attendance.  Escalators and elevators all worked.  Stairs at all points.All of this and on premises Starbucks!  What more  can one want!
4	This Convention Center is great.  It is really clean they have food courts, starbucks and Amex Louge in the main lobby area. They have a bunch of different halls where they display the vendor booths. This place is huge so make sure you bring good shoes and a backpack. Overall experience was great time.
3	Came here to pick up our bibs, tee shirts and info for the Las Vegas Rock N Rock Marathon and Half Marathon and Half of the Half Marathon.  The flow was good and it didn't take us long to get through to get our bib and tee shirt.  There's a Starbuck's inside as well as a Amex Lounge.  It was a good first experience here and there's restrooms upstairs in case the ones downstairs have long lines.
4	Good location.  Large and easy to navigate.  Our team had no issues with set up and services.  I like the centrally located food area.  The driveway leading up to it can get crowded, so I've had to hop out early and walk.  The cab line can be a little crazy-long at times.
1	Has to be one of the worst place for a trade show. No place to sit to eat. The food is awful and you are limited to what's available to eat or drink  Bathrooms get overcrowded and filthy inside like a college football game.
