4	Decent breakfast place... not the best ever but everyone enjoyed it. I ordered the 1 2 3 combo, which was one egg (scrambled), two strips of bacon, and three pancakes.  I also got coffee, which was very tasty.The egg was really good - very creamy and fluffy.  The bacon was OK, which was a little disappointing as the menu makes it sound like the best thing ever. The pancakes were solid too, and they have four different kinds of syrup to put on - I only tried the maple though.All in all, a solid breakfast place. I'll go back for sure. Just make sure you bring cash, as they don't take credit or debit.
4	Very good service & great breakfast cooking skills for a newly opened restaurant. Only thing that would make it better is to offer morning cocktails .. Bloody Mary's, Mimosas, etc... TVs Would be useful ..  A MUST VISIT RESTAURANT :-)
3	They do not accept credit/debit cards.The food tastes fresh and flavorful, but I was very disappointed that they do not offer fresh fruit.
5	Excellent breakfast.  I've always gotten an omelet and it's one of the best I've had from a restaurant.  Hash browns were great, not greasy or overcooked.  Service was fast, attentive, and friendly.  Pretty quiet for 1pm on a Saturday (I know, breakfast, but it's Saturday!).  I want to stop back for lunch sometime, their sandwich menu looks tasty too.  Definitely recommend it.  I like the thick cut bacon.
4	They do accept credit cards now. I enjoy the breakfast food greatly, particularly the omelets and the pancakes. Coffee is quite good there as well.Only detracting a star because service is sometimes a little slow. Great people there though. I like it enough that I'm a regular there.
4	Super decent place to eat. I was there for lunch n had the chicken fried with veggies n mashed potatoes n I was pretty satisfied. Restaurant was pretty clean n the staff was good. I would recommend it to a friend.
5	I ordered the 1-2-3  (one egg, two sausages, and three pancakes) and it was delicious!  The pancakes were the best, fresh and fluffy.  I went in the afternoon when the place was pretty empty, but I thought the service was really fast.
4	Went there around noon on a Sunday. The place was pretty empty, but the service was fast and friendly. Got the just eggs with pancakes. It was good, but A LOT of food. Only complaint I have is the syrup was rather watered down. Otherwise everything was great. Will definitely go back since it's so close. Will try lunch food next time though.
3	We went there last Sunday. It was ok. The bacon was extremely thick and very tough to chew. My hashbrowns were not crispy enough either. My son liked his pancakes well enough and my boyfriend thought his food was ok. The waiter was very good though which is why it gets three stars vs two. The restaurant itself is very spacious, almost too much so. I would not make a special trip and doubt we would be back. But if you're going to west towne mall and looking for a non-chain for breakfast you may give it a try.
