5	Well if you like your herbs and garden - you will love this place.Cola, tangerine and hazelnut are just some of the wonderful types of parangolia species.  I've never seen so many varieties of rosemary, thyme, lavender and mint!  Strawberry Mint - oh my!  Look I could go on abiut the amount of different types for days on here but i think you lot would get a bit tired if I did that!  But you get the gist of it.Moving on you get to sit in the green houses on comfortable sofas with tea and cake from the shop.  The shop has a great range of goods from trout pate to vegetables.  They have also got a furniture section where the items have been reclaimed and up for sale, but couldn't see any prices on them.It was the first day of opening for them and they were still runing around finishing off jobs but they were all super duper friendly and passionate as i asked them about what herb works best for my garden!  I can see myself going bonkers buying herbs - yes bonkers!Whats more they will be selling fruit trees and lots more in the coming months - there is so much potential!It's run by a Husband and Wife - and they are super nice too!
5	I'd heard about the recently opened Secret Herb Garden through twitter, so decided to pay it a visit on Saturday. Located in damhead, near the hillend ski slope it's a combination of herb garden (not just a clever name) and small tearoom and deli. After spending ages deliberating what to buy we picked up a few random potted herbs which are very reasonably priced.  They have a vast range of herbs in a massive greenhouse which you can walk around, not just your standard run of the mill basil and rosemary, but many variations and more 'medicinal herbs'.  One such herb that caught my is the Strawberry Mint - it smelled wonderful and I know I am likely to visit again to pick up a pot! We also treated ourselves to tea and cake in the tearoom, I had a delicious Carrot Cake with an Orange and violet Frosting, and I went for the Scotch Grey Tea, their take on an Earl Grey but with Heather rather than Bergamot.  They have teamed up with Pekoe Teas to create their own blends as well.  You can enjoy your tea and cake either in the deli or in the greenhouse on the armchairs that are scattered about. A great little spot with lovely friendly owners, definitely worth a visit!
4	Really liked the Secret Herb garden! Popped out here on a dreich day to check out what was on offer. No herbs bought this time but I plan on bringing family members with gardens here to pick out some unusual herbs.As Emma has noted - cola, tangerine and hazelnut scents. It really is a pity that reviews don't come with added smellivision as it was amazing wandering round and sticking our noses in herbs. The strawberry mint would be perfect in a fruity mojito. It is that kind of place that makes you think about what fits where ingredient wise. There is also a cute shop with coffee and cakes and various deli items. Not the cheapest for the deli items but some unusual, Scottish produced items so worth it for the availablity. I liked how you can sit in the cafe but also outside in the greenhouses on reclaimed furniture (yep, more reclaimed furniture but it fits here) with your coffee and cakes. There is GF cake available - usually at least two options but they were low when I was in. There's also seating for small people too as well as small people gardening accessories which are very cute.So 4 stars from me till I sample the coffee and cake, but I'll definitely be back!
5	I'll probably just repeat what has already been said here but... the Secret Herb Garden really is a brilliant place.It's in the former location of Damhead Organics and, while it has benefited from the infrastructure that was already in place, they've made leaps and bounds in putting up new polytunnels and getting new ground under cultivation. The cafe is small but sells lovely coffee, teas (including fresh home made herbal types), cakes, quiche, and the aforementioned fabulous flower filled salads. There is however quite a lot of seating in the flower-filled greenhouse which is also very child-friendly.They've got chickens and quails (which presumably help with the quiche making) as well as pigs. They're also selling Scottish heritage varieties of fruit trees, so I know where I'll be going when we get more apple trees in this winter. My favourite bit is the bee observatory, as well as (of course) their absolutely fantastic honey that was so popular last year it sold out before Christmas and won't be available again until around September. It's a great place to visit but I think what really makes it stand out are the owners. You often find the wife in the cafe though she also works out with the plants. The husband is always out in the garden- working and interacting with customers. It's the hard work and dedication displayed by both of them that makes this place really magical.
3	The average rating for this place make sense, given by default.  There just aren't many other (if any) greenhouses housing quaint home-styled cafes in main cities like Edinburgh.  I suppose that is the main draw.  The bigger seating area outside hosts around it, a few varieties of herbs and its species.  Its a cute concept and the main conservatory functions as a gazebo with a mini walk around path.  Elderflower tea was aromatic, better than generic tea.  Pretty lavender cupcakes were enticing enough for me to get one.  The cake itself was delicious but icing and flower garnish were more for decoration than taste.  As a whole, 'eh' and for three quid I'd pass with a 'nay'.  Disappointing that I didn't get to try the herb flower salad since there were strands of tangled hair with my leaves.  When I took it back, the other staff were apologetic yet the one who took our orders and brought the food was too preoccupied to care.  Cafe was not bad, decent but we were let down with the herb garden.  A place calling itself THE Secret herb Garden has upped the ante.  Yet the variant range of potted plants while respectively classed, did not make up for the sore lack of more that was expected.  Not bad,good for families with children & class sessions in their "school"would probably only be back if an idyllic summertime provides an optimistic outlook.A-ok but maybe not for me.
