4	Every time I'm in Carefree, I must eat some vegetable egg foo yung from China Joy. Everything else I've eaten here over the years is good too but for some reason, which maybe has it's roots in my love of eggs, I just can't get enough of it. Other noteable dishes include the szechuan chicken with its light and tangy, but not too sweet sauce. As an added bonus, there are always fried wontons with sweet and sour sauce waiting for you on the table.There was a steady stream of people getting take-out and it was pretty early when I was there last. I've done takeout and they tell you twenty minuteson the phone, but the food is always there waiting for me by the time I get there. There is prompt service when you eat in as well.
1	This chinese restaraunt was overly priced, had horrible service, overall bad experience. I would recommend going to PF Changs or Pei Wei for the money.
1	China "Joy" was purchased from the previous owners approx. 2008 and it went from "not bad" to "not so good."  It seems every dish floats in a sea of some sort of salty mystery spooge.  But the most memorable thing is the pissy attitude of the owner / hostess / server.  My wife's body had forced her into a restrictive diet and there simply were things she could NOT eat.  But -- you guessed it -- stating her needs and hoping for a positive response was NOT what China Joyless is about.  It's more like "You no like -- tough misfortune cookie! Buh-bye now!"
2	When we first started coming here the food was great. The service was always just ok. Lately I feel like the food is going downhill and with just ok service we've stopped going.
1	Ignored the reviews here. Went anyway. Now I regret it.
3	CJ is within walking distance from my office. I'm sure as hell not going there for the ambiance or friendly service. It's good Chinese food. Would I travel from Tempe to eat here? No. It's like every family owned, neighborhood Chinese place---you eat, pay and get out. And enjoy your Chinese fixI personally enjoy that the owner is also the hostess, the server, the chef, the cashier. There's something comic about it or maybe it's just that she's a bit of a character. Whatever it is, she's a "Joy." China "Joy?"
3	I love Chinese food and eat at different Asian restaurants quite often.  Considering the neighborhood this place is in, I paid what I would expect to pay for Chinese dinner.  I had Kung Pao Chicken and egg drop soup.  The service was great and the food was good.  I had enough left over for a full lunch tomorrow.  The atmosphere is sorta formal with white table cloths and cloth napkins.  I have had much worse Chinese food from other places.  I will go back if I have the chance.
3	Last week our family took out from China Joy.  Overall I think we all liked the food.  Some in our party were a little put off by the elevated spiciness of the hot & sour soup, but I was fine with it.  As hot & sour soups go I thought it tasted pretty good, and I consider myself an expert on the subject...  We also had an appetizer assortment which was also pretty good as well as a chow mein.What prompted me to YELP China Joy, however, was the prodigious volume of mayonnaise on the walnut prawns.  Curiously this dish is not on the menu I'm looking at online, so either the menu is old or China Joy improvised the dish when we ordered it off-menu unbeknownst.  While maybe not one of the great mysteries of our age, here's what we know: we ordered it, we ate it and it jiggled with excessive mayonnaise. This had to have been a mistake - they can't possibly serve this dish like that on a regular basis.Overall, the food was fine, but please tell the Chef to go light on the mayo if you order walnut prawns.
5	having been going here for a while. Parents use to have a house in cave creek area so this was one of our stops. The owners are very friendly and know us bye name as we use to be regulars before moving further away from the area. We have had always great experience when here. The best time to get here is right when there open they tend to get a little busy for dinner.
5	If you are tired of franchised Chinese food that all tastes the same try this Chinese restaurant. White table clothes with hot tea and fried won tons remind me of Chinese restaurants before Pei Wei and P.F. Chang's. My boyfriend is an Asian foodie and loves this place.
4	Our first meal was a treat.  Not too adventuresome, we ordered Cashew chicken and Moo Shu pork.  Reasonably priced, they came with rice and there was enough to take home for a second meal.  Based on some of the reviews we were expecting the multi-functional owner to be difficult, but she couldn't have been nicer.The place is clean and quiet, and it even came with table cloths that were changed after each sitting.We will be back.
3	Nice atmosphere, service by the owner is very unfriendly, she does not suggest anything or help in any way.  The food is fine, but everything is very greasy and extremely salty here and we ordered over five different dishes.  The pricing was a bit high for what you get, and I would go to Sesame Inn before this place which is near this place. Our group is not going back, but I think a person who is not too discerning would like this place just fine.
4	Ordered the Szechuan chicken and Hot and Sour soup both were delicious. The Szechuan chicken had plenty of white meat chicken. I only wish the vegetables had been sliced smaller and the dish was slightly less sweet, but I still thought it was good. The soup was full of shredded pork and veggies. Can't wait to try more from the menu.
