3	I have found some really great stuff at this location over the years.  Name brand, practically new, great stuff that I imagine the hoighty-toighty people of Arcadia and Biltmore areas drop off.But it's always incredibly busy.  And crowded with so much stuff.  And unorganized because of the previous two things.  If you have the patience, it's well worth the hassle.FYI - Today there was an upright piano for $400 if anyone is so inclined.
2	I'm a thrift store junkie and this particular Goodwill location is just junkie. I've never really been impressed with the finds at this location and it has that stale grandma's dead cat smell when you walk in. That being said, they seem to have an OK selection of older furniture if you're looking for something to fix up or paint. You should really go to the one on 20th St. & Indian School if you're in this area. They just built that one about a year and a half ago and it's clean and has great stuff.
2	i don't shop retail unless it's dire, so i have don't my share of digging at thrift stores... and i give props to the good ones.this particular goodwill is RIGHT by my house, so i have stopped in on several occasions.  i have found a few good things here, but on the whole have been disappointed by the selection.  it's pretty disorganized and the selection is very... tired?  yeah, tired.  i get that thrift stores sell used stuff.  i do.  i get that.  but this stuff all seemed like it might be on its third or fourth go-round on the thrift store racks.
1	I'm Sorry to say..But this store is just Nasty!!
1	I love thrift stores but I'll take my chances elsewhere from this Goodwill location. It is very stereotypical of what you would think a thrift store is:  filthy, cluttered, disorganized, musty smelling, pure junk clothing, and men who will stare you down while you shop. Good luck trying to find any decent furniture, even some that you don't mind re-finishing! There was not even a couple of nice basic pieces that I could take home and work with. I understand that some people might not have an option, but if you have a car with gas in it go somewhere else. The prices are pretty much the same as a nicer Savers or the like.
1	This Goodwill is a disgusting, stinky, disorganized, picked over mess.  I have never found something that was even worth the trip here.  Skip this one and go to the one at 16th Street and Indian School Road.  Trust me, you'll thank me later.
4	I'm surprised at the low ratings for this location. I have shopped Goodwills across the Valley and don't see how this one is much different from the rest. It is what it is. I shop at this Goodwill a few times a month because I live nearby in South Arcadia. I'm always looking for bargains and things I might be able to use in my classroom.The only negative so far happened on my last visit when some guy feverishly kept straightening the books and videos while I was browsing through them. He was always near me and in my way. I didn't know if he worked there or just wanted to, but I let him do his thing to avoid the drama.Teachers get a 25% discount on Sundays if you show your school id...oh...and seniors (55+) get the same discount on Tuesdays.
4	Pros: Easy donation drop off. Contentious employees. Cons: Scary neighborhood.
4	Not sure why all the low ratings for this Goodwill!  For a 50% off day this past Saturday, this Goodwill was CLEAN  and the employees were really helpful (getting a cart for me to put a sleeping Baby C's car seat in).   I usually go to the Goodwill in Tempe off Scottsdale Rd and the 202, but it is like a madhouse - top things are it being messy (especially on 50% off days) and being solicited by people in the parking lot.  I'll come to this location instead.
4	Well I think I just found my favorite thrift store in midtown Phoenix.  They have name brand cloths, the store was really clean, the staff was really friendly and they have at least 4 hooks in the dressing to hang your clothes on.  It is always nice to have a couple of hooks in the dressing room.  Most of the other thrift stores in midtown only have one hook or none at all in the dressing rooms. The funny thing is that I did not even know this thrift store was here, until I saw a reopening sign a couple of months ago.  Also the downside on this store is that it is kind a far from my house.  But it is totally worth coming to now.  Even on half off days.  While if you like going to thrift stores for great deals you should totally come here.
5	Others must have agreed since this location has blessedly been shut down and moved to a new location on the other side of the same strip mall.  And, for what it's worth, the new location of this store is MUCHO BETTERO!  I go here a lot now and I love the new location!  Thank you for closing the old one and opening the new one!
4	There new location is nicer than the prior Thos Rd store. Usually have a decent book selection. Always pleasant. Pricing appears to be consistant.
