1	The only good thing about 5th Element is that they take debit & credit at the door. I didn't mind the $10 cover charge (I was in a really good mood) what bothered me was the dusty smell hanging around the interior entry. What was that? Do they not open those sections enough? Are they dusty? Do they need a mop? I have questions.I should have known that the crowd there was too ratchet for my tastes when I drove by and saw several young men in athletic shoes loitering outside. That was red flag 1...The rest of the flags include young women wearing what is clearly lingerie as though it's a whole outfit, young men wearing fitted caps inside the establishment, and a bar that doesn't even pretend to be fully stocked.Anyway... They have an attractive bartender who was being appropriately flirty. He asked what we wanted to drink, my friend said "shooters, surprise us" - The result of this exercise in cuteness was a horribly proportioned mix of Ciroc peach, Sprite, cranberry, and pineapple. 3 of those things aren't even alcohol. That is not a shooter. Also, it tastes like delusions of grandeur and mis-educated youth.This is why people who bartend aren't supposed to go to places like this. We told him it was awful, he told us it was 16 dollars and refused to make anything else until we paid.We left.  And we won't be back. I strongly recommend that you not go in the first place. Save yourself the trouble.
4	I was on my way to Crave when I noticed 5th Element, I have passed it before on non weekends but never noticed that it was a club. I had heard that it can be somewhat ratchet at times , but we were looking for something to do and got in free... so why not! I didn't really venture too far out of VIP but for the most part it was a nice spot, the crowd seemed a bit like they go out every weekend to places like this. I ended up having a good time, the DJ had some technical issues for a while but other than that the music was good , the drinks I had were ok. It's pretty open and wide and not crowded or a sweat box like others I have been to in the area. Overall I would try this place again when I feel like going to an actual club..Oh I got in free but I have heard that they charge 10-20 bucks , not sure if 20 bucks is worth it , there is also parking across the street and to the right of the building for like 3 bucks, although I parked across the street and didn't pay and didn't get a tix! Oh just an fyi this is more of a hip hop/r&b  well I will just say it black club if anybody is wondering lol at least the night I went .
1	CIAA reviewI had a really bad experience at 5th Element during a CIAA day party.  They were just entirely too disorganized for my taste.  To start off they had no concept on how to let a group of people into an establishment.  There was chaos as to where you should line up, what line you should be in and no concept of fairness when it comes to getting in.As with most CIAA events my group and I got our tickets in advance, the day of the party was wet, rainy and sleet falling.  We get in line outside of the building and the line is not moving instead the security is telling everybody we aren't letting you in unless you do exactly what we say but then they didn't tell us what we needed to do to get in.  So there are three different lines going on and the security was randomly picking who should be allowed in with no rhyme or reason.  Some people were in line for 45 minutes and they would let people who just walked up in, finally after getting soaked, the security finally decided I guess we did the right thing to let us in.If the club was nice I wouldn't have minded the wait but the club was wack, two floors, oddly spaced out and no real fun at all.Bathrooms were flithy as well, I mean how hard is it to send a cleaning person in every once and awhile to clean the place up.Totally disappointed with my time at 5th Element and I have no plans of returning.
