5	I have been going to Faith Fitness Studio for 8 months now. It has really been life changing!  I was very active before but was just not getting the results I wanted by going to bigger gyms and classes like that. I was super intimidated to go to a personal trainer. Working with Emmett is very challenging but also super fun. There is a lot of variety and he keeps changing it up to continue pushing your results! Having small group class options and other options is a bonus! If you are considering it at all just go...you will be so glad you did!
5	I have been attending Bootcamp at Faith Fitness Studio now for 8 months. Since then, I have lost 30+ lbs and look forward to attending class twice per week. Emmet has encouraged me every step of the way and was an integral part in helping me reach my fitness goals! I also thank the support and encouragement of his clients and my fellow bootcamp participants for motivating and inspiring me along the way. I competed in my first Figure Show in May '14 and I plan on competing in other shows as I continue to meet my fitness goals. There truly is a team environment at Faith Fitness Studios. I highly recommend those who want to live a healthier/fit lifestyle to join. You won't be disappointed :-)
5	Emmitt and his staff at Faith Fitness Studio are true professionals. Emmitt took his time getting to know my current fitness level (conversation and measurements taken) and then slowly worked me into a routine based on my goals, that has put me in the best shape of my life. It is not just weights. Emmitt encourages healthy nutrition, cardiovascular activity, proper posture, etc. that encompasses fitness. I will warn you. Do not pursue a relationship with this gym unless you are serious about sticking to a fitness program and proper nutrition. They do not expect perfection but you must be IN IT TO WIN IT! Complainers be warned! Emmitt keeps it fun and always incorporates new exercises to keep the muscles/body guessing. Don't get me wrong... You do not have to be a professional body builder but be ready to go when you call. Faith Fitness Studio will be the best move you make this year! #LifeChanger
