5	Perfection! This hidden gem that has been here for years is truly "As good as it gets!". The orange beef is filled with beautiful and toothsome orange pieces. My partner swears by their General Tao and has his entire office hooked. They no longer order '"Chinese", they order "Fang Chi". The variety and number of dishes available will please your taste buds and your wallet. The cashew chicken is filled with surprises as their simple won-ton soup is (actually) filled with won-ton! A must try are their fried bananas for dessert. Their delivery range is small(ish) but you can always pick-up tremendous meals to take home.
4	Chantonese Cow Mein anyone?You read right.  This place is so good it has me tongue-tied.  From the General Tao to the Peanut butter dumplings, hot and sour soup, chicken in red curry, orange beef ...oh yeah awesome. Seriously, I order from this place at least once a week,and if you order from the combination menu you get a main, a won ton soup, rice and spring roll for $9.95!Trust me, once you try it you might be saying Duhan Humplings.fuggedaboutit!
4	Fang Chi was a nice surprise for me.  I stopped by here for dinner on my first night in town, directly after dropping my stuff off at the loft and checking Yelp for a good restaurant.  After looking at the menu, I decided to eat at the restaurant rather than take it back to the loft, so I sat down and was treated to a complimentary pot of hot green tea.  The General Tao chicken (so ordered based on the previous reviews) was a huge platter of breaded and fried chicken soaking in a delicious dark sauce.  I didn't expect it to be breaded, since when I usually get it elsewhere it isn't, but the flavor was definitely there (although the spice was conspicuously absent; perhaps the little chili should be removed from beside the item description on the menu) and I managed to suppress the guilt of eating a huge platter of fried stuff.  The white rice was a perfect consistency for chopsticks, although there were no chopsticks at the table.The second visit was a take-out order of Szechuan Beef with white rice and a side order of the Hunan Dumplings (again, credit goes to previous reviews for this selection).  The beef was, as with the chicken previously, flavorful and delicious -- but again, lacking the heat implied by that little chili next to the description.The Hunan Dumplings... well, I think I actually saw stars when I bit into the first one.  Admittedly, I'm a sucker for a good peanut sauce.  Put me in any decent Thai or Vietnamese restaurant with summer rolls on the menu, and after I've finished devouring them a trained eye might see an expression come across my face as I consider whether or not it would be considered bad manners to just grab the little bowl of peanut sauce and lick it clean.Those dumplings are what dreams are made of. Delicious, flavorful, sticky, peanut-flavored dreams.
1	the food is typical to excellent in person, BUT, the delivery is glacial, hopeless really. Give it a pass if you want to eat hot food this evening.
