5	Love the effing QT!! Gas, Brats, Cheetos and Monster! And you can take a leak without getting any STD's. Love this place.
5	Little bit of back story. I grew up in Tucson. We had Circle K's (Ok) and Quickmarts (Usually Ghetto). We had nothing like QT so when I moved to Phoenix and found my first one I thought to myself what is this beverage heaven? I was instantly hooked. Fast forward 7 years later, still my favorite place for a quick snack and pick me up drink but the novelty has worn off, yes I'm spoiled, sue me.So I happen to be over at Raising Canes (next door to brand new shiny QT), and I need to fill up the car. I pull in and see the building is oval and their are chairs and tables outside. Hmmmm, OK I'm intrigued. Then I see a sign that says Soft Serve Cones. (HELLO ICE CREAM!)Walk in this place, they have soft serve machines, a smoothie and tea bar, it is absolutely out of this world. QT raised the bar on itself. I can only hope this is a new store they are testing the layout on and that they will continue to make more stores like this and possibly look into revamping some of the older ones.Good Job QT! You have exceeded expectations again!!
5	My teenager said "This is the best QT in the world!"  It is truly Beverage Heaven, which is a must in hot old Phoenix, but we also enjoyed an inexpensive breakfast with lots of choices.  I love this store.
5	I like this new store.  I don't like that drinks are on opposite sides of the store (teas on one side and soda/frozen drinks on the other).  They need to get the 44oz and 52 oz in styrofoam, and lower the pricing to the same as plastic.  Circle K has 44 oz styro everyday.  I get my cups there, refill them at QT.  Or bring my 52 oz QT cups back for refills.Fast service as expected, same as in other QTs.  Sometimes there's only 1 cashier when there's a line. They are sometimes a little slow getting additional cashiers up there.
2	I love quick trip. Clean bathrooms and free air for your tires if you have a flat. But on 3 different occasions I have been to this particular QT and all the gas pumps were shut down. 1st time I was told there was a gas spill. I thought ok - no big deal. But the other 2 times after that I was not sure I'd be able to make it to another gas station because I was on empty and this happened to be the nearest QT at the time. QT must not care how much business they lose when the pumps are shut down for prolonged amounts of time. This location is right off the freeway so the next closest gas station is a mile or more away.
5	Wow. Fast is an understatement.  Two cashiers, two terminals, handling two customers at once - one on each side.  This is their business model - awesome!Step up to a terminal by the donuts and order a fresh hot pretzel - done in two mintuesI have seen elaborate coffee stations but I was in love when I saw their elaborate TEA station.  SWEET!  My favorite.  Hot tea, iced tea, flavored tea, brewed tea, boxed jarred and sunned tea.  I think I will quit my professional job and work at a QT if they ever come to Michigan.  :)
5	Hands down the nicest q-trip i've been too! Looks new and reminds me of an east coast fancier version of wawa! They have lots of food, a snack bar and tons of candy!! It's an amazing 7-11 on steroids!
5	stop by for a soda, an awesome hot dog bar was abundant with accesories.so nice we decided to stay an eat at one of the benched umbrella tablesthe best diner and a show without going to walmart.love the "sausage" a.k.a. brat
5	I know its just a gas station, but this has to be the cleanest Qt I have ever been to.
4	My husband and I were on vacation in Arizona and needed some hotel snacks. We pulled into this store and were shocked! Its a typical convenience store and then some!! They have a wall of slushies (sugar free options, too!), wall of jerky (every flavor, size, type), beer (alot), nacho bar, some sort of counter where you can order REAL food from (I didnt stop to see the menu since they were closed and it was late), specialty hot dogs on the weiner cooker, several types of hot coffee, fresh brewed iced teas...The list goes on. What I liked best was the hot dog toppings! They had fresh sport chilis, little yellow chilis, onions, relish, ketchup, tapatio, etc...I know all stores offer this, but this store was super clean. There wasn't food splashed everywhere. I don't drink soda, so the freshly brewed iced tea was a nice treat!! There were even chairs outside where you can snack, smoke or just take a break. The workers were friendly and courteous. I wish we had a place like this back home!
5	Like always Q.T delivers ! Metro center is a little run down and the area is not to good but not horrible. But put a Q.T in and people will come. Smiling faces , clean bathrooms and convienant locations make Q.T unbeatable . PLEASE OPEN MORE!!!
