3	I am all for supporting new businesses, I really am, so I gave this place a shot.  The groom was ok, but nothing to write home about.  I will likely only return if my regular groomer doesn't have availability.
5	Robyn does an amazing job. I have been going to her for years and do happy that she opened her own store. She is so good with my dog Zoe and I recommend her to everyone!
5	I purchased a Groupon online and redeemed today (7.28.12).  I just picked my little nugget up and I had to come home and post a review.  This salon just opened a few months ago and while I don't live anywhere NEAR this place....I will NEVER go anywhere else.  It's a bit of a hike from my house (20-30 minutes), but I love how my dog looked and how he acted when I came to pick him up. He is older and usually super stressed when I would pick him up from my old groomer.  He would be shaking, drooling, and completely worn out.  At Shaggy Shaggy Shake he walked out happy as a clam and as calm as can be.  I love that they don't put the dogs in cages at this salon and the fact that they offer therapeutic massages.  I wouldn't trust anyone else with my dog! This is my new groomer! Thank you ladies! It was a pleasure meeting you!
4	As a first time dog owner I was extremely pleased with the custom service at Shaggy Shaggy Shake!! I adopted an adorable little Yorkie from the pound and you could tell he was a pound puppy!! He looked (and smelt)  like he had never been given any type of bath! I showed up a little bit before the store opened, and to my surprise a friendly lady walked outside to let me know that they were already inside if I wanted to come in. They were great with my pup, and called me less then two hours later to tell me he was ready! When I showed up to pick him up not only did he look adorable (clean fur, great cut, clean teeth and a bandana!), the groomer took time from what I could tell was a very busy work day to show me a few pictures of my pup being friendly with some of the other dogs there! I LOVE that he was given that opportunity since he wasnt in a cage!  I 100% plan on this being my regular groomer!
3	Our dog needed a haircut so we bought the deal on Groupon and decided to try this place out. The people seemed to be nice but I did not like the quality of the groom at all. It was not even, it did not look like a professional haircut. It was just an ugly haircut! There is a chance that they were too busy because of the groupon deal, howeer; it just was not a good haircut.For $20, I have no complain. I can laugh about her looks but if I was paying the full price, I'd be disappointed. If they had the same groupon deal again, I'd be happy to go back.
4	My cockapoo needed groomed and I found a groupon for Shaggy Shaggy Shake so we decided to try it out.  I was very pleased with the groom-a lot of places I have taken her to leave random spots that I have to clean up or even out, but not so in this case.  No nicks or cuts either.  The little pompoms they put on the ears are really cute, and there are no cages, which she was happy about.  Overall good experience and we will likely be back-just wish it was a little closer to us!
5	Its wonderful to find a groomer that will love and treat your pet as you do yourself, and that is exactly what they do at Shaggy Shaggy Shake do.  Try them one time and you will keep coming back, you and your pet(s) will be soooooo happy.
4	I brought my dog in here for the first time today .Since this was his first experience with a groomer, I'm sure he wasn't easy .They were very good with my dog and quickly put him at ease. Before I knew it she was calling to say he was ready.When I got there he was just playing in the back area.He looks really cute and I will definitely be be back.
5	Robin is amazing!  I've dropped my dog off to multiple groomers and have never felt comfortable when I picked him up.  He always looked stressed and was so thirsty.  Robin doesn't kennel the dogs and he is free to roam until I pick him up... He is always so happy when I pick him up and looks amazing.  I always get compliments about how cute he is.  (He's a Bichon Frise).  Thanks Robin :)
4	My dog smells Nice and he didn't come out all exhausted after the whole grooming process. The lady was very nice gave my dog a nice holistic treat and my he was happy :) and I was too thanks to the groupon deal. Will recommended to anyone.
5	My cat had a lion cut done here today. I have no complaints. I bought the groupon for $39 which included the bath, nails done, ears clean, shave down, and nether regions shaved. He looks good and my baby came back all calm with no signs of stress. They said they will do returning groupon customers for $50 upon returning. Great price! Also I called the day before and they were able to get my cat in the next day. I was calling around petsmart for 2 weeks and nobody had openings that far in advance. Great place!
5	I've been struggling with finding grooming places in Vegas.Couldn't find good place for my dogs until I found Saggy Shaggy Shake.I've been going to that place for about a year now.. Their service is great and they know what they're doing.Staffs are so nice and very professional.I live about 35 mins away from this place but it is worth it to go there!I highly recommend this place!
5	Took my dog to get groomed here yesterday for the first time. We just walked in. They did a really good job. She even had pink hair accessories when I picked her up about 3 hours later. It was cheap too!
5	We have been taking our dogs to Shaggy Shaggy Shake since October 2012. Our dogs always look great and smell clean when we come to get them. Their haircuts and accessories always are adorable. The staff is very friendly and so patient. We like that our pets are playing with other pets when we come to pick them up. We really like giving them our business. I like that they are not in a kennel when we drop them off and pick them up.
5	After being turned away for same day service from my 2 regular places, I found this shop, and I'm glad I did! The grooming is quality as I'd expect, but what really stuck out for me was the friendliness of the staff and owner, and the 'family style' environment. The dogs aren't kenneled like at other groomers, they all run around and have doggie play time while they wait to be worked on. They also do doggie day care there, so it's like dropping your pup off at the dog park for a few hours, and he comes back smelling clean and looking good! Rates are fair, and the work is quality. I will be returning again, and am considering her for my long-term pet sitting needs as well.
5	You love your pet. You want the best for your dog or cat, don't you? The employees at Shaggy Shaggy Shake love animals. They work there out of their love for animals. I took my cat, Little Boy, in to get shaved. He looked great after he got a Lion's Cut. But they did much more than just shave him. They vacuum out his carrier and put a cool scarf/collar on him without any additional charge! Let's talk about price. I have had Little Boy shaved at several locations around Las Vegas. Shaggy Shaggy Shake had the best price of all the places I have used. I highly recommend this place!
5	If I could give more stars I would. We have been taking our dogs to Robin for years and all I can say is if you love your pet, want only the best and want someone you can trust to provide quality service and take excellent care of your pet, visit Robin and the team at Shaggy Shake. Even if you live on the opposite side of town she is well worth the drive. We have a Chihuahua who was abused  before we adopted him and Robin is the ONLY groomer who can handle him...or should I say who he lets handle. She has a magic touch and has developed a relationship where he trusts her. Our other dogs are very energetic and when we pick them up I'm amazed at how happy they are and how well behaved they have been while at Shaggy Shake. The quality of the groom is excellent but the service and love of pets is what makes Shaggy Shake above the rest. Try them you will not be disappointed!
5	This is not the closest place to my home, but the drive is definitely worth it!My dog goes in and comes out looking happy. Like other reviewers have stated, dogs here aren't kenneled, so my dog gets to socialize along with getting groomed. This place definitely feels like a family business which makes it feel really genuine. I've also gotten same day service, which I didn't know was possible anywhere.For all of the perks that come with taking my dog here, I can't believe how amazing their pricing is! They are super affordable and are experts! I love they way they make my dog look!
5	Great experience!  From drop off to check out & head to tail; we could not be more pleased with the service and the great grooming on Little Lulu. She came home cuter than ever with her typical spunky personality, unlike her visit to a different groomer. We have found a great gem; thank you Robin!  P.S.The cute accessories (feathers to match the hair) are such a cute bonus
5	Our tiny dogs are always a bit timid about grooming, as I'm sure many pets are.  The team at Shaggy is an absolute pleasure. They are gentle and kind, prices are more than fair. We love that the doggies get to play with other doggie-clients. They come home clean and trimmed, but best of all HAPPY!!!!  We love Shaggy Shaggy Shake!!
5	I have been taking my golden and lab here for almost a year about every two weeks and it is the best groomers in town. Reasonably priced (I pay $120 including tip for both of them) and they do a really fantastic job. My dogs come back happy, the smell and look great, and a little pooped out from all of the excitement of hanging out with the other dogs there. I highly recommend them and I'm glad to have found them.
