3	Let me clarify my stars:  This place is 3.5 rather than a flat 3.I've never tried the noodle dishes (that I can remember), because every time I go the fresh spring rolls call my name.  Or maybe it's just the wet cilantro squeaking around in it...I just happened to be in the neighborhood and had a craving for something light and fresh.  Now, had it been a few years back, I probably would have given the extra half a star.  However, a few things have changed with that little spring roll.  There's a lot of lettuce in it now, which is strange.  More lettuce seems a little skimpy to me.  I wished there would have been more carrot and pickled jicama in it, but there were only a couple of pieces here and there.  No bean sprouts, and very little rice noodle.  The lettuce  washed out some of the shrimp flavor. Still, it was pretty tasty and the peanut sauce was really part of my craving, and that definitely hasn't changed - sweet and just a little spicy.The Thai Tea was amazing and as refreshing as the spring roll.  Thai Tea is my old new best friend.The little lady behind the counter is very nice and threw in a few almond cookies for us.So my rating is lacking experience in most of the menu, but the spring rolls are still some of the best I've had in town.  Still can't beat my momma's rolls with my daddy's fish sauce!
4	When ever I eat at Saigon Bowl, aka Dong Phuong, I usually order Bun with Beef or Chicken, however this time I broke my habit and decided to enjoy a bowl of Pho.. In essence Pho is a big bowl of Noodles filled up with some sort of broth accompanied with some protein, and fresh herbs on the side.  The Pho Tai was the perfect choice for a healthy, light and flavor-full lunch and for less than seven bucks it certainly beats the usual fast food suspects.Saigon Bowl gets thumbs up from me!
3	Adequate and really fast Chinese and Vietnamese food.It's okay, not fabulous, but at least it's not greasy.  The Broccoli Chicken was kind of bland and a little sweet, but definitely edible.  I'll give them another chance because it's so conveniently located between the school's clinic and the school and because it was incredibly slow and therefore very quick at 5PMThe bathroom was clean.
4	My first Vietnamese food place. It's still my favorite. The bun and pho are awesome, as are the salad rolls. I'd avoid the Chinese style dishes, as no one I know that has tried them found them interesting in any way. The pho tai is my usual choice, and the broth is never greasy as I've found with some places. I usually ask for the bun with only chicken as I'm not a huge fan of pork and it's never a concern. The salad rolls are a must. Crispy and fresh! Your drink will probably be empty often, but though that's usually my pet peeve, I tolerate it here. I wish they were open later than 8 pm.
2	I tried this place for lunch because it was close to work. I love pho, and was happy that this was so accessible for me. I won't be coming back though, so I suppose accessibility doesn't matter.The pho broth was tasteless, with very little good meat bits. Usual accompaniments (bean sprouts, jalapeno, hoisin sauce, sriracha, basil, etc.) were either below par or missing entirely. Our table was filthy, the floor was sticky, and the whole experience was generally unpleasant.  The spring rolls were pretty good, but not worth the rest of the experience.If you can, go to Pho Ao Sen.
3	I got the pho with tendon and tripe. It was pretty good but had alot of chopped up herbs and greens in the bowl when it came out. I've never seen that before with any other bowl anywhere I've eaten, it wasn't a bad thing, just a bit different and added some flavour into the soup. Its pretty close to work so I'll probably be back somewhat frequently.
4	I personally love this place and drive from the far north valley to eat here.  Although, I have to say I've only ordered one thing: Hui Tiu Dai (sp?).   The rice noodles are always perfectly cooked and the flavors in the broth never fight each other.  So far it's the only place I've found with broth this good.  The place located in a small strip center and is very modest, but the staff is always friendly and attentive.
3	09/07/10Came here on a coworker's suggestion.  He made sure I understood him when he said it was a dive.  Yes, Bill, I get it.  Once that was out of the way, he then said that this is where his family went for good noodles at least three times a month.  He's right- SB doesn't have much of an atmosphere, and it soon became clear that the majority of their business was in takeout sales (many were college students or middle-aged males).  So busy in fact, that my simple order of crab puffs and combo (beef and pork) noodles took longer than I'd expected (20-25 minutes).  The crab puffs were actually decent-- I would've preferred a toastier look.  However, they were nicely crisped, and not too greasy.  That is, after I'd toss them over a few hundred paper towels.  The noodles were tasty, and I preferred the saltier pork over the sweet beef.  (If only the noodle dish I ordered at China Magic the next day was as tasty as this one was!)  Be sure to have someone with you to share, bec. this entree won't taste as good the next day-- the noodles dried up overnight in the fridge.
5	I was first turned onto this restaurant when I was 12 (I am now in my late 20's) or so and I have been in love ever since. My favorite dish off the menu is the Bun.. So light and cool and YUMMY! perfect for the hot summer months when a steaming hot plate of food makes you want to run away screaming.  The fresh herbs that accompany the dish are grown in the owners garden... i think they make a world of difference. This place is a dive, but is oh so worth it.
4	This is mostly Vietnamese food but the also have some Chinese dishes as well. Its not fancy but great food. I have eaten here for 10 years. I love the Kung Pow chichen!
2	Not bad food. Environment feels dirty though.
1	My family and I came across this restaurant by accident. We came in with positive attitudes and hoped for a satisfying experience. Unfortunately, we were not prepared for what we encountered. It took about forty five minutes for us to receive our food in this empty restaurant, but I hoped the food would be worth it. I ordered the sweet and sour chicken, and the chicken was smothered in sauce - being hardly edible. The grilled lemon chicken that two other family members ordered needed to be returned due to it being cold. The grilled pork was satisyingly warm in temperature, but nothing special. The server never officially took our drink order, and never came back to refill our water. This was definitely not a very pleasant experience.
4	You have to come here for the pho. Hands down!My boyfriend lives right down the street, so whenever we're hungover, feeling sick, or need our pho fix, we always come here. Sure, we've been to the Noodles Ranch up the way, but we love going to the Saigon Bowl, it's so 'Mom&Pop.'There's almost always no one else there and it looks super out dated. But we don't mind. We understand that Noodles Ranch is pricier than here mainly due to the atmosphere. But it's absolutely perfect if you just want to come in, sit down, guzzle down your pho and drench the meats in sauces and leave on a happy, full stomach while knowing you paid less than $9 bucks.The portions are large, the veggie plate served with herbs, bean sprouts, jalapenos, and limes is pretty standard and of good quality and size.  The timing was just fine (although I've ordered one of their chicken entrees before and waited just a few more minutes longer than ordering the pho) and well worth the satisfaction to follow.I've ordered just about every type of bowl of pho and have never been unhappy. Broth alone isn't anything too strong. It's light enough to have you finish the whole bowl. The meats are perfectly portioned for dipping in the sauces that are at each table and of course, the ending gulps are the most flavorful.I'll always be coming to this place so long as it's in business.
4	Nice place for a quick meal. Good selection of all kinds of noodles. Fresh ingredients, herbs are growing in the backyard. I like the way the dishes are presented with side of fresh herbs and extra sprouts, so you can adjust the content and taste of your noodle bowl to your liking.Nice and prompt service.Definitely recommended.
4	Dont let the outside fool you! This place is really good.
2	The Chicken Pho was good, but not great.  My girlfriend had the beef and meatball Pho.  It was kind of bland and she had to add a bunch of salt.  Service was good up to the point of our waitress getting off for the day.  After that we did not get any service except for the bill. Still looking for a great Pho restaurant.
4	Great little place that has really good Bun! Their Pho is also good, but the Bun is wonderful. At the office, we just send an e-mail with a subject line of "B4" (which is the Bun combo of shrimp, pork and imperial rolls) when we are hungry for good Vietnamese food.  Friendly folks serving good food - what more could you ask for?
4	Food is very good all the time. I remember when it was 1 tiny store. Pho with meatballs (P7 no longer on menu but they will still make it for you.) and the salad rolls (K2) are my favorites.
4	I really like this place.  I've had the Pho several times and I thought it was very good.  The vegetables and herbs included on the side seem very fresh and have an earthy taste to them.  It's a great place to order take out from if you're feeling a bit under the weather.
3	Perhaps I had unrealistic expectations after hearing about this place, but I was somewhat disappointed with the chicken pho. The service was wonderful, though, and my coworkers (for the most part) had great meals. I'll go back again and try something different next time, but I think for pho I'll stick with Noodles Ranch.
3	A true hole in the wall... Unpretentious and pleasant--a family establishment. The staff were extraordinarily friendly. We were just getting take out, and despite the fact that it was dead slow in the restaurant, our simple order took quite a while. C'est la Vie. The Pho was good and the Tofu & Broccoli stir fry very tasty. We'll be back.
4	Very good Pho!  Reasonably priced. Don't get intimated with the strip mall it's located in. The place is older but seems clean and I always get good Pho.
2	Tried the pho Tai. It had an odd flavor I am not used to. Wouldn't order it again. I would say this place doesn't compare to noodles ranch . Also tried the Kung pao shrimp it was average at best. The decor is very outdated I felt like I was in a bad dream. I gave it two stars because the food was not horrible but definitely not anything to go back for.
1	Service was atrocious.  I was ignored, forgotten, and brushed off, in that order.  The pho was great, but I will not return.
2	Not bad. But a restaurant that has been opened since 1988 I would expect better. Pho was ok service was ok
2	We were excited to think that we may have found a hidden gem in our neighborhood. We love pho!However,  we were dismayed when my fiance reacted terribly that evening to the apparent MSG that they use. Obviously, we will not be returning.
4	I have been going to this restaurant since I was a child and continue to go back. This mom and pop restaurant uses fresh ingredients, home grown herbs and have a wonderful menu! They take pride in their business and it shows through the quality of food and customer service. Love this place!!!
4	I love this place!  Seriously, I grew up with a best friend whose Mom is Vietnamese(,came to the states with her American husband) and the little old lady who owns/runs this place reminds me of her.  Growing up I was always given advice like, "you drink lots of milk and you wont be fat."  She always had food cooking, and the smells of her house were so unique.  My favorite thing about Vietnamese mothers is that they dote on their children while complaining.  I was always spending the night at her house, and when I would wake up, my clothes from the night before would be washed, starched, ironed (including my undies,) and everything would be folded in individual ziplock baggies.  Meanwhile we would get yelled at that she was always having to work hard to take care of us, and lord help her husband if he made her mad.  I swear Vietnamese mothers are awesome!Any who, this lady is just as cool.  My first visit here was with a friend who lives down the street and recommended it.  We ordered it to go and were told it would take about 20 minutes.  So, we went and had a beer (or 3) at the dive bar in the same shopping complex and we went back minutes before the closing time.  As we walked it, it felt like a blast from the past.  The little old lady was complaining "you order too much soup!  I had to make more soup because you order too much soup!"  "Oh, I so tired!" "I make SO much soup today!" I knew right there that I was going to love this place. The Chicken Pho comes in separate containers to keep the herbs fresh.  The chicken is separate from the broth and you get to mix it all together according to your like.  I usually can not eat all of it in 1 sitting.  The Goi Cuon, pork and shrimp salad rolls are delicious (I order an extra peanut sauce to dip.)  The fried spring rolls are good too (although the sauce that comes with them I don't like,) and I have had the fried rice and it is delicious and moist.The crab puffs aren't very good, I wont ever order those again, but everything else I have ventured to try has been delicious.Pho ranges in price from around $6.50-7.50, most Chinese meal combos are $8.50, and I think the salad rolls are around $6. The little old lady doesn't always complain at her customers, and when she does she isn't mean.  One time I went in, and she was complaining about her new waitress.  Telling me how hard it is to train "new help."  She will get over it fast and she will give you a genuine smile as you leave.  This is a locally owned Mom and Pop restaurant in a strip mall.  No frills, but they have been here for a while and seem to genuinely appreciate your business, even if they do complain a little.  We really did order too much soup.  Ate it for every meal for 2 days.
4	This family place has kept my fed for many lunches and dinners, since I live and work in the neighborhood.  Go for the B4 if you're feeling hungry!
5	This is your stop if you want real food. Real fresh Asian food. Try it and you'll understand I recommend b4.
4	The restaurant is visable from both Hayden Rd as well as Roosevelt. The food has been consistant for me for 25 years. It is pleasant indoors or on their covered patio. The restaurant is not elegant but probably allows for modestly priced great food. It is clean, comfortable and simple.I have eaten in and taken out knowing noon or night it is consistantly good. If I had not had their wonderful lemonade last night it would have been the price of a modestly priced sub sandwich. The difference is far more nutritious with many subtle flavors. I selfishly just hope after 25 years they are not close to retirement.
5	I've come here often and I am never disappointed. My last visit I decided I must write a review for them because of how sincere this business is. Not only is the food really good and the place is never super busy, so u can get in and out without running into everybody but the staff care about their business. I was minding my business eating my pho and a loud customer placed a to go order. She asked the staff to place the items a certain way because once something was off balanced and came out (prob the customers fault) I say this because she seemed obnoxious. However, I think it was the owner who was helping the customer and after the customer left u could hear the woman telling the kitchen to really focus on packaging to go orders. She even said to the other employee "Do you understand, because this is how we learn and do better" :) I think I just really appreciated a business taking ownership and caring about customer service even when the customer is not around.
4	Very good service. Big portions. Reasonable prices. Caring owners. With that said, the restaurant needs a thorough cleaning and needs to maintain a sanitary  image at all times. The appearance of the dining room needs attention. However, good Pho.
4	I love love love "hole in the wall" spots, or more positively "hidden gems"... as you read the reviews, you will hear that description a lot for this place!  It truly is a neighborhood family restaurant, ran by a sweet older couple.  So the decor is outdated and the service is slow (he cooks, she is often the only server).  Don't expect overly friendly service, or super quick food.  But you can expect awesome pho!  If that is what you are looking for, this is perfect for take out... Food is great, price is fantastic and even the decor has its own charm...
