1	Dental clinic is terrible.   6 months for a "work up" while a problem area continued to get worse.  Their excuse  "We are a teaching clinic".   Great way to teach your students.  Idiots!    Don't even think of making a suggestion.  They will "dismiss" you as a patient.
5	I can't say enough good things about their dental clinic. They were VERY thorough and professional. They took plenty of time to do a thorough initial exam. The specialist who did my root canal was amazing. He did a great job and I nearly took a nap while he did his work (in about 45 min.), and I'm someone who hates the idea of being drilled. All the work was supervised by experienced professors (dentists who had many years of experience in their own practices). The students were in their final year of study and very capable and professional.I never felt as if they were rushing me out the door in order to move on to the next patient. Makes sense, since they're not trying to pay for the dentist's Mercedes or the significant overhead that comes with a private dental practice. Speaking of the fees, I estimate that I paid about 40% less than you'd pay a dentist in a private practice for a root canal and a gold crown. The only drawback I can think of is that the scheduling is dependent on their school schedule (exams and holidays, when work can't be scheduled), so it might take a bit longer to complete a course of treatment. But the very high quality and affordability of the work more than makes up for it. Two thumbs up for Midwestern U. Dental Clinic!
1	Before even going through to the doctors, I would like to first say that the receptionists there are among the rudest and most obnoxious I have ever seen. When I called in, they don't know about what they're talking about: when absolutely there are certain free services for students, explicitly mentioned on the website, they said I have to pay. Then I quoted the website and they CUT ME OFF, "Oh, you have to pay when *extra* treatment is done to you." I didn't ask for the extra treatment at all and was just asking for a visit copay. Previously, they had already mischarged me and my insurance, which took me weeks to get the incorrect charge off. Read: They wasted HOURS of my time. Because of their incompetence and negligence. When I was there, seeing patients were in line, the receptionists were chatting among themselves, and would obnoxiously brush you off when you ask questions. Is that the service of a teaching school? Shame on Midwestern - the CVS service is much much better! Don't come here - you will waste your time - this is an honest review coming even from a student at the school.
2	unfortunately I have had bad experience 3 out of 4 times that I have visited the clinic. The front office is very friendly and helpful but don't believe everything they say. After you get a bill that you were not supposed to or if you get a bill for the wrong amount, good luck finding someone there to take care of it for you!I have been waiting 1 hour and 17 minutes in the room for the Dr. to come I am not sure if they forgot about me!  when I got their attention they apologized and said that they have been extra busy that day and if I wanted they could reschedule me!!! Seriously? after almost 1.5 hour of waiting? Couldn't they let me know sooner? Anyways, I do not recommend this facility at all and if you have an option I would encourage you to go to a different clinic. Good luck and wish you lots of health
4	Review for the Midwestern University (MWU) Dental Institute.  At a time when dental insurance is a luxury, MWU DI offers affordable and quality care for many who need dental care.  At the MWU DI, patients have access to comprehensive dental care from routine cleanings and restorations to specialists in endodontics, prosthodontics, periodontics, orthodontics, oral surgery, oral pathology, radiology and pediatrics.  How does it work?  A patient can call in to make a free screening appointment to see if he or she would be a good patient for teaching.  After the patient is accepted, student dentists (a 3rd + 4th year dental student pair) begin a comprehensive exam (digital x-rays, impressions/models, perio charting, med history, and exams inside your mouth and around your head/neck) under the supervision of licensed dentists/dental faculty.  Subsequent appointments will then fulfill the patient's chief concerns and other needs necessary to restore his or her oral health.  The MWU DI's facility is state of the art, and prices are truly affordable.  Clinic faculty members are very experienced and student dentists are able to provide quality care, but be prepared to block off 2-3hrs off your morning or afternoon schedule for an appointment and be patient for some surgical services that may have a long wait for an appointment.  http://www.mwuclinic.com/az/di
5	You won't regret coming to the dental clinic... I felt really cared for and they really seem knowledgeable! The student dentists are really professional and they take their time to treat you (in a good way!). They don't rush. Like a previous review said, if you plan to make an appointment with them, make sure you block 2-3 hours.
2	Let me start off by saying the student dentists are great and so very friendly and that I'm a student at Midwestern myself so I understand the whole learning process. However, I have never had such a horrible experience with one single tooth. The whole plan was for me to re-do a root canal on one of my bottom molars and then insert a crown. However, that required a total of 8 visits (each lasting 2-3 hours) for just one tooth. This was due to multiple lab errors for the actual crown itself (I had to get an impression three times!!), bad receptionist communication, and lack of proper execution. That's 16-24 hours of my life that I'll never get back because MWU doesn't know how to contract with a decent lab and how to properly book and handle patients. I'm very disappointed and very, very frustrated. My advice: go in for simple procedures like preventative care and extractions but anything else and you might end up with a huge headache and a ton of wasted time.
