5	This business, with two convenient locations, is truly the only place worth renting DVDs.  Staff is very helpful with suggestions.  Perusing the shelves crammed with DVDs is fun, as well as overwhelming when I realize how many I have seen and so many more to see.  I wish more people would remember that supporting community business keeps our economy strong.  Plus, a computer can't give you that sense of community that discussing DVDs in the store with strangers can.
5	Dreaming Ant is unique, a venue (actually 2 venues) that make browsing for DVDs fun in an online era. The staff (especially the proprietor Dean) is extremely knowledgeable about the imports, cult, and documentaries that make their selection unique - as well as about more mainstream fare. It's the movie selection, and the careful arrangement, that make browsing fun - you'll see movies here that you've never seen elsewhere, or even heard of, and right next to the one you've selected... even more that pique your interest.Both the Oakland and Bloomfield locations are laid back, pleasant experiences - Oakland is a little more open, Bloomfield more crowded, but both give you the feeling of being in a local community of movie lovers.Highly recommended: the documentary section. These aren't your parents' documentaries. Ask for suggestions and give a few a try.
5	Wonderful and great idea.  They offer dvd rentals, and browsing through DVD's in this place is fun and interesting.  The bloomfield location is connected to the Crazy Mocha, so it's always fun to grab a coffee and browse the DVD's for rent.  The arrangement is great, the sales clerks are absolutely fantastic and willing to offer advice.  Oakland is a bit larger and less stuffy.  But I prefer Bloomfield as I like the intimate atmospher
5	This is one of Pittsburgh's gems. It's one of those places tourists (and locals) discover and have to tell their friends about. It's unassumingly tucked behind a coffeeshop (Crazy Mocha) in Bloomfield, one of Pittsburgh's traditional neighborhoods. They specialize in all movies, but especially in foreign and independent. And if they don't have the movie you're looking for, they'll either get it, or you really don't need to see it, right? Anyway, stop in sometime and be delighted and amazed.
5	Think you've seen everything? Well, stop by here and take a gander of the amazing selection of obscure rentals. While you're browsing, have a cuppa joe from the cojoined crazy mocha and admire local artists work for sale.
5	Oddly enough, this is one of the first places I was introduced to in Pittsburgh, and it has taken me this long to review it. Even in the age of Netflix, there's something magical about a video rental shop, especially the Dreaming Ant.Interestingly, most of the films are organized by nation of origin, then director, which makes for a different browsing experience. They also have a separate section for documentaries which is pretty extensive, and a wide selection of television series. They have a large erotic selection too, just like a good independent rental shop should! ;)The staff is friendly and knowledgable, and it's attached to a Crazy Mocha so you can mull over the all-important question of what-to-watch-tonight  over a hot cappuccino. I rarely watch movies, (um, seriously, still haven't seen Titanic...) but when I'm in the mood, I always go to the Dreaming Ant. I'm one of the few people I know without Netflix, after all.
5	Amazing movie selection, great prices and rental policies, and even better customer service! They have a great range of films here and the staff are very knowledgeable and helpful with making a selection. Highly recommended!
4	I'm very sad that the Dreaming Ant closed! It carried the best selection of foreign and indie films that you can't find in any other rental store like Blockbuster, etc or Netflix. Nestled perfectly inside the Crazy Mocha on Bloomfield, this place provided the perfect Sunday afternoon stroll for coffee and movie hunting. However, I recently walked in to the Crazy Mocha and discovered it was gone :). It will most definitely be missed
