5	Went to The Gelato Spot to check this place out before it opened. Met the owner, Tommy and he seems like a really nice guy who cares about the quality of his business. Can't wait for this place to open in March!
4	The opening of this hot new restaurant has been a long time coming... I've seen the stairs leading up from Gelato Spot in Old Town for well over a year now, and heard the "Cliff Notes" version of the story for SSLB since before I noticed those stairs!I attended a soft opening at SSLB on Thursday night and I walked away a little buzzed, with a full belly, and pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food.  It's obvious that Tommy P, owner of both Gelato Spot and SSLB, has put blood, sweat and tears into making his latest concept come to fruition.  He's put a marvelous team in place, and it's no secret that he and his staff have paid close attention to detail in everything from the design and flow of the space, the prohibition-esque atmosphere, unique hand-crafted cocktail list, creative cuisine, etc...My group enjoyed a variety of the cocktails on the menu... I didn't see anything with vodka (my go-to), so I opted for the "high & tight," a champagne cocktail made with lunetta prosecco, house bitters & sugar cubes, flamed orange peel.  It went down easy!  I get the feeling that this is the kind of place that you can just tell the bartender what you like and have him surprise you.We also had a tasting of five different menu items.  I highly recommend the Asian Chopped Salad, the Lamb Chops, and the Scallops.  And in looking at the menu, I already know what I'll be ordering on a future visit:  the Chilean Sea Bass and the 24 hr Braised Beef Short Ribs.  If those two entrees are as fabulous as they sound in the description, I'll definitely be bumping up my review to a full five stars.Our server was well-informed on everything we ate and gave us detailed explanations along with each course.  We somehow ended up without dessert, but the beautiful thing about this place? It's literally right upstairs from Gelato Spot, so save some room for the perfect sweet ending to the story aka your experience.Second Story Liquor Bar will be another great addition to the Old Town dining scene... open for happy hour, dinner, and late night daily, I'll be adding it into my rotation for sure (at least for happy hour and dinner, as I rarely do late night anymore!)
5	Where to begin? With the cocktails which must have been witch-crafted to have such fine balance, flavor and originality? Or should I describe the posh decor and polished dark woods bathed in the glow of a gorgeous central chandelier? I could even discuss the wait staff's elegant attire, from lace dress clad ladies to bartenders channeling the long lost charisma of decades past.But all of that charm and talent pales in comparison  to the food at Second Story Liquor Bar. I....am struck between an intense desire to keep this place a secret and hoard it for myself and the responsibility of a foodie to attempt to convey how scrumptious it was. First off, know that I don't have the words. You will have to try it for yourself. And when you do, please give yourself the gift of the scallops entree.....you deserve it. Order the Scallops Carbonar -- gnocchi duo / uni butter / caviar / English peas / chantarelle mushrooms / shaved fennel / everything right in this world -- and never look back. If you're quick to drop the "I don't like scallops" card I played, just don't. Because you do. You like these scallops.To.Die.For.But don't die yet, because there are a million other amazing things on the menu. We started with the Inside Out Caprese - um, yum!Also had the Duck Breast Roulade.....be still my heart. Bacon wrapped, golden raisins, sweet onions, parsnip puree, brussels sprouts, orange gastrique. I didn't even know what orange gastrique was before eating at SSLB, now it's all I can think about. The flavors, the textures, the beauty of the dishes, it is mind boggling to me how inexpensive this restaurant is compared to the value of the food. They use top-notch ingredients, the dishes were designed and are plated by people for whom food is an art. Everything they should have thought of to make this place special and original, they did. I will literally live here all summer, that much is guaranteed. Do yourself a favor and have your next date night or ladies night or night out by yourself celebrating your awesomeness at Second Story Liquor Bar. I'll be there.
4	We (me and my wife) went here, lured by the "Liquor Bar" in the title. We wanted a quiet bar to get a couple of drinks. Food wasn't what we were looking for.The staff told us that the place had only been open a week as we went in. A lot of time was spent telling us how great the drinks and food is, but it took a while to actually get the drinks.It was ok - If you are looking for food I suspect it will be very good - the food sounded great but we were not hungry. The location is excellent, outside on the veranda looking over the street. The staff were very friendly and well presented (I had to remember to look at the face).So my advice to the staff is -- Relax, get a drink in the hands of your customers quickly, and find out if people want food before pushing it. With a name like a 'Liquor Bar' you probably get many customers just looking for drinks. You have an excellent location and good drinks and probably good food. Also turn the music down. A quiet bar encourages conversation which makes for a great bar.I'll probably be back next time I visit but I'll be sure to let them know I don't want food early if I don't want food.
5	This place is amazing. I've been waiting for it to open since I saw it pop up on Yelp and now I'm sitting here, with a New England Mule, with my friends, enjoying the rooftop view of Scottsdale.This place REALLY puts effort into detail. They use specific ice for different drinks to make the drink the way it should be made! They also have a menu that looks KILLER. We didn't eat but I could smell the food and can't wait to go back to test it out.If you want an awesome ambiance and a place to go try something different in Scottsdale, this IS your place. Also, the owner and servers are on point! I'll stop talking, just go!
5	A great place to relax and be taken care of.  The entire staff is well trained and do their jobs well.  Went in to see what this place was all about and have to say it was the best experience.  Detail was made in everything to make this a great experience from the ambiance to the details in the food.  The hostess Loren, wait staff Cara, manager and owner Tommy all greeted us at some point during the evening.  Cara was outstanding in presenting the menu and recommending foods to us. Definitely a place to return to.  The menu was interesting and the caesar salad and  salmon special were great.  Then on to the Gelato Spot for desert, just downstairs.  And that was equally as tasty.  We liked this place so much we came back the next night for pizza and more gelato downstairs.
5	I learned about this place via a New Times email and it turned out to be a great little place.  Seated atop The Gelato Stop, it's speakeasy-lounge type of place with a great menu of Prohibition era drinks.  The food menu isn't huge but that's often a good sign.  My lobster roll (which was my virgin lobster roll) was nothing short of fantastic.  Wait staff was great and it's a fun little place to sit and drink on a Saturday.
5	I cant wait to get the opportunity to go back again!!!When we first arrived, the ladies instantly greeted us. The host then led us to our table. They were certainly dressed to impress! They where in white fitted lace dresses along with beautiful pearls. . Once inside our waitress was splendid. She had a fitted lace dress except it was black and she as well was wearing white pearls. She had a lace ruffle apron, that was super adorable!!! Loved it! She answered all our questions, explained the drinks and recommended us a few of them as well. Now, i cant remember what drink it was that i decided to get, but when she brought out our drinks...she brought them out on a silver platter!! :DThe menu doesn't have a large selection but that is not a negative. I decided to get the duck breast roulade. It was absolutely sensational. The duck was wrapped in  bacon, it also had golden raisins, sweet onions, parsnip puree, brussels sprouts, and orange gastrique. It was absolutely remarkable. I was so beautifully plated. i wish I had a picture buttt...i got to busy eating.. One thing I appreciated was that they were willing to work with my very long list of allergies. This was amazing to me. Towards the end of our dinner Chef Josh Bracher came out and talked to us for quit a bit about our lovely dinner and our experience. Its the small little details that make this place exceptional. I couldn't have been happier. If you are looking to find a restaurant with good quality food, then you should really go to SSLB. Reading the reviews wont do justice. You will need to experience it yourself. Whether its on a date or even if you take yourself on a date, your experience will be completely worth it!! 5 STARS!!!!
5	Great place!  Cozy!  The bartenders are carftsmen with making drinks.  Everyone, from the hostess to the bartenders, gave great service and were friendly. I enjoyed the drinks so much I never got around to eating.  :).  I will go back and try to eat next time as the food we saw looked good.
5	Expect greatness when you walk through the door.  They go out of their way to distinguish themselves as something extraordinary, and they succeed.  From the servers' elegant outfits to the carefully selected decor to the classic chairs and benches, 2nd Story LB is out of the movies we watch and wish we were in.  I took my mom and brother here for a special occasion and that it was.  The food was memorable, succulent, and served in perfect unison with the menu description.  The drink menu was typical for a place aiming at mixology drinks but nonetheless excelled in taste.  I ordered a Diablo something and beyond the taste even the glass was classy.  Our server Brittany was unstoppably attentive, humorous, and A+ all around.  They need to work on dimming the lighting a bit but otherwise the mood is perfect for a date spot.Last thing I'll say is it twas a shame that some putzes showed up wearing shorts and t-shirts looking like casual tourists. Though they were perfectly accepted by the staff, this place is a classy joint...so if you go then at least have fun and dress up a bit more than being in your family room on Sunday watching the football game and enjoy the cool elegance of something wonderful.Looking forward to seeing this place thrive.
4	Long day of work in San Francisco, racing to catch a plane (that's naturally delayed) and getting into Scottsdale after 9pm -- what do we possibly do for dinner?When we spotted Second Story, the choice seemed fairly obvious and we were rewarded for it.It's ostensibly a liquor bar/cocktail bar as evidenced by the name, but don't be fooled -- they make really good food here as well. To get in, talk to the host outside to the left of the pizzeria and they'll get you set up and then head up the stairs. Once you get there, you'll see tons of dark woods and lush, deep browns highlighting what is a great upscale addition to the scene. You wouldn't think this was out of place in LA or New York.Drinks as you might imagine are delicious and the food is really good. Highly recommend the Diablo Del Sol, which our waitress listed as her favorite and, as for food, you can't go wrong with 'Don Just Wants Some F*cking Bolognese'* which is only on the happy hour menu.And the happy hour menu is where it's at. Sure, you could get there early and do the typical happy hour but what you really want is to get there after 9 and do the happy hour menu then. You don't need a full meal here -- the HH portions are fairly meaty. And combined with a few cocktails**, you can get out for a fairly decent price. The two of us, with drinks, were under $100 for dinner tip and tax included.The only thing I didn't really love about it, and hence the four stars, was the theme -- having them 'take us on a journey' or explaining 'the story of the menu' that we would 'be experiencing' were a bit much on the pretension side. But the food greatly outweighs anything else you could dock them for. And considering they've only been open a month, they'll probably smooth that out down the road.Try to sit outside. It's really nice!* - the story we heard: the owners' father, named Don, owns the pizzeria downstairs and whenever they would take him out to dinner, he always ordered pasta and bolognese. So what you'll get here is delicious, homemade pasta and some seriously large meatballs. You can't go wrong.** - designate a DD, kids.
5	I believe that the true worth of a serious drinks place lies in how good their Old Fashioneds are.  SSLB gets full marks. Excellent drinks, yummy appetizers and indulgent waitresses dressed in lace and pearls all set in a Mad-Men themed bar. While the inside is luxurious and has a speakeasy feel, the balcony has a cool vibe and offers great views of Old Town Scottsdale and it's interesting people. Try the Sazerac or Old-Fashioned with the truffled mushroom flatbread. You know what would have given it bonus points?- Don Draper on their menu :)
5	What a great experience! Visiting from San Diego and we were referred from a local. From start to finish it was an A+. Service was above average and the food was delish! Stuffed calamari, soup, lamb chops, sea bass, short ribs, steak and run cake were all amazing....not a bite left. Creative cocktails too!
5	A lot of attention is taken into every dish and drink made. Highly recommended with a great atmosphere.
3	This is a really neat different kinda spot. I was pretty excited to check it out last week.The vibe is nothing like anything you will find in Oldtown, and I hope it stays that way. Very small but the patio over looking Scottsdale is money! Great idea.Our waitress had the cutest outfit on-the staff all wore lace dresses. She was very informative about the restaurant, food & drinks.We had the lobster roll & their well known burger - I was sold on the mozzarella pattie that was on the burger! The lobster roll was disappointing, the bread was cold and hard :/  Burger was on point thou!The drinks were very slow. And service to receive them became even more slow as the night went on :/ Yes, we started with some craftier drinks offered on their menu but a round  beers were taking about 12-15 mins to get to us. And not to mention, beers were not cold :/   We lost the waitress we started with and the English /british manager did chat with us and was very charming- but only thinking she was like that to cover the fact the bartenders were not up to speed or they are too busy to handle the crowds needs? My group was not impressed waiting a long time for beers.So, funny story. I was in line for the bathroom and a girl came out , wide eyed- and said "beware of the bathroom, it's very republican!" So I entered very alarmed and confused and heard Paul Harvey speaking instead of regular typical music ! It made me laugh! Typical Scottsdale bar goers are not going to understand such a different thing haha! But I thought it was amusing..and it a little creepy! Lol!Over all it's beautiful and so different ! I want to give 3.5 stars- but if I go next time - my group is going to have to be extra patient waiting on drinks..which doesn't make a Friday night fun. Hope- they improve this asap!
5	Went for the first time the other night and I will absolutely be back.  We had the entire experience starting with creative and delicious cocktails.  Had an appetizer, then entrees, then dessert and coffee.  Every staff member is on point... All the time.  Impeccable service and great food.
5	I am always excited to dine in here! My friend and I had stumbled across this place in old town one night looking for dinner. We arrived at 11:30 pm and were unaware that they closed at 12. Still, we were seated and greeted with great service. They were nice enough to let us stay until 2 am. During the time, we got to meet almost everyone. The owner came out and talked to us personally. Tracey was kind enough to greet and welcome us as well. Since then, this has been our date night stop when we are in the mood for good food, drinks, and great service. The next time that we decided to go was just as amazing. EVERYONE remembered us and welcomed us back. Susie was our waiter once again which was fantastic. She remembered what we liked to drink. It is hard to find a place with such personal service. We sat inside this time and it was amazing. The atmosphere was very intimate, classy, and romantic. Our waiter talked us into doing a three course meal. We started with the Pork sliders, then the Duck Roulade, and finally Peach Cream Rum Cake. Our waiter and the owner both recommended our choices and we were glad that they did. I've been back several times since and I'm glad to be welcomed back every time. I definitely recommend this place if you're in the mood for gourmet food and drinks at great prices. We will definitely be returning soon!!! :)
4	Dined here a couple weeks after it opened. I loved this place. It's small, with a great atmosphere.....the patio view outside is a nice addition. The service was great and the food was delicious. Will definitely be back.
5	Love the dark, speakeasy vibe of the place. Have been wanting to check this place out, and finally got the opportunity. Great staff, great cocktails, great ambience. I can't wait to return and try the food!
5	Didn't even know that this place existed until a week ago. It's such an amazing dining experience. The food is small portions for the price but the taste is simply amazing. Drinks are different than most places which is good, it's not bad to change things up. Limited beer menu but they have good choices.The dinner menu is fairly robust and the drink menu is extensive!No deserts, but it's not needed since they are right below the best gelato in Scottsdale!
5	Few restaurants are good or bad enough for me to write a review. Me and the lady went here to kick off restaurant week. The restaurant week menu looked fantastic, so I was pretty excited. The first course, the lady got the beet forms. A regular menu item for them, and is a small salad of sorts. The presentation was very pretty. The beets were in little cubes, there was some sweet cream drops, some greenery flat on the plate, very pretty, very tasty. The course was served with a corpse reviver that was very tasty. I got the sweetbreads. I really hope they put these on their regular menu, because I would slap my own mother if she got in the way of these. And I love my mother. The sweetbreads were nice and thick, a little crispy, and came with some greenery and some green puree that I'm not sure what was exactly, but the plate was clean when they came to take This came with a New England Mule. Essentially, a moscow mule but with rum. Flor de Cana gold rum. A good choice. For the second course, the lady got the scallops. They were sizable and incredibly tender. No rubber texture and not sandy or gritty at all. They were as scallops should be. This came with a gin fizz. How can you mess up a gin fizz? They didn't let me know. I got the Chicken Gelantine stuffed with some duck mixture, and sided by some thinly sliced cauliflower and a cauliflower puree. The chicken was tasty and seasoned well, but the star was so obviously that duck mixture that the chicken was stuffed with. It was so fantastic. This came with some drink called Blueberry Cobbler. Not a drink, just by the name, that I would normally order. I'm more of a Manhattan/Old Fashioned sort of person. But the drink was, somehow, not too sweet, and was pretty pleasant. I probably wouldn't order it, only because they also have some great strong cocktails. Course #3:The lady got the veal chop served with a mint julep. The veal was cooked very nicely. Still pink and just warm center, and it was all sorts of baby beef goodness. I got the foie gras (not sure why anyone would pass on that...) and it was very nicely prepared. The foie was a substantial size, and had a nice carmelization on top. I think this was their attempt to outdo the sweetbreads. It was very close. This came with one of my favorite cocktails, the Sazerac. They used Templeton Rye for it, which I was a little anxious about, but it turned out very well. We sat outside, so I can not attest to the atmosphere very much. The service was good. Our first drinks came out a little after the first course, but that is okay. We took a look at their regular menu before we left, and we will definitely be back. Especially if they put those sweetbreads on the menu. A little pricey, but not for the area.
5	Came for restaurant week and was not disappointed. 4 in our party and we shared so we each tried everything except the veal and after we were finished our server told us just for restaurant week they were offering an additional course for $10. We were going to go with the chicken, which was awesome, but she came back around and told us they had run out of scallops for the evening and were offering sea bass with the same preparation in lieu...so we got that and were not disappointed.I highly recommend this place and we are definitely coming back!
4	I'll have to check out the regular menu and see what kind of portions you get to confirm, but for now this place gets a 4 star rating from me.It's a very cozy but well-designed bar atop Gelato Spot.  Its really neat the way they have a viewing glass sky light type thing that looks into the Gelato Spot from the restaurant as well.  They also have a patio that we were able to enjoy because it's still not too hot.  Not the loveliest view, but definitely interesting being able to look down at the comings and goings of Scottsdale Rd.  The staff was VERY attentive.  Can they be a little less attentive?  Maybe just a smidge..  but it was mostly a nice attentive.  On the other hand dinner took about 2 hours.  It was the 3 course for restaurant week, but there were long gaps in between courses.  Not overly annoying tonight, but we were glad we didn't have any other plans.For 1st course we had the beet mix and the quail.  Both were very delicious and presented beautifully.  The next course was scallops and chicken for us.  The scallops were done perfectly and seasoned pretty well.  I wish more potatoes came on the platter, less carrots but other than that no complaints.  Maybe some arugula or some green would have been pretty.  It was still one of the best scallop dish I've ever had.  The chicken worked less well, we thought the blue cheese though spotty was a bit strong.  It also needed a little more salty meat - sausage or more prosciutto maybe?  The last but not least course was foie gras and veal chop.  It was actually our first time tasting foie gras - though I don't think we'll ever miss it, it wasn't bad and I believe it to be a solid representation of the delicacy.  The veal was tasty, presented nicely in slices over some grainy base.  This dish was also very good but could have used a little sweetness (cranberries?).All in all, this was a very enjoyable dinner with dishes that were well thought out.  Everyone we talked to were helpful and not pretentious at all which was refreshing.  We're glad we tried it out.  Happy hour didn't seem to include any food items which was disappointing as we're not big drinkers, but I think I would like to return to try some more offerings even at regular pricing.
5	My new favorite spot in Old Town! Will definitely be back and become a regular. So beautiful inside when you walk up those stairs. Sat outside on the patio and it overlooked Scottsdale Rd. Great hand crafted drinks that were paired with amazing food!! Had the best service hands down. From the moment that we walked up to the hostess stand Sydney (sp) was nice and showed us to a great table. Loren came out and was so nice and personable explained the delicious menu! Nicole came to greet us and was warm and inviting. Told us all the great things to eat and drink. Ask for Nicole, she's the best! Loved Tracy and her accent! We both have a love for champagne. Met Tommy and he was so nice. Don, his father, constructed a beautiful place! I'm completely smitten with this place. Definitely my go to place, from here on out! Definitely telling everyone about this fabulous place!!
5	Great place to get an authentic mixed drink.  Tracy was great, she made sure that the staff took great care of us.  We challenged the mixologist TJ to make us each an original drink with our favorite liquor.  He crushed it.  Each drink was perfect.  I highly recommend this experience.
5	The food for restaurant week was excellent. The cocktails were excellent (anytime u can get a vesper martini done correctly I am a happy camper) and the service was the shining star, from our server to the gm to the owner it was WIN/WIN all around. Worth a trip
5	Everything was perfect. The service, the ambiance, the wine and the food. Dishes with amazing flavor and presentation. Will definitely come back for more!
5	Absolutely amazing food and drinks. I love this place. The staff is amazing. The drinks were amazing. The food was amazing. Then I realized the guy working the door was the owner. So much love went into every aspect of this place. I have nothing but respect.
5	Phenomenal. Went for restaurant week and had never heard of the place before but noticed great reviews so we had to check it out. Our "guide" (aka server) was perfect. She truly guided us through the food menu and cocktail menu. First course was sweetbreads which I had never had before so I was nervous but they were outstanding! Even the bed of greens they were on were perfectly deliciously dressed. Second course was gnudi and again...pure perfection. Last course for me was duck and it was a perfect peak to the dinner. Every tiny component of each dish, from the protein to the sauce to the "dust" was just fantastic. Also I had a Hemingway daiquiri and their signature margarita and both were mind blowing. We will be back !
1	We had a group of nine for a dinner reservation on Saturday night during restaurant week. While we heard nothing but good things about their amazing drinks, we walked away extremely disappointed. The drinks WERE definitely amazing as I quickly fell in love with their spin on the Moscow Mule (it had maple syrup in it). The food on the other hand was not very good. Everyone was served at different times, which made it extremely awkward for everyone to eat and not feel rude at the same time. Then for the entree, we had all eaten, except one of our friends who had ordered the duck. We were all finished with our meal, and still he hadn't received his. When the waitress came to ask us if we were all ready for bill or dessert, he said that he hadn't received his duck. It then took her another 15 minutes to come back and let him know that they would be making it now. He asked her if this would be taken off the bill, and she said she would work on it. The manager was informed of what was going on, but the worst part was she never came by to apologize or anything to our party. They are a small joint that has a very hard time serving large groups, and it was clear they weren't prepared for something like a restaurant week. The management staff couldn't have handled it any worse. Very diappointed in their service. The only thing I would go back for is for the drinks, but even then, I'm not sure I would want to throw my money their way in the future.
1	Went to this restaurant on Saturday night for Restaurant week. Drinks were very good, and probably the only thing I would consider having in the future (if I returned). The service was awful, and Mgmt was even worse with the way it was handled. Everyone's food came out at different times, so we never had the chance to eat together. It became awkward when I was the last person to receive my food, and had everyone waiting on me. The food and service took about 3 hours to finish our meal, which is unacceptable. There are only about 40-50 total people in the restaurant, so it should never take 3 hours to get an entree. I would not return to this restaurant, and only would recommend it to the French or any others who enjoy a 3 hour dinner service. They need to change Mgmt and service in order to make this place a success. Bartenders are the only thing keeping it in business right now.
5	I really don't want to let this secret out, I want to keep it all to myself. This place is COOL. You don't need to dress up, but you will feel more a part of the ambience if you don't wear flip flops. I don't want to give too much away, just go and see for yourself. This is a hidden treasure like Kazbar is. Don't expect to sit at the bar, it's only a 5 seater. Love love love it here.
5	Unlike a lot of yelp reviews, I don't typically do a review unless I've had more than one experience.  I have been to The Second Story Liquor Bar on multiple occasions, some by myself and some with friends. Every time I have been to this place I have yet to have a negative experience.  The staff is always friendly and is very accommodating. The concept of this place is new and refreshing. I was never a whiskey fan until John introduced me to a single barrel whiskey that I continue to drink every time I stop in.  But, in my opinion, the best part is how good the food is.  The happy hour menu like Chicken Katsu sliders is one of my favorites, to their dinner menu with the steak and crab on top, is just as good as any steak restaurant in the valley.   Keep up the good job because you've not only won me over as a patron but you also have won over my friends and theirs too!
5	Came in for restaurant and was blown away! The ambiance is so relaxing and romantic with old school charm. The food was just amazing...such talent in the kitchen. The owners came over at each course to see what we thought as well as providing us with their own recommendations. I cannot wait to come back and try their regular menu. The menu for restaurant week was foodgasmic! I do know they had a special menu for the event which is why I didn't specifically review what I ate..duck, foie gras, gnudi...making me hungry just thinking about it!
5	Excellent dinner, amazing experience, top notch service with a well executed "story"!Well done!!
5	I went to Second Story a while back during restaurant week, and it definitely turned out to be the highlight of the week. Great ambiance- modern and classy at the same time, with a bit of an old school twist. The food and cocktails were fantastic. I got the beet salad to start, which was very tasty, and then a stuffed chicken dish, which was equally good. They saved the best for last though, with a foie gras dish that was literally the BEST thing I've ever eaten. Anywhere. Ever. It even beat the foie at Babbo, Mario Batali's restaurant in NYC. Perfectly seared, creamy, delicious, paired with apples and cinnamon donuts. It was like a meaty dessert. I will honestly remember that dish for the rest of my life. Their cocktails were strong, creative, and tasty. The only slight negative was that service was pretty slow. Everyone was very friendly though. Can't wait to go back!
5	Was in Scottsdale for a girls weekend and stumbled upon this place on Yelp. We decided to do the 4 course tasting menu, while letting the chefs create whatever they wanted.  There were 3 of us and we all received different dishes for each course. They were all excellent.  We would all highly suggest this restaurant to anyone who asked.
5	The service here is beyond impeccable. It is an art form. They are themed like a 20s movie, the uniforms are black lace dresses with tiny black and white frilled aprons and adorable. The upper level balcony is tight but cozy and overlooks Scottsdale Rd and 3rd. The menu is laid out like a script with plot twists and main story lines...I ordered the four course tasting (up to seven are available) and made it chefs choice. My server, Loren, was beautiful beyond stunning and elegant as well. And so too were all the staff and my nearby dinner guests as well! They have a reverse happy hour which means this could be a good late night stop.My first drink was the corpse reviver (appropriate as I was reading the hunger games as I was dining alone and lots of corpses in that book that needed reviving... and got it...), and it was refreshing like a lemonade. The GM even came out to say hello and share some excitement. And all the while, the music was great!My first course was the inside out caprese which was amazing and complex and quite large for a tasting item! And the olive oil dust on it was unique and fun! It was followed by a perfectly sized sea bass over a bed of farrow, something I would never have picked, but man it was GREAT! I told Loren that I was avoiding sugar, so I wasn't interested in drinks with sweet and sour or simple sugars... she laughed and talked about how amazing their ingredients were and brought me my second drink... and it was delicious.  My third drink was a blueberry cobbler if I remember correctly. I could pick my second drink off the menu, but can't recall the name now and apparently some of my notes didn't survive the night. :)After the sea bass I was served veal, and quite a large amount of it too. One piece on a bone, the other two not. I am not a veal fan, but I ate it and as far as Veal goes, it was right on.  My final course was the Prime steak and it was absolutely perfect. I avoid prime rib and rib eyes as I don't like fatty meats, but this one was trimmed perfectly, just full of amazing flavor and no fat at all visible. And the mango gelle was great!Not only did the GM pay me a visit, but other waitresses came out to say hi, and then the owner! And then the chef! It is a rare treat to get to talk to a beautiful waitress, her wonderful colleagues, her GM, the owner and the chef all on your very first visit! Without a doubt, service is their number one mission and so is elegant unusual food!This has moved into my number one spot for a pre bar hop dinner in oldtown and I will be going back again soon!
5	One word: Outstanding. The service here at this bar is top notch. This restaurant/bar is cozy and upscale with an early 1900's theme. It is an absolute touch of class. I originally came in to have a few drinks after I left dinner. The general manager came over and personally greeted me. We began talking and she explained the owner's vision for this place, the concept behind the theme of the bar, and so on. She then introduced me to the bar manager. This guy was the most knowledgeable person on bourbons I've ever met. I originally asked for a Basil Hayden bourbon (which is one of my favorite bourbons) however after talking to the bar manager and him listening to what my pallet is and what I typically like, he recommended I try something new and suggested a Cody bourbon. I was very impressed at how much I liked it. His knowledge of bourbons led me to this one and I have now added it to my list of bourbons favorites. This is an experience that you do not get at 98% of the bars that you go to. Absolutely priceless in my opinion. I highly recommend Second Story. It is unlike any bar that you will ever go to.
5	Such an awesome and yummy and fresh place! The drinks are killer. The staff is super friendly. And the view; inside or out, is awesome!!!
5	Great spot for a date, girls night or just because you feel like eating GREAT food and sipping on a super fantastical cocktail. Me and some girlfriends went for dinner and were not disappointed. The Chef came to the table which was a great treat! I will be coming back here just as often as I can!
5	This place is amazing, just what scottsdale needed. A bar with class and all the talent to match it. Simply the best dining experience I have had in a long time. Highly recommend it for any event and to finish it off the GM is English! so nice to see a fellow lady from the mother land. I would recommend booking, word is out about this place and very popular.
5	Great food and very friendly service.  The food was excellent.  The drinks were also delicious.  This is a great date spot. It is fun to sit on the patio.  I would definitely go back!
5	Great date night spot!  The atmosphere is sexy and cool, the staff are impeccably dressed in classy uniforms (hardly would you call them uniforms - I want one!), the bartenders were full of personality and having a blast making craft cocktails and there is a Gelato Spot downstairs, so what isn't there to like?
4	I came here last night for the second time and was very impressed. The first time I came it was very shortly after they opened and it was pretty much completely empty. But Friday night here is now is bustling which pleased me as I hope this establishment does well. The decor is lovely, and would be perfect for a date night, girls night, or any other intimate evening. The crowd is sophisticated and slightly older and dressed up (Read: you won't find students here being rowdy, drunk, loud and disorderly) The bathrooms and clean and fresh and the staff are very attentive while not being overbearing.I always order an Old Fashioned to judge the bartenders skills, I was quite impressed and I'd say that this is the best place for an old fashioned in the Phoenix area. The other drinks are equally impressive although can swing on the sweeter side.The menu is very unique and creative and executed well. Can be somewhat heavy handed at times, but I guess thats just the American way. The portions are large and shareable. I would highly recommend the lobster panna cotta, and the dock confit main! My only pet peeve is that the waitress couldn't properly pronounce foie gras and kept saying "The Fois of the day..." which irked me to my bones.Overall I would recommend!
5	Very surprised about the level of food quality, service, ambiance and everything about this place.  All food items were beautifully presented, and tasted better than they looked.  Our server was knowledgeable, friendly, and made us feel very comfortable.  Great timing bringing everything out.   Venue was intimate, yet energetic at the same time.   Worth trying out if you haven't yet.  I plan on coming back soon, mostly to see what amazing dessert creation the chef comes up with for the day.
5	Second Story Liquor Bar boasts a cool, relaxed ambience with the feel of a modern speak-easy. Delicious and savory dinner menu, bringing you an upscale culinary experience without the high cost. Almost makes you forget that this is a bar-driven establishment. The sections of the menu are named as if they are running seasons of a television show, which makes for an interestingly refreshing menu concept. The cocktails are all fantastic, head bartender John Christie did a wonderful job with the menu. He is one of the most knowledgable people you will ever meet and definitely a standalone reason to visit Second Story Liquor Bar.
5	What a magnificent establishment! After the demise of Old Town Whiskey at the hands of the Saguaro management, SSLB head alchemist John Christie has helped establish one of Scottsdale's most unique and engaging drink and food experiences. Based around a spectacular assortment of liquors (try all the bourbon, I have) the Second Story truly crafts a one of a kind experience with personal touch that is so infrequently found in Old Town. The food is an exciting treat and developing well as the chef gwts better and better! Come here and enjoy everything!
5	Unique place. The bar specializes in whiskey, and the old fashioneds were just perfect. Had the mushroom flat bread, which i highly recommend. Service was excellent with great attention to detail. It is a much more laid back, grown up scene than the average Scottsdale bar.  Happy hour starts at ten on Saturday night, so we were too early for the wings. I guess we will have to go back.
4	Yum!!! If you are looking for food that's almost if not 1 Michelin star quality, then I highly recommend trying this place out. I ordered the ahi tuna wrapped in potato and my boyfriend ordered a sea bass dish. We also added an order of chicken wings at happy hour price. My tuna was delicious!! It was very fresh and I especially enjoyed the gnocchi and sauces that came on the dish. Another huge plus was that the dishes all came very well plated. It definitely takes the experience another level up.Since their menu changes regularly, I'm going to spare going into more detail about the food. Tdlr is that it was really good and worth the price. The only bad thing for me is that they don't have dessert. :( I love dessert so that was definitely saddening...but if you're looking for good drinks and food, you won't be disappointed!
5	Love love love this place! Went last night for dinner and nothing could have been better. Best Chilean Sea Bass I've had in years. Service was great, server let us take our time with the menu and drinks. I'm not a whiskey drinker but it appears to be a paradise for those who are. We will go back for sure!
5	Fantastic place and atmosphere.  The service is excellent. Food is perfection.  And they change their menu every 3 months I believe.  John the bartender is so nice and helpful; with helping you decide a good drink.  If you are a guy and want to impress your lady this is the place! Perfect for a romantic dinner.
5	3 words: Classy. As. HellThis place has it all: swanky decor, unbelievable variety on the menu (try the tasting menu for full experience), amazing well crafted cocktails (the only place I've found in the area that takes any pride in cocktail menu/spirit selection/cocktail culture) and knowledgable staff who can answer any question and provide advice for any palate.This place rocks. Don't skimp, spend a few bucks, enjoy yourself, ask questions, and bask in the greatness that is The Second Story Liquor Bar.
3	Either I was here on an off-night or my expectations were way off.When my friend and I arrived for Happy Hour, it seemed like we were the only people there.  It definitely has a cool vibe to it.  If you're looking for a place to enjoy a cocktail with a date, I think this is a good choice.  If you're looking for a fun bar with great food/drink specials, I would go elsewhere.Prices are steep, especially for the food.  We tried the fried chicken, and the size was laughable for $20.  But then again, that's likely because we came in thinking "liquor bar," not "fancy restaurant."I may return for a drink, and now that I understand better what it's all about, I might enjoy it more.  But hey, that's what Yelp is for.  Know before ya go!
5	I am a total foodie who loves to try new places. SSLB is amazing! Menu was concise, there was not one item that did not sound delicious. Menu changes every six weeks. Service was impeccable. Loved all of it. We will surely be back every six weeks, if not before!!!
4	I love the decor and space of this spot! 2nd visit last night and it was perfect. We mainly had cocktails but we also tried the wings. The wings were okay nothing spectacular.   I loved my cocktail it was something with whiskey, haha. This is a must goto spot when in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	must...come...back
5	The place definitely one of the best in Old Town.  We both had the 5 course tasting menu.  Stand outs were the foiegras, the duck, and the sea bass.  Great flavor, flawless execution.  Excellent cocktails.  If you happen to go for their late happy hour, their Uni Pasta is really tasty as well.  They also have a legit cocktail menu as well.  Really too much to list.  High class food at reasonable prices considering the execution and the quality.
5	I came here with a group of people at work. While I was every excited to try Second Story, I was reluctant to bring everyone here because I was sure that no matter how great this place was, SOMEONE was going to hate it. Well, hell has literally frozen over because all 6 of us left, utterly happy and amazed with our experience.This small, cozy spot has a cool, sexy speakeasy vibe with a nice little bar and a few tables some of which overlook the pizza joint below. They have a rotating menu but I was able to enjoy one of the best caprese salads I've ever had with smooth, light mozzarella, tangy pesto and delicious greens and tomatoes.For my main, I had the filet, which served up a tender and succulent medium rare, and accompanied with scalloped potatoes, carrot frites and grilled vegetables. I also got to try some of the the stellar buttermilk fried chicken. I'm not a lamb eater but the most critical eater in our group thoroughly enjoyed the lamb so if that's not a raving endorsement, I don't know what is.Our gorgeous servers were gracious and attentive, their hand-crafted cocktails were amazing and the atmosphere was sexy and classy. This is hands down one of the best discoveries I've made in a while and it's all thanks to Yelp.I can't recommend this place enough-great for a date night or for a group. I can't wait to come back.
5	If you know the definition of epitome, this is it. If you don't, look it up. For my second visit I chose Second Story for my birthday!Tommy is the epitome of an owner that gets it!! Service is the epitome of top notch! Food is the epitome of amazing!!Tommy, you have this figured out and it is highly appreciated!! Happy birthday to me!!
4	I visited this bar a couple of weekends ago. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the drink menu is interesting. The selection for cocktails is interesting and my boyfriend was impressed at the selection of liquors they had. Our server was prompt and attentive, and the drinks came out quickly. The only downfall to my visit was the noise. It is a very small place and there was a group of 13 celebrating a birthday. It was really loud so I had a hard time talking to my boyfriend across the small table. There's really nothing you can do about that though! We ended up only staying for one drink but it was nice to try this place for the first time. We will be back.
5	Took my girlfriend here and I got lucky that night. Fantastic establishment. Everything from the Decor to the menu to the extensive liquor list is thoroughly thought out and perfectly executed. I would recommend this as a date spot and not as a spot to attend with large groups of friends. It works better with parties of 4 or less. The food is phenomenal. I ordered the 5 course dinner with the Inside Out Caprese, The Venison, The Sea Bass and two other things that were phenomenal (I can't remember because at that point the Whiskey kicked in.) I made loud noises every time I took a bite. Also it is important to note that not only is the food outstanding, but they have an impressive wine and liquor list. I think the waitress said they had 70 different kinds of whiskey. I ordered the Commodore which was a mixture of Whiskey Lime & Lemon and it was out of this world. If you are taking your girl on a date go here!
5	A great, relaxed atmosphere for just sitting and talking. The drinks are delicious- I had an Old Fashion and it was the first time I rely enjoyed one from a bar
5	The friends we were with loved it when I described this charming, sexy place as an "orgy of cocktails".  The food is likewise terrific.  With a daring, exciting, and an ever changing menu, this place is exactly what Scottsdale and Phoenix need more of;  nicely done!
5	I'm so glad we found this place on Yelp! I knew we were going to be staying a night in Old Town and was looking for a place close to the hotel that had foie gras on the menu (I live in CA where it's illegal...wth?) and I found this place. My boyfriend has never tried it before and was looking forward to seeing what the fuss was about. When we got there it was almost empty, but that's probably because someone is literally trying to cook AZ this time of year and no one wants to go out when it's 150 degrees. It's a pretty small space but it's decorated nicely and the waitresses all wear these black lace dresses and have on red lipstick. It seemed very Robert Palmeresque, which is fine by me. Our waitress was very informative and told us this was actually a , whiskey tasting bar...I could see my boyfriends face light up when she said that. She also informed us that they were going to be changing the menu and the chef's were doing some sort of chef's whim appetizer where you don't know what you're going to get. Sounds good to me! We ordered the foie gras....they were out!!! Oh no, this is what we came for! Oh well, we ordered the chef's whim and a flight of whiskey's to try. We also ordered a cocktail that was their take on a whiskey sour. Our surprise app was swordfish, but it wasn't just swordfish, it was the best swordfish either of us have ever had! I don't know what all they did to it because it was their whim and it wasn't described on the menu...all I can say about that is trust the chef! If they do that whim thing again and you're there, get it! We loved the cocktail and our favorite whiskey was the Maker's Mark 46. We were going to order another app when our waitress informed us that the chef found a 2 oz. serving of foie gras and said he would make us something with it if we would let him do the whim thingy...again, do the whim! Of course we did it.  Oh My God it was sooo good! Now my boyfriend knows why I've been whining about this stupid duck liver ban in CA. Ridiculous hippies! People should have foie gras everywhere! It seemed like it was panseared and placed on top of toasted brioche with some sort of fruit sauce. It was not only beautiful, but probably one of the best things I've eaten in a really long time. Anyway, if you have the pleasure of trying this place, I would tell you to get whatever the chef's making that day because he really knows what he's doing. And the waitress was so friendly and gave us a great happy hour experience. We both agreed that this place was our favorite place we tried in Scottsdale.
5	Definitely a perfect place for a night out. I recommend coming for drinks or dinner with a date or a group of friends.I was searching for a great place for a group dinner because my bff was coming to visit from out of town. I was pleasantly surprised to find this amazing place on yelp.Inside has a roaring 20's theme. The cocktails were delicious and unique. I should have written this sooner because I forgot what I ordered, but it was a champagne cocktail, something different. The food was delicious. I had a seabass slider and the caprese salad. The menu changes every six weeks, but some items are frequently available.The huge chandelier overlooking Gelato Spot was a photo favorite. The service was great, especially since our party of 9 arrived in small groups of 1-3.If you are coming with a group, I definitely recommend making a reservation.I look forward to going back on a date, for gno, or with friends.
5	Cool place. Pretty much all the positive reviews are spot on. Amazing service and amazing drinks. Can't talk about the food since we went here just for drinks and man- they were right up my alley. Classic and strong. Well, I guess "strong" is a strong word... they highlighted the taste of each spirit and didn't mask it with sugar and a bunch of mumbo-jumbo. True speakeasy style. The decor is beautiful and the the ambiance continues with the theme. If I had to complain about anything it would be the cliche outfits. The girls all wear flapper dresses with pearls and the guys were undone bow ties. You can still pull off the style without going all Disneyland. Also, I'm sad you can't see the outside very well from the inside. The have a couple tables outside with a view but seating is very limited. I wish they would have put bigger windows vs tiny ones. Regardless of those minor style things I will be back for more drinks and I hope to try the food. It looks amazing!
5	This was a surprisingly modern/cool spot to grab a bite before going out. The dishes were very light with great presentation. The atmosphere was great. It had an old town feel with a fine dinning experience . If you choose to come on the weekend make sure to make a reservation. The place gets very crowded and there are no spots at the bar to stand and grab a quick drink.
5	We went here for my friends birthday dinner. She is extremely picky, so choosing a restaurant for her elevated taste was concerning. Luckily i relied on Yelp and found this gem.The food is FANTASTIC. I tried a bit off of everyone's plate. And the drinks were fun and unique.I would comment on what we ordered but.. the menu changes every 3 months. So  go in for yourself and try, best idea if you are not on a budget is to sample from their menu. They have a course meal deal ($60 i believe) and you can try different parts of their menu.Such a great experience!
5	Yea I went with 5 whole stars, why you ask? That's simple because they earned them. For being as small as the space is they really aren't in your face making you feel uncomfortable/awkward which is hard to accomplish and also highly desired when your looking for a new place to go. "Just enough" was the key to making the night wonderful, delightful and memorable. The bartender (who's name is escaping me ATM dammit!!) was great. And that coming from a someone who has been in the industry is saying a lot.  The food was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G a sim not just saying that. When your considering picking up the plate and licking it you know that shit was the bomb.com. I had the old fashion which was executed quite well with angostura bitters pushing it that much closer to my heart. I also had the tacos Jalisco mule , minus the tacos. It was delicious and I even got my step mom to try and she was impressed. The whole experience was one that dreams are made of and I really hope they stay busy and stick around. Furthermore I hope they become a staple in the old town district. Yum
3	This place is pretty neat, it has a sorta "speak easy" kinda vibe to it. Great place for a drink or two but one should avoid the lobster roll, it gives lobster rolls a bad name. I understand they're hard to do well, especially here in the Valley but just don't do it ?! And don't order a simple mans drink, they'll toss ya off the balcony (It's that kinda place) but definitely give it a shot !
3	First off, I am not a 20-something who regularly hangs out in Old Town.  But, I have lived in Phx for 30+ years and have been to most upper-level eating establishments around town.  We went with friends for Restaurant Week.  We will not be heading back any time soon.  Service was very attentive.  The ambiance has been overstated by many other reviewers - it's got a little bit of kitsch, but in the end, the tables are extremely close to each other and the noise level is on the high end.  It is definitely not an intimate dining experience.  The food was very good, but not home run material.  The entree of venison that I ordered was served raw on the inside.  I'm not talking a little bit on the rare side, it was sashimi raw.  Having not been asked how I would like my meat prepared, I assumed it would be cooked.  I'm a medium-well kinda guy, but my dining partner likes her meat medium rare and she sent hers back to be cooked.  We ordered a dessert of foie gras and donuts, and it was just weird.  All 4 of us tried it, but none of us liked it.  You must really have to like foie gras to enjoy this dessert.  We are not really cocktail kinda people, but they did look tempting.  The regular menu looks like it is probably over-priced for the serving sizes that we got during Restaurant Week, but it was worth trying once.
2	Great ambiance but it's pretty much all hype. The prices are outrageous given the portion sizes. I was really disappointed when our check arrived, nearly $80 for two appetizers and 3 drinks. The waitress popped us for $6 for water. Ok, it was "sparkling" and we got lime wedges. I believe that the upsell price should have been mentioned at the time it was offered. Also, they DO NOT honor their Yelp check in offer for $6 well drinks. My well drink didn't qualify because I asked for it to be on ice and that means it comes with more alcohol so they charged full price and refused to make the adjustment when I paid. Their $12 cocktails aren't very complex either. We won't repeat. Swing and a miss. Oh, and poutine is on pasta?  Chowder with no broth? Strange.
4	I came here because I was leaving a nearby event and my group was hungry. I used by trusty yelp app to find a nearby place with good reviews. For a casual dinner (we were dressed up but this wasn't date night or anthing) this place was overkill but the data on yelp seemed to be a fit. The Yelp data needs correction. This is not a $$ restaurant. This is at lease a $$$. They have several courses for their meals and the owner advised their proteins are flown in fresh so that would also influence the price. The waitress was very accomodating but the hostess was pretty stuffy (I understand the hostess was replaced so that is a good thing.)I am not frugal. I just do not typically dine at these places because I don't need 4-5 course meals or high-end proteins on average days. After looking over the menu I realized yelp's mistake, paid for my drink and went a few doors down the street. I understand The 2nd Story Liquor Bar has happy hour and late night drink specials so that helps. I didn't have a perfect experience but what I did experience but I understand some things were corrected since my visit. I probably would have stayed and enjoyed it if the 2nd Story had some lower cost alternatives on the menu for average nights.
5	This is the best food in Phoenix!  I was in on Saturday night.  I had the five course tasting menu.  First course was the ahi chopped salad.  It was so fresh and the aroma was incredible.  I could smell all the ingredients.  Second course was the clam chowder.   Amazing.  The crab was fresh and the chowder was creamy.  Third course was the snapper.  The skin was perfectly crispy.  Fourth course was the chicken tandoori.  Every bite was a flavor explosion. Last course was the pineapple cake.  Not great but okay.  The cake was dry and the flavor combo didn't work for me.  Overall this was the best food experience I have had in Phoenix.  I'll be back again when the menu changes.  So happy to see a young creative chef succeeding!
3	I read all the great reviews and came here based on that, but sadly to say I wasn't impressed.  The drinks were good! Very unique ideas and the waitress was informative.  The food however, was not worth the money.  If I spend $200 on a meal for two people, I expect it to compete with Mastro's, Wildfish, Olive and Ivy, etc. and unfortunately, it did not come close.  The service was great so I'll go back and give them another shot :)
5	Really cool place, their menu changes all the time and they have it like a different episode of a season and they change season every year. Very cool concept, this place is a place if you are trying to impress.
5	Went to Second story for anniversary dinner.  Indulged on the 6 course tasting menu, the King crab chowder, braised goat, and sea bass were amongst the highlights of the night.  Service was good, very attentive and pleasant.  Desert, an apple walnut coffee cake was the lowlight of the meal, my personal preference would have been something in the dark chocolate world.  We will most certainly be back to Second Story and I will be telling all my foodie friends about this yummy spot!  A super great place with an amazingly talented chef l!!
2	We are from Canada and travel to Phoenix multiple times throughout the year. We had the opportunity to visit Second Story Liquor Bar in April and loved it.  The service was amazing and the attention to detail in the service was like a 4 or 5 star restaurant.  So, we were really looking forward to our return visit in October. Unfortunately, the experience was very different.  While the food experience was very good; our experience on the service side was very different and somewhat uncomfortable at times.  When we arrived, we let the hostess know our reservation time and were informed we had a 10 minute wait before we could be seated.  After 15 minutes, we interrupted the hostess who was engaged in conversation with two friends, who by the way were talking to her all night and were still there when we left, to see if our table was ready. Fifteen minutes later when we checked to see if our table was available we were told she didn't know and should wait for the other hostess.We ordered the four course tasting menu so we could try items we may not have yet experienced and at each delivery of the course when the runner placed the course on the table she literally dumped and left.  We were never given any information about the course ingredients or even offered pepper, we actually sat for 10 minutes after asking for pepper that was not delivered and had to flag another server to again request pepper.  Upon delivery of the third course we made a point of trying to detain the runner to inquire about the dish and were told she did not know and would send some one over which never happened.  In the end, the cocktails we tried were lovely, the meal was delicious but the service was very lack lustre, making us feel we were an inconvenience. Upon our departure, we mentioned to our server that it was unfortunate that our requests were ignored and were met only with a smile.  I would also like mention that during past visits someone had always come to our table to see how things were and this certainly was not the case last night, they never asked once, we were certainly up sold on cocktails but the attention to detail regarding the food service was secondary to this staff.
5	My wife and I decided to try this place after sampling at the AZ Taco Festival.  Liquor and Tacos.... What could be better right??Well once seated we were surprised that this place didn't offer anything like that on their menu They did have a taco on their happy hour menu but it wasn't happy hour.  Frownyface. The drinks were good.  I really liked the el Diablo del sol.  Had a few of them. The mushroom flatbread was ridiculously good. I probably could have stayed their all nightWe were the only ones on the patio but we were attended to often and it was a really nice vibeOur hearts wanted Mexican so we decided to have a few drinks and an appetizer and then go have dinner elsewhere. I'm disappointed about the foodI didn't stay to try it but I'm sure it's goodI assumed that if you are at a taco festival, you do Mexican food. I understand getting your name out there but it's just weird.***You're right.  It's just not what we were expecting but that's no reason to knock you. I put it to five stars because it was really a place I could drink all night. Btw, the tacos you served at the taco festival were ridiculous good.
5	Love what the Plato's have done with the place. Jeremy the bar tender was very knowledgeable about the different types of gin available. The menu is legen-waitforit-dary! And quite witty as well.
3	This week we decided to have our weekly happy hour at Second Story Liquor Bar, which had received some pretty great reviews on Yelp. At first glance this place looked great!  I really liked the indoor and outdoor seating, candle lights, and chandelier. There were only two small groups of people when we arrive at 6pm. It was not busy at all when we visited on a Wednesday night. We sat outside together because the weather in AZ this time of year is amazing! Once we sat down we were told that the current menu we were looking at was not current and that menus were being printed as we speak. The menu we had looked at was also different then the menu we saw online. This is definitely a $$$ not a $$ restaurant. We were then semi told verbally by the waitress what was on the Happy Hour menu. She left the table to get us water and none of us had a clue what was actually being served on the menu. Once she returned she brought a written list of what was going to be on the new menu. Very few food items were on the Happy Hour menu and none of their specialty drinks were on Happy Hour or less than $11 according to our waitress. Again, we didn't have a menu to verify anything. We ended up ordering a few mushroom flat breads that were good and called it a night. Service was quite poor compared to many local restaurants in the area. This place definitely has a nice inviting atmosphere at night with all of the candle lights. I wouldn't recommend this place for happy hour but I would possibly come back for a date night after 7pm just for drinks when you get a real feel of the atmosphere.
5	This is an up and coming bar. Hopefully they will continue to have the clientele they are centered around. We loved the bartenders as they seemed very knowledgeable and down to earth. Mixed drinks good and centered around Bourbon and whiskey which was different. Location nice, upstairs of course :) but looks down a Gelato shop which was different. A good place to have a fancy drink after dinner. And they don't only have ginger beer drinks :) we will be back!!
4	The wife and I had date night here, and we loved it.  First let me say the decor of this place is so cool.    The staff was attentive.  Our waitress delivered a few cool stories about the menu.   The menu is really interesting.  There are little twists and additions that are in the dishes that really enhance the full flavor.  Tons of choices to pick from.  Since there are so many choices I highly recommend the tasting menu.  I did the 5 course and my wife did the 4 and we picked a few different options to share.  My 5 course came with a dessert. The description of the desert sounded good, but I didn't really like it.   Had I liked it I think it would have pushed this to a 5.  The drinks at this place are awesome.  I had a chocolate Manhattan and a mule, both were awesome.  My wife had this punch drink which she didn't like but then tried the pineapple champagne drink which she loved and had 2 of.   They took the punch off the menu, and I will say you can recognize a good restaurant because they took it off the bill without us asking, it was just an unspoken thing.  We got a few visits from a manager, and one from the owner Tommy.  Love the personal touch.   Definitely would go back to this place. Fyi it is spendy, but you don't leave feeling it isn't worth what you paid.
5	Second Story is probably my favorite bar in the old town area. They have by far the best drink menu that is constantly being reinvented based on the season, and because of them the Kentucky mule has become my new cocktail staple. Besides the mule, the katsu sliders are delicious though hot sauce on the side would be fantastic. However, the service from my favorite server Nicole is what keeps me coming back. She rocks! She is so professional and personable and makes the experience better. Plus the interior has a great speakeasy feel with books and dark wood everywhere. This is a real gem in the area where you can have nice drinks without the pretentiousness you get in Scottsdale,  so check it out!
5	General manager Vincent and server Nicole were outstanding.  They completely catered to our tastes, and substituted a beautiful dish for another beautiful dish simply because I was "offset" by the presentation. I have never been so picky before, and also never so catered to. They listened to what we were looking for on the menu and made excellent suggestions. The drink menu, which is regularly changing, was creative and delicious, we tried several. :) The short ribs were insanely good and the Ahi seared to perfection. Thank u guys for the outstanding service!We will definitely be back.
5	Hats off to Chef Josh, outstanding!
5	We had the most amazing meal here last night and can't wait to go back! We splurged and got the 4-course tasting menu and everything came out perfectly. I had the most amazing cod and am sad it's going to be taken off the menu soon as they change the menu every 6 to 8 weeks. Sometimes I find myself hungry after getting a tasting menu but last night was more than enough food. The service was great as well as the atmosphere and the cocktails were top notch. I do agree with some other posts stating it's a three dollar sign restaurant and not a two but it was definitely worth it. Happy to say I have a new favorite in town!
5	My first and, so far, only visit to this place was a real treat. I was taken here by my boyfriend for a celebratory, indulgent dinner, since I had had graduated in December from ASU. It was a Thursday night, but we made a reservation anyway - just in case. We had never been here before and didn't know what to expect. Even at 7pm on a Thursday we were one of maybe 3 occupied tables. Im not sure if it was the cold weather or a weekday but we were some of the only people there that night. I didn't mind; I appreciated that it was quiet and calm. The introvert in me was just so pleased! The venue was small but very classy and upscale looking. I was happy that we had picked such a cozy smaller upscale dining experience. We were absorbed in the drink menu! There were so many things I wanted to try. I'm a mule fan and read good things about them here, but decided on a champ cocktail instead; we were celebrating after all. My bf ended up getting a mule which was very tasty. My French 75 was perfect - citrus-y, sweet with the tang of gin, just lovely. For food we started with a mushroom flatbread. I'm a fan of mushrooms so I thought it was amazing! Savory, a little sweet, yummy cheese and crisp bread. The truffle oil was a really nice touch. I would have eaten another one of those for my dinner. But they had scallops. Scallops are my favorite thing to order at a nicer place because scallops are either amazing, or not. And nice places make amazing scallops. I was not disappointed! They were to die for. Nothing beats really good scallops for me and I was in heaven!  Overall it was a lovely night. We had an intimate, quiet, absolutely delicious dinner, and the service was attentive, but gave us space. The only downside was there was only one desert offered, and it just didn't spark my interest (luckily Gelato Spot is just downstairs). I loved it and would definitely be back to indulge some more and try other dishes that sounded just as good.
4	Dined here a couple weeks after it opened. I loved this place. It's small, with a great atmosphere.....the patio view outside is a nice addition. The service was great and the food was delicious. Will definitely be back.
