5	Lucca is an extravagant Italian restaurant full of patrons celebrating something or other within its halls.  The service is very attentive and actually knows something about the wine list, a rarity in Pittsburgh.
3	overpriced california/italian food.  Small portions.  Lunch service is slow.  Don't expect to be out of there in an hour.  Patio in the summer is a good place for a leisurely $20 lunch.   Decent place to take a visitor if you on an expense account.
3	I had a Valentine's dinner here, and it was pretty much the atmosphere that made the meal for me. The food definitely wasn't bad, but for the price it definitely wasn't the most amazing Italian food I'd ever had. Like I said, very nice atmosphere, very cozy and classic feeling.
3	Good food, but not great - especialy considering how much you pay for it. Atmosphere is definately good for celebrations.
1	Every once in a while I find myself thinking "hey, let's give Lucca another try."   And I always leave confirming my feeling that it's not very interesting or particularly tasty food served by officious staff at inappropriately upscale prices.   There are better -- and less expensive -- places to find Italian food in Pittsburgh.
3	I save Lucca for special occasions since it is a bit pricey. I've found the food to be very good and recommend the calamari appetizer. I'm always amazed how they can prepare calamari to be so tender and tasty!The atmosphere is high end and the service is very attentive.
5	Thought this place was great. Calamari appetizer was delicious, as were each of the pasta dishes we ordered. Also got 2 desserts and both were amazing. Service was fast and friendly. Highly recommended, especially for dates.
2	Overpriced, Average
5	Had Dinner at Lucca this evening. Very accommodating. Delicious and beautifully presented. All dietary issues addressed quietly and quickly. Can't wait to go back for another round. Three of us went on a whim. Now we have a new favorite eatery.
4	Their outdoor seating is perfect for the summer, I'd try to get a table out there if at all possible.Our waiter was really friendly, attentive without being overboard.  I ordered the Mafalda, which I would DEFINITELY recommend.  It was thick, almost lasagna-type pasta (though not as thick) with mushrooms, artichokes, plum tomatoes, greens and feta.  It was AMAZING, the mushrooms are artichokes really added a great flavor -- and in my opinion, you can't go wrong with feta.  My boyfriend got the linguine, which had Atlantic salmon, diced tomatoes, spinach and pesto sauce.  The salmon was good, but the rest was kind of lackluster -- plus the pesto sauce was more of a soup type consistency.  I prefer pesto sauce to be a little bit thicker.. they may have gone a little thick on the olive oil.  But definitely recommended - especially on a summer night, I loved watching the foot traffic go by while we ate.
5	Awesome!!! Excellent filet and appetizers across the board.
3	Went here on a quiet Friday evening with friends. The place is much more sophisticated than it looks from the outside so the prices are deceivingly high. I ordered the mushroom ravioli, which is served with chicken, tomatoes and a white cream sauce. The pasta was good, but the sauce was quite heavy and I was unable to finish. It was a little disappointing because the dish was $18 for about 5 raviolis in a sauce I couldn't even eat. At that price, I'd expect a little better. A friend ordered the 10oz. filet mignon, which was delicious and served with cheesy potatoes au gratin. Others ordered the mafalda pasta but they forgot the cheese one of them.Our server was great -- I half expected subpar treatment at such a place being a bunch of hungry casually-dressed grad students, but he was very attentive and pleasant, even answering questions about the food with detail and without judgment. Overall a very nice meal, despite the fact that some of the clientele seemed bothered by our presence (seems most customers were older, more affluent type).At the end of the day, I just felt it was overpriced. I wouldn't expect $20 simple pasta dishes and $35 entrees at a place located around the corner from numerous universities and across from a Quizno's.
3	Fancy, expensive, overpriced. I only go here when one of the vendors I work with treats me to lunch. Otherwise I just couldn't be tempted because of the price. I have had delicious quiche here, but it was pretty standard as far as quiche goes and nothing to write home about. Everything I saw on the menu was just so expensive, and I didn't see any wow factors in terms of what they serve. The nice part about going with a big group is that you see a lot of different items at once, but everything looked pretty average. Not a ton of option for vegetarians outside of salads, but they serve pastas, so you could probably ask for something special.  In terms of ambiance, it is upscale and masculine, with darkly hued, well appointed furniture and decor. The dining areas are comfortable and clean. There is a wonderful outdoor seating area that has a large awning, when temperature permits.
3	overpriced. the food is just ok. the tables don't look very clean. some staff are nice, but some seem to have attitude. it could have been better for this price. a good candidate for Ramsay to come fix.
4	Very good food but a little pricey so I dropped them back a star. The service was excellent.
3	One of the better Italian restaurants in the city, and one of the nicest restaurants in Oakland, Lucca would be a fantastic choice at a lower price point.  The food is well prepared; the staff is usually friendly and helpful; and the ambiance is nice without being stuffy.  But the pricing for this experience is more appropriate for a city like New York or San Francisco.
4	I was treated to dinner and dessert here, both of which were sublime. Although I was tempted to stuff myself full with Lucca's amazing pre-dinner breads+olive oil, I managed to control myself and of that I am very proud. I ordered the Seafood Mix Grill (delicious, but would have ordered their signature Frutti di Mare con Penne if it didn't have a cream sauce and I wasn't lactose intolerant) and two of their three desserts (get the White Chocolate Fruit Tart, the Chocolate Lava Cake is nowhere near as satisfying). The staff was pleasant, the atmosphere suave. Perhaps not worth the $30+ per entree, but should you have a bit of extra pocket money, certainly not the worst investment one could make.
5	If you havent been here yet, I totally recommend it. It's super classy and intimate. If your in collage, it's a great place to take your parents to when they visit and it's close to campus. If you are living on the cheap, go for the lunch. It's cheaper than union grill. Ask for the Costa pasta.
2	Overpriced. Bread was hard. The scallops had a lot of grit and very buttery. Not worth the $30 price. A lot of gnats flying around. Very dis-appointing.
3	I have been to this place several times, mainly for a business lunch since it appears to be the only restaurant around that area to offer such an environment.  The atmosphere when you enter is nice and it also has a nice outdoor patio for the summer.  However, the quality of the food is not as expected.  To be more precise, the value for money is not good.  While the food is decent, with fair entrees and a fairly good variety, the place is overpriced.  I would assume that this is due to the lack of other alternatives around for similar occasions, but in general I try to avoid this place for that reason.  Again, not that I do not enjoy the food and atmosphere when I go, but it is nothing spectacular to justify the prices.
5	Had a wonderful dinner here. The service was fantastic, and the food outstanding. My wife had the Mar de Frutti and it is the best shrimp dish she has ever eaten (and she has eaten many). The atmosphere was very intimate and cozy. Top notch!
4	The food here was amazing as was the atmosphere. I came on a cool, windy night with a friend, and the feel of eating outdoors along with the high-class Italian food created a very European atmosphere which I loved. The dinner was wonderful, and everything was well made with fresh ingredients. I had the Linguine, and my friend had the Papparadelle. I thought the Linguine delicious with well-made pesto, and it avoided being too unctuous thanks to the salmon. We had the Italian Lemon Torte for desert, and it was wonderfully light and refreshing after the dinner. The vanilla oil was rich but not heavy and full of flavor. The berry glaze helped give it a tarty taste which helped lighten it up. The whole dinner was just incredible.My only gripe is with the price, but honestly, I think the atmosphere and the food combined are worth the price. I won't go back for a while because I do believe the price is a bit prohibitive, but if I had the resources, this would be one of my staple restaurants to enjoy for a night out.
2	I went because I live in Oakland and I wanted decent Italian pasta. The meal which I ordered was fettuccine with housemade meat sauce and I wasn't impressed enough to pay $18 for it. Definitely over priced.The service was quick- I was in and out in no time but the service wasn't that great. I don't plan on going again.
4	Ambiance was very nice. Had the bruschetta for an app, good I do believe the bread was Texas toast though. Lamb chops were delicious perfectly cooked the accompanying mushroom risotto was a perfect side. My wife went with the tiger shrimp dish (I'm not going to try to spell it). Good but over priced. Nice size portions on everything. Not too much but didn't leave you hungry. If you go which I would recommend at least once. Save room for dessert. The carrot cake is worth the trip and the bill!  P.S.  The service was some of the best I've experienced from the host to the wait staff. Extremely professional
4	I'd walked by Lucca for YEARS before finally deciding to pull the trigger and dine here (as part of my eternal quest for delicious Italian food).  I had an Enjoy book coupon so I figured, why not?I love this restaurant and if you haven't dined here, you've got to try it out!  I've been to Lucca for relaxed dinner with friends, business meetings, and romantic dates and somehow Lucca has the right atmosphere for all three occasions.If you come here in the summer, they have a really nice patio.  If you're eating inside, its still got a really nice ambiance.  The food is excellent and I do not even care if I look foolish when I flip out over the meatballs the way I do.  Oh my god they are so good.  I recommend the ravioli, and the pizza!  I've never had a bad meal here.  Holy crap the scallops... they are soo very good!  Lucca is not the cheapest place you can dine, but it's not dreadfully expensive and I've actually paid a lot more for food that was nowhere near as good.
5	I was in Pittsburgh just for the night, found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to give it a shot. I ended up having the best meal ever! Our waiter Paul was great, even offering tips of places to check out during my stay. We had the truffle fries, salads, Gnocchi and Rigatoni and the most delicious tiramisu and chocolate lava cake with chocolate gelato. The meal was very reasonably priced considering the quantity of food and level of service.
1	My daughter and I went to Lucca hoping to find a quality Italian restaurant to frequent when her father and I come for visits while she's at U-PITT for the next four years.  We made a reservation for 6:30 on a Saturday night, arrived a little early at 6:15.  We were seated promptly, but coldly, by the "host" on duty; the restaurant was mostly empty.  After being seated and ordering drinks, my Pinot Grigio came in a dirty glass covered with food remnants.  This was corrected after sending it back, no big deal to me as this can happen.  The waiter, the same man who seated us, never bothered to tell us about specials or speak to us at all except to ask what we wanted to order.  Actually when I asked what the specials were he told me what the soup was.  The bruschetta appetizer was very flavorful, but on the menu it was to be crusty, it was very soft, but excellent flavor.  I asked the waiter's recommendation between the Fettuccine and the Linguini, he was certain the linguini was better.  It came out over cooked and very bland.  My daughter's gnocchi was great.  Being Italian, flavor is very important, if I need to add spice, it's no good.  I could not eat it.  The waiter finally came around after about an hour wait to see if we wanted boxes.  I said no, my daughter said yes and we ordered dessert to go.  When we got back to the hotel, no Gnocchi!  The chocolate lava cake was not heated and was just not good, my daughter's lemon tort was freezer burned, and hardly tasted of lemon, but the cake consistency was good.  We chose this restaurant based on location and decent prior reviews.  The food being hit and miss was one thing, but a horrid, uncaring waiter is unacceptable.  Other waiters seemed great and other customers seemed happy.  I usually tip over 25% having, waited tables in college, even for mediocre service.  I still gave an undeserved 10%, but looking back wish I'd have left nothing. This person needs training or to be let go, along with the dish washers and management.  After sending a dirty glass back someone should come apologize, after not being able to eat a meal, yet paid for it, management should have sprung into action.  Very sad to give a bad review, I was expecting so much better.
4	Delicious truffle fries. Nice decor to get away from hustle of campus area and enjoy some fine dining in Pittsburgh. The calamari were well prepared, not heavily crusted or greasy.
2	Meh... overpriced and service is just so so. The decor and seating is nice and plush though, but I guess that's what you're paying for. Food was ok.
4	Fantastic pastas and huge portions. I would recommend their fish dishes. They are definitely pricey, but Lucca always cooks the fish perfectly. The service is great, and it is not typically crowded, even on a weekend. I can only give four stars though, because of these higher-than-necessary prices and the mediocre desserts. I've had the molten chocolate cake on two different occasions and both times it was overbaked. It ended up as solid, dry cake - not molten at all! However, for a nice dinner place I would highly recommend.
4	Filet Mignon is great but it is a little bit expensive. The waiter is not warm enough. The waiting time is a little bit long. Still, a nice and romantic place.
2	Absolutely not worth it.  First- the service was inexcusable.  The food was mediocre at best, and for the price we left extremely disappointed.  I am fairly sure that another table just got up and left in the middle of dinner.  I was really surprised at both the service and the food because it looks like a nice place and it is expensive.  I will never eat here again and I am super irritated that I wasted $80 on a crappy meal and crappy service.  I wish I could un-eat the meal.
3	I had a delicious pumpkin ravioli here this week. I often shy away from things that are too sweet (candies, aside) and I finished this dish without a tummy ache. Just sweet enough and filling; looked great on the plate. The decor was a bit outdated, but I didn't mind too much. Definitely a little pricey. I'd try this place again!
3	Good food, but not much to write home about. Went here on a date, fairly personal and romantic ambience.
4	Been wanting to go here for years!! After we saw a show in town we decided to stop here for dinner.  The mushroom and Brie soup was delicious. Hubby had the lamb and I had the pumpkin ravioli with mascarpone topped with toasted hazelnut.It's not cheap, but the food is oh so worth it. The one thing I would change is better lighting so the menu is easier to read. Will definitely go back!!
3	Found Lucca on Groupon and figured we'd give it a try.  We went on a Saturday night and sat at the bar.  The bar itself is small, and the bartender acted as if he would have rather been at the dentist having a root canal then working that night.  We started with the wedge salad and it was fresh, but nothing special. The spaghetti and meatballs, was rather bland, and lacked flavor.  The pasta was cooked perfectly, but the sauce had that metal taste, as if it came straight from the can.  The meatballs themselves (2) were ok, but lacked flavor.  The bartender never once came over to see how our meal was, and in fact we never saw him again until we were finished and ready for the bill.  Lucca does have nice ambiance, and is dimly lit.  Parking can be difficult, and you may have to park a few blocks away.  We would return with another Groupon, but not if paying full price.
