4	I like Simplicity Laser Hair Removal. I have the full body plan. I started going to them because of Groupon. I started at the Chandler location, but they moved three times and it pissed me off so I switched to Mesa, which is closer to my home anyways (Mesa wasn't open when I started and they won't let you switch locations if you are using Groupon).The laser at the Mesa location is better than the Chandler location. At Mesa it emits a cold blast only when the laser goes off. At Chandler it is all the time and gives me goose bumps.The staff is super friendly and pretty talkative. They seem to be interested in what you have to say.
1	Are you kidding me?Fair warning: I am super super annoyed right now....I bought a Groupon for this place August 29, 2011 for some underarm hair removal (yes, I'm too lazy to shave my pits) because it was a good deal and close to my home.  When I called for my initial appointment, they did not have anything available until mid-February.  Really?  Fine - I booked.Then they moved.  Now they are about ten miles from me.  Okay but annoying. The first session went well.  There was really no wait time or pain.  I was in and out quickly and booked my next appointment.  At the next appointment, they were able to complete one side (one armpit).  Then the machine broke.  It just wouldn't start back up.  Instead of them squeezing me in for the three minute treatment in another room with the other machine, they told me to call and reschedule the appointment.  Again, annoying, but things happen.The next appointment to get the other side done was within two weeks but I had to wait in the lobby for a while for my appointment.  Then there was confusion on the client being called back - there were two Katherine's and since I'd been waiting longer and the other Katherine didn't get up, I assumed it was me - of course it wasn't.  When I got back into the room, it turned out that it was the medical office that Simplicity shared an office whith that had called me back.  They brought me back to the waiting room and apologized for the confusion saying they weren't allowed to say last names because of privacy reasons.  What?  Never heard of that.  Whatever.My next session is scheduled for May 12th.  Today I get an email that THEY'VE MOVED AGAIN!  Now they are nearly 20 miles from me.  WTH??!!So I called, to make sure that I understood the email correctly, that they had moved again (of course no one had told me that they would be relocating during any of the sessions or phone calls).  They confirmed that yes, they did move today.I very politely said to the girl (she seemed VERY young) that I found this a little annoying that they'd moved once again.  She explained that it would be so much better now since they were not sharing an office anymore and relying on others.  She did NOT apologize. I asked well who can you communicate that to, that I've had to be inconvenienced with the equipment not working and now them moving further and further away?  Is there someone that you can let know?  She told me she would put a note on my file.  I said well, that's fine but will anyone see it?  Then she said, well I'm not really sure what you want to get out of this.  WHAT?!  I said well, all I'm trying to do is lodge a complaint with someone who would care that I've had such an annoying experience but it doesn't appear that is going to happen right now, so thank you.  She told me to have a nice day.  LOLI still have 4 more sessions to go through for my entire treatment.  I'm pretty bummed so far and can't really recommend this place.  I'm not even sure if the treatment has made a difference yet since I've only had two and supposedly it takes up to six.  :(
3	My first few experiences with Simplicity were less than stellar, but they have made some internal changes lately and seem to be getting things back in line with where a company of their size should be as far as customer service and organization. I bought my first Simplicity package through Groupon (underarms) and had to wait over 2 months for my first appointment. I also had an experience where I showed up for my 8am appointment and no one was there... no staff at all. When I called the main number they said that the one girl that was scheduled to be there called in sick. Needless to say, I was pretty upset (I got myself out of bed at 7am just for that one appointment and didn't get a call... AND they weren't able to get me in for 2 weeks after that appointment that they cancelled on me). Also, was frustrated that the Chandler location switched locations THREE TIMES in less than a year. But, after talking to a manager, it seems that they oversold their Groupons and were not prepared for that many customers at once (duh) and they had some pretty big issues with the locations in Chandler that caused them to move. Anywho, lately, I've had no issues. The gals at the Chandler location have been very nice and friendly, making me feel comfortable every time I'm there.
1	Well, if there was a way to do "zero" stars, I would.  I had called when I initially bought my Groupon but was told that it would be about 2 months before I could get in so I decided to wait and see what my schedule was for the fall.  I just called back today to set up an appointment and lo and behold, the girl told me that my Groupon had already been used...back when I initially called but didn't schedule anything.  There is nothing they can do about it apparently and now I have to take it up with Groupon.  What a joke!  I should have read the reviews before I bought the Groupon.
1	I had laser removal done several years ago at another place and each time I went I could see a difference in my hair growth.  I also broke out in hives which was not good but it did rid me of unwanted hair.  I have been to Simplicity twice and although I didn't get hives I have seen NO difference in hair growth.  I think they are extra cautious but to have no results is very disappointing.
