5	This was my first time ever getting the windows on a car tinted and I'm really glad I chose Sun Stoppers- Auto West! They took their time to explain the different options/ pricing they offer and were extremely patient with me thru my decision process. When it came time to install, Randy and Russell had me in and out of there in about 90 minutes or so. It would have been quicker but there was one car in front of me that they were finishing up when I arrived. They install with the old-school method here...no fancy computer cutters needed, like some of the newer, less experienced shops use. The edges are smooth and perfect and the glass is as clear as if it had been tinted at the factory. Apparently, they have over 50 years combined experience between them and the results prove it. Beautiful job, guys!I did have a minor issue with my rear window, due to what appeared to be a defect in the film, not in the installation. They got me right in and had the film replaced in well under an hour. Awesome customer service, good prices and great products and installation services. I would recommend to anyone considering having their windows tinted. Give these guys your business....they deserve it!
1	My experience was just terrible here.  Here are the reasons I hate this place:1.  The first time they put on the tint, they let a lot of dust and particles get into the tint, plus had a lot of bubbles after it dried.2.  Whatever they spray on the tint, made a complete mess inside and on the paint.  I had to polish and wax my car a couple times to get it out.3.  I went back to have it redone, this time the spray they used actually ate into the plastic cover over my gauges!4.  I call the number to what I thought was the main office listed online.  It turns out it was the owners cell phone.  I told him what happened and he just gave me an attitude and claimed the spray was harmless.  I told him it ate through the plastic.  They eventually paid for it but it was a hassle.  I would've never gone to this place if I knew it was going to be like this.  My advice is to stay away.
5	Very pleased.  They did a fabulous window tinting job with my Boss 302 Mustang and Volvo XC70 wagon at a reasonable price.  No mess and they got the work done promptly.  Very nice people who provide lots of information about the tinting process.  Recommended.
5	I recommend these guys %100, I reached out to them via email for a quote and had a prompt response. Within 24 hrs of first contact they tinted my jeep and car. They were very helpful in educating me on the different tint levels and quality. Everyone in the shop was very friendly and interactive. Great job guys, my cars look awesome now
1	This place is just terrible.  Had to go a couple times to get the tint right.  They made a mess inside and outside my car.  There are much better places.  Do research and go elsewhere.
1	My experience was just terrible here.  Here are the reasons I hate this place:1.  The first time they put on the tint, they let a lot of dust and particles get into the tint, plus had a lot of bubbles after it dried.2.  Whatever they spray on the tint, made a complete mess inside and on the paint.  I had to polish and wax my car a couple times to get it out.3.  I went back to have it redone, this time the spray they used actually ate into the plastic cover over my gauges!4.  I call the number to what I thought was the main office listed online.  It turns out it was the owners cell phone.  I told him what happened and he just gave me an attitude and claimed the spray was harmless.  I told him it ate through the plastic.  They eventually paid for it but it was a hassle.  I would've never gone to this place if I knew it was going to be like this.  My advice is to stay away.
