5	Just picked up the Tahoe with it's new water pump. The price was fair. Service was excellent. Friendly staff. Great location downtown Las Vegas. The repair was done the same day I dropped it off. The charge was reasonable and same as the estimate I was quoted over the phone before bringing it in. Thanks Howie's for a repair experience with no surprises and no disappointments!
5	I have been going here for years. I first read a story in Las Vegas Weekly almost 10 years ago about how downright honest this place is. I have never felt like I have been "taken". Several years ago I took a car in for some A/C work, they told me they were 90% sure what the problem was, but it needed to be hooked up to a diagnostic computer to be certain what the problem was...something they did not have at the time. They told me of a place to take the car to, and absolutely REFUSED to take any payment for the time they put into the vehicle. Who does THAT? Really?  I have many friends that have taken their car elswhere, felt ripped off, and I tell them about Howie"s and life is good again.
5	I think I just found the only honest mechanic in Vegas!Have been using Howies over the past few years. Have had them actually save me money. I know that they won't take advantage.
5	Moved to Las Vegas one week ago from Chantilly Virginia.  After driving 3000 miles across country is in 2003 Chevy Avalanche (pulling a UHaul trailer) the starter on my truck went.  I love yelp, so I looked for the best rated service repair shop based on personal reviews.  I found Howie's Auto Service.  They were kind on the phone and able to accomodate my schedule.  I arrived there at 8am and left by 10 with a new started and a vehcile that I no longer have to worry about breaking down on me.  The family they have there was friendly and made me feel very comfortable.  The owner even offered me a soda!  I woudl recommend this place to anyone living in Las Vegas (or elsewhere)...
5	I hit something that snagged some wires and pulled off the front undercarriage from my Saab, so based on Yelp reviews, I took it to Howie's. They immediately lifted the car, put everything back together and sent me on my way... for free! No charge and in under 10 minutes. These guys are awesome, honest and decent. Check them out if you're in Vegas and your car needs work.
1	Well I hate to be the first one to write a bad review, but with how much they wanted for repairs on my truck was ridiculous. I went to Howies based on the reviews on Yelp. I told them what I thought was wrong with my truck, but I did this to see if they would go along with it. Next thing I knew they agreed with what I said and gave me a labor quote for $1200, but 2/3 of the repairs they quoted weren't needed at all; those were the $$$ ones.  So I took my business elsewhere and had my truck good as new for $175 in labor.
5	We drove my 2004 Honda Civic from Phoenix to Las Vegas for my wife's birthday.  When we decided to drive up the strip towards downtown (our hotel was the Golden Nugget) my Civic's temperature indicator showed the car wanted to overheat.  As soon as we checked in, I scoured all review sites for a close by mechanic that people seemed to trust.  We settled on Howie's.I called the shop before they closed on Friday afternoon, and arranged to bring in my Civic first thing Saturday morning.  Howie's has half day hours on Saturdays, and the office manager told us that they could take a look at the car and see what the problem was.I was there at 8 am sharp when they opened the gates Saturday morning.  About an hour after dropping off the Civic, they called us and gave us the bad news-- we needed a new radiator..  Fortunately, the price that we were quoted for parts and labor was very reasonable.  But they were gong to have to order the part, and with only a half day Saturday, most likely it would be Monday morning before the car was ready.Only problem-- we were supposed to leave for Laughlin, NV on Sunday afternoon.  We had prepaid hotel reservations-- no ability to cancel and get a refund.  Plus, we'd have to get another hotel night in Las Vegas (not the worst problem, but still an extra expense)We asked very nicely if the repairs could be done by business close Saturday, and were given the realistic answer that Monday would be most likely., but that they would try.Ar 11:50 AM, our phone rang.  The car was ready.  We were about  twenty minutes away from booking that extra Sunday night in Vegas.We made it to Laughlin no problem, and also home to Phoenix.Howie's was good to us and provided us with a fair price.  And as out of towners, they could have tried to hold us at a disadvantage.  They were awesome.If you are visiting Las Vegas and are having car trouble, I highly recommend the people at Howie's.  If I lived in Las Vegas, Howie's would be my mechanic.
5	I have been waiting very patiently to write about Howie's because I wanted to make sure the service was good each time I had to go in. My car is a little old and when her radiator decided to crack about 4 inches, the head gasket decided to warp too. But I did not that at first. It took awhile for the effects of that to really come about in my car. So I had taken it in multiple times for overheating until he finally found the real culprit. Richie was my mechanic and he was very nice about it all. He was fair in price for sure, even with new breaks put in and a new head gasket that only took about a week and few days, I came in under budget. The rest of the staff is super nice. They drove me all the way to UNLV once when I had to drop it off. They explained things I asked about , because I like to know things about my car. And it has been two weeks since I got it back and she has been going strong. I may even try to drive her to Cali soon and see how she does. This place rocks and I doubt I will ever take my car anywhere else. Thank you all!
5	You found your new mechanic, so don't look any further!A friend referred me to Howie's and I can't thank her enough! Since I came to this town, I was scammed by a lot of mechanics. I was so unhappy that I considered only using public transportation.I figured I had nothing to lose by going here. What I found was a great bunch of folks that always seemed glad to see me and was ready to help me immediately. They always remembered my name and had a smile. They diagnosed problems quickly and accurately, had a very fair price, and even discussed any alternatives to get me by until I could go in for the full repairs. Their repairs were quick and, best of all, they did a fabulous job! I never had to come back with the same issue.I think Howie's is the only honest mechanic in this town and I'm very glad to have found him!
5	Broke down and they were honest and straight forward and showed me what broke in my car. I recommend them highly.
5	I was very happy with their service. I asked to have the oil changed and to check belts/hose. I was provided quick and informative service. I will recommend Howie's to my friends and family.
5	For the last 5 years, I have been bringing my cars to Howie's. I don't know if it's a good or bad thing that every time I'm there, they remember who I am! They even remembered if I got a different car and always ask how school is going.  One time they had to keep my car overnight and I didn't have a ride until late. The owner was kind enough to drive me home. Here, they won't "fix" something that doesn't need to be fixed & if there's a concern (on my part) about something on my car, they've answered my questions and educated me on signs to look for. Prices are always fair, the work is always solid, and I always leave here feeling like I got the best work done for my money.I can't recommend them enough.
