3	La Fonda is ok.  The food is your usual choice of Mexican, served up with a healthy dose of grease.  The salsa is average at best and they have been caught reusing salsa, so that is something to think about before you go. I also do not recommend getting a Long Island iced tea from this place, unless you consider a Long Island to be bad tequila, bad vodka and some coke.  I have been here twice and was pretty unimpressed both times, but the place is always busy and has been around for a while, so I might just order all the wrong things.
4	I've only been to La Fonda one time. I ordered the carne asada and was excellent. The best carne asada I've had at a Mexican place.  I've had my fair share living in CA, TX and now AZ. This place tops them all.I'll go back w/o a doubt to try other menu items!
4	When i was in Arizona golfing we saw this Mexican restaurant and decided to hit it up and try it out. We were pretty impressed with the food. I thought it was pretty good, especially the salsa. If i were to go to Arizona again and was near, i would go there for lunch.
4	If you wanna take me to get some Mexican, this is one of only three that I would pay for with my own money. This isn't gourmet or anything, but everything I have had here is super tasty, they have some of the best chips and salsa around, even if it is reused :)  It is kinda cramped inside when it is busy, but the seats are comfortable and it has been around for years and has some history.
3	This is just another ehhh mexican food joint in tempe. I don't know what it is but I just cant seem to find a stellar Mexican food restaurant in tempe. This place wasn't horrible or anything, but It wasn't so great that I need to go back.
3	We've been eating at La Fonda since I was about 7 years old, and believe me, that was a long time ago!Their food has always been pretty good, their chips freshly made and served hot most of the time and their servers frenquently have the kind of attitude of "Yeah honey what'll have?".I am very pleased they are still in business after all of these years, and even expanding to new locations. But don't look to La Fonda if you're searching from true Mexican food. They are very good "Americanized" Mexican cuisine, but there is nothing here that will surprise you very much.Don't get me wrong, I love this place, but let's be honest, it's very generic although it is done quite well. All of their options are tasty and plentiful. (The Nachos Grande are enough for 4 people easily.)You'll like it I promise, they just wont be winning any awards for originality any time soon.
4	La Fonda is my steady Mexican food joint in town. The best (Bar None) Chips and salsa in town..hands down. You will gorge yourself on the chips and salsa. The best red chili con carne. I never deviate from these two items..thats all I get. My wife likes the breakfast burrito, and a buddy swears by the albondigas soup. The margs are tasty but get the premium tequila (Patron). A pitcher is what I recommend.  If your into looks then this restaurant is not for you. I wouldn't be surprised to see things running across the floor. Its not fancy, some would call it a sty, but its all good in my book.
3	It was late....I was tired...the flight in from Dallas was kinda bumpy and long, but the thought of some non Tex-Mex mexican food brought me and a couple of friends to La Fonda. It's a small joint located at the end of a small strip mall area. One of my compadres, Ray, is a regular and the hostess greeted us warmly and joked with Ray as she walked us to our table.La Fonda's looks functional and minimalistic. There are no velvet paintings of bull fighters or senoritas with way too much eye makeup in here, but then again, velvet paintings are overrated. The chips were huge. The chips were hot. The chips totally rocked. I am not a huge salsa fan, but found their particular mix to be notably tasty. I ordered the Martguerita Chicken and while the portions of chicken were large, it was a bit on the dry side. The rice and beans that accompanied it were good, but not great. The impressive dish was the Supreme Nachos that Ray ordered. The plate was almost as big as he was and the goodies had to have weighed at least five pounds. Not surprisingly, he ate the WHOLE thing. Overall, La Fonda's delivered decent food at a decent price; however, our waitress (who apparently was the owner's daughter) appeared to have never waited on tables before. No drink refills without having to ask multiple times; no chip refills (another waitress got those for us); did not clear the dishes, and in general was just not good waitress material. Perhaps they were short staffed that night and she was drafted unwillingly into the position. Whatever the reason, it was a detriment to the meal. I do have to throw out a caveat here - the other waitresses seemed very attentive, friendly and professional as they bustled around the restaurant. It appears that we just happened to draw the short stick that night.
3	If cleanliness is next to godliness and you see me here in the afterlife, you'll know you didn't make it.  This place was a mess.  Not filthy as in never been cleaned, just a mess as in what kind of people have been eating here tonight?  There's a restaurant I love in Flagstaff called La Fonda.  So now I'll eat anywhere that shares the name, even if not the food.  This La Fonda I can't say I love, but I did like it.The chips were hot and obviously made in-house given the nice coating of grease at the bottom of the bowl.  They serve two salsas, a mild chunky one and a hotter chipotle one.  Both were very good.  I just pretended I hadn't read the review about the reused salsa.  I had a red chile chimichanga.  The red chile was excellent.  A little hot, but very flavorful, and the meat was well-trimmed and devoid of excessive fat and other non-edible parts.  The tortillas are better than some of the places here, but not on par with Carolina's of course.Our server was genuinely nice.  This and the rundown interior are a clue you've crossed the Scottsdale border.  Good enough I may come back sometime.
4	Okay, I favor down home Mexican food, and this places rocks!  Don't expect much by the way of decor - but since this doesn't affect the taste of the food, I'd rather not pay for it anyway!  :)  The place is an institution and the locals love it.  I love the hot sauce, while my husband prefers the strong onion salsa.  The refried beans are great and the shredded beef on the nachos is the best around.  If you're in south Scottsdale or north Tempe, check it out.  You can't beat the taste or price anywhere nearby.
5	La Fonda Mexican Food is an amazing find.  The BEST chips and salsa ever!  I absolutely love the shredded beef tacos and anything with Fundido sauce on it.  This restaurant has been here many years and is family owned.  The red and green sauces are the same from when they opened the restaurant (same location), back in the 60's.A very casual eclectic restaurant through the years.  If you want delicious sonoran style mexican food, look no further.  La Fonda is absolutely tasty!
2	I love a good hole-in-the-wall joint more then most, I will concider and overlook alot of things for good food too! One thing I cannot overlook is bad service.... Took the folks out for mom's birthday, Things were slow to get moving and just never got better.... The chips and salsa were good, I had the fajita's and they were good, Deb was doing soup app and soup entree', the tortilla soup and "Mexican meatball" soup...... sorry.... Should have been mexican onion soup! A bowl of onions with 2 meatballs!  My Dad had a taco salad, her Dad Chili con Carne and the birthday girl had green corn tamales. Nobody was impressed with their food.... Like I said, I liked my fajita's but they were just good, not impressive...Now, I beleive that everyone is entitled to a bad night and is worth a second chance but the reason I wont go back, After dinner I excused myself and asked the waitress if they could bring mom a flan with a birthday candle and sing happy birthday. Sure, no problem. She comes back, takes our dessert order, I ordered two coffee and baileys, which is ONE THE MENU and was told let me check on that. After about 10 minutes the dessert shows up, no candle, no happy birthday, no coffee with baileys and no did you want anything else!!!!! That was it for me...... Go to Taco Bell!
4	I have been coming here for years! The fried tacos are awesome and the margaritas are pretty good! I definitely don't come here because its fancy or anything but I believe its a step up from Filibertos (Filly B's)! The service is always great! I recommend this if you want real mexican food that isn't overpriced!
3	Good food, large portions, fair prices, but you will have a weird deja vu, because you've been to a 100 Mexican places just like La Fondas.
4	This place is delicious and cheap!We don't live in Tempe, so we don't get to come here often, but when we do it is a treat!We always get the marylou (which is a quesadilla type appetizer) with a side of sour cream and share! It's plenty of food for a meal and it all comes out to less than $15!Yea, the interior design isn't unique and the place isn't spotless...but it's been around for at least 10+ years! What can you expect from an old building?I'm just sayin'... if you're looking for some good, cheap and authentic Mexican food, La Fonda is where it is at.
2	Worse than Meh, but since the waitress was nice and the service was quick and efficient, I'll give them the second star. First off, this La Fonda is in no way related to the La Fonda Del Sol on Shea in North Scottsdale.  (See my review.) On other notes... -- the place has that funky antiseptic old-folks' home smell. -- the lunch crowd (4 or 5 other tables of diners) looked like most lived a pretty hard life. -- the booths could definitely use a good cleaning. Okay, so I went there for lunch today with my son, Jacob. The chips and salsa were okay, not great; the salsa was fine-- but certainly not like La Fonda Del Sol's-- and the chips were nice and hot but wet with grease. Jacob ordered a chicken fajita burrito with green sauce, and I ordered a small chicken nachos. Jacob's burro was not too bad. The green sauce was flavorful and really spicy (which I like more than him), but Jacob commented that the chicken seemed "a little gristly" and the bell peppers had a weird taste to them. My nachos, however, were inedible! They came with the shredded chicken sprinkled on top of the rest of the toppings. The chicken was lukewarm and really funky tasting.  Jacob was a bit annoyed and I think he thought I was being difficult because of their presentation until I made him taste the chicken. He quickly agreed that it was gross (and preceded to use his soda to cleanse his pallet). As I stated above, service was good, so the waitress was very nice, took away the offensive dish, and I ordered a machaca burrito with fundito sauce instead. The burro was okay, not great. Their machaca is minced very fine to almost a paste consistency (which I do not find very appealing --think dog food) and the fundito was okay but a bit bland. I wished that I had gone with the green sauce-- maybe even the chicken fajita filling as well.All in all, a pretty unpleasant experience. As I said, this would definitely be a one-star review if it wasn't for the service.
4	Probably the best red chile burro I've had here in the Valley.  Every time I come here I either get the special with a red burro, rice and beans or I order a red burro enchilada style.  The chile is spicy, the sauce is thick and the beef is cubed and not shredded.  It's great.La Fonda is an older joint.  If I was ever not with my full family of five people, I'd probably enjoy sitting in one of those smaller booths.  They're intimate while still crowded next to each other.Occasionally the waitresses are hit or miss.  For the most part, they are courteous and speedy. I love the chips and salsa.
3	Eh, pretty much just your average Mexican joint.I've been there twice and the first time was very good. 2nd time just average.I highly recommend the green chile tamale while the rice and bean burro was just bleh.Nothing special except for the price. Dinner for two, with tax and tip, was $21.
3	I've been to the La Fonda in Flagstaff and really enjoyed it, so I was looking forward to going to this location.  Turns out that they are not related. The family and I ate lunch there on Saturday.  It is a bit old, but clean enough.  The service was a little slow and not attentive either, but friendly. I ordered the carne asada chimi and was sorely disappointed.  It tasted like they added sugar...it was way too sweet.  It wasn't crispy like a chimi should be either.  I tried my son's red burro and wasn't impressed with the flavor of that either.  There was some good though:  I could have eaten their chips and hot sauce (not the chunky salsa, but the salsa roja) all day. Great chips and the hot sauce was very flavorful.  Their beans are also very tasty.  Next time (if there is one) I'll just order a bean and cheese burro.  By the way, the meals don't come with rice and beans like most places...you have to pay extra...a lot extra.  Booo!I was tempted to give two stars, but the chips and salsa were just too good.
4	This is our favorite family-run Mexican restaurant in the Tempe area. We have been coming to this place since we moved to the area in 1984, and they were well established by then. The recipes are traditional Sonoran style that I grew up with in Tucson and Flagstaff -- the recipes that made our region famous for Mexican food.The chips are served with fresh salsa. The serve an assortment of Mexican beers, and have some good, traditional margarita recipes. Try the chile relleno (with or without chicken), enchiladas, or any of the burros or chimichangas. Mmm.As far as the atmosphere goes, it is great for small families, and they can accommodate the occasional crowd of up to 8.
4	This was my first stop when I got to the city to visit my friend as we were starving an it was basically across the street from where she lived. I love small family owned hole in the wall style places so this was perfect for me. We sat out on the patio and I think because of that we kind of got forgotten about a couple times but it wasn't bad. We sat next to two retired couples doing a road trip across America stopping everywhere for everything. They were from Alabama, they were so cute I want to be just like that when I get old. The chips were hott and tasty but a little oily, no worries just cover them in the delicious salsa and its all good. I ordered the chicken lime salad and it was amazing. All the chicken had so much flavor and the salad was sitting on a crisp tortilla covered in beans and cheese. It was all soo good. My friend got the steak fajita and complained that the meat was a bit dry and it did look it so watch out for that. My other friend got the cheese enchilada plate and I could tell it must have been good because she was the first to clean her plate. The portions were plenty and the prices were right.
4	I am a transplant from Tucson who now lives in Scottsdale.  Since my move over 10 years ago, I have been trying to find a goto cheap Mexican food restaurant that I could depend on.  La Fonda is it.  For me, it's all about the enchilada sauce and La Fonda's is very good.  The food is reasonably priced and easy for take out.
4	One thing that is very difficult to find is a Mexican restaurant that does not cook their beans with lard. La Fonda's beans are veggie which is great because they are delicious. Great customer service, prices are ok and delicious food. I usually get the bean and cheese burrito-fundido style. Now that I'm moving closer to this area I will be eating here much more often!
1	I had only eaten at La Fonda's Mexican food restaurant three times. The first two experiences there were great. The staff during the day is the family that actually owns the business. The service was fast, food was hot and fresh, and waiter was friendly. However, the third time I ate there was for dinner with a friend of mine. We got there and had to wait around 20 minutes for a table. The reason being is it was a Saturday night and   the place had only two servers for the whole restaurant! What a nightmare! We decided to stay and have dinner since it was already 7 pm. We both ordered there standard margarita there which tasted like salt water....no flavor! Our chips and salsa were good like the other two previous visits prior. The chicken burritos we ordered were a disappointment. The meat inside was luke warm which made me a bit nervous. How long was the meat sitting? We were so disappointed we just up and walked out, never been back since. give this place a second thought before trying them out. it seems like a hit or miss kinda restaurant.
3	As we're part of the 'hood, La Fonda has been a frequent stop over the years. Sometimes the food is great, sometimes it is a bit below average. The chips and salsa are consistantly awesome. Margaritas are cheap and are good, not great. Never had bad service here. Overall a good value when you are hungry and thirsty, but I'd stop elsewhere when in a gourmet mood.
4	The food here deserves a solid four stars. The restaurant itself is pretty old and grimy, but I come here to eat some good Mexican food, not for the ambiance. They have the best chips and salsa in the area, second only to Mango's (but that's 20 minutes away, vs La Fonda which is 5). I do find it annoying that they charge you extra if you want chips and salsa with your to-go order. Because of that I have only ordered to-go once, and will usually eat in the restaurant, even though I'm always by myself. I love crispy shredded beef tacos and so that's what I typically order here. They are quite good, but not even close to the best. I have to add their red sauce in a jar to the taco just to give it some more flavor. Still one of the better tacos I've had here in AZ, though. I'm from LA so I'm super picky about my Mexican food. I do recommend the tortilla soup here, it's pretty tasty! I like the oily broth based tortilla soup, not southwestern style, and this one it pretty authentic. I think they should add avocado to it though! Service has always been decent: attentive, quick, and polite. North Tempe/South Scottsdale doesn't boast much in terms of great Mexican food, and in my opinion, this is the best place in that area.
3	I've been going to LaFondas for about 20 yrs on and off. Had cheese enchiladas today with rice and beans....very salty. Not sure if the salt was in all the dishes or just one...but almost too salty to eat. Also had a fish taco which was very good. I think I like Macayo's better.B.
4	The new location just opened close to me and I grew up going there as a kid in south Scottsdale.  I was hoping for a good experience and got it.  The service was great and our server recommended anything with fundido sauce, great recommendation.  My husband had spinach enchiladas in fundido sauce, awesome.  I got the green chile burro in fundido sauce, very good.   Nice atmosphere, certainly worth a visit.
4	Best chips and salsa
4	Well the move to bigger and better digs definately agrees with them! The food is actually better and the menu has been expanded. La Fonda has grown up and has lived up to its potenial. Go check them out.
2	The service here was really good and the margaritas are of decent strength.  The food wasn't very good, however.  Okay, it's probably my fault for ordering fish tacos that clearly state on the menu that the fish is fried.  But I didn't expect Gordon's fish stick pieces, some shredded iceberg lettuce and a whopping load of tartar sauce to be the consistency of a fish taco at a sit down Mexican restaurant.  It's not Pete's Fish and Chips or grandma's surprise fusion cooking, it's a freaking Mexican restaurant!I keep thinking about giving this place a second chance, but there are so many other Mexican places around.  Maybe it will remain a happy hour (for drinks and chips & salsa) only place for me.
