4	I think 300 East is great, but it isn't the best place to take a picky eater (especially a picky male eater) because the menu is lacking things like french fries, huge hamburgers, or chicken wings.  The food here is very fresh and original.  The lunch menu is predominately salads and sandwiches, while the dinner menu has more entrees.  While the food is great, it can get cowded for lunch or dinner, and the service is not extremely fast.  There are aften people hanging out here after work for a quick glass of wine and maybe and an appetizer.  If you have an hour or so to spend, you wont regret going here to eat.  I highly reccomend the Fall Salad with port soaked cherries, goat cheese, and pancetta dressing.***UPDATE: they changed their menu so i can't vouch for some of the new stuff.  also, after the menu change you no longer get a side item with your sandwich- i like the food but that's totally lame.
4	300 East is on East blvd.East Blvd has streets that shoot off it and on those streets you can find 1 million dollar houses. The people that live on those streets think 300 East is very very nice. Well it is pretty nice. The food is solid, the service is great, and the atmosphere is very comfortable.It must have been gay's night out, because there were tons of gay dudes there. Not that it bothered me at all, but moving out here last week from San Francisco, it was pretty interesting to see that in good ol' boy Charlotte. I had the sweet potato ravioli with gorgonzola sauce & walnuts as an app, and it was pretty good. The sauce was lacking gorgonzola in my opinion, and a tad over-priced for potatoes and dough.Next was the entree: Hangar steak medium rare (cooked perfectly) with horseradish sauce, mashed taters and carmelized onions & asparagus. The food was dissapointingly cold, but pretty damn good. I polished that fu#@ing plate.Vanilla ice cream on a brownie with carmel & chocolate syrup was also very good. brownie turned to mush and was freakin' splendid.All in all, great place. Maybe pricey for the casualness, but delicious none-the-less.
4	I used to go here for the fine dining experience with a low price. Their trout was $10 and chicken was $8. That was a couple years ago and this place has boomed with popularity.  They've raised their prices a bit, but its still a great place to eat.  I highly recommend the pecan trout and its a great place to people watch a more liberal crowd.  Dress Nice!
3	This is where I go when I want something tasty and reliable.  There's nothing unique or trendy -- just decent food.  I love the atmosphere and most of the waitstaff is competent.  I used to live a few blocks away, so I have eaten here many, many times over the years.  The menu's changed a few times, but I can honestly say there was only one time I wasn't too happy with my entree.  Great place to recover from a hangover with comfort foods.
4	This place makes a very nice romantic night spot.  It's very cozy and comfortable.  It would be a nice place to go if you want to impress your date, but not overwhelm them.  And that's my dating tip for the day.  Anyway, the salads here are really good, but it tends to get a bit crowded around lunch time so try to work around the crowd if you can.
4	300 East is located in a quaint Dilworth house. There is something fun and secretive about sitting in a booth tucked away in the second story of the house. The first time I ate here I had the gorgonzola-stuffed filet mignon, which was wrapped in bacon. Wow. It was delicious. The only problem is that no other entree there could ever compare. Still, the black bean and jerked chicken tortilla is really good (and half the price of the filet mignon).I'd suggest trying 300 East for lunch. It's a cheaper way to check out the restaurant. I recommend the pimento cheese filet burger or crabcake salad.
4	From the outside, you might think that 300 East is an expensive, very formal restaurant.  Quite the contrary.  While not McDonald's-casual, it's a casual setting in an historic house, and the prices are very reasonable for its Dilworth address.The menu is very contemporary.  They have traditional American items with a gourmet twist.  Their Ahi Tuna Burger is delicious (and for only about $10, it's a great deal), but I usually stick to soup and salad, as 300 East has a soup-and-salady feel to me.  The Soup of the Day (you can't go wrong no matter what it is) and Seared Ahi Tuna Salad (do you see a recurring theme here?) make a great, light combination.  And don't forget to add on their specialty Matilda Wong drink (you're only allowed two!).  Try to sit in a high-backed booth or outside on their nicely decorated terrace.  The booths provide an intimate dinner experience for you and a loved one or a small group of friends and the terrace allows you to enjoy the fresh air and relaxing atmosphere.  At least until some hoopty happens down East Blvd, spouting smoke and blaring music.
4	Only eaten here for lunch.  Nice casual atmosphere.  Great salads.  Need to go back to try entrees, but I liked this place.  Very reasonably priced.
3	Quaint location. Friendly service. The start and end were the highlights of the meal. House salad with Vinaigrette dressing to start was freshest I have had in a while.  Come to think of it, the only salad I have had in a while.  Note to self: eat more vegetables.  Finished with delicious desserts (Pumpkin Cheesecake & Callebaut Brownie are both excellent choices). A lot of interesting choices for Entree.  It was tough to choose something I recognized.  Went with Smoked Mozzarella Ravioli which was pretty good; but was definitely eclipsed by the dessert.
3	Another one of the many spots we hit up every week in CLT. It looks like an old house that was converted into a restaurant. Lots of personality and charm. The reason we go? 1/2 off wine on Wednesdays (Tuesday's is Nolen)The wait staff is average, expectations are met completely, but not really exceeded. The food is good, typical new American cuisine, but not amazing. I will say that i've never had a dish I didn't like...but that is balanced by saying that i've never had a dish that blew me away.I think this would be a great place to take a date, looks expensive, and has great atmosphere but it won't put a dent in your wallet.
4	The food was good as it usually is. We got Roasted chicken with brocolli and mashed potatoes and french onion soup as an appetizer. The food isn't out of this world, but worth the price and quality is worth a trip to check it out .Waiter could have been a little moreEnthusiastic.  Overall cool & hip atmosphere for an evening out.
4	Perfect "Charlotte" restaurant.    Everything on the menu is good and they have a menu that can please anyone.  Was on our regular date night rotation when we lived there.
4	This quaint little restaurant house never disappoints me. I've popped into 300 East many a time for a casual, affordable dinner and have thoroughly enjoyed my meals. The atmosphere itself is (as previously described)  is homey, albeit a bit dark. The staff have always been polite and helpful, but I've never had a problem that needed to be addressed. The restaurant offers a bevy of selections - some classic southern meals with a twist, but also some healthier options too. Their buttermilk fried chicken is unbelievable - I just wish it was a menu staple instead of a special. Other standouts are the sweet potato ravioli appetizer, fall salad and, when in season, the pumpkin cheesecake. This is definitely one of those restaurants that we always come back to - it's a Charlotte staple.
4	It's a great place to meet up with a smaller group of friends.  We had seven in our party.  Anything too much larger and it is going to be a tight squeeze.  The food was quite good and the presentation was nice as well.  I started off with the French Onion soup and then had the Grilled Gorgonzola-Stuffed Filet Mignon served on mashed potatoes along with asparagus.Overall, I enjoyed 300 East and would easily go again.
4	Best Hanger Steak I've had yet. In Charlotte of all places! So tender and flavorful.The special of the day, Sturgeon, was really moist and flavorful also. Probably the first time I liked a spicy mango salsa on top of my food. And I was pleasantly surprised at how well they cooked the coconut rice! Next time I would opt to skip the $3 special starter (pasta with mushrooms) only because it was nothing special and the entree was big enough to fill me up.The salmon was basted with what tasted like a sweet teriyaki glaze. Also good, but tasted very homemade, and I would try other items on the menu before returning to this one.The brownie is gooey on the inside and topped with ice cream. I also liked the blackberry apricot cobbler which really tasted like peaches and cherries? Maybe I'm hallucinating, but in any case, both desserts were good and plates were licked clean in record time.Minus one star because....I was not a fan of the complimentary bread, and the hummus was just decent. The main thing that bothered me was the noise level; I blame it on the half off wine special and the plethora of women who filled this place up, but the venue is fairly small and two stories and I had to yell to talk and lean over the table to hear anyone. Extra half star for the server being willing to split the bill to the exact penny!Tip: Accepts AMEX. Make reservations and sit al fresco!
4	Good location and food.  Pretty good value as well.  Wed deal was half price bottle of wine so we took advantage of the opportunity!
4	Just went back and the Asian Tuna burger was delicious!
5	This place has everything you could possibly want: a great atmosphere, delicious food, a diverse menu, a bar, and a decent staff.  On top of that it's in an amazing location!  I no longer live in Charlotte but I don't go back without eating at 300 East.One of the first things you'll notice about 300 East is its charm.  The restaurant was converted out of an old house.  It may sound weird, but it works!  The space has two levels and is very authentic.  There is also an outdoor seating area that is perfect for summer evenings.When you open the menu you'll find that there are some unique options to choose from.  They're all delicious.  My favorite is the usual.  That's what it's call: The Usual.  It's some of the best chicken salad I've ever had!Of course they have a good selection of alcoholic beverages to choose from.  And like the neighborhood itself, the liberal, off-beat staff is happy to recommend something for you.If you're the type of person who appreciates charm, authenticity, and good food, then go to 300 East!  You can thank me later.
3	Been to 300 East several times and it's always a good solid 3 for me. Located in an old house, the ambiance is great wen walking in. There's a great patio outside for those nice nights or cool Sunday morning brunches. They always seem to have a few specials on the chalkboard when you walk in, so make sure you check that out before sitting down, though the staff will tell you about them as well.Usually go with "The Usual", which is a open faced tuna sandwich with cheese, asparagus and mushrooms...surprisingly good. It's under $10, which is nice, thought it doesn't come with any sides. OK by me, but just letting you know. They have great appetizers including the sweet potato ravioli and goat cheese. Pimento cheese is just ok. The few pizzas they offer have a nice variety too. My favorite meal I had there was the buttermilk fried chicken. If this was on the menu permanently, I'd probably visit more.Great spot for a low-key date night and/or relaxing dinner.
4	Until recently, I had only eaten here for lunch so I was pleasantly surprised to like the evening atmosphere even better. 300 East is a Charlotte staple located in an old Dilworth house featuring global cuisine - a little American - a little Italian (sweet potato ravioli or wild mushroom pizza) - a little Asian (vegans- the seared ahi tuna salad without the tuna is outstanding: field greens, avocado, sesame dressing, grilled rice cakes, wasabi and shoyu glaze) and lots more. The vibe is very laid back but nice enough for a working lunch, dinner with friends, date night.
4	This place is super cozy and the food is AMAZING! My bff took me while I was in town visiting - we went TWICE! For dinner and for brunch. Both were so good. I had a salad for dinner and an omelete for brunch. The bar is very cute, also cozy, and lots of fun. We had great service as well.
5	This is one of the better places in Charlotte for good food and nice atmosphere.  The food is above average to great depending on what you get.  I like the Salmon.  There is also a nice outdoor space during the warmer months.
4	a solid dining experience was had 3.5 -4 stars leaning on the four side. We had a group of six - I suggest reservations as Saturday was pretty busy. Started with the warm goat cheese appetizer- wow delicious- a must try!I had the special which was a petit filet, crab cake, and   smashed potatoes with a chive hollandaise sauce. It was pretty delicious and decently priced $23. The meat was a little cool and under seasoned but It was nothing  worth sending back. The crab cake was very good.Service was nice and I highly recommend the Tilia Malbec !
5	300 East is a quaint little spot on the edge of the Dilworth community in an old house. Its a great place to get a group of friends together for dinner. The mood always seems to be lively there. They also have this amazing drink called the Matilda Wong, or as most call it "the Wong". They only allow you two so that should tell you just how strong it is. There service usually seems to be dead on, and they always know there menu quite well. I usually end up getting my favorite the Sonoma Salad with Chicken. If you like wine, they always have a special on Wednesday night where its half off a bottle of wine. I also definitely recommend making reservations if your going on a Friday or Saturday evening as they tend to get busy.
4	I cannot believe it's taken me six months to finally eat at 300 East.  Not only is it literally a hop, skip, and jump from my house, but it's been recommended to me by a number of people.  For some reason, though, it kept slipping my mind.WHY did I wait so long?  First, the menu is fantastic - lots of seasonal dishes, a range of ethnic cuisines, and a good number of vegetarian-friendly options, enough to make my wan, veggie-deprived heart pulse with happiness.  Second, I love the atmosphere.  Although I doubt I'd try to wrestle a large group here, the downstairs dining room seems about the perfect size for a two or three person party, with those lovely, two person wooden booths along the side.  The bar is small but looks like a fun place to have a drink, and the broad bank of windows overlooking East Blvd is a really selling point.I had the smoked mozzarella ravioli, which was inexplicably light and flavorful (and not at all overwhelmed by the smokiness of the cheese).  I tried my friend's potato cake and was delighted by how light and fluffy it was, with alternating hints of dill, cheese, and onion.  One star off for some initially poor service.  We arrived rather late and it took some doing to find the hostess so I could ask if they were still serving dinner.  Once we were seated, it took a little while for our server to approach us.  That said, once our server noticed us, she did a fine job taking care of us for the rest of the evening.I will say this: I'll be back, 300 East.  You're awesome.
4	I hit this place up for Charlotte Restaurant week and I was pretty impressed! 300 East is located in this cute house and has a very nice atmosphere. Dim lighting, close together tables and warm colored walls. The waitstaff were good about filling up your water and also getting food to you in a timely manner.I had the hummus, veggies & pita for my 1st course, followed by this phenomenal Winter Farro Salad, and finished off with some Rosemary-infused apple crisp. So amazing. The Farro Salad consisted of farro (a hearty, healthy grain) tossed with kale, butternut squash and mushrooms. There was just the right amount of oil and seasoning added to balance out the textures and flavors. Then the apple crisp- oh me oh my. The rosemary made all of the flavors in your average apple crisp pop. It was fantastic. Definitely recommend checking it out.
5	Have the smoked mozzarella ravioli which hit the spot. I was not super hungry so this was the perfect option. I was sat almost right away, thanks to making a reservation. The people ahead of us were told there was a 45 minute wait. I am glad I called earlier in the day. I saw some there menu item I need to try, so I'll be back.
4	I stopped in here for a late lunch and it has been years since I dined here and I was glad to see they have not lost any of their atmosphere and food quality.  I ordered the black bean and chicken tortilla and it was great, just spicy enough and very tasty and then for dessert, I washed the main meal down with the pumpkin cheesecake, Mmmmmmm.The service was above average and my drink never got to the bottom of the glass - thumbs up for the service!This is one solid restaurant in my books and I will go back for sure!!!
5	Since my first review, I've tried the following from the 300 East menu:- French onion soup - totally slurpable but probably because of the beef broth, woops!- Sweet Potato Ravioli - sinfully rich, both sweet and salty at the same time- Black Eyed Pea Falafel - fabulous- Wild Mushroom Pizza - mushroomy deliciousness- Roasted Butternut Squash Pizza - !!!!- Warm Farro Salad - a revelation, with wild earthiness in every bite- Black Bean and Green Chile Tortilla - flavorful but actually a little average- Warm Callebaut Chocolate Brownie - chocolatey as hell but also a little teeny bit average- White Chocolate Bread Pudding - BANGIN, best bread pudding EVERSeriously, sometimes I dream about the sweet potato ravioli.  I. Love. This. Place.
4	You have to try the Seared Ahi Tuna Salad. It's light for dinner, put some of the wasabi dressing on the soy sauce and put it over your salad. The portobello burger is also great. I really like the place, good service, good location and always something new to try.** Please fix the espresso machine, every time I go there .... "we are waiting for this piece that come from Italy bla bla bla"
4	This was the first time in four years I have been to the quaint little house on East Blvd. I pass it often and wonder how it is doing so last night I had ;the ever popular Groupon and I arrived there at 7:30 PM  We were greeted by a great Waitress named Tracy. She handled us with care all evening, and was a very informative server. We started out with the marinated goat cheese and  roasted garlic appetizer. It was delicious and paired with a Sebastiani Cabernet---Bellisimo! We then ordered three dishes for the table. The Hanger Steak served on a Potato cake, the Black Bean and Lime Chicken Tortilla, and the Warm Farro Salad with Roasted Squash. The Hanger Steak was a good size portion cooked exactly as ordered and quite tasty-the potato cake was soggy..needed to be crisped up. The Black Bean And Chicken Tortilla was just "okay" --- could have easily made it at home with three ingredients. But The Warm Farro Salad with Roasted Butternut Squash and Baby Kale and Winter greens and Toasted Pumpkins Seeds was over the moon----so good we moaned while eating it! Alas the Espresso machine is broken..so regular coffee and a Prune Spice Cake with Homemade Buttermilk Ice Cream was our ending. The cake and ice cream were delicious. I would  be traveling back to that darling little house again...the Farro salad is calling my name!!
4	Love this place!  Came for lunch with my best friend, who is also having her wedding rehearsal here in a few months.The food was delicious. I had the Amberjack fish with adobo sauce, brown rice, salsa and lime crema.  Amberjack I guess is not my fave fish, but everything else was really yummy.  Could have definitely gotten dessert, but watching the calories and knew I would be back in July for the rehearsal dinner.  Recommended!  The atmosphere is so cute, the restaurant takes up 2 floors of a gorgeous old house.
4	This is definitely one of my favorite date spots in Charlotte if you do not want to spend a million dollars and still get exceptional food in a romantic, but not stuffy atmosphere. 300 East is kind of hidden on East Boulevard in what used to be a house and has a quaint, romantic vibe. The tables are lit with candles and the booths are old wood and might not be the most comfortable but that makes the experience more unique. There are not a huge amount of tables in this restaurant because it literally is the size of a house but I've never had to wait long for a table. They do accept reservations, though, which I would suggest if you have a large party for a special occasion. I have dined here on several dates and for one of my birthday dinners with girlfriends, which was really nice as well. The atmosphere is laid back as no one seems to be in a hurry and folks usually order a cocktail or a glass of wine with their meal. The service is friendly and prompt. Each server I have had has always been very helpful in suggesting wines or deserts. There is a patio on the front of the house, where i have only sat once, but it seems to be pretty full on the nights that I walk in. There are only 2 restrooms in the restaurant, so if you drink too much water or a few beers and need to use the facilities, chances are you will have to wait in line outside of these one person restrooms. Unfortunately, these are right by the small bar downstairs, so sometimes it is a little awkward to have to stand very close to tables and bar patrons while doing the Pee-Pee dance. BUT if you don't use the restrooms here, I suggest you take a peek in that direction anyway because there is something that seems a little out of place here.. The typical "Women's and "Men's" signs are replaced by wood pieces in the shape of dogs. There is only one difference in between the two doggy signs. I will let you decide on what you think that may be... OK, enough potty talk.. for the good stuff. The food! I will admit, I have only had 2 different entrees here because my favorite is hard to stray from. It is... drum roll please... the Applewood Smoked Bacon-Wrapped Gorgonzola-Stuffed Filet. BAM! Who's hungry now?! I absolutely adore it! It has to be their most popular menu item at dinner, if I had to guess. I have also ordered the Black Bean and Chile Chicken Tortila and that was also very delicious! A little smaller of a portion and extremely inexpensive. My favorite appetizer here was probably the Baked Goat Cheese with Sun Dried Tomatoes as I am a big fan of goat cheese. The food is so affordable here also. Entrees range in price from about $10 - $22, with the filet I mentioned being the most expensive (but worth it!). I highly recommend 300 East for a 1st date or a special occasion with close friends and family. Try other menu items if you must, but I don't think you will be unhappy with the Gorgonzola filet!
4	This is hands-down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte, and every time I visit on business I try to make it there for a meal! This is fancy, delicious food in a comfortable atmosphere and lovely neighborhood. If I lived in Charlotte I would be here easily once a month, if not once a week!I so much prefer this to the ostentatiously-mod and not-near-as-delicious restaurants in Uptown!
2	I've had lunch here a few times but have never really been impressed. My last experience was probably just that. The food is nothing special and the service seems to always be worse. Not sure the servers like walking up the stairs to the top dining area.
4	Great ambiance! This place made me feel like a Charlotte 'insider' when I first moved here. Not for the faint of wallet though! A salad and a drink will set you back around $30 with tip. That said, it's still one of my favorite places to take out of towners who want a taste of the gracious south. Plus, the bathroom signage is hilarious.
5	I LOVED my whole experience at 300 East. Wonderful service, ambiance and great food all combined for a wonderful evening. Our waiter was Matthew and he was superb! He took photos for us outside, gave great recommendations and was very personable. I will definitely ask if he is there next time I go (oh... and there WILL be a next time). We had the Sweet Potato Ravioli as an appetizer and were tempted to order another...but held off for the main course.  My husband had the Hanger Steak which I will be ordering next time around...we had the steak special which was also amazing (if I had not tried the delicious wonderfulness which was the Hanger Steak). For dessert I had the Key Lime Brulee which I was so enamored with I can not even remember what the rest of the party had....I know we all left with smiles on our faces....that may have been also helped by the Half Price Bottle of wine (available certain nights of the week apparantly)!! All in all I would highly recommend 300 East...(ask for a booth though as first we were seated at a very small table for 4 in the middle of the restaurant...cramped and not very comfortable...no problem to move  and it was all sunshine and roses from there!!)
4	An "old" favorite! My friends and I have been regulars for over thirty years...going back to before they moved to this location. The fact that they have been around a while doesn't make it any less hip...they always manage to keep it fresh and attract a cool crowd. I was surprised tonight when we were unable to get a table at only 6:30pm. They explained that they had a large party that made seating difficult. We sat outside and had a nice dinner anyway. Just not quite what we were expecting. I did learn that they started taking reservations about a year ago...who knew?
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. Everyone is friendly. I like the atmosphere. I love going there for brunch!
3	Looking for a favorite reg. haunt, 300 East offers some great daily food and drink specials. We tend to visit on Wednesdays and Sundays, but since we live 2 blocks away, we are likely to drop in any time. As a vegetarian, I enjoy having plenty of options on the menu and we love to know much of the food is local.As regulars, we are usually treated well by most of the staff, as with any place some are friendlier than others; the chef doesn't offer up a warm and fuzzy disposition and has barked at me once or twice. When we go for brunch, we sometimes request one of our regular menu items. It's odd that some days they will accomodate and other times they refuse. All in all, we appreciate being close to a place with a nice ambience and great food, but perhaps a little more attention to recognition of regular customers goes a long way in a small community.
4	Went here with a friend upon visiting Charlotte, on her recommendation.  It was fabulous!  We had to wait an hour to get seated (on a Friday night) but it was absolutely worth it.  Our waitress was fantastic, and the food was awesome.  I had the bronze salmon with a potato pancake, rice and spinach.  Soooo good!  I highly recommend this place.
5	Awesome.  I arrived at the restaurant a bit dehydrated, tired and spent from a day of running around.  The waitstaff got me some carbohydrate and an iced tea, stat.  Once I was feeling better, I had a spicy tomato soup (yum), an amazing chicken dinner with mashed potatoes and greens (yummier!).  Can't beat the ambience here, and the waitstaff is super attentive and sweet.  Love this place!
5	We visited 300 East to celebrate our daughter's birthday and had a wonderful time!  We all had something different - 1/2 roasted chicken, Asian-Infused Shrimp, and the Gorgonzola stuffed Filet.  All three meals were superb and just the right amount!    Worth the trip !
4	Well established Dilworth restaurant in an old house.  Casual, yet a  'nice' feel.  A great place to meet up with friends, and also a great date place.   Easy going, yet can feel intimate (probably the lighting).  Food is very good, with many interesting specials.   I love their blackbean and chicken tortilla ( think salad/beans/avocado/salsa open face on tortilla).  Salad dressing are homemade and excellent.   Few places make a better classic balsamic vinaigrette.   If I haven't been for while, I always wonder why I stayed away so long.
4	I'm not sure why I havent reviewed this yet I have been many times for both lunch and dinner! The food is always good my favorite being the French Onion Soup! They also have a Sweet Potato Ravioli with a Gorgonzola Cream sauce with Walnuts I believe-really good! This place gets filled up quick especially in the prime time hours so make sure you get there a little early or a little after the rush!
4	Definitely like this place...If you are in for a calorie filled treat order "the usual."  I pretty much order something different every time I go.  For some reason my boyfriend does not like this place as much as I do.  Maybe bc the last time we went they stuffed him in the tiniest booth in the place, which I really loved but may be more suited for two women or maybe you shouldn't order "the usual" if you sit there.. ( :  I love the upstairs booths at night when they have the candles lit.  Always have great service.  Very reasonably priced wine and food.  Cute location.
4	This place was great.  The food was delicious, good service, and they serve alcohol - how can you go wrong with that?  That being said, I find them a little on the expensive side for what you get, but I'd still go back here again.
3	I've been to 300 East three times now, and it's always a solid "A-OK" for me. Located in a house on East Blvd, parking can be a bit tight on busy weekend evenings, but if you go during the week there should not be a problem. It's very comfy-cozy on the inside with dim lights and interesting decor. Quite a few tables on two floors inside and a small space outside for nice Charlotte nights. On my most recent visit I had the fall salad with chicken, which was  delicious. Goat cheese, port-cherries, and a pancetta dressing made those greens shine. Other menu options include southern cooking with some healthier options thrown in. And the service here tends to be good without being too overbearing. Definitely somewhere to stop by if only to try out the delicious pumpkin cheesecake in the fall. It is divine.
4	Can't say enough good things about this place. Lovely little restaurant in a great neighborhood. Ambiance is very nice and the service was top notch.I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad with greens, avocado, sesame dressing, grilled rice cakes, wasabi and shoyu glaze. This was seriously one of the best ahi tuna salads I have ever had -- it loved me long time.If you're in the mood for a drink, you must get the Matilda Wong. It's served in a small pitcher with a straw. Trust me, until your pitcher is empty, your lips will never leave that straw.
5	We are from out of town and my step daughter lives here and suggested 300east for dinner.  The restaurant is in a house and has an intimate vibe.  Cody was our server and was fantastic.  We had the sweet potato ravioli and the marinated goat cheese appetizer.  Both were home runs.  The sauce and walnuts on the sweet potatoe ravioli was fantastic.  Our group had the chicken, filet mignon, and the peaches and crispy country ham pizza.  The filet was ordered medium rare and was cooked perfectly.  The pizza was amazing.  For dessert we split the pumpkin cheesecake.  It was rich and tasty!  I can't give a higher recommendation!
4	1/2 price wine bottles on Wednesdays HOLLA!  I've always loved 300 East but I haven't been back in a long time.  For good drinks & apps 300 East is a great find.  Their sweet potato raviolis are unbelievable.  The salads are addicting add some crabmeat for some protein:)  I am not that crazy about the entrees that I've tried but it doesn't keep me from coming back.  I can't resist a restaurant in a house after all.
3	I was not excited about the current menu at 300 East.  However, the sweet potato ravioli appetizer served me well for a dinner entree.  Their wine list is quite adequate and the 1/2 off glass special on Monday was an added plus!   The staff were quick and polite, as always.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is quite cozy but comfortable.  I prefer being seated upstairs (where I always sit).  I especially look forward to a new menu and another visit so that I can grant them the four stars they deserve.
3	300 East is a very cute restaurant in a house tucked in Dilworth. The lady and I came here this past weekend (my first time!) for date night.Appertizers: Baked French Onion Soup. Loved it. Lots of cheese and a good amount of onions and croutons. The lady kept stealing my spoon to get some more for herself! Entrees: I ordered the Bistro Salad and the lady ordered the Filet Mignon with Gorgonzola Cheese. Hey, I'm confident in my masculinity and sometimes I just want a salad!Anyway, the salad was texturally interesting -- beets, pears, apricots, bacon -- the actual flavor was just alright. I enjoyed it, but don't think I will be making a repeat order.The filet was so-so, and cooked more of a medium than the medium rare we requested. Some whipped butter was awkwardly served on top. I know this isn't a steakhouse, but if you're going to serve steak there still needs to be some presentation!We split one of the Matilda Wongs ($11) -- very tasty! Be forewarned, its a sneaky drink. It goes down easy like any fruit drink, but this beverage has at least 3 liquors blended in. In short, I would have no problem coming again -- and updating my review -- but I think next time I might be sampling a few of their small plates (apps, soup, sandwiches, etc.) rather than entrees. Tip: The place started getting rather loud towards peak dinner time, I'd recommend coming earlier.
4	This is such a charming little place. I love coming here for Sunday brunch, and it's a wonderful spot to bring out of town guests. To beat the church crowd, I'd come before noon. Honestly, you'll be pleased with anything on the brunch menu. For something different, I recommend the Cajun Grilled Shrimp, which is actually more grits than shrimp. You get a few large seasoned shrimp with a bowl of cheesy grits topped with runny eggs. Oh . . . a cute quirk about this place is their bathrooms. You have to look at the dogs very, very carefully to figure out which is the male room and the bitch room :).
4	I got the pleasure of dining at 300 East last Sunday for brunch with some fabulous company, which always makes the meal taste better, right?We had SUCH a fun experience. Okay, I say this with hesitation....don't want too many people knowing this but... bellinis, mimosas, and bloody maries are all $3.50 on Sundays -- I'm going out on a limb here and saying -- lowest price brunch cocktail in the city. YUM.The place was clearly slammed so service was a little slower than one would like, however our waitress, who was clearly busy, was always friendly and attentive to details like refilling waters and clearing old champagne flutes from the bellinis we gleefully guzzled.When our food eventually came I was hungry and definitely ready to chow down. We all got the same thing -- crab cake benedict. YUM.  Arriving upon our plates and smelling fantastic was a huge crab cake, a large potato-chive cake, and bright asparagus (so tender and skinny with perfect light seasoning of salt and pepper.)  As if this wasn't glorious enough it was topped with two perfectly cooked sunny side up eggs, and drizzled with citrus hollandaise. The extra "citrus" in the hollandaise gave it such a bright fresh appeal, so it doesn't feel so heavy. I wanted to focus on the food, but cannot finish this review without speaking briefly on how quaint and charming the little Dilworth gem is on East Blvd. It is in an old house, and the booths feel extremely cozy and I could see how it would be romantic for a date night in the evening. Just make sure you go early, as this place will fill up for brunch pretty quickly. Enjoy!
5	I've been here several times and it never disappoints.  I think I get something different each time and I've always been in a group.  The only issue any of my friends has ever had was that there was too much cheese on her pizza.  The roasted chicken is great.  The Cap N Crunch French Toast they serve is great.  Service is a little more hands-off, but the orders are always right and refills are frequent enough.  I also hate the people who need to check on you every 2 seconds anyway.
4	While I still haven't made it here for brunch (sad panda), I somehow seem to make it here for lunch or dinner every other month or so. The ambiance is still casual and cozy and service is typically on point and friendly. A few items I've snacked on recently that I much appreciate:The Fall Salad: 4/5: This is my go-to. Direct from the menu it's: Port Soaked Cherries, Goat Cheese and Toasted Pine Nuts over Mixed Greens with Pancetta Dressing. The dressing doesn't really do it for me but, frankly, there are so many other delicious items nestled in this salad it doesn't seem to matter. The port soaked cherries and goat cheese make a beautiful match. Get it with chicken. Sweet Potato Ravioli: 5/5: If you seek the most delicious, creamy, dreamy, not-good-for-you plate, get the sweet potato ravioli. It's what fat dreams are made of. Hell, it's what my dreams are made of. Baked Goat Cheese Appetizer: 4/5: Um, yum. Tons of baked goat cheese with sun dried tomatoes and plenty 'o garlic. It's worth it. Save the mints for later. Fish tacos: 3.5/4: For a change of pace, I dig the fish tacos. They're fresh and tasty, but nothing that blows me away. They fill the void of a dinner that's a bit of a lighter fare. If you're never been to 300 East, I implore you to visit. There are just tons of great tasting items in this sweet little restaurant.
5	I recently planned my best friend's birthday party here and I have to tell you... I was thoroughly impressed! Making the reservation then changing it twice to accomodate additional people was not a problem. We arrived and from the moment we walked in the door it was awesome. Our server was on point never letting anyones glass or cocktail go empty! Very speedy and anticipated things I would have not thought of asking for until my food had arrived. The food... Let me begin by saying I had not been to 300 East in almost 14 years. The restaurant was chosen for sentimental reasons. Whatever the case may be, the food was just as spot on as it was when we went there in the past. I had the fish tacos but everything at the table looked just as delicious as the other. Moderately priced appetizers and entrees with 5 star quality! I would be more than happy to recommend this place to anyone looking for something a little more upscale yet casual. I say again... it was an amazing experience.
5	This is the food I want as my final meal when I'm sentenced to death or have hours to live on my deathbed... someone better bring me 300 EAST to ease my final moments! I literally dream about eating here. When my boyfriend and I have dinner at 300, he taunts me for sitting across from him with my mouth open, eyes glazed in the middle of a food-gasm.The prices are way too expensive, but they're totally worth it... This just means I'm only capable of visiting every few months because of the $$$.The service is good. Most of the time our servers are attentive and friendly, but recently we ending up waiting for over an hour for our entrees... something to do with the ticket printer?Now let's talk about the good stuff:-Baked Marinated Goat Cheese: Holy moly this appetizer is amazing! Rich goat cheese with whole cloves of garlic and sun-dried tomatoes.  This dish totally melts in your mouth. I recommend substituting the crusty bread for soft pita. Mmmmm.-Sweet Potato Ravioli: I DIE!! They only give you 4 pieces, but this stuff is so rich I'm not sure you could eat more than that. The Gorgonzola cream is what makes this dish, if the restaurant wasn't so classy I might pick up the plate and lick it clean. -Fall Salad: BEST SALAD IN MY LIFE! Hands down. Greens are super fresh, port-wine soaked cherries are the bomb, yummy pine nuts, and goat cheese a plenty.  I substitute the pancetta dressing for balsamic.PROS: heavenly food, fresh ingredients, diverse menu selection, vegetarian friendlyCONS: too expensive, limited parking, limited seating
4	Ashley Boyd, Michael and myself discussed my recent trip to 300 East and have straightened out any problems that existed during my dining experience.  As usual, if I had handled the misunderstanding during my visit there have been no misgivings when I departed the restaurant.I am looking forward to my next experience there very soon.
4	If you like sturdy Old Faithfuls, 300 East is the place for you. I've been dining here since 2002, and it never disappoints. It's a great place for lunch, which is usually when I end up at 300 East most often. Special memories are also a contributing factor for me, as I had my first date with my husband at 300. I like how, if you get attached to a menu item, chances are good that it will be available for years to come (as long as it's not a special). They introduce new things, but they keep a healthy selection of favorites. My favorite is a side. Their potato salad is perfect, in my book. Flavorful (garlic-y) but not overly so, on the drier side, not tangy, super fresh, and they use red potatoes. It goes exceptionally well with their genius Avocado BLT. They do a great job on salads, and I enjoy their hummus too. Desserts are usually delicious.They have a charming little patio. You can watch and listen to birds as you dine under the large tree in front of what was once a family home on East Boulevard. Inside, there are two floors. The first floor has a fireplace, and the cutest, coziest bar. Upstairs is open to below and very quaint. I always experience good service. Staff is laid back, friendly, and effective.The only things I don't love about 300 East is that the interior can get very loud, and just about all of the seats are very uncomfortable. The booths are made of old, very shallow benches whose backs are stick-straight. The space in each booth is super small and very cramped. The tables and chairs are more comfortable, but they're placed very close to each other - - cramped again. The restaurant is supposed to feel kind of shabby and casual, but I think it goes a little too far sometimes. Their tablecloths are always a bit worn and tired-looking. Overall, not a huge deal.It pleases me to know that, throughout times of vast and frequent change, 300 East is still around, still serving fresh, comforting, delicious dishes.
5	Charming, unique, great good, good selection of wine. I love sitting outside when the weather is nice. This quaint little house has a warm inviting ambiance.It has Dilworth written all over it. The grass fed burgers and Tuna Ahi Salad are the best. The Ahi Tuna salad is the best salad I have ever had -- hands down!
5	Absolutely delicious! I love the daily menu changes! Additionally, the outdoor seating is so relaxing. I am so thankful to have this restaurant in my neighborhood.
5	We were seated outside upon our request, we arrived on a Sunday, it was in the early evening, it was very peaceful and relaxing outside, this place has a very unique character about it, the food was outstanding, I will be certainly back again!!
4	Great experience at 300 East!  We had the Marinated Goat Cheese with Sundried Tomato and Garlic... it was fabulous.  It looks pretty basic but is packed with flavor!  My wife had the Ahi Tuna Salad and I had the burger with Onion Marmalade and Horseradish Cream.  Very good.  They follow the rules so they couldn't cook it medium rare.  Can't wait for that law to go away because the flavors in this would be great if the flavor wasn't grilled out of the meat!  We had a Warm Chocolate Brownie and it too was great.  It was 100 degrees that day so we opted for inside.  This is the perfect place to have a dinner or brunch outside if the temp is right.Tip : Wednesday is 1/2 Bottles of wine.  They have a great Sangiovese.
5	Great food. Stopped by after a Google search and came away very pleased. Great find! Sat outside in front, a bit of road noise didn't ruin the experience. There are only a few tables outside and it was very busy by 6:30.The pricing is typical for the quality of the food, the ambiance, and experience.
5	Outstanding service, well prepared and delicious food, 30-40ish clientele, great vibe and real Charlotte treasure.  I've been dining at 300 East for years and it always exceeds my expectations.  6 of us dined to celebrate a friend's birthday and had a great time.  Our server Matt, with dark hair, was hands-down the reason.  The best server in Charlotte.  He made the best recommendations, never made us wait, accommodated us at every request and was attentive to every detail including making sure we had cold water before we even sat down!  This guy is a pro in my book.  300 East will ALWAYS be right up there with the best on my list.
4	Ate here with my gf and our parents. It's a really cute place, though it is true that it is a little cramped and parking is chancy. However, we got first booth up the stairs which helped get us a little out of the way. And it wasn't too terribly loud, I would not call it quiet.On to the food. We started with the hummus which rocked. For mains, I ordered the Roasted Butternut Squash Pizza. It was delicious. My mom got the fish tacos, can't recall what everyone else ordered though we all came away pleased. Definitely would go here again.
4	As a member of the Matilda Wong society, I felt compelled to review old faithful... 300 East.I love the atmosphere.  Who can't be enamored with this old house in the heart of Dilworth?  I am not sure if she (the house) is considered a Grand Dame by historians and architects but it certainly is by me!  I love sitting downstairs in one of the booths to the right of the hostess stand for a long leisurely lunch on a Saturday, that may, or may not, include a glass of wine.  I love coming here in the Fall and sitting outside, hearing the fountain and looking at the sheep statue.  I love coming here in the Winter and sitting in the really small and cozy booth in the main dining room.  Really, I cannot think of a time when it isn't right to come here!The hummus plate is a delicious way to start your meal.  If you are lucky the white bean and gouda soup will be the daily soup offering.. it is bowl-licking good.  All the specials I have ever tried are delicious...  But, I tend to gravitate toward a salad or, my favorite, the black bean tortilla (with lots of fresh avacado!).  My hubbie likes the usual-- a grinder-ish type sandwich, the tuna, or whichever pasta is on the menu.There is a special drink here called the "Matilda Wong"  and it is very, very wong.  It used to come in a smallish fishbowl (think beta fish) but is now served in a small pitcher.  When I say it is "wong", I mean it is strong, it is good for sharing but, plan on having a responsible driver.  They cut you off after 2, as they should.  I think I have aged out of the ability to even share one...Nice wine list, half-priced wine nights.  This is a fun girls-night, or date night, or parents-are-in-town place.  -- funny to see your guests' reactions to the bathrooms--
4	300 East is a classic Dilworth establishment that has been open over 25 years. Many of the menu items have endured such as the Sonoma salad - one of my favorites and the Usual. They used to have an "Unusual" but it looks like that one is no longer regularly available. The setting is quaint and charming in a renovated old house and you must check out the cute signs that mark the bathrooms. A cozy full bar with a generous wine list is downstairs and there is seating upstairs, downstairs and on the patio out front. Lunch, dinner and brunch are served and a kids menu is available as well.I recently enjoyed the homemade pimento cheese dip as well as a crab cake sandwich. I tried the gazpacho, which was more of a tomato soup with chunks of veggies rather than the blended variety that I like better. On another visit I tried the goat cheese appetizer - delicious with sun dried tomatoes and roasted garlic - and the aforementioned Sonoma salad with chicken - love the Dijon mustard dressing and the inclusion of red potatoes. Desserts are also tasty including the peach cobbler with ice cream that I sampled. 300 East truly has an eclectic menu with several unique salads, pizzas and Mexican inspired options as well as a full sandwich and entree menu. Vegetarians will find plenty including black eyed pea falafel and farro saute. Definitely a fun and different place to dine in Charlotte.
5	First off... Order a "Wong"! Don't question. Just do! The most scrumptious, most deadly, most fantastic concoction of deliciousness to be had in liquid form. Now that that is out of the way. Order the special... whatever the special is just order it. Im not saying the rest of the menu is bad, it is fantastic in fact. BUT the specials they run are just... SPECIAL. I like feeling special and their specials do just that. Cool house converted to a restaurant makes an awesome atmosphere and cool neighborhood find. The place definitely fills up fast but with the help of opentable you can get a reservation and get a seat. There is a small bar that fills up but the bartenders are great. If you havent been to 300 East, GO!
3	Really fresh food with some creative dishes.  I loved the sesame glazed salmon, but the rest of the dinner (sides, apps, drinks, service) were pretty average, but not bad.The brunch, was good, but for the price, I would not go back.  Overall good food, but maybe a little bit overvalued.
4	This place totally lives up to it's positive Yelp reviews. Cute restaurant in Dilworth in an old home with lots of charm. Small bar area, some seating in upstairs loft area and small area with patio dining. Inside was a little tight for space and during peak of lunch got a bit crowded and a loud. Had lunch with a group of 3, we all had different salads-- all were FANTASTIC. Also split the brownie with salted caramel drizzle and ice cream for dessert- totally out of this world.
5	Another fabulous meal and great service at 300 East! Took friends from out of town and they loved it as well! 1/2 price bottles of wine on Sunday....everything we ordered was fabulous! Pork tenderloin, Hanger Steak...I tried the pumpkin seed, summer squash and bacon pizza...AMAZING!!!
4	Tucked away in an old house in Dilworth, 300 East is one of those Charlotte institutions that I'd never before visited, despite my being a QC native. This situation was rectified last week when we dropped in for a dinner with a friend. I immediately liked the place. I love restaurants in old houses, and 300 East is cozy without being uncomfortable. The decor is charming, with lots of gourds, beans, and such worked in. By the way, your first visit to the bathroom will be amusing.Service was friendly and attentive (and, incidentally, attractive). We started with the pimento cheese appetizer, which was delicious. For my entree, I ordered the chicken green chili tortilla--again, tasty. Our friend's fusilli with Italian sausage was the best thing at the table. Now I know what I'll order next time. Don't you love it when things are easy like that? Oh, and the prices were downright reasonable.I think we'll be back to 300 East in the near future. I hear a certain Matilda Wong calling my name...
5	300 East is a great stop. I've only eaten here once but I enjoyed it so much I plan to be back many times. The food is great, the atmosphere is phenomenal, and the staff is amazing. It's a place that is worth trying. Even if you don't love it as I did,you will find the experience to be a good one. If you go, make sure you visit the bathroom for a good chuckle. How do you know which is the men's and which is the women's. ;-)
5	Fav place in Charlotte--and that sweet potato ravioli... no joke changed my life. Best flavor for your buck in the city by far!
4	I'm not sure how we went so long without eating at 300 East but I am certainly glad that changed. We hit up dinner with a party of 6 for a nice family dinner. Originally the table for our reservation was up on the second floor, which looked nice a cozy but we had an octogenarian with us and those stairs were steep. They were quick to pull together a few tables on the lower level and reseat us, no problem!I had a hangar steak with horseradish sauce which was tasty for sure, but the winner for the dish was the potato cakes. They had just enough spice to make them really interesting. There is a good local beer selection on tap, so don't think you will have to compromise on your drink. The portions were generous but not grotesque and the server was sweet and quirky. I look forward to going back and trying out more of their fare as well as the neat looking glassed in patio they have.
4	French onion soup... mmmmm. definitely a stop when i come back to the city..
4	This was a great place to have dinner during my work trip to Charlotte. I busted out my trusty Yelp and was instantly interested. The restaurant is located in an old house on multiple floors. I had a glass of wine and ordered their crab cakes and a salad with a ton of really great ingredients. The service was great and attentive. I really enjoyed my meal and would make it a must stop on another trip to Charlotte.
4	Delicious. Great menu, tuna salad is incredible.
4	I met a friend here for dinner on a Thursday night.  He made a reservation via Open Table around 7:45pm, and it was ready for us upon arrival, though I really don't think we needed it that night!They had a few good food and drink specials....all local NC brew was $3 per pint!The food was good, and fresh!  I got the Glazed Salmon which came with deliciously flavored brown rice.  It was a nice size piece of Salmon and it was really tasty.  My friend got the Pork Loin, which was also good.  It came with mashed Sweet Potatoes and was topped with a sweet preserve.  We were there for a very long time chatting, and our server didn't rush us out at all.  We were actually one of two final tables left in the place.  We sipped on coffee and really enjoyed the evening!I hear they have a great patio there...looking forward to maybe seeing it another time.  The pictures on the bathroom doors are pretty funny.....it will for sure catch your attention!!!
4	We don't head down into Charlotte itself too often, but this Restaurant Week left us with a desire to explore outside out comfort zone in Lake Norman (plus the fact that we've hit every location in Lake Norman that participates in Restaurant Week.) 300 East's menu sounded pretty good, and the fact that wine was included with the meal made it a must. We made reservations via Open Table and then headed down last night to chow down.300 East is a small little restaurant that is quite cozy. We arrived on time and were promptly greeted and seated. The dining area has some tight quarters so it was louder than I would have liked a nice restaurant to be. Our server was kind of "meh" in that he didn't really have much personality and seemed rushed, which is very possible with it being Restaurant Week and the place was packed to capacity. I didn't glance at the main menu since we were there for Restaurant Week, but that particular menu was pretty solid. For wine I got the Pinot Grigio and the miss' had the Merlot. Both were pretty good, considering they were probably not the best in house since they were being included with the meal. For an appetizer I went with the crab cakes, and they were pretty good. I got two decent sized cakes that were definitely more crab than filler, which is always a good thing. They weren't too heavy either and came with a tasty sauce, roasted corn (which was an excellent topping to go with the crab) and some lettuce. It was a good appetizer and a great way to start the meal. The miss' went with the hummus, and her portion was huge. They gave her a generous bowl of hummus that was pretty darn good, and it came with some carrot and celery sticks and a ton of hot, fresh pita chips. The pita and hummus combo was really good, and I almost liked the hummus more than the crab cake. For dinner I went with the hanger steak. This bad boy was cooked to perfection (medium rare) and had a great overall flavor. I never had hanger steak before so I can't compare to previous meals, but it was slightly tough...not as tender as a ribeye would be. The steak was smothered in a horseradish sauce that wasn't bad at all, but very good. I was nervous about it since I'm not a huge fan of horseradish, but it was such a light note to the overall sauce that I enjoyed it. The steak was also topped with some onions, and that always makes a steak better! The steak came with mashed potatoes that were decent but nothing to write home about. BUT THE GREEN BEANS!!! I don't think I've ever ranted about a green veggie, and I doubt the next time will come too soon, but these damn green beans were freaking fantastic! They were cooked perfectly for me, and still had a firm snap to them. They were cooked in some kind of salt/butter/garlic sauce that was simply divine. The butteriness of the sauce definitely made it feel a bit sinful, but hey, I was eating veggies and loving it, so it's all good. The miss' had the sweet potato ravioli, and talk about sinful, these things were like a cheesy, creamy paradise. The ravioli themselves had a perfect texture to them, and the potato filling was great. The sauce was the kicker, and it was a rich, creamy, heavy gorgonzola-based sauce. We both agreed that it was tastetacular, but at the same time it was too much. There was so much sauce it was almost like a soup, and it was so rich that she couldn't eat too much of it before feeling full. If there was less sauce for the ravioli to swim in it would probably be a much better dinner option.For dessert I ordered the white chocolate brioche pudding, and this thing was great. It was a lot more custardy than other bread puddings I've had down here, so I think I was missing the texture of other bread puddings. Yet the flavors were spot on, and as I ate more of it and thought of it more like an actual pudding I enjoyed it more. The white chocolate flavor ran throughout, and the dessert was topped with these tiny espresso chips that brought a snap to the dish. The miss' went with the sweet potato cheesecake which wasn't overly rich, as far as cheesecakes go. The sweet potato flavor was great, and it was topped with these tasty crispy sweet potato crispy to offer some texture. Despite a few minor issues, 300 East provided a solid dining experience. I wouldn't be against a return visit at all, but with it being out of the way for us I don't know when we would make it down again. One last note...be careful when going to the restroom. It's a sneaky riddle you must solve in order to know which door leads to the men's and which is for the women-folk.
4	First time here last night and was very much pleased having gone based on the reviews and word of mouth - I'll also certainly be back as well. The staff was as friendly and nice as any and the ambiance low-key and relaxed at least on this night. The options of edibles was vast and so varied that I had a hard time choosing what I wanted to try, so my date and I started with the housemade pimento cheese with crackers and veggies, which didn't come with enough veggies for my liking but I'll let that slide given the excellence of the cheese.Next up was dinner - the options wildly varied in my opinion but all of it sounded(and smelled) amazing. I had the fusilli with hot sausage which was quite good I must say, but the sauce itself could use a little more flavor in it I think. My date chose the sweet potato ravioli covered with gorgonzola and toasted walnuts which was freaking awesome, never expected that - I wish I had gone that route myself kinda.I can't wait to visit again to try quite a few of the other menu options, along with the Matilda Wong I've heard so much about. All in all, 300 East was a great place and I look forward to visiting again.
4	300 is pretty great!  i have been there for dinner and brunch, and they both have been pretty good.  The restaurant is in a house, which is good because it is cozy, but the downside is that some of the tables are tight.  I really liked brunch because they do a new take on some classics!  Dinner, I was only there for a Price Fixe dinner, and very good! I would recommend this place, especially for brunch!
5	Delicious!!! Converted home into a nice brunch and dinner joint. It is definitely priced right for the amount of food and quality you receive. My girlfriend and I had the "Monte Cristo" with a raspberry and honey mustard dipping sauce along with the yellow split pea soup-AMAZING! I want to also give special kudos to our server, Heather, she was very attentive and personable! The entire staff is also very friendly! This place is a must especially for Brunch!
4	As I perused the menu at the bar of 300 East, I noticed who I assumed to be the chef sitting nearby doing paperwork. I saw an intriguing selection on the menu: Farro Saute which was a mixture of farro, wild mushrooms, butternut squash and kale. Not caring for mushrooms (yeah, I know.....) I turned to the woman and asked if she thought the chef would consider substituting something for the mushrooms. She understood my humor and asked how I liked roasted beets. I said absolutely! So she was very willing to please. The beets were a very nice substitution even though the entire dish was pink! Didn't mind a-tall. In addition to the farro saute, I ordered a cup of her split pea soup (almost as good as mine) -  so good I enjoyed it all the way home and had it finished before I hit the driveway.Either I'm really blind or TV at the bar dim and hard to see. I definitely recommend 300 East. In fact, I have a group visiting this week.
4	First time and the food was excellent... the place is small/intimate. Our waiter was a little 'much' with all his talking but overall enjoyed the food/experince. Only complaint was draft beer was warm and the glasses they were served in were warm which didnt help (we had two different beers) BF had the crabcake salad, said it was best west of charleston, I had the burger with pimento cheese and onion jam which was amazing, I ate the whole thing which I rarely do when eating out, BF did get one bite which he was lucky to get!
5	My go to place for special occasions, and celebrations. Amazing food and amazing service. The special is always outstanding. The Sweet Potato Ravioli lives up to it's reputation. My favorite restaurant in Charlotte.
5	Some friends and I hosted a baby shower at 300 East and had the BEST experience! We looked at having it at several places but one conversation with Mike at 300 East sealed the deal for us.  He was extremely helpful and responsive through the planning process and we were given a wonderful open area upstairs to gather.  Plus, unlike many Charlotte restaurants (read Amelie's), they did not charge us for the space! I highly recommend 300 East for a special event and will definitely host one there again.
4	I've been to 300 East now for both dinner and lunch and I can't choose a favorite. The location is splendid and conveniently located off of East Blvd, the old house is outfitted nicely to fit the targeted ambiance, and the food matches everything above. Our last visit consisted of a few apps and entrees: Baked French Onion - Small crock, croutons, textbook flavor, gratuitous provalone baked on top. Can't find a thing I don't love about it. Sweet Potato Ravioli - Nice mix of savory, sweet, and creamy flavors. A little too heavy on the cream sauce, but the rav was al dente and sang on the forefront with holiday-esque spice. Seared Ahi Tuna Salad - The dressings alone make this salad crave-worthy. Sesame, soy, ginger, hoisin, of which are perfectly balanced. The tuna was gorgeous and was even better with each bite. Much like aforementioned by the infamous Jeff S, the Matilda Wong is not only a right of passage for first-time 300 East-goers, but for booze lovers everywhere. It's 32oz pitcher, quite literally, filled with three different kinds of booze. It tastes like liquid candy and goodness gracious I love it. Parking is straight up atrocious. Forget about feeling comfortable leaving your car behind this old house. A half dozen signs screaming "Your car will be tortured by a towing service if left here." Not the most comforting parking arrangement. Find a space on the street if you can.Regardless, this place rules. Pricepoint is fair, food is great, booze is even better.
5	Favorite dishes: Sweet potato ravioli, baked goat cheese, and bistro salad ( they retired this recently, but hoping they bring it back). The usual is good and so is the filet. Love the cozy booths and friendly staff. Favorite spot in charlotte!
2	Here for restaurant week. The half chicken breast was dry and the ravioli was tough...
5	5 stars - that's right.  Shame on me for not coming here sooner.  The girlfriend and I were confused as to where to grab brunch and then BAM...300 East!  Upon arrival you figured it was a good place to eat judging by the volume of people there.  We decided sitting at the bar was fine and just a little tip here, you should sit there too!  The bartender there is fun and will keep up with strong libations.  We both had the daily special which was some take on a veggie fritatta and it was a perfect portion and the taste was fabulous.  In terms of what to order to drink, you have to get the "Matilda Wong".  Trust me, just do it.Decor is simple, it's an old house so the acoustics would be the only drawback but sitting at the bar I hardly even noticed that issue.
2	I really want to like 300 East. It's in a great location, the menu has some amazing sounding dishes and everyone I know loves it.My issue with 300 East is that I feel like I can make every thing I've ever ordered and I could make it with better flavor. I'm not a chef or anything close to being one, which is why 300 East has consistently left me disappointed. I've said it before and I will say it again, if I'm paying what 300 East charges, I want to be impressed by more than just the location and ambiance.
5	Food is wonderful, a great place for dinner or brunch!  Crab cake benedict... awesome!
4	We went for lunch on Sunday and were able to get a reservation an hour ahead. Very broad menu, satisfied both the breakfast cravings and the burger crowd. Service was good and the southern charm ambience was great for my out of town guests to get a feel for old Charlotte.
4	300 East is a favorite place of mine for brunch!  Located right on East Blvd near South - you can park on the street (and there may be a back lot).  It is an old house that was converted to a restaurant - this causes the acoustics to be a bit loud.  There is a bar downstairs where you can eat if they are too crowded to seat you for a bit.  When I was here recently I thoroughly enjoyed their special drink the 'Matilda Wong'!  It comes in a larger glass - formulated from their special mix.  It is addictive!  Perfect compliment to brunch - especially on a sunny day if you are sitting outside.The outside patio area is small but there is a nice fountain and you can look out over East blvd traffic.  Very nice on a sunny day!The food is very good - I always get the brunch specials.  The chef is always full of surprises.  Prices are very reasonable.  Service is super friendly and quick.  Love coming here!
5	Wonderful Food
5	One of my wife's favorite spots.  In delightful old home on East Blvd.  Great Chef = Great food.  Always tasty!!
3	Efficient service and decent food. The snadwiches and coffee are great. However, it would not qualify as a true brnch place.
5	In one of those strange turn of events, in the time before Yelp, my wife and I picked this place out of a phone book or hotel restaurant list.  Complete Restaurant Roulette!  What transpired was one of the greatest tragedies of our time.  I was not all that hungy, so I ordered a salad.  It was probably good, but I don't remember because my wife was accross the table with a thick juicy steak melting in her mouth.  She did not share because it was that good and I had apparently given her enough indication that I didn't want meat...poor choice.  To add injury to insult, behind my wife, at the table beyond, sat a couple of Gentlemen, one of whom was dressed like Elton John.  To this day, she recalls this as the best steak she has ever had.  It may or may not be true, but all these years later, The Steak, Elton John, and the quircky name/find of 300 East sticks out in the mind.Enjoy!
3	The fella and I visited 300 East today for Sunday brunch after numerous trips here for brunch and dinner with no review, so I figured it was time!I love the ambiance of the bungalow style house; it feels cozy and inviting, and since it's usually crowded, it can sometimes feel a little cramped, but that generally adds to the atmosphere for me.  If the weather would ever be nice when we're there, I'd love to sit on the quaint patio out front.Today, I got the granola (Greek yogurt with blueberries, strawberries and granola), and the fella got the breakfast pizza.  Our waitress said it was the size of a large dinner plate, when in fact, it completely dwarfed the plate.  The chorizo gave it a little spice, and the texture was perfect.  It's difficult to mess up granola, but it was pretty darn good.My only beef with 300 East is the service.  The times we went before they started using Open Table, our reservation was inevitably wrong every single time - they had us down for 3 people instead of 2, or they had our reservation 30 minutes earlier or later.  After using Open Table, the reservation process seems to have gotten better.  However, we made reservations today for 10:00 a.m. (when they open).  We got there and saw a family sitting outside waiting, and when we opened the unlocked door, the woman inside said they "weren't quite ready yet."  Odd.  After a large crowd started to grow outside, she finally popped her head out around 10:12 to say they were finally open.  After that, our waitress was spotty at best, and I had to go searching for another waitress when I needed something.    I've been holding off on reviewing 300 East, hoping the service would eventually measure up to the atmosphere and food, but after about 5 trips, I figured it wasn't going to get any better.  Too bad.
4	Great Brunch! We were a 4 top. 3 ordered from the specials menu.  1. Cheesecake filled French Toast  excellent with a Scoop of ice cream on top, cool and yummy. With side of bacon2. Crab cake with potato cake eggs on top. Excellent taste texture and presentation3. wild turkey free range omelet with avocado, cheese breakfast potatoesVery good4. Eggs Benedict with breakfast potatoes. Was very good!The breakfast potatoes are good and I am from NJ and these were just like home. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. Things to remember!There is an upstairs dining room. There are stairs here, lots of stairs. If you have a handicapped person in your party request a table downstairs. Dog lovers hear this. You can bring your dog but must sit outside on the porch/patio.   Plenty of parking street side and there is a lot in the back. There is an upscale consignment shop that looked interesting. I hear the dinner menu is great too! Enjoy enjoy
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte!  Located in an historic home, the ambiance is fantastic.  I especially love the flat breads, Sonoma salad, ravioli, and baked goat cheese!  Nice drink specials during the week as well.
4	Service was great, atmosphere is nice, food was great and not the norm. Try the sweet potato ravioli! They've got a fair selection of vegetarian options. Moderately pricey, $10-$16 an entree. Quite yummy.
5	I have been a fan of this place for more years than I care to admit. I have used it for dates, for life events, for business and for times when I just wanted to treat myself very, very well. The menu is awesome for 3 meals every day. I have driven from Charleston to have dinner there. I am a fan of the Roasted Free Range Chicken and the Black Bean & Green Chile Chicken Tortilla. If you don't like either one of those, everything else on the menu is top drawer. The people here understand how to create the perfect experience. It's not just a trendy place in the heart of Dilworth. It's the place that inspired Dilworth. The prices are exceptionally reasonable and the food quality is incredible. The wine list offers great pairings for the entire menu. If you get there early, treat yourself to a Matilda Wong. Those have made my job seem okay on more than one occasion. In a city the size of Charlotte, there are restaurant choices without end. This place will make you reconsider the culinary landscape. It is without a doubt a must see in Charlotte.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Everything I have tried on the menu is delicious and their desserts are fantastic!
4	Really I could give them 5 stars for atmosphere and food because I have been here for brunch, lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed. I had to knock them down one star for my most recent visit, only because the service was a little chaotic.Let me start by saying that I love 300 East.  It has a charming atmosphere, one that you would expect to see in Charleston.  They have a creative menu, different than any other restaurant in Charlotte and they are very reasonably priced.  I really have not had a bad thing here.  They are somewhat of a staple in the Dilworth area of Charlotte so the have the ability to attract people from everywhere!My most recent visit was yesterday for brunch.  The specials sounded divine!!  They offered a PB&J stuffed French toast!!  I follow them on FB so I see all of the daily specials and they sound heavenly every single day!  The whole brunch menu is just fabulous and pretty much covers all of your cravings.  They have all the basics, the benedicts, French toast, salads, wraps, soups, appetizers and then some of their more creative concoctions.My order was pretty basic--scrambled eggs, fruit, and bacon.  My friend ordered the French toast and literally licked her plate clean.  One thing I thought was interesting is the waitress asked us how we wanted our scrambled eggs:  Soft, medium or hard.  I can honestly say I have never been asked that before so I went with "hard."  The eggs came out to my satisfaction so I guess that was the right answer!The issue with this visit, as I mentioned earlier, was the service.  We sat there for about 10 minutes without being greeted, the drinks took FOREVER to arrive, we ordered an appetizer and it never came, I ordered hashbrowns for my side but I got a bagel, etc, etc etc.  I think it is so cool when servers can go from memory and not write anything down...but it quickly becomes uncool when their memory fails them and they botch the whole meal----ie, MY experience.  She was very apologetic and offered us a free mimosa or in this case orange juice with a splash of champagne but I really didn't want that and so it just sat there, wasted, unfortunately.  It isn't a big deal but it was a little annoying--no manager involvement, which I would have expected at a place like 300 East but again--no big deal.  They were super busy and so these things happen.  I still love them, no hard feelings but let's not let this happen again!!
4	Went here for restaurant week and was impressed.  My two companions both got the steak, and I swear it was a competition as to who could down it first.  My goat cheese appetizer was amazing, the salmon was great, and the bed of brown rice had been flavored perfectly...I usually don't eat brown rice but this was delicious.  All three courses were fantastic, the wine was good, service was good and the atmosphere was good - the old house does make it a little Charleston-ish, but this whole area of Charlotte is filled with similar places, so 300 doesn't stand out in that regard.
5	This restaurant was a great start for our stay in Charlotte. The menu options were plentiful and deliciously prepared. Great wine selection. Friendly service. Love that it is situated in an old house, which adds to the charm of the restaurant. I would definitely recommend it - for any casual or romantic occasion.
5	My first trip to 300 East was about 10 years ago, long before I used yelp. And I vaguely remember liking it, which is why, while visiting my folks in Charlotte, I decided to take them there for lunch. Money and time well-spent. The food was exceptional. Start off with the fact that, for the small size of this restaurant, they had at least 20 wines by the glass. And one was an Albarino. I don't know many restaurants that have that wine by the glass at all. Started with chips and guacamole. I have no idea what the seasoning was concocted with, but I was scraping the bowl. I usually don't behave this way in public.My mother's chicken salad was so-so, but good. Dad had the Sonoma Salad. Produce was unbelievably fresh and ranch dressing was made fresh moments before it was brought to us. You can taste that kind of detail. But the real compliment I have for this establishment was my chicken, bean, and green chile tortilla. Perfect amount of rice and beans on the bottom, topped with lettuce, chicken, salsa fresca, and a dab of sour cream. Beautiful presentation. Good service.This place has been around for over 25 years, and my old friend once told me that she liked everything on the menu. They have a reputation that is well-deserved.
5	Amazing service, classy-hipster-neovictorian vibe, a gluten free menu (delicious), and an even better regular menu (for my partner). Definitely a place to where we'll return. Go there, no worries about dress code, regardless of whether you're craving a romantic eve or a laid-back brunch. 5 stars, worth every one.
4	I've only been to 300 East for lunch - it's a short drive from my office.  But every time I've visited, I head back to work, full and happy.  Which can be difficult when you're on the verge of a food coma and you've got a deadline looming.300 East is a charming restaurant. I tend to order the Baked Marinated Goat Cheese appetizer and the Fall Salad with Chicken.  The baked goat cheese is heaven and comes with warm french bread.  The Fall Salad is full of port-soaked cherries, goat cheese, and pine nuts. (Yes, I love goat cheese).The service is warm and friendly and it can get really busy during the lunch rush which also means parking can get a bit tough.  If you can do lunch bit early - say 11:30ish - you're golden. You can also have lunch on the front patio on particularly nice days and take in the charm of the Dilworth neighborhood.
3	Overall, the food had excellent taste and texture but the service really let down the team.Good...I booked a reservation for Sunday brunch because I really hate waiting around for a table and when we arrived at 300 East, even though we were early, the hostess brought us right to a table despite others who had arrived ahead of us without a reservation.The food was excellent. I really enjoyed my crabcake benedict. Lots of crabmeat! The cheese grits were excellent. The coffee was good. My wife really enjoyed her meal as well. and especially her peach fizz.Bad...Service was slow. The food took a long while to appear and when it did, it was not very hot. Barely warm. But we *hate* sending food back and so we both dug in rather than complain.The wait for our check was a long one..There was a big chip in my water glass on the lip.$2.75 for a refillable cup of coffee. Really.The food was great but I can't really say that I would go back.
4	This is a pretty nice place-It is reasonably priced and the service was very good, so were the drinks.I ordered the salmon and it tasted very good, although it was a little dry.The atmosphere was very nice, although the restaurant is very small inside.This means that there isn't much room between the tables, hence I could hear the conversation held by everyone near me.Otherwise a very good place, would definitely recommend it to others.
3	Loved the location, loved the nice historic vibe inside and out!  I have only been once for brunch.  I had the basic eggs, bagel, bacon and potatoes.  I liked the food but didn't  love it.  Maybe  because what I ordered is food that most people can cook.   But I didn't expect jam and jelly in a little plastic package. We were seated upstairs in a nook which was quite cozy but all around us was chaos.  The place was packed.  The staff were very nice and friendly, but it was just really hectic and did I mention it was packed, I mean packed, not a bad thing to be busy at all but I felt like it took away from the experience as I felt part of the conversation in the party of 10 five inches from our table.   It was a baby shower.
4	Ate here for dinner with a friend and really enjoyed it. I've never had pimento cheese (not really popular up north) but that stuff was GOOD!! Also had the pork chop special with grilled stonefruit and Visalia onion sweet potatoes which was delish. The service was a bit weird. He was pretty attentive but just a little standoffish when interacting with us, not sure how to describe it. I'd definitely try this place again, I'd like to try out their brunch offerings.
3	I enjoy the Ahi tuna salad but haven't been impressed by anything else.
5	I'm so excited about 300 East! They surprised me with some delicious vegan options. Hubby and I went here for the first time and we had a hard time deciding where to sit. Outside on the cozy patio under the trees with cool lighting, or sit inside in the house converted to restaurant. We decided to sit inside because I wanted to experience the ambiance of the restaurant.  We were seated upstairs at a 2 top table tucked away in a corner. The seating is limited inside so the place stays full but it doesn't feel crowded. It took our waitress a little time to get to us at first, but when she finally got to us she said she just finished washing a rum and coke off of her shirt. We gave her a second chance due to the drink spill and she was great for the rest of the visit. She even touched on one of my pet peeves by taking our entire order without writing anything down but she didn't miss a single thing.I'm not sure if it was the Matilda Wong talking (small pitcher of mixed drink), but I had the best falafel of my life here. I had to leave off the tzatziki sauce because it contains dairy and the falafel was still so flavorful! The texture was great, not too dry and I have no idea what kind of seasoning they used but it was amazing. Add some lettuce, tomato, onion, and carrot salad to top it off. Perfection. Hubby had the streetcar veggie burger (minus pepperjack) and it was also very good.Thank you 300 East, we will be back to see you soon!
4	The wife and I enjoyed our lunch very much.  You will receive the freshest food here.  The pimiento cheese spread is to die for.  Try the shrimp BLT panini it is fabulous.  If you like burgers give them a try too.
5	Hands down one the coolest restaurants in charlotte! This place has fantastic good for foodies. I've never had a bad meal here at any time of day. The atmosphere is quaint and quirky. The service has always been impeccable and the servers always make great suggestions. The goat cheese appetizer is amazing as is the ravioli! Their brunch is quite amazing as well.
5	I ended up here on a whim and I'm glad that I did. The decor of 300 East is beautiful and rustic. The staff was helpful and friendly and was very patient as I glanced over the menu.  I ordered the veggie burger with the season pumpkin Mac and cheese and my taste buds were delighted. I also ordered a side of the root vegetable soup with the goat cheese and it was phenomenal!!! This will be on my list for go to places in the future!
5	This was a delicious experience!! Shrimp Blt is amazing. Potato cake is yummy. Service is delightful. It's adorable in here too! Definitely coming again!
5	AMAZING! Delicious food and great service! Love the building it is in... Full bar (although it was too early to drink for me). Got the veggie burger and it was the best!!!
3	Cute little spot! Nice ambiance, ok food. The BF & I ate here for our birthday dinner over the summer. Honestly the only reason why I wanted to come here was because I was curious about the Matilda Wong.. it was even better than I imagined.. seriously drop what you're doing & get. it. NOWWe started off with the Sweet Potato Ravioli with the Gorgonzola Cream sauce. Four pieces of delicious ravioli, but I didn't really care for the creamy sauce- it was a little too rich & salty for my taste. LOVED the ravioli itself though. It was topped with walnuts & served with some bread. For entrees, BF got the Hanger Steak & I tried the Muffuletta Pizza without meat. BF liked the steak, but my pizza, while it looked good, was so damn salty! Must be because of the olive spread but jeez.. Nothing that another Matilda Wong couldn't remedy though :)We split a dessert, but I don't remember what it was.. it had been a few months since we ate here. Guess that means it wasn't horrible, but also wasn't memorable :(I would come here again & try a different entree.. perhaps the Farro Saute? I found the prices to be pretty reasonable: $12 for ravioli, $12 for the pizza, & I think around $20 for the steak, probably under $10 for the dessert .. & $11 for each mini pitcher of the Wong.. hell yeah
4	This is a staple in Charlotte's "American" restaurant scene. Somehow I have never eaten here until recently. First visit was for brunch a few months ago. It was a good brunch. Portion was generous for the price. Best part was the Maltida Wong pitcher. Between the cocktail, the historic house and the pretty dishes, it was a glorious morning.Fast forward to November, after much consideration, I decided to take my parents here for Mom's birthday dinner. The main appeal is the easy menu that fits everyone's palate. My parents, who don't go out much, enjoyed the ambience. Something is very nice about a cozy old home serving as restaurant.We ordered the Bronzed Sesame Salmon ($16), Grilled Hanger Steak ($18) and Seared Ahi Tuna Salad ($14.25). We also started with the French Onion Soup ($6.25). Overall the food was good. Mom liked the salmon but it looked a little plain to me. Dad's steak was the best of the three dishes. My salad was good, but I think they could have given me more than 2 thin slices of tuna for that price. But for the quality of food and the price, I was happy with the dinner.Best yet, they knew it was my mom's birthday and brought out a complimentary brownie sundae. It turned out to be the highlight of the dinner. We're not much of a sweet tooth, but the brownie was delicious and the vanilla ice cream was creamy & rich. Just so you all know how satisfied I was with that night's dinner: it was Panthers Monday Night game against the Patriots that night, and I didn't feel as bum out after the dinner and sundae (and don't forget half price glass of wine)!
5	We come to 300 East at least twice a month for their Sunday brunch - that would be at least every other weekend. Between the two of us, we get either two orders of the breakfast burrito (with chorizo) or one order of the breakfast burrito and whatever french toast special they are featuring that day. I love their focus on fresh, local produce. Everything just tastes very fresh and good. I've brought several out-of-towners here - for the food as well as for the atmosphere of the restaurant. As noted by several other reviewers, 300 East is located inside of a converted house. I think it really gives a feel for the Dilworth neighborhood.Service has always been really great here. Depending on the weekend, you might need to make reservations, but if you can get in before 11am for brunch, you'll generally be ok just walking in.
4	Unique place in historic dilwoth home. Unique menu with local options. Friendly non-corporate vibe. Most importantly great food!  Only negative is its loud and temps can vary to extremes but this is part of the charm of its location.
5	Excellent Southern-style bistro. Try the piemento grilled cheese sandwich!The experience from  the Hostess greeting and seating us to truly superb service made for a great lunch.
5	This is one of my favorite places in Charlotte.  Farm to table, menu changes seasonly and is always amazing. There is not one bad item on the menu but I do suggest 'The Usual' and the 'Avocado BLT'
4	I love this place! Great brunch! I love the goat cheese appetizer!
5	This Dilworth institution never skips a beat.  The menu is a great mix of eclectic items and southern charm.  If you can grab a hard to get patio table, it is the perfect place to enjoy the heart of Dilworth.
5	So good you will leave in a food coma. Every ire is worth it and you can hear other other dinners whisper "delicious" "best crab cake" "better than...." ;-) you'll love the quaint decorations in this two story house complete with outdoor patio!
4	300 East is adorable. I love the setting of a cozy house, complete with a large front porch, staircase and balcony overlooking the front of the restaurant. I made a reservation for Saturday on Yelp and we were seated promptly upon our arrival, being lead upstairs to the cute little dining space. At a private-ish table for two, we sat along the wall and were greeted by a very friendly server. I had a (non-alco) Peach Fizz, served to me in a wine glass, while my boyfriend had a red wine. We started with the falafel app- super good with great flavors accompanying it. I was torn between the pork, the filet and the crab cake, yet somehow decided on the farro saute- our server suggested I add salmon to it, so I also added a crab cake side- available for $9 to add to any entree! I adore farro and vegetarian entrees so the salmon + crab combo was a perfect addition to this dish.I really love the ambiance of 300 East- food was solid and the cozy atmosphere was even better. It would be great to come back for brunch or on a sunny day- I hear they put tables out front when it's warm!
5	I went here today after searching for somewhere to get brunch. I got one of the specials, snickers French toast, and two $3.50 bellinis. The French toast was AMAZING I ate ever last bite. The atmosphere was really cool, it felt like walking into someone's house. I'll definitely be back to check out the other menus.
5	There is a special place in my heart for houses turned into restaurants, or restaurants made to look like houses, so naturally I had to love 300 East. It's really cool that they have very revealing windows that really show off the inside of the establishment -  oh 300 East, how you teased me when I looked at you while driving past.So Sunday finally came and we stopped by for brunch! One of us ordered the Breakfast Pizza, which was definitely more than one person could finish (well.... I could have finished it by myself...). Another person ordered the Brioche French Toast to satisfy her sweet tooth, which definitely did the job as well.Personally, I can't ever say no to crabcakes, Hollandaise sauce, or anything "Benedict-y," which was perfect because I ordered the Crabcake Benedict, which came with a side of asparagus and includes 1 crabcake and 1 small potato pancake. I really enjoyed it!
5	300 East is an underrated crown jewel of Charlotte. The house setting with a beautiful front porch and balcony area makes it feel like you're eating in the comfort of someone's home. I've been to this place a few times, and brought a couple of my friends here as well.  Breakfast Pizza: HUGE portion and every last bite was delicious. Whoever came up with putting a sunny side up egg on top of a pizza is a marvelous person. Crabcake Benedict: I've had this myself, and my friend has ordered this as well and we both really enjoyed it. The crabcake is made so well and there are so many different flavors in this plate alone, there is just no way you can be disappointed.The staff is really friendly and welcoming. This is definitely a place I recommend to friends and family and definitely a place I'll go back to at some point.
5	Really great atmosphere! Good thing we had reservations! It was packed at 3pm on a Sunday! Yummy food. I had the goat cheese salad with grilled chicken. Next time I hope I get to sit upstairs! Cool atmosphere!
5	Went here for for valentines day dinner and it was great. GF and I ordered the hangar steak and it was great! I am definitely going back again.
4	I have probably tried just about everything on this menu & I will say it is consistent & therefore, I often frequent 300 East for both dinner & brunch.On the dinner menu, for appetizers my go-to's are usually the hummus or guacamole. The sweet potato ravioli is good, but so rich & really unhealthy so I try to order this every so often. The french onion soup is also really good... especially if you are a cheese lover.As far as personal favorites, I alternate between the Ahi Tuna Salad, Seasonal Farro Saute, Bronzed Seared Salmon, & Fish Tacos. Out of these, I probably order the Farro Saute the most, and depending on my mood, sub the shrimp for salmon or chicken. I will say that I am not impressed by their pizzas whatsoever so I would recommend to order around them.As for dessert, the Lavender-Vanilla Bean Creme Caramel... c'est bon. Highly recommend trying at least once. It's not every day you can get lavender infused flan!Moving onward to brunch... 300 East has one of my favorite brunches in the Charlotte. You can't really go wrong with anything you order. Plus all bellinis & mimosas are $3... who can complain about that?PS--Sunday's & Wednesday's they have half-priced bottles of vino. Enjoy!
5	First time there and I was impressed. An old house turned into a restaurant- very quaint! The ambiance is romantic and would be great for a date or even dinner with a friend. I got the seared Ahi Tuna salad- AMAZING. Wait staff was quick and knowledgable. I will definitely be returning!
5	Stopped in on a Sunday evening and was promptly seated. Restaurant is a really nicely converted home with two stories. Sat upstairs and ordered two sodas the black-eye pea falafel for an appetizer and chicken tortilla entree. They were more than happy to substitute the flour tortilla with corn to deal with gluten intolerances at the table. Walked out with full meal for two for under $35 with tip. Really dig this place. Highly recommend. Took me minute to figure out which bathroom to go into. You'll know what I mean when you see it.
5	My boyfriend and I have been here this past Valentine's Day and the year before and have made the awesome decision to make it a tradition. We've only been seated upstairs which is a little tight, but everything else makes up for it. They do a special for Valentine's day that includes a 3 course meal and each course was literally perfect. The staff has always been wonderful as well. My boyfriend and I also love the atmosphere - very cozy and romantic. Can't wait to go back!
4	Good lunch spot.  A cute house with lots of booths and tables. American and Healthy cuisine. Lots of choices for sandwiches, salads, burgers and veggie burgers. Good soups too!I really enjoyed the Spiced Harvest Salad - I love the pumpkin on it and the sweet potatoes and pumpkin seeds...   very tasty!
5	I absolutely love this place. It is charming, intimate & adorable. The food was great! I ordered the crab cake sandwich which was yummy. The peach drink was fabulous & the salted caramel brownie sundae was scrumptious. One of my favorite meals in Charlotte. I will be coming back soon!
4	A very nice place. I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch, my salad was nice and fresh and my guess enjoyed their meals also. The view is very nice if you get a window seat and the service is very efficient and I would recommend it to a friend. Anytime you're in Charlotte stop by and have a nice meal there.
4	Yummy food and great service. Celebrated my birthday there and a wonderful time was had by all
4	Friendly staff who are knowledable about the food, yes! Farro dish with chicken, yes! Grass fed burger, needs something. Maybe a bit of a fatty meat mixed in for richer flavor? Great value for really good food. Coffee excellent. Desserts, excellent.
4	Food was good. I had a very annoying light coming thru a window shade which they could not correct but they did try. I most certainly would go back. My wife and her mother both enjoyed their food too(salads).service was quite good. Reasonably priced.
4	300 East is in a great space, and the menu offers up a little something for everyone. But little hiccups all around held things back from greatness.  For example, big personal pizzas were great, but the oily bath that collected beneath the slices? Not so great.  A few solid local beers but not a stand-out beer or cocktail menu.  Overall, good upscale casual dining, but a long ways from greatness.
5	Great atmosphere, food, drinks and serviceI've been to 300 East dozens of times over the years.  The menu is interesting, the food is consistently fresh and good, the service efficient and friendly.  Now that spring seems to have finally arrived, I'm looking forward to dining on the beautiful patio!
3	This restaurant has always been  a favorite and a great consistent experience, but the last two time I have gone the service has been lacking....about a month ago we stopped in for Sunday brunch, we were seated upstairs but a server didn't ever come to our table, after about 15 min we got walked downstairs to the bar, ordered a Bloody Mary and lunch at the bar.  Theta bartender was great, we told her what happened she bought us a round of bloodys and said they were short staffed as the patio was open that day due to the warm weather.This past Sunday we went for brunch,  ordered had a Bloody Mary all was good.  The server showed with two out if three entrees and was very honest that she had dropped our third guests entree, but they were making another .  We started eating and 25 min later she showed up with the third entree, two of us had furnished eating, and he ended up eating alone.   She apologized, but I would have thought his entree would have been on the house, as a good faith jesters.  Won't be so quick. To go back, and we. Have back Going there for over 20 yrs.      feeling disappointed !
1	My boyfriend and I came here for one of our very first dates and since then have come back to 300 East often for special occassions. We request the same booth each time, and have yet to have a bad experience... until last night. We had dinner at 300 East yesterday evening to celebrate my birthday. After being seated, we ordered drinks and my boyfriend let our waiter, Michael, know it was my birthday as he was looking at my ID. The point here is that he knew it was a special occassion.Our appetizer came and was great, however when our meal came my gorgonzola filet was so undercooked that it was actually unappetizing. We waited for Michael to return, however after about ten minutes finally had to walk up to the bar to flag down a waiter to send him over. He did not apologize for the steak coming out raw, but did take it back to the kitchen. Another ten minutes later he returned with my meal. The steak, which was the original one served to me, was now a mangled piece of unedible meat. Tough to cut or chew, and needless to say less than enjoyable. After a bite or two, I had lost my appetitie. When he came back to our table, he asked if I was still working on my meal or if I'd like a box. I said no, and before I could even get out that the meal was not up to par and quite frankly inedible, he had walked away with the dish, again with no apology.Sadly, we were still charged the $23 for the meal which was the most frustrating part. It's one thing to be served a horrible meal, but another to feel as though the restaurant/waiter does nothing to make it right either by returning with a meal that is as ordered, or after a second attempt removing the item from the bill.. or really even just a simple apology and some sensitivity to the fact that we were here for a special occassion, of which he was fully aware. Needless to say, the message was received from 300 East that they do not want our business, so we will no longer return to 300 East for our special occassions.
4	I came to 300 East once per the recommendation of a friend and have been there twice based on the great experience that I had. Great food, an excellent mix of healthy options, cool relaxed atmosphere, and innovative cuisine. Staff has been great, as well!
4	We have been to 300 East twice now. Once for brunch and once for dinner. Both times we had reservations and were sat relatively quickly. I definitely recommend reservations.During brunch we sat upstairs and it was slammed. The service was slow but understandably. Our food was great. I especially loved that they served Owens bagels, yum!! I do wish we had gotten a little bit better service, but hey it happens and it was packed.This is a quaint old house that is now a restaurant. The booths are not that comfortable but doable. For dinner we were sat in a small booth that one side was almost a half seat. This was fine for me, but I do not think my boyfriend would have fit.  I had salmon and he had the filet. Mine was wonderful.  He wasn't crazy about the stuffed filet simply because he wasn't a fan of the cheese in the stuffing. We will absolutely be back for brunch and dinner!
4	300 East is a charming little house-turned-restaurant in Dilworth. My mom and I unexpectedly found this place a few years back and had a delicious meal. It wasn't until I moved to Charlotte last year that I unexpectedly re-discovered it until driving down East Blvd. a few months back.My first visit I had the man baby pizza and a salad (can't remember the name) and remember leaving quite impressed.This go around, for dinner. The server advised they were debuting the spring menu that night. The fried goat cheese appetizer came with a large toasted baguette and was splendid. The few sips of onion soup I had were very impressive as well. The guacamole was nothing special and the only plate I wouldn't order again. Just simply not flavorful enough.For the entree, I got the gnocchi with bacon and leeks in a creamy thyme sauce. Holy moly. One of the best gnocchis I have ever had (and I studied Italian cooking in Italy). The bf ordered the bacon wrapped filet which came stuffed with Gorgonzola. Admittedly, I much preferred mine. The Gorgonzola was too rich against the filet, in my opinion, but he seemed to be happy.After scrolling through other yelpers pictures, I can't wait to try this place for brunch. Nutella and Banana stuffed French Toast... Wowee! Definitely a must try of you're in the Dilworth area.
5	Very impressed! Ambiance, service, and food were fantastic. I will definitely be back sooner than later. I ordered the salmon seasonal farro and the mix of flavors had me savoring each bite. Love the house turned into restaurant look and the patio is great for nice weather.
5	I arrived here for lunch, imagining that I would sit on  300 East's lovely patio.  I was greeted by a charming host, who, upon assessing the situation, told me that there was no availability outside.  However, he offered me a spot at the bar, which was perfectly fine.  Getting a little hot outside anyway.Once seated at the bar, Mike offered me a wine list.  I chose Chateau Saint Jean Chardonnay.  I had difficulty choosing food,  because there were so many good offerings.  Vegetarian and gluten free choices were available, and that gets high points with me.I selected the Mediterranean Chef Salad, which featured greens, chickpeas, tomatoes, olives, and artichoke hearts.  It also came with both feta and blue cheese.  I was given a choice of dressing, but stayed with the balsamic vinaigrette.  Before my meal arrived, Mike put a placemat in front of me.  What a nice touch!Mike offered bread and butter, but, struggling to keep my girlish figure after a milestone birthday, I declined.  The salad itself was amazing.  Every bite was like a grand finale of flavors.  After my meal, Mike chatted with me in such a sincere manner.  He seems genuinely interested in his customers.  His nice "bar side manner" was truly the icing on an already perfect cake.The food, the host and the bartender created the perfect setting for my lunch today.  300 East has the right formula.
5	This place is unique and provides fantastic value for its prie point. I was a regular for the three years I lived in Charlotte. My highlights:- The Usual is the best sandwich in the world. Period.- The Ahi tuna salad is delicious and fresh. Great dish for lunch.- The tenderloin sandwich -onion mermelade, mustard- ... just awesome- The pizzas are outstanding!- The sweet potato raviolli is deliciousBoth location and service are top notch. In general, 300 East has a cuisine that is unique and delicious. Provides excellent value for the buck, and delivers consistently. 5/5.
5	The steak sandwich was to die for. Seriously. Perfectly cooked steak. Caramelized onions. Horseradish mayo that was not overpowering. I am drooling thinking about it. I had the potato salad on the side and it was also tasty. Their signature cocktail is also drool worthy, and ginormous, served in a mini 32 oz. pitcher. I flew in to Charlotte for a baby shower being hosted here, and the staff was very patient, friendly, and accommodating. I highly recommend this place for lunch, or for events. The baby shower was handled perfectly. They helped us set up and clean up, were on hand when needed, had great suggestions, and let us do our own thing when we wanted to as well.
3	Went for brunch and got the grits with chorizo, egg, avocado and cheese. It was ok, but the whole experience left me wanting something else. If... I ever came back I would probably order the breakfast pizza which was a good size portion and looked good. We came here to celebrate our anniversary and it was definitely not to that scale for brunch. There were people in t-shirts and shorts with dogs at their tables out in the front.
4	Yes, it's another Charlotte house restaurant. The tables are place closely together to say the least, but the food and service make up for it. Very friendly and knowledgeable servers. I've been for dinner a few times and once for lunch. The seared tuna salad is very good, but the grilled rice cake it comes with is a little strange. The burgers are flavorful as is the faro saute, which I've gotten with shrimp and just veggies.
4	Excellent brunch venue.  The crab cake Benedict was excellent. I love the use of the crab cake as the base for this plate. Also loved  the banana Nutella french toast. Surprisingly not overpoweringly sweet. Great service, will definitely return.
2	First time we came here it was pretty good. So, we decided to bring my parents here when they came to town. Not good at all. We waited more than an hour to get any food. It is a Tuesday night. They were not busy. We finished a bottle of wine after an hour and there was a 10 minute lapse before a waiter came to see if we wanted another bottle, and that was when I finally got a chance to ask the status of our food. When asked, they said there were tickets ahead of ours so we needed to be patient.The chicken was dry, the farro was also dry and tasted like it had simply been made with frozen vegetables. I'm embarrassed to have taken my parents here in an effort to show them Charlotte cuisine.
4	First time here, really wanted brunch but didn't realize they only have it on Sundays. Had their local grass fed burger and it was delicious. Full bar with a great draft list and located in a really quaint house style setting.
5	My wife and I went here for our first anniversary on a Saturday night.  We were early for our reservation by about 15 minutes, but we were quickly seated at a nice corner table upstairs near the railing.  My wife got the Signature St. Germain to drink, and I went off-menu and asked for an old fashioned - both were excellent, if a bit overpriced ($10.50 each).  The baked marinated goat cheese was fantastic, and the baguette they bring you to eat it with is huge for 2 people.  My wife got the hanger steak, and it was a little bit overcooked (she asked for medium rare, and there was hardly any pink in part of it), but it was so tender from being marinated that it was still awesome - I know because she let me have a bite. :)  I had the filet and it was cooked perfectly.In short, it's a very charming setting, the service was fast and outstanding, the waiter was very knowledgeable.  We'd go back in a heartbeat - based on the reviews here, I think we'll go for brunch next time.
4	NEVER DISAPPOINTS! I have been to 300 East almost a dozen times and this old favorite is tried and true. I get the salmon (extra well done please!) with brown rice and vegetables every single time. Why try something new when the old is great? In addition to good local food, it's nice to be in a restaurant that actually has ambiance. Charlotte is really "chain hell" when it comes to restaurants to its nice to feel like you are walking into to something house for dinner. The second floor really is like sitting in someone's living room. Every time I have been, the place gets packed out and they keep coming back so make a reservation before hand. P.S. If the weather is nice, take a stroll around the block and check out all the well maintained bungalows and Craftsman style homes, each one is so unique just like the 300 East house.
4	Food was awesome. We sat outside and it was slammed for brunch.  They only had 1 server outside which he was in the weeds the entire time. They should really have 2 out there when its that nice.
5	Really nice place to take parents in town that are visiting. Took my grandfather and mom here and had a great time. Food was very fresh and atmosphere is quaint. Would go back anytime.
5	This is my favorite brunch place in Charlotte. Good service, good food, great location, and an awesome setting inside a historic house. I would definitely recommend this to anybody looking for a good, unique spot for brunch. I haven't had a bad experience yet in the multiple times I've been here, which is rare among breakfast/brunch spots in Charlotte.
5	Great Queen's Feast Deal! Included the first glass if wine which about 95% of restaurants do not do for Queens Feast. I had the baked goat cheese app and it was incredible and the baguette it came with was huge, could have made a meal out of just that. My friend had the hummus which came with a generous helping if pita bread but beware it has capers on top so if you're not a fan ask them to skip it. She had the sweet potato ravioli, one of their signature dishes and it was amazing! I had the Sesame salmon which was cooked to absolute perfection and the coconut brown basmati rice was delightful as well. I ended up bringing half of that home along with having them box my entire desert, orange and black sesame cheesecake (yummm)! I just couldn't stop with the goat cheese appetizer, it's a must. I also had the signature cocktail, the Matilda Wong, which comes in a 32oz pitcher, on special on Weds for $7.50, it was tasty (sweet) and a great deal. My friend had a specialty peach cocktail from their drink menu and she said it was fabulous also. Our server Tommy was attentive and adorable! We sat upstairs and it was lovely. Great ambiance and easy to hear, perfect for a relaxing visit. The regular menu looks fantastic, I will definitely be back!
4	I haven't been here in years and had a friend in town so I thought I'd give brunch a try again. I was very impressed with the meal, especially the special which was a poached egg set inside a roasted tomato, topped with cornbread. The cornbread added an extra dimension that threw that normal poached egg over the top. The tomato and egg, as well as bacon, also came with a side of pimento mac and cheese that was out of this world!! My friend and I also shared the brioche French toast and cheese grits. The French toast tasted like a donut and threw me into a sugar coma that was well worth it. The service was excellent and I will be back soon!!
5	I flew in to Charlotte for a job interview, and my wife and I came here for dinner. It was fantastic. The restaurant itself is in a historic home, and we loved the decor and the atmosphere. I ordered the grilled hangar steak, which came perfectly cooked. The horseradish sauce, potato cake, and fresh green beans were all delicious. I will definitely come back next time I'm in town, and I would definitely order the hangar steak again.
5	Everything here was amazing. The service was fantastic! I'm only sorry we didn't make it for Brunch because I'm told it's even better! Can't wait to return.
3	Completely charming. Also they did a great job accommodating our large group when we celebrated my baby shower. This spot is quaint, cute and a little bit girly.  They were very accommodating.So service is the standout. Good was good I had the crab cake sandwich.
2	Came here for brunch and wasn't impressed with the selection on the menu, ordered the scrambled eggs which were OK.  I will go back to try dinner at some point but I am not in a rush.
3	You know what, this place was just a'ight.  Not bad, but not "I must go back again."We did girls brunch here.I don't eat eggs but love brunch..go figure. They really didn't have much on the menu for me, but the girls wanted to go so I went.My meal made up of sides (bacon, hashbrowns) was tasty.  I also ordered a round of beignet for the table.  They arrived looking very burnt, but in fact where yummy .  It was in no way shape or form a beignet though.  More like a cake donut hole with a lovely lemon flavor.The chicken and gravy biscuit is more like a pot pie. My girlfriend said it was good, but wasn't what she was expecting.Two other dining companions got the french toast.....that was stone.cold.  COLD.  One ordered a side of chorizo..which is clearly offered on the menu as a standard side.  What she got was a bowl of crumbled chorizo.  That's just weird IMO.  It's like serving a person a bowl of ground beef.  We all expected it to be sliced chorizo.Hands down the best entree was the breakfast pizza.  First they get props for serving a whole egg on top vs. the standard breakfast pizza that's got scrambled eggs all up and through it.  It works for someone like me who doesn't enjoy eggs.  The pizza was yummy.  I'll definitely order it if I ever find myself back at 300 East.Service was the epitome of 'meh.  I probably won't go back on my own, but if others wanna go I'd be down....and i'd order the pizza!
5	This has been my go to restaurant since it moved into the 300 East address.  I love the food, the staff, the ghosts, the whole atmosphere.  I always end up back here when I'm thinking of a class act without the price.  You can hear folks talking to you, the ambiance is suburb.  My sister used to wait tables back in the 80's at the White Horse...so I have a bit of a history with this joint!  Yes, owners have changed, but Cathy is the present owner, and she does a stand up job.  Walking in the door is like coming home.  In a city that is constantly changing, it's nice to know some things that are perfect don't need to change. There's a question about is it good for groups, only in the upstairs loft area.
5	Excellent lunch. Special peach/bourbon chicken sandwich and the Harvest salad with shrimp and the Chilled cucumber soup were incredible.
5	We visited 300 East over the weekend. Overall, a great meal! I was super pleased with all the gluten free choices on their menu. They even offered gluten free crackers instead of the pita points with the Roasted Goat Cheese dish, which was amazing, by the way! Had a delicious bacon-wrapped filet and finished with a  piece of gluten free cheesecake. Meal was perfect in EVERY Way! Thank you, 300 East!
4	Perfect option for a casual dinner.  Situated in a cute house in Dilworth.  300 East has a wide ranging menu, so everyone can find something they like.
3	I probably won't go back unless a friend really wants to go.  It certainly wasn't bad, but definitely not great and for the prices there are better restaurants.  My friend and I got the guacamole app, which was really average.  Then we split the fall salad and chicken carrot pesto sandwich.  The sandwich was good, but the salad was REALLY plain and bland and certainly not worth the $11 price tag.
5	Um... What!?! Best surprise drink ever! Thank you sweet waitress for the recommendation. Thought I was paying $11 for a tiny cocktail, but low and behold, this magical pitcher of orange sweet tart flavored goodness appears!! If you go to 300 East for drinks, you have to order the Matilda Wong! Soooo good. Also ask for Heather (aka BOOM!) to be your waitress! Such a great lady :)
4	I love having brunch here on autumn Sundays with girlfriends! The eggs benedict is outstanding! I must say that the coffee is lacking in a big way - nothing worse than and amazing meal with a bad cup of joe. None the less the atmosphere is wonderful and every dish I've had is stellar. The old house makes for a lovely setting for a romantic evening for two, celebrations, or dinner with out of towners. With fantastic service and homemade desserts you can't go wrong with 300 East.P.S. Don't forget to go for a walk after your meal - the neighborhood is so charming!
5	I have had dinner and brunch here and both times were great. I got a special Ravioli with roasted kale that was really good and also unique. I highly recommend the Crab Benedict for brunch. It was cooked perfectly!
4	I was taken away with how cute and comfortable the restaurant was. The atmosphere was outstanding! Our server didn't have the best knowledge but was super nice and attentive.
5	You must try the sweet potato ravioli! It is probably the most delicious food I have ever tasted. The margarita is my favorite drink. Tip: always have a reservation for quick seating!
4	This place never disappoints.  I have never had a bad meal here.  There are always plenty of vegetarian selections to choose from.  I recommend making a reservation as they are always busy!
4	Me and my lady love trying places we've never been to before and 300 East was one of those places. Atmosphere: +A(The lighting and decor were nice. The background music was tasteful. We were in a nice little booth upstairs)Food: A(My steak was amazing. Cooked to perfection. My lady ordered the pizza and she enjoyed it but did mention it was a bit on the oily side)Beer selection: B(I do like that they're local, however I do wish the styles of beer were of more variety. Like maybe not 2 IPAs, a pale and basic lagers. Let's get a stout, a porter, maybe a brown ale I don't.) Our waiter...... C+Now before you see that C and hate me for it let me explain. This waiter was kind, pleasant and generally a nice guy. He presented himself and the restaurant very professionally. However, every single time he came to our table he always tried to up sell us. "Can I get you guys some guacamole while you decide what you would like?" or "i could bring you guys some hummus while you wait on your food" are not bad in of themselves, but after hear those kind of things several times me and my date started to feel a bit guilty. We felt a weird pressure like we were bad customers because we wanted to keep the meal under 50 bucks. Remember though, he was really nice fella but the aggressiveness of the need to raise our bill so he can get a bigger tips was a bit off putting.
5	I love the charm of 300 East with their location in an old house in historic Dilworth. I have eaten @ 300 many times over the many years I have lived in Charlotte and can report that the food, service and experience is consistently really good. 300 East is a great place to have a nice meal with atmosphere but without a huge bill. I really like their simple black bean avocado on a toasted whole wheat tortilla (I add shrimp). There are definitely healthy choices and a menu with a variety of options depending on what you are in the mood for. Highly recommended.
5	Perfect for dinner date or girls night out. If you are in the  Southend area and weather is, I recommend walking over. I can vouch for the ahi tuna salad and the crab cake dish. Both lovely and delicious!
4	Consistently good food. I've been here twice, and as a newbie to Charlotte who is compelled to try as many places as possible, that's saying a lot.
5	I love the atmosphere at 300 East. It is very cozy and intimate, great for a date night. The food is always really good, as is the service. I especially love the baked goat cheese appetizer and the filet. So good!
5	Since this review I have been back several times and every time was just as exceptional as the first time. I unfortunately moved a bit farther away so I can't go as often, but I can not wait till the next time I can get my hands on some sweet potato ravioli!
3	Meh. Menu looked good but was OK, and for the price I wasn't expecting to eat on vinyl tablecloths.
5	Recommendation. Lovely place. Service has always been great and the specials are super.  Really nice place with parking in the back easy to access.
5	This place is the best - one of the first restaurants I went to when I moved here from Connecticut.  Its quant inside and they have a great wholesome menu to choose from.  Small portions but this isn't a place you go to gorg yourself.
2	Atmosphere: We requested to sit in the front near a window since it was a fellow diner's birthday brunch. They kindly accommodated this request (made through a Yelp reservation). Unfortunately, the blinds didn't do a great job of blocking sunlight into a diner's eyes and the space was kind of chilly near the windows. I will say that the front window area feels more contemporary than perhaps the rest of the space, which feels like an old house. I like the front for that reason.Food: We were there for brunch and the food was pretty underwhelming. The whole grain Belgian waffle was terribly bland. The bacon was delicious (ask for it extra-crispy!) and the grits dish looked good and my family member confirmed as much. The omelette was OK said the birthday boy - nothing terribly out of the ordinary.Beverages: We did not partake since it was not yet noon on a Sunday, but I saw mimosas on the menu and would have enjoyed that. A fellow diner did rave about the drinks from a previous visit, so I would come back to try them. Service: We were watched over well, although our server made me feel a bit awkward. Not really sure why. The food took a pretty long time to arrive, but we weren't upset by that.Overall: With so many great brunch options in Charlotte, I don't think I would return here for brunch (especially with no booze until noon!). I would return to try 300 East for happy hour or dinner since I heard the drinks are good. Otherwise, this is just nothing terribly exciting for me when compared to other options.
1	From what I hear 300 East used to be a good restaurant. Not anymore. Tonight was the 4th time I've been there in the past couple years. The first 3 trips weren't bad but definitely weren't good. Tonight was more along the lines of awful. Service: awful. It tooke us over 2 and a half hours for dinner for 6 people (We had apps but no dessert). It was slow, our waitress was absent, and it took them forever to clear our plates. Food: awful. Three of us got burgers and they were flavorless and over-cooked. My sister in law got the pork tenderloin and it came out cold. The crab cakes were eh. The salmon nothing special. The few pluses: good local draft beers. Good coffee. That's it. In a city with plenty of good restaurants, don't waste your time on 300 East
1	The food at 300 East is ok. Nothing special really. The service is absolutely terrible. Had brunch there today and the eggs on my Benedict were overcooked. Unfortunately our waiter disappeared as soon as our food arrived and never came back to check in on us, so I didn't have the opportunity to send it back. I was hungry, so I ate part of it. I mentioned that the eggs were overcooked when our waiter finally stumbled back out to bring the check, and he gave me a dismissive sorry. Thanks, bro. I also find it ridiculous that they charge $2.75 for a glass of orange juice that is half filled with ice.  Cheap.
