1	Apologies for low rating, but it had to be done.Currently, the course is unplayable.  Temporary greens on full 18 holes until Mid-August of 2012.  For those unfamiliar with temporary greens, allow me to explain:At the end of the fairway before it ends as it is approaching the green, the fairway grass is cut a little bit lower in a circular shape to represent the green.  The temporary hole is approximately twice as big.  The temporary greens' grass is not tended to and will result in uneven slope throughout.  The loss of yardage for the entire course must be near 720yds--avg was about 20, but one hole was shortened 76 yds.Temporary green play really takes away from this course leaving much to be desired.  Despite scoring the best I've ever had in 18 holes, it was not fun.  Felt like a simulated golf course that one can mimick on the driving range... "Hit the driver straight.  Okay, now pretend hitting 160 yards out.  Okay, you're about 10 yds from the green, hit a wedge.  That was a fun driving range drill... Oh you mean, that's pretty much what playing on temporary greens is like? Ugh...On top of that, one of their rakebacks (golfnow.com, ezlinks.com, etc.) had the rate at $35.00/player on Saturday morning.  It was not worth it.  Maybe my fault for playing here when they had temporary greens, oh well.dmo out.
5	Rocky River is a great place to play for as skill levels. The new mini Verde greens installed are in great shape even for the winter weather! Staff is very welcoming and go out of their way to help. Great Golf Course!!!
1	Terrible customer service. The people at the desk (Ragsdale guys name) were rude and over charged for stuff we didn't use. Manager admitted that the prices were waved for certain people. I would go somewhere else. They won't be getting my money again.
4	Rocky river has really stepped their game since installing the new bermuda greens last year. The course has a couple tough holes ( par 3 5th?) and everything is maintained great. The greens are seriously like putting on carpet and since they punched them finally have softened up.  If I can get a good deal here I will  golf it whenever I can. Also, this is where UNCC plays
1	Once again you guys are wrong. There were 2 golfers and 2 riders. The guy up front (ragsdale) said that we sometimes charge and we sometimes don't. (Also ragsdale is a very mean person, not a people person at all. Also not very smart) Now, let's say that I came in with my rider and paid for my cart and went on to hole one. The next man came in with his rider and paid and went to the first hole. We would have paid the rate that cost us to play 18 without any charges! But since we came In Together we were charged extra for a cart that we would have needed either way if we would have came in separately or together. Get the picture?
4	I've played this course a few times and it does not disappoint.  Challenging yet fair, great layout, greens usually in really good shape.  My only recommendation is that you avoid it after rainfall, as it can get pretty wet in the low points of a lot of holes.  Other than that, this may be the best course within a 30 min drive of uptown Charlotte.
4	Greens are in great shape. The fairways are still brown but that's to be expected for this time of year. Overall this course is in good shape and is expected to get better as the year progresses. This is definitely a course worth playing.
4	Course is great! Pace of play is great! Range is great! Most of the staff is great! The only exception is one Mr. John Ragsdale. Every time I have encountered this gentleman he has been arrogant, short, rude and disrespectful not only to myself but other patrons as well. For a course that is values itself and the patrons that keep you in business do yourself a favor and move this gentleman somewhere he doesn't have to interact with the public.
