5	This is the cutest pet store that carries high-quality, healthy cat and dog food (the type of non-processed food you can't find at a traditional chain store) and a variety of wonderful cat and dog supplies ranging from beds, pet shampoos, treats, leashes, collars, clothing, dishes, etc.  I've met both owners and not only are they knowledgeable, but they are the nicest people and truly have a love for animals.  They do animal adoptions from their store and often have their own dogs (Oliver and Annie) in the store to greet customers.  The price of the food is comparable to Science Diet and I've noticed a huge difference since switching my pets.  I definitely recommend stopping by and I guarantee you'll fall in love too!
5	My husband and I checked out Oliver and Annie this past weekend. We found the place to be so friendly and charming. We were greeted right away by the owner (I think he was the owner) and he was so helpful and knowledgable. He pointed out many items and gave us the background on the items. We found so much great stuff for our cats. We only picked up some treats to give to the cats, but I plan to go back and try out some more items. Some of their products can be a tad pricey, but I'm sure worth it as most products I looked at were all organic, SLS free, hand made, locally made... and look, I'm a frugal person, so I'm always looking to save a few pennies, but for the health of my cats I will spend the extra bucks on the products at Oliver and Annie.I found so much I wanted to buy for my cats, but was kind of on a budget, so I'll have to go back and stock up on shampoo and toys for my feline friends.Chris, the owner (who is totally awesome by the way) was saying how they take in kittens and clean them up and do adoptions. I thought that was so awesome and made me happy there was a store like this and people like this that care so much about animals.
4	What a great place this is!  The owner is super friendly and knowledgeable, plus he has an awesome car.  I found their selection to be pretty well balanced in terms of cats and dogs.  Everything looks to be of very high quality.  It's nice to have animal owners who truly care opening up stores for other like-minded people.  They have a good selection of food, treats, clothing, and essentials.  The clothing is definitely geared toward the much smaller dogs, but still very cute stuff.  They also have a nice assortment of pet-related gifts.  I got my mom an adorable little Scottie dog frame for Christmas.  A definite must-visit in the world of pet-product stores.
5	A boutique pet store in CenPho!  Can it get any better than that?  Seriously, this is an uber-hip store with great products for your four-legged best friend or imperious kitty.  All products are high quality and are either arizona based or give back a portion of their sale to charity.  I thought the dog collars were very cool and fairly priced.  This is also the only store in town that carries Honest Kitchen dog food.  If you haven't tried this food be prepared to be amazed in the difference it will make in your pets health.  It seems odd to feed dehydrated food to your dog (it takes only a couple of minutes to rehydrate into a green, soupy mixture) but my boxers love it and it's made a marked improvement in their coat and overall health.  Like all of the products at O&A, you'll find quality, attention to detail and great customer service.  The store is also active with many local rescue groups and animal charities.  Conscience and style.  It really doesn't get any better.
5	Everything about this pet store is right. Great products, reasonable prices,a place your dog will love to go into with you, very helpful and friendly owner who truly cares about animals.  Oliver and Annie has unbelievably cool products for both your dog and cat. It's put together so artistically; always a pleasure going there. Don't miss this one!
4	Emilie, our celebrity Schnauzer, gives Oliver & Annie two paws up. I know. She is adorable. Anyway, this is hands down the sweetest pet boutique. So opposite the juggernaut PetSmart. You are actually greeted with a smile and not a scowl. This place is so cozy you could seriously stand in the middle and see everything in the store. Delightful toys and the cutest puppy apparel. Well. At least until we come out with the VMarie Poochie line. You won't find mainstream dog food here, so don't expect Alpo or Purina. The owners are passionate about animals and quality goods and services. So bring your bitch to Oliver & Annie and have a doggone good time!
5	This place is really great if you have a small dog or a cat.  Not only do they try and feature either local products or sustainable products but their prices are reasonable.  The owner does a great job knowing the details of his products which really helps if you have no idea what you are looking for.My favorite part of this place is that they have a sale section where you can get some amazing deals.  We got our dog a rain coat for Seattle for only $10...and it is made of recycled water bottles!  How cool!
5	Looking a cutting edge, wanting the best for everyone type of pet boutique you must go to Oliver and Annie's. Chris, the owner is amazing! He knows his stuff and has the best of the best. There is no pet boutique like his. Urban chic and healthy top draw. He is an amazing supporter of local artists and designers and an absolute delight to know and do business with. His loving nature is endearing! It's no surprise he just received the "Best of Phoenix" award.
4	I was very happy with my visit to Oliver & Annie.  Though it is small the items that are carried are so healthy and the prices are very reasonable.My main compliment goes to the owner.  He was so nice and helpful.  I also LOVE how many products he carries that when purchased they go straight back to charities.  This is small business with a wonderful business model.  I will continue to visit and support Oliver & Annie!
5	I popped my head to Oliver & Annie's when I showed up early to a meeting at Lola's Coffee next door. The owner greeted me kindly and asked if I needed any help. I perused for a bit, then asked the owner if he had a recommendation for a good puppy toy.That's when I realized I was not just visiting a pet store - I was taking part in this man's passion.Not only were the toys unique and like nothing I had ever seen in your typical PetsMart, but the owner carefully explained the benefits of each toy. When i said my dog usually destroys most of her toys, he was honest and told me which his suggestions wouldn't work and which would. And to top off the whole experience, there was a sale on their organic dog treats. If you want to shop somewhere that truly cares about your dog and knows how to meet your needs, this is the place.
5	Only fabulous dog and cat products are sold at Oliver & Annie's. They have the best eco-friendly toys, the treats are all natural and organic, and the selection of dog and cat food is impressive. My max and snoopy love the Green Bone Bakery treats! Their tails are wagging when they see the bag from Oliver and Annie. The owner, Chris, is eager to share his knowledge and experiences with all the products he carries. This LOCAL store is the perfect place for all your dog and cat products.
5	Sad news animal lovers, Oliver and Annie closed up shop. We will all miss Chris and his lovely smile. The Noble Beast carries Solid Gold pet food and lots of great pet supplies if you are looking for a new place to shop.
5	I'm so disappointed that I didn't get a chance to write my review of this terrific little shop before it suddenly closed last month.   I heard it was not for financial reasons, thank goodness... but personal family reasons for the owner.   This is a CenPho loss and I hope Chris comes back soon and starts again'This was one of those places where you get such personal service, that the owner quickly becomes a trusted friend.  Chris gave me some samples of cat treats that my finicky cat could try... and then even encouraged me to try some brands that are sold at Target!
5	I posted a review about this store almost a year ago. I had purchased a dog toy suggested by the owner, after explaining my dog destroys everything. Just a little update, the toy is still alive and well a year later and my dog still loves it. Bravo on the suggestion!
