4	Such a subjective topic to Yelp about- but to score a "First," I will do it.Currently, I am a student and it has been amazing to live so close to school but yet be able to leave the campus every day.  Several of my classmates live on-campus and  have to be 'at school' 24 hrs a day....For perspective apartment seekers- I'd say 70%, if not more, are Midwestern students. I'd consider this a plus because we are all a bunch of book nerds trying to get through school so we are very QUIET. Additionally, we don't want to get into trouble so we are very reluctant to vandalize, steal, or liter on premise. :)I have Loved having all my appliances "in-unit" (having moved from Chicago, W/D in-unit was a myth to behold), zero-entry (pool has a sand bar that you can pull a recliner onto, have your feet in the water, and study Biochem all at the same time), and the Price. I have a two-bedroom and pay $950. The staff is pretty normal. They do the courteous, hand-waive-salute thing when you drive by. They are really great at getting any complaints or broken things dealt with in a timely manner. San Lagos does host a few parties throughout the year with an open bar and free food which is pretty tight.I have also been fortunate to have a view that faces one of the several ponds. There is the potential to have a hideous view of Home Depot and the rest of 'that' strip mall. There are also a few resident ducks that waddle around and add a little character to the grounds.As I approach rotations I am considering moving- only because most of my rotations are scheduled at the VA, AZ Heart, etc. and are located in downtown Phoenix. Also, I'm considering getting a doggy and San Lagos prohibits dogs. I believe they allow cats... but WHO wants one of those?!? ;)BUT I really hate moving so who knows.
5	This is a beautiful complex! Office manager and staff are great and respond to issues and questions quickly and accordingly. We have an apartment overlooking the pool, and yes the pool looks just like the pictures online.
1	My family and I moved away from here last July 2013.  We enjoyed living here until the summer came.  We lived upstairs directly above one of the lakes.  When the weather started warming up the lake smelled really bad.  Worse than that is the circumstance surrounding my move out.  My husband had already left out of state for his new job so it became a very hectic time trying to complete a move with my children and 118 degree temperatures.  I had placed my wedding set on my bathroom counter while I was finishing loading our stuff, my hands were swollen from the heat.  I made a dreaded mistake and left it there when we moved.  I called up the office as soon as the they were open (about 4 hours after I left) and informed them of this.  They said they would go check and see.  The manager sent her maintenance worker by himself to go search for my expensive diamond set.  Of course he came back and said it wasn't there.  LIAR!!!!I am furious that they would have sent one employee by himself to go retrieve such an important item left behind.  She should have gone herself and brought a witness.  This has been heartbreaking.  I feel like and idiot for leaving it,however, I was exhausted and way overheated.  Shame on them for their lack of compassion and care, and shame on the maintenance guy for stealing it and saying it wasn't where I know it was.
5	Myself and my fiancee moved down to Arizona from Wisconsin at the end of May. We really weren't sure how we would like Arizona or if this would be just a temporary thing until her schooling was completed. After living at the San Lagos apartments now for over 6 months I can honestly say that we won't be leaving Arizona anytime soon! Love everything about the complex! Staff are awesome and the one or two problems that I did have they were over later that day or the next to fix it. On top of it all the ladies who work over in the office are always so happy and upbeat. Definitely makes for a relaxing setting. I'd recommend this complex to anyone in a heartbeat!
