5	Stumbled upon this place when I had to get my car fixed. And went back again when I took the car back, again.Good pizza, tasty sauce and crust.Had a pasta dish and again the sauce was great, fresh mozzarella.Decent wings, but for the price, they're good.I'll be back, even of my car isn't broken.
4	What can I say about Taste of Italy?   Good food, good service, friendly staff and always clean.  The girls love to come here and have pizza and wings.  The prices are reasonable and the food is very consistent.  They have pitchers of beer and wine is also available.  I also noticed that they now have delivery which tells me that the new Papa John's in Estrella is probably giving them some competition.  I vote to keep my money local and support the locals when I can.  Stop for a visit and I think you will be happy you did!
4	My entire family loves this place.  The thin crust pizza is a great, New York style.  The bread sticks are awesome, and even the calzones don't disappoint.
5	Great pizza and calzones. The menu is large and I have feeling it's all good.
5	My boys LOVE going to "Dino's" place for pizza and wings. The food is as close to authentic New York pizza as you can get this far from Manhattan. We are die hard fans!
4	My youngest son loves NY style pizza. We were in NYC this summer and he ate giant slices of pizza non stop. this place has the closest thing to true NY style pizza around. everything else is home made, the sauce, the salad dressing (even the ranch), the pastas. I got a calzone and swear it was as big as my head. I know good Italian (growing up italian) and this is it. If you want good Italian at a good price in a laid back atmosphere this is it. Mind you, this is NOT Sunday dinner at Grandma's Italian, that's Bella Luna. This is the place you go for pizza, calzone, salad, eggplant parmigiana sandwiches, etc. Its NYC style Italian and its damn good.
4	They have great pizza for a reasonable price...we always get the sicilian pizza because I have 2 teenagers that love to eat pizza. We always have plenty left over. They also serve beer and wine for a good price....a "mug" of wine for $5, what a bargain!! Everyone here is always friendly, give them a try and support this local pizza place!! They also now have delivery!
5	If you're ever in the West Valley, say Goodyear area, I would truly recommend Brother's Pizza Express. It's a great mom and pop place you can't really get in Phoenix. The owners came from NYC - those New Yorkers just know how to make great pizza! :)I think I'm going to make it a tradition to stop by this place on my way to or from California since I'm hardly ever on the West Valley. Their prices are cheap and you get your money's worth when you go. The people are very friendly and are very personable with their customers. I think if you live in the area and go their a lot it wouldn't be a bad idea to make this place your regular place for pizza. Great pizza and customer service! Hope to stop by soon!
4	Calzone and stombolis are so good. makes two meals!
5	Great food, all the time.
4	So we have driven by numerous times and said "we need to try it sometime" and then I have some cop friends that eat there so it has to be good, right?Yes it is!  - Glad we finally stopped the other night, my vodka sauce on my dish was VERY tasty as was their marinara sauce.  Now their sausage wasn't quite to our liking (not spicy enough) but you might like it.Their pizza looks and smells great and next time we will get some Pizza for sure!  Family owned and run, so why not give them a shot?We'll be back!
5	Great Pizza, I always feel like I'm back in N.J. when I go there. Good Tstuff!
4	Very good pizza and Cannoli's.  Wife had Toasted Ham and Salami sub and I had 2 pieces thin crust pepperoni W/Extra pepperoni.  We ordered breaded fried Zucchini and I had Garlic Bread with real garlic and cheese.  we ended up ordering 2 Cannoli's to go because we couldn't finish all the food:)The marinara sauce was excellent.  Restaurant was Very clean and owners talked to us and helped us order.We look forward to going back and trying the Pasta.~$24 for 2 with 2 appetizers...very reasonable.Try this place!
4	This is the place we get our pizza from when its pizza night. It tastes good the people are friendly and the price is not bad at all. Since we have moved out here my husband craves Angie and Jimmies and that is too far to go to. So after passing Taste of Italy many times and smelling the aroma coming from that building I swore to myself we are going to try it. Once we did we were hooked. We did try other places in the area but non are like this place. My brother in law came to stay for us with a while and when he did I swear he wanted to order from there almost every night. eeeek good for Taste of Italy but bad for us lol. We had the baked Ziti a while back and that marinara sauce is sooooo good. The fried zucchini is really good too. mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
3	so far just tried their napolitana pepperoni pizza. good. real greasy but it's a pizza with pepperoni slices. i've ordered pizza twice & will review the other foods when tried.
3	The one thing I notice about the pizza in this town is that its all the same. I can name at least four different New York Style (big slice) pizza joints in Goodyear and they all taste about the same. This place has a bit more foot traffic than the rest of them but is nothing special to me. The prices are average; the service is average.
5	Great Italian fare from a family owned restaurant.  You don't have to pay extra for fine dining atmosphere or a personal waiter in this informal pizzeria   But the food is as good or better than I have had in expensive Italian sit down restaurants. Their eggplant Parmesan is incredible.  The eggplant is sliced paper thin. Even if you don't like eggplant, this is a must try entree. The only negative I can think of is there is sometimes a little bit of a communication problem with orders.  They get it right but it takes some discussion to clarify.  The problem is mostly because I don't speak Italian.  Did I mention this is a family run restaurant?  An Italian family run Italian restaurant.  Mamma must have been a really good cook.
5	I was sitting at my desk today bored to death.  I began to think "what should I have for lunch today?".  I am completely burnt out on fast food, burgers etc.   At that moment I remembered Taste of Italy.  I figured, that would be something different so I jumped in my truck and headed that way.  I arrived and walked in.  The owner recognized me and took my order right away.  I ordered a meatball sub and side salad.  He made the salad right then and off I went while they worked on the sub.  I think you might be hard pressed to find a fresher salad.  It was crispy and clean and had excellent flavor.  So, my sub was brought out about the time I was finished with my salad.  The roll was perfect, the cheese melted and the meatballs were very good.  The only problem is that my phone rang just as I took a bite.  So, what to do?  I now have a scorching hot meatball in my mouth and trying to talk on the phone at the same time.  The cheese stuck to the roof of my mouth and burnt, my eyes watered and I could not talk....   One slurp of Diet Coke and I was saved....   I am sure this has happened to all of you once in your life.   Well, to wrap up my review, I had an awesome lunch and a good price.  Clean surroundings and great service....   I think its as good as it gets!
3	The pizza is good. The people are very friendly. However, we are originally east coasters and prefer.Ledo's. Still looking.
5	My family LOVES Taste of Italy in Goodyear! We live just a few minutes away and get takeout there a couple times a month. The stromboli (my favorite) is SOOoo good! It's loaded with meat, and the dough is fantastic. -drool-Dad and my wife really love the baked ziti and calzones (so much ricotta, mmm). We usually get one or two large antipasta salads, too. Those are crammed with meat, pepperocini, olives, onions, lettuce and more.Taste of Italy is great!
5	This family has been around the valley for a long time. I remember them from Peoria. Always friendly, and always great food.
4	Good thin crust pizza and a nice staff. Their menu is extensive.
5	As a New Yorker visiting AZ, was very doubtful about pizza and pasta out here... But the chicken parm was great, great sauce, and the pizza looked very NYish...
1	This place is awful!  I truly can't believe anyone would give it any more than one star.  It was so bad, my husband, who like Mikey, eats anything, wouldn't even take the leftovers home.  Go to Pizzeria Bianca instead.  You will be happy you did.
5	Great family owned and operated business. I love their veggie pizza. Friendly service.
4	Authentic NY pizza and fantastic Italian food. I have eaten pizza all over the United Stares and this ranks with some of the best! If you're in Goodyear,AZ stop by and try or for yourself.
5	The first time we heard about this little place, the person described it as "a great little italian place" My husband and I both envisioned a dark dinning room with waitstaff. When we arrived, it turned out to be a little Pizza joint. That didnt stop us, cause someone highly recommended the place. We were just thrown off, when the description of the place was the opposite of what we were expecting. Any ways,  Other It was not at all what we were expecting, It is a place that I crave. The Pizza is deiciouse, and the wings, are like small resaurant wings with the butter style sauce, which I Love. I am an Arizona Native, and this is the kind of wings my family grew up on. I have stopped in a few times on my way home from work just to pick up some wings. I live in Buckeye, but I have their number on speed dial, so I call my order in ahead of time and its ready when I arrive. The owner has been there each time I have visited and seems friendly, I mean he is a business man, trying to earn/keep a customer base, But he really seems passionate about his company and the food they prepare. I love the food here!
5	I am a foodie and I can say that this is the best pizza in the Valley.  It is exactly like the pizza you get in Italy.  The crust is crispy, the sauce is a beautiful balance of seasoning and tomatoes, the sauce to cheese to toppings ratio is perfect, and the price is just right.  If you don't live in the West Valley you will want to make the drive for this Sicilian owned family pizzeria.
5	What a great neighborhood Italian restaurant! Excellent marinara sauce, great pizza, fresh and friendly. Good prices too. I really enjoy eating here.
3	We had the pizza and it was just ok. Maybe it's the style but the crust seemed a little hard to me plus it was on the expensive side. I think there are better pizza places in the area. I would like to try some of the other option sometime.
5	great food great service great atmospheres great bread great great great.i'm definitely bringing my next date here. i've had bucca and olive garden this place beats both with perfect portion and flavor.
5	Door said open at twelve but its open at eleven. Walked in at 11:40, asked if it was open and the guy said "the door is open isn't it?" Once that was settled and we had the food we were happy. Got two steak hoagies, wings and fries. All three things were great.
5	I cannot say enough good about this place! If you are looking for authentic NY pizza, then you need not look any further. My husband is from Brooklyn and I also lived in NYC for many years and this is just like sitting in a NYC pizzeria. The owner is so nice and will make almost anything on request. When they first opened, they did not have garlic knots on the menu so we would call and ask the owner to make them for us and he always did. Now they have them on the menu so we feel a little responsible for that, LOL. I always order mine extra wet and garlicky. I could take out the entire town of Transylvania's vampire population with one deep exhale after a batch of those yummy garlic knots. They are a must!We drive close to an hour round trip, all the way from West Buckeye to get our pizza from Taste of Italy and it is worth every mile. The smell of it in our car on the way home has forced us to pull over to the side of the road and eat like starving heathens, right out of the box on a number of occasions. If you are looking for your run-of-the-mill, cardboard box, national chain pizza, this is not the place for you, but if you want authentic, N.Y. style pizza that will make your taste buds wake up and say, "Fuggeddaboudit" like a true Italian, then get off the internet, put your butt in the car and go to Taste of Italy and have some real Italian food! Mangia!
5	I live 2miles from here & I finally came to try out their pizza.....Why didn't I come here before this pizza is excellent.... Will make this my new pizza place...overall the place is really clean & the owner actually greets the customers; which I thought was pretty cool, makes you feel right at home....wow is an understatement.....must try this place their prices are not bad..
5	Best White Pizza around to compare to New Jersey style pizza!
5	Stopped by here on my way home from work and got some hot wings to snack on at home. The owner was really sweet and chatted while I waited. Before I left he gave me a free soda since it was so hot outside and I didn't have A/C in my car :) Once I got home I dug into the wings and man they were so good. Lots of wing sauce and easy to eat! I will be back for sure!
4	We tried Taste of Italy with no expectations. The wings were not mind blowing. We did enjoy the rest of the meal. The garlic knots were good. I had the chicken parmigiana. I have to say that I am very excited to find a place on the west side that knows how to do it. I can not think of another place in the Avondale area that can compare. It was cooked very well, and was given just the right amount of marinara and cheese. Not to mention it cam with a salad and bread for just under 10$. Excellent value. We will be going back.
4	We had the Chicken Parmesan . They serve it with Penne pasta instead of spaghetti . We really enjoyed it.
1	Seriously, we wait an hour for delivery  the pizza was cold zucchini is cold and then the owner says we should package our food return it.  Work on your customer service.
5	Very easy for this review. I'm from Brooklyn, they're from Brooklyn. This is NY Style Pizza, end of story. If you want NY Pizza in the west valley. Here it is!
1	I've never given one star before but the pizza was just eh. The quality was poor. I'm visiting from out of town and I was hoping the yelp reviews served me right but unfortunately their Margarita pizza just wasn't very good. It tasted like I got it from 7-11. Highly disappointed especially because it ended up costing about $22 for sauce, parse mozzarella, and dried up basil.
1	I really hate giving bad reviews but this place isn't great. My husband and I had a chance to celebrate our 10 year wedding anniversary and wanted to try a new Italian restaurant. I'm a self proclaimed pizza whore. I'm Sicilian and I have high standards for Italian food. I ordered a pepperoni and sausage Sicilian style pizza, it was very plain, sauce had no flavor (I ordered extra sauce to really get a taste of the sauce) and the crust was dry that I could tap it on the table top. My husband ordered the fettuccine alfredo with chicken (with extra alfredo sauce) and he was adding salt, pepper and garlic powder to give it flavor. I asked if he liked it and he said it was okay but later admitted in the car that it was awful, he was just worried to hurt the employees feelings in case they overheard him.  You have to order your food at the counter as well. They did give us complimentary free sodas, you also get a basket of bread and salad with dine in.
4	I love their pizza! Wings! & service! I went here with boyfriend who is a very picky eater. Shockingly he ate and loved everything we got there! Definitely a place I recommend! Good deals. Pizza is huge! Can't wait to go back.
5	Love this place.  This is the only ny style family pizza joint my family goes to. Everythings delicious!
5	This is our go to place when I do not feel like cooking!  It is really amazing and NY style food.  The sauce is made fresh daily and it is not over powered by spices or salt like most "chain" places.  The salad is FRESH - meaning you hear a crunch from the lettuce and the tomatoes are always read and yummy.  The pizza is not doughy and it is easy to eat more then you really were thinking of.  The staff is knowledgable and very nice!  Best of all they do not fry fish or shellfish so I can eat here and not get sick.  As for the bad reviews - I bet these reviewers are use to overly spiced chain food.  I use to work for one of them and they put so much salt and pepper in them to mask the fact that its not fresh.
1	We were in the area looking at homes in Verrado and used Yelp to search for nearby restaurants. At first glance this appears to be a busy family pizzeria. We placed our order and sat down. The Margherita pizza was crispy but the sauce tasted like the same sauce that is used for their pasta, the mozzarella was a little sparse as someone else mentioned, and the big no-no was the use of dried basil. A little pricey at $17. The other huge factor in my rating was the service. We had to ask for everything, including a pizza server, and they gave us a cheese grater! The waitress answered everything very curtly and never asked us if everything was okay, despite asking and attending to everyone else's needs around us. I literally heard the next table being asked four times if their food was okay and if they needed anything. I am not sure if you get anything for free when you dine in as another reviewer mentioned, because we didn't receive anything. I do not like to frequent places where they have a major attitude or are cliquey. I would not return here again nor recommend this to anyone. I can usually overlook surly service if the food is excellent, but in this case, not even the food was up to par.
5	I use yelp all the time but have never written a review until now. Taste of Italy is one if our favorite places to eat whenever we are in GoodYear. They are always very nice food is awesome and the place is very clean. Went there tonight had an awesome dinner as usual. Went to leave and our vehicle wouldn't start. Dead battery and no jumper cables around. The owners called someone and had them bring jumper cables to the restaurant so we could get our vehicle started!! How's that for customer service?  Give them a try you won't be disappointed. Their chicken Parmesan is my fav!
4	Ingredients are not extravagant but the flavors are great. The owner is friendly and inviting really enjoy the food and the experience return often.
3	Ordered a slice.  Pizza not bad if you like NY style.  Ordered meat ravioli.  Cooked from Frozen and only four ravioli in order?  Kind of a rip off.  Employees very nice and efficient
5	This has become our go to place when we're wanting pizza. My sister is from out of town, so when she comes to visit, taste of Italy is always a must! Love their pizza & wings! Great prices & excellent customer service. All employees are always so nice and welcoming.
5	Absolutely delicious. Best wings around. Great prices and very tasty food. We have been twice and will be going back for sure. Our new favorite.
4	Nice clean place to eat with tasty food!  We use them to cater our lunch meetings and they always deliver and the food is good. The egg plant Parmesan is quite tasty too!!
5	Best Italian food in the west valley. The business is family owned and operated. They are true Italian-New Yorkers. My family and I celebrate my moms birthday here every year. we have over 30 guests and the help seat us all. They are awesome!!!
1	I had the steak, onion, cheese sub and a square deep dish pizza. The sub bread was very stale the steal tasted bland I had to add salt and spaghetti sauce to make it edible. The pizza bread was way over done to greasy but the red sauce was really good, and the toppings was yummy.
5	Nice clean restaurant with delicious food served fast and fresh. The pizza tastes just like it did when we were in Brooklyn. Order up front and they will bring it to your table. Reasonably priced. Not just pizza. Several Italian dishes just like Mama's.
5	Went in on Sunday afternoon. Had a wonderful experience here. Food was very tasty, hot and fresh ingredients were used. The bread was fresh and tasted just right. I had the lasagna which to me was one of the best dishes I have ever had.Reasonably priced too.
5	My first time here. Great Italian food. Loved the Hero Special and the Calzone special. For dessert, canoli is a must! Delicious :)
3	This restaurant is located in an industrial area -- literally right across from some refinery -- and the area smelled horribly when we arrived last night (which, thankfully, did not penetrate into the restaurant).  It seems an odd place to open a pizza place, until you realize, that you not only have the local industries there to service (most likely for lunch), but that there's also a stadium nearby.  Nevertheless, keep an eye open when looking for this establishment:  it's not hard to find; it just isn't where you'd expect it to be.Like almost all the local pizza shops out here, the place is run by Albanians.  I know, that seems strange, too; but there are many Albanians in southern Italy and many Albanians go to Italy for work and vacation.  As one reviewer wrote, the place is quite clean and the decoration is warm and tasteful.  Service is fast and also very good; so there's no complaint with either of those,The food is good.  I had the baked ziti; my partner had chicken parmesan.  The antipasto salad was also good.  The problem is, I can't say more than that.  I liked it while we ate it; I had no issues of any kind after the meal; and I was glad we went there.  But I found nothing extraordinarily special about the food.  Frankly, I'd recommend the place for its service and the cleanliness of the restaurant.  But if we wanted to go to a pizzeria, we wouldn't lose sleep, if we ended up going somewhere else.Nothing negative; just nothing noteworthy.  Try it!  There'll be no disappointment.
5	We walked in here to get a slice and some gelato. The place is very clean, and the people that work here are very nice, but, most importantly, the food is delicious, and taste just like it does in New York City. Great stuff. I recommend it highly!
5	I was looking for a BBQ restaurant, and I ran across Taste of Italy. This must be the BEST mistake I have ever made. The food is exceptionally GREAT. You must try the cannoli...I am visiting Goodyear from LA county. I would almost drive from LA to eat here again. It's a good thing, I don't live close or I might get too big to fit in the door!
5	Clean and friendly restaurant. Servers are very friendly and helpful. We ordered the delicious Taste of Italy pizza, we were amazed by the awesome flavors. The owner has nice old photos of him back in the day. He was nice enough to tell us a story. Service like this is hard to find now days. Great place to bring the family. Definitely will back coming back in the future. 5 stars all around.
