5	Hands down the best mani/pedi I've had in a while. Elan Nails & Spa just opened and for the entire month of December they're offering 40% off all services.MANI: I opted for Gel Polish. I'm one of those people who messes with their nails a lot so any type of semi-permanent nail applications don't last longer than a week. Its not to say that they didn't do a good job... I just pick at my nails if anything other than simple polish is on them. However, of all the times I've gotten gels, Jackie did the best job. She actually took her time manicuring my fingers. Other places do a mediocre job manicuring when getting gels or acrylics. She also took the time for a relaxing hand massage. My hands never felt so soft and smooth! The lotion she used somewhat exfoliated my hands as well. I was very pleased!PEDI: Again, the most thorough pedicure I've received EVER. I've been in luxury retail for years. My feet are in shoes/heels for 40 hours a week; making sure they look "cute" isn't really a priority. My feet were very needy at this point!! After all the clipping & scrubbing and a brief massage, I felt like someone should rub their face on my feet (that's a joke). But in all honesty, they were more soft and supple than they've been in a while. My feet felt and looked amazing! She even minimized a couple blisters I had that had scarred over. During the Winter, I might not be in here too often. But come Summer, coming to Jackie will be worth the drive. Its been over a week and the polish is still perfect and un-chipped!!!PRICES: Standard. After the 40% discount, I think it came to a little over $30? I tipped her $10. They accept both Cash & Card.SERVICES: They have waxing, facial, and eyelash services as well. Elan is a one-stop-shop for all your beauty needs.
5	If you are looking for talented and professional manicurists and a clean nail salon, you can find it all here.Jackie has been taking care of my nails for about a year now and I made sure to follow her to this new salon since she has been doing such a great job. She is professional, pay attention to details and very pleasant too. She is extremely creative with regular polish as well as glitter and gel polish. Elan, the salon owner, has renovated the space nicely. She is an expert with regular and 3D acrylic nails. At Elan Nails & Spa, you will be in good hands.
5	My sister and I had gel pedicures there yesterday and they both turned out great.  They were able to fit us in at the last minute.  The place is really clean and well decorated and the massage chairs are super comfy (which I needed desperately after my rough workout session at Las Vegas Athletic Club that morning.)  I got pink sparkly gel toes and my sister did a nice dark gray.  They use the Gel shellac type polish which I like because it lasts well.  And the thing I like about a good pedicure is someone that will go to town on my rough calluses on my big toes and heals.  Elan did a great job on mine.  I also liked how Jackie explained all the creative things they can do with the colors.  I will definitely go back when I am in Vegas.
5	Just Love this place!! Elan & her daughter & staff are just so friendly & accommodating. My toes feel so great after being here, they never rush anyone to get to the next customer like some salons. I got the greatest gel nails that sparkle! Fills went well too! They also have waxing, facial, and eyelash services. Elan is a one-stop shop for all your beauty needs. Clean, well lit salon right near my favorite Trader Joe's & a Great used book store, Amber Unicorn Books!! I think I need to move into this shopping center!!
5	Clean salon, friendly people.  In from out of town. My friend & I called in and got an appointment for next day.  Reasonable prices for mani/pedi.  Recommend this salon.
5	O.k. so I have been to like 20 salons so far and this one is the best so far. They are all pretty friendly and most importantly they do a nice job. They also do not take shortcuts and do it the right way the first time. I can finally say I will return to a place. :)
5	I will be coming here again. It is decently priced. Its decorated in warm colors and feels very welcoming. It doesn't have the flat cold sterile look some nail salons have. Elan did my manicure; she's very nice and did a good job. Jackie did my pedicure and she did a good job too. Everything feels nice & clean. It was $22 for pedi and $12 for mani.
5	Went in for brows and a full set. I am a life long nail biter.  In the past, everytime I have had a full set put on, the technician wags her tongue about how horrible my nails are.  Then, I am treated to 30mins of pain.  At Elan, the technician was training someone else.  She explained that with a very short natural nail, extra steps must be taken to assure the nails dont come off & the client is not in pain.  All these years, I thought getting my nails done was a painful experience!  No wonder the others complained, they didnt want to do the extra work!  Absolutely no pain & 2 weeks later ALL 10 nails had stayed on.  This is a first for me in the 15yrs I've been getting my nails done.  The salon is very clean and the staff is extremely friendly.  They do not converse in a different language for the duration of your visit either.  Full set was $22.00 and the brow wax was $9.00.  Fills are $15.00.  3 days after getting the fill, I broke one of my nails in the car door.  Elan fixed the nail then re-painted all ten for no charge.  She refused to even take a tip from me.  Needless to say, I have already scheduled my next fill with Elan Nails & Spa.
5	I love, LOVE, LoVe this place. I have been coming to Vegas often for several years and finally just recently moved here. Every time I had come to Vegas and had to get my nails done I dreaded it, far too many bad experiences. So when I made the move I looked on Yelp for a WELL reviewed nail salon, no matter the distance, and up popped Elan's!I can honestly say that Elan lives up to her reviews 120%! She is an amazing nail technician, extremely kind and actually got after one of her staff for not speaking English in the presence of clients.I always get glittery acrylics and I love the way Elan mixes her own designs. The price is more than fair for the quality of service you receive and I for one will be making the trek back there every 2 weeks for my nail maintenance!
5	It was our second day in Vegas we wanted to get a pedi.  Although we were staying at the MGM we did not want to try their Spa and was looking to find a place off strip that was reasonable.  Yelp app to the rescue!  Found Elan Nails and Spa.  They didn't have a lot of reviews but the ones they did have were all really great.  We came in about 11:30 and asked for a pedi.  We really would have liked to have done a mani as well but we were meeting friends at 1:00 and didn't think we had time.  The place is way off strip and more into the residential area and is in a strip mall.  It's a small place but they had about 6 massage chairs against one wall and the other side where they did mani.  The staff were all young and friendly.Picked out our colors sat in the comfy chair and got our foot soaking for a good 5min before they went to work.  Let me say one thing about the chairs.  They massage your butt!!!   My nail person Christina was awesome from beginning to end.  I didn't do the gel thing but the color didn't chip and had stayed on 2 weeks with no problem which show how well it was painted on.  The cost was very reasonable at $22 and they worked pretty fast.Locale ~ Way off strip on the Westside!Services ~ Nails, Facials, Eyelashes and Waxing.Extras ~ Butt massaging chairs, woohoo!
5	My first time in Elan Nails & Spa was amazing. I had a problem finding a place that would take their time with my nails =( I'm so glad I read all the good reviews and gave the place a try. Jackie did my gel mani and pedi. She took her time massaging my hard working hands and feet. She was amazing. The salon looked so clean! They were all speaking English which made me feel so welcomed. I loved this place and I will be returning in the next couple weeks.
5	Desiree J took me here for the first time and I am EXTREMELY selective about nail salons and especially pedicures.  Back home in Florida, I have what I thought was the BEST salon ever that gave me VIP treatment for my feet and much needed considering I have a skin condition that makes skin dry.  Being in Vegas doesn't help so naturally I need an expert to handle my pigs and rough feet.  On top of that, I love a long, relaxing massage.  I must say, their performance and service expectations were beyond satisfactory and the overall personalities are a straight shoe in for continued service.  I will be a long time customer :)
5	The place is awesome.  They really took their time and my nails look great.  The massage chairs are in excellent condition and very relaxing.  The staff is EXTREMELY professional.  The prices are commensurate with other off strip nail salons in the city, but the service far surpasses the average nail salon.  I almost hate to post the review because I know it is going to be hard to get an appointment soon, but I have searched the city far and wide for a great nail salon and after being tortured many times I feel sorry for anyone else that might be in former predicament.
5	good
5	Was on a business trip in Las Vegas and needed to get a gel manicure and pedicure badly.. Elan Nails & Spa had great reviews, so I decided check this place out. They did a great job. I came in around 6:15pm, and even though the placed closed at 7pm, the lady stayed until 8pm to finish my nails! They have excellent customer service, and provide a great service. Highly recommend this place!
5	I found this shop via Yelp search when I was in town, so I'd like to show it some love.  I told the young woman doing my nails that I wished I could find someone like her in Baltimore (amazingly, it seems I cannot), that's how pleased I was with her work.  She asked me why I felt she was so much better after seeming surprised and I told her plainly: her attention to detail, her methodical work...and she didn't rush me.  I hate hate hate when you walk into a nail salon and all you'd like to do is relax, enjoy the hand or leg massage and walk out with simple, manicured nails, yet they feel as if the quicker you're done the better.  I don't want anything fancy, nor do I want sloppy and rushed.  My experience at this unassuming strip mall nail shop was perfect.  They have the most luxurious pedicure spa chairs, I was headed in only for a polish change on my toes and manicure and it made sense to upgrade to a spa mani/pedi combo for only $34. I only visit Vegas sporadically on vacation, but I'll definitely keep coming back when I'm in town.
5	The best pedicure of my life. Seriously, I wish these girls would.come to California. They are so sweet and friendly. My manicure was great as well. Next time I'm in town I'll be back for sure.
5	My new love!  I'm so glad I stopped in here largely due to the reviews from Yelp! and it's proximity to my work location.  I stopped in after work for a pedi and gel manicure.  The owner, Elan, greeted me as I walked in and told me the wait would be 30 minutes or I could return at 6 PM.  So, I opt to return at 6:00.  I waited another 15 mins before she started to soak my nails, but that's been forgiven (read on). My pedi was fine, no complaints whatsoever.  Although I did pick a bad polish and asked to have something different and that was handled, no problem! I am a customer who isn't real picky about color (in fact if my daughter is with me, she usually picks matching colors for both of us -- usually blue or green, so again, not picky at all!).  I have an idea of bright or not, glittery or not, but I let the tech suggest things and if I see a color I like on someone else, I might ask for that as well.  So, Elan's nails were gorgeous (two-tone sparkly gold n gray creation), I had to have them!  She said, "no problem, we do it for you too!"  She explained it to Jackie and lo and behold, I have the most beautiful pink n silver, half n half, gel nails ever!  I love them and Jackie painted, glittered, and painted again -- ever so perfectly!!Side note:  Jackie (Elan's daughter) had previously done my nails a few times in another salon and I was so grateful and happy to find her here at Elan!  I loved her before and love her even more after this visit. She is sweet, kind and extremely diligent and detailed!  The salon has been open since December and they have been doing very well - it's no mystery, they care about their clients and are great at what they do, plus their prices are wonderful!!  $57 for a pedi and gel mani w/glitters ~ I LOVE it!
5	I had the pleasure of Elan doing my nails, and she is soo talented! I love her!
5	This is the second time I visited and I got somebody else. I had to guide her every step of the way. She is also not very gentle when it comes to filing. The massage part was also lacking, or barely there. The nail job itself came out good as far as the color went.
2	My overall experience with this place was disappointing. After all the great reviews I read, I truly had high expectations. However, from the moment I walked in, till the moment I left, I waited for something good to come out of going here. The beautician who greeted me made a comment where I couldn't tell if it was a compliment or slap in the face "wow, you have a lot of eyebrows" - What the hell does that mean?? ANYWAY...1) For starters, I arrived on time for my appointment with my little sister for a birthday mani/pedi. My beautician however, never arrived. And the other employees had to make due with the support they had. Which meant my sister had to wait a 45 minutes for her treatment to begin. The owners daughter handled my pedi- she did a great job and was thorough. Only downside was that she seemed very stand-offish and barely spoke to me. (she might have been upset that the worker never came in and she had to cover, but who knows)2) UGH! The manicurist was way worse, not only did she insist on filing my nails even though I told her I did not want her to, but she filed them unevenly. She was rude and even when I accidently smudged a nail that she just finished painting she made it very clear that in her facial expression that I had annoyed her. Someone more professional might have said "dont worry, I'll fix it" or something to that affect.3) The only reason this place gets two stars is because the gel design was really good. Thats all. But if you have to spend 2 1/2 hours at a salon with crappy people, it's not worth it at all. I would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	Elan  and her girls are wonderful!! I have been going to them since she opened by Trader Joe's market & my favorite bookstore, Amber Unicorn books!! So close to my job I can almost walk!! She always has a compliment for me, even on my worst days! I saw another review that said Elan commented on her eyebrows, well,she must have had nice eyebrows for Elan to say something. The girls working there are friendly and nice.and make me feel comfortable every time I go. Once there was a mix up on my appointment but they worked it out!! I can't say enough good things about this salon. I plan on getting the eye lash extensions and will review when I get that!!5 stars in my book and I would recommend them to anyone!
1	As much as I love this place and the way elan does my nails she has a serious problem with being on time. EVERYTIME I make an appt she is late for it. Last time she was a half hour late and when she came in she brought coffee. She's now 10 minutes late for my appt and I'm sure she'll show up in about 20.
5	I read the reviews and came on in for a pedi. There was no wait, and the massage chairs are excellent. Definitely would come back!
5	best pedi ever !!!!!!!and shop is spotless !!!I'll never go anywhere else in vegas
5	I was on vacation in Las Vegas as I normally do once to twice a year. I do all the normal stops that Hawaii peeps do, which includes going to Trader Joes.I noticed a nail salon in the same strip mall and I wondered how much it would cost to re-do my gelish nails. I walked in and was pleasantly greeted by Elan.  I paid $40 which I would I have paid $45 in Hawaii. Elan was able to do my nails without a wait time. I left it up to her to choose what she wanted to do with my nails. I did tell her that I did not want it too bling, just a little bling. I was totally impressed with her choice of color and bling; 15 days later my nails still look great (of course with a little growth). I did tell her that I wanted a fade so the nail growth would not be so obvious. I will definitely will be back there the next time I am in Las Vegas.
5	Super awesome French manicure! Too  bad I live 280 Miles away! This will be my first stop next time I am in town!* my Nails lasted 3 weeks! Amazing! Would have never found this place if it wasn't for Yelp! Thank You fellow Yelpers!
5	My best friend and i came in today to get our manis/pedis and were EXTREMELY pleased. Everyone there was super nice and really funny. It's really clean and well decorated. The massage chairs they have are so comfortable, i think her and i just wanted to nap for a bit :) The gentleman who did my nails (Ken) was super funny and thorough. You can really tell he cared a lot about his quality of work. We will DEFINITELY be back for another girly day :)
5	This is a shout-out to my girl Phoebe at Elan Nails! I have been to several nail salons in Vegas and NO ONE takes care of my nails like she does. Most strip-mall nail salons I have been to are only interested in turning you out as fast as they can. Phoebe takes her time to do a good job and I appreciate her attention to detail. It takes a little more time, but well worth it. My nails are perfect every time I walk out of there! I am so happy I found Elan nails and Phoebe. I will never go anywhere else!!
5	Love this place!
5	Awesome, awesome, mani/pedi while on vacation. I learned this place is owned by a mother/daughter team, just trying to live out their nail salon dream. My nail tech (the daughter) gave me a lot of great advice on how to prolong the health of my newly-polished paws, including some caveats on what NOT to do. The facilities were modern and relaxing, and I am not even exaggerating when I write that my pedi lasted for a solid SIX weeks.I even brought in a few skeptical friends in need of some foot love (including a gentleman), and each of us left feeling satisfied and completely rejuvenated! Money well-spent. Thanks ladies!
2	I am spoiled when it comes to Bay Area California manicure. But due to desperate measures, my friends and I found this place during our vacation in Vegas. We all got gel manicures. Since I already had gel polish on my nail bed, I had to get them removed first. That experience was horrible - instead of wrapping my nails with foil so the gel polish will break up easier she soaked my nail in acetone and tried to file my polish off. She was also cut into my skin while cleaning my cuticles. I was disappointed about that.My overall manicure turned out ok since I have such high expectation because I love my manicure person where I live at.
2	This review is only for their UV GEL MANICURE and not for their entire service.The first and last time I'll be going to this salon. I always and only get UV gel manicure and I am very very disappointed with how they did my nails. It's a total rip off! Usually, I would get a gel coating first and then whatever color design you want and then it is topped off with clear gel. How they did mine -- the color, the gel coating then the clear gel. It cannot be filled in because the color/design is at the very bottom of everything, therefore, you would need to get a new set which also means full price. Not to mention, they didn't use clear UV gel, they used a gel manicure. A gel manicure does not cost $60!!The only reason I'm giving this a 2 star is because they did an excellent job with the design. That's the only thing I'm happy with and the rest, I'm extremely disappointed.
3	I came here because of the 5 star rating. I went in for a full set, manicure and spa pedicure. The male technician was very rough, pulling, ripping and tugging off my old acrylics, but it paid off when he massaged my feet during the pedicure. The nail technicians don't seem to get along here, every time one of them spoke, the others would roll their eyes in distaste. I don't get the 5 star rating.
5	Went here for the first time last night.  Was in dire need of a gel removal and mani.  Not only did they squeeze me in at 6:15 pm they didn't rush and were more than happy to do my pedi.  They close at 7 pm and I didn't get out of there until 7:40 pm.   I am an extreme clean freak and this place definitely met my standards!  Everyone here was so friendly and so dedicated to their work.  You can really tell they take great pride in their work.  Both my mani and pedi are the best I have ever had and the designs are top notch!  This is for sure my go to place from here on out.
1	BEWARE! Don't be fooled!! Went there because of the wonderful reviews and I just about hated Yelp! for a day... It was horrible. Their color choices sucked, the service sucked, and they don't disinfect their tools between uses!! I did not leave a tip, cancelled the rest of the services I was going to get, and ran out of there as fast as I possibly could, then I proceeded to tell all my friends who live in Vegas how horrible it was. God, I hope I don't get a fungal infection... Eew. Oh, and it's $35 for a mani/pedi, but only the pedi is done on the spa chair - they move your butt off to a station for the mani...
4	My friends and I went there (4 of us total)... They were very nice... However, understanding that it was a Saturday afternoon, they were very busy and it took soooooo long to get everyone done! They were nice and offered water... In fact the owner did my eye brows, excellent!! In-between waiting for pedi's, mani's, eye-brow waxing, etc... They offered to call a taxi for us so when we were done, they'd be there and we'd be set to go back to our hotel.... However, they never called the taxi... so when it was time to go... they didn't seem to be very helpful anymore... The owner claimed they weren't answering and basically left it up to me to figure what we were going to do. It was sooooo cold outside and at that point, they gave us a vibe to wait outside, so we left and walked down the street trying to call taxi's... So overall, I felt the place was very clean, and they did a good job... fairly professional, but terrible time management. And if you're going to offer a taxi, stick to your word or don't offer at all!! We needed to get back to the MGM Grand in the strip, waaaaay far from the nail place! :( I'd go again IF I had a rental car and maybe during the morning hours.
5	I had my nails done by Elan. I showed her a picture of what I wanted and it was replicated almost perfectly. She pays great attention to detail and takes her time. Even though I walked in quite late, the shop was still busy and the techs did not seem bothered by staying past closing time. I will be coming back again.
2	When I was living in Vegas, I lived up the street from this salon and saw it when I was passing by one day.  First of all I want to say that Elan does a great job with gradient sparkle tips and I always got compliments on my nails when I was going here.The problem is ... I was either called to come in early after making an appoinment (when I was at work) or was advised she was off work a day or two after making an appoinment.  On the times that my appointment time did stick, I always had to wait a long time to get my nails done.  By a long time, I mean 30+ minutes.  Once, I was not told that Elan was there that day.  I got there for my appointment and needed a nail repaired.  The person filling in was doing waxing or something else.  I was told by the girl up front that they would be with me in a few minutes.  Honestly, no one said another word to me for about 45 minutes.  Finally I asked, is anyone going to help me?  I had friends in town and was flying home to California the next day so I really wanted my nail fixed.  Finally, she had no idea how to match the color that Elan did, so I had to help her.  Instead of filling my nails properly she used glue.  It was awful.  Another time I was there, I was cut with the file and my finger was bleeding quite a bit.  I was scared because I don't know how clean the file was and I also felt sick in my stomach from being cut.  The cut was pretty large and went around the back of my finger.  I was shocked that I didn't even get a free service or even a discount on my nails.  I gave her a tip because the nails looked nice and I am nice like that, but I was very disappointed and decided to start going somewhere else up until the time that I moved.
2	They're ok. Pricey for mediocre job. Two of my nails were crooked and I know my fingers don't "go like this"!! She didn't even make sure that all my nails were the same length. And she took forever. But I guess they're nice and they offered me water but after I made a comment about water.
5	I came in on my honeymoon with my husband to get my gel polish soaked off and redone. The tech that did my nails put orange and black glitter gel polish on for Halloween (this was in October of 2012).  Not only was she extremely nice and professional, but the gel polish stayed on for FIVE weeks after I left. I had to have it removed only when my nail beds were growing out too far! No chips and no problems for the entire 5 weeks.We live in Idaho but I will go back to get my nails done every year when we go to Vegas.
5	I just moved to this side of town. It had been a really, really long time since I've had pedicure. But Jackie was very nice to not mention just how nasty my feet looked. She did an amazing job. She gave me the most amazing foot massage ever! And really just left my feet soft n cute looking. Then I had my nails done by Elan. She did a very nice job. She let my nails a little too long, but ill just have her cut them down when I go back in a couple of weeks, because for sure I will be going back!
4	Good place for a clean, friendly mani/pedi.  I loved my nail tech's deep purple gel polish so I asked for the same treatment.  Since we were traveling, we convinced our men to get pedis with us and it was a fun group experience.  My husband even opted for a manicure (he's particular about his cuticles)!
4	Elan is my go-to salon for manicures and pedicures. Regular manis are $12, and gel manis are $30 - plus a $5 charge for French tips. They also do combo deals for mani/pedis or when you have more than one service done - I believe my most recent gel mani and normal pedicure cost me $52, before tip. All in all, pretty reasonable for other prices I've seen/paid around town.The salon is pretty good with walk-ins, but I've began making appointments as every artist there does things a little differently. They are all pretty good, but I've found Phoebe does my nails the best (or at least the best for how I like them). She's also very friendly and good to chat with as the appointment goes on. You can usually get an appointment within 24 hours of calling for one, and Elan has a good range of colors, both regular and gel. My gel manis last anywhere from 2-3 weeks when I get them done here!
5	They were very nice! Got me in right away-good price and GREAT pedi massage chairs!
1	I can't understand why this place has such great reviews. My nail tech gave me the most painful pedicure of my life. She kept digging at my toe nails with her nippers until I was bleeding. I had to ask her to stop 4 different times. Each time, she would stop and then start again. No massage. One hour of pain followed by sloppy, uneven polish. I had an appointment for a gel mani as well. During my pedicure appointment, my fingers were wrapped to remove my current gel polish. By the time my pedicure was over, I just wanted out. I asked her if she could just remove the polish and that's it. She said ok. Then she starts going at my fingers with the same nippers she used on my toes. I pulled my hand away, said no and asked again to just have my polish removed. Long story short, it was $39. Awful experience. One of my toes is still throbbing. Would never recommend this place.
4	I'd go here again! After a few bad experiences at other Vegas nail salons I found this place and found it to be superior to my other experiences. They have the big, comfy mani/pedi spa chairs (which are new, well taken care of and not run down like some other locations). The employees were all nice and friendly, compared to some locations where they act like you don't even exist. I also liked that they played current, Top 40s type music as compared to "elevator music" or the typical sleepy spa music you hear in some places.
5	I wanted to find a place for my husband to get a mani/pedi and when I read the reviews in Yelp I decided to ignore the one with 1 star.I'm glad I did because my husband had a fabulous mani/pedi.  He has very ragged cuticles and the last place he went his cuticles looked about the same when he finished as when he went in.At Elan, he came out with really well manicured cuticles - no bleeding or cuts.  He said the pedicure chairs are massage chairs.  He really enjoyed his experience.The price was right too.
3	My pedi was not that great. My best friend got her nails sone by the owner they came out nice
2	My first experience here was bad. I came a second time as they were the only ones near by with an opening for an emergency Mani-pedi. The OWNER, I repeat, the OWNER did my nails. She was sloppy, slow, and no help when it came to a thoughtful design. Not to mention the cost, wayyyyyy over priced, if I wasn't in a rush to get out I would have objected to what she charged me for her bad work. The first time I was here the clinician did a fair job, but she was extremely rude and even rolled her eyes at me at one point (apparently,  I was fidgeting too much). That was just the mani part. The pedi, on the other hand, was great and it was the owners daughter(Jackie)  that performed the work at which she was GREAT! Efficient, friendly, and work was perfect, exactly what I asked for. Unfortunately, she moved away :( They have nice pedi-chairs.. Comfortable.. It's spacious. And looks somewhat clean most of the time.
5	Elan is AMAZING!  I moved to Las Vegas and needed someone who could replace the salon I had the previous 10 years in California.  Elan worked in Palm Beach for 17 years doing nails so YOU KNOW she is all about some ghetto fabulous designs and high quality nails that can stand any weather.  Plus she's super sweet and kind.  She really cares about what will look good on you and what will make you happy.  This is her passion.  She even has over 40 different colors/patterns of glitter for her gel that she created herself.  I love this place and I couldn't be happier with her.
1	I always read reviews on yelp, but I have never actually posted review until now. This place was that bad, I felt I had no choice. I am not sure of the name of the person who did my nails, all I know was that he was male. It could of been the owner but I am not sure. It took him 45 minutes just to get the gel off my acrylics. Once he started filling my nails he burned me with the tool they use, it hurt bad enough that I screamed and pulled my hand away. He acted like it was nothing. I asked for a french manicure. He did the first nail and this was the first time in my life I actually asked for him to re do it because it looked terrible. It looked like a toddler did it. Once he finished almost 2 and a half hours later, I was so disappointed at the work he was done I just paid and left. The second I got in my car I knew I shouldn't of paid for it, but I just decided to let it go. That week my nails got worse, they turned weird colors. It got so bad people would come up to me at work and ask what happened to my nails. Close friends said "Since I am your friend, I just need to tell you that this is the worst I have ever seen your nails look." I don't think I will ever give them a second try, because it was that bad. I find yelp usually accurate but after this place I am starting to doubt them.
4	I was visiting Vegas from LA and found elan on yelp. Great prices, clean and good work. The owner is the one who did my Mani and she even went out of her way to give me her honest opinion. She painted my nails and then suggested perhaps it wasn't my color...she was right. I was able to pick another polish.
4	Let me tell you this was a match made in Yelp heaven. I refuse to drop $30 at Encore for a brow wax. I sat by the pool, cigar in hand and started calling the local spots I found on Yelp. This was the only place capable of dealing with the high maintenance guy I am. I needed an appointment NOW and most places couldn't she said " sure honey just come by. We will take care of you." I show up and she's ready to roll. She asks what I want and tells me "you need those trimmed." I laugh and laugh. She took her time waxed em up trimmed em up and we talked about Yelpers. She took a good 15 mins and made sure they were perfecto. She said " I'm picky so I like to make sure I do the best for my customers" and wouldnt ya know it I'm picky as hell too! To my fellow Yelpers, if you are in Vegas need the nails did a pedicure or waxing, this place is proper and on the cheap. Ten bones for a brow wax. Come here, leave happy with more cash to drop at the craps table.
5	As soon as you walk in - you're welcomed with the biggest smile and greet from the owner!I have naturally long nails and I'm very particular on how nail techs can take care of my mani/pedi.  What I love most about the owner is that she personalizes nails to what you want or even suggests ideas on what to do to your nails.  I had a wedding to attend the last time I changed out my nails - and she recommended a French with some glitter separating the two colors.  I've never seen it or done it my entire life but I trusted her to do so anyways.  And I'm glad I did! Everybody loved my nails and asked where I got them done.  Location is perfect for me ... It's right next to Trader Joes and a family owned Greek restaurant! So I usually go get my nails done, run next door to buy fresh made pitas, then go grocery shopping.
1	I read the reviews and thought I'd give it a shot. It was my mom's birthday and she didn't really have a preference..just somewhere that would give a great pedicure. So we decided to go to Elan since it was pretty close to my place to try it out. Sadly, I should've gone with my gut and traveled further to Diamond Nails which is my usual nail salon.By any stretch of the imagination, I am not a high maintenance person..nor do I nit pick when it comes to nails...hell, I don't typically write reviews about anything. After my mother's and my experience here, I thought it deserved to be said and read publicly.My nail technician was not very social, which I personally don't care about. Since I am not very talkative either. I noticed a lot of weird habits she had that were "red flags" about the possible hygienic issues she practices. When your nails get filed and cuticles trimmed they normally soak for a bit before they dry them and polish. She kept using the water my hand was soaking in to clean off the cuticle nipper for my other hand. I've never seen a technician do this before. She then dropped her cuticle tool twice on the floor, and didn't hesitate either time to sanitize or clean them. After these findings, she cut my finger pretty deeply trying to cut the skin closely and threw something on it immediately to stop bleeding(I'm a little fragile with nail salons and sanitation since one my toes contracted a severe infection when I was young due to unsanitary practices at a nail salon) It hurt like a mother, she didn't apologize and insinuated that it was my fault. At this point, I was pretty pissed and just wanted her to finish the job.Lastly, time management could be better here. We arrived at 4:10 for a 4:20 appointment and literally 1 minute after we came in, the 4:15 appointment arrived but she had to wait after my mother and myself to start her appointment. Which was roughly 45-60 minutes after. I felt pretty bad and she looked very annoyed since the only other nail technician besides our myself and my mom's, was chatting up a thunderstorm with her client (there's nothing wrong with that) but when we come in after her client, and finish before..there has to be some piece of the puzzle missin'.Elan Nails:-Time management sucked -Paint job was unevenly coated -Used her cellphone a lot and rolled her eyes at small talk-The technician cut index finger deeply, didn't apologize/blaming it on me-Unsanitary practices
5	I've been going here for a while. Found this place on yelp .. Since then I love phoebe she always does a great job and can fit me in any time I call .. Ps they are really creative too.. any cool nail art you see they can do just ask :)
5	I love here. Great price and great artwork. This place is where i go all the time for my nails.
1	Worst pedicure I think I have ever had! I don't even write these things but I had to. No soap in water. Cold water. No massage. She cut my nails so short. Horrible french. I want to scream! Elan does awesome nails but the other girls SUCK!!! Do not recommend.
5	Great nails every time! I will come back every time.
3	Until today this would have been 5 star, but until today had only gone here for mani/pedi, which was awesome. Today I availed myself of waxing services. Mistake. Big mistake. Sub par is polite. How you can f--k up a lip Or bikini wax is beyond me but both were horrid. Lip was left raw and I had to apply own cooling gel because the waxing gal left me alone in the room after ripping off the wax. To say the bikini line is uneven is a colossal understatement. Maybe she's only used to doing Brazilians. Regardless when I tried to proffer direct in person feedback was told that this woman "has worked here for a long time and no one has ever complained." I find that hard to believe. So go here for nails. They're great at that. Go elsewhere for waxing.
5	Called based on yelp reviews. They got me in for a gel mani and pedi ten min Sunday afternoon. Hannah was awesome! Great nail tech and very efficient. So happy I stopped in. It is so hard to find great nail techs in Las Vegas. I will be a regular here. They are competitively priced and centrally located. The ladies were all friendly which was a bonus for the experience.
1	I just went into the establishment and was immediately denied service.  I had to greet the associates first and was then told they did not have time for me. They did not ask if I could come at a later time or if they'd be available later in the day. I have never gone to any nail salon & they not want my business for no apparent reason. No bueno!
5	I'm only giving 5 stars for the full set of nails Elena did them awesome job! She gave me suggestions for bling paint and glitter you rock Elena. The salon is very clean and they sterilize all there tools used for mani and pedis. Now for the pedi part I believe her name was Febee?? She was very nice but had a way of talking me out of the toenail art I wanted I don't know if she couldn't do it or just didn't want to I was the only customer as far as the pedi itself I have to say it's the worst $40 pedi I have had no scrub or massage on the legs or feet that's the best part!! She did put lotion on my legs no oil around cuticles the paint job was great but it ended there. If I was back in Vegas I would definitely go back to Elena for nails but skip the pedi.
5	Elan is the best! She truly cares about customers and what's best for the customer. Whenever I'm in vegas I always come see her. 5 star service. I've come to her for the past year whenever I'm in town.
1	I made an appointment here to get a gel manicure at 6 pm. I arrived well on time which gave them a good hour to work on me before closing. The woman sitting in the front (im assuming is the owner of the place or at least she acted like she was) was the one who assisted me first. The whole entire time she was doing my nails, she was complaining about how she didn't feel good and that she had a headache. She also seemed like she was in a hurry to leave and was complaining to me that i apparently had a lot of hangnails and pretty much made it seem like it was taking up too much of her time (hello, isnt that what a manicure is for anyway??). She was not gentle at all and cut me twice. Not only that, she also proceeded to tell the other nail techs about how i had so many hangnails. Extremely unprofessional and lazy. So glad when she finally left and let the other tech finish. This tech was nice and she was making conversation but she was doing a horrible job on my nails. Some nails got coats that were too thick some too thin and she wasn't really cleaning the edges in between cures. So now here i am three hours later and my top coat is already starting to peel! Worst experience so far at a nail salon. I would never spend my money here ever again!
2	If it was not for the fact I felt I was scammed out of something I did not ask for this place would have gotten a four star rating. I inquired about the price for a French manicure and was quoted $17 over the phone. I was very happy with my whole experience until I went to pay, and was told it was $35. I said but you quoted me $17 on the phone. I was told that was for a regular French manicure, I gave you gel." I explained to her I do not even know what gel is. She said it would last longer than a regular manicure, which is great, but would have appreciated being told my options up front. I will say my nails looked great, but I have never felt this ripped off in my life. I asked the price up front so  I wouldn't feel jaded, it should have been my choice to have gotten gel, not what they thought would be better.
5	I just got my eye brows done and I love them iam from la so kinda scared of doing them somewhere were I've never been but lady who did them was super nice will be coming back when I come back into town thanks -
4	Just moved from summerlin across town so my regular nail place is too far so I yelped it and found this place. At first i was skeptical cause of the location but its unfortunate cause the salon is clean the staff is VERY friendly and nice. The owner is funny and All smiles! The prices were average same as what I was paying in summerlin 25 for a pedicure and actually got a free white tips with my full set. I think I found my new home for nails
5	I've been getting my nails done for many years honestly this is the best place to go in Las Vegas ! The owner of the shop is very helpful and just perfect !!!!!  when it comes to her daughters she is fantastic!! Very clean upscale with out the price just great work!! Only place too come in Las Vegas
5	I have scoured the town for a good nail salon since I moved here 7 years ago and finally found it. I came from NYC and it was tough to find anyone in town to do the NY style french manicure (thin white lines vs. the thick white lines). Elan, Jackie & Phoebe are the best and very creative.
2	Phoebe is fantastic but the owner needs to get her act together. I came in seeing a price outside for $34 for a mani/pedi. Assuming gel would be a bit more, this seemed reasonable to me. Overall my service was good, Phoebe did a great job and was very detailed.   My rating is based on my interaction with the owner, who could use a little business etiquette class.  When Phoebe was reviewing the cost with me, I simply asked how much extra was the gel from their posted price outside. The owner tells me $30.  So I said it's $30 extra for gel? She says no, that's how much a gel manicure is. We kept going back and forth on how much extra the gel was, because as a consumer I was asking what I was paying for. She refused to answer my question-even though I must've asked it about 5 times. And she wondered why I got frustrated with her refusal to answer. The cost for what I got wasn't unreasonable, however it shouldn't be too much to ask what the variables are in your total. Also, when customers add on services that aren't standard, then they should be informed how much extra they are going to be.  And standing there arguing like a broken record makes you look bad as a business owner. I don't understand how difficult it is to answer simple questions.
5	Hands down best nail salon in Vegas! Cute shop conveniently located in the Trader Joe's shopping plaza. I always make an appointment because the ladies working here are so great that they have plenty of clients :) Never had a problem with anyone working here so I don't know what the other posts are talking about. Everyone working here is very friendly & good at what they do. I always get a gel mani/pedi. Can last up to a month without breaking nails or any polish chipping. Also, they're VERY CLEAN! They keep the shop clean & I always see them using freshly sterilized tools on each different client.
1	They didn't welcome us when we came in. While we were looking at the sample nails they informed us that they couldn't take us because they were busy... They had 3 people in there. Maybe they do good work but I will never know.
5	this place-great service! I found this place about a year ago & moved so I stopped going but today I ventured back here on a random whim. It felt so good to go back! Hispanic Jackie did my pedicure & nails & she was such a sweetheart with amazing technique & serious massage skills! Tiny but strong hands! The owner & her daughters want customers to have first class service so no one is rushed thru & it's a real chill vibe! You notice right away the customers are all loyal long standing customers & the girls make everyone feel part of the family! I also noticed they are honest about wait times! They dont lie & say 10 min like most nail shops because they aren't pushing people thru like cattle! Extremely clean & all supplies are new & sterilized! It's best to make an appointment ahead of time! I was lucky to get in as a walk in! Asian Jackie creates art with her nail brush & it was fun watching her in action & hears the oooh & awwws!
1	Went in for what I believe would be a pedicure which included a foot and lower leg massage.  I was a drop-in and there was a lady sitting by the front desk with another lady who was giving someone a manicure.  I asked about the pricing and what that included.  I was told it included a foot and lower leg massage along with the pedicure.  It turned out to be a disaster.  There was no foot or leg massage given, and the pedicure was a sloppy job.  The paint on the toenails looked awful because the cuticles were not done correctly and the toenails were not cut correctly. I paid for the sub-service and left swearing to never return. Since I shop a lot  in that center, I decided to stop in and speak to the owner about the horrible pedicure.  When I walked in, it was the same lady as before in the front doing a manicure, but the other lady who had done my pedicure was not there.  I asked to speak with the owner and she told me she was the owner.  I asked her about the older lady who does pedicures.  She said, "There are only 3 other people In here that work for me and they are all here."  So I looked around and did not see that other lady.  I said no, there was another lady in here a few weeks ago that was doing pedicures.  She continued to protest that these were her only employees for years and years until one of their clients in the back spoke up and said, "I think she is talking about that older white lady that used to work here."  Only then did the owner fess up embarrassingly saying, "Oh, that lady, she was only here 3 weeks."  Like she totally forgot!Now on top of getting a bad pedicure, now the owner was not being truthful about who she employs at her business.  Ridiculous!  I told her about the horrible experience I had with that person and she seemed very nonchalant like, "Oh well, nothing I can do now about it."  Wow!  This is certainly not someone I would ever want to do business again with in the future.
5	I just moved to Vegas and was hoping to find a decent nail place without having to try a bunch of salons... I definitely succeeded, Jackie & Phoebe were great!! I got my acrylics removed so my nails can heal from the drill lines and switched to just a gel polish. I am very happy with my nails and scheduled my next appt before leaving!
5	I found this gem of a salon via Yelp and was drawn in by all the rave reviews and their artistic nail designs. Without hesitation I rang and requested Phoebe for a same day appointment during my lunch hour and she got me in immediately!  I showed her a photo of a deep red gel manicure with back French tip done in all mat texture. She knocked it out of the park and when she was done (within 1 hour) I looked at her and said "You have a new client"! I've been very loyal to a salon in Summerlin for 16 years but their quality was shifting quite a bit. Phoebe's a perfectionist and takes her time to make sure she creates exactly what you desire. My gel manicure was impeccable and by far the best I've ever had. I give this salon stellar reviews! Every one in that salon is amazingly talented. It's a hidden gem. Give them a call I promise you you'll love it!  Now I can't wait for a pedicure. Thanks Phoebe!
4	Went in for a quick gel removal and manicure. Great service! Can't remember the girls name but she did a good job. Would return again.
1	Am not sure who those 8) reviews were but this is the most horrible nail experience I've ever had.....I've asked for a mani-pedi.... Started w pedicure but technician rushed off to another client without finishing w me. I got passed on to another technician for manicure but I waited so long I lost interest.
2	Ive been going here for years and have to say...the customer service has gone downhill.  They are down to only one technician capable of doing acrylic nails.  I came in on a Sat. morning to have a repair done & was told that one magical person with those powers was out.  I had to go to another salon.  Two weeks ago, I made an appointment for a fill.  They neglected to put me on the books.  Once again, that magical person was not there so I was turned away after coming all the way down there in the Vegas heat.  When I reschduled and came back down, I was not even offered a discount or anything. My tech is always late for her appointments...the record so far is 45mins.  That being said, the nails & wax are still of 5 star quality.
3	Great service, however I didn't really enjoy my gel nails. It looked really pretty at first but came off pretty easily, in less than a week. I think it had something to do with my cuticles not being perfectly done? I'm not sure, however I know gel nails usually last a little over two weeks on me, that's why I'm pretty disappointed.
3	I've been to lots of nail Solons and I've been doing my own nails also so I know about how to do nails, take care of your nails... The lady who did my pedi had attitude and didn't even feel good. But the lady who did my nails was good and had good conversation too
5	I need to get my nails done last minute and was driving atriums doing errands so I yelped the nearest nail salon at my current location. I'm so happy I stumbled upon this gem!! I called first and they took my right away. I got lucky I didn't have to wait to long. I got a gel manicure And gel pedicure. Jackie did my pedicure first and did an amazing job! She's so thorough and pays attention to detail. She must get it from her mama Elan, who too is a perfectionist! They both are great at what they do. Beautiful stylish designs and always up to the newest trends. Place is clean, service is on point and the experience is consistent everytime I go. I've been in Vegas for 3 years now And I finally found a nail salon that does such a great job :)
5	I've lived in vegas 27 years and have tried a ton of different nail salons. This one is by far the best, and a great price. Very clean, nice staff, amazing massage chairs. Beats Polished Nails service by far!
4	Stopped by here with my mom while in Vegas. I got a pedicure and she got a fill They did a good job on both but of course it has the cheesy decor that most nail places have so if you're looking for somewhere nicer, this isn't the place.
5	Best nail salon I have EVER been to! All of these ladies speak clear English and are extremely talented. I never wanna go anywhere else.
1	I don't understand why this place has such high reviews. This was among the worst experiences I've had in salons. They are very nice, but really don't have any skill or technique. My pedicurist cut me with the cuticle scissors. Then she put some blue liquid in it and insisted it would be fine. I was already hesitant as this salon uses the old spa chairs which are notoriously dirty. They have been banned in many areas. She told me the owner thinks the tub liners are "too expensive." This comes at the expense of their customer's well being. Not ok.The rest of the pedicure was mediocre at best. My gel manicure was a mistake. I should have stopped after the pedi experience. My manicurist was very sweet but had no idea how to file nails. It took over 30 minutes to file alone. I had to ask several times for her to reshape my nails as they were all different.My French manicure gels are all different thicknesses on each nail. NOT worth the $75 I spent. For 20 more I could have gone to the hotel spa where I'm staying. Should have known better...
1	When I walked in and told an employee that I had an appointment, she asked, "Are you sure you called THIS salon?" Puzzled as to why she asked me that, I said, "yes," and she asked me to wait for my manicurist to arrive. The girl I spoke to in person even sounded like the same girl I made the appointment with over the phone. Seemed odd.My manicurist, the owner, was 15 minutes late for my appointment, with no apology or consideration for my time. She was very arrogant with me AND her employees. I usually plan on my nails taking an hour, however this manicure took even longer. She either couldn't multi-task or didn't care to, but while she told stories to her coworkers, she'd stop working on my nails to talk. She criticized how horrible my nails looked, hence why I was at a salon to get them done. She said, "You wan square, right?" I responded by saying no. She filed my nails and then asked if the length and shape were ok (square) and I asked her to make them shorter and with a more rounded shape, not square! She literally laughed and said that was not possible. Dumb-founded by her answer and reaction, I said, "Then why ask what I want?"When I handed her my credit card to pay she told me the credit card machine didn't work. I told her that's all I had. It was suggested I go to an ATM. I was paying with an actual credit card. They attempted to run it and it worked. Was that their sketchy way to convince me to pay in cash? Another customer paid with a card right after me and that card worked as well!When I left, I had to say good bye and thank you twice before all the employees stopped talking to each other to say goodbye back.Overall, the manicure was good but the experience will not bring me back again.
3	I came in for a full set didn't have an appointment and was able to get seen right away. Tracy did my nails I LOVED the way she shaped my nails, however the paint job is not good :( you can see the top coat and when it stops it. The coverage is not good. Also I felt pressured to leave when my nails were not all the way dry. I would return again just gonna have to really look at my nails before I leave
1	DO NOT PAY TO GET GEL DONE HEREThe service was nice and the girl did a good job with the actual manicure part, but quality wise was terrible. I literally got my nails done less than a week ago and the gel is already coming off. I could have just gotten regular polish and it would have lasted longer. Worst gel I've ever gotten. Maybe they use cheap products or something or maybe the girl didn't know what she was doing. I'm very disappointed. 45 bucks down the drain.
5	I've searched a long time for a good nail salon in Vegas. There are a lot of them but this is the first good one! Elan is a doll... felt like we were long lost friends the moment we met! The shop is always clean and my nails always look fantastic!  Thanks Elan see you in 2 weeks :)
5	I feel like this is a hidden gem that others must know about!  I would have never thought twice about it except a friend of mine showed me the work of her new nail stylist - Jackie - and I have been going every two weeks since June and she continues to exceed my expectations!  I go for gels and my nails have never looked better.  Make an appointment and get in while you still can!
