5	TALULA!  What a great colorful place! Not only was the service great.. but obviously the food was awesome too!   I was there for lunch a couple weeks ago.  My party ordered some crab cakes.  I am a crab cake hound and I thought these were super good. So try em out!   Then for lunch i pigged out (Im allowed!) on the Applewood Bacon Cheese Burger and I haven't had a medium rare burger cooked soo perfect in such a long long time. The salad that I choose to eat with the burger was also very good.  Get your butt over to Talula!!  Its a great atmosphere! They have great beer on tap & many different wines to choose from also.  I'm excited to go there this spring/summer and chill on the beautiful patio i saw covered in snow!
2	we thought we'd give their sunday brunch a try. i don't think we'll be back.the service and drinks were probably the best part. the "medium" bloody mary was fresh-tasting and had just enough spice; worth $5.50. i opted for the crabcake benedict which was done well, eggs perfectly poached. the english muffin wasn't toasted very much, which kinda stunk. the crab wasn't as salty as i've had other places, so that was nice. and the hollandaise sauce was just right, not too lemony and not at all goopy.fellow diner's 6 oz steak and eggs were another story. he ordered over-easy eggs and they came over medium and rubbery. he asked for another pair and was accommodated with underdone eggs. the steak was good and done rare, as was ordered... but neither of these dishes were worth their $13 and $16 price tag.i don't think they've had brunch going for very long, so maybe they just have some kinks to work out.
2	Talula, WHAT ARE YOU??? The decor inside is eclectic to say the least, modern art, Spanish wood work, sports bar... My head was hurting just walking by your electric pink exterior. And you need to learn to NOT sit patrons right next to the live band, ever. Your food makes up for your decor. Friday fish fry is delicious and very modestly priced! While you don't follow a specific cuisine range, the dishes are tasty. Once you get over your identity crisis, I might be back.
4	The owners of Talula's have managed to make a silk purse out of a sow's ear. If you have any sense of east side Madison history you'll understand that they inherited the Brady Bunch interior and hot pink exterior from previous tenants, but they make it work. To me the decor says East Madison hip frugal green with a generous dose of local artists on the walls. Rather than run themselves into a financial hole by trying to do an extensive remodel, they've wisely focused on making do with what they have (and quite nicely, I might add) and paying attention to food, service, and a mix of weekly entertainment options. In today's economy, that's downright sexy.The food is a mixture of gastropub and regular eats, and there's probably something for everyone. Good beer is readily available (as opposed to when it was CJ's and your choices seemed to be Bud and Miller Lite). That, in combination with people watching, makes it a local hangout where not everybody necessarily knows your name, but they are always glad you came. Blue collar, white collar, families, you name it and they frequent Talula's. If you're looking for East Side Madison with a sense of humor about itself, head here. It's all good.
3	I expected a Greek place and had no idea what to think about the hot pink building. But, this place was surprisingly good. Had the fish fry, which was good (but they are pretty hard to mess up). Everyone else seemed to like their food. The service was a bit slow, but it was Friday and they were busy.
2	Good beer on tap.  Food was below average.
5	I loved this place!!! I admit, I was expecting a Mexican restaurant and was surprised when I walked in.  I actually like teh eclectic inside and pink exterior and the blue christmas lights on the trees outside.  The food was excellent and so was the service.  I thought this place was cute!!!
4	Wow, people weren't kidding about the decor and color!! LOLMy husband and I trekked across town to have dinner out with our 10 mo old daughter.  We had a nice sample of aps, meaty entrees, house made desserts and a couple of drinks :)  The food was a bit all over the place, but when it was done right it was wonderful... at the same time when it fell it was pretty hard.  Ok, well whenever I see calamari on a menu I HAVE to try it, I've also never had deep fried pickles, but keep seeing them everywhere so decided to give in.  I don't know what I was expecting from the pickles, but they def didn't hit the spot.  Neither did the calamari (actually, I hate to say it, but it was the worst I've ever had... and I've tried A LOT)... so we ditched those and this time my husband picked one out, the Artichoke Crostini.  Delicious!   Def a must try.My husband and I sampled the drink list as well... and the wine selection was nothing great, but the dinner menu had suggested pairings, which is nice.  The beer selection was pretty nice!  Lots of local and seasonal things from micro brews, which we always love to see!  I was thrown off at first by the T.V. and 'sports bar' like atmosphere in the bar.  It seemed a little out of place, but then I thought about the bright pink exterior and really, what can one expect?  We didn't sample the harder alcohol because they didn't have any specialty cocktails (or at least we didn't receive a menu)... which always disappoints.For my entree, the Rib-eye while my husband tried the grilled pork chop.  I had a cup of their carrot-ginger soup, which was fine (I've had much better carrot-ginger at Jacs dinning and tap house on Monroe, mmmmmm).  My steak was cooked fine, but lacked seasoning.... it came with a zin reduction which also lacked seasoning :(  The garlic mash was alright.  My husband's pork chop was great, the marinade was awesome!  We didn't get to select our temp, and was personally over cooked (I'm a rare meat kind of girl), the rice was fine and mango salsa was great! Overall I'd order the pork again... not the steak.  Husband:2 me:0 Dessert options were so, so.  We went with Key Lime (husband) and Flan.  The flan was fine, nothing really great there.  The pie was great, so yet again my husband made the best choice.  They were super kid friendly! Don't know about the children's menu, but they were very supportive of our baby and we never once felt in the way or a bother to other diners, and this was on a Saturday night at 7.We'll be back (probably not for some time... they are a little far for us aaaand in the middle of nowhere), but next time hubby makes all of the choices!!It looks like they have music entertainment every night... the guy there when we were eating was OK... I guess, I'd just rather enjoy my meal listening to the radio... or anything else.  It wasn't horrible (because we were far away) but they could probably save a bit and just can the live entertainment without anyone shedding a tear.
3	I had the Friday special, beer battered walleye with baked potato. The waiter was great, he didn't want me to feel rushed but he was very busy so he juggled a lot to get back to me.  When I selected a wine, he even gave me his opinion ("my favorite").  I think it was worth the money but I don't think I'll go back for fried food.  The hamburgers looked awesome (a nearby table had the guac burger...mmm).
3	About average. Nothing special.
