5	The widest selection of various beef jerkies I have seen, with all the various spices anyone could want.  Also specializing in exotic game jerky, such as buffalo, venison, elk, gator and so on.  The hunters sausage  was excellent.  They also have deep fried whole peanuts with spices...something I had never seen before...you eat the whole peanut, shell and all and it was pretty tasty!!!  Tons of samples are available and the staff there is super friendly and knowledgeable about all things  jerky.Jeana...thanks for your enthusiasm, the great jerky, and advice on the insider secrets for what to eat n do in Vegas!!  Will definitely return for more great jerky the next time I go to LV.Also, if you are a hot sauce fan, you must check out all the extreme hot sauce stocked here that I have not been able to find on very many shelves
5	04/31 /11.  Oh my this is the best moist jerky I ever had.  I had some kind of smoke cherry flavored.  Variety of jerky flavors.  Will be back or can't wait for the website to order some more.  A bit pricey but worth every cent.
5	What a fabulous stop!!  A little off the beaten path for Vegas, but the business is in a great location.  The service is unbeatable... especially for Jerky Outlets. Janice who helped us out and let my wife and I sample some of the jerky was an outstanding sales person.  The visit was fun and a must stop for jerky fans.  It was fun to try out the exotic Kangaroo and Alligator jerky and we ended up getting some great deals with as much as we purchased.  Thank you.  Visit them when in Vegas
4	Came upon this place by total accident, and it is such a fun place!Whatever your jerky or peanut lovin' heart desires, they have it here......Meat: beef, alligator, kangaroo, elk, buffalo, vension, and probably a bunch of other crazy animals you wouldn't think of eatingTexture: soft, medium, or break your jaw hardPackaging: small packs, big packs, or mix and match and then pay by the poundMy most favorite find in this store was the deep fried peanuts.  You can eat the WHOLE THING, even the shell.  They have a bunch of different flavors.  I like the peanut brittle (like dessert!) and cajun flavors best.And you can sample, sample, sample!My only negative is that the jerky is really expensive, which I get because it's exotic animals and everything...but it's still quite a sticker shock when you get to the register.Super fun place, and you have to try those crazy animal jerkies at least once!!
5	BH and I stumbled upon this joint whilst venturing outside of the Vegas strip on our way from Starbucks (in the same plaza) to Bachi Burger.  While driving away, coffee in hand, I pointed at the sign and literally yelled, "JERKY!!!"  BH screeched the car to a halt, parked, and we walked into a paradise of dried, cured, jerked meats, fried peanuts, sweet popcorn, and various types of sauces and coffee.  BH and I are crazy about beef jerky.  We originally thought alien was the place to go until we came here (the mom and pop shop near mammoth is great, too, but a little too far and out of our way since none of us ski/snowboard).  The lady who worked there was awesome and very sweet.  She explained the various types of meats (softer jerky in the refrigerator aisle) and the medium to harder jerky were in the barrels along the wall.  She said she would be happy to let us sample any jerky we wanted.  We tried about three - blazin' hot beef, maple smoked beef, and the cherry smoked turkey.  The beef is a lot softer and more flavorful than the turkey. The maple smoked jerky is TDF.  Slightly sweet, a little smoky, and very tender.  The blazin' hot smoked beef jerky is my next fave.  It isn't too spicy at all (but I can handle my heat).  The lady kept asking me if I was okay and if I needed water LOL. It is about $22 per pound. We ended up getting half a pound of blazin' hot and a pound of maple smoked.  We also grabbed a few bags of the cajun spiced peanuts and the peanut brittle.  The peanuts are fried whole so the shell itself is crispy and edible and are $3.99 per bag.  It's unlike anything I've ever tried! Since BH and I are total gluttons, we ended up going BACK to the Jerky Outlet. . .not once but TWICE for a total of three visits.  We bought an extra pound of blazin' hot beef jerky for a total of 1.5 pounds of blazin' hot, another TWO pounds of maple, for a total of 3 pounds of maple, and an extra bag of cajun peanuts and five extra bags of peanut brittle for a total of 11 bags of peanuts. . .We also got two bags of the popcorn for BH's co-worker.  We spent over $100 on jerky and peanuts. . .and a little bit of popcorn.  Crazy?  Yes.  But we're crazy about jerky (and I guess peanuts too!)
4	I admit. It takes a certain intangible to make me want to bother Yelping a place these days. And I'm glad to say that the Jerky Outlet has it. Whatever it is.It may be the small mom and pop feel to the place. As soon as I entered and the lady found out it was my first time, she gave me a rundown of the store layout and what they have to offer. I haven't been to the downtown jerky stores, so I can't compare. The Jerky Outlet isn't huge, but it has a pretty good selection. The meats include beef, turkey, salmon, elk, buffalo, alligator, and kangaroo, and they come in various flavors. Unfortunately, they were out of alligator and kangaroo today, but that gives me a reason to come back.To me, the bags of jerky are expensive, but I don't mind throwing down a few bucks to get a few pieces. It's not like I eat a ton of jerky. I like that you can fill up a bag with your own selections. It also helps that the lady gave me a few 10% off coupons to use on future visits.With that friendly, helpful, and welcoming vibe, this place easily earns my fandom.p.s. I almost forgot about the deep-fried peanuts. I walked out with a bag of deep-fried peanut brittle. Strangely delicious.
4	Their billboard beckoned me but their jerky made me a follower. During my first time there, an employee greeted me right away and told me about their item offerings and layout. They had frozen kangaroo, elk, alligator, and buffalo, several types of jerky (turkey, beef, spicy, original honey smoked BBQ flavor, teriyaki, sweet cherry-flavored and more), cured sausages, bottled hot sauces, and deep-fried peanuts to eat with the shell (as instructed on the bag). I personally disliked the texture and amount of shell for this last item.All of their jerky and sausages were delicious and texturally ideal. My favorites were the "original" and the "spicy". The original was bursting with beef, honey, barbecue, and pepper flavor while the spicy jerky builds up a good amount of heat without disrespecting the flavor of the meat. My favorite feature was that I could make up my own bag of mixed jerkies with the bags and tongs they provide. At the time (July '12), it was about $22 a pound- a very fair price as meat loses the majority of its mass when dehydrated. Before I flew back to NJ, I revisited this place to pick up more jerky for myself as well as gifts for family and coworkers. This is a keeper for my next Vegas romp. I'll be more hoardy then.
5	Just got back from Las Vegas and went to the Jerky Outlet. My grandson had bought some Peanut Brittle, whole peanuts in shell and loved them so much we had to go back.  I hadn't tried them but took his word for it so I bought two more bags.  Well, I love them as well!  We've already eaten all of them.I called this evening and spoke to Gina, she was very nice and said they can ship them out to me!  Yay!!  So now I ordered six bags.  I wanted my friends and daughter to try them but oops, they're all gone!!  : (( I know they're not for everyone, the shell texture is alittle weird at first but once you get over that, they're very addicting!!Can't wait to receive my package!!!
4	Pretty expensive, but worth it. You can also order directly online in case you can't get to a store and need some Gator Jerky!
3	Disappointed with the last trip I had to Alien Jerky (http://www.yelp.com/biz/alien-fresh-jerky-baker-2#hrid:e2yhVqwUSHGM_v7uJcdGNA), I was hoping to find another location that would sustain my beef jerky needs whenever I head to Vegas. Saw a billboard for the Jerky Outlet, so decided to try it out.They don't label all their prices on all their packages, which is something I always hate. Makes them seem a little shady. Turns out some of the selection is VERY pricey. And when you look at the packages, it is kinda small too.But the kicker is that their jerky is moist not dry, and that they serve exotic meats. Kangaroo... Alligator... Buffalo... Elk... Mmm. Yummy.It's definitely worth a try. Ended up spending $30 for 2 packages of jerky (roughly $20 for the kangaroo). Worth a try, but only if you're willing to spend the cash for it.
4	I don't know if I can say anything beyond what Paolo D. has alreday said about Jerky Outlet. My experience and initial impressions are very much the same. I was warmly greeted and breifed on the product and layout of the store. I was told about the packaged jerky and sausage as well as the deep fried peanuts of which you can sample. I was told that I could fill my own bag with my own meat mixture and pay by the pound. I like the variety provided here. Many flavors to choose from and many types of meat are the highlight to me. They have beef, bison, elk, venison, turkey, aligator, and kangaroo. I wanted to try kangaroo so badly but it was a softer jerky. Thicker cuts simply smoked and packaged. I was afraid to buy a big bag and risk not liking it. Especially at the high price I'm sure it is. I'll have to find some adventurous friends to go in on it with me. Instead I got a small bag of smoked venison. 1.92 oz at $7.99 per bag. It is expensive but I wanted to try it. Its good. Not very tender but a ton of flavor. A good purchase for a different sort of snack. Next time I go back, and I will be back, I want to get a t-shirt. Yes, they have those too. And in sizes up to 4XL.  They read "People Eating Tasty Animals." I love it. They had one other about vegetarians being the villiage idiot. Funny stuff for a hardcore meat eater like me.
3	CAN'T BEAT HOMEMADE JERKY We make a lot of jerky at home. My husband's secret recipe consists of teriyaki sauce and sweet chili sauce. Not much of a secret, but it produces great results every time.  We have a couple different dehydrators we use. I like my jerky spicier than he does so I was happy to find a spicy blend at this outlet.We stopped in here on our way back to the airport before a departing flight home. Knowing that Virgin doesn't provide free peanuts or snacks, I wanted to stock up a little and fill my pockets with nibblers.  The exotic meats offered here were a little bit out of what I thought was a fair price. It's expensive to get kangaroo and alligator even at Cabela's but I normally get a bunch when I'm in Reno. I passed on this stop.We were greeted upon walking in by a cheerful woman who told us about the shop and let us try a deep fried peanut sample. I actually eat peanut shells. I like the salt and mealy taste to them. These had the shells on and you were supposed to eat them that way so I was excited. Same great shell taste (but no salt).  They weren't bad but we passed on buying any.We ended up just purchasing a few flavors out of the beef bins. They had lots to choose from and we each picked a couple: peppercorn and hot/spicy for me, teriyaki and something else for him.  I liked that the bins allowed you to pick the amount you wanted for a set, per-pound price. We didn't get a lot and our total was just under $7. Not bad. A couple of the pieces were very dry and tough but the flavor was good. Other pieces were more tender. I liked the combination of both.Not sure we'd go out of our way to stop back in but it was a good stop for what we needed that day.
4	Interesting selection of jerkys here.  Not as extensive as The Beef Jerky Store in Downtown but unusual in that you can buy as much or as little of each variety as you'd like by making a bag (or two or three or ...) on your own out of their barrels.  Interestingly, it's cheaper by the pound to do that than it is to buy the pre-packaged versions.  The jerky tastes very good, too.  They also have equally good beef sticks that are not greasy like the cheap junk stuff.
2	It's ok.... To few selections to call themselves an "outlet" also over priced!! The Beef Jerky Store Down Town is Much Better!!!!
1	If I could rate this negative stars, I would. I have been taking my nephews here since they opened. Our experiences have been great until today!  1st...we weren't 2 steps in to store before the clerk listed half a dozen things my boys could not do. Dont touch the jerky barrel, don't touch the samples, don't touch the refrigerator section.  Now mind you, they bring their own money and are 12 & 15. They are not hyper and they are very respectful.  2nd....our total was $80 and change. I give her $44 and want the balance on a card. She takes the cash, then takes a personal phone call while she is running card. She hands me a slip to aign for the total purchase amount.  She tells me that's just the total, not what I charged your card.  I check the account on my phone and show her she charged me more than $36. She argued with me then told me she could not give me the $44 in cash back. Said there are not refunds.   She proceeds to call her manager and continues to tell him the wrong thing.  Finally afer 15 minutes she gives me my $44. 3rd...she refused to let me apeak to her manager, put her hand in my face and was beyond rude. As I said, I used to love this place. Whether it be new staff or bad management,  I don't know, but I will never return. One more thing, apparently if you are under 18, they do not want your business.  Ahe took a call while we were there and told someone that kids under 18 were not allowes. The reason....get this, they sale hot sauce and have nuts out for samples. Are ypu f**king kidding me! Well walmart sales hot sauce and has nut samples too. So I guess they think that those under 18 are too stupid to realize hot sauce is hot and if you're allergic to nut you should not sample.Change your staff and rules!
4	This is one of my stops whenever I'm in town. Good jerky selection, but I'm especially a huge fan of their deep fried peanuts. They have different flavors and the shell is edible. My nieces love their flavored popcorn mixes.
1	Tourist trap. Sub-par and stale for the price. The clerk at the store is very abrasive. I parked in the designated spot for the store and she came out before my engine was off telling me that I could not go to the bank ?!? I wasn't going to the bank, I was going to buy some jerky for a party tonight. (I don't even use that bank). I was out-of-time so I bought some jerky from her anyways. I wish I would have gone to wal-mart instead.
3	It has all the appearances of a mom and pop local store but it turns out all the jerky is from the Midwest somewhere.The jerky in the bins for the mix and match were all pretty stale and dried out.  My friend got some prepackaged stuff that was much better.Nothing really wow'd me here.  I tried some spicy and some terriyaki and some peppercorn.The lady at the register was nice and explained everything they had to offer and gave coupons for our next visit.With nothing being all that amazing here, I'll just stick to buying the generic mass produced stuff at the supermarket.
1	This is the 3rd time I purchased jerky from them and all three times the jerky was bad.  The first two times the jerky was spoiled. The first time I purchased $80 worth and when I returned it, they weren't happy but gave me an exchange anyway.   The second time I went back to hawaii by the time I realized it was spoiled. The third time, which was yesterday, the jerky had mildew on it. I went back to the store the the girl was rude, said all sales were final.   I showed her the package and the receipt and she could see that no jerky was eaten but she still said no. What a fucking rip off. I'm never going back and telling everyone about this place including the health dept.
4	Sad to say but its closed.   It was very expensive but they had some good exotic jerky.  Elk.  Alligator. Etc etc.  Fried peanuts of all flavors.  Right next door to a bank for easy withdrawal to pay for it...lol.  found their meats had less additives. Healthier jerky.  Sad its gone
