1	So I ordered pizzas for the guys moving me and the delivery guy was extremely late "he couldn't find the building with 6ft numbers on them" So when this guy gets to my place he was all pissed off because he couldn't find my place. He made a few smart ass remarks to me "probably because I din't tip him" and that's when I had enough and told him not to be a smart ass,THIS DUDE CALLED ME A WETBACK AND THREATEND TO KICK MY ASS. At the time I had a sling on with a broken hand from an accident a few days prior. I had to stop the movers who were all lationo as well from trying to beat his racist ass. All I have to say is f@#k Pizza Hut for the way they handled this situation. They never called me or refunded my money, as a matter of fact they did not know how to handle this situation because it wasn't in their employee hand book.
4	Delivered on time, love there new crust good pizza!
5	People really nice and the food is great. However, the wings have too much sauce cause my mouth burn. They should ease on it.
1	I'm a fan of pizza but this place has some serious quality control issues. Last Saturday I ordered a supreme pizza for pick up. I went to the restaurant and stood at the counter for 10 minutes without being helped. Finally I asked the delivery driver on his way out the door if someone could help. He doesn't say anything to me turns around and sends someone out to help me. The cashier doesn't greet me or apologize for the wait just asks for my name. I get my pizza and go home open the box and take a slice out and notice its completely doughy, stretchy and not even close to being cooked. I am so pissed now. I call pizza hut and ask to speak to a manager,  I'm then told to hold then the phone call is disconnected. I call back and get the manager Josh this time and tell him the situation. Josh did apologize, I told him there's no way I'm coming back for another pizza or having one delivered covered in spit, I told him I wanted a refund. The manager did refund my money.  I ended up calling Papa John's to order a pizza, the team member was friendly and polite and my pizza arrived in 30 minutes and fully cooked and fresh. Papa John's delivery driver was also very polite and thanked me for my business. I will not being ordering from the Pizza Hut on Val Vista and Warner. Papa John's now has a new loyal customer!
5	I like this Pizza Hut location.  We've always had a good experience.  The delivery people have been stellar.  Pizza's are consistent. Friendly folks at this location.
