4	I would stay here again, without a doubt. The room that I was in had a king size bed, recliner chair, office chair with big table, 2 phones, fridge, microwave, coffee maker, hair dryer spread out bathroom, air conditioning, closet, big drawers, ironing board with iron, alarm/radio clock, 27"tv with expanded basic cable with many premium pay channels incl. adult movies, family movies, blockbusters, etc. The grounds of the place are monitered by a security gaurd. Medium sized swiming pool for adults, and a kids pool, and a hot tub of to the side of both of thoes, tennis court, and a 711 within a 3 minute walk from the hotel. Always clean and quiet for the 5 nights that I was there, with great views of thunderstorms once you walk outside of your room(if its that season.) Every morning theres breakfast from 6am-9am or 10 am depending if its the weekend or not.Very impressed.
4	Being someone that travels a lot, i know good value when I experience it.The beds are more comfortable than other cheap hotel chains that i stayed at (Motel 6, Extended Stay, etc.) They clean the room everyday at La Quinta Inn, plus I was able to request a room with a refrigerator and microwave in it. On top of this they have free internet access and free breakfast everyday. They had these great waffle machines where you can make fresh waffles for breakfast everyday. They also had yogurt, some kind of fruit available (apple, oranges or bananas) Toast and other stuff available.  They also serve oatmeal on weekend.There is also a 24 hours 7-11 right across the street for everything else you need.The front desk people were great. They were able to accomodate all my request including having boxes shipped and stored there for the duration of our stay. They have a swimming pool and hot tub which I didn't make use of. They also have a small workout room with a treadmill and a few machines. It's great to have all these amenities at such a great value. I absolutely recommend this place if your not expecting a 4 star hotel. If your looking for a cheap place to stay with lots of good amenities and convient access to the freeway, this is it. I'm definitely going to stay at La Quinta Inn's instead of Motel 6 or Extended Stay's in the future.
3	La Quinta Inn is a chain of hotels hard to figure out! They have some new Inns and Suites that are awesome!, They also have some Inns that are old and used up! This one is an older location, and the price is one of the cheapest I have ever run into. But this place is not that bad. Nice pool, decent free breakfast. A/c runs loud but the beds are very comfortable. I have stayed here on two occasions, but now I am moving to Phoenix, I no longer will be staying here anymore.
2	We very recently moved from Chicago to Phoenix and booked the La Quinta for 1 night. Come to find out our belongings won't be delivered to our new apartment until Monday morning. One forgettable night at the La Quinta turns into 4 memorable nights. I selected this hotel because it's near our new apartment, free wi-fi and you could check in a pet at no additional cost.When I checked in there was a woman in front of me who paid cash. I thought that was strange, but cash is king. We are walking to our room and I notice dried up blood droplets. Gross! We go into our room which is pretty dated. The fridge once had a pad lock on it and is dirty on the outside and not too much better on the inside. Someone left food in the microwave: blueberry muffin, Bimbo bread and a Cup-O-Noodle. It was a long day on the road so we go to bed fairly early. The best part about this hotel is the bed. It was surprisingly comfortable.The morning of day two I stop by the front desk to inform them that we will be staying 3 more nights. There was a man ahead of me who just paid for his room in cash. Cash is king, but there is A LOT going on at this hotel that I want no parts of.The evening of day two we decide to chill by the pool. We notice a guy asleep in one of the lounge chairs, fully clothed. It was about 90 degrees. The front desk girl comes from the back side of the pool walking behind a woman who is clearly stoned out of her mind. She starts yelling for "Rusty! Rusty! (the guy asleep in the chair) we gotta go!" Apparently, Rusty and his girl were not guests of the hotel. Later that day the front desk girl, Liz who was as sweet as she wanted to be apologized for everything. It wasn't her fault, but I appreciate her taking care of the situation.In the wee hours of the morning we are awakened by someone knocking on our neighbors door. When they finally answered the door, the person on the other ends realizes they were knocking on the wrong door and proceed to knock on other door further down.This hotel is fine for 1 night. Had I known we would need a hotel for 4 nights I would have chosen another hotel.
4	Hey look, it's a hotel near the I-17 with friendly customer service, and no tweekers or prostitutes. Ya don't see that every day. Lovely place to crash with friends when you're too wobbly to drive home. Good value, spacious, clean rooms, above average breakfast. Would recommend.
5	This is an older property with a beat up exterior. but the interior was recently renovated on 2011 and front desk staff are very welcoming and nice. I am a priority member with LaQuinta and wtih that I was given an early check in and a free upgrade to a jacuzzi suite. the staff really made this place what it is. They were welcoming and very helpful with directions and local eateries. I like staying at lq for the benefits of being a priority member but I am also grateful to have had such a positive experience. Ryan who works at the front desk in the mornings was very nice and accomidating with my requests and needs.
3	My mom, my son & myself stayed here for a night.  The location is fantastic - everything one could imagine is within a 1-2 mile radius.  Food, groceries, gas, etc.We did NOT eat breakfast here so I cannot comment on that. The beds, although they claim they were doubles, were nothing more than a slightly over sized twin; my son & I could barely sleep comfortably.  Very quiet though considering it's right off of Greenway & 17.  A decent value.
5	Maybe it's because I am weary and finally at the end of my moving journey. This La Quinta location was the best of the 4 locations we have stayed at. Marissa was very helpful at the desk despite it being a busy evening for her. The room was very clean and spacious for our pets. Also I didn't hear any nearby traffic.The elevator is either nonexistent or hard to find, but I can overlook that...not sure if handicapped people would.
4	I was not disappointed for a nice, clean room with comfy beds and heating unit, that really warmed up the room in a matter of minutes!  Nice to have WiFi for free when I'd rather Netflix than turn on the TV, although the channel selection was not bad, had more than most.The continental breakfast was well stocked and there was plenty of choices, both hot and cold meal selections.  The waffles were an added bonus and we enjoyed that.The neighborhood was quiet and I felt very safe there.
4	The room was spotless and there was a couch which was nice.  The breakfast was good and the staff friendly.  We were very happy with the quality of the room and will return here on future visits.
1	I don't usually Yelp when I am frustrated.....but I am quite peeved at the moment.  Let me state right off that I have stayed at La Quinta Inns ALL OVER the United States.  At least 2 stays per year for the last 7 years.  ANd I LOVE them.....mostly bc they have the best pet policies out there (ie no gigantic pet deposit for ppl whose pets are cleaner than most children).So...back to my review.  La Quinta at Phoenix North has severely disappointed so far.  I arrived to check in at 12am tonight (I had called earlier in the evening to tell them I was still about 5h away).  The room (NON-smoking) was booked 2 days prior.  After 7+ hours of driving with 2 dogs I finally get up to the room- upstairs- and to unload everything and take the dogs one by one (did I mention UPSTAIRS?) it took me about 4 trips.  And then what do I notice.....my room has no effing privacy curtain.  You know how hotels have the sheer outer curtain and then a thick (usually light-proof) curtain underneath?  Well my room had no such thick curtain and I could literally see right through the window to the outside (through the closed sheer curtain).  No big deal?  YES, big deal.  If I could read a book through the curtain then the idea of some creeper staring at me while I am sleeping or working on my computer made me extremely uneasy.I called down to the desk...the guy of front was very nice (and this was totally not his fault)...he apologized....and offered to bring me keys for a new room:)  Problem solved?  NOPE. I pack everything back into the car in another 4 trips (upstairs, down, up...etc) and drive to another building where the new room is then start the whole unloading process again.  The minute I got out of the car there was an overwhelming stench of cigarette smoke.  And YES the new room is also upstairs.  When I get up to the room.....guess what?  It ALSO stinks of cigarette smoke.  G R O S S ! ! !  Despite specifically booking a NON-smoking room I am honestly too tired to even complain.  And I have no desire to change rooms again.  But I am very displeased and hoping I don't get a migraine from inhaling residual cigarette smoke all night long.  Can that happen?  I guess I'll find out:(
4	I am an LQ Rewards member, although most that I stay at are newer than this property.  I'm rating this LQ location a "4" because I would stay here again, however it might also be a "3".  The best part is the location -- wanted to see some spring baseball and this had a decent location for many of the games we wanted to see, and the price (although too much, I think) was better than most other hotels.Our room did not smell like smoke (like other reviews) however it did have a "sweet" smell like they were trying to hide smoke smell.  We opened up the room and turned on the fan and immediately the smell was gone.  No problem.  If I were to have a large group of people (mini-reunion) I would certainly stay at this hotel and ask for patio facing rooms.  They have a large patio area around the pool with some grassy area (small) and chairs.  So if there were a group of you, getting a few rooms there would make for a great gathering place.Although it is right next to the freeway, none of the rooms actually face the freeway.  We could not hear it from our room and our room (#267) was at the freeway-end of the buildings.Our quite large room had one king bed, and the bathroom counter space was huge, the largest I've ever had.  And the toilet and shower were in a different room/space, which is always nice.  My main complaint was that the tub did not drain well and within one minute of showering we were ankle-deep in water.  I reported it our first day, but it was still there the second day.  Our room did not have a microwave, although it looked like it used to have one, and not all rooms have a microwave or a fridge (ours had a fridge).  The fridge was so noisy, and I'm a light sleeper, that we unplugged it at night.  Good thing we didn't have beer to chill!  Also the pillows did not "fit" us, but since we brought our own, we slept like babies on their wonderful bed!
4	I would have to say everything was extremely delightful with our stay! I wasn't sure what it was going to be like after reading some reviews about the area, and seeing two security guards at the entrance.  But our stay was pleasant, and they have all the amenities you could think of. Their AC worked awesome,  and that's pretty much what I wanted being that it was 90 degrees by 9:30am! Breakfast was good, and satisfying!
1	Gross GROSS GROOOOOOSSSSS! Towels were used, toilet and sink had cracks and stains.  Bathtub was beyond discusting.  Better bring some shower shoes. The worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Felt like we were in a horror movie. Guy who took reservation said they were connected rooms. Got here and was told they don't have connected rooms. Settled on two queen beds that were actually two full. So disappointed.
1	This was by far the WORST hotel experience of my life! I was traveling from California to Phoenix for an NFL game and Housekeeping went through our bags and stole my boyfriends perscription medication from his bag while we were at the game.  The medication was in a perscription bottle and was full when we got there and was almost completly gone when we got back. Needless to say, we left a day early because of the horrible staff we encountered during our stay. Lastly, the worst front desk workers I've ever dealt with and were extremely rude. Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. Far better hotels in the area.
