3	Convenient location, great natural light, and a variety of classes throughout the week. I'm giving it three stars for now before I check out the full offerings, but I'm initially impressed by the down-to-earth feel of the place and instructors. You can check it out yourself with a $10 one-week trial, and I also just bought a Groupon for $29 for five sessions! What a deal! As long as the place isn't constantly packed and overrun with students, I think I'll become a regular.
1	This studio is incredibly disorganized. The classes are too full due to lack of limits on numbers of participants, and while some of the instructors are excellent, others have a bossy attitude and seem not to care about giving any personal attention to class participants, defeating the purpose of going to a class rather than just doing yoga with a video. Despite my issues with their yoga classes, the main reason I am giving Kaivalya only one star is because of their massage element. Scheduling for these massages is much more trouble than the cheap service is worth. They suggest email scheduling, but fail to respond to email requests within even 24 hours, and their phone line is only staffed during class times, a very odd situation for a brick-and-mortar business. Kaivalya would benefit from paying an employee to carry a cell phone with their reception line forwarded to it, at the very least, because their unprofessional handling of service has lost them this customer.
4	Kaivalya is a great place to do yoga - low prices (especially for students), great teachers, convenient to UW campus. I don't like hot yoga, so I stick with the "mad yogi flow" classes. The most thoughtful teachers are Amy and Alex. They both give lots of alignment tips that help you understand how to work your body most fruitfully. The other teachers I've had are good, just not especially interesting. Everyone plays music during class, mostly pop or rock. I'm more into quiet, new-agey music and guided imagery to focus your mind, but it's all right.
4	It's no CorePower Yoga...That being said, the instructors are pretty good.I really do prefer heated/hot yoga and the space at Kaivalya never seems to heat up quite enough. The view is pretty cool though. I like looking out to the hustle and bustle of UniversityAvenue.
