5	If you have been to a wedding where the photographer went through the motions or seemed like an outsider with equipment you have seen why Daniel is so special. His results are first rate but the real difference is how he handles himself during the event. He is relentlessly cheerful, accommodating, helpful and, of course, professional. At every stage of the process Daniel was a joy to work with. When I found that I needed something extra he was helpful and, as always prompt. You want your photographer to be low maintenance and high performance. You want someone who can capture not just the images but the joy of the day. Daniel is your man. Thanks. Daniel
5	Not sure why Daniel doesn't have more amazing reviews, but he should!!  I'm a wedding coordinator/designer in the San Jose, CA area and I absolutely LOVE LOVE working with him.  All of my clients have raved over his work and his services.  Even though he's in Arizona and all my clients are in California, he's still my number one go to photographer.    Daniel is a great all around character, he's professional, and he has a great eye for photography.  He's one of those photographers that can make your event look even more amazing.  Not only that, but he always makes sure that you have all the important shots to make sure that you can have a great wedding/event album.  I'm always at ease when Daniel is working with one of my clients and I know I will always have a great portfolio to show on my business website.   He's very reasonably priced and I keep telling him to raise his prices because I know that his talent and service is worth $$$$$$.  Daniel you're awesome and I hope you move out to California!
5	I totally agree that Daniel and Ashley should have more stellar reviews (maybe people are using Wedding Wire or something?). Daniel flew out to the Bay for our engagement shoot in the spring, and then he and his wife did our wedding ceremony in Gilbert, AZ in the fall. I feel so lucky to have worked with a photographer who shoots like a professional AND feels like a friend.Daniel is so great to work with -- so friendly, so genuine, so accommodating, and so good at what he does. His work is really fantastic. I was so pleased with our engagement photos, and I cannot wait for the next few weeks to fly by, so we can see our wedding day photos...! He was really great at putting me and my fiance at ease, when we were nervous for engagement photos, and all our wedding party and guests and even my parents thought he was just delightful to work with on the wedding day. He is great at keeping things on schedule, without making anyone feel like he's being rude or mean or abrupt. I think there were even a couple of times on the wedding day that I went to say something like, "Oh, so-and-so should know that blah blah blah," and Daniel got up and said, "Don't worry, we're done here so I'll take care of it." So awesome.He does some super fun things with lighting and photo-booth-style poses, too. I can't wait to see the results, but there's no doubt in my mind that they'll be awesome!
