2	Well, on the plus side this is a  Jewish deli near me that's open 24 hours a day. It's hard to find chopped liver, tongue and rugelach after midnight! Once, I had the corned beef, and it was good, even served with some coriander spice. Another time, my corned beef was served cold (definite no no) with tomato (gasp!). They asked me if I wanted it toasted. I said no, thinking it would be steamed like all good corned beef and pastrami sandwiches served in delis. I don't want my bread or bagels to be like toast!Needless to say, I don't take kindly to cold corned beef, and this yid certainly doesn't eat it with a tomato. The matzo ball soup is questionable as well. You start off thinking, ehh this is not bad, but by the end of the bowl, you doubt your order. The small chicken chunks look like something out of a Campbell's can, and you wonder whether this is bouillon or canned soup with a matzo ball plopped in. The black and whites aren't bad, but the rugelach seem more like strudel bite pastries you would buy at Smith's. They're okay, but I'm not sure if they merit the title "rugelach." The bagels are decent. I dunno about this place. It seems like a Jew hasn't been in the kitchen in a very, very long time.
1	We used to go here a lot to have pastrami sandwiches and french fries for $11, it was great at least more than a 1/2 lb of meat which we split.    Then the size of the sandwich was 1/2 the amount of meat, but the same price, so we stopped buying it.     Today, we passed by and the price was $7.50.    We figured it would be smaller, but it also came with 1/2 lb of potato salad.   We didn't look at it, but took it home.  BIG MISTAKE!!   It was totally DRY and tasteless, and I think they gave us corned beef not pastrami.    What a total disaster!   If there is a next time, I will look at the sandwich first, before taking it home.   Maybe they thought we were tourists? or dummies????
3	This is an update to my review.   I went back to the Bagel Corner on the Tuesday after the purchase of the sandwich on the previous Friday.   I asked to speak to the Manager (Nancy).   I told her of the situation about the sandwich which was TERRIBLE.     She kept nodding her head in agreement and said, why didn't I call up the restaurant when I got home?   Hello!  what would they have done for me then?  I bought it to eat it not come back or return  it!   So, she did not say, okay,  I'll give you credit or another sandwich, just, sorry!   Not a good way to do business!!!  UPDATE 1/24/12....A few weeks ago, I complained about the pastrami sandwich.   I would like to take the time to offer them a compliment.      After I wrote this, I wrote an e-mail to suncoast hotel as the counter person was wearing a suncoast name tag.      I was told by the manager for food and beverage to stop by and receive a " comp"   He gave us $20 off!!  NICE!!    We then had two pastrami sandwiches which came with a tub of potato salad (almost a pound) and a soda and we had 2 dollars left and got 2 bagels.     The sandwiches were much, much better and we tried them again, and they were still good.  Thank you Freddy for being a gentlemen and  good customer service!!!
1	Worst meal I have had in Las Vegas since moving here a year and a half ago.  Just ordered take out from Bagel Corner after seeing an evening movie.  Ordered a roast beef sandwich and a half chicken salad sandwich and matzo ball soup.  While I will say they packaged the soup nicely for the ride home, the rest of the meal was awful.My husband repeatedly encountered bones in the chicken salad as he bit into the sandwich.  My sandwich was a huge disappointment. Instead of the rare (cold cut) roast beef sandwich I was expecting, the meat was brown and extremely fatty.  It also tasted like the meat had been sitting around for awhile. I could not take more than one bite.I felt it was important to let management know about this, since we have been to the restaurant before and it was decent.  I spoke with a manager (Debby) who told me I could get a refund if I returned the food.  The last thing I wanted to do at 10 PM was get back in the car and return terrible food.  She was not interested in getting my information or asking what they could do to get us to give them another chance. No apology was offered, except from the woman at the front desk who answered my call.She did say she would email the chef to let him know about the bones in the chicken salad.It's doubtful we will return to this restaurant.
5	While staying at the SunCoast this week, I have had the pleasure of eating here twice. Both times, once for breakfast, once for dinner, the service has been good and the food delicious. The baked goods (donuts, cheesecake, cake) are fresh and tasty, we've had five different sandwiches and each was large, filling and good. The prices are reasonable and the staff very personable. I will definitely eat here again.
4	We decided to grab a quick bite to eat before catching a movie. My husband said the hot dogs at the Bagel Corner would be cheaper than the ones in the theater. They were about $3.98 each. The hot dogs came with a side of either potato salad or fries. I love the fries because they fry them up to a golden brown. You can also decide if you want onions or sour kraut on your hot dog at no extra charge. I found the sour kraut to be too sour for me. The hot dogs are really tasty! Sometimes I find myself just coming here to eat.
3	As I was leaving a movie at the Suncoast, I decided to stop here and buy some bagels.  I've tried several places around town and one more try couldn't hurt and besides, it was where I was.I got 6 assorted flavors.  While not being the texture of bagels from New York (Upstate and Down), they are as good as others I've bought around the area.  This wouldn't be my go to bagel place, but when in need and due to its convenience, I'm sure I'll be stopping here in the future for more.
3	When you need a quick bite to eat and you're staying at this casino/hotel, this is a great option.  Bagels, Donuts, Sandwiches, etc....you can find it all here.The last trip to Vegas, one day I dropped in and had a Bagel w/Cream Cheese for breakfast and a Hot Dog w/Fries for lunch.  The Bagel was really good, the Hot Dog was so/so.  The next day I had a Danish here for a snack.  The best time to get the sweet stuff is in the morning, when they're fresh.When the Suncoast gets busy, this is a quick in/out option to grab some food.Return Factor - 60%
2	Technically this place has bagels, but they aren't great and they only have one type of cream cheese-plain! Eww!  A little variety, please! The workers weren't overly friendly, will never return.
5	It's rare that I would review a place like this, but this place is the cat's meow. The bees-knees. Yeah.Been here a couple times when my night involves Bingo at the Suncoast. That's a review for another time.Food is made to order. They have a $5 breakfast special that is available 24/7: 2 eggs, 2 pancakes, 2 slices of bacon. Not bad. I actually split this with my partner in crime. Plan ahead. Don't get food from here if your movie or bingo session starts in ten minutes. Like I said earlier, everything is cooked to order. It'll take a couple extra minutes.The menu is basic but has some fun items like club sandwiches, grilled cheese and whatnot.If you are at Suncoast, this is your spot. No frills. Just decent food at decent prices.
5	This place is amazing! I am obsessed!If I could eat here everyday I would. You could never go wrong with their hot chicken fingers and fries, they're to die for. They have so many tasty pastries as well. If I had to choose, I would say their best dessert is the strawberry cheesecake. It's really smooth and creamy, not too overpowering.The staff has always been more than friendly and helpful. Remember, if you're nice to them, they're nice to you!
3	Girl working has attitude. OK bagel choices. Flavored cream cheeses, but where's the list of flavors?  Bagel is fresh and good, good prices, good sized place, good coffee, and nice looking pastries.
2	Before leaving the Sun Coast on a hike on the Angel Park Trail, my brother and I decided on something to fill us over. Because the Sun Coast is in want of a fast food restaurant, we decided on the Bagel Corner Cafe. The Bagel Corner Cafe is tucked in the southwest corner of the South Coast near the Sport's Book. It is a cozy corner with a nice interior and sufficient seats. As far as the coffee and bagels: color me unsatisfied. The coffee was Folger's, and the way it tasted; it was undrinkable. This is something that management ought to fix because a few feet away is Java Vegas serving Starbuck's coffee that is in reality not much more $ than Bagel Corner Cafe. The bagel with cream cheese that came in a small tub to spread; was one of the worst bagels that I have had in a very long time. That includes Starbuck's bagels. The bagel was slightly hard and lacked taste.   Friendly employees took my order. They welcomed me immediately, asked for my name and in a few minutes, they paged "Daniel."  I rate Bagel Corner Cafe two stars. I was unsatisfied with the gross coffee and slightly hard bagel. If it wasnt for the service, I'd given them one star.
2	This location has changed the quality of its baked goods, which used to be excellent.
5	Good selection of large pastries, big enough to share :) $.75 hot dogs every day until 5pm. Friendly staff, spacious seating area and free WIFI. OPEN 24 HOURS. Great for a quick snack or a meal
4	staff has really turned it around the last few years (they used to be so rude and slow).  this is Suncoast's 24/7 cafe, so you can order whatever you want 24/7.  It's never too busy, which is cool.  Typical diner-style food, and you get what you pay for.  But the prices are pretty cheap.  I can get a big order of grilled cheese and fries for $4.99!  can't beat that!  They also have daily specials.  Their deserts are HUGE portions, and all that we tried are actually above average!
