5	As I'm about to make the return journey from NJ to MI through Pittsburgh, I remembered why I wanted to create a Yelp profile to begin with.  Albert's Tire was possibly the best example of customer service that I've experienced in years.  Here's the story:I drive from Ann Arbor, MI into Pittsburgh on a Friday evening with plans to continue my journey to NJ the next morning.  Unfortunately, my water pump gets a crack, the car overheats and shuts down just a few blocks from my hotel at Sheraton Square.  I'm eventually able to get my car to stutter the rest of the way, park it overnight, and do some research for car repair places nearby.I see that Albert's Tire was open for a half day on Saturday and I get there about ten minutes before it opens at 8am; they have a waiting list of cars that made appointments, but I tell them my story, and they offer to at least check out what the problem is.  After an hour, they call me with the results: turns out it's the water pump, 4-5 hours of labor minimum, and no way they can get to it today with only one mechanic in and a bunch of appointments already made.  Keep in mind that most places in the area are closed Saturday and Sunday for repairs.  Just as I'm thinking I'm going to be stuck in Pittsburgh and have to get a hotel until Monday, Albert's calls me back.  They called around town to a bunch of repair places and found one that would take care of me that day.  They even gave them all the information they needed so the parts could be ordered and readied by the time a tow truck took my car the 20 minutes out to this 2nd shop.  At the 2nd shop -- Pinnacle Auto -- I was taken care of professionally, the car completed earlier than expected and for less money than expected, and I made it back to NJ in time for Mother's day.
5	Excellent service!  My tire was going flat because it had a nail stuck in it.  The tire plug job only cost $21.35 and it took less than 10min from the time I first walked in the door to the time I drove away.  Courteous, fast, and fair priced.   I will be coming back to Albert's again in the future.
