4	Cool vodka bar next to Rumjungle.
5	When you come to Vegas and you want REALLY, REALLY expensive vodka you will end up here unless you were completely mis-informed. If you really want to impress the vodka-lover you brought along then you better come here. Also, its in the Mandalay Hotel and Casino which is one of the better places to rest your feet in Las Vegas.
5	One word: Chernobyl .  Start your night with this cocktail.  Whether you have to beg, borrow or video poker your way to the bargain $12 that this thing costs...DO IT.  If you like vodka (in my case LOVE vodka), or even if you don't, this is the cocktail to end all cocktails. It's got something close to 5 shots in it plus a float of stoli elite (5 different kinds of vodka).  But it gets better...the drink doesn't taste like vodka.  It tastes like a delectable cranberry/lime/fizzy thing that won't give you so much as a buzz.  It comes with a mutant-looking candie cinnimon stick that's a great touch.  Well worth it.  It's a vegas must-have.  Other than the drink, the bar is nifty- great decor (former USSR, the out-front statues head inside the frezzer, and bartops of ice).  Food is great but EXPENSIVE. The other drinks are great too...and I think they're fairly priced for the selection of vodkas, strength of drink and originality.
5	My friends and I had a real good time here. If you like expensive vodka, then this is your place. But to attain the ultimate experience is to purchase a bottle of vodka and drink it in the vodka freezer.  You get to put on Russain types of winter coats and drink off of a bar made of ice. Dean Cain and the guy that owns the Ivanko barbellcompany have a vodka locker there.  The manager of the place is so cool that in addition to the bottle that my friends and I had, he also let us taste other vodkas that they had available.   I was in pure vodka heaven.
4	The ambiance is nothing special, but it's a great place to grab a cocktail or some really good vodka.  The peach and champagne cocktail is quite yummy.
5	Vodka is definitely the star here! Every martini I have tried here is fabulous!  We went once when it wasn't particularly crowded at the ice bar and our bartender put on a great show of serving our martinis even though we had all ordered something different.Not to be outdone is the food. Their lobster salad is definitely one of my favorites on the menu!  A little pricey? Perhaps! But well worth it!
3	Good vodka drinks, but as a vodka-hater, I couldn't get into this place.  The bar space was packed even in the late afternoon and we ended up pushed over into corner.  We only stayed for a drink and a half before going to the bar at the restaurant where we were waiting for a table.
4	Fun place to hit up while yer in Vegas...not too 'she she' yet it's still 'hip' enough to wet even the most finicky of appetites! Food's pretty good...drinks are awesome although, and I don't know HOW this could occur...but we (as in me and one other) had kind of bad martinis! lol  I mean...a martini has vodka, vermouth, maybe an olive, an onion, or even a twist of lemon...kind of hard to screw up.  We asked our waiter to suggest a Belvedere-esq vodka (you know, trying to branch out and all!) and both of our drinks (2 diff vodkas by the way) were AWEFUL!! Now, mind you it could've been the bartender's heavy hand with the vermouth or perhaps really crap vodka...who knows.  Anyway, we sent them back and got something ab it more tried and true and it was FABULOUS!  So good thing is they don't mind swapping one drink for another if you're unhappy!There's a cool bar made of ice so that you can set your martini shaker and glass on it and keep them chilly cool...pretty nifty!  Also, as someone mentioned in their review, there's a walk-in fridge that houses a ton of vodka and if you pay thru the nose, you can enter and partake of your vodka inside.  The cool thing is that they fork over sweet furs for you to wear in the fridge AND you get to drink along side the head of Stalin (I believe that's who it is!) which sits inside the walk-in!  His GIANT body graces the front entrance to the bar so only those brave (and with deep pockets) get to see his noggin'!!
3	I have been to Red Square on a handful of occasions.  I always remember the experience being pretty delicious.  Maybe my standards have just gotten higher or I was so drunk the last few times that I was there???? But I was considerably less impressed by my meal last night.  Scott and I enjoyed the goat cheese salad...that was really yummy and his halibut was really good.  My blackened tuna was cold (not warm) and a little tough.  The bananas foster cheesecake tasted like it was prepared a few days ago and placed in the refrigerator until someone decided to order it.....I just always assumed that deserts where plated once ordered.  I am sure I will be back the next time I stay at Mandalay Bay, but I definitely might choose one of the other restaurants here instead.
4	This bar is awesome.  One of a kind.  Only in Vegas will you find a bar made of ice and probably some fo the best martinis I have ever had.  This bar is just worth going and trying a drink or two even if you dont plan on staying long.
4	The interior is fabulous. Lots of red. Gotta love that Commie theme.Didn't try the food but enjoyed the ice bar and the martinis.And of course, the people watching. (But then again, Vegas is made for people watching)
5	I think everybody looks good in a red room, so fun fugly folk like to hang here.  And I'm OK with that.Don't bother coming here to dine (honestly, I don't know why they even bother), but do come to swill.  Lots and lots of tasty boozy concoctions (it certainly helps that I looooove vodka) to enjoy.  And an ICE bar.  Imagine a drunken striptease on that??  Super sexy one moment, catastrophic the next.
5	Mandana K, Dave H and myself wandered around Mandalay looking for any bar to be open at 3:30 in the afternoon.  We stumbled upon a statute of a beheaded Lenin, signaling the entrance to the Red Square, which didn't open until 4 PM.  Once 4 arrived, we were the first to walk into the bar that day, taking seats at the bar, which is made out of ice.  Since this is a Russian-themed bar, they stock a wide assortment of vodkas.  On their menu, they had pages and pages of specialty vodka drinks.  We decided to each order different drinks so that we could sample each others.  Since there were only a few other patrons, we learned about the history of the place.  When the bar first opened, the bar generated a lot of controversy with the Russian community because of the statute of Lenin -- head attached -- and the perceived romantacizing of Communism.  The bar caved -- or maybe it was really a great publicity ploy -- and decided to behead Lenin in a public ceremony.  The head now resides inside a block of ice in the vodka locker, a walk-in, sub-zero freezer that stores premium vodka for their clients; it's so cold that before you enter, you need to don a thick, russian like fur coat and hat.  We toured the locker, knocked back a shot of vodka, and read the names of those who rented shelf space inside the locker.  For several thousand dollars a year, one can rent a space, store any vodka you please, have a name plate, and enter the locker any time you please.  Not a bad deal if split among the three of usWe continued to order drinks off the menu until we knocked back every single drink on the menu.  We looked around.  Just as we entered the bar as their first patrons, we exited as their last.  It was 4 AM.
4	I stumbled into Red Square after a filling meal at the House of Blues Foundation Room's restaurant upstairs.Taking a seat at their ice bar, the bartender asked me what I wanted to drink.  I had no idea where to even start with their HUGE selection of vodkas surrounding me.  He asked me what my favorite fruit was and so I thought of the first thing that came to mind...strawberry!  He started mixing a couple of vodkas together and poured his concoction into a martini glass.  He added a fresh raspberry and blueberry to my drink and I took a sip. Yum!  My bf had a classic martini himself.  We perused over the menu and although I was tempted by the caviar, I had to say no.  I was still full from my huge meal upstairs. We were then invited to the vault.  Putting on the crazy hats and the crazy coats, we proceeded into this ice chamber for a shot of vodka.  I went for the Mango flavored vodka.  It went down smooth... I should mention...I'm not usually such a lightweight.  But as I started drinking my martini, I could feel it...damn, I'm getting buzzed already!  Wtf! So, you can imagine I was feeling pretty damn good by the time we left, and that was only after one martini and one shot.  Sheesh. Anyhow, when you're there...ask for JD to take care of you.  He's the cute Asian bartender with the funky glasses and the tats all over his arms.  Ask him to make something special for you! Overall, for the brief time I was at Red Square, I had such an interesting night.  We met the most interesting of people and witnessed the most interesting of things.  I'll definitely go back for some caviar and a seat at their ice bar.Update! 03/03/08 - Has it been so long since I've experienced the vodka vault?  We're lucky to swing by during their "Cavi Hour", which runs everyday from 4 pm to 6 pm.  With the purchase of two Imperia Vodka Cocktails per person, you receive 1 oz of caviar to enjoy while you sip your drinks.  What a decadent treat!  I enjoyed a mixed concoction of vodka and a bunch of fruity stuff.  The BF and another friend had their vodka straight up.  The real winner was their Russian Mary!  My oh my and what yum!  This mix has been sitting around for a little while and has some serious hotness to it.  They mix it with their Bloody Mary mix and top it off with a couple of blue cheese stuffed olives!  So delicious!  (And yes, I was getting a nice little buzz from here!)Their caviar comes with triangle toasts, blinis, creme fraiche, red onions, hard-boiled egg whites and egg yolks, and chives.  And yes, I'm one of those people who would rather eat such loveliness without all the condiments 'cuz caviar just tastes so good!I do have to make it a better point to come here more often, and especially to take advantage of their Cavi Hour!  What a fabulous idea!Update! 07/20/09 - Reverse Happy Hour is from 11 pm to close, Sunday through Wednesday.  Half price cocktails and bar menu items.  Discounted bottles in their subzero vodka vault.
5	MMMM From Russia with Love-The Ice bar is beautiful and the friendly and knowledgeable waitstaff will help you negotiate through the endless varieties of .... uh  .... wait..... oh yeah... vodka.  I recommend getting some flights and splitting them with friends. Vodka has as many genres as wine and each is a brilliant ice cold experience.   Gotta love those Ruskies!I also have to admit that they have a beautiful logo and the T-shirt is top notch.
5	A honest to gawd Vodka bar with an bar made of ice and Lenin's head in the top shelf?  How can this place be less than 6 stars!?I love going to Vegas, if nothing than getting blind drunk on potato booze.  The place is always packed and the staff is fast, and drinks are the stuff legendary nights start with a liberal dose of.  I would not live in Vegas, simply because of this place.  I'd never...ever...leave.
4	An ice-top bar with bartenders who call you sweetie and the roquefort filet mignon make this place one of my favorite spots to indulge. I recommend going one time for the drinks and another for the food - otherwise you could leave feeling like Violet Beauregarde by the end of the whole affair. My only complaint is that they serve foie gras.
4	I've never eaten here, but man alive do I love vodka.  Therefore, with their selection of over 200 premium chilled vodkas and an ice bar I've ended up bleary eyed and jolly at Red Square quite a bit in my time.  The only downside to this awesomely exotic place is that being unique and trendy has garnered it quite a few award including Playboy's Bar of the Year; this means crowds.  Try going on weekdays perhaps earlier in the evening if you like to enjoy your White Russians without being jostled.  The bar itself is worth checking out just to see it.  Drinks are pricey - $12 a pop or more - but you're paying for the experience more than just the drink.  If you want to splurge a little, give it a look-see.
3	Visited my fair Vegas last weekend with a friend who was having a conference at Mandalay Bay, which is home to Red Square with the ice bar...which we didn't even notice!  The food was pretty great.  I had the Salmon with mushroom ragout and asparagus...talk about yummy!  Salmon cooked perfectly and the ragout was rich and creamy and perfectly mushroom flavored.  Oh, but I started with the Lobster bisque...a little on the salty side, but had plenty of chunks of meat.  Friend had the Goat cheese salad, yummy, and the Ahi Tuna, which had a wonderfully spicy/sweet sauce with it, and plated on a long rectangle glass plate---oh so pleasing.   Other friend had the Ribeye with mashies...sort of the plainest meal on the menu, and her beef had a bit too much fat on it.  Can you believe that we had only one martini between us?  It didn't taste all that great...kindof a strange mix of flavors.  Oh well. Next time. Only 3 stars due to the service...was not impressed...server was a bit slow and unattentive, only came by when she "had to" and a bit too late.
3	Good stiff vodka based drinks here. The bloody mary is almost a meal in itself.  I like the casual atmosphere and the expansive booths for groups. The high ceilings, faux constructivist murals and red lightings make this place very dramatic and almost transport me back to Moscow. The only downside is that water service is sloooow and they don't have Russian standard any more.
5	Mmm, tasty. Easily some of the best mixed drinks that I've ever had the pleasure of downing.I started off with a chocolate martini from the dessert menu, since their kitchen was closed and I still needed something sweet to finish off dinner. It was smooth without being overly cloying or creamy. Very drinkable and deliciously chocolatey. They even floated a white chocolate red square in the drink. Nice touch. I'm a lightweight, so that one martini was enough for me, but I did get to try some of my friends' drinks. The Chernobyl will knock you on your butt if you aren't careful, but it tastes like a yummy, barely alcoholic, fruit drink. You won't know what hit you until it's too late. They also have an outstanding black cherry vodka/pinot noir martini that is really unique. I can't remember the name of it, but it's worth scouring the menu for. The decor is elegant but cheesy, and the booths are the best spot to sit and people watch. We were there from about 1:30am-2:30am on a Friday night and it was easy to grab some good seats and it was easy to chat without having to shout.
4	**This review is for FOOD and DRINK**I think I must be the only person who has actually been to Red Square for food...!  Where do you go with a week's notice and 11 of your closest friends?  Red Square was able to seat us with a 9 p.m. reservation which was not too shabby considering that we weren't planning weeks in advance.  The table we had was great - a little tucked away in the corner which was a good place to sit since we actually wnated to hear each other and catch up.  The area we had was roomy, and the table was nicely set.There were lots of great items on the menu, and the server pushed the rocquefort cheese filet mignon which I gladly ordered.  We ordered a bunch of appetizers to share - fried calamari, tuna tartare, crab cake and the Siberian nachos.  I had an opportunity to taste all but the Siberian nachos because those went quickly...which makes me think they were very good.  My favorite was the tuna tartare which was delicious, but I'm a sucker for tuna tartare (and apparently for filet mignon).  Everybody was delighted with their meals - I think we all ordered beef!The server told us that Red Square is the largest vodka distributor in North America which is pretty darn impressive (if that's true); they had all sorts of flavored vodkas.  I tried to cocktails - the pomegrenate martini and the eqiuvalent of a mojito...but made with vodka.  Both were great!There is a cute little freezer/icebox room at the front of the restaurant where you can drink vodka in a freezer.  I'm not sure what the novelty is besides the fact that you're drinking in a freezer...and wearing dead animals (Red Square will provide mink coats and hats for the party).  It seemed kind of interesting but I was not about to hop into a 5 degree room to drink vodka.  But, I think it was something around $200 for a bottle of vodka for you and your friends to taste...Funniest moment of the night (or at least up until that point in the night), a couple of girls walked up to our table and asked to join us mid-meal because they thought the table could use a few girls.  Granted, it was a party of 9 guys and 3 girls, but the girls at the table were a little insulted (I didn't care too much...but then again, they weren't trying to pick up on my husband).  Anyway, props to the girls for their bold and aggressive behavior...but man, that is ROUGH.  You are really putting yourself out there to join a dinner part of friends mid-meal...  I wonder if they really thought we would say yes...?
3	As a bar I found Red Square to be a bit of a disappointment.They rock hard on the decor and I give them props for that.  The location is fair and the service was ok but not memorable.  The have Guiness from in bottles, for $8.  It is Vegas, but still.For their mixed drinks they have some fairly solid ones but nothing that knocked me off my feet.You really can find better places to go in Vegas.  It is fine to stop by after dinner but I would recommend one drink and then head off somewhere else.The straight-Russian themed bar/restaurant.What's good-mixed drinks, having moneyThe slap-not a great crowd and not great to hang around.
5	I love this swanky joint..  If you are a vodka connoisseur and/or like to try new or rare vodkas you will be in heaven.  Its a vodka bar in Mandalay Bay with so many brands and styles of vodka to choose from your head will be spinning.  I'm a Gibson fan (vodka martini w/ onion) so I asked the bartender what brand he recommended for a his favorite vodka martini served up..  I was introduced to Zyr (still not available in California) and this has since been my favorite brand.. Its filtered 9 times and distilled 5 times and it is smooth as water.  You can find distributors selling this on the internet - I've been getting it shipped to my house ever since my last Vegas trip..  :)  I'm heading out there again this weekend and will definitely make a stop into this place.  Food and apps are tasty, nice presentation, pricey (then again everything in vegas is a bit pricey)..decor is very cool with an overwhelming "red" theme and the top of the bar is actually made out of 1 huge ice block.  So if you set a drink on it it'll frost up and stay cold.  They have quite an extensive original martini list, most of them fruity.  They allow you to head back into the walk-in freezer with a fur coat if you are into that.  Overall great spot!  Love hitting this place up in the early evening..
4	A beheaded Lenin statue stands guard in front of this Russian themed bar in the Mandalay Bay.  Its red...not the statue, but the bar. Most of this bar is red, and there is a lovely community table in the middle of the bar that you can sit at and enjoy your martini, or if you don't feel like talking to strangers, and you think community = communism,  there are other places to enjoy your beverage as well.The bar is swanky.  and if you sit at the bar, it is essentially one long sheet of ice, and you can enjoy your cocktail at the proper temperature  Its not the whole bar...just the top.  It keeps the drinks cold. The bartenders have flair.  Myself, Eric W. and a few of his friends all ordered martinis at the same time.  The bartender stacked the glasses all pyramid style, took the shakers, put them all together, and poured each individual martini at the same time, with a perfect pour, not a drop spilled.  It was awesome, and I bet the communists would have been proud.  If you are going to spill a drink on yourself, make sure its one that smells good...just ask Eric.  He ended up smelling of key lime all evening.  It was delicious.  I just enjoyed that martini, which had plain ol' vanilla vodka, stuff to make it limey and a graham cracker crust rim.  However, if you are looking for something stiffer, more potent, more raw....this is the place.  The Russians sure do like their vodka, and this is the drink of choice here.  Just look at the menu.Apparently, if you'd like to visit with Lenin's head and tell him what you think of the bar and the vodka selection, it's frozen inside a block of ice inside the "vodka locker," a walk-in freezer containing much of the bar's stock.  This is where they put the good shit.
4	Red Square has an old world USSR feel with all the trimmings of revamped Soviet hangout. I first stumbled upon this place two weeks after they opened and have consistently enjoyed the dining experience (about 8 times in total). The last time I was there was a week ago.Restaurant / Decor:As you approach Red Square, two things will stand out, one, a huge statue of Lenin that looks like it has lived there for 50 years with all the trappings of pigeon minus the head and a large Russian stylized casement window to a freezer that holds some of the most exotic vodkas on the market today. The decor has changed some since the first year of operation to help accommodate their popularity but it has not significantly taken away from the overall experience. The furniture is all antiqued and the walls are designed as if it is pealing back decades of propaganda. The lush red velvet curtains and huge chandeliers makes it out to be a place where the Kremlin elite would come to have a drink with less than subtle hints of it's past as maybe a church or where Bolshevik revolutionaries might have hung out. The restaurant is very clean. Relatively accessible within Mandalay Bay Casio (casino's are hard to navigate in general). Though it has little online presence. Specialty / Favorites:The drinks!  They host the largest selection of vodka's I have ever experienced and I love vodka. I have been exposed to new vodka's for the first time there by ordering tasting flights (explained below). They also have an awesome selection of cocktails from savory to sweet, all worth tasting. Food / Drink:They have had good consistency for many years though I would be remise if I did not say this last time was not as good as past dining experiences there.  There menu is relatively consistent with a few changes here and there though I am not sure if it is seasonal or otherwise.  For starters the Steak Tartare (raw beef, onion, capers, dijon mustard-anchovy sauce, creme fraiche, with melba toast) is fabulous, prepared at the table and good to the last bite. The Lobster Bisque has not been consistent and I have been disappointed with it, though the Chilled Lobster Salad (with cold lobster, tomatoes, baby greens, basil oil and lemon creme fraiche) was really awesome though I think it is a seasonal dish since I did not see in on the menu this time. I personally always order Caviar Smothered Blini (a large Russian blini smothered in creme fraiche, American sturgeon caviar and herbed beurre blanc, a potato pancake with caviar and a creamy sauce).  As for the entrees, the classics are all very solid; Chicken Kiev (stuffed with herbs, cheese and butter, served with vegetable rice pilaf and a mushroom and port reduction) and Seared Ahi Tuna (warm Yukon potato salad and chilled asparagus in a spicy tomato dipping sauce) are awesome; the Stroganoff, Roquefort Filet Mignon (potato pure with roasted garlic and red wine sauce) and Salmon Kulebyaka (salmon seared with dill on a puff pastry with a dill saffron buerre blanc) are also favorites, though I don't like Salmon all that much so it is a shared opinion. Deserts... The chocolate cake was really good. Sorry, I am normally not very sober by this time.But the real reason to go eat at the Red Square is to drink at the Red Square. It is truly all about the vodka. I love vodka. It is one of my favorite alcohols and they offer something here that I had never seen before, Vodka Flights. You can choose from several Vodka Flights, based by geography, ie, American or Russian, by flavorings, potato vodkas or exotic vodkas, etc. You get 4 shots served in a red block of ice. To best describe this you have to imagine a bright red cube of ice with 4 holes for the shot glasses, it is like nothing I have ever experience before. But if raw vodka doesn't float your boat, there are 3 pages of fabulous cocktails that are honestly some of the best drinks I have ever had. The showmanship at the bar is worth ordering five or six alone. Service:This is not 5 five star dining though there is a real attempt to be very professional and take the extra steps to make sure you have all that you need as you would find in a more formal environment. I have found the staff to be attentive, especially with water, which helps with the impending hangover. The wait staff's description of the menu offerings have been accurate and their opinions helpful. Hospitality:The staff is all very friendly and welcoming. There seems to be a pride in their work and most of the wait staff has a passion for food. I have never felt stupid asking a question about the menu.Value (price vs. overall experience):Setting expectations is very important. As experience has taught me, there is no such thing as value in Las Vegas. So in other words I always expect to spend more in Vegas for the same quality or less than I find else where.My recommendation is it is worth the experience!
4	Weird... I was actually standing outside when they took the head of Lenin off... No... it wasn't supposed to be a beheaded Lenin with white stuff splattered all over his neck area....  really weird.The decor on this place is pretty cool..  the whole bar area... interesting effect.
4	Been having martinis here on every trip to Vegas since 1999.  Great bar decor, great ice-topped bar, great bartenders (very opinionated in a good way), and great vodka selection.  The blue cheese stuffed olives are absolute perfection.  Drinks and food are pricey, but it's absolutely worth a visit, especially if you've never been.  For some reason, the past couple of visits haven't been quite as fabulously awesome on the fun meter as it used to be -- when it was hands-down a 5-star bar experience -- or maybe my standards have just gotten elevated over the years when it comes to high-end Vegas bars.  But Red Square is still an excellent choice for classy evening cocktails. I haven't actually eaten dinner here in a few years, so it's probably not fair to review the food based on out of date info, but I remember the roquefort crusted filet mignon being wonderful back in the day.
4	Despite being a local, I've been here several times.  I really really enjoy the drinks, and if you go with a group of 4-6 buy a bottle and enjoy it in the butt-ass-cold vodka room.  Awesome.The only problem here--if you can call it that--is the bar area gets very crowded.  The ice bar is awesome too, but I've had some challenges getting up to it and ordering my drinks.The late-night food is great and not too expensive considering the locale.
5	Why oh why do bars like this not exist in Texas?  Considering I like to think of myself as a vodka connoisseur, this is the best and classiest bar I have ever been to.  The selection is amazing and the service, impecable.  I so very deeply wanted to pay the $200 bottle service to be able to go inside the fancy vodka vault and take shots off the head of Lenin, but I convinced myself this wasn't a reasonable purchase for me.I did, however, spend $90 on the best martinis ever (one drink turned into six) and walked 2 miles home barefoot on the Las Vegas strip.  If you like bananas, try the Russkie.
4	Great restaurant with a somewhat unique twist.  Pretty upscale, lots (LOTS) of different vodkas to try and really good food.  Service was great and decor was interesting, see some of the other reviews for a good description.  I think a lot of the other steakhouses in town get more press, which is unfortunate because Red Square is definitely worth a visit.
5	Remember Pulp Fiction?  $5 for a milkshake?  That's a pretty damn good milkshake. Yes, it's just like that, only it's a martini and it's $16. But it's pretty damn good.  I think everybody else already paid tribute to the headless Lenin, the freezer room, the ice bar, the caviar and the decor, so I won't take up the space.  But i'll still say - the dinner is not their forte, but vodkas definitely are. Ask the bartender to suggest a vodka - you just might discover a new favorite!
4	This is a tough one for me...I was in a Vegas for a weekend with a couple girlfriends and had heard Red Square is really fun, so we made a reservation on the earlier side, around 7:30-8, as we were going to see Love that night. The good stuff: the decor and ambience is kitschy, with a big drawing of Lenin on the back wall. (When I noticed it one of my friends was like, "I wonder why there's a picture of John Lennon in a Russian-themed restaurant," and we just laughed. Obviously, we had Beatles on the brain). The DRINKS ARE AWESOME. If you like vodka...you'l love this place. The vodka list is most impressive. A group of guys at a bachelor party asked if we could take pictures with the groom-to-be, and, when in Vegas, flirting with bachelors is mandatory. They sent us a round of martinis afterwards (very gentlemanly), and we were sloshed. The downside: the food was only okay, and very expensive. I tried a pasta with lobster and alfredo sauce that cost around $40ish and it was not that good at all. My friend had steak and it was better, but not the best either. The bottom line...most certainly go for drinks, but eat dinner elsewhere. There is better food to be had in Vegas for the same expensive prices.
5	I love this restaurant and make it a point to at least visit the bar every time I'm in Las Vegas.Regarding "traditional Russian" cuisine, I can only vouch for the steak tartar appetizer. The Red Square motif, however, is more of a theme than an attempt to market itself as a Russian cuisine restaurant.Surprisingly (given that you don't think surf and turf when you think of a Russian restaurant) the steak and lobster are great.Huge (to the point that it pays to know something about spirits) vodka selection. I also discovered a great Russian beer called Baltika (they served Baltika 7 last time I was there) here.The frozen bar top is a nice novelty. I thought the wait and bar staff were excellent as well.
4	This place was good. Had a great selection of cocktails and pretty interesting, although not even close to authentic Russian food. I had a Lobster and Truffle pasta that was really nice, perfect noodles just a hair on the al dente side, just the way I like them. The sauce was creamy but not overpowering so the lobster flavors came out, and the meat itself was poached just so, tender and flavorful without being tough. Wife's Stroganoff was tasty, but I think she liked mine better. Drinks were tasty but a bit on the weak side.
3	We just came for drinks and while the place has a great decor, the bar area isn't really the greatest - one feels a bit disconnected from the rest of the restaurant.Even though 80 percent of the tables were empty, we weren't allowed to sit down and get up if someone would've needed the table - come on, people, on a Monday at 11pm, not too many people are headed your direction for dinner any more. Oh. The drinks. Were ok, but not really the reason to get back here in a heartbreak. I'd rather chill somewhere else. Better people watching at the Rum Jungle next door.
5	Vodka flights.  Caviar flights.  Both awesome.  Try the German caviar!  If you want to go extra fancy, they have an ice room!  Did I mention the Vodka from all over?
5	OK....normally, I'd fall off my barstool if  I got a bill for 4 drinks, an appetizer and a slice of cake, totaling $108; HOWEVA....good lawd, these were the best cocks & apps in a loooong time.  Granted, their vodka menu is like, what, four miles long? so I'm sure we just scratched the surface as far as drinks are concerned, but ladies (and maybe a few guys) I've got four words for you....KEY LIME PIE MARTINI.  Perhaps I'm easy to please but hey....it's my review, dammit! :)Also....you must must must try the Salt & Pepper Calamari.  Don't know what's in the sweet & spicy sauce, but wow...it was awesome!  Will definitely revisit--hopefully, when we're not late for a show and have more time to get our grub on!
3	Fun place to check out and have a few drinks but  I would skip on having dinner next time.  It was on the pricier side and was only okay (especially for the price of everything) and the service wasn't that great.  The waiter would never bring us what we've asked for on the first go around.  We'd end up asking 2 or 3 times just to get more water.   Overall experience was good but I expected more since it's Vegas.
5	I almost had to twist my friends' arms to get them to have dinner here.  Stupid friends.  This was the BEST place we ate at in Vegas.  It was a welcome departure from the steak and chicken driven menus in other venues.We started with Siberian nachos consisting of wonton chips topped with caviar, wasabi, smoked salmon, and creme fraiche.   The interplay of flavors in this appetizer was enhanced two fold when we paired it with the restaurant's version of a Bloody Mary.  The drink was awesome- it was spicy, accented by a green olive stuffed with blue cheese poured over the smoothest vodka I've ever had.  Ever!For dinner I had the Salmon Kubeyalka (sic) which consisted of a buerre blanc sauce beneath a puff pastry topped with mushroom risotto.  On top of the risotto was the flakiest and most tender piece of Salmon resting beneath another layer of puff pastry which was adorned with a hard boiled egg white filled with caviar.  Our waiter was very accommodating, very attentive to the details, and extremely knowledgeable about every aspect of our dining experience.  The other entrees ordered by my friends were also well received judging by the restraint exercised by those wanting to lick their plates clean.  Next time you go to Vegas, add this spot to your itinerary.
2	While the atmosphere is interesting, the menu is good in theory, and the food isn't so terrible, this is just another run-of-the-mill, overpriced, gimmicky strip restaurant with the same dishes with slight twists. Ahi tuna, salmon, pork tenderloin, rack of lamb, lobster ravioli or pasta, and steaks, as on every other menu I looked at that week. Sometimes duck, and when it is, 95% of the time it's a combo of the grilled breast and the confit prepared separately. As always, the obligatory chicken dish, too.The other drawback to Red Square was the insipid trip hop that droned the entire time I was there, and the clientele that seemed to enjoy it while sipping their $17 froo froo martinis. Must have been on company money, or they're out of their minds.The traditional beef tartare was very good, and not more than I would expect to pay a hamburger-sized "patty" of raw beef. I'm glad they kept it simple and didn't try to do anything original.My duck was not bad. It would have been good for, say, $13, but I think it was close to $40. I wasn't able to finish it, not because I was full, but also not because it was horrible. I guess a taste of it would have been enough.I'd give it two and a half if I could, but for the sake of offsetting rating inflation, two.
5	I'm basing my review only on drinks & drink selection. Did not order any food b ut I don't see why you'd shell out $100+ at a place that's known for it's liquor. The food is probably normal "nice" stuff you can find anywhere on the strip, cept you'll probably end up paying a whole lot more.The inside of this place is dark, mysterious, kinda spunky. I liked it though. The big book of vodka is definitely quite thick and impressive. I think what will be most true of value is the Tastings of Vodka. You'll get 4 different types for about $30-40, which is quite a decent deal if you think about it.Ch-ch-ch-check it out
5	This is my favorite bar in Las Vegas. The gimmick they've got just does it for me - and Vegas is full of gimmicks, both awesome and shitty.This just happens to be on the "awesome" side.Even if you just stop in for a drink or two, the bartenders are great showmen and the drinks are pretty damn tasty - and usually I don't go for too many martinis in the first place.The bar made of ice adds something wonderful to the decor, too - especially since it keeps your drinks chilled for you if you just decide to sit around and sip it. I haven't managed to drop the change to make it into the locker but I'd love to sometime.I come here every time I visit or else my trip just wouldn't be complete.
4	This place is dangerous.  There martini menu is awesome!  They have the best selection of vodka on the Strip.If you arrive in a group of at least four or more, your best option is requesting for bottle service.  This will entitle your group to drink in the vodka freezer.  You will be provided with the heavy overcoats and privileged service.  It's worth every penny if you consider that an average drink will cost you $15 and one averages 3 drinks an hour, so in 2 hours you've spend $100 per person just sitting there and not having experienced the "room."  So, I recommend that you go for it!-- stars based on drinks, not food.
3	A dozen of us sat in a lengthy meeting on the 104th floor of Stratosphere all day, so we were ready to head south to Mandalay Bay.   I've noticed in other "restaurant" reviews, that the main attraction is vodka.  So, had I known this, I probably would not have expected much from the Square as a restaurant.  We each started off with a cocktail, myself choosing the Sputnik One, basically a perfect margarita made with vodka instead of tequila.  They tossed in three raspberries for color and flavor.  Great cocktail, especially on an empty stomach.I then had some sort of portabello mushroom appetizer... OK, but nothing to write home about. My main entree was a filet mignon.  It was cooked very unconventionally, pot roast style.  Lots of gravy, almost a boiled beef texture.  Not at all appetizing.May be you don't see much about the food at Square because you should stick with the cocktails and vodka sampler.
5	This place was by far the best bar I went to in Vegas, both times I have visited now!The beer is good, vodka is not a bad choice either. But this place has martinis, hard liquor and a lot of other great options.The decor is obviously russian influenced and looks awesome. At the time I did have my phone with me, but didn't think to take photos.. maybe next time.The bar is located in Mandalay Bar on the way to the convention hall which is just past the casino. It is a prime location in the Resort and highly recommended.. just look at some of the other reviewers just like me if your doubting it.
5	Disclaimer:  This review is based on drinks alone.We go to Vegas quite a bit for tradeshows etc. and are frequently stuck between Manadalay and Luxor for our entertainment.  This time we discovered Red Square.  I had heard of it before, but had never popped in.  Well, a friend of ours called to have us meet him there and am I glad I did!  He introduced us to Zyr vodka!According to our pal, it's only sold in 5 states(unless you can have it shipped, which I can not b/c the state tightly controls our liquor here- boo!)  It is the smoothest vodka I have ever tasted and it would be a crime to mix it with anything!I also tried their Espresso and Banana martinis-- fabulous!  The Espresso martini came with a red, candy square in it (nice touch!)  And the banana with a large slice of dried banana dipped in chocolate tucked into it (yum!)  I loved the decor- very dark and rich with onion shaped blown glass shades in a kaleidescope of colors on their main chandelier in the bar.  Gorgeous!  I will def. pop in here for a cocktails with friends the next time I'm in town.
4	We went here on a recommendation from my family and that apparently they have the best martinis in town. My famiy just may be right. I don't if they are the best, Mon Ami Gabi gives them a run for their money but they are awfully good and the selection really caters to all palettes. Between my two friends and I we had the key lime pie martini, the espresso martini and the hazelnut/amaretto martini. All three were good. The key lime pie one was a little strong for me but still worth the price. The ambience is definitely "Russian modernism" and very chic. I would definitely return and btw they are open late every night unlike most other places in Mandalay Bay.
5	Favorite bar in Vegas.I always end up coming here on every trip. The bartenders are super friendly and attentive. Vodka selection can't be beat. (Especially since I'm such a big Vodka fan)After a few drinks the ice bar turns into your own little doodle table. Many of times I've sat at the bar doodle-ling in a drunken haze. Granted my fingers get super cold but since I'm already drunk, I don't really care. If you're a big Vodka lover like I am, you HAVE to try Red Square at least once.
5	I love this place!  I come here every time I am in Vegas, and it really is now a ritual for me to be there.  They have the best selection of vodka drinks and since vodka agrees with me more than any other liquor, this is my hang-out.  The key to this place is to get there around 10PM, before the mass crush of people start arriving at 11ish.  if you can stake out a stool at the very cool ice covered bar, or even a table, you are set for the night.  I have posted a picture of my favorite drink, the Keylime martini.  It has actual graham cracker crust around the rim of the glass and it is yummy and more improtantly, well actually it is a bit scary, but this drink slides down like a frozen slushee.  The atmosphere here is always upbeat.  I don't think the prices are any more expensive than the others bars on the strip, however, if you decide to try to coat your stomach with some appetizers, be prepared to spend about $15-$25 on each plate.
5	oh man! i love red square. not only does their sleek Russian decor speak to the eastern European Jew in me, they have absolutely the best vodka selection and food! if you are anywhere near the south end of the strip, come here. better yet, make a special trip...it's worth it. the best dirty martini i have ever had (and i order them everywhere, so i know what i'm talking about). just make sure you splurge on the premium vodka. order a dirty with Imperia vodka, and prepare to drift away to heaven. this place also served me a fantastic salad: warm goat cheese and beets(im getting hungry just thinking about it) and my puritan BF raved about their Caeser. their salmon was delicious. served on a pastry crust with caviar and creme fraiche! F*ck, who wants to go to Vegas right now? But this place is not for those with light wallets. Dinner and drinks cost my BF and me about $150. But, what can i say? i love this place.
5	Ive been here for drinks and for dinner, and both were amazing times.  I simply love the decor...they have this great decor that makes you feel like your dining in a sort of crumbling tsarist palace; the lighting is perfect, and the booths are the best for having an intimate dinner.As for the bar, it's covered in ice, like an ice skating rink...keeps your vodka nice and cold.The food is sensational as well, and you get huge portions if that's your thing.All in all, it's terrific.
5	Red Square is absolutely amazing and deserves 5 very bright stars. Red Square is a good restaurant for you if you sexy things. The decor is sexy, the bar is sexy, the people are sexy... even the food is kind of an aphrodisiac. Upon entrance, you'll notice how your mood changes :) Plus, if you're a vodka fiend like me, this will be your heaven.It gets packed so make sure you have a reservation weeks in advance. If you were to try one restaurant in Mandalay Bay, let this be it.
4	Great martini's and they have a very good steak tartare (see photo).
4	Vegas, baby Vegas!Just in Vegas a few weeks ago and the place was dead.  Like it was immediately following 9/11.  Perhaps worse. I absolutely love the ice on the bar for keeping those cocktails cold. This was the first time I ordered Mojitos here and in spite of it being a vodka bar, they made a solid one. Like any chic bar bar in Vegas, youre up against $11 drinks. The vibe and people here make it all worthwile.
5	Oh man. The last TWO times I went to Vegas I didn't get a chance to make a stop here.I miss you, oh tasty Chernobyl. How have you been, oh lovely Yalta Conference?Great, awesome, fantastic drinks.Next time in Vegas this is stop number one.
5	Definitely a great place to get some drinks.  We got the USSR flight that gave us tastes of 4 types of vodka.  I split it with a friend it was only $30 total.  The bartender, JD,  was really helpful. Even the martinis 2 others ordered were excellent.The ice bar is sweet and helps keep drinks cold (which comes in handy with those vodka flights unless you're downing them but what's the point?).  Everything was really made to create an experience from the headless statue of lenin to the lighting in the bar.Amazing.
4	More places should have an Ice covered bar top!  I love this place and I am getting a little old for Rum Jungle.I am starting to look like that statue as well.
5	Best martinis I ever had!  Dinner.....you know, I think we ate....and I think it was really good!Make reservations!  Oh, one more thing, do not bring your children!  THIS IS NO PLACE FOR THE FAMILY!  Wow, was I shouting?
4	After our post-wedding dinner at Giorrgio's Cafe we headed over to the many restaurants/bars in Mandalay Bay. The bride had been told about a bar and said we must go find it, and well, whatever the bride wants, the bride gets on her wedding day!  We entered Red Square ready to toast the happy couple Russian-style (meaning with plenty of vodka).After being greeted by the super sweet host who told us we could sit wherever we wanted with a big ol' grin on his face and many congratulations to our friends we found ourselves right in front of the bar and tried to get our eyes adjusted to the red light. From where we were sitting you could feel the cold coming off the ice-topped bar which we would've loved to have sat at but it was full.  The walls look like they have been half-torn down and are covered with old propaganda posters -- gotta love Vegas theme-bars! It was all looking good for us, that is, until "bitter waitress" came to our table....sigh...."Bitter waitress" just couldn't seem to get her attitude straight the whole time we were there and I can't explain how much service adds to your opinion of this place. I am just gonna say this one time:*People in the service industry -- I don't care if this isn't your "real" job and you are really an actor/writer/director/painter/musician/dancer with a heart of gold - whatever. When you are at your place of work please remember you are an employee there, you are at a job and you really really should take whatever job you have been given seriously. If you don't like doing it, do something else! Think of it this way -- this job, this "thing I don't really do, I'm really a ----" is paying for you to be able to be a -----. Be grateful! Do not be bitter or stupid and waste my experience and money with your sour attitude. Be responsible, be an adult - be good at your job! It's not rocket science.*.......OK! Sorry! *Steps down off the Lenin statue* Back to the real review....We had two flights - the USSR and the Best of the Motherland. Eight shots total for a group of six and we all just passed each one around and tasted with a sip or so. Actually, if you do it that way it ends up being a pretty good deal as the flights are in the forty to fifty dollar range.  Then my group decided to get a couple more drinks and all in all the bill was about $100. Not bad, not bad at all!  One drink in particular, their apple martini, was made with whiskey, not vodka and I will tell you what - it converted me! Honestly, it changes the flavor of the drink and for me personally its for the better.  (and it is always a hard fight whether I am more in love with whiskey or vodka at the moment)I found a couple new vodkas I loved, ( I would love to share, but the website doesn't have a menu) we started the night off right for the newlyweds and although we missed the vodka room (where I guess you get to wear furs and do shots) I would say Red Square did us right -- Spasibo!
5	Don't eat - just drink your calories here!  Ask what the special infusion is (and if it is the pear kiwi blend, get it shaken in a glass, and be prepared to have your ass handed to you right quick bc those are strong...and good!)  The espresso martini is also quite good.We, per usual, had great service and enjoyed our visit...will visit again soon!
5	I think the food here is so good. It tastes all so fresh and their spices are so delicious. I also tried the chocolate seduction, which was the best desert I have ever had. Definetly great place to go if ou want good food in a more sophisticated place.
4	This place is pretty awesome.  You'll spend a pretty penny, but you'll get drunk especially fast, in my opinion.  The ambiance of this place is something to behold.  That is if you're into propaganda-like decor, which this place has a heavy dose of on the Russian tip, of course.They do Vodka.  Lots of Vodka and pretty much any variety you could want.  They have vodka soaked fruit just waiting for you to try.  Not so much the fruit, but the Vodka.  All the drinks are served chilled.  The bartenders, when I went, were super friendly and excellent drink makers.  You could tell them what flavor you're going after and they could make it happen and get it right.Over all, very impressed.  Be wary of stray packs of cougars waiting to pounce...
4	Really cool place with a Russian theme.  I normally don't drink hard liquor but had to try some of the vodka options here.  Drinks had really cool inventive names and the vodka vault was pretty cool.  We also had dinner here the night before we left Vegas and food was so so.  Go somewhere else for dinner and come here for drinks afterwards.
4	This place is my idea of paradise. Vodka, vodka and MORE vodka? Okay, you got me Red Square. I am yours. Your vodka shooters are awesome (anywhere from $28-$100+, depending on what you want), you have more booze than I've ever seen, the entire interior of your place is RED, and you have a freezer where you can do vodka shots off an ice sculpture of Stalin's head in fur coats and hats??? I think I'm in love. I'm only subtracting one star for your incredibly high food prices - and the fact that I couldn't afford to go inside the freezer and drink. Your appetizers are delicious, but $18-$24 for a snack is not my idea of reasonable. However, you do get props for splitting an entree for one of the couples with us into two dishes, and not complaining about them trying to save some $$$ by doing so (pasta for $42). Thanks for being so cool, Red Square guys - even if you did try to kill me with the alcohol content of that Chernobyl drink! Anyway. Go here if you're willing to splurge a little, or even if you just want to sit at the bar and have a fancy drink or too (drinks were around $13-$15 for the fancy specialty stuff).
5	Headed to Vegas? Stop by Red Square at Mandalay Bay for a nice dinner. They serve the best drinks in town, but the restaurant itself is incredible. Romantic. Everything bathed in red candlelight. Plush red booths. Friendly, seasoned waiters. I strongly suggest the crab-stuffed portobello mushrooms for an appetizer - followed by the Strozapretti Stroganoff. Rich, creamy and beyond delicious. The Roquefort Filet Mignon looked amazing, as well. Even the dessert was astounding. Check it out.
4	When in Vegas, I go to this bar.  The drinks are expensive, but the experience is well worth it.  The frozen ice bar is so cooolll (no pun intended).  The drinks have fun names.  The rich red and beige decor of the place and limitless volume of vodka puts me in the mood for some sort of decadence.
5	Excellent food, excellent drinks, excellent atmosphere.Maybe its just because we were so happy to be in Vegas again, but our time at Red Square was just magic.  Very upscale,  very busy, very noisy - we felt as if we were where the action was...and we were!The Truffle Fettuccine and Roquefort Filet Minon melted on our tongues, and the strawberry rom desert  was out of this world.  You've never seen a salad like the Czar Salad...share one with your significant other and the rest of the evening will be a blur (well, the shots helped with that).And you can't go to Red Square and not have a vodka shot now can you?If you're looking for a place to have that one extravagant dinner & drinks evening, this should definitely be on your short list.
3	I love the atmosphere. Stop for a drink. The food was okay. I was super excited to finally eat here and let down. The goulash I ordered was just slightly above average. You could tell the meat was good quality but the meal overall was fair. Go in for the decor and a drink. I would never chose to eat here again
4	What a great place. Every time I'm in Vegas, I make it a point to stop by Red Square for cocktails. If you love vodka, you will love this place. Four words: Blue Cheese Stuffed Olives. In the standard Red Square Martini, how can you go wrong? That's right, you can't. Also yummy is the raspberry Bellini, should you not be in the mood for vodka. The bartenders are always mixing up a new vodka infusion to make unique or punchy cocktails. On tap during my last visit was Chili Pepper infused vodka that was out of this world in their house-made bloody mary mix the next day. And don't forget those olives. Bonus for the frozen, ice-topped bar. Keeps your drinks nice and chilly. Two specialty cocktails could set you back nearly 30$, but you shouldn't be surprised. After all you are in Las Vegas...
3	I have walked by the headless statue of Lenin about 100 times and I finally decided to try this restaurant the other night.The ambiance was nice. Lots of red propaganda everywhere, it was pretty cool. We went in for dinner and the food was good. They have Foie Gras which isn't very common, but it was very good. The bar was packed, and it looked like a lot of fun. I think our waiter must have been pounding shots in the back because he sucked big time.Everything was good except for the service. Which is upsetting because this place is fairly expensive. Bottom line: Go spend your money at the bar. Don't waste it on dinner here.
4	Pretty expensive for what you get, but where else in the world can you do a shot of ice cold vodka on Lenin's head?
4	super red. super yummy. i love commie inspired places.great interior design and great food. my friends and i were impressed with the headless lenin statue in the front.amazing wine selection. after walking around the beautiful restaurant-mall thing in mandalay bay, we all chose red square and were happy we did!
5	I love Red Square and go there every time I go to Vegas. The attention to detail that went into designing this place is quite impressive. The decor is fashioned after and inspired by communist-era Russia and the bar is made out of dry ice. I have only consumed various vodka drinks here so cannot attest to the food, but they have an extensive caviar selection to pair with their vodka selection, which is vast. I usually get a straight, dry martini with some kind of high end russian vodka. This comes ice cold with a blue cheese stuffed olive at the bottom, soaking up all the booze. I have yet to do the vodka flight inside the subzero vodka freezer but that will be next on the agenda.
4	More of a review for the bar than the food. I have had some really good nights at Red Square. Love the ease of hanging for a few drinks at this bar, compared to some of the club scene in Vegas. My husband and I are a huge fan of the blue cheese stuffed olives they serve in the martinis. If you can manage to get into the private locker ice bar room, it's a huge laugh. You get fur hats and coats to wear and go drink chilled vodkas in there. Highly entertaining. Have been once for dinner, classic Russian food, don't remember being blown away by the food, but our group was more there for fun than food, so could have been better than I remember. Definitely recommended for cocktails though for sure!!!
4	We happened to go to the bar here on a day where there was a super friendly bartender working...  We got 2 out of 4 drinks for free!   The drinks were also quite good, and they said they can make anything we want.. wow! The bar here has some ice in the middle that you can put your drinks on..  I prefer the ice lounge at minus 5 degrees.  Over there, the glasses and entire bar and walls are all ice!There is a small ice lounge in there that requires a $200 bottle purchase.  The size of it is very small..Overall this is better than most bars in vegas..but had I known about the minus 5 ice lounge I would've gone there instead..
4	I always get a kick out of this place because you can put your drink on the ice covered bar and it still stays cold.  The smallest things keep me entertained!!  But I do love this bar.  Their vodka is top notch and they have some of the most knowledgeable and friendliest bartenders ever.  The atmosphere is chill and classy at the same time.  I love the decor, it's almost like you are back in Russia.  I would spend way too much time in here if I lived in Vegas!
4	Had reservations the first night of our Vegas trip... Since we had already done our share of drinking that day, just had a few martini's and decided against the vodka tasting flights as I knew it would of knocked us out for the night.  I love the dark intimate setting and old world feel.  We ordered the stroganoff dish and some dumpling like appetizer.. Both were delicious, especially the stroganoff that was made with tender beef filets and homemade noodles... The best i've ever had!  Next time we go will not drink so much beforehand and enjoy their speciality vodkas..
5	In my opinion - one of the best restaurants in Vegas.  I've been here several times, and now I make sure to go here every time I'm in Vegas.  Best martinis around!  The "ice bar" is very unique, but often crowded.  I think people think of this place more for drinks, but the food is fantastic.  We've ordered the stroganoff before - my husband thinks its the best he's ever had.  The salmon in puff pastry with phenomenal.  Steak with gorgonzola was better than any other steak I've had at other Vegas steak places.  My favorite appetizer is the Siberian Nachos - fried wonton skins with smoked salmon, creme fraiche and caviar.  For me, this is THE spot to go in Vegas.
5	This is a review for Red square which is located right next to Rumjungle in Mandalay Bay Casino and hotel. This place was awesome. I'll admit this was the place I was looking forward to going to the most. Now I know the biggest complaint is this is not real Russian food and that's true. They will tell you this when you sit down. This is Russian influenced food only. Keep this in mind if you try this place. Second, There are two things to go for one being the Vodka flights and Vodka locker and the other is the ice bar. We had a reservation for 7 PM on Christmas eve and we were seated right away. The atmosphere was amazing here. The attention to detail was what made this restaurant stand out from others. The service was spot on. The waiter went through every page of there huge menu and was VERY knowledgeable. He gave some suggestions and he was dead on. One thing to note this is not a cheap meal and if your strapped for cash not the best place to go. Maybe for a special drink but not to eat. There meals floated around the $32.00+ per range. My friend got the Kulebyaka (Salmon) it was pretty good. I got the Chicken Kiev and it was incredible. It just melted in your mouth and was just perfect. Also, got a the USSR Vodka flight and this was a real treat. The vodka flight is a must have if you like vodka. There are 4 shots and plenty for 2 people to share. The total for the 2 meals, vodka flight, and a salad (Czar) came to $122.84 before tip. Very much worth it in my opinion. I would most certainly return in the future. I will not make this a yearly visit for food but will go to the ice bar for drinks on every trip. After I had paid the bill we wanted to go to the Ice bar for a few martinis. I've never had one nor really like them but the bartender was very cool and willing to make anything you want with no questions. Willing to make them stronger if they were not without charging for each shot and the bar area was really a cool place to have a drinks. From what people say go for a bloody Mary and you will be in for a surprise if you like them. I loved this place and would recommend it to anyone.
4	Superb!  Red Square is a fantastic dining option in Vegas.  If you like vodka and martinis, this is the place.  The jumbo crabmeat pasta was good, but even better choices are the roquefort filet mignon and stroganoff.  Enjoy!
4	We ordered a lot here. The steak tartare was soooo delicious. I don't remember the exact dish I had here, but I remember eating absolutely all of it. It was a duck dish. The only thing my family ate here and did not like was the stroganoff. Mainly because it wasn't really stroganoff that my family is used to. (My dad went to culinary school in Europe and so he makes it differently I guess..) It was good don't get me wrong it just wasn't what we were expecting. There was too much of a tomato base. The dessert was amazing too. I can't believe I don't remember more of what we ate here, because I really wish I did! My dad had a lot of vodka shots here and the caviar we had was to die. So.. If you're in a Russian mood this place is awesome.
4	I went here when it first opened and this place is really good I have not made my way back sense but I hope to soon!I ordered hazelnut crusted australian back of lambsweet potato flan, sauteed asparagus, sour cherry vishnyovka sauce and my boyfriend got osco busco which I don't know if they still have on the menu but both where very good! And the service was nice as well at the atmosphere!
4	I went here with my brother when I was in LV for his 21st birthday. We wanted to go because we heard the bar was made of ice. The bar is, indeed, made of ice. You can put your drink down on the ice, which is supposed to keep it cold. This would be cool if all the drinks were served in rocks glasses or tumblers, but we were ordering the vodka martinis, which were served in martini glasses. Our drinks didn't get close enough to the ice bar to benefit from the coldness. The drinks were great though, and I Ioved the blue cheese stuffed olive in mine.I am going to get an ice bar in my home. I haven't asked my husband yet, but I'm sure it will be fine with him, since he already tolerates me putting my feet on him when we go to bed, and my feet are the coldest thing ever. I could rent out my feet to chill bottles of wine. Come over and see my ice bar! Drinks will be served in saucers to maximize coldness. Our cat will give lapping tutorials.
5	Red Square gets 5 stars based on their Happy Hour, or Cavi Hour, alone.  I've never eaten at the restaurant, but have enjoyed what is perhaps the best, albeit high end, meal deal in Vegas many many times.I've been coming to Vegas since '86 and truly miss being able to get from Bally's to Fremont St in 10 minutes :D.  I also miss the meal deals in those bygone days when you'd eat prime rib and lobster for lunch because it was actually cheaper than a burger.  Red Square offers a bargain that rivals those $3,95 wonder-meals...only at 2009 prices, with much better ambiance, and with higher quality food.I'm describing the Cavi Hour where you can get 2 martinis and an ounce of Petrossian's osetra caviar for only $30.   Ok, I've eaten at Petrossian's in Manhattan several times and I know that an ounce of osetra there will set you back about $45 (they sell it by the gram, so I did a little conversion for ya!).  And that's if you buy it "to go" and of course, it's much more expensive - almost double - if you get the whole set up...and that's what you get at Red Square.  Caviar served on a bed of ice, mother of pearl spoon, blinis, creme fraiche, chopped egg, etc...the whole bit.Sit at the cool (get it?) ice bar - be prepared to wait for a seat - and enjoy the great bartenders and an ~$100 extravagance for only thirty bucks.  Heckuva way to start the evening!-----Update -  Thx to Kurt S. in LA who (gently) corrected me that the caviar is American Sturgeon and not Osetra...hey, at least I calculated the price/value within a buck :D!
3	The ambiance of Red Square is fantastic.  It's a quirky, cool place to go grab a martini, and I highly recommend it for that.  As far as dinner, I ordered the Australian hazelnut crusted rack of lamb with cherry sauce.  I asked for the meat medium rare, which, in my opinion, is a great way to eat lamb.  It came and was much closer to rare, and in fact kind of grossed me out because it was so raw in the center.  Which is saying a lot, since I'm totally comfortable with rare meat, generally speaking.  It was just such a drastic difference from inside to outside, and not very appetizing.I would recommend the siberian nachos, however, which were essentially tuna tartar on wonton chips.  These were great!  My friend ordered the special, a filet mignon, which he said was very good.   Maybe my meat situation was just a fluke.The best part of dinner by far was the vodka menu.  It's awesome, and a lot of fun to look through together.  I ordered the Tall Blonde Vodka, up with a twist.  I was not disappointed, that was one awesome martini. This is a unique place to come for drinks and apps, but I'm not sure dinner is worth the price.   Overall a good experience, though.  And a good place to impress, since they've got caviar on the menu for $200+.   If you're into that kind of thing.
1	I would give this place 0 stars if I could.Right now I am in my room at the Wynn Encore. I taxi'ed out with a few friends all the way to Mandalay bay to experience Red Square.They're earliest closing time is 2am. We arrived at their front door to Red Square at 12:55. THEY WERE CLOSED. Door locked. We saw someone leave so we entered inside. The lady/hostess came up to us, I asked if they were still open. She replied with a rude tone " no, we're closed". I asked why they advertised a 2am closing time. She replied quickly "its clean up hour"Couldn't you clean AFTER 2 am? WTF, why don't you post 1am closing on Weds night. Instead of every website listing 2am as a closing time. That is the most unprofessional encounter I've had in Las Vegas. Even hookers have more professionalism than that. Thank you for wasting our time, money and 3 cab rides there.I seriously doubt I'll ever stay at Mandalay Bay, or any of my friends.Thank you Wynn Encore for the comp'ed rooms.
5	still a fav, last time i was here for bday dinner, but this time we did the cavi-hour, LOVED IT!have to have 2 drinks, get the caviar free, sounds good to me!!it was yummy, as were our cocktails...i recommend.next time in vegas, will most def try to squeeze this in again.nothing like sitting at the ice bar in low red lighting in the afternoon, lol ;}
4	Oh, vodka, how I love thee.I also love theme bars. And so the Red Square was calling my name. My new BFF, Arturo, the concierge at THE Hotel, recommended that we stop there either before or after a night out. This was great advice. We headed over after dinner.It was somewhat empty, so we easily got seats at the ice bar and perused the drink menu. I decided to go with a vodka flight, thinking, hey, it's my birthday trip, I'm a big girl, right? I picked the USSR flight and away we went. Woooo. The Tall Blond was my favorite. I also liked the sweetness of the Ukrainian Wheat. The other two are kinda hazy in my memory (and this was last night! haha), but I know that I ended up dumping them into my cranberry back. Another friend had the Chernobyl which was fruity and potent. I'd definitely go back for a cocktail if I was in the area!
5	This restaurant/bar has my two favorite vodkas on earth: Van Gogh chocolate and double caffeine double espresso vodkas. That alone gives them 5 stars. I can never find that shiz in San Diego. Needless to say I sidled my sparkly shirt up to the bar and ordered myself a VG chocolate martini, up. The bartender didn't believe me at first. Oh yes sir, I just want a GIANT ice cold glass full of this liquid ecstasy.  At some point between chocolate and espresso vodka martinis, I ate dinner. We split the Wasabi Nachos which were good and not like anything I've seen before, but not spicy at all. False advertising dudes. We split the lobster and black truffle pasta as well and that was excellent. Our server was top-notch, providing everything we could ask for, including advice, weird drink orders, separate checks and splitting our food onto two beautiful plates without being asked. The atmosphere is dark (red, obvi) and cozy. There are very few tables, which could make the wait here ridiculous if you don't plan ahead. In real life, I'd minus one star for being a bit pricey, but alas, such is Vegas.
4	just imagine, youve just turned 21-- traveled all the way from california to las vegas & this was your first bar that you have ever stepped foot in. you look around at all of the russian art in the room, surrounded by a red communist glow as you sip your first legal drink--  that was my experience and i was sitting happy with my cantaloupe martini :] the drink was not the greatest, but it was pretty stiff for the small asian girl that i am. my second drink was a chernobyl. this drink was amazing! ill recommend it to anyone who likes to drink alcohol, but hates the taste. this drink goes down smooth, baby ;]and even though i was there for a good hour or so to start off my night-- i did not get a chance to try any of the food there. but its okay because i know that ill be back-- ive promised myself that i would one day be as cool as the people that i saw wearing their loaned fur coats as they stood inside the giant freezer, sipping on some vodka :]
4	I went back with a friend. The drinks were great. Our bartender Aaron was fantastic. Reccomended some great munchies, and made some fantastic cocktails. They have a huge huge huge selection of Vodkas, enough for you to kill yourself and your liver in one night. Drink away, its well worth the trip to the Mandalay. With the previous experience, I'll give them a few stars. I'm still pretty pissed.
2	We had dinner there 2 years ago and it was great: Caviar and Champagne, delicious food, great atmosphere and an attentive and educated staff.  This time the atmosphere was the only thing it had going for it (well the bar  menu was still great).  Premium caviar choices were replaced with second rate stuff, portions were much smaller on the appetizers as well as main dishes, and the overall presentation was seriously lacking.  My cesar salad was brown and mostly iceberg lettuce slathered in somethinig that did not resembled cesar dressing. I had the Chicken Kiev-over cooked, greesy and gross.  My date had the tasting menu, I'll let him yelp that one, but I was unimpressed.  On the good side: The bar selection offers an extensive vodka list as well as great mixed drinks. The dinner rolls were good. And, it's pretty neat inside, Lenin's head with the Vodka's was pretty cool.  Worth a stop for drinks, don't stay for dinner.I'm sure there are many other better choices for dinner in Vegas, try them out.
3	First have to get past the gauntlet of tourists that are getting their picture taken in front of Uncle Vlad's statue (with fake bird droppings).  It's strictly an 'atmosphere' bar - forget the restaurant aspect.  Nothing on the menu is exceptional or noteworthy...or remotely Russian.  They actually featured Argentinean barbeque with the skewers of meat (table next to us).  The menu is to Russia what Outback is to Australia - you can give cutesy names to the dishes, but it's still just regular food.  This place is a bar - floor to ceiling bottles of vodkas.  We ordered the $350 frozen ice cube with five samplers of the best vodka.  I don't know what good vodka is, but hubby insisted the stuff was "smooth".  We didn't order the caviar because it was over-priced.  The funniest item on the menu was "Siberian Nachos" - talk about weird juxtaposition of words and ingredients (fried wontons with smoked salmon and wasabi creme).  We just laughed as we ate it.  Really expected to see some more Russian foods.  Come here for drinks if the other bars are full.
5	Wow.  Super impressed.  Then again, I don't think I've ever been to a place this expensive.  No, that's not true:  Morton's.  That place is overrated.  Oops, getting off topic.The vodkatinis here are fantastic.  Their goat cheese salad is the most incredible thing I've ever had.  My steak was amazing.  The vodka flights were quite interesting.  And the service was incredible.  There's really not much else I can say.I really wish I could have gone into their vodka freezer though.  Too bad it's so damn expensive and I can't tell the difference between all the high-end vodkas anyway so it would be a waste of money.  Still.Oh, I also discovered that vodka tasting is not the same as wine tasting.  Seems obvious but I really thought I'd be able to differentiate between the different vodkas if I had them side-by-side.  Nope.  It all taste the same to me.  Boooo!  I think I'll have to stick to the mixed drinks.
4	Ate here with some work colleagues on a recent business trip to Las Vegas.  I love vodka, but since I had an early morning scheduled for the next day, I decided to just stick with wine.  Their wine list is impressive, with prices typical of Vegas restaurants of similar caliber (i.e. expensive).  Since we were in a large group, we were seated in a private room toward the back, so I can't really comment on the decor.  Service was excellent and attentive.  The waiter expertly guided us on choices for both appetizers and entrees.For appetizers, we had the calamari, tuna tartare, siberian nachos (essentially smoked salmon on wonton chips), and steak tartare.  All were excellent, especially the siberian nachos.  Next I had the goat cheese salad followed by the salmon kulebyaka, which is a seared filet of salmon sandwiched between puff pastry served over mushroom risotto and topped with an american sturgeon caviar dill-saffron beurre blanc.  The entree was outstanding with a more than generous portion size.  I was stuffed from the appetizers, so I wasn't able to finish my full entree, which usually isn't a problem for me.  We passed on dessert because of our work schedule.  Overall, a great experience.  Entrees range from around $30 to $45, so be prepared to spend some money.
4	Thanks to Kurt S. for putting me on to Cavi Hour at Red Square! I've always wanted to try this place, and my hubby and I visited twice on our most recent trip to Vegas. One of the highlights of the Vegas stay!Our first trip was a late night visit. To my supreme delight Red Square was having a reverse happy hour: 50% off of drinks from the cocktail list!  (I think this is available on weekdays from 11pm to 2am). I tried a few things on the drink menu including the "Jewel of Russia," a delicious refreshing fruit infused vodka. Fantastic! I'm thinking of trying to find this online so I can buy some for happy hour at home.Our second trip to Red Square was for Cavi Hour. Every day from 4-6 you can go buy two Imperia vodka drinks and with this you receive 1 oz of Petrossian caviar including the full spread of toast points, hard boiled eggs, chopped red onions, and creme fraiche. A beautiful delicious spread, and the best caviar I've ever had. (Granted I haven't had a whole lot, but I've had some and this was amazing).Loved it!
5	Red Square is one of those meal experiences you will never forget, and always hope to experience again. A friend works for the restaurant group responsible and made a reservation for us to dine here. First of all, the decor is absolutely perfect, with dim red lighting, pictures on the walls, a bar to the right with shelves upon shelves of vodka. Was a great atmosphere for a dinner celebration. All sorts of people dining or having drinks, old to young, groups of all woman, groups of men, couples, you name it! The minute we sat down our server came to speak with us, made a couple of jokes and told us not to be shy about being loud and enjoying ourselves. He was the friendliest most helpful waiter I have ever encountered and we felt very comfortable.He explained the drink menu and made recommendations. We pretty much stuck to the drink recommendations he made and were not disappointed. Drinks were fabulous! Make sure and at least try one. The drink menu is beyond anything I've ever seen, many different kinds of vodkas, martinis, and cocktails. They also explained they can pretty much make any drink you want with any one of their vodkas on hand-- just take your pick! We had these dumplings as an appetizer that our waiter recommended. He said it was on the bar menu but that we could order it if interested. It came in a very rich broth, and once we ate all of the dumplings we asked for more bread so that we could soak up the rest of the broth. Delicious!I ordered the dinner special of the day which was a steak with crab on top and Bearnaise sauce. It also came with truffle mashed potatoes and asparagus. Now, I like my meat mooing-- you heard me, mooing. My piece was made exactly the way I like it- juicy and rare. The mashed potatoes were also delicious and the asparagus- I actually ate all of it! I am not the biggest vegetable fan, and I actually liked it, so that says a lot! I also tried some of the other dishes my friends ordered, including the lobster fettucine-- hearty and tasty, and the strogonoff-- again, really hearty but flavorful!  We got a round of Vodka shots, I am not sure which one it was, all I know is it was a flavored vodka and we were all pretty loud and rowdy after that! For desert, my friend was kind enough to set up a "Birthday Desert" which I believe was an assortment of different sweets on their menu. My favorite was this faux sweet blinis. There were these crunchy chocolate balls in a sort of strawberry yogurt, and it resembled caviar. Then you assembled your own little blini with the chocolate on top- SO GOOD! Wow, absolutely delicious, I was eating it by the spoon full! The chocolate cake was also delicious, and the plate said "Happy Birthday Nicole" in chocolate! So cute, and so special. I was so touched! We then had to experience the whole Vodka Vault thing, having shots off of Stalin's head in fur coats and hats. We took a whole lot of pictures in our gear, and the nice woman in charge of the vault was very patient with our over eagerness. The service was absolutely impecable- but in a very intimate, friendly sort of way. I strongly believe that even if they food were terrible (which it wasn't) you'd still have a great time. Great for big groups, celebrations, dates, any occasion. A wonderful way to start out my Birthday weekend in Vegas.
4	I'm not going to say it was an unforgettable experience because I've had my fair share of to die for food, having lived in France and all. My meal was great. I didn't have much, just the portabella crab appetizer (full from the pool, lame). It was perfect in every bite. My friends had the salmon, lobster bisque and pseudo ceasar salad, and a filet mignon oscar special. It was all good. The filet was perfectly cooked, and the salad looked divine. We had the dessert vodka flight, and most of them were so good you could hardly tell it was vodka. The chocolate tasted like coffee, but I like coffee so I didn't mind. Pineapple was my favorite. I only wish I'd tried the stroganoff, some people next to us had it, and it smelled phenomenal. The service was kind of lame, she didn't pay enough attention to us, and spilled some of my deelish lychee martini, and didn't make enough of a fuss about it.  I would definitely come back here, and get the hazelnut crusted lamb chops, a recipe idea I intend to steal and make at home for sure. The odd thing I thought about Vegas in general is that you always have to go to a bathroom outside of where ever you're at - it's either in the lobby or the casino. It was the lobby in this case.
5	What a great experience. I really liked this restaurant. Totally worth the price. Started off the evening with a peach martini and then switched to the peach bellini's. Fantastic!! Enjoyed the fillet mignon special with crab and horseradish potato's. Fillet was cooked perfectly (med rare). Sad I was so full from earlier that day I did not finish it. It was a little pricey ($59) but I think it was worth it and the portion size was spot on. For dessert I shared a flight of vodka with the table as well as the in-house-made Raspberry/Cranberry vodka. Service was good and very attentive.I also love that they encourage you to get loud and boy it can get loud. Its all that Vodka kicking in....
4	It looses a star because i did want something um..more...Russian. The funny thing was the waiter said "Since we are russian themed we have a large selection of Vodka's to choose from." Which was impressive and they even had Jewel Of russia custom bottles which are sooo soo good.Then after the drink selection the waiter said "We're not really a russian restaurant we don't serve Russian food. Just it's themed that way." :( Well.. OkTHe Headless Lenin Head fooled me. But i had the aparently most requested meal the Roqurt Filet Mignon. It was perfect and each bite was heavenly. THe Vodka Martini also (um i was drunk so i forgot the names  ) The kicker on this place and being a LAS Vegasan I can attest to this. THey have the best Creme Brulee on the strip. Hands down. They serve it with two chocolate sticks which threw me off. But in all It was great. Pricey yes. Worth it. Yes
5	This is my 2nd time here and I absolutely love this place.  I think 95% of the restaurants in Vegas are overhyped and the food usually so-so.Red Square is for people that have a clue about having a good time.First of all if you like Martinis or Vodka brace yourself for over 500 different ones on the list.  The wait staff is great about suggesting and they have Vodka Flights.  This is a must stop place before going out at night.  If you have a group of 4 or more do a bottle service.  They take you to the Frozen Room Vault and you can finish your bottle at your table during dinner.Let's get to the good part... The Steaks are amazing.  I've eaten at N9NE, Wynn, MGM, and other top steakhouses and the meat here is awesome.Get the Filet Oscar or one of the special Beef dishes and don't fall out of your chair with joy.With all the cheesy places in Vegas, finally there is one with a great ambience, martini selection, and great vibe.Enjoy and yes they have Russian items on the menu... Not sure what the other yelpers are talking about.
3	Red Square, USSR symbol outside, loads of Russian Vodka and Russiandecor has everything Russian except for Russian food. Oh well.... For dinner I ordered the Rib eye medium rare with a side of mushrooms sauteed in white wine sauce. It was good but not one of the best Rib eyes I have had and for something that nearly cost $50 I was expecting something to die for. My girlfriend had the fillet Mignon and when she turned away I was able to cut myself some pieces and I would have to say the same for something that cost nearly $50 I was hoping for the best. If it was for service I would give this place five stars. Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the food and drinks. He was very attentive to our needs and a very good sales man. Everything we would think we were completed with the order he would recommend something that would pair well. Since I am so easy with food I wound up listening to him and he was spot on. Because Vegas is filled with steak houses I don't think I would be coming back.
3	I really want to give this place more than 3 stars.  I think it's more like 3.5.My husband and I went here last night on our first night of our mini vacay. I was very much looking forward to my dinner here.  The ambiance was fantastic and I've heard great things.We each started off with a martini (a peach something for me and a dirty bleu cheese olive martini for him) both of which were super strong but delicious. We had the salt and pepper calamari which was very good.  The batter was crispy and not too greasy and the dipping sauce was sweet with a spicy kick.  They give you a ton of calamari so we didn't finish.I got the chicken kiev and he got the rack of lamb.  I was extremely disappointed with my chicken :\  The breading fell right off the chicken and was soggy.  There were a few big fatty pieces and everything was very under-seasoned.  Not even any salt at the tables to fix that.  My husbands rack of lamb, though, was impeccable.  It came with a sweet potato flan that was a thing of beauty.  The lamb was perfectly medium rare with a hazelnut dijon crust.  I might just dream about it.I heard another waiter at the table next to us announce a special of filet oscar as we were almost done with our meal.  I was very disappointed.  Filet oscar is my all time favorite and I most definitely would have ordered that had I been told it was a special.  It would have been in their best interest, as well, since I ordered the chicken which was the least expensive thing on the menu but would have ordered the oscar which was probably the most expensive thing!  We had another couple of cocktails which were good but not mind blowing and didn't have room for dessert.My husband really wanted to try the vodka ice bar thing, but it was a 200 dollar minimum for a bottle and I have a hard time justifying 200 dollars (or more!) for a bottle of vodka that I could buy at bevmo for 30.  I know, I know, it's the "experience."
5	Best meal I ever had.  Great service as well.  Get the calamari - WOW.
4	This is a great place to get some drinks after a day of grinding.  Prices are a bit high but its Vegas.I'm not usually into themed restaurants on the Strip but I'll make an exception for this place.  The ambiance caters to the Mandalay Bay crowd;  trendy 30 something year olds.Been here over 20 times in the past three years.  It is consistent.There are two distinct areas of this restaurant.  The lounge is an excellent place to hang and sample the many different vodkas from around the world.  I strongly recommend a vodka tasting flight (best of the motherland is outstanding).  You would never think such a distilled drink could have so many different subtle flavors but... well trust me.  Do the flight before having them make martinis for you.  If anything, you will seem much more knowledgeable to the ladies around you.The restaurant dining room on the other hand is a hybrid of American and Russian food (kinda funny when you think about the 80's).  Try the tartar.  It is very traditional with the raw egg yolk.  Its flavor is spot on.  The stroganoff is also a true winner.   Prices run a bit high in the restaurant.  There is a wine list with many old world wines but why not just drink vodka.  It matches everything.A rule of thumb here is to order the food that seems to be Russian.  It is not that it taste much better, it just seems strange to eat a NY Steak and Lobster tail in a Russian themed restaurant.
2	It was good. The service wasn't very good though. The only problem was the price. $50 for an 8oz steak. I realize this type of restaurant wasn't conceived as an all you can eat American slop house but $50 for and 8oz steak? And the veggies were extra. I spent over a hundred dollars on a mediocre dinner and was still hungry. The vodkas good though.
4	My favorite bar in Vegas, hands down. I love the decor and the ambiance. The house's hot pepper vodka is phenomenal. The best deal are the vodka flights-- four shots served in a block of ice. They offer six or seven different flights-- this most recent trip I got the USSR flight which included vodkas from Russia, Ukraine, and Kazakhstan.I did not eat dinner here this time, but ate here a few years ago and it was great. Thank god it was a biz trip though, because if I had to foot the bill, I may have thought twice about it... the prices are a tad exorbitant. But it is the Strip, and it is Mandalay Bay, so that is not surprising.
4	We sat at the bar thinking we'd sample their vodkas, got tired of cheapass vodka Casino serves for free while losing hundred of dollars playing blackjack.  We had vodkas the bar tender recommended and I was happy happy happy.  I should remember the bar tender's name but after few vodkas his  name became "Another?"  Anyway he had a mohawk and from San Diego, a good guy, made me order caviar, a great choice he made for us but the lamb was dry dry dry.  Overall we spent some bucks but worth $100 tip for the bartender.
3	The food at Red Square was good.  However, the server was over confident and tried to upsell on EVERYTHING.
4	Another 3.5 star review. I'm rounding up due to the great service we received!Cavihour has changed from 2 drinks to 4 drinks. And these aren't cheap drinks people. At $17 a pop, we spent $90 for this cavihour promo. Hardly a "great deal" anymore.. kinda depressing! I would think with the economy places would be making their promos better, but it seems a lot of restaurants have made their promos worth by jacking up prices and decreasing portions. Drinks were tasty, but honestly I'd prefer grey goose if given the choice instead of the russian imperial. The pomegranate cocktail on the 2nd page was our favoriret. Caviar on the caviar hour was decent. It was the tiny kind (which I love), but it had more fish and less salt than I like in flavor. The sides that come with the caviar is why this place gets 4 stars.. wow! Fresh hot blinis, toast, eggs, onions, creme fraiche.. truly the works. Overall still a great place for happy hour - especially if you LOVE caviar like I do! At $90 for 4 drinks + some caviar, it's more of a splurge type place and less of a deal.
4	From Russia With Love...This restaurant was sent, I believe, as a personal gift to myself from Russia herself.   Quickly, yes its expensive, can be tight quarters, and low lit... But, its Vegas, everything is expensive here, or at least most good things, and Red Square in now exception.  We did a bottle of Vodka with dinner, I highly recommend this if you plan on having more then 5 drinks at your table as the bottle does come with full service and mixers at no additional charge less the individual gratuity they request.  The bonus on ordering the bottle is gaining access to the Vodka Vault, a below zero freezer where they keep these find bottles of clear liquor.  If you purchase a bottle, of any value, you will be given private access to the vault with mink coats, in addition to shot glasses accompanying your bottle of vodka... which can later be taken off of Stalin's head inside of the chilled room.  The food was spectacular, I split a steak and salad with my wife and it was amazing, not to mention a way to save a couple of bucks on the final bill.Our service was good, not spectacular and the booth in which we sat was very tight fit for a 6' 3" man...I highly recommend and definitely plan on eating at again.
4	Had a few martinis and some apps there in Jan 2009. If you are a martini lover, you need to experience this place. Fantastic atmosphere, great selection of vodka and a heavy pour to be sure, so be careful. Obviously pricey, being Vegas, but worth the experience. If you are in a large group, splurge and buy a bottle of vodka and enjoy it in the freezer while wearing fur coats, hats and gloves provided by the bar. Only Vegas can bring something as communist and excessive, the Red Square to the USA!
4	This place is always fun.  I tried the Baltika, a Russian beer that is a great imitation of a Belgian beer.  My commrades had martini's and one friend tried the flight of vodka served in a block of red ice.  The distressed cold war decor really helped to make the place.  My wife suggests the Blody Mary made with pepper vodka.  The food is pretty good, though expensive.
2	I'm not a big fan of short reviews, but in a place with the volume of reviews as this, I'll forgive myself.  1) Ambiance=5 stars.  The place looked super cool, with it's low red lighting and old school Ruski decorations2) Service=1 star.  Took FOREVER to get drinks and water with the house only at 25% capacity on a Sunday night.3) Drinks=2 stars.  For a vodka bar, their drinks are super fucking weak.  I don't mind paying $30 for a flight of foo-foo shots, but at least make them taste like there's a little liquor in them.  However, they had an EXTENSIVE vodka menu.4) Food=Can't rate, as I only had a bite of a friend's chocolate caviar, which was pretty tasty.
4	Was here for dinner a couple of years ago, and remember it as being very good. I remember having the tartare amd caesar salad, which were both very good.This past time we went just to get into the vodka vault. Having seens it last time, i wanted to check it out. You need to order a bottle to get in, but you get your own server and garnishes and fur coats(and a fur hat if you want) to wear.We did it just to say we did something a bit different than ordering a round in a bar. And since we are all very much into vodka, we wanted to try some different kinds. I forgot which bottle we ordered, but it was gone in about 4 minutes. There was 6 of us in there, not including our hostess. Then we proceeded to order 5-6 more rounds. Bad move. While i enjoyed tasting so many differnt vodkas, and being able to compare them all at the same time while in a sub zero freezer, the amount that we drank caused my cousin to lose the ability to walk or stay upright about 15 seconds after leaving the vault. And since we did not stay at mandalay, it was an adventure carrying her back to NY NY. It was pricey too, ~$950 for about 30 minutes in the vault. But it's Vegas, you need to splurge sometimes.
3	Be warned: the CaviHour, as I was told by our server, is only applicable Monday thru Friday (I was there on a Saturday, and I was f'n disappointed, like someone took a massive shite in my Christmas stocking).  It's my own fault, really, because I waited.  Don't wait.  Look at me now!Aside from that, we stayed for one drink: I got a classic martini with bleu-cheese stuffed olives (tremendous!).  The decor is a cross between Tsarist opulance and Soviet utilitarian bleakness - like when members of the presidium would throw down their dirty sheepskin coats on the marbled floors of the Winter Palace. I will NEED to come back, now.
3	The dimly-lit and rather over-themed "Red Square" is worth a visit if you fancy some caviar and a stiff drink.  Strong but pricey cocktails, and the "Cavi-Hour" features a reasonable but not exquisite ounce of American caviar too low-end even to be listed on the a a la carte caviar menu.  Did not stay to eat and am not commenting on the food service.
3	I didn't eat here but went to the Vodka Freezer.  We thought it would be a fun experience and have round of some real good vodka.  In order to go inside, you need to order bottle service. We ordered cranberry flavor Russian Vodka and was helped inside by the Vodka Goddess.  My brave friend tried to go inside without the fur coats that was complementary.  It is around 0-5degrees in there.  Needless to say he didn't last very long.  It was fun, however it is pricy.  We thought it would of been bigger but I think that was 35degrees bar.  I would suggest to try it once with a large group of friends and make sure to pour small shots so you take advantage on hanging out in the freezer.
2	I have been going to the Red Square since 2004.  From 2004 - 2007 their dinner quality was nice.  The service was always great.  Now, 2009/2010, no more good times here.  The meat is very low grade, possibly treated, and has had bad results during digestion.  The quality of the Rib Eye meat was as bad as you can get.  No fat, thin, and not clean (meaning bacteria) in my body's opinion.  There is no doubt purchasing has chosen the cheapest possible beef and lamb in response to the economy.  BIG MISTAKE.  I spent $250 one night on "sliders" and vodka.  I was happy with that night since the sliders are allegedly Kobe and fine quality and I was willing to pay the high prices for drinks.  The second night I spent $200 and spent the night belly aching, gave the left overs to the dog.  This is the third time I spent good money for the same results, six months ago and 12 months ago.There is no excuse to cut corners by serving sub-standard meats, especially at a high-end establishment.  I had a steak at the Red White Blue in Mandalay Bay, paid $10 and loved it compared to the $44 Red Square steak.Now I must say, the service is exceptional and always has been.  The waiters are the best.  Very happy with the service.  Also the cook does a great job.  All foods were prepared to the level I would expect.  It is the low grade gut wrenching quality ingredients is the issue.  Some decision maker at the Red Square needs to be fired!
5	I'm rating this place on one drink and one drink only.Do yourself a favor and get the Red Chernobyl. That issh will jack you up, and in a good way! I don't like mixed drinks, nor do I even drink that often, but this was DELICIOUS. I felt like I was drinking Kool Aid...Kool Aid that made you warm, fuzzy, and feel good afterwards.
2	Note: this review is based on one drink at the bar, after hours. The atmosphere of this place is probably great...when Rumjungle isn't open next door. And here we arrive at the truth of my review, it's more of a noise complaint against that obnoxiously loud racket coming out of Rumjungle after 10pm. All we could hear in our booth was the thumping bass of the rude neighbors next door. I know I'm in a "Russian" restaurant (I put that in quotes because I don't really see anything much different from a regular steakhouse), but I don't care much for Vodka, my friends do, though. So, I regrettably ordered the Czar Margarita. It was horrible. In my experience, Mandalay Bay seems to specialize in poorly mixed drinks. I think the casino cocktail waitresses mix the drinks for the restaurants as well because each time I have had a mixed drink at a Mandalay Bay restaurant, it has sucked.Summary. Go here before Rumjungle converts to abhorrent club mode. And don't get the margarita.
4	They have the best vodka in LV...nice decoration and atmosphere.  I have not tried the food.
3	Much disappointment. 2.5 stars, if I could give halves.Red Square was the perfect example of the facade that is Las Vegas.  Beautiful themed ambiance, with little substance to back it up.The menu has pages upon pages of cocktails, and on the surface it appears impressive. But read the descriptions, and it reveals cheap ingredients. Moskovskaya vodka is listed in several drinks. Sounds impressive? It's that $8 bottle from Trader Joe's. You can have a shot of it in a cocktail here for $13. Worth it? Depends on how much you value the cocktail over the 10 seconds of the guy pouring it with great flourish into a pyramid of glasses. I lost count of the number of cocktails using Sierra Mist. We got the tasting menu, at $65 each +$10 for foie gras. The food was good, but overshadowed (pun intended) by such a dark interior we could hardly see it. Dark restaurants don't do service to the dishes, it makes me think there's something to hide about the food. The most our server could offer up by way of describing the dishes and highlighting its best qualities was to say the plating was "really cool, huh." My feeling is that Red Square doesn't appreciate its own food. And we walked out, $200 poorer, feeling the same. The house won this time.ps. no restrooms. There are hotel restrooms outside, around the corner, by a fountain.
3	Very cool and trendy spot. Tons of overpriced vodkas to taste as samplers or cocktails. The lemoncello was fabulous. We passed on the option of donning a parka and fur hat and standing in the ice box to drink. Maybe in the summertime. Bartenders were efficient but aloof.
5	im gonna have to give it a five everything was perfect ambience wait staff food it was honestly impeccable from the moment we walked in till we left... and it should be cause we spent some cash ha.  Now me and the friend got two drinks to start with which i know the are known for their vodkas obviously she got the signature martini bad idea since shes never had a martini but it was drinkable for her and i thought it was ahhhmazing i got a vodka water with lime very smooth and everything you would expect from a good vodka cant remember the name soooorry.  We got the five course menu tasting starting with the caviar which i have never had i thought it was good not to fishy and a nice burst of flavor. second course was steak tartar which i also have never had but absolutely looooved i will definitely order again the presentation was beautiful with toast points nice and light not too crunchy... yum yum yum be careful with the anchovies though ha.  Then came the salad with a light dressing perfect. The intermezzo was a tiny shot glass with balls of sorbet and champagne poured over it i could have ate an entire bowl of just that!! next came my beef stroganoff now this is not your mothers beef stroganoff this is heaven in a bowl filet mignon slices peas baby pearl onions and fresh pasta with a darker sauce rather than cream sooooo good.  Then came desert which was our individual huuuuuuuuge creme brulees absoolutely ahhmazing.... Then we had to run  to see the Lion king another thing i would recommend
2	No class. Food OK at best. Service , negative. Requested a new waiter immediately. Don't bother
4	Russian themed restaurant/bar, where the bar has a constant layer of ice on it, there are portraits of famous Communist leaders, and there is a little room set to freezing where you can wear a suppllied fur coat or hat and drink your martini.  Fun!  Good for a drink or two.  Finally a bit of character on the strip.
5	This review is for the restaurant/dinner menu only.Went there with a friend this weekend.  We researched ahead for a good-very good restaurant at a reasonable price.   I didn't want a fancy French restaurant, and the menu at Red Square looked good.  I ordered the special for the evening - steak topped with crab meat and dressed with horseradish sauce.   DELICIOUS!    OMG, I am very picky about steak and honestly, this was the best I ever had in my life.  The manager was attentive to our table throughout the evening.  The steak was prime cut and came from South Dakota.   All I can tell you is that my friend and I had a wonderful evening with a delicious meal.  My special cost $50, but it was totally worth it.    Although next time I go to Vegas, I would like to try a different restaurant, I would definately go back if someone in my group wanted to go.   Our cost for two dinners, plus wine, no dessert was $124.00 - not bad.  Again, totally worth it.  P.S.   I think it was better that I went on a Saturday night in the middle of February when the crowds are low and the place was not too "scene-y."
1	I loved it when I was there. The staff was very friendly and the decor was so interesting. I had the prawns - they were a bit bland but not awful. Until I woke up with food poisoning. I was so sick I could not move - I had to change my flight out of Vegas and stay an extra day just to recover. Be very careful. The meal was quite expensive and I am disgusted to think of what the kitchen must look like for me to get so sick.
4	I am an oddity as I grew up in Las Vegas.  However, Red Square inside the Mandalay Bay remains my favorite upscale restaurant in my odd hometown.Let me first explain that I am part Russian.  Therefore, I appreciate good Russian fare. I enjoy making Russian classics from time to time, but, Red Square toasts Russian culinary while still acknowledging Las Vegas style.Any Russian loves a good vodka martini.  The ice bar solidifies that your vodka will remain cold while you admire that there actually is an indoor ice block inside of a restaurant in one of the hottest cities in the world.  The food is the upscale version of country Russian fare.  You will find no gristle on the filet mignon here, nor will you find dried fish on the menu, but this is as classic Russian grub as one can find in Nevada.Besides, the atmosphere is of pure Russian opulence, you won't be disappointed.
3	My friend and I went into Red Square after being coerced by one of those dudes walking around saying he'd get us in free. Well I would hope so considering there was no line. I made a deal with him. He gets us in for free and give us free drink coupons. What a great deal, huh? He obliged and we went in. We ordered two drinks and realized that neither of us had any cash to tip the guy. I asked if I could tip on my card and he said no and it was ok. Very sweet guy and unfortunately I forget his name. Music was alright, nothing special.I'll have to go back to try their food one day and explore the place a little better.
5	If you are looking to have Vodka, or if you like Vodka, then this has to be the bar you go to, the next time you find yourself in Las Vegas. They have many different varieties of Vodka including Sweden, Finland, Poland, Russia, Ukraine and more. The place is pricey, but worth going to. They even have a cold room where you can step in and enjoy a drink to simulate how the Russians do it. If you are not a vodka fan, this is still a great place for other drinks and even for dinner, although I have not eaten here.
3	Was here in Vegas for a party and conference. Food was good and appetizers were superb. Service was not bad either. I still need to try the vodkas so will have it another time.
4	Located in Mandalay Bay, how can I not love a bar that specializes in 200+ vodka drinks. Try one of their flights to experience a broad new prospective on the clear-colored liquid. A huge statue of Lenin dominates the doorway, as well as the USSR hammer and sickle on the tiled floor. The interior can best be described as dark, with lots of red and lots of ice. In fact, part of the bar is a frozen block of ice lit underneath in red. Great for keeping the drinks cold long after they've been poured. Going along with the themed decor, the food selection includes several types of caviar, along with blini, Chicken Kiev, and Stroganoff. Atmosphere is laid back and casual. Everyone is dressed from jeans to dresses depending on where they're coming from or planning to go to after. I wouldn't call this a destination to go out of ones way for, but as a definite worthwhile go-between on the way to somewhere else.
5	Red square-Russian inspired located in Mandalay Bay.  I'm not yet 21 so I couldn't get too excited for the "ice bar" with 200+ vodka drinks...but I could get down with the food.I went with my uncle, his lady friend, and my friend.  I had just eaten 4 other meals, the last one being about an hour before, so I told me uncle to order whatever he wanted, and that I would try a little of everything, just as long as he ordered the foie french toast.So what did he do? He ordered more then I can remember, but I'll try my best:Foie gras french toast (YESS! SO GOOD!), Dumplings, Wasabi nachos, Creamed spinach, Filet mignon, skirt steak?, salmon with dill numminess,lol. Everything was very good, except the skirt steak (i think it was...not too good with my meats...) was a little too tough for me, even though it was medium rare.For desert we tried the lava cake, and the strawberries and cream.  The strawberry desert was delish.I really enjoyed the meal and the company and left smiling.I would come again to try the other things that looked really good!
4	Holly frozen bar batman!!!I stop in here every time I am in town. I have even on occasion closed the place. There is nothing better than than a hunourmous Chopin potatoe vodka martini. We even spent one night melting quarter into the bar. I imagine they love us there.Don't forget happy hour.One of my vegas must do items.
1	OKay- first off- this place does have some good martini's and what not, but this review is not for their ownership of good alcohol....it is for the food.  This was not Russian Food.  I came to this place because some one had posted on yelp that they had a true russian menu.  I really didnt see that at all.  Their menu was just like every other food menu in a restaurant in vegas that is trying to be swanky.  Yeah tuna tartare and steak topped with things- you know what I am talking about.So the food was really not russian fare- and the food that we did have wasnt even good!  I got the butterfish dish- i mean u cant really go wrong with butterfish-but they did.  It was disgusting.  It was served in like a bright red sauce- that stained my lips even-so gross.Very disappointing dining experience :(
5	What a cool spot. Not too many Russian spots. Theyve got a cool ice bar too. When we went we got the caviar. Exepensive but legit.Since it's a Russian place theres a lot of red!
5	Every Russian Martini Bar must come with a cool ice bar top. I did not order the food, but I had a large martini that did the trick all night long. This place has great ambiance and decor, and the red lighting definitely sets the mood. I cannot recall which martini I ordered, but I do remember it was perfectly shaken.
2	OK, so this WAS my favorite restaurant in Vegas.  Now?  Not so much.  I just went here with a friend - we were looking forward to a great experience.  Not so this time.  The service was the worst I've ever experienced.  The food - some good, some bad.  On service I would give this 1 star, but the food saved it.  We started with the stuffed portabello appetizer - pretty good.  I ordered a salad and my friend ordered the lobster bisque.  The lobster bisque was horrible!  Instead of a subtle lobster flavor it had a fowl fishy smell with a sharp metallic after-taste.  We sat and waited for our waiter to come by and check on us so we could return the soup - he completely ignored us.  I was confident he would return to at least offer some fresh pepper for my salad.  I was wrong.  The pepper grinder made it to other tables from other waiters, but our guy just kept returning to the bar to check the hockey score, and disappeared in the back room.  At one point I thought I caught his eye as I was trying to wave him down, but he turned around and went to another table.  Seriously, how can you just drop food in front of people and not ever go back to see if they need anything - fresh pepper, or whatever.  Finally he came by to see if we were done eating, and at that point I told him that the soup was inedible, and he took it away with no apologies.  When the manager came by, I told the manager the same, and I got "we're looking into it" back.  We're looking into it?  What the heck does that mean?Now, the entrees came and they were good.  I had a steak and my friend had the Chicken Kiev.  Quite tasty.  But then I was surprised that the waiter didn't come back to check on us.  The manager did, which was nice.  The waiter came by when we were done.  Kudos to the restaurant for a good appetizer and entrees, but shame on them for such horrible service.  Will I go back?  Hmmm...maybe after a while.  I'll give them some time to fix their service, because this used to be one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas (I previously gave them 5 stars) and it would be a pity never to go back.  But for now I'm still shocked at the horrible service.
4	After drinking, eating and dancing at RumJungle next door, we headed here to Red Square. There was no music so it was a bit dull but I was already buzzed. I ordered the organic vodka flight which was enlightening and interesting. The bartender was professional. They were about to close so we couldn't stay. Next time I will get there earlier.
4	Russian food. Who knew? There should be more Russian cuisine out there! It is such comfort food, you'd think there would be a go to place in places that get cold and have the clientelle for unique food, like San Francisco or New York. The 4 stars are for the bar & food, not the shitty service later.Bar: It was fun! The bartender took a liking to us...well, mostly my friend, but he made us shots for my birthday and the strongest martini I've ever had! All were delicious along with him being easy on the eyes.Food: The food was delicious! I had the Butterfish with Beet Beurre and all my friends had the Salmon...and we all were Mmmming and Oh-my-goshing during the entire meal. The pretzel bread...really? So good! So brilliant! The Wild Mushroom Risotto was outstanding! The Czar Salad - big, delicious and not at all what I was expecting.Shitty Service: I will say though that my friends had the Lobster Bisque and they both got sick after. Was it the richness? Was it bad shellfish? I don't know, but when I notified the front desk upon check out (they didn't get sick until long after we'd left dinner and the restaurant had closed) the hotel clerk said I needed to fill out a security report. That seems wrong. And when I said, we're not filing a complaint we just don't want other people to get sick and could they please tell the restaurant staff, she said no and it wouldn't really help if I called them directly. That also seems wrong. I'll be calling the restaurant today now that I'm back home.Overall thought a plesant experience. I might go for their bar food instead next time, but I'm pretty sure there will be a next time.
5	Aww yeah...I have a confession to make. I found out about this place because I did a search for "vodka" on Yelp. I was like, "Ooh! A vodka bar? Sign me up!" Then I looked at the food menu and decided I really, really needed to go here.So my boyfriend and I ventured over here for dinner the first night of our most recent Vegas trip. It's a good thing that he also likes vodka, because we ordered a lot. We ordered two flights (Around the World and USSR), stupidly expecting Utah-sized samples. When the eight full shots came out, we were a little overwhelmed. However, good vodka must be consumed! Around the World was the clear winner here. I was already quite familiar with Vox, and the vodkas from Poland and Iceland were first rate. Then we ate some food, because you have to soak that vodka up with something, right? Oh, this wasn't just something! I got the angel hair pasta with crab meat, because I was totally in the mood for pasta. This is one of those dishes that can easily be unremarkable, but the freshness of the crab meat and the subtle but awesome spices of the tomato sauce made this one to remember. It must be noted, though, that my boyfriend's Roquefort Filet Mignon blew my entree (and most food in general) out of the water. Tender, tasty meat + delicious blue cheese = epic win. Oh, but we weren't done! We decided we were not yet done with drinking and ordered the dessert shot flight. We started with the key lime pie one to get it out of the way because neither of us really like key lime pie. This, however, was stellar. I think that when Camilla asked Dexter to find her the perfect key lime pie, she should have totally brought her this shot. Not saying anything other than that because I don't want to put a Dexter spoiler alert in my food review! Anyway, that was followed by two coffee flavored shots which ruled, and a banana shot that was the perfect end to a perfect dinner. So, the food and drinks were obviously awesome. Service was occasionally slow, but our server (Joseph) was very friendly and had some great recommendations. I was in love with the atmosphere: dim lights, vaguely hip music, Communist memorabilia. The hipster in me was so excited to be here. I trust that I will be back on future Vegas excursions.
4	I absolutely love Red Square. The decor & bar are fabulous. But let's get to the food! You must try the full  tasting menu at least once. And come hungry. My party was pretty big. So I got to sample many things.I ordered the filet mignon. But next time I'll definitely try the stroganoff. I've never had steak tartar before. A little apprehensive on eating raw beef. But let me tell you, it was delicious. The staff was was super with helping me choose a cocktail. I'm not a fan of sweet drinks. The only reason I'm not giving a 5 star rating is because someone in my party had called & changed the reservation time that was under my name. It threw my whole party off based on her tardiness. I wish the staff would've asked for a confirmation number & not just a name.
4	The bar is awesome. All ice with bottles of Vodka frozen to the bar top. Strong drinks at vegas prices, and by that I mean new Vegas not old vegas. Huge selection for you vodka snobs.
4	Definitely a rocky dinner. 90% of our food was perfect, but what they failed to fix is the loss of a star. My boyfriend was the only one who ordered Chicken Kiev at my table and unfortunately it was way to dry and made it hard for him to enjoy. He asked our server if they could remake it and she made it happen. The problem was they brought him a new one and it was dry too! They made up for it by giving him a complimentary shrimp cocktail and dessert but he really wanted to eat an actual meal so it only made up for it so much. The caviar they have is amazing here, and I can't imagine not ordering it. (Go big or go home with the caviar folks)
5	I love Red Square.  They have good vodkas, good vodka flights and excellent food.Mr. Mixer started with the caviar and I had Steak Tartare.  Divine.  I love Steak Tartare, and the chefs at Red Square do it right!  I also learned something new.  I, who have hated fish and seaweed and lobster and crab (etc) all of my life, enjoyed Mr. Mixer's caviar.  Really!  Maybe it was the vodka taking effect, but I really enjoyed it!I had a filet with Roquefort for my dinner and Mr. Mixer had Filet Oscar.  Both were superb.Red Square is for sure one of our favorite destination when we come to Las Vegas!
5	I just ate here at the Red Square last night and it was delicious and gorgeous! A beautiful and rich looking design on the inside with a welcoming and modern look from the outside. From the cocktails to the appetizer and entree everything was delectable. Great service and food is delivered in a timely fashion. I would highly recommend the fillet mignon. Its perfectly cooked with a wonderful sauce, smashed potatoes and melted bleu cheese on top. so delicious!
5	Nostrovia martini, a great summer drink and Starry night martini, like the Van Gogh painting, are both very excellent!!! the ICE bar (literally) and the decor are FANTASTIC...makes me feel like I'm in Russia! I love vodka!
4	My experience at Red Square was like stumbling into a Russian dream.  It was hands down one of the best and most unique dining experiences of my entire life.  I love the dim red lighting.  The chandeliers are gorgeous.  The booths, walls, and all around decor perfectly create the spectacular ambience.I ordered the stroganoff and it was delicious.In order to get the true Red Square experience, you must purchase a bottle of vodka which earns you automatic entry into the Vodka Vault.  I think the cheapest bottle is $150, but it's well worth it.  You get a Vodka Goddess who assists you with picking your bottle and escorting you into the vault, plus you get free unlimited mixers with it.  There were 4 of us so we all had plenty of vodka tonics (or martinis or whatever you prefer) with dinner, then saved 2 shots of vodka each for when we went in the Vodka Vault.  The Vodka Vault is a below zero freezer where they keep an array of these fine bottles of clear liquor.  Once you're ready to enter the vault, your Goddess will help you slip into your mink coat, and optional mink hat, and escort you inside.  Outside of the restaurant is the statue of Lenin's body, minus the head.  Inside the vault, Lenin's head awaits you where you are encouraged to take your vodka shot(s) off of.  It was really, really fun. I highly reccommend this one of a kind restaurant and definitely plan on returning here many more times throughout my life.
5	ive still never eaten here but might change that in the future.  we come here a lot just to sit at the ice bar and enjoy a drink.  we always get martinis as you probably should when you come here.  this time we did.  i have no idea what the one i got was called but i enjoyed it.  then i decided to try their russian mary.  i love bloody mary's and am kinda picky on them.  they have their own peppered vodka as others have mentioned here and it is so good. it is possibly the second best bloody mary ive ever had next to rj grunts in chicago.  drinks run about $13 a martini and for the russian mary.  give it a try if you're nearby mandalay.  it is worth making a special trip down there for just to get a drink.  this is a place we've specifically trecked down to mandalay  for.
3	I've only been to the vodka bar, but I will say that it is pricey, but a fun place to visit if you are in town
4	One of my favorite Vegas bars. Awesome vodka selection with frozen bar top. Sophisticated - good place to chill without club craziness.  Very nice overall drink selection. Never tried the food, but I need to.
3	Of course the vodka selection is amazing, but there's a few negatives.  I'm not talking about the high prices necessarily since this is par for the course among the options in this part of Mandalay Bay.  No, what happened was rather odd.  I ordered one of the Russian samplers and the bartender gave me an accidentally generous pour of ZYR vodka.  Then he actually picked up my shooter and poured it back into the ZYR bottle and said "oops".  WTF?  Uhm, no. If you overpour by an ounce or two you just don't do that.  That vodka flight was $47 or so plus tax and tip... do you really have to pour back a couple ounces?
2	Blah; the food is .... I should have read more review an noticed that mainly folks love the drink here an nothing about the food. Side note; the steak tartar was ok; but the steak house on the side offers a pretty good one.
4	Came in for an after dinner drink (or two). I LOVE vokda and I LOVE martinis! I have to say that I struggled between 3 and 4 stars...and here is why. The martini list is quite extensive. That being said, I tried a few of them, and they were all waayy too sweet! I asked our server for a less sweet recommendation and she brought me a grapefruit martini. So I give 3 stars for the menu and lack of selection if you are not into "sweet", but 4 stars for the server and her swift recovery!I have never eaten here, so I can't comment on the food.
4	It took me several trips to Sin City to make it to the Red Square - it had been on "the list" but never quite made it to top... What a mistake I made in overlooking this place! It's really a great restaurant! You can see the posted pics - the interior is quite nice. Interesting decor, the Russian theme is certainly present - but not to the point of being tacky. Like I said, really a nice place! But on to the food...the steak tartare was excellent. Some of the best that I have had - really. Served with toast points and the traditional accompaniments (chopped egg white, capers, anchovies, top with a raw egg yoke). Simple - yes. But so damn good.... The salmon dish (I'm not going to try to spell the actual menu name of the dish) was excellent as well. A perfectly cooked piece of fresh salmon, on top of a mushroom and potato mixture, and topped with a piece of buttery puff pastry and an excellent cream sauce. Oh yes! The wine list was a little weak (the Vodka list isn't!) but I did get a very good glass of Cab. The service was a little slow to start and perhaps a bit rushed at the end of the meal, but that's really pretty minor in the scheme of things. Yes, the prices are a bit steep but this is the Strip... All in all, an excellent meal! I will probably be back!
5	The food is mediocre but the cocktails and vodka lists are still impressive. The whole experience here is simply wonderful & unique, and a great place to check out.Have a sip by the  bar, where they pull up the bottles on a bed of ice.....or go all out and take a vodka tour complete with fur coats.I will probably continue to come here when I'm in the Mandalay Bay or this end of the strip =) !
3	Nice decor, but definitely not Russian food or ambiance.  My borscht was watery with none of the heavy beet and sour cream flavors that should be there.  They only had one variety of Baltika Russian beer (#8 wheat) available.  I had the Pan Seared Butterfish which was good.  However what really detracted from the atmosphere was the techno/trance music.  Why can't they play some real Russian music to match the decor?  If you want some overpriced faux Russian food, this is the place.
4	A vegas must for me each trip when you are ready to sit and chill and not be in a loud lounge/club.  Cool theme, good drinks, great place to sit and relax with friends in a great hotel/casino.
2	Red Square is an incoherent mess, a poorly-conceived tribute/parody of the cold-war-era soviet union complete with kitschy cocktail names, miss-the-mark decor, and a headless Lenin statue out front.  Short take: Drinks?  Yes.  Food?  No.  Douchebags and blank-eyed tourists?  Mostly.My wife and I gave it a go while too lazy to venture out of Mandalay Bay (where we were staying), and things started off surprisingly well.  Drinks, while oddly rich in Sierra Mist and other kids-candy mixers, are fairly well executed.  Some menu-born promises, such as a chocolate-covered plantain in the "Russkie" (see, stupid names), are satisfied in name only.  In that case, by a dehydrated plantain chip with a smear of chocolate on it rode the foam of a banana-creme martini.Our server had zero taste, first recommending the steak tartare and then mauling it table-side by adding absolutely everything served on the plate to it.  If I wanted even parts caper, onion, beef, and horseradish sauce mashed together, I would have done it myself for less than $20.Foie gras was okay (not great, as the foie gras itself was uncharacteristically bitter), served with a berry sauce, an apple, bacon, and french toast points.  There's a reason that most French preparations stick to brown sweets, like apple, raisin, and fig.  Berries for the $24 fail.My wife's entree, lobster fettucini, was remarkably unremarkable, with a rubbery, overcooked lobster-claw in a thin and under-salted cream sauce.  She was tired, and the not-really-rich cream sauce was all she was really looking for.  $32?  Ouch.My entree, the Stroganoff, was absolutely offensive.  In short, it tasted like boiled anus.  The tenderloin tips were overcooked, fibrous, and bland, and they rode around in a sauce so poorly seasoned that it could absolutely never have been tasted by anyone in the kitchen.  The noodles were reasonably cooked, but covered in that terribly executed sauce, and it was all topped off with onion strings that had clearly been fried at least 30 minutes prior to being plated.  They tasted of cold, congealed fryer grease, and they were the only salt carrier of the dish.Near the end of our meal, crappy club music (and I like club music) started thumping through the entire venue.  Not a gracious end to a meal that cost nearly $150 before tip.Merely 30 feet from Wolfgang Puck's Lupo (which I've never been to, but clearly has to be better), you'd have to have suffered a debilitating brain injury or lost a bet to end up at Red Square for anything but drinks.
5	Lenin's headless body greets you at the door. His head? It's on ice in the "Vodka Vault," where for a minimum of $200, you get to sip your vodka of choice (750 ml) while donning a full length fur coat. This bar/lounge takes it's Russian theme very seriously. The entire space is illuminated in red, propaganda posters grace the wall & the chandelier light covers mimic the shape of ornate domes seen in St. Petersburg architecture. Kind of intense--I loved it!The bf & I dragged our friends here so he could get his caviar on & I could get my vodka fix (in case you didn't know, I'm a vodka girl.) The bf ordered a dessert cocktail, key lime pie (a little sweet for me) & I had a bellini (champagne w/ peach vodka, about $13-$14 per cocktail.) Friendly waitresses, amazing atmosphere, hypnotic trance music... I'll definitely pay another visit to Mandalay Bay next time I'm in town to enjoy my favorite "potent potable" here.Sidenote: Boys, keep an eye on your wallet while you are perched at the bar. Someone said they saw some mini skirt wearin' women reach into some poor guy's pocket, pull out a few dollars to pay for their drinks & put the wallet back! Can we say scandalous?! Proof that anything goes in Vegas (even thievery.) Zero stars for those horrid women!
5	There is a decapitated statue of Lenin out front.  Unless you are a Communist, you will agree that is awesome.  You don't hate America, do you?We didn't eat dinner while we were here but just had drinks.  My girlfriend enjoyed some of the different specialty drinks they had.  I sipped a couple of them and they were tasty.But really, you come here for the vodka menu.  I love me some vodka.  I believe I started at Stoli Elite (~$15/drink) and started to work my way up the menu.  Jewel of Russia makes a couple of different vodkas that were really good too.  Having downed a $30/drink bit of vodka, the next step on the menu was $80/drink.  I was tempted.  I'm glad my girlfriend stopped me when she did.  Kinda.The service here was very attentive, professional and knowledgeable.  They make you want to stay here.Really fun place, definitely check it out.  Friends of mine have eaten here and said the food is good too.
4	Among some of the corny flashing lights, endless buffets, and countless scantily clad cocktail servers, there are actually some amazing bars and restaurants popping up all over Las Vegas.  Red Square is one of them.  Yes, admittedly, the bar made of ice (normal bar but with a patch of ice running down the middle to set your drink on or play with if you are a strange person) was the deciding factor on entering this bar.  Just walking in and seeing the amazing architecture, chandeliers, and unique 3-story painting on the wall was worth the time.  I saw the place almost as a Haunted Mansion...but one you can sip delicious beverages at!I don't drink martinis and hardly drink while we are at it.....but these cocktails that the highly socially gifted bartender, Kerry, made for us were out of control.  Key Lime Pie Martini rimmed with graham crackers and their House Vodka infused with Mango Martini both rocked the taste buds and soothed the mood.  Although I didn't get to dine at this fine establishment, I will definitely be back again at least for another cocktail. This place will be at Mandalay Bay Hotel and Casino for a long time!
4	A very interesting dining experience, especially if you are old enough to remember when the Soviet Union was the bad guy.  Great vodka collection and a number of mouth watering dishes with a Russian twist.
3	This is a fun place and a little loud, probably because of the free-flowing vodka. The decor is unique and creates a cool vibe. Enjoyed the atmosphere very much and we began with drinks at the ice-covered bar before being seated for our meal. Our food however was only OK and our waiter was a bit of a jack-wagon. I ordered a vodka tonic and asked for a vodka recommendation as I wanted to hear about their selections. All I got was "I don't know. What do you want?" Pretty much summed up what he brought to our dining experience. The menu offered some unique selections, but I thought it was a bit pricey considering what you actually got and for the uninspired service we received. The stroganoff was good, but not memorable. The tuna tartar was a nice appetizer and we enjoyed the Siberian nachos. I definitely would come back for drinks at the bar and soak up more of the heavy atmosphere. But there are better dining experiences for a $100 a person. 20748
5	Amazing had a great date with my husband, the salmon and martinis made it even better! !
3	My friend and I made reservations here for their $95 New Years Eve pre-fix menu since we were attending the Mandalay Bay Block Party, and I had been wanting to eat here for quite some time.  Overall it was a good experience, good food and great service.  Food- Amuse:  "Caviar" (caviar filled beggar's purse) - this was actually very good.  It was filled with some type of extremely creamy cheese that had a strong flavor.  I love cheese so this was good in my book.  The beggar's purse evened out the creamyness and added a nice balance.- Appetizer: "Crab Cake" (jumbo lump crab, shaved white asparagus, Russian  remulade) - the crab cake was fairly large in size and tasted good, although very standard.  There was not an overwhelming amount of filler & outside had a nice crisp to it.  The asparagus was very crunchy so if you like crunchy, you'd like this...however, I was not a fan as I prefer my asparagus cooked fully.  The remulade was good but did not stand out; it reminded me of thousand island dressing.- Salad:  "Crispy Goat Cheese Salad" (baby argula, granny smith apples, endive, champagne vinegrette) - lovvvveeedd the salad!  Again, I am a huge cheese fan so this was great.  The cheese was a perfect crisp, atop of the bed of greens.  The vinegrette was light and refreshing, and not too overpowering.- Entree:  "Scallops" (seared jumbo sea scallops, lobster mashed potatoes, charred tomato relish) - although no scallops have been able to touch the ones I had at RM Seafood (flippin' amazing), I was still a fan.  The presentation could have been better, as all three scallops ranged widely in size and looked like they were slopped on top of the taters.  The taters were standard, and I'm not sure they should have included "lobster" in the title, as I encountered one SMALL piece of lobster.  The charred tomato relish was very tangy.- Dessert:  "Chocolate Caviar" (crunchy chocolate pearls, strawberry creme fraiche, vanilla blini) - I didn't like the creme, it almost reminded me of yougurt with a very strong "yogurty" taste.  The chocolate pearls tasted like dark chocolate and were good, however you had to sift thru to the bottom of the creme to get to them.  Vanilla blini was a tad dry.For drinks I had some type of martini, (can't remember the name & can't find the drink menu online) which was very good.  It was strong, not too sweet and refreshing.  It had grapefruit juice which balanced out the flavors.  It came garnished with a huge wedge of grapefruit, so big it kind of made us laugh.  A champagne toast accompanied dessert, which was good.Overall the food presentation was good, minus the scallops.  The service was spectacular- our server was very friendly and personable, the host girls were cute and welcoming upon arrival.  Timing of the food was just about perfect, the courses were spaced out very well.  I really liked the enviroment, as it had an almost old Russia feel...the lighting was very dim and red which added to the experience.  I also like the fact it's off Mandalay's casino floor. By no means was the food the absolute best I've ever had, however it still good warrants a return visit.  Putting together the  atmosphere, service and food, Red Square was an overall good experience and there are many other menu items, including their extensive vodka selection, I would like to try...  The statue of Lenin out front is really f'n cool as well, I'm a fan.
3	Red Square is a terrific fine dining experience and a terrible lounge experience all in one! On my brother's first night in Vegas, we took him here for dinner. The food was really great and the Communist themed decor was charming. We had a wonderful, filling dinner capped with delicious signature cocktails. I already liked Russian food and I was impressed by the kitchen's attention to detail.A night or two later, we came back with the entire wedding party. We wanted to toast the bride and groom with the whole vodka bottle service in the freezer shabang. Little did we know that the staff at Red Square were going to want to close a full two hours early. No kidding, I was shocked. The hostess who was so friendly only a couple days before delivered our mixed drinks and hovered at the bar until the millisecond she could collect our check. She even closed the front door and turn away new groups that wanted to come in.Definitely consider coming here for dinner, but no later than 8pm TOPS.
5	I'm SO glad this is the place I decided on to try the filet Mignon for the first time. It was delicious! We also ordered the crab angel hair pasta, that was fantastic! The calamari was delicious. I don't usually like calamari, but it was fantastic here! The service was impeccable. I loved every moment since the minute we walked in. The atmosphere is amazing, dim, red lighting. I love the fact that they pull out the tables to seat you! Our server knew what he was talking about and even made suggestions on what was good. Everything was perfect, the food, atmosphere, service. I loved it there and will definitely come back!
2	used to be a great place - however went back this last weekend and my steak was barely edible...the drinks and other items were OK...but this place like the rest of the property has gone significantly downhill
5	One of my favorite places to go in Las Vegas!  Vodka martinis do NOT get any better than this.  The atmosphere is great too.   Good atmosphere is very important to me when I go to a restaurant.  I want to feel comfortable; I like it dimly lit (but not so much to where I can't see my food well), and I like a romantic cozy enviornment, and a great theme is appreciated- Red Square hits all of my atmosphere requirements!  The meals are very yummy but not phenomenal, but I like to come here for the martinis.  Bring a lot of spending money though because drinks are expensive here, but I never regret the money I spend, the memories with my friends, sisters, and husband is worth the money.  The service is great too, they are always ready to give you another martini or whatever else you need.  When I first came here I asked our waiter for recommendations, he asked what sort of tastes I like, he was able to pick great martinis for me every time!  Now that I'm a "Red Square regular," I know what martinis I like the best.  I'll visit here at least once a month.
5	I love the venue at Mandalay.  They are not so hyped, yet everything I have experienced there was top notch. This vodka bar is no exception. In fact I would call it exceptional.
5	The Chernobyl is the best drink on the planet and Red Square is the only place to enjoy it.  I love the Chernobyl so much, I wrote a haiku about it:Three quarters vodka,Add a splash of cranberry,Drink with candy worm.Cheers!
5	Recommended by someone from our hotel so we decided to check it out since we were already in Mandalay bay for a show. There was this lady who was wearing this mink coat outside the restaurant and i thought that was a very good touch to the 'russian feel"  just hoping its faux lol. I ordered the Roasted Lamb Loin and my better half ordered their special, Filet Oscar with Lump Crabmeat sauce. My dish was exactly what I expected it to be just the right portion not too small not to big just perfect. the meat was cooked to perfection and the sauce was a great compliment to the dish. The Filet Oscar however blew my mind. Im not sure if they serve prime steaks but it doesn't matter this dish was an orchestra or wonderful textures and flavors in your mouth. The sauce had a hint horseradish and wow I would eat it again and again and again.This place has a romantic feel as well. With the red hints of lighting and decor and dimly lit. I loved everything about it even my water haha.
3	Took my girl out for Valentine's Day and dinner at Red Square.  We made reservations a couple of days prior with no problem.  The restaurant was not overly busy considering the occasion.Red Square has a truly impressive vodka list...if you like Vodka.  They have numerous specialty martinis and cocktails as well.  Casual and hardcore alcoholics alike will undoubtedly find something to their tastes.We ordered an appetizer and entrees.  I had the filet with crabmeat and she had the pork with asparagus and sweet potatoes.  We topped things off with a very nice creme bruele.The food was very good with very nice presentation.  Ambience on the other hand left much to be desired.  The tables are very crowded and it was often difficult to focus on our conversation as it became a chore to try to tune out the conversations of those around us.  To say the tables are too close together would be an understatement.Not bathroom in the actual restaurant was a real downer.  No patron of any restaurant should be told to leave the restaurant in order to go to the restroom.  Big minus points there.Overall the food was good.  The decor was themed perfectly and very attractive.  However, the lack of any real intimate space and lack of onsite bathroom facilities necessitate the 3 star rating.
2	Beautiful restaurant. But...I ordered the chicken Kiev and it came on a rice pilaf that actually used frozen carrots and peas. FROZEN CARROTS AND PEAS? Absolutely insulting, also the wine sauce that accompanied the dish was under reduced and still tasted a little boozey ,and let me tell you it was not a nice wine flavor. The  bone protruding from the back of the chicken had been put too close to the salamander and had a very disturbing burning hair smell when the dish was put in from of me. everyone else in my party had pretty good food. I had the borsch and it was truly lovely. we ordered Rasputin's Magic Candy Bar for dessert and it was really fun....however, I can tell these items require a lot of work and they make them in advance, but this one, I think had been made too far in advance. The mousse inside was taking on some off flavors from the refrigeration unit it was kept in. Such a great concept, however, I am not sure if this restaurant has been able to break free of some Las Vegas traditional feed trough techniques.but it truly was a cool place to hang out. Cozy and kinda sexy.
3	I feel deceived by the 4 stars rating.My boyfriend and I wanted to get dinner before watching The Lion King so I pulled out my handy dandy Iphone for a quick Yelp search of what's good nearby.  Saw that this place had a 4 stars rating so we decided to try it.  I feel like the high ratings are mostly for their VODKA, not their food. For the price you pay and the quality that you get, this place gets a 3 stars in my opinion.I had the house special that night which was steak topped with crab meat.  It wasn't bad but definitely not worth $50....it was about $27.95 steak & crab.  Color me disappointed.It was a nice place for dinner though from the bar, tables/chairs, decors, to the waiters/hostesses. Romantic ambiance.
4	I give the place 5 stars for ambiance and cocktails and three and a half to four stars for food and service. We stopped by Red Square for a pre-dinner round of cocktails and appetizers when last in  Vegas. The decor is lush (except the flatscreen TVs over the bar, which in my opinion completely detract from the vibe) and the mixed vodka drinks are delicious and reasonably priced for Vegas.  However, the food was so-so.  Granted, we didn't have entrees, but nothing really tickled my fancy on the menu anyway.  We did the Siberian Nachos for an app (and my brother in law got the Grand Marnier-soaked strawberry dessert) and they were good, but the portions were VERY small.  Long story short -- I'd be back for drinks but not likely for dinner.  I suggest stopping in here early to have a drink or two before heading out for a show or dinner elsewhere.
4	Great place, food was a little pricey but that's expected. Drinks were pretty good too.  I had White Russian (drink that is), some appetizers and the beef stroganoff.  Overall...food, drinks, service and ambiance were all outstanding.  I highly recommend giving it a try just for the experience.
4	Ahhhh... after being good all day and eating light as we were drinking our calories, we split the stroganoff. Excellent choice! Great spot!
3	Ok it's Vegas so take it with a grain of salt.  However, if you do stop by here, DO try the vodka flight.  DO try the caviar service.  Those were my highlights.  I had the USSR flight.  Definitely packs a punch.  My main was the stroganoff, which was good, but nothing mind blowing.  Pasta with beef in a creamy sauce.  Dessert was good too.  Our server was great as well.  He really knew his vodkas.  :). If you get a bottle, make sure you try drinking in the ice vodka locker with the fur coats and hats!
4	Alright, it's not that Russian ;) but! The decor is pretty dang sexy, the lighting will make anyone look their best and the booz selection... He'll yeah! Talk about a huge variety of vodka.We ordered the beef stroganoff, the lobster fetucini, tuna tartar, lobster bisk and the magic chocolate bar. We also got the two shots where you can take the actual shot glass home, it was a dangerous mix but I think it made jersey boys that much better lol if you go here, you have to try the vodka. the magic bar.... I still think about you often. Mmmmm, don't skip on the desert. Anyway, the serviced rocked, food is 3.5 stars, great atmosphere, awesome alcohol selection, yeah it's over priced, but it's bloody Vegas ;)I personally don't suggest this place for kids, it's more of a  "rekindle the spark" ( in Vegas) kind of thing.Cheers
4	The better half and I decided, on recommendations of friends, to pick Red Square as our destination for our evening on the town.  We were not disappointed.After dealing with a hostess, who didn't care that the OpenTable Reservation system had not worked for the past three days, we were seated at a very comfortable booth and our evening began.To start, we ordered the Siberian Nachos, which are just spicy enough with a touch of Wasabi and some delicious Salmon.I ordered a Kiev, which was good, but lacked the Banana taste it was alleged to contain.It was followed up with some "Pretzel Rolls" which had just the right amount of salt to offset the Alcohol in my Kiev.For an Entree, I ordered the Stroganoff. It was good, but not quite as wonderful as I had been led to believe.  I also tried the "Lenin's Kryptonite" which I enjoyed more than the Kiev, as it was slightly sweeter.Dessert was "Raspuin's Magic Chocolate Bar" which did not disappoint.  I'd never heard of "Peanut Butter Dust" before!As will all the Restaurants in Mandalay Bay, there is a price to be paid in the form of a high bill at the end. However, I was ultimately not discouraged and would very likely return again in the future.The waitstaff was exceptionally prompt, and our waiter was always present and happy to answer any questions we had.A great night overall!
5	I absolutely love this place. The decor is spot on for the theme, the service is stellar, food is tasty, and of course.... who doesn't love a 200+ VODKA LIST! I frequent this place regularly. The Chicken Kiev is very tasty, but you have to try the Salmon Kulebyaka! The salmon is cooked wonderfully with a puff pastry and a pilaf. If you have a chance and want to get some great photo opps, get into their Vodka Vault. Its set at 5 degrees has all the private vodka lockers of all their members. But the surprise is the giant block of ice that has the head of Lennon from the statue outside! Ask for Bree when you go in. She will take great care of you!
5	Red Square IS a fantastic , restaurant, but it is not authentic Russian food. The ambiance is beautiful.  It is dark with red lighting that gave me the feel of Russian clubs/swanky restaurants from movies. The service is in impeccable. My wife and I were seated promptly, then greeted by our server (Melissa) within minutes of sitting down. Melissa was very knowledgeable of the drink and food menu.  She was honest with her  opinions of the food she liked and disliked and gave both of us good drink recommendations.  The menu was amazing and my wife and I both ordered the tasting menu.  Each course on the tasting menu had 3 options to choose from.  After making our order the courses came out very well timed and Melissa was  always available.For two people with the tasting menu and drinks you can expect a high bill, but it is well worth it.  This is a restaurant that I would frequent often if I lived in Las Vegas.
5	Must try place at the Mandalay!  I can't really speak to any of the food but the calamari, which was just ok.  But the drinks we had were awesome.  My husband had the "around the world" flight of vodka's.  It was about $37 for four shots of vodka served in a red ice block. Each shot was from a different country and each had a very distinctive taste.  The hubby loves the Red Square and makes it a mandatory stop in our visits to Vegas.They have an incredible alcohol list to pick from and the nostrovia martini was to die for!
5	This is my favorite restaurant of all time.  Every time I go to Vegas I stop here and bring friends.  The Chicken Kiev is amazing.  It wouldn't be a trip to Vegas without it...and this is a celebrity hot spot especially on fight weekends at Mandalay Bay, the first time I went, I was standing next to George Clooney at the bar.
5	Probably the best Vodka bar in the country, if not the world.  They have every vodka imaginable and always provide blue cheese stuffed olives for your martini.  They have an ice bar that keeps your drink cold and an ice room that will transport you to Siberia!
5	My husband and I are from NYC and we go to Vegas every Memorial Day for an annual trip. That being said, I am very much a foodie and adore the fact that in NYC we have all the best restaurants in the world at our fingertips..HOWEVER, my absolute favorite part of our Vegas trip every year is our annual trip to Red Square. This restaurant NEVER disapoints. The food is absolutely outstanding and is time and time again, the best meal we have in Vegas. Last year we went to Cut, N9NE steakhouse, and a number of other 5 star Vegas restaurants and they could not compare to the quality of the food we had at Red Square.Our favorites are: the Siberian Nachos, the pelmeni (which are small, melt in your mouth beef dumplings, the borscht and the Beef strozapretti and the Red Square filet mignon (which are beyond delicious). And the drinks, of course, are incredble.The atomosphere is sexy and romantic, with just enough kitsch to make it fun.Red Square is a MUST while in Vegas. You definitely won't be sorry!
4	So were in vegas for my moms 60th. And she is russian, so we figured well make her feel at home, so we took her there. Great reviews, so we did it. It was very good. The siberian nachos ( my mom grew up in siberia. She says she never saw nachos there before.. Hahaha) the Roquefort filet was great and perfectly cooked, the chicken kiev was good.. Everything was good. Friendly staff, and they helped us charge our blackberries. Spasiba! (Thanks in russian...) A lot to eat in vegas, so not sure if and when ill be back, but if I'm in the same hotel again, we may do that. Also, great drinks, and we almost got a bottle to keep in this frozen room, but we ended up ordering the chernobyl and some others, and they were strong enough!
3	This restaurant was recommended to us by a friend but even though we were not disappointed, I would not rank this as an unqualified success. First we had two dirty Gin Martinis and then we both has the Borscht soup which is not shown on the menu - just ask for it. This was very good  and we would rate with the better ones we have had. I also took six oysters as my appetizer which I really enjoyed - sweet and succulent!. My wife had the Scottish Salmon which was excellent. I had some sort of fish but cannot remember which one. That, together with a bottle of wine made for a nice dinner - but not an exceptional one,  given the price range. The ambiance was fine but clearly, despite its name, this is not a true Russian restaurant. Would we go back? I guess not - for the cost I can think of better restaurants.
4	Did the tasting menu which was actually very good at a reasonable price.  Decided to try the wine pairing with it which was not nearly as good.  As many others have listed here, the Siberian Nachos and the Roquefort Filet are amazing.  The service was fantastic as well and I would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for the weak wine pairing.
5	we ate here on Monday night and it was one of the best meals we have had in Vegas.We started with the Siberian Nachos.  They are so good if you like smoked salmon.  It comes with six nachos.For entrees I had the beef tip stroganoff thing and it was super yummy.  :)My boyfriend had the special that was a filet with crab on top and some kind of sauce.  He liked it a lot.For dessert we had Rasputin candy bar and it sounds like there is a lot of chocolate in it, but it's not over powering.This place was great and the cocktails were phenomenal.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone because it is great.  Also, the inside of the restaurant is really cool and the wait staff is amazing.
3	i'm surprised by all the 5 star reviews...  Went in May of 2011we ordered the following:calamari (nothing special)tuna tartare (had better)siberian nachos (this was pretty good)surf and turf (definitely had better) - lobster was tough and dry, steak was soft but overcooked.  i asked for med rare and it was medium.dessert didn't come out fast enough so we left.all in all this was pretty average dining in vegas.  the meal was comped too so for me to say it was average means... it was average!  the service, however was above average.  our server was very knowledgeable.
3	I really liked this bar. It had a cool atmosphere and good drinks.I don't exactly remember what I had but I remember it being some kind of pineapple mojito with absinthe in it. It was sooooo yummy!
3	In SOVIET RUSSIA, Red Square reviews you!  Went to Red Square (inside the Mandalay Bay hotel and casino) twice over an extended Memorial Day weekend holiday.  The first time was for dinner and moderate drinks:  The food at Red Square is fairly average.  If you are looking for food indicative of the people and their culture, you have come to the wrong place.  The Siberian Nachos (smoked salmon, wasabi cream, and chives on top of a wanton chip--surely a traditional staple of the Gulag) were surprisingly good.  My entree of Strozapretti Stroganoff, however, was far from anything special and, to top it off, came to the table seeming like it had been sitting around for a while.  Orders of caviar come with a full array of traditional condiments--blini and toast points, creme fraiche, crumbled egg whites and egg yolks from a hard boiled egg, chives, and onions.We returned to Red Square to fully indulge in the restaurant's vodka menu--which is extensive.  We took a pass on paying "bottle service" prices to visit the private vodka vault and instead ordered shot after shot after shot after...you get the picture.  Red Square is definitely the place to go if you're looking to try a lot of different vodkas.  2 oz. shots were in the $11 to $30 range (for the high end vodkas).  I'd suggest doing one of the higher end samplers if you're looking to try the pricey stuff.Service was friendly, and the decor, while Vegas cheesy (featuring a big Communist mural on the wall and a headless statue of Lenin in front of the restaurant) was fun.
4	Came here dinner for my sister's wedding. Service and staff were very friendly and did not seeemed over whelmed by our huge group. Ambiance was nice....a little too much red but hey what do you expect with a name like the Red Square. Cocktails were great and the food was even better. Never thought I would be a fan of Russian or Russian inspired cuisine, but I was pleasantly surprised. I'm a fan!
2	The drinks were good, but the atmosphere was well...bleak.  Didn't order food, just bellied up to the bar.  The bar tender was okay, not particularly friendly for Vegas (although to be fair, I was a bit overserved at this point and probably a little surly myself).  I just recall looking around thinking that we came for the kitsch value, the kitsche was supposed to be in the form of a Lenin bust, but apparently they've removed it from the outside.  Otherwise, the red menus not withstanding, there is nothing interesting or exciting about this place.  Maybe they were staying a little "too true to its theme"?
1	Disregard their posted hours because they do too!Wifey and I made the trek from the Hilton, all the way to Mandalay Bay to visit our favorite vodka bar, only to find out that they decided to close an hour early. According to the girl that came rushing to the door, Red Square closes whenever they want depending on how busy they are! Don't advertise your closing time when in reality it doesn't matter at all!
5	OMG.... this place reeks deliciousness... no joke!Came here for a late dinner on Sunday and loved the ambiance.  One thing about Vegas is your never disappointed by the outrageous decor.. I literally felt like I was in Dracula's castle, in a good way of course :)Waitress was super friendly and knowledgeable.  We started off with 3 appetizers (Russian Nachos, Foi Gras, and Steak Tartare).The Russian Nachos were beautifully done and super tasty.  It had a tiny bit of spiciness which boosted the flavor of the fish eggs on the sashimi.  The steak tartar was phenomenal as well.  After the waiter mixed everything (onions, egg, peppers, etc) it was like a fiesta in your mouth.  You literally could not stop eating it.But the best.. yes.. the foi gras... YUMMMMMM.. it literally was like meat flavored butter.. just melted in your mouth type of goodness...Then came the entrees!  I ordered the jumbo prawns with a lemon risotto cake bake.  It was very flavorful, but light compared to the appetizers and very enjoyable.I would definitely recommend this hot spot and plan on coming back in the future.
4	What an unexpected great experience at Mandalay Bay. The host was fantastic, my waiter was attentive without being annoying, and the food was extraordinary. The restaurant has a stunning vodka collection, and I enjoyed the habernero infused vodka in the house special Bloody Mary. I then had the salmon at the waiter's suggestion. It was perhaps the best salmon dish I've had, with a generous portion served with a sauce over polenta. The atmosphere, the service and the food all were excellent at a reasonable price, and I'd go there again.
5	If you are looking for a bar to get a good vodka drink and relax then this is the best place in Vegas.  I have to say that every time I come here I sit at the ice topped bar and get the Chernobyl.  It is the best in Vegas.  Drink two of these and you are good.  Food is also good but a bit overpriced.
4	I loved Red Square, everything from the decor to the food to the waiting staff. We were checked on continuously and even though I wasn't hungry, I was salivating at the food that was brought out.Lobster with pasta noodles. Mm... Delicious! I do not regret coming here at all.But sadly there is a drawback. Super expensive. Not a place for the faint walleted. Since everything in Vegas is so expensive, you may want to decide where you want to spend all your money!
4	Good food, but we've had better. If you enjoy vodka then this is your place. My crab linguine was excellent.
4	If you're looking for a stylish place to grab a vodka drink, Red Square is a great place to meet a date or business partners. They really run with the gimmick, including a vodka vault that you can gain access to by purchasing a bottle of (overpriced) vodka and donning oversized fur coats. Signature cocktails run around $14, bottles of Smirnoff start at $200, plus there is food if you choose to be seated at a table. They have an ice bar and really great decor but, if you're looking for something truly authentic (including any Russian beers other than Baltika), you won't find it here. Still, I recommend it!
5	Red Square will not disappoint. The decor is very seductive, like you're in Russia with the heavy guilded fixtures and red lighting. Our waiter, Joe, was so personable and knowledgeable. He recommended the Zyr vodka, which I had mixed with soda. Smooth and addictive. The tuna tartare appetizer is heaven. The fish is fresh and the caviar egg on top was a nice Russian twist. They drizzle the plate with wasabi infused creme fraiche, which complimented the tuna beautifully. The goat cheese fritter over field greens with raspberry vinaigrette was also very good. Hubby had the surf and turf with melted blue cheese. It was incredible. Being from NY, Joe warned us not to order the lime meringue topped cheesecake, but I didn't listen. Unfortunately, it was bland. He immediately offered to take it off our bill. What a nice touch considering I may not have even asked.
4	If you were hoping to get a real taste of Mother Russia, this is probably not the place to do it.  If you want a fun and different atmosphere, and or you like vodka and or caviar, this is definitely the spot for you.I had the best stroganoff I have ever had in my life (covered in shoe string potatoes - WHAT?) and will probably dream about it for the rest of my life.  The hand rolled noodles were a great touch.
1	Went back a week ago to try this place again.  The hostess was rude, lazy and useless and did not fit a "Russian" restaurant.  We were ready to spend $150 for two at this place and they could not even do the simple job of making us feel welcomed.
4	Red square is in the Mandalay bay and is worth the visit.  It has nice decor and the staff is really friendly.  Love the bar!! What is better than a vodka bar with an iced top to keep you drink cold??  I also had the chernobyl drink (I think the name says it all) haha.We ate dinner as well.  The salmon nachos were awesome and so was the filet with blue cheese.  I would definitely come here again!
4	Well, more 4.5 stars....Red Square... the restuarant that has something for everyone. I came here for my wedding dinner. Staying in the Mandalay Bay, we wanted a place which could accomodate gluten intolerants, a vegetarian, children, and a steak loving husband. Red Square was literally able to accomodate all off one menu.We had a table for 12 which I was pleasantly unexpected was semi-private. The lighting was adjustable which was awesome as we got to somewhat pick our mood. We ordered a few bottles of wine from the extensive wine list and each bottle was amazing. Somewhat annoyingly though, the gluten intolerants and vegetarian had to take turns with the special menu as they only brought the one. I skipped appies (having to not have my dress burst at the seams and all), and had the Filet Mignon for my entree. I'm not a huge red meat eater, but this was a fantastic dish I would order again.  My husband was in steak heaven. All children ate. Gluten intolerants (myself included) were happy), and even the vegatarian was impressed. Dessert was Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee which I now regularly crave and must go back there just to eat. Our server was good. He was  accomodating and friendly for the duration of the meal (we were there for about 3 hours), my only complaint was we had a bit of a slow start... I got a little bit impatient waiting to order wine, however after that he was much prompter.
4	Boyfriend and I had dinner here on a recent Vegas trip.  It was great.  We were seated quickly and the waiter was very attentive.We had a flight of flavored vodkas.  I had chicken kiev which was great.  Boyfriend had strogonoff which was good but was hidden under a big pile of string fries.  Could have done with less of those. We shared Strawberries Romanov for dessert.  Very tasty!
5	great food, Vodka locker and one of the coolest decorated restaurants in VEGAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   A+++++
5	Wonderful is every way. We had terrific service from a waiter who even took a few seconds to engage in friendly chat. When I mentioned my allergy to garlic, he brought and entirely different menu of wonderful selections (that is the kind of "over and above" treatment that builds loyal customers). The food was marvelous! We had a stuffed portabello mushroom and the stroganoff and both were terrific. The portions are amble and the preparation and presentation are great. If I could afford a place like this on a regular basis, I would certainly go here often and at least try out some of the other dishes.If we ever visit Las Vegas again, we will certainly put this restaurant on our "must go there" list.
2	I tried the stroganoff. I was really disappointed. The stroganoff is prepared with beef tips in some sort of dark sauce with large, thick, mushy noodles. The sauce is not anything close to what one would expect for stroganoff. There was no hint of the sour cream flavor that is commonly used in stroganoff. The menu listed creme fraiche as being used. But, the sauce was so dark, that if creme fraiche was used it had to be a very small amount. The taste, color, and consistency of the sauce was more similar to beef stew. I did not like the Strozapretti noodles at all. The chef chose to use Strozapretti noodles instead of egg noodles. I am fine with making changes to improve things but  these noodles were thick, mushy and did not go well in this dish (think of big thick noodles inside your beef stew). I definitely would not order this dish again. I give the place a star for the ambience/bar and another star for service.
2	I love this bar but I had a terrible experience this past Wednesday evening. There were three managers drinking and standing at the end of the bar next to my friend and I that were making rude comments to us. I would think that managers would represent their establishment in a proper way instead of being complete assholes. I tipped well and even bought a shirt. I have to say though that our bartender Wells was awesome and has been the past three times I've been in. I will go back because I love this place but I hope the jerks in blazers won't be drinking while I'm there. Thanks Wells! You rock!
3	Went for happy hour.  They had 3 cocktails for $5 made with Finlandia Vodka and 5 food dishes for $5 each.  The cocktails they had were a pineapple, a wild berry and a spicy bloody mary.  I ordered the wild berry and my husband the spicy bloody mary.  The waiter accidentally brought me the pineapple and the bloody mary was to spicy for my hubby so we just traded.The major bummer was that I was so hungry and none of the 5 appetizers for $5 were vegetarian.
5	Great bar and restaurant in Mandalay Bay. They have several vokda samplers and a large selection of martinis. Sometimes martinis are made too strong but  I tried three martinis - Sputnik One, Lenon's Kryptonite and Natasha's Peach - and all were dangerously tasty. Also snacked on some truffle fries and they were very addictive. Couldn't stop eating them! I really liked the atmosphere too and the art was very cool. I would definitely go back!
4	I came here with my husband for their 5 for $5 happy hour deal. It was around 5pm, we had dinner reservations in a few hours but were a little hungry and the appetizers and cocktails were just the thing to tide us over until dinnertime.We tried the salmon blinis and a beef dumpling dish (the name of which escapes me). The portions were small, just right for a snack, but they were really tasty. I had a pineapple-infused vodka cocktail and my husband had the mango one, each mixed with cranberry juice. I liked both cocktails but mine was the best.Anyway, the food and drinks were good and the deal is pretty awesome for drinks and appetizers on the strip on a Saturday evening. If I ever again find myself in Mandalay Bay in need of a snack and some drinks, I will surely stop by for the happy hour special, and I think we might need to try the full dinner menu sometime, too!
5	We've been here a few times - very friendly folks, and it seems that the local management is very much involved with the place.  Note that although their webpage is on the Mandalay Bay website, they're actually not under that corporate umbrella, and the info on the page tends to be out of date.  Stop by the front desk or call to get the real details of their happy hour/etc.I keep coming back for the Beef Pelmeni on the bar menu - little warm beef dumplings in broth served with a yogurt sauce.Their cavi-hour is a good deal - during certain hours, it's a half ounce of caviar free when you get two drinks made with Russian Standard Vodka.  Sure - the drinks are not cheap - it's Las Vegas - but the Caviar actually makes this an excellent deal.They also have a small vodka vault.  Apparently, they rent out storage lockers in there, but you can also buy a bottle of vodka and spend some time in the vault in fur coats doing shots off the top of the decapitated head of the statue of Lenin they have out front.  They let you buy a half bottle ( still about $100 ) if there's only two of you, and you can take the part you don't finish home with you.  It's kind of cold in there, but a cool experience.  Our bartender came in with us and told us a little about the vault and the folks who pay thousands to store their vodka in there.Having been here a couple times now, I really like this place.
3	This review is for their happy hour.A couple friends recommended their happy hour, saying the 5 dollar vodka drinks and 5 dollar sliders were awesome, so we decided to check it out with a group of us looking for just that, drinks and appetizers. The afternoon we stopped by the bar was full, and the "Red Tables' they designate for happy hour were pretty much full. There was enough room for about half of us to sit down and order drinks. The wait staff did their best by bringing a couple more chairs to put on the ends of the tables, but there just wasn't enough room for a party of 12 to sit down and enjoy cheap vodka drinks and burgers. We did not want to order food if the seating arrangements were not going to work out. The drinks we had were very good by the way, and the servers were fast and friendly with the drinks and our check when we decided to move on. The rest of the tables in the bar area were empty, but they said they were for customers who were dining from the dinner menu, not the happy hour menu. Looking at the prices on their dinner menu, I can see that's where they are trying to make money. So why offer such an enticing happy hour, that runs longer than other bars and restaurants, if you can't accomodate the crowd? Will probably come back with my wife to actually get to try the happy hour menu, but wouldn't chance bringing a group again.
3	This review will be for 2 separate visits...once for dinner and once for the vodka vault.The food for dinner was ok,  nothing to write home about.  My friend got the tasting menu and said he liked it...i got the steak and it was pretty average.  I do recommend the siberian nachos though.   The vodka vault was really just a gimmick (and a ripoff, depending on how deep your pockets are).   You basically pay 200+ dollars for 1 bottle of vodka and you get to go inside this room that's basically like a freezer (10 degrees).  The missing head of the statue out front is encased in this plastic cube made to look like ice.  This is basically your table.   There was one ornate chair in the room and the room itself was tiny.   That's basically all that's in there.  If they had some ice sculptures or furniture made of ice that would have been much cooler, pardon the pun.Overall this place is decent,  it's really more of a straight vodka bar then a party spot
5	An amazing bar...especially for a couple or small group.  The ambience is perfect...and the bartenders are superb.  Great to have a special vodka cocktail (we like Reyka) , and if you're hungry, the food is amazingly good!  Try their bread rolls and Siberian nachos.  My husband and I LOVE this place!  One of the special places in LV that  you'll always remember :)
4	My boy and I stumbled into Red Square late Saturday night with the intent of "drinking with Lenin." This lounge boasts interesting Soviet-themed decor and a vast vodka selection. We sat at the bar, where drinks are made on an iced surface, and drank very strong martinis made with high end vodka.I ordered the infused vodka of the day as a martini, which was a spiced pear concoction and one of the more delicious martinis I've ever tasted. The bar staff are skilled and knowledgeable.Like most things in Vegas, you'll be paying a bit more than elsewhere, but the quality  is very good. We intend to go back for a vodka flight and to try some of the bites.
5	Twice I've had 5 star meals here. I enjoyed the New Year's fixed menu, choosing the filet, foie gras, and lobster bisque. A pinch of pepper by recommendation on the bisque made it really stand out. The staff are attentive, seating us earlier after we enjoyed the ice bar. The stroganoff here is wildly good as well.
4	Just finished a Russian language course and went to Vegas to relax after finals. Got ice wine last night as kitchen was closed. Came back for happy hour, got pepper vodka, beef dumpling and popcorn chicken. The place does look Russian and quiet to relax and eat or drink. I was tempted to do vodka flights, taste four shots of diff vodka but I didn't want to be drunk. Good if have a buddy to share flight. I had sweet wine/ice wine on their iced bar surface.  Minus a star for not having borscht or having more Russian feel.
5	A great time and good food. The bartenders were attentive, we were seated as per our reservation with no waiting, and the ice bar is pretty cool. We enjoyed the tasting menu of vodka as well as some martinis. The foie gras and the lobster bisque were excellent, the side asparagus was perfect, and the filet excellent. For what we ordered, we thought the price was right - this is high end food, you pay the price. We would absolutely go back. Moe the Bartender was very helpful as well!
4	For Happy Hour...I the cocktails were good, nice selection of savory vs sweet. We had apps, the pelmeni is a must try and the most Russian app in the menu. The mini blini were good but not the traditional texture that I enjoy. It was served w salmon and a touch of caviar. The caviar was OK - though my husband didn't care for it. He did like the fried chicken, it was spicey and crunchy - more typical of bar food. We passed on the calamari, the calamari had too many "tentacles" for our liking. We then split a dessert, very good. It was the chocolate bar. Get there early, it gets crowded. The wait staff is attentive and pleasant - and the ice bar is pretty cool. I like the chill atmosphere, no pun intended. We spent about $60, which is cheap for LV. We'll def return.
5	We had a really nice and memorable meal here while in Las Vegas.  Good food and drink and I loved the ambiance.  To start, my wife had a pomegranate martini and I went with the Russian Mary. (in my family, bloody marys are not just for brunch!)  I also had their standard Red Square martini, which was excellent.  We thought about doing the tasting menu, but it would have been just too much food.  We ended up splitting the crab-stuffed portobello mushroom to start, which was a good choice.  For dinner, we shared the butterfish and the stroganoff, with a side of asparagus.  Everything was delicious and we were too full for dessert, but it was a great meal!  I would be remiss if I didn't mention the excellent service.  Maybe I'm a jaded New Yorker, but all the waiters in Las Vegas are just so much friendlier!
5	Pretty spendy but totally worth it.  We've been to our share of eateries/drinkeries on the Strip that offer little more than a gimmick, but Red Square actually delivers the goods when you step inside for dinner.Our server was top-notch.  Our food was top-notch (we are picky about seafood, being from the Pacific NW, but we ordered seafood entrees and they were some of the best we've had).  I ordered a vodka flight, and it was top-notch, served in a brick of ice with little holes drilled out for the vodka glasses.The "gimmick" of this place is Communist Russia, which kind of appealed to me although I can't imagine the offerings here would have been readily available in Soviet Moscow (outside of the good vodka, of course).  We completely enjoyed ourselves during our evening here, and that's the important thing.
3	Food is ok. Service is very slow and waiters are ill informed about Russian cuisine.
5	They had a great deal on their appetizers and infused vodka drinks.   The food and drinks were very good, and our waiter was very knowledgeable and helpful.  I can't wait to go back next time for dinner.  Make sure to have the Kobe Beef Sliders and Beef Pelmeni !!
5	This place was recommended to me by a friend who had only had the cocktails at the bar but said it was worth trying the various vodkas.  We thought well, as long as we are doing it we should get a dinner reservation.  This is located in Mandalay Bay near the wedding chapel, my friend said after he took his girlfriend there she wanted to go over to the chapel and get married so, folks, be aware of that potential hazard.We entered in and walked through the bar to the dining area.  The dining area and bar was decorated with interesting Russian theme chandeliers and other decor.The YS ordered a flight of vodka (four shots) that came in a red square of ice to keep it chilled.  That was the most fun trying all of those and the cool way they had of presenting it.We of course being the model customers had to have drinks, dessert and appetizers because you know that's where they make their money.  It was all so eloquently done we hardly minded the $200 that was to come by later.  This was a Tuesday night and early (by Vegas standards 6pm) so we had a few other tables near us but not a packed house, which was nice.Joseph was our server and he completely knew his craft and he was present without being invasive.I had salmon and it was quite well prepared and not overpriced.All in all I would try it again when I'm on the south end of the strip.
4	Seeing that the theme was very Russian, we wanted to try some Russian food, and were surprized to learn they really only had one dish, stroganoff, that would fall under that category.  We ordered that, along with a CZar salad, and both were very good!  I really liked the unique way the CZar salad was served!  Service was good, and the Zyr Russian Vodka Martini was the best!
5	Came in just for the vodka...the vodka flight even changed my fiances mind forever on vodka, he thought vodkas were all horrible since he only ever tried smirnoff  & cheapy ones. I've always been a fan and love dirty vodka martinis. The bartender was such a cool guy and told us alot about various vodkas. I love the iced bar top. If your a vodka fan this place is a must!
4	Love this place for its red colored lighting and iced down bar.  Try to stop in every time I visit Vegas as it doesn't disapoint.  Just a nice lounge to relax in.  The staff is very knowledgeable and quick to offer suggestions.  Last Sat night they were running their infused vodkas, buy one, get the 2nd free.  I went with the Pinapple, so good, not overly sweet and served straight up in a martini glass.  Friend had a Bloody Mary (good) & we ordered the Siberian Nachos & Kobe Beef Sliders.  Excellent and perfect sized (smaller) portions.  Spendy but worth the treat!  Our bill came to about $60 for 2 (+1) cocktails and the 2 starters.
4	Great food great service great atmosphere, was very pleased
5	THAT FIVE FOR FIVE DEAL. Man oh man...I could eat those sliders and truffle fries for days!The pineapple vodka cocktail isn't too shabby either, especially for $5
1	.... Sorry, but the Red Square is not good anymore.  The food is tired and poor quality.  I had the worst lobster bisque in my life.  The Calamari was icky and the main courses were even worse.   They need a refresh...... I feel bad giving it a one star because our server was wonderful.
1	I attended a work dinner here at Red Square at Mandalay. The waitstaff was friendly but very inept. They delivered a wine that was two years more recent than ordered and continued to bungle. The stroganoff was not as food as the hamburger helper version. I'd avoid this place, especially for the money.
1	I read somewhere that this was the best bar in Las Vegas and when I went to finally try it I don't see how that could be.  It was a Friday night at around 11:30 or 12 am and we were met at the entrance with someone with their hand up saying that they were closed. A bar in Vegas closed at 12 am in Vegas??  There were like 20 people in the bar. Long story short I will never go there again.
4	Came here for happy hour and really enjoyed the $5 appetizers, especially the dumplings and popcorn chicken.  They have a very impressive vodka list.  My biggest complaint is that being a vodka bar, they should have a couple more happy hour cocktail specials!  Had a regular priced chocolate and espresso martini, and while they were delicious I wish they would have been a little easier on my pocket given it was happy hour!  The food and drinks were all really good though and I would come back!
4	What's that you say? Delicious cocktails (highly recommend the spicy bloody mary) and bar grub (sliders and calamari are excellent) for $5 between 4-7pm in an opulent cold-war decorated Disneyland? I'm all in!
3	Cool indoor bar (no windows or outside seating) has an ice bar.   Better bars to go for a drink in Mandalar, like Mix and Foundation Room
5	It was awesome, service is what you expected from this type of restaurant.The atmosphere was very differant and fun.I hope they are around for a long time to come.
4	Only reviewing the Happy Hour (5 for 5) specials.  Drinks were decent (bloody mary and pineapply infused vodka) and the calamari was pretty good.  Pretty dead at the bar at 4ish on a Sat (just the way I like it, but your taste may differ).  Overall I would recommend for happy hour.
5	Not only is the ambiance of the Red Square fantastic, the food was just as good.  Reasonably priced for a Vegas restaurant, the experience was just great for our entire party.
3	Come for the drinks and ignore the foodGood service, but the food leaves a lot to be desired. Chicken Kiev is a very Russian type dish. Dry and not very well out together. The dumplings are the best ap.All in all, great bar scene and so so dining experience.Get the ultimate vodka flight and go home.
3	I think that I might have been a wee bit tipsy when I came here.  I did not have any food, but I got all squeenty-eyed drinking a potato vodka flight.  I'll admit that it was a bit weird having Lenin's head staring at me from behind the bar, having grown up in a time when we were taught that the Russians were just one itchy trigger finger away from blowing all of us up.  I kinda felt like he wanted me to rise up and revolt or something.  I think we chose to catch a cab back to the hotel instead.  We'll save the revolt for another day.
3	If you like Vodka, they have plenty over here.If you like Osetra Caviar.. they have a ton over herePlenty of famous people. While at the bar, there was a bald dude that was a splitting image of Lenin himself.Later, I spotted the manager.  He looks exactly like Quagmire from the Family Guy.Not too shabby for a drink, but move on and head over to the EyeCandy lounge in the same area for more fun.
4	All we did here was drink!  But they were good.
4	I was there for a work dinner and overall, it was a very nice surprise.  I like vodka and vodka aplenty they have.  I tried the Lenin Kryptonite.  It was great.  Belvedere, sour apple, orange and pineapple juice, a splash of sierra mist and something else.  All the people that ordered the filet loved it.  I had the stroganoff.  It was good but a little salty.  The atmosphere was a little dark, we had to use our phone lights to read the menu, but after ordering and a couple of drinks, it was perfect.  It's a great place to stop if you don't want to leave Mandalay Bay or the Hotel for dinner.
3	Definitely get the Russian Standard Martini if you are a fan of straight up drinks with no frills.  After a couple of these I was stumbling out the door :)Also tried the Siberian Forest martini...I wouldn't recommend it.  It wasn't fruity and refreshing like I expected...it tasted more artificial and overly sweet.My friends got the kobe sliders...they were pretty convinced it wasn't actually Kobe beef.  Bottom line, go for the simple drinks cuz, welllll...they get the job done.
5	(Happy Hour Review) Amazing service, food, and drinks! We had a group of 6 and ordered multiples to sample the sliders, beef dumplings, calamari, popcorn chicken, and  salmon. Everything was delicious, but the sliders were the standout favorite--best slider ever! I had two of the pineapple drinks available for happy hour...yummy, but a little too much juice for me. I will def be back next time we're in town. :)
4	This place has the best drinks in town! They always have some kind of infused vodka that is to die for. The food is heavy and amazing. Truffle pasta and beef stroganoff are the best
5	Their $5 for 5 appetizer is great value and great taste.. Very good
2	Now I know why people said to go here for the drinks, not the food.ONE WORD: SALTY I ordered the beef stroganoff and my bf got the special of the night which was filet topped with crab and a bernaise sauce.  SALTY...all of it. It's hard for me to enjoy my food when it's overly salted because you cannot fix it.  I think the stoganoff still would've tasted average if it wasn't sodium packed.  The cut of meat for the filet was good and cooked to our liking but it was $50...Just not worth it.  The stroganoff was $29.  I could've made that at home for $5. BOOOO! I'm usually not this harsh with my food reviews but I cannot justify paying that much money for what we got.  So as others have said, drink here but don't eat.  Damn you headless Lenin statue for drawing us in...
5	I can't believe that I have never eaten here before...It was just a good stop for drinks.I tried the Strozapretti Stroganoff and Black Truffle and Lobster Fettuccine.The BLACK TRUFFLE AND LOBSTER FETTUCCINE was friggin AMAZING!!!I highly recommend it.  Warning: it's a little pricey but totally worth the $33.Save some bread for some sopping at the end... or licking ur plate is an option too =Pthey also have some kind of happy hour special until 7pmGreat service too!!
4	I had the chocolate martini and what's cool is that once you are done w/ the drink (or not), there is a thin square piece of white chocolate in the drink for you to enjoy.  I fished mine out before finishing the drink and dropped on the floor *sad* so we asked for another piece.  The bar counter top is iced-out and the bartender was chill.  The atmosphere is intimate and extremely cozy... the lighting can sure make a big difference in setting the ambiance.My chocolate martini was strong in my eyes.  I don't drink but it would have been a waste to go to a bar just to order an iced water or a diet soda.
4	Good pelmeni.  Bad cocktailsthe pelmeni are about the only good russian food that is pretty close to authentic.  everything else is whatever.  the beef stroganoff was okay.  dont order cocktails off the menu...they were all soooo gross!  waste of money.  stick to the vodka vault.
2	They don't know how to pair vodka with their caviars. Unless it is already in the pairing flight menu, which they probably asked a consultant to create, don't ask the staff to think or know anything about food and drink pairings. It felt like being served by some very nice but very local-yokel college students.
3	I really felt like I was in a real Vodka bar in Russia here. They have a big plank of ice that runs down the center of the bar. You sit your cocktail on it and it stays cold. Unfortunately, the server also sat our plate of calamari on it and it got really cold too fast. Faster than we could eat them. Don't let that mistake happen to you. We only stayed for happy hour. That is a good deal here. Very good deal. Don't miss happy hour.
4	The experience at Red Square is more about the atmosphere than the food, but the food holds it own considering how fab the interior is. They have pulled off the Russian theme without being overly-kitschy. Lots of red, Lenin references, a bar made of ice, and a vodka list that will turn you into a martini convert. We all opted for the caviar starter, and the tasting menu which had classic steakhouse roots with a little Russian flair thrown in for fun. Prijatnovo appetita!
4	Love the martini bar here, great infusions.
5	The atmosphere in this lounge/bar is very intimate, yet inviting and comfortable.  The bar top is iced keeping your drinks cold, and the furnishings are very tastefully done in subdued shades of red and dark wood tones.  The bartenders are very knowledgeable and love to suggest new and exciting vodka creations.  The best drink by far is the spicy bloody mary special complete with several cheese-filled olives which can be had during happy hour for $5.  Also they serve some amazing sliders during that time from 4-7 which are also $5 along with truffle fries.  You can get very fancy and spend more money if you choose to take a seat at a table and order from their menu of specialty Russian food and drinks.  Do not miss the Red Square.
4	Red Square is another good place for happy hour in Mandalay Bay.  I love that the bar is cold, so as not to warm your drinks.  That's a great idea.  I had whatever was on happy hour special, and remember it being strong.  Plus, I also ordered calamari, which for $5 was fine, but nothing special.  Though that was also placed on the ice, so it chilled fast. It was just something  to go along with our drinks so that we would not end up too drunk.  But the drinks (I think I had three) were great, and I'd return anytime.
5	I came here one night for a drink. Communist decor is one of my guilty pleasures, so I just sat around and looked at my surroundings. :) The drink I got was delicious, although I don't remember the name of it. X) Now, where else can you find a restaurant & bar with a headless Lenin statue?
1	China Grill Mgmt sold its stake in Red Square to Light Group, because Mandalay Bay is having Light Group take over  a number of their restaurants in their "restaurant row". No more China Grill. No more "Red White & Blue". And no more "happy hours" or "specials", particularly at Red Square.I loved Red Square's "Cavihour", a cheap happy hour (cheap for the Strip) where you got a 1/2 oz of american caviar with the fixin's (blinis, creme fraische, toast points, shallots, it was terrific) for the price of 2 shots (or cocktails) of Russian vodka. It was so much fun. Cheesy, yes, but fun.But tonight, I found out, the Cavihour is dead. As are all happy hours previously run by China Grill Mgmt, at Red Square.We are very sad locals.So long live Cavihour! We shall never return to Red Square.
4	I was a little hesitant about this place since I'm kinda picky with food, but I must say that I was impressed.  I had the Chicken Kiev and it was quite good, albeit a little small.  Highly recommend the potatoes as a side item.  Our dessert took a really long time to come out -- we had the s'mores creme brulee -- but when it did, it was worth the wait.  The manager also felt so bad that she bought us shots which was really nice.  The atmosphere was really cool and unique too.  Loud music made talking difficult but it was just a fun place to go.  I would definitely go back.
5	Thank you for making this such an amazing evening.  The service & food were spectacular, making it a restaurant that will be at the top of our list for a long time.
1	All show. Don't go.The food is just so so.  The service is atrocious. When we asked if the poor service was due to short staffing that evening we were told no.  We got no apology or explanation.
5	Elegant but lively atmosphere- vodkas from all over the world, and a bar made of ice!
2	Red Square was one of my favorites. Wonderful food, top notch service and the best vodka drinks around. I was excited to have my kids with me in Vegas and wanted to treat them at one of my favorite restaurants. I raved all about it. We were told the restaurant had been sold and there were many changes. None of which seemed to be for the better. The signature beef stroganoff was horrible. I was told the old owner/management would not disclose the recipe so that was the best they could do. The appetizer skewers were burnt and you couldn't even tell what kind of meat you were eating. The steaks were just steaks. Nothing to write home about. My son had the shrimp, which he said were tasty. There was just no atmosphere. No dining experience like before. It was just a restaurant. The service was so lacking. Our waitress didn't know what she was doing and we were completely ignored. Almost three hours in that place. We were told there was a new system in place and everyone was trying to get use to it. What??!!! Why do I care about a new system!  We paid well over two bills to be subjected to poor training and mismanagement. Oh and one more thing, this restaurant isn't a 21 and over establishment. So please hostesses, pull you dresses down just a tad. I don't like having to see the crotch of your underwear, if you're wearing any, as you strut around half dressed. I'm not a prude, granted it is Vegas, but not whilst I'm eating and certainly not in front of my two teenage children. A little class ladies. Sadly, Red Square and my memories of the intermezzo's, wonderful beef broth soup with pillows of goodness and the creamy, melt in your mouth stroganoff and wait staff that was the best around is a thing of the past. Crossing off Red Square and added the Burger Bar. Who said change was a good thing?
4	We went only for dinner; no drinks.  I love that this restaurant has booths; many in Vegas do not.  I also like the dim red lighting, and the candles on the tables.  Very romantic for a casino restaurant!  I am also a fan of the casual ambiance and dress code.  There are not many places where you can wear jeans to a $$$ dinner on the Strip.  I found the prices to be reasonable for a casino restaurant.  For appetizers, I had the salad with arugula and walnuts, it was delicious, and DH enjoyed the lobster bisque.  Between this and the yummy pretzel rolls, we were getting full before our main courses.  I ordered two lobster tails with asparagus and wild mushroom risotto.  Wow!  It was *almost* too much lobster to finish.  The risotto was too heavy and meh, so I didn't eat it; just picked out the mushrooms.  DH had some sort of steak and enjoyed it.  We shared their "candy bar" dessert, it was incredible - tasted like a frozen snickers bar with strawberries.  A delicious, decadent dinner, for sure!  I would definitely return, especially when the casino is paying for it :) and it is my only meal of the day!!  I think it is one of the most underrated casino restaurants in Vegas.
1	This place is dark. Loud music, loud obnoxious people comes here....food was terrible.  We got the calamari and it was made not like the usual crispy nice dip...it was soggy and spicy.  The two steak was order was ok...the more you took a bite of it...the more you didn't want to eat it.  My boyfriend and I didn't even eat a 1/3 of the steak and was done with it.  It was really salty.  All of their special sauce was very plain and weird.  Our bill was over $100 and it was terrible.  Never come here to eat.  I heard vodka cocktails are good here...I'm allergic to vodka...so doesn't benefit me here. Never coming back....waste of time and money.
3	Whew, $10 for a whiskey ginger ale and $18 for a martini.  We must be in Las Vegas. Oh wait, yes we are.  Red Square is worth it for the ambiance, if you ask me.  I'd like to have seen more of what they had to offer.  The "ice bar" that gets a lot of hype isn't as impressive as it sounds.The staff were pretty slow - I think 3 of them behind the bar, and we waited 10 minutes before being served and once our orders were taken they were in no rush to serve either.  Tipped minimally, but otherwise they weren't jerks or anything.  It's not like they were busy, either - it was a Tuesday night in February.  I'm being kind of hard on them, but we did have fun and it's a neat theme.  We did not go back in the vodka room, though.  Maybe next time.
5	Food is very good....we pretty much ordered every appetizer & dessert on the menu and loved them all.  Russian Vodka is lights out and 5/7 of us don't drink.  We went into the 5 degree Vodka Vault and had a blast wearing the Russian Hat & Thick Fur Coats.  Great team building place.  Very good servers , great service.  We went there two nights in a row and made the Chef come out!  She was a sweetheart and took pics with our crew.  Had so much fun!
4	Impeccable service! We had four different people tending to our table, but it wasn't in-you-face service, very classy. The food was prepared perfectly, and the portions were one the larger side; we ate it all, but shouldn't have. The music is louder than normal fine dining, but not blaring, mostly alternative. The reason it's five stars is because they stopped making the signature espresso martini, the perfect get-you-moving for hours drink. That's why we go there! I was in total disbelief and thought, Patrick, our server, was joking. Sad.
5	Just finished eating here for me and my dudes 1 year! Was greeted by a lovely host, sat us in a booth. Walked into a dim red dining room with a beautiful chandelier to state at. Then our server (can't remember his name) came and greeted us and gave us a rundown of the drinks menu. He was so kind! so right away, I liked this place. Customer service was amazing, attentive, and kind. Waters were always filled and he always came to check on us. Great server you have red square! But I can't remember his name haha.For food!!! We ordered the calamari as our appetizer. nice and crisp just the way i like it... with an amazing spicy pepper sauce. my fatty self was drooling for more! also had some goat cheese salad... at first i thought it was strange...but the more i ate it..the more i loved it! had a lemony dressing with onions, apples, and fried goat cheese. everything blended well together. Now for my entree... i ordered the filet mignon with a side of the smoked mashed potatoes. Holy cow was it cooked to perfection. The two steak sauces they give you are exquisite. Mashed potatoes went perfect with my filet mignon. You will not be disappointed if you choose the filet mignon here.  I give Red Square 5 stars.. Perfection! :)
2	Oh! Old Red Square; I mourn you. We head to Vegas at least twice year and ritually used to kick off our trip with kick ass double martinis and caviar at Red Square every time. Gone are those great martinis,  replaced by over iced,  over priced weak drinks and tiny portions of caviar. Gone too is the caviar hour. Boo!The service is still good and I actually prefer the new menu, but we are going to have to find a new spot. Major bummer.
5	I love vodka. Martini's are serious business to me. Why Red Square wins:1. headless two story Lenin.2. Mink, real hunted down and de-furred, coats. 3. Vodka flights x 5. 4. Ice bar. If I'm anywhere near Mandalay Bay, I will be at this bar at some point on my trip comrade.
3	This spot is quite outdated. But I do think it's worth the outing at least once to this Mandalay Bay restaurant. You can easily tell the space has been around for a while and once upon a time it was a novelty.  I've never really seen it fill up. It's quite large with high ceilings. But I have to say the food is pretty great. The service is notable and we left completely satisfied with our dinner. The prices tend to be on the higher side though. All in all, was a pleasant dining experience. For a fun apperitif ask to do a Vodka shot (they have a huge selection) with a fur hat and coat off of the frozen head of  Lenin. It's the touristy Vegas thing to do!
3	Meant to try Red Square for a while (Vodka is my drink) and finally did this week with a group of friends. The place is fun, nice ambiance, good service and we had a good time here. As a tourist place in a large hotel, prices are expectedly high, paid $16 for my vodka... so nice but not cheap.
4	this place was really cool. Its ww2 russian themed complete with ice vodka bar caviar tasting. Unique appetizers At the first glance, it appears to look like a club. The hostesses dress up in mink coats and heels, the waiters and waitress are dressed up in officer's uniform gear .. pretty sick. The atmosphere was really chill and it was pretty upscale. Although the portions weren't as filling as you would expect, you still get to taste a majority of the dishes which ranges from $10-30 per plate.
4	We are four flight attendants, we all Yelp; we meet in Las Vegas twice a year. We always try to visit two new (to us) restaurants (recommended by passengers) and two past favorites in our four day stay. This year the Red Square, Mandalay Bay, was on our 'new' to do list.We arrived at 7pm on a Thursday night and were seated on time by a friendly hostess. The ambiance is vibrant, quirky and warm, beauty as they say, is in the eye of the beholder. The famed ice bar was mobbed, consequently, we had a variety of cocktails at our table, try Vladimir's apple sour.  We know now for future visits to make a reservation for martinis in the vodka vault, looks to be a truly unique setting. The only downside to an otherwise perfect evening was that the noise level was high. I guess that's the sound of success. Our servers Megan and Alexandra were a credit to their profession. Informative, efficient and happy. We had an array of appetizers: We splurged with a taste of caviar and also loved the smoked salmon pizza, tuna tartare, meatballs (yes, meatballs) and Siberian nachos. Nice presentation and tasty. For dinner we ordered the beef Stroganoff, chicken Kiev, the tomahawk bone in rib-eye and salmon....again flavorful and cooked to perfection...one of the side dishes Brussel sprouts, delicious, even my kids would eat them. The bread pudding dessert, exceptional. The menu price point is fair and the portions good. The cocktails, vodka and wine selection with food pairings are presented on a video tablet. The wine selection offers a nice variety and reasonably priced.  Food aside, the most memorable part of the evening was the attentive service. Although they were extremely busy our servers, bus person and a very much 'hands on' manager, Mark, checked on our progress 2-3 times throughout the night. They genuinely cared if we were happy with our dinners and evening. We were thrilled! The Red Square is now on our favorite MUST visit and recommend list for Las Vegas!
5	Great experience overall! The service from the bar waitresses to the actual dinner servers was fantastic. Very attentive and even the hostess that sat us gave us recommendations based on what we were in the mood for. The black truffle and lobster fettuccine was delicious, and the other people in my party got a special filet mignon and lump crab meat dish and a scallops dish. I tasted the filet dish and it was fantastic and our other guest said the scallops were amazing. The pretzel bread was very good as well. Some of the best and most unique bread I've ever had at a restaurant. As for the drinks, they were very good! So many different options, especially if you like vodka. Every drink on the menu was something I'd never seen before. Great atmosphere as well. The booths are very cozy and comfortable. Overall the best dining experience I had in my trip to Las Vegas.
5	We had a great experience last night at Red Square.  The design is awesome with lots of drama.  It is pretty dark inside and had to use our iPhones to read the menu (and we 37 and 41).The bar features ever type of Russian vodka you could ever hope to try and have a vodka room that is freezing cold where drinks are surfed on top of Stalin's head.  I had the Moscow Mule and it was incredible!The menu is very simple with only a few items in each section to pick from.  Because the menu doesn't offer "everything" they really core down and focus on the flavor of their offerings.  I had the Beef Stroganoff: noodles were perfectly done and the beef literally fell apart using my fork with exquisite flavor.  My partner had the Chicken Kiev which had Lays chip crust and it was to die for.Our waitress was prompt and knowledgeable about the drink and food offerings.  Overall, we were not expecting a restaurant like this in a Vegas resort......GREAT JOB!!!!!
1	Used to look forward to coming here every trip to Vegas. No longer. There are new owners who have gotten rid of most of their former drinks. Happy hour wasn't happy. As I recall a strong vodka based martini at happy hour was around $10. My favorite was the Chernobyl. Now you have to order off an iPad menu that makes no sense (yes, I know how to use one as I'm writing this review on one). The specials were $6 wells or $8 glasses of wine. Hardly "Russian". Service was incredibly slow. The best help was from the bar back who would probably make a great bartender had he been an airhead with some surgical augmentation. They bartenders were great to look at but did not earn more than a minute tip from me (just enough to let them know I hadn't forgotten them). Needless to say, my wife and I left $60 poorer and still did not have a buzz.
5	I am so glad I opted to go here instead of eating at Mad Onion which was the plan initially. Since it was a last moment thing, we couldn't get a reservation before 9 but we got there early and the hostess was very nice and got us seated right away. The service was a little slow but it was very busy and they were very friendly. I ordered a mixed drink and didn't like it at all so I told our server and he replaced it right away, no questions asked. e had oysters and I have to say some of the best oysters I have ever had. I had the salmon with risotto and it was delectable. So good that I am at a loss for words to describe it. The creamiest risotto I've ever had. If you are in Vegas and want something fancy and good, this is a definite place to try.
5	What an awesome way to start the night. Just before going to work i came into just for appetizers and a few cocktails. The staff was great, the ambiance was phenominal and the drink prices were decent. i defiantly found a good place to bring dates or even a friend visiting. plus Light Nightclub is next door !!!!
5	We had to change our reservation twice en route from the Wynn as the traffic along the Strip was just awful, but the hostess helped us move it finally to late in the evening and the valet in the highly congested hotel parking area directed us to the correct West Valet lot.My wife ordered the shrimp cocktail and Kobe beef sliders off the appetizer menu and I had the Beef Stroganoff. All were excellent as were the pricy but great cocktails.  This may have been some of the best food we have ever had in Las Vegas.The restaurant was about 1/3 full when we arrived and most were at the bar.  The place is semi-dark and red with a Soviet decor that one might find in Mexico with lots of concrete and Russian looking symbols on the walls.  It was unlike any cafe/bar we had ever seen in our visits to Moscow and St. Petersburg.  Service was really good from the hostess to the server and support staff.  Because of the late hour, there was no noise or crowded problem so one could actually carry on a conversation.We will definitely return for special occasions and recommend it to our friends.
5	I really enjoyed this place!  My dinner started with a wonderful server, who offered us a Moscow Mule.  Definitely one of my favorites so far! I ordered the Filet, and my friend ordered the Beef Stroganoff.  Everything was delicious!  It was by far the best Beef Stroganoff that I have ever had.I cannot wait to return again!
3	Being a commie this place was a total must-do in Vegas....  Ha!  Seriously though- the Lenin statue outside is enough to pull me in anytime!  Ice bar is kind of cool, I have to admit.  I'm not a huge vodka drinker though so somewhat lost on me.  Beer selection (like the beer selection all up and down the strip) leaves something to be desired.  Cool little place to check out, good to hang out and avoid ridiculous lines for clubs elsewhere.  Roomy tables available.   Service is meh.
5	This is a really "cool" place to be for late night chat with your friends, or a meal! We went here twice during our stay in MB and fell in love with the place. It's a throwback to 1980/Commie Russia, complete with a frozen ice table at the bar, there's even Vodka bottles frozen in them. During Happy Hour when you order a drink you get a vodka tasting--be careful because it is STRONG! I also fell in love with duck fat fries--you haven't lived until you had duck fat fries! Yummy! Go there!
3	Ok interior. Average service. Cheap vodka in cocktails. Lazy bartender who gets 32 from multiplying 18 by 2.Will not stay in MB for a long time.
4	Pre-gaming before a concert, my friend and I decided to give Red Square a shot.I'm giving it a 4-star mainly for their happy hour. I think their happy hour pricing and the selection the offer for happy hour is really good for it being a restaurant in a casino on the strip. Their food menu actually has some good finds - salmon pizza, duck fat fries, meatballs, kobe beef sliders, etc. And the prices, again, for being on the strip are not bad. My friend and I shared the Duck Fat Fries with a side of aioli and tomato jam. Each dipping sauce added a little different taste to the fries. These fries are definitely an acquired taste and I wouldn't recommend them to anyone just desiring regular old french fries. Never the less I though they were tasty and the tomato jam was truly a different type of taste, one I've never really experienced before.Drink prices are also pretty decent. I had two glasses of pinot noir ($12). There are also well drinks and about four beers on the happy hour as well.My friend also ordered a blackberry and peach pie off the dessert menu. It came out as a round little personal pie, not a slice with a scoop of ice cream and caramel. Um, the caramel came out in a little pot and was solidified. I honestly think they forgot to warm it up so it would pour before they brought out the plate. The pie itself was quite tasty, nice crust, and the fruit inside was not overly sweet.The one thing here is service is a bit on the slow side, especially since it is packed during happy hour. My friend and I had to wave down the busser to get our check to our waitress who hadn't been back to our table to retrieve it. As we were trying to get to a concert this miffed us a bit. So just remember that when dining here. Overall I would come back here for happy hour and reccomend it to anyone seeking a happy hour that is a bit "different" on the strip.
4	They are under new ownership and I think the food and service have taken a slight step down but they are still very good. Had dinner there last week. The food was not as refined as I remember but I still liked it a lot and cleaned my plate. The drinks were good and our waiter was great.Went back last night just for cocktails. The bartender (female) had a bad attitude. I had to have her remake my drink because it was so bad. Never got a smile or "how is everything?" from her. BTW, our drinks were $20 each.
5	Limited, but great innovative menu.  Everything is probably something you've never had before and it's all good.  The cocktails are equally as imaginative.  I highly recommend Red Square.
2	The only things Russian about this place are it's decorations and a few of it's many vodkas.  The staff is not,  The chef knows very little about Russian dishes (special note.  THERE IS NO SUCH A THING IN RUSSIAN CUISINE AS SIBERIAN NACHOS), even their decorations where done by very uneducated people.  If you want to get plastered on overpriced vodka (from any country)  this is the place for you.  If you want Russian food.  Go somewhere else.
4	Filet mignon was excellent! Esp w the red wine demi sauce.  The filet was buttery soft n very tasty. Ordered the mashed potato side which was also good. Meatball and spicy chicken wing appetizers were very good. Moscow mule is their signature drink that is served in copper cups and are very refreshing. Good place for a casual meal.
4	Located inside Mandalay Bay with a huge headless Lenin right in front of the restaurant. I've celebrated my birthday here. Moscow Mule time!!! The interior is very interesting. It looks like a bodega with Russian propaganda posters.The memorable dishes (even after the mules) were salmon Kulebyaka and chicken Kiev.Salmon Kulebyaka:Dill-seared salmon filet with puff pastry, mushroom risotto and asparagus topped with American sturgeon caviar on dill-saffron Beurre Blanc. The salmon was cooked perfectly and was not dry. Nice textures here. Slight flaky crisp from the puff pastry, creamy risotto and a pop from the caviar. 5/5Chicken Kiev:Chicken stuffed with herbs, cheese with vegetable rice pilaf, mushrooms and port reduction. The chicken was good and nicely breaded. The sauce wasn't that great and not the same as the chicken Kiev sauce I've had anywhere else and chicken Kiev is one of my favorite dishes. 3.5/5Devils Food Nutella Cake:This Nutella freak approves this dessert. The cake is rich and has caramelized hazelnuts. YUM! 4/5I don't remember how good the service was. I blame it on the mules!
4	Awesome decor, great drinks and excellent food- we had a party of 10 people on a Sat night, no reservation, and got a big private table with a 10 minute wait.
3	Cool theme for a cocktail bar with icy bar & good drinks. A little pricey but they honored my gf's yelp deal without complaint. Staff was friendly and attentive. Atmosphere was pretty quiet compared to nearby clubss but it was a Monday. Excellent vodka selection. Would recommend coming back on the weekend.
5	The service was amazing, we went here for my friends birthday and had a 3 course meal. FOOD was to die for. I love how to location is close to LIGHT night club.
4	Located at Mandalay Bay. The bar is made of ice. Great martinis and they stay cold. The beef carpaccio appetizer was excellent.
4	The Cold War might be over but Red Square does a great job romanticizing Soviet Russia. The vibe is energetic and the poppy dance music seems to work.After you sit down you're offered an iPad to choose your drinks. I guess high tech accounts for the extra markup on the $19 cocktails.Food is great for the strip. The lobster tacos were fantastic although a bit small. The beef stroganoff was more like a pot roast with buttery egg noodles and a dollop of sour cream. Good but definitely not as good as my wife's stroganoff.
5	Exceptional dinner location in Las Vegas.  Great service, great food, great vodka and exceptional atmosphere.  Enjoy the Beef Stroganoff, a couple martinis, and stumble out to Mandalay Bay to donate a few dollars to the blackjack dealers.  Great experience, all around.
4	The lobster tacos are a must get. They are bite sized, crispy and full of flavor. I've been here twice for happy hour (half off appetizers) and I've haven't been disappointed. It's pricey, but what good restaurant isn't in Las Vegas. Between the ice bar and high decorative ceilings the atmosphere is great.
4	First off, the servers here are pretty attractive :p aside from that, the food was pretty good and service was excellent. Always checked up on us and food didn't take too long. Between five girls we were full from 2 plates of salad which had the most delicious croutons that weren't too hard, small buffalo wings that came with carrots and celery sticks, burger sliders (perfectly served 5), and steak slices cooked medium well. Pretty full at the end of dinner with our mixed drinks. I had a berry one which I wasn't a fan of because it was too strong for me, but we ordered the drinks on a tablet which was efficient for the restaurant. Pricey, but not bad. Nothing too special, but since someone picked our menu, didn't get to try the best dishes here which I will do next time I come.
4	I loved this bar! My husband and I stopped in for happy hour before dinner. The drinks were fabulous (I had some kind of blueberry vodka drink and a Moscow mule) and our bartender was nice. The other bar patrons were friendly, too. We used the free drink check in from Yelp, which got us free well drink (husband got a Skyy martini). We had 3 more drinks between the two of us and somehow the bill only came to $36, so either the bartender hooked us up or she made a mistake. Either way, even if we didn't get the discounts, I would have gladly paid full price for the delicious drinks, unique atmosphere, and good company. I will be back next time I'm at Mandalay.
4	Good food, fun environment, attentive staff. Worth a try.Started things off with a free house red (Yelp coupon for checking in there) and Gal Pal had an amazing blood orange, something fizzy and vodka drink.The atmosphere is done up in red and kitschy Cold War art that is actually pretty fun an surprisingly warm.The menu is not very Russian, but I did have their "beef stroganoff", which was fettuccine noodles in a brown gravy with a side of braised short ribs. Very flavorful, although the ribs were not very tender.Gal Pal went the short plate route: 3 "mini" tacos of lobster that were actually more "micro' than "mini", as well as braised brussells sprouts and baked potatoes. The sprouts were good but the potatoes were amazing! I "borrowed" one of the three in the generous portion and I couldn't believe how they were able to get the outside so crispy while not drying out the white goodness inside.If they had a more expansive menu I would give them a 5th star; as it is, the are worth stopping in.
5	Amazing food. Had the flat iron steak, it came with 2 different sauces. All I can say is "give me another steak". It's worth another try. The orange fuz vodka, Yumm, Yumm...
5	This is one of my favorite places for happy hour bar food additives the little buffalo wings are tiny tiny little drumsticks and called lollipops and then the meatballs are excellent it is so cool the people are really nice here Sexy lady, by checking on yelp when get here see the  host with yelp you will get a free coupon for a Drink, You should come check it out if you and mandolin day.
4	Love the throwback Russian gimmick! it looks very good, huge ceilings and great decor. A great spot to visit for the happy hour and make sure to check in on help for a free drink coupon. The Moscow mule was great, super amounts of ginger and very refreshing. The Parmesan fries are very good and I think the highlight is Russian Nachos. Very delicious smoked salmon and a dab of caviar on each "nacho". Not sure about dinner as the prices are pretty high but if you are at Mandalay bay this is a must at happy hour. Make sure to bring your M life card to get more points as well.
4	Yes I did it again! What can I say I'm a meat eater.It's been a few years since I've been here & it was exactly as I remembered.. Still hip. Of course in the pass we just bellied up to the icebar for martinis and a show from the bartenders. Now that I'm older we sat in a booth & enjoyed a wonderful meal.The filet mignon was like butter & melted in my mouth. Loved the peppery sauce on the side. Wasn't impressed w the mini baked potatoes, maybe cuz they were to small to fill & weren't served hot...   ;(
4	Came to Vegas for a work conference and had some down time at night. I asked some of the gentlemen I was with for a good vodka bar and was sent here. The atmosphere is dark but inviting. We took a seat at a table when you first walk in and were almost instantly greeted by our waitress. She was polite and explained how to order, as they use ipads for their menus. My group ordered vodka on the rocks, a chocolate shot, Apple Cider, and something else that I can't remember. Anyhoo, it was all fabulous! The bar tenders hand chipped an ice round that fit into the glass they used for the vodka rocks, it was very impressive how perfectly it fit. The chocolate shot was divine and tasted like chocolate milk. I am still dreaming about the Apple Cider, which was a martini, it was so good. I will certainly make a repeat trip next time I am in Vegas!
5	Comped dinner before going right next door to the light, why not!First of all, we got to pick our drinks from an iPad! How cool is that?! The drinks were also yummy and strong. We had sliders and chicken as appetizers, steak and prawns as entrees. Everything was delicious!!!Also very impressed with the decor here, the restaurant was beautiful!
5	So before heading over to Light, we were escorted over to Red Square for a meal. We wished we had known prior because we had already filled up on food. The dinner was comped so we decided to chow down anyways.They first brought out spicy wings, cezar (caesar) salad,  and kobe beef sliders. I would go back solely for the sliders! I had the Hibiscus Bomb which was like a pomegranate flavored Red Bull & vodka. We thought we were done but they bombarded us with another round of food. This time it was the prawns and flat iron steak. I wish I had been more hungry because that steak was cooked a perfect medium rare and was soo good.I definitely want to go back and try many of the things on their menu comped or not. I think they have some sort of Russian theme going on. Can't wait to go back!
4	Loved the ambiance of this bar. They're pretty hip as their menu was on an iPad. If you like vodka, this is the place to be. I was delighted to see that they had potato vodka as I can't do liquor made of grains (gluten allergy). I ended up having a Moscow Mule (amazing!) and a White Ruskie (their version of a White Russian). While the White Ruskie was good, the MM was way better. Can't go wrong with a refreshing gingery lime drink served in a copper cup. We also got a complimentary shot of vodka with our drinks. How cool is that?!Overall, the service was ok. It took us forever to get a server with the iPad menu and then to order drinks. Once we got our first drink, they became attentive and service drastically improved.I didn't try any food but I heard that the wings were to die for. They were not GF. :(I would definitely recommend this place if you're a vodka drinker and love Moscow Mules. Great drinks.
4	Was just here for a reception so I can't say much about the food but the place was very cool.  Staff were friendly and the vodka room is great.  May try the food out my next trip as based on my limited experience I think this place has potential.
3	I'm torn on this spot. The space itself is nice and there's some novelty to it. I opted to dine at the bar. The bartender was ok. Nice enough at first, but then kinda disappeared and just stopped checking on people. The drink menu is a touchscreen that you tap through. That was the first time I'd ever encountered that. The martini I had was great. For food, I ordered a caesar salad and the beef stroganoff. The caesar salad was fine, but a complete waste of money. It was so tiny and uninventive. The beef stroganoff was not at all what I was expecting, but very tasty. It was a huge piece of short rib accompanied with mushroom-flavored noodles.  All combined, it was delicious and wonderful. The short rib had a lot of flavor. Overall, the bill was way too high for what I actually received. But the stroganoff sure was tasty.
3	Great vodka selection. Cool atmosphere. Oysters we ordered were not that great.Great place to stop in for a tasting of a vodka one has not had before (read: go for something exotic), but don't think I'd go for a dining experience.
4	Girls Night Out! Hell yes. Lisa and Betty are visiting from Minnesota and it's their first time!! Being the most amazing person that I am, OF COURSE I need to set up a comp dinner out for us girls to show them a good time! Red Square it is. Dinner consisted of buffalo wings, caesar salad, prawns and risotto, sliders, and some kind of steak plus one specialty cocktail. EVERYTHING was DELICIOUS!! Especially the riostto and steak! NOM NOM NOM!  I think our server was Erika?? She was super nice and dinner was SO great! Most importantly the girls LOVED it and that's what matters here! Just an FYI they do give you a bill at the end with an automatic gratuity on it.
5	This restaurant is one of my favorite places to visit every time I go to Mandalay Bay. Whether you want to sit down and enjoy the excellent menu they offer or just hang out at the ice top bar that keeps your drink cold at all times, it's always an enjoyable experience. The bartenders and staff are always friendly. Also, ask to have a drink in the ice vault where they provide you with a warm fur coat to walk in to a vodka vault at a frozen temperature. Individual lockers within the vault are also available to purchase and store your own bottles purchased from the restaurants menu. Amazing!!!
4	I really enjoyed the drinks here. The moscow mule was really yummy, as I would hope coming from a restaurant that specializes in Russian-influenced cuisine. The Red Dawn was also delicious, as I love love love blood orange, and the drink is made with blood orange vodka. Yum.My friend and I shared some small plates and an entree. We had the tuna tartare and meatballs. Both were delicious. The whipped ricotta on the meatballs was fantastic. We also ordered the beef stroganoff, which was rich and filling. The short ribs melted in my mouth, and I would certainly order it again.The atmosphere was interesting. It was very dark, and a bit difficult to see the menu at times. The atmosphere didn't detract from the delicious food, however. We mainly selected this restaurant as we were at Mandalay Bay for a concert and were looking to try a restaurant we had never been to before, but it was definitely a fun choice. I would recommend, especially for drinks and appetizers.
4	Happy hour Dirty vodka martinis and 1/2 price apps.  The martini was on point and we got meatballs which were delicious with the ricotta cheese on top.  The place was decorated in a deep red and was somewhat dark.  It set it off just right.  Cool.  the bar top was made of ice and the service was perfect.  On the second round of drinks I got a white Russkie and my girl got a Peanut butter and Jelly Martini .  Both were really good and kinda served as a desert .  If your a Vodka fan this is your place.
5	A perfect Vegas happy hour. Really inexpensive in comparison to other places yet the service and quality doesn't suffer. I got the meatball appetizer for about $7. It was  tasty and filling enough to be a meal. Every person from the host to servers offered impeccable service. Hopefully it's the same next time I go back!
3	The happy hour martinis are where it's at!! Had a few dirty martinis and got a bunch of apps. The place looks cool and the bar is made of ice. Service was excellent! Bartenders, waitress, hostess. All A+++
5	I just love this place. The drinks, food and atmosphere are perfect, and their Moscow Mule was the best I've ever had. We stopped in for a drink before heading into Light, and wound up having some apps, a couple more drinks, and dessert. Everything was awesome! Will definitely be back asap. If you're at Mandalay Bay, its definitely the meet up place.
5	Red Square at Mandalay Bay is one of the best and most unique restaurants in the city. The service is amazing and they have some of the best bartenders in the city. The chicken Kiev is great every time and be sure to put on a parka and check out the walk in vodka vault!
4	Red Square at Mandalay Bay is one of the best and most unique restaurants in the city. The service is amazing and they have some of the best bartenders in the city. The chicken Kiev is great every time and be sure to put on a parka and check out the walk in vodka vault!
4	I've walked by this restaurant a million times in the last few years and never felt any desire to try it out.  Maybe because the entrance looks like the entrance into a cold frigid fortress, or maybe the idea of a Russian restaurant inspired thoughts of strange food ending in "kiev" that I wouldn't like.  All of this was completely illogical, of course, as was proven to me one night during a girls night out.We had dinner here before going into Light, the club next door.  The service was great, as we were seated right away and our drink orders were taken.  The inside of the restaurant is dark and sexy, barely lit by the many candles set on each table.  Our dinner was served family style and consisted of buffalo wings, caesar salad, prawns and risotto, sliders, and steak.  I also ordered a Moscow mule.  I was pretty impressed by all of the food.  My favorite by far was the prawns and risotto.  The prawns were huge and delicious, and the risotto was perfectly cooked and seasoned just right. Even though I didn't want to be all full and bloated in my clubbing outfit, I couldn't stop eating!This would really be a great place for a date night and I can't wait to go back and try more things off the menu.  The only thing I will say is that everything is pretty expensive.  Cocktails over $18 and not one appetizer under $14.  While I think the food is spectacular, the portions are small and it is not quite such fine dining that should justify those types of prices.
4	Amazing restaurant and atmosphere!  The have a lot of cocktail specials amd many different vodkas to try. If your ever in vegas then you have you have to check it out! Located in mandalay bay
4	Dont come here broke. Red Square is super trendy and really sawnk. The bartenders are attractive ladies and really nice, with the exception of the bitchy brunette who served us later. She made our drinks completly wrong. Since when are scooby snacks clear???? Anyways, after getting loaded on drinks we decided to order some appetizers. We had the lobster tacos and filet mignon sliders. Both $21.00. The sliders were okay, but for that price, I was expecting them to be epic. The lobster tacos were simply amazing in taste......and size. For $21.00, these were the smallest tacos Ive ever seen. They were literally the size of my pinky finger. We didnt have dinner there but I looked over the menu and the food looked really good and extravagant. The place has a great classy vibe and I had a great time. When I hit the powerball, this will be my regular Vegas spot.
2	A friend recommended the Red Square for a cool place to have a drink and some apps.  A group of eight of us were celebrating a birthday and decided to sit at the bar around 5pm. The place was pretty much empty besides four people at the end of the bar. We sat for about 10 minutes before we were even acknowledged by the bartender. Don't know her name but she was blonde with tattoos. The bartender ignored questions and told us we could not take pics in a part of the restaurant because,"It's for VIPs only".  I was told they had vodka samplers that are served on a red block of ice. The bartender said they didn't serve the samplers on ice anymore (One of the main reasons the BDay girl wanted to come here). My friend ordered a Moscow Mule and received it in a glass not a copper mug as it is on the menu and basically anywhere you order it.  When asked about the copper mug the bartender said they didn't have them.  Another friend pointed them out behind the bar. The bartender told my friend they only had two mugs and they were for VIPs only. The bartender seemed to not want us there and we were happy to oblige. The reason i gave two stars was due to the ice bar and the apps. Would of been a cool place to hang out and celebrate but the customer service was awful. At least the dealers smile at me before they take my money. My friends and I come to Vegas two to three times a year and will find another place spend our money.
4	I looked forward to my meal here--and for good reason.A Shrimp Cocktail featured large shrimp that were quite good and meaty, and Tuna Tartare was nicely seasoned.  Although I found both Oysters East & West from the environs of Canada appealing, I liked East the best.  All were fresh, and tasty adorned with a choice of 3 sauces.  Cezar Salad with fresh Romaine leaves was very tasty, followed a long time later by an unusual Beef Stroganoff derived from Short Rib, accompanied by interesting cut up pieces of Mini Baked Potatoes.  Stuffed Maine Lobster was a big hit at our table.  The majestic crustacean was filled with shrimp, crab, and herb stuffing, and a silky Butter Sauce was placed close by for easy dunking.Service was very good.  And, the ambiance was both intimate and convivial.  Even though a fabled Ice Bar is on premises, the food and service here can justify a visit on their own merits.4-1/2 stars overall!
5	Shelly the head chef came out to see us again and remembered our crew from last year.    What an amazing person and great chef....only 31 years old.   Food is fantastic....she is the biggest reason we will always come back.
5	We had a little bit a problem at the beginning of the game....go figure a power outage!  All we could think of was not today!!  Fortunately, they managed to get technicians there in a reasonable amount of time and resolve the issue.During this delay, Louis Aceves (General Manager)  and Ericka (Waitress) made sure our party of 15 were very well taken care of making sure we didn't skip a beat.  Have to say, they handled everything very well.You guys are amazing and we'll definitely go back.
2	I stopped last night with large group. Drinks and food were pretty good and wait staff seemed okay. But women servers seemed okay but not overly pleasant.  Came back tonight and the girl bartender was horribly rude. No matter what she said it seemed fake and pissy.  I seriously questioned the amount if alcohol in our drinks out of spit.  She was just so rude and condescending.
5	This is one of my new favorite places to eat in Vegas. I took my fiance here for his B-Day and had dinner and we were impressed with everything that we ordered. We came back again for happy hour and I would recommend going to their happy hour since dinner can be pricey ( but worth it). I have major cravings for their Siberian Nachos !!
3	Glad I tried eating somewhere new in LV but not sure this place was amazing enough to call me back.  I ordered the crispy chicken and a drink called the KGB- loved them both. Ambience was nice with top 40 club hits playing in the background. Lighting was dim with a red hint. Service was speedy and attentive. Overall I was happy my hubby and I came here for dinner before the club, which is located next door. Again, just not a place I'm dying to return to.
5	Food was amazing. Have great appetizers- had the salmon pizza, meatballs, and for my main course had the rib eye. Steak was cooked to perfection. I was with a group of 6, after dinner we had the opportunity to throw on some fur coats (they supply) and head into the sub zero vodka vault for some shots. Really cool experience!
3	Service was was good but slow.Food was good but the entree (Filet Mignon) I was told could only be prepared Medium after asking for Med Well. Salad arrived after 40 min. My entree arrived about 40 min later and my steak was medium rare at best and barely warm. No sign of a waiter to send back for 15 min. It's not hard to cook a steak but they cant get it done.
1	No more Chernobyls. That was the only reason to come here. Red Square, you are dead to me!
5	We didn't have food here, just drinks, but this was my very favorite bar in all of Las Vegas the last time we were here. Our waitress was an absolute sweetheart and the drinks were amazing. I will make it a point to go back here every time I am in Vegas, no matter where I am staying.
4	Loved this place!Vodka flights, Moscow mules, food, atmosphere and service were stellar.Stunning decor.....For happy hour, loved the Russian Nachos.
5	Stopped in on 2 occasions for appetizers and drinks. Beth and Danny made us feel right at home. Beth made delicious drinks and helped us choose our vodka. Danny answered all of our crazy tourist questions and takes great pride in his work. We will definitely return to Red Square on our next visit to Vegas.
5	Red square is a niche that is new for Las Vegas and works amazingly. The European environment and Russian flare makes for a fun and unique experience among the normal restaurants available! Beef stroganoff is a must have and the major draw for me was their custom Vodka Tasting room!
4	Wow! Great Job. We had a large party everybody enjoyed it and had a good time. Everybody that ordered a Russian theme meal raved about it, the Beef Strog and Chicken Kiev. The reason for 4 stars and not 5 is that others that did not order the above dishes were not raving about them.
5	Brief Summary:Service - 5 starsFood - 5 starsAtmosphere - 5 starsDrink mixology - 5 starsDetailed Review:My husband brought me here on Valentine's Day for dinner this year. When I first walked into this gothic style restaurant, I was immediately excited. I really enjoy dining in different settings, especially if it makes it seem like you're in a different place. I felt as though I had left the country and stepped into a restaurant in Moscow. The service was excellent. Everyone was friendly, but not over the top too nice there were minimal interruptions. Very romantic and dark. There was just something about it, I can't quite put my finger on it. Maybe because it was the whole experience. Just fantastic. If I have a chance to come back I most certainly will.
1	Overpriced and the smallest portions imaginable!  $21 for lobster tacos....  I don't even know how they can call it a taco.  Lobster bit is more like it!  Las Vegas has too much variety to waste your time on this place!
5	LOVE the Red Square.. this is a MUST hit place for us every time we visit Vegas. I ALWAYS get the Key Lime Pie Martini and hubby gets the Chernobyl. I tried the White Ruskie last weekend and YUMMY.. If you like Coffee/Baileys. Happy Hour is a pretty good deal and the Martinis are TOP notch. I'm not a martini fan but we ALWAYS make a trip to Red Square to get a few rounds. Get there early to get a seat at the ice bar!
2	We ate here April 2013 so I am a little sketchy on exactly why I didn't like this place but I do remember I had the beef stroganoff and it was horrible. I thought a Russian restaurant should know how to make an excellent stroganoff but noodles soaked up all the sauce and little bits of beef were so tough. Service was good.
5	Salmon Craving Satisfied in Vegas - Who'da Thought!SITREPI found myself hitting the Happy Hour here at Red Square (located at Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino) and it did not disappoint.  THE SETUPMy sweet dance partner and I were jone'sin for some munchies before we hit a dance competition event, but there was not going to be any food there.Interestingly enough, we had just talked about our uncles - how they both hail from Idaho - and hers is sportsman who catches Salmon from the Snake River.  So as we arrived into Red Square, two (2) menu items just JUMPED OUT at us, like 2 Chinooks, and so we "jumped on them", so to speak.LE MENUThe items had Salmon on them!  So for us, this was meant to be:(1)  I saw the Siberian Nachos, which consisted of Salmon, Crispy Potato Gautrette, Sour Cream, and Caviar, believe it not.  Absolutely delicious, and probably the most singularly different nachos I've ever had; and then,(2)  We were BOTH intrigued by the Smoked Salmon Pizza, which consisted of generous strips of smoked salmon & pickled red onions.  [The flavor of the pickled red onions  was a bit much for Cassandra, but we resolved that issue by picking them off.]THE LOWDOWNDefinitely plan on coming back to Red Square again when I hit Vegas again.
5	Love this place! I have been going back to this place for about 15 years and I still love it! This is one of the original "ice" bars, with a a strip of ice running down the middle of the bar and an ice vault where you can do vodka shots of Stalin's head. They have an enormous menu of vodka shots, drinks and other alcohol. The servers are attentive and friendly, and you never have to wait for a drink very long.The decor is dark, red and plush, and almost feel like your in a bar in Russia. THe decor has not changed since I've been going, but it serves the bar well! I have never eaten there, so I can't review the food. As long as it's there, I will be a return customer!
5	Two words, ice bar!  It doesn't get any cooler than that.  Whenever I am in Vegas I always make sure to plan the Red Square into the trip.  We got there the last few seconds before happy hour was over so we went off the bartenders recommendation for appetizers and drinks.  The meatballs- wow these were amazing, 4 meatballs covered in incredibly yummy red marinara with some kind of cheese I have no idea how to spell.  These were a favorite of the night.Chicken lollipop wings- I was madly in love with these and even planned a Vegas trip for them to learn they were no longer serving them.  Well, they are back.  This time they are more like a spicy chicken wing which for a wimp like me can be challenging but I did it.  The tender meat on them are like no other place.  Sliders- You only get one per order but surprisingly that is all you need unless someone else wants to try it.  I woke up today (okay, this afternoon, its Vegas) and immediately thought of the sliders.  It is surprisingly filing and full of flavor.  A definite for any slider fan.Last but not least we went on the bartenders choice for drinks and I tried my first Moscow Mule.  Lets just say that once I tried it, I stayed with it all night it was so refreshing, not sweet or bitter, and went down easy.  I will be making these at home from now on.The red square was the best as always.
3	Pricey but worth it if you like vodka. I didn't eat dinner here but had the Vietnamese Vodka and an appetizer. Both the vodka and appetizer were very good. They also were offering a complimentary shot of Stolis.  Service was friendly enough. I really enjoyed the atmosphere.  I was disappointed that they only offered one potato vodka . They could also use more than one bartender behind the bar.  It got really busy which translated into long waits. I wanted to order more food and vodka but got tired of trying to get the bartender's attention and we just decided it was time to leave. If you're in Vegas I would recommend a visit to try a vodka you've never had before.
1	Well, even if you happen to be at Mandaly Bay, and have a few extra hundred dollars to spend... DO NOT GO to Red Square!t began with a friend of who won several $1K's of dollars playing poker and staying in a suite at Mandalay to convince me (a local) to come visit him for a drink at Red Square.   Our bartender, Rebecca was delightful enough to oblige our request for a few special cocktails. Then the barback, Jason, obliged our request to have multiple shots, after inviting a few other guests into the Vodka "Freezer" Chamber for a few shotsl  Upon returning to our seats, after 10 shots total and 3 rounds plus appetizers at our table, we were having a great time.  Coupled with the NBA playoffs, (and some high bets on the game) we decided for on more round of drinks, which Rebecca served.  During the "mixing period" of our drinks, the bar has some bottles of Vodka 'frozen' into the bar which my friend and I promptly released as a jest to the challenge that it couldn't be removed.  Once removed, we were playing a funny game of hide and seek.  Coincidentally, our bill came!  We promptly paid it after returning all the "preset alcohol bottles" back (per Jason's request).   After our credit card and bill (for $300+) was approved, the security PROMPTLY came and asked us to leave.  We hadn't done anything wrong aside from removing the bottle from the "frozen bar" but we replaced it before we left!!!Nothing more embarrassed my friend and I in front of our out of town guest than the unresponsive (ignorant) security asking us to leave.  They had no clue of the situation they were responsible for removing until we requested to know why we were being asked to leave. The ignorant security responded that the manager saw us taking the bottle from the bar, and wanted us to leave.  Although we had returned the bottle (and conveniently had just paid our tab) they continued on and did NOT give us explanation as to our request for departure.  The manager walked away and the "security" did nothing intelligent nor poignant  to express our reason for being dismissed. We left without refute but still completely unsure of the purpose.   Fortunately we had paid our tab, yet on our way out, we were completely confused and dissatisfied with the way we were treated upon our last 30 minutes there after spending over $300 and a few hours having great conversation and drinks with the bartender (Re)becca) and barback Jason.  Unfortunately for this establishment as well as Mandalay Bay, neither me, nor my colleagues will EVER suggest or recommend this hotel or bar to any other colleagues, associates or business prospects EVER in the future.
2	Let me say that the food and drinks were excellent...when they finally got to us, that is! My boyfriend and I went in there for Happy Hour. I wanted to try some specialty martinis and try some sliders, and he wanted more of an entree. It was not at all busy at this time. (6pm). There were two other tables occupied, and yet, we were sat in an awkward corner in the front of the restaurant, by the door. We were almost hidden! We got ice waters almost immediately from the pleasant busser, which was a relief because we did not get our actual drinks until our food came out! Like I said, the food and drinks were excellent, but we were almost neglected the rest of the experience! We finished our food and wanted a dessert and a key lime martini. Those came out pretty quickly, and again, by the busser. Our server seemed to be missing in action! (again, it was not busy!) The server did show up to give us our check (big surprise!) and we wanted to charge it to our room to get our M Life points but she didn't leave a pen in the check presenter. And she was missing...AGAIN! We waited almost 20 minutes (no exaggeration!) for her to come back to us. Luckily, we had cash on us, because we would have waited another 20 minutes for her to swipe a credit card or to charge it to our room! It's obvious that the server didn't think we'd tip her well, so we were not worth her time. Funny thing is, we are 20% tippers (I'm a waitress) and she really missed out! If you do decide to dine here, don't expect great service if you're dressed in casual attire and/or look young! It's really unfortunate because the food and drinks were great and the decor was beautiful. (could have done without the 'club' type music... something softer and classier would have made it much nicer)Anyway, there are much better ways to spend your hard earned money in Las Vegas.
1	Wowzers what a terrible disappointment!Seated quickly no complaints there. Bread brought out 20 minutes later.Food was disgusting!We had 8 in our party and we all got mostly beef stroganoff, chicken Kiev, filet etcBeef stroganoff was cold, extremely salty. I had two bites and almost puked!Everyone hated the chicken Kiev and thought that was cold as well. This place should not advertise even being affiliated with Russian food. The food was horrible!! We sent out plates back.Manager was nice about it. He advised chef was changed recently to an American guy and the owners changed as well. Maybe they should stick to what they know. Change the name and serve hot dogs. This place was certainly not in any category of Eastern European food. Trust me I am from Armenian/Russian heritage. Save your money and go to a better place! Even the pizza stand near by!
4	! Yes, I am a fan of Red Square. I've sampled some of the best vodka here when I come to town. The atmosphere is just about perfect, from the headless statue outside the front door to the dark red lighting inside. We completed the experience by naming our cocktail server "Svetlana". If you are staying at the Mandalay Bay and you're looking for a good way to spend an hour or so, try soaking up a little "Mother Russia" ambiance, komrade!
1	Horrible. Horrible . Horrible. Great food but if I wanted great food I would cook a steak from the grill in my backyard for a 1/6 of the price. I pay for a great food service and a stress free dining experience. Didnt get either. The server was aware of the auto gratuity and immediately took advantage of it by being rude and inconsiderate by providing the worst service ive experienced in the 24 years of living in las vegas. Also beware... these people will hustle you for every dime they can get out of you. By initially being lied too about the inclusion of drinks and particular food items upon entry, they managed to squeeze additional 300 dollars of "included" products out of us. Ohhh not including gratuity. This is establishment is a representation of light group, mandalay bay and even worse las vegas, nevada. I am ashamed to say that Red Square is a part of the city that Ive proudly stood by since birth.
4	Happy hour only.  I had a Siberian cherry,  it was delicious.  Regular prices are a little high for me. But, half off cocktails during happy hour.  I had been here last summer . The ice bar seems to be over iced, as in lumpy,  last time you could set you drink on it to keep it cold.  They may want to manicure it.  We were on our way to dinner ,so I didn't try the duck fat fries.  Maybe next time. I would come back but happy hour only.
1	Usually I have a good time here but we came in to have a "free drink", from the yelp deals and the host immediately told a server, the server told the manager, and the whole restaurant that we were only suppose to have just a regular drink, like a well and nothing else.  Then everyone kept watching us rolling there eyes at us and the manager kept close to our spot and kept on talking about us. It's not like we were stealing from them or anything.  If they can't support yelpers or make them feel welcome like other places they should leave yelp deals and/or close down if they can't be nice or/friendly to yelpers, it was just rude and killed my groups mood.BTW we came yesterday spent over $100 and 3 months ago we spent over $200. if they don't want us you are just losing $ and being rude to people that once liked you.  Very bad for RedSquare.
4	Yummy food and good service! Couple of mojitos and glasses of scotch with siberian nachos as an app at the bar. Chicken Kiev, Filet Mignon, mushrooms, baby baked potatoes and a bottle of wine. All very tastey. My one disappointment was the wine selection.  5 bottles that range from $50-500...and the $50 bottles were not that great of a wine. I happened to be looking at the "by the glass" list and found a wine I loved and was able to buy the bottle. Definitely need improvement on selection.
3	I've walked by Red Square for years and always wanted to give it a try.  Last night before the Lionel Richie concert was the perfect time.My server was Mary and she saw to it that I got my iced tea quickly and she gave me plenty of time to look over the menu and then answer some questions.  For an appetizer, I got the Siberian nachos.  This is a fun way of doing nachos in a different manner.  There are five, very thinly sliced,waffle potato chips each with a nice slice of very good smoked salmon.  Topping each is a small dollop of caviar and sour cream.  The potato slices are so delicate, you can't pick up the chip and eat it with the salmon on top.The main course had to be beef stroganoff.  This was made differently than I've ever had before but it was no less good.  In fact, this was the star of the meal and I recommend anyone eating here try the stroganoff.  It's a braised short rib that was extremely tender accompanied by wild mushroom tagliatelle.  There is some truffle flavored ricotta placed between the pasta and the beef.  Unlike what we normally think of stroganoff, this one was not heavy on sour cream to make a gravy for the beef.  Rather, the ricotta simply becomes blended a bit with the very good juices from the meat.  I like their way of doing stroganoff.I took Mary's advice for dessert--it's actually what I was going to order anyway.  This was good but was a bit of a disappointment.  The strawberry baked Alaska wasn't made nor served like a traditional baked Alaska which could have been OK except for one thing.  The base was a thin sponge cake with some fresh strawberry slices.  This was topped with some strawberry ice cream, and then the whole thing was mounded--not with meringue--but with marshmallow fluff that had been browned.  When I put my spoon to what I thought was meringue I learned by the very thick consistency how wrong I was.  The marshmallow was overwhelming in texture and in sweetness!  I was glad to get below to the strawberry ice cream to offset some of the cloying sweetness.Service during dinner was excellent and Mary was a very pleasant server who made the dinner pleasant.  The runners made sure my iced tea was refilled as soon as I finished my glass.I like the room with it's Soviet themes.  This starts with the beheaded statue of Vladimir I. Lenin at the entrance.  The head was cut off and is in a freezer in the vodka tasting lounge where you get bottle service.  Above the door inside is CCCP for the Soviet Union and there's a hammer and sickle vodka vault sign by the bar and I could see part of the one mural in the bar/lounge area about a delegate--that's all I could read of the Russian letters.  While passing time between courses, I did notice that on the wall above the side of the bar, they have misspelled the Russian word for Square in their Red Square.  Perhaps it's the teacher in me and maybe it was my tough Russian professor in undergraduate school. Finally, the restaurant is very vibrant--sound wise.  I wouldn't plan on having a quiet conversation with your table mate.
5	Apps and beers.  Jewels was our server.   Great service.  Oysters were spot on out of the Pacific Northwest.   Great ambiance.  They have a great selection of vodka...as they should.  Beer selection was good, order a Freeride.
5	Love this place and it's worth the price. Second time here. Ask for Brandon, he's a fantastic waiter. The food is amazing, drinks are insanely good. We spent so much money last time we came and we had a blast. The atmosphere is great, too.
5	Awesome.....The service is da Bomb ...Always a great meal ...Vodka is the best ....Hot Chile vodka tasty and the diamond vodka BRILLIANT... ...Thanks Mary & Brandon for a great night ...
5	Definitely worth visiting. Incredible cocktails and vodka and amazing food. Did I mention the decor is any russian historian's dream! Food was incredible--beef strogonov, chicken Kiev and the meatballs were out of this world. It's on the pricier end, but it's am experience with incredible food and service.
5	The manager Calio is cooler than a Polar bears toe nail. Riza is an awesome Bartender makes perfect cocktails. Come check out the great staff
2	Good news first...the Moscow mule was fantastic.  And then the a bad news.  It took 1 1/2 hrs to get our food and when it arrived ot was cold and flavorless.   I asked for salt nd people and receive attitude from the wait staff.  Very disappointed with the food and the service.  Probably would not return here.
4	Potatoes and vodka, nothing could be more Russian - well, at least in the 'west'. Don't forget to admire the decor. Visually appealing.This Lenin statue is headless. The one is Seattle still has his head, and is often lovingly decorated by the populace. Funny how things change, city to city.
3	Not bad. I went in not really sure what to expect and was pleasantly surprised. I had a martini straight up, and my wife had a drink called a nostrovia which is kind of like a grapefruit lemondrop. both were very good. For dinner we both had a steak and both were good. It was a little dark inside which was ok, but a little annoying since everything had a pinkish hue. The service was ok not great. It took awhile to get our food, I didn't time it, but it was quite awhile. Probably wont go back.
5	This is part of my Vegas system. I start at La Palapa, then I hit my hotel, shower and head on down to Red Square for some tasty Vodka, good conversation and great atmosphere. If you love Vodka, this is the place for you. They have everything you could imagine and many you've never heard of that are fantastic. I try a new vodka everytime I go there. You should too.
4	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! We had the tuna tartare and it was divine! Same thing with the beef stroganoff - wow, the flavor is ridiculously good. Everyone loved their food - and don't forget the Moscow Mule!! I would definitely go back again. Just be aware that it is a little on the pricey side and some of the dishes are smaller than you might expect. For example, my brother paid $19 for the chicken wing appetizers and the 6-8 wings were the size of my thumb (and I have a small thumb). This was not the case with the tuna tartare, another appetizer - it was reasonably sized. Entrees were properly proportioned for the price, but just be aware and maybe check with your server if you're STARVING (which we were) :)
4	My husband and I have talked about dining at Red Square for a long time, but for one reason or another it has never happened. When I saw their restaurant week menu my interest was immediately piqued they were offering choices unlike anyone else. Dinner was $40.14, there were three choices of Appetizer and Entree, and two Dessert options. We started with Mini Lobster Tacos and Siberian Nachos. Entrees of Beef Stroganoff and Chicken Kiev followed, and we finished with Toffee Bread Pudding for dessert. It was a shame the tacos were bite sized because they were mighty delicious and I was left wanting more. The delicate lobster was perfectly prepared, which too often is not the case. The nachos were intriguing, with smoked salmon piled high on potato crisps and topped with American caviar. I wish the potato slices were thicker to better support the salmon and if they were unseasoned there would still be plenty of residual saltiness from the caviar. I've grown up eating Beef Stroganoff, it's one of my favorite comfort foods. This version was more rich and better composed with braised short rib, wild mushrooms, perfect Strozzapretti and dollops of ricotta. It was tasty and a hearty portion. The chicken kiev was served with Brussels sprouts, it was unfortunate that the pan sauce was so overwhelmingly over seasoned that any other flavor beside salt was completely lost. Our waiter strongly recommended the bread pudding. I typically do not enjoy bread pudding so I was hesitant but agreed. Honestly, I'm glad I didn't have to share. Croissant pieces were piled high and served with salted caramel ice cream and toffee sauce to drizzle and it was topped off with vanilla Captain Crunch. It definitely had a breakfast taste, reminiscent of warm cinnamon rolls without being too sweet. Truly, it was a pleasant surprise. Our dinner was deeply discounted, it was a great opportunity to try Red Square. We had an enjoyable meal even if two of the dishes were over seasoned. 3.5 stars.
2	The food was not bad, but the service was rather awful, which pushed this experience down to 2 stars.  And since "not bad" food can be found in so many other locations, why bother coming to this rather tired seeming dining room?
5	You don't have to be a vodka connoisseur to appreciate this Vegas mainstay, but it certainly doesn't hurt... Sure, this place is famous for its zero-degree vodka vault, impressive caviar selection, and 200 vodka brands, but the restaurant is extremely well-run and worth a visit, too. The service is exceptional, the staff is super friendly, and I've never left Red Square with a bad taste in my mouth.I've visited here countless times over the last year alone and I've never heard a single complaint from anyone I've dined with. Whether we've come for the drinks, appetizers, entrees, desserts, or all of the above, we've always felt our expectations were not just met, but exceeded.As a result, Red Square is easily one of my favorite spots to meet friends for a drink or grab a bite to eat before a big night on the Strip (whether we're going next door to Light Nightclub or not). Their signature Moscow Mule cocktail is a must-try and their martinis are the strongest and best-tasting in town -- especially the espresso martini, which is the best I've ever had.The trademark of Red Square is the vodka vault, however, where guests wear fur coats to enjoy shots at the infamous ice bar. It's a great photo opp with your date, spouse, or friends along with an experience you'll never forget.I've lived in this town for over a decade and I firmly believe this place should be on everyone's Vegas bucket list. No matter how cold you are after your visit to the vodka vault, Red Square's service, food and drinks will definitely warm you up and bring you back for many more visits.
5	Had an awesome time at Red Square after watching the MJ show. We both ordered from prefix menu and we loved everything. Great service, wonderful ambiance and delicious food. Would definitely come back next time we are in Vegas.
5	The best martini I have ever had. Great decor, and suited up "Russian-style" to drink a shot.
5	Talk about a fantastic dining experience!! So I had a friend if mine visiting and needed a nice and classy kind of happy hour! I did some research and saw all of the great reviews from my fellow yelpers and booked a reservation on my opentable app! They were offering 1,000 dining points for the particular time slot that I selected! Once we arrived we were greeted by a very pleasant hostess who checked us in from my reservation and sat us immediately! The ambiance of this place is incredible! I love the dim setting with red decor hence the name red square! Haha! Our waitress was just as nice with a great energy and very helpful being it was our first time! Originally she had gave us the regular menus but happy hour was going on so not only did we take advantage of those half off prices but we also checked in on yelp to claim our FREE cocktail! Yes! Too good to be true right?! No! The appetizers we ordered were as followed.. Duck Fries, Buffalo Wings, and their signature meatballs! Everything was made to perfection! I can't wait to go back and try out their full menu!
2	Sucks!  Plain and simple. There vodka selection is limited IMO and they seem to push Chopin. Why?  A vodka you can purchase at any liquor store!  The appetizers are average and the service is a joke.  Just because you are pretty:  you still have serve in a timely fashion, crack a smile, know the menu and drink list, be able to handle any simple requests.
2	A mixed experience for our group. Some said their food was very good. My prawns were soggy and the rice was very salty. Drink service was very slow. Conversation was difficult, because of the noise.  Way overpriced even by overpriced LV standards.
3	Ok...I rated this place as 3 stars because it is a combo score.  I've been here twice and the first time would have been 1 star that I forgot to review.  That being said, this second time was a great experience that deserves 5 stars.  I'd like to go one more time and decide for sure where this place sits.Keep in mind that I'd jump to give the latest score to Red Square if it wasn't for the fact the 5 star experience came during a Private Event that was closed to the public.Food was being served in appetizers and a buffet, The bar was open tab, The vodka vault was free to enter and a caviar station was setup.  It was a great experience that was run very well.Not sure if it fully makes up for the awful dinner service I received a year prior.  Like I said, I'd try it one more time to make up my mind about this place.PS:  Just an FYI to anyone looking to come here for the Vodka Vault.  Please please please do not pay $100+ for this "privilege".  I attended this party because of the coveted vault, and when I got in there...I was shocked.  It was basically a smaller cooler the size of an apartment closet. Could fit about 5 people and listen to an employee tell you about 3 different vodkas followed up by samples of those vodkas.While it was fun to do...it was free.  No way in hell would I pay for that.
5	The food is AMAZING! Chef Jamie did an excellent job on the food preparation and the wait staff is very attentive. I love this restaurant!
4	Fantastic, as always - one of the main reasons we stay at The Delano (formerly THEHotel).  Love the smoked salmon pizza, and of course all of the caviar!  We had the caviar sampler and it was perfect.  We also each had a vodka sampler, and while it caused for an early night, it was worth it!See you soon, Red Square!
1	Went here again over weekend.  Food slightly better, table servers are kind of creepy and untrustworthy.  Don't leave your purse here, you wont get it back.  Bar is nice, the girls are almost always great.  BEWARE, some items on the menu, both food and at the bar, are EXTREMELY expensive, read well before you buy.Not likely  to ever return.
4	WOW.What an amazing place.Since I am half Ukrainian, Ive wanted to try the Red Square for Years but have never been with anyone who would go with me.Finally, Halloween night, my Fiance (Oh How I love her) was as excited as I was to try this place.WHAT a great experience.The food (although on the spendy side) was Exceptional. We had the Stroganoff (her favorite dish on earth) and the Shrimp dish. Afterwards, we went into the "Vodka Vault" and it was a BLAST. We tasted a flight of Russian Vodkas and were duely impressed.I highly recommend this place. especially if you want something a little different and fun.
3	The salmon pizza is great along with the service and the drinks.  Our entries (Beef Stroganoff was good but not great.  Very plentiful.  Very pricey.
5	These guys NEVER disappoint. Do the vodka freezer tasting- its an amazing experience!
3	I was in Vegas for a conference last week and we were doing a lot of dinners with clients and what not. On Thursday night, we went to dinner at Red Square with a large group of like 25 people. I dont know what everyone else thought of the food, but my friend and I didnt care for it much. The table started with the meatball appetizer which was probably the best thing I had there---it was very good. I think it came with like 3 or 4 meatballs in a small skillet and some bread to soak up the marinara sauce. My friend and I ordered the tuna tartar and it was probably the worst tuna tartar I have ever had. It was so so bland. It had no sauce or avocado or anything. We ended up sending it back because it was so plain---and it was served with slices of white toast which was super awkward. For dinner, the server noted that one of the most popular dishes was the Beef Stroganoff so I ordered it and it was very bland---it came with a large piece of beef brisket which was good, and a side of egg noodles with a mushroom cream sauce that was very bland and had no flavor to where I had to add salt to an already sodium filled dish. My friend ordered the same thing and she thought the same thing I did. The guy next to me ordered the stuffed lobster and he said his was very good.All in all, I dont think I would go there again. It was quite pricey for what you got and it wasnt that good. Lots of other yummy places in Vegas to eat!
5	This is a must stop for us every time in Vegas. The Siberian Nachos are A-mazing, and the drinks are silly good (enjoying the Chopin flight right now!). We were here last night and tonight and the both nights the manager waited on us hand and foot. Plus the servers were super sweet. Always a great experience here on all levels. Highly recommended.
4	Fun experience, good food! However, not even close to russian cuisine.
5	Great cocktails ,nice restaurant.I love their happy hour.Their Russian nachos just something else.definitely a good place to bring your friend there for a drink or dinner .
5	We had walked past it many times and decided to try it this time.  The service was excellent and the special tri tip for two with a side of mushrooms was excellent.  Paired with a nice, reasonably priced bottle of wine and good, warm rolls, it was a lovely meal.  We couldn't resist the salted caramel bread pudding dessert that had caramel corn in it.  It was delicious,
4	The steak by far is the best thing at palm's. dont love the location and the service isnot bad, but the steak..amazing
4	Nice place to eat if you are at the Delano or Mandlay Bay. The place Iliad a nice decor and the food and service was good. I had their spaghetti pasta in marinara sauce with lobster tail. It was well made though nothing extraordinary. We also took a bottle of Malbec wine (2008, Argentina) which was pretty good for about $50.
