2	Ate here once a week for almost a year.Until I got food poisoning =(I suppose it's the risk you take eating fast food, but I still won't be back.2 stars because as much as I eat there it was bound to happen eventually.
4	I feel like a dork for reviewing a Subway. I hate chain restaurants, and I hate fast food, so why am I doing this?? I feel like a super star whenever I walk into this store. It's always "HI, welcome to Subway!" The young men who work here always use "ma'am, " and "sir" which I think is so old school, but they really are always so respectful. I've started to keep my stunna shades on in the store since I get the rock star treatment anyway.
4	This is an older Subway but probably one of the most efficient Subway's ever. If you go here during lunch rush don't let the long line fool ya; they will move 10 people in less than 10 minutes. The employees are always friendly and reminding you of different promotions they have going on. Most of all they've always rang me up correctly even when it's chaotic- my wallet thanks them. Although I know prefer Jimmy Johns this particular Subway can still get my money when I don't feel like driving the extra way for Jimmy's!
3	I aways get a good sandwich here, but I gotta ask, why do these guys wear gloves?They don't take them off when touching anything else but the food. So going to get more lettuce from who knows where with your gloves on and then touch my sandwich is okay?Who's with me on this?
5	I go to this subway probably twice a week since it's so close to my work. The staff are always so friendly. I always get the veggie sandwich and it never disappoints me. Love subway!
5	This location is great.
5	Stopped here before going to Maricopa, Nikki and Embrea?  Were working and they were fantastic. Friendly efficient and funny. Will start coming here even though we live near 3 others.
5	Good quality sandwich for the price. Bonus is that they are nice to you!! Extra bonus is that they have diet sandwiches and baked chips and 5 calorie drinks to meet my dietary needs. I eat here for lunch almost once a week because of the nutrition aspect. It's quick, easy and affordable. Plus being nice to me by greeting me and acknowledging my presence is a bonus.
