5	This is a gem of a restaurant. Very small and quaint.  The Chef and waiters shop for local produce for the day. So what is on the menu that night is only what is fresh and locally grown.The service is AWESOME. THE food is delicious. THE WINE list is great.The waiters were so friendly, there were only two waiters, but the place is small, so it was never an issue. All our needs were always taken care ofThe chef came out and talked to us and he was just superb and so friendly. We chose the set menu with 5 dishes and it was soo worth it. The flavors are Peruvian but with a flair. First class dining and presentation. A GEM in Montreal, and a definite must if you are visiting the city!
5	Just go.  Amazing array of fresh and elegant cuisine.  Chef trained at Daniel in NYC.  Also owns Madre-one of the best weekend brunch places in the city.  Arepa soup was amazing.  Everything else elegant, and delicious.  Very reasonable for high cuisine.  I had a great Cremenera from Chile as a wine.  Good wines, and I think it's now a BYO place-even better.
5	Though I have not had the chance to visit Montreal since my last review in 2009, I have sent two different couples to this amazing restaurant. BOTH have called me as they were walking out of the restaurant to thank me for the recommendation because they had had an amazing meal. My parents were just there Saturday night and they are still raving about it. They have eaten all over the world, as well as Michelin rated restaurants and they said that this was the best meal they have ever had.THis Chef should open a restaurant in NYC or LA!!!!This is what I wrote in 2009:This is a gem of a restaurant. Very small and quaint.  The Chef and waiters shop for local produce for the day. So what is on the menu that night is only what is fresh and locally grown.The service is AWESOME. THE food is delicious. THE WINE list is great.The waiters were so friendly, there were only two waiters, but the place is small, so it was never an issue. All our needs were always taken care ofThe chef came out and talked to us and he was just superb and so friendly. We chose the set menu with 5 dishes and it was soo worth it. The flavors are Peruvian but with a flair. First class dining and presentation. A GEM in Montreal, and a definite must if you are visiting the city!
5	One more excellent review for Raza in Yelp. The food is absolutely delicious and innovative. We had 7 course surprise menu that we managed to pair very well with the wine we brought thanks to the recommendations of our host. A must try restaurant and I'm definitely going back for more magic culinary surprises :)
4	4.5 stars.We went here last night for Taste of Montreal event. Overall, it was an enjoyable meal with very innovative dishes that were like pieces of art. I ordered the pork, short ribs and chocolate cake. My husband ordered the scallop, arctic char and caramalized banana mousse. My husband actually enjoyed my entree and main morw than his. When it came to desserts he enjoyed them equally. I enjoyed my meal, but enjoyed the arctic char as well. It was like butter melting in my mouth. 1/2 star was taken off due to minor hiccups.
