1	I have been to physical therapy before in another state, so I knew what to expect heading into therapy. Unfortunately, nothing was right about this facility. I wanted someone to take my back problems (a herniated disc) seriously and work hard with me to correct them. I am young, and I was willing to put in the effort, but no one really seemed to have the desire to spend any time working with me. While I understand that no one is going to be at my side every moment that I am in therapy, I expect more than ten minutes (literally) of time with an actual therapist if I am going to be in the facility for an hour and a half. For the vast majority of my 7 visits to this facility I was left to my own devices, doing simple things that I could be doing and home (calf raises, riding a bike, etc.). And, the stretches that I was asked to do (not by the therapists, but by techs, who are not educated in PT) were not explained to me, so I did not know how I should be correctly stretching to avoid injuring myself further or actually potentially help myself heal (my massage therapist had to actually explain their stretches to me when I went to see her - I was doing most of them wrong). Between stretches, I had to proactively go find a tech and ask what to do next, because they were always busy talking among themselves, watching TV, or otherwise entertaining themselves. It is also pretty important that, if you're working in a PT facility, you have an actual education and degree in PT. Tim Soder has an abundance of techs (ie, "assistants" who are on-the-job trained) doing the majority of his work. Because I had concerns with the way my therapy was being handled, I have consulted a number of therapists who have confirmed that this is not how a therapy business should be run, and professionals in this business don't have a lot of respect for those who hire techs without therapy degrees to work with their patients. In summary, most of the staff members I encountered were very nice, but I would not recommend this place if you're looking for a great professional environment to help you get  back on your feet quickly from an injury.
4	I've been to several different physical therapy factories on town and thus one is not much different. Ido like the therapists and the facility is clean and well managed. If there was one thing I could say that would give a fifth star, it would be to accept less clients. I don't know if its a scheduling deal or just too many people but a little more one on one time would separate this therapy factory from all the others.
5	I have rehabbed many injuries with Tim and his staff and they are incredible! Cant say enough about how much they care and tend to all your needs.  I have been to both locations and both are top notch!  Ultimately the patient determines the pace of recovery by how hard they want to work at the clinic and at home.  The entire staff will be there to push you and get you back to normal in no time!  5 Stars!
5	If you need PT don't look anywhere else. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and talk to you in layman's term when describing the process.
