4	Hey man, say what you want about dollar stores; when you're poor and you need to get some stuff, you can get it here.  Is it always the best?  Of course not, it's a buck!  But it sure beats going without.This particular location is freakin' giant!  It's a little unorganized and can be crowded at times but, c'mon, everything's a buck!  If you can't understand why that's a plus well, then, you need to go back and take an economics class.On the upside, it's actually a much cleaner establishment than the Albertson's across the street.
3	a better 99 cent store with canned,frozen & fresh food items plus lots of other goofies. Not usually where i'd go for my essentials but they have alot of the same stuff for 99 cents here.
5	i thought i'd find regional merchandise outside of CA; it was the same exact stuff i find in CA.  same great stuff, so it gets 5stars. decent neighborhood
3	I've got no shame. I love shopping the $1 Store for general purpose things. Canned veggies, spices for cooking, the occasional emergency run for TP, even a replacement for the other cheap screwdriver that mysterious disappeared in the house can all be found at discount prices. Being the thrifty person I am, I can safely say with all humbleness that I don't mind being able to stock my pantry for the month for under $50.But being okay with this sort of thing comes with some responsibility. You have to realize that every impoverished family shops here, too. Every drug using, alcoholic, compulsive gambling deadbeat shops here, too. The homeless can manipulate a their panhandling earnings for a can of pork and beans, some bread, chips, and still have money to get a tall-boy at the liquor store down the block. Add to the situation that this store is also strategically placed a few blocks from UNLV and you can assure it's going to be a busy place.But at the price of $.99 per item (ranging from DVDs to kitchen tools), it makes this place a true bargain to shop despite all the inconveniences of the crowd. I can stock my pantry for the month, pick up snacks, get some garbage bags, get loaves of bread, and even some plastic to store it all in for well under $50. Like many stores of its kind, this place usually sells the overstock or closeout items from other places. I purchased some shaving cream and noticed a lose corner of the label. When I pulled the label off, it turned out to be the exact same generic brand that I would buy at Wal-Mart (Equate) for a couple dollars more! For music collectors, give the CD section a solid run through. I've found a handful of hidden gems for $.99. As for the quality of the food, you can't go wrong with the canned goods. The produce can be hit and miss. Don't buy produce unless you plan on using it right away. Also, don't mess with the dairy products. The sliced cheese is about the only thing worthy in this department. Like the produce, these things are close to expiration. But the big win is the bread. You can get an assortment of different kinds of bread, bagels, and muffins for under a buck!The only major thing that makes me not want to go there is the fact that there are never enough checkers up front. Seriously. Not once have I gone there and there not been a line of people waiting for one of three apathetic cashiers. The worst part of this experience is waiting behind some mother with a handful of kids all screaming. Then the woman realizes of the basket full of $.99 items, she missed something. So she puts the 10 year old in charge to watch her place in line while she continues to shop. Somebody never heard the saying, "Move your feet, loose your seat."This store, despite its flaws, is a great bargain and I never have a problem finding the things I need.Three Stars based on:Economic valueConvenienceBeing well stockedWould have rendered Four Stars if:More Cashiers up front!
4	I really like this one despite the charachters (very colorful people) and people outside asking for money. The best reason to come here is for the selection only- the store is not always maintained because it is so darn busy and the lines are long. Lots of tourists and university students shop here. I find lots of food deals here- microwave potatoes, bananas, frozen fruit like peaches, strawberries for smoothies, name brand oatmeal, Yoplait yogurt. Every once in a while, I will find Lean Cuisine here and Sara Lee bread. I usually do well here. When I took my mom here, she'd buy a whole cart full of stuff.
4	I can't see anyone not liking the 99 cent store.  Yeah, the customers there could be pushy and obnoxious and the staff could be a bit rude sometimes....but hey, don't you feel like a baller here??
2	I'm a fan of the 99 Cents Only chain. This location is not necessarily one that I'd return to.Pros: the entire parking lot slopes into the entrance so you can wheel the cart to and from the store at any angle. They had 3 or 4 cashiers going, so lines went quickly. Also found some damn large Rubbermaid containers in sets of 2. They were 5.2 cups each I believe.Cons: no bathrooms. Only store I've ever seen that has "permanently closed" the bathrooms to customers. Also was lacking in inventory, specifically the Brown and Serve sausages and the roach poison pellets that we were expressly searching for. We had to go to the store on Tropicana to get these items.Shape up, guys.
3	Well another adventure to 99 cent store land. And I'm finding out selection varies by store. The parking area is kinda tight and people are soliciting everywhere. And you have to wait for the people getting off the city bus to move before you can exit or enter the lot arrrgh. Move the bus stop. It's nice and clean inside, organised well they even have a little gift section. Still not enough cashiers though. And alot of tourists go here like it's some mystic gem in the desert to find things for 99 cents. And the cashiers will flip if you take pictures inside the store as the couple found out in front of me. Yayyy show them the real America by being rude jackass cashier.
4	A lot of variety!
4	Discount chain stores are usually as good as the neighborhood they are in, but for some reason I keep finding great items here from brand name manufactures. Maybe  that stuff gets snatched up quicker at the posher locations? Whatever the reason, this is my favorite 99 Cents store, as I've found Athenos feta, Mio drink mix and half decent shirts here. Oh and not to mention my favorite, Halloween decorations!The store itself can be a bit dingy a times, but I've never noticed any big messes or smells. I've also never had a problem with fellow shoppers, occasionally someone will ask where I found an item or talk about the rain. That's about the extent of communications with other people there.The only thing I don't like is the parking lot. There are a few blind turns and it is usually full of pedestrians and pigeons. I drive very slowly and carefully to avoid hitting either.
4	Find more and more items that in other stores cost 3 times as much!
5	Amazing what $1 can buy.  Plan on browsing around since the selection isn't quite identical from store to store or from week to week.  Some stuff, like Belly Flops bags, runs out and other items are manufacturers closeouts and won't be restocked once supplies are exhausted.  When I visit Las Vegas, I look for Belly Flops (for friends back in Hawaii) but always spend time going through the rest of the food and school supplies aisles.  Seem to spend more than $30 every time.
3	When you forgot to bring your toiletry essentials, this is the place where you can find it.  This location provides a few parking spots but gets pretty busy.  Lets just say you get what you pay for and get what you need.  That's pretty much what it is good for.  You'll have to wait a while since they only seemed to have a few registers open to help check out their customers. There were a few sketchy looking people out in the lot... so grab what you need and be on your way... haha.
3	When you forgot to bring your toiletry essentials, this is the place where you can find it.  This location provides a few parking spots but gets pretty busy.  Lets just say you get what you pay for and get what you need.  That's pretty much what it is good for.  You'll have to wait a w
4	Oh, my beloved 99 cent stores. I cannot stay away! The locations vary somewhat, but they all have busy parking lots, are somewhat grubby, and (especially here and the Maryland/Charleston location), you are quite likely to be hit up for change. I, personally, have mastered the art of the pre-emptive dirty look, and since my appearance is quite formidable, I have very little problem on that score. My favorite is the produce section. You can't really go in with a list expecting to find what you want, so you have to go with what they have. I have frequently found: large tubs of Earthbound Farms organic baby greens, bags of mixed sweet mini-peppers, pints of blackberries, blueberries & raspberries and quarts of strawberries, personal sized watermelons, 2 and 3 lb bags of grapes, portabello mushrooms, bunches of asparagus, grape tomatoes, bags of brussell sprouts, you get the drill. They almost always have bagged salads, potatoes, cucumbers, etc. I actually got a 3 lb pack of the best oranges I ever ate there. In the dairy case, I have scored logs of goat cheese, packages of Laughing Cows, ready-to-bake Pillsbury brownies, a huge carton of PollyO  (back east) ricotta, the deluxe lunchables that are 4 bucks at WallyWorld, and my best so far was a family-sized tub of Nestle chocolate chip cookie dough. On the shelves, my greatest hits were full-size packages of name brand cookies, large bags of Almond Roca, bags of pistachios, large bags of organic chips, beef jerky with bbq dip that appeared, again at WW, 2 weeks later for 5 bucks, 48 oz. Welch's grape juice, big jars of Hellman's (Best Foods to you) mayo, and jars of Planter's macadamia nuts. For $1? Hell, ya! I bought a case. Other stuff: My mom needed pills for congestion that were $14 at WW and $8 for the store band. Tried the 99 cent brand and they were just the same. Score! I even found these cool laundry folding devices they were selling on home shopping for $15. My best purchase that I almost regret: They had four giant rolls of foil metallic wrapping paper in different designs and colors. I wrap a lot of gifts, so I bought them all. That was about three years ago, and thank god we just had a shower for a baby girl so I could use up the last of the pink one. That stuff was beautiful, thick, high quality stuff, but those rolls never ended and we all got sick of looking at presents wrapped in the same old thing. Damn!My purchases that I do regret: Almost anything in the soap or toiletry line that isn't name brand. They tend to be very poor quality. You can't trust the canned goods or their packaged food with unrecognizable labels, and most of the cheese products are imitation. Batteries have a short life but are OK to attach to gifts that require batteries. Frozen meats are ghastly. Go with the pizza rolls. Happy hunting! (Practice your stink eye before you go).
3	Dollar store's are awesome! I come here to purchase baby wipes,sandwich baggies,baby powder,and other necessities. However, I would NOT buy batteries or charger cords here.  The location is a bit sketchy with random people approaching you for money or who are in some kind of stupor.
