5	Best bakery in Pittsburgh!  Cute little place in Aspinwall.  Very friendly staff.  I love how they put everything onto a tray, and then box it up for you.  Their scones were amazing, along with their Blackberry bar.  Good coffee too....
4	My Mom, a family friend and I decided to grab lunch at The Aspenwall Grill. Well when we were walking in the door we say this very bright pink building next to it, Bell Christie Bakery. We all decided we had to stop by after our lunch to see what it was like. We wandered it and it was about the cutest bakery I have ever been in. The whole place is set up to make you feel happy. It is totally pink on the inside as well and the people there are super friendly. After taking it all in we decided to order just a few small desserts. My mother got the red velvet push pop (that's right cake in a push pop) and she said it was one of the best things she has had. I bought the salted caramel cupcake and the Reese's cup, both were absolutely out of this world! This was one of the best bakeries in Pittsburgh, a definite try for anyone who lives in the city or is just visiting. I will be back next time I visit.
5	What a delicious bakery! Staff are friendly, and selection is very generous - it's often hard to decide on just a few items, and we always end up getting a lot more than we had originally planned...This place is close-by, and we love to stop in and get their mini cupcakes every so often. I especially liked their maple bacon mini cupcake - it hit some great contrast points: spongy cupcake, savory bacon, and the sweet maple. and was a big hit here at home.We love their cakes so much, it is our go-to place for everyone's birthday cakes here. Their pop cakes are wonderfully moist and really awesome too. Their menu changes, so check out their website for the month's offerings. Thanks, guys!
5	Bella Christies is the best bakery! My husband and I got our wedding cake and cake pops from there. As soon as we walked in I knew that we would get our cake from there because there were gems and glitter and sparkle everywhere! We just had a two tier cake for our reception because we are not huge cake fans but we also ordered cake pops which were a huge hit. They came covered in glitter (you can get them with just icing too). My colors were purple and gold with a skeleton key theme and we were able to have all of those details incorporated in our cake. We recently had our first anniversary and I didn't want to cut into our top tier because I loved our cake so much. Everything I've tried from this bakery is amazing. Their specialty cakes are awesome, especially the smores and peanut butter cake. They've always been very helpful when placing an order and on my most recent order they were able to make a cake with very short notice. I recommend this bakery to everyone!
4	I stopped last week on my way home and I have to say I loved it!  I had never been there before and walking in, it's so cute in there!  The vibe is what you would think of when you think of a bakery.  I got a variety of items including an assortment of their cupcakes, their mini lava cakes, mini peanut butter cake, chocolate chip cookies, and brownies.  I am a big fan!  I will definitley go back.  The cupcakes were devine...light and fluffy and very tasty.  Me and hubby both LOVED the ho ho cupcake...OMG best chocolate cupcake ever (and I have had a few chocolate cupcakes in my life:)  ).  The brownies were tasty as well.  It was a more dense brownie but awesome.  The lava cake was just terrific!!!!  And the PB cake, I would describe it as a peanut butter lava cake and holy cow was it delicious.  It was very sweet so if you don't like really sweet you may not want to try it but I have a big sweet tooth and it was SO AWESOME!!!!  It was the right mix of peanut butter with chocolate.  Wow!  It was my favorite thing that I tried.  The chocolate chip cookies were good but they were not my favorite, obviously.  I would say if you are ever in the area you should definitley make it a point to stop!  I will most certainly go back!
4	Donuts are delicious!!  Best to order in advance or come in the morning.  Gluten free items are pre-order only- bummer!I had a groupon and was NOT met with total warmth and fuzziness.
4	I stopped in Bella Christie Bakery yesterday after stopping up the street at Patty's Farmers Market. Enough fruits and veggies, now I need sugar! So I consulted Yelp, like I always do, and this little jem came up on my radar only a few blocks away. How is it I worked right up the street at Saint Margaret's for nearly two years and never stumbled upon this adorable bakery?? I wasn't Yelping in those days, and perhaps it's for the best, because I would have been in there at least once a week.The displays of sugary treats were so inviting. Bistro style tables are available for sitting and snacking, and it appeared like they offered coffee. I picked up a small sampling of deliciousness to take home for tea time with my lady. I scored a blood orange scone and my wife, ever the chocolate lover, got a scrumptious chocolate lava cake that was almost like a cupcake in the presentation. I also got two oatmeal creme pies because they smelled amazing and they weren't huge, so I felt like we could splurge. That scone was easily the best scone I've EVER HAD. And I looooovvveee scones! The blood orange flavor sounded intriguing and did not disappoint. With every bite I kept saying, "oh wow", "this is so good", and "mmmm". But I don't think my wife was even listening to me, she was totally engrossed in some ooey gooey chocolatey lava. I tried a bite and it was perfection, but nothing compared to this huge, buttery, sugary scone with icing drizzles and blood orange zest that I was savoring. It was the standout star of my evening tea time. The oatmeal creme pies were quite tasty. The cookies were soft yet with a slight crunch that held everything together, and the creme was sweet without being too sweet or overpowering. This was a happy, happy find. I love Yelp!The girls working in Bella Christie were so nice and helpful. You could tell they enjoyed what they were doing and they were passionate about putting forth an amazing product. And boy, did they deliver! I thought the price was very reasonable for the four pastries I ordered. $8 was getting off cheap compared to some other high end bakeries in town. Especially given the quality. I will stop here the next time I make a trip down 28 to the farmers market, and I'll make a dash to Bella Christie Bakery to buy every scone they have on their shelves!
4	Delicious vegan cupcake, but a lot of it stuck to the liner making it a crumbly mess. Womp womp. It was tasty though so I didn't mind too much. I had a hard time deciding what to get and eventually decided to get a simple cupcake. I went with the vegan because I like to see who makes good vegan cupcakes. Some bakeries make them and they taste horrible. Bella Christie got it right! I think if you can make a stellar vegan cupcake your baking skills on point! Next time I'm going to try a specialty cupcake. Salted caramel chocolate pretzel is calling for me.
5	I cannot express how amazing Bella Christie has been throughout my wedding planning process. I had a vision of square cupcakes to mimic wedding cake slices while still allowing different flavor options and unique decorations and they made it happen. Another local bakery refused to buy square pans and even refused my offer to buy them for the bakery! It was pretty shocking, so when Bella Christie said "no problem," I knew this was a great place!We planned a tasting day with ease at the Aspinwall location. All of the cupcake flavors we tried, Black & White, Red Velvet, Salted Caramel, Vegan Vanilla Funfetti, Almond Torte and Raspberry Lemon, were to die for. We brought a few different tasters along to see if everyone would be pleased, and they were. We couldn't choose only 3 so we ended up getting all of the flavors!Allergen free information: The Bella Christie team made me an allergen-free cake that was moist and delicious. I couldn't believe how good it was considering it was free of: gluten, soy, eggs, nuts, apples and bananas. They even made me a few fruit compotes to try with the cakes. I was so impressed! I highly recommend them if you have food allergies or dietary restrictions. They can also make vegan cakes as well as dairy free icings.
5	Some bakeries talk the talk, but don't walk the walk. This bakery does both. Everything looks amazing and tastes just as good as it looks. As soon as you walk in, you are taken to a world straight from a fairytale with the pink walls and glitter and you can almost taste the sugar from the delicious smell! There is so much to choose from ranging from mouthwatering cookies, to chocolate dipped items, to cookies and even decadent desserts... there is something for everyone! Their Italian Buttercream is amazing! They also have fresh made donuts available on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays. They customize anything you can dream of and truly cater to each client's needs. Amazing, top notch bakery... The best around!
4	Their cakes are beautiful with amazing detailed designs. Cupcakes are also great with so many wonderful flavor options. Prices are a little high but worth it to have a beautiful cake. They work well with the customer to make sure they understand what you're looking for!
5	Just happened by this wonderful little Sweet Boutique yesterday and HAD to stop in.What a great place! It just smells like the little bakery that your so use to as a child , So I had to buy a chocolate cupcake. It was just calling to me.Well , after eating it with my lunch , I actually went back and bought 6 MORE !This was the best cupcake that I could ever remember . They did not have that "plasticy" taste to them at all. No preservative taste , just rich creamy chocolate icing and wonderful cake.You have GOT to try Bella Christie. By the way , " Bella" is the Italian word for Beautiful.And I Agree !
2	Just had a wedding cake from here at the Smerker wedding.   It was pretty.  The decoration was nice.  Although, when I commented to the bride, she said it was not finished.   They sent the cake unfinished!  I would be infuriated as a bride,  but as a guest I suppose I didn't notice.   In my professional experience as a pastry chef, the cake was made from a Pillsbury  cake mix from a 50lb bag.  Again, my very well assessed assumption..The icing was so full of shortening I couldn't  eat it all.  It was for sure not an Italian buttercream, a typical wedding icing.  2 stars is quite gracious.   The almond flavor in the cake was very strong and overwhelming...  A person who doesn't go out much would think it was good. An experienced person or Foodie would give 1 to 2 stars for this cake.  Disappointed.
5	I asked Bella Christie's to do my wedding cake after looking everywhere for a cake that would taste good and be sensitive to my gluten intolerance.  This bakery had been recommended by my florist.  I had a white almond cake with raspberry jam filling iced with Italian butter cream.  The wedding cake was beautiful and tasted fantastic.  The person that I worked with, Amanda, was extremely helpful.  I am intolerant to gluten although not allergic.  I didnt want my guests to have gluten free cake because I wasnt worried about cross contamination.  Amanda made sure that I had a gluten free layer and the other two layers were regular cake.  This saved me a lot of money and my guests really enjoyed dessert.  The cake was expensive, but I compared at least 7 other bakeries in the area and found that it was at least comparable in terms of price.  Wedding cakes are unfortunately more expensive!  If I had done an entirely gluten free cake elsewhere it would have been significantly more.Amanda also took care of my bridal parties special requests.  One of my bridesmaids was allergic to nuts and my cake had an almond extract.  Amanda made sure my bridesmaid was taken care of with a special cupcake.
3	God I love bakeries. My level of affinity for cake (and baked goods in general) is probably intervention-worthy, but I don't care. Is there anything else in this world as comforting and delightful as a moist slice of cake or a warm, soft-baked chocolate chip cookie? I didn't think so.I had tried a few offerings from this nearby bakery several months ago, with mixed feelings. I loved their cake donuts, which were tender and delicious and loaded with all sorts of fun and yummy toppings (Note: at the time, the Aspinwall location was selling donuts, but when I was there recently there was a sign on the door saying they now only have them at their L'ville store). Anyway, so I enjoyed their donuts, but I remember being unimpressed with their cupcakes. But, like I said, it's been awhile, and I've been wanting to give them another try so I can get a more recent and accurate assessment of their goodies. So the other day I stopped by and picked up an assortment of sweets for a friend and I to sample.The goods: 3 cupcakes (ho-ho, apple pie, and pumpkin), 1 brownie (ho-ho brownie bar), 1 lemon square bar, 1 congo bar (like a 7 layer bar), and 1 cookie (peanut butter pile up). Everything looked really gorgeous and tantalizing, so this bakery definitely gets style points. But how did they taste?The results:Ho-ho cupcake -- The cake had a good chocolate flavor, but was kind of dry. The frosting was fudgy and piled high. It was too sweet given how much of it there was. The cream in the middle of the cupcake was a welcome burst of vanilla flavor to cut all of the chocolate.Pumpkin cupcake -- I love anything and everything pumpkin, but was really disappointed in this. The cake was dry with little discernible spice. The frosting was hardly sweet and tasted overwhelmingly like cream cheese and little else (despite being called a "cinnamon cream cheese frosting").Apple pie cupcake -- The only cupcake I really liked. This one was tender, probably due to the apple compote in the middle that provided moisture. The crumb topping added a nice sweetness that balanced the not-very-sweet vanilla buttercream.Ho-ho brownie -- The brownie itself was tender, moist, fudgy, and delicious. It was topped with tons of the same frosting as the ho-ho cupcake, which made it too sweet. There was also hardly any vanilla frosting on this to balance the chocolate flavor. This would've been better had it just been a brownie without any frosting.Lemon square bar -- The shortbread crust on this was way too hard and nearly impossible to break apart with my fork. Good lemon flavor, but overall nothing noteworthy.Congo bar --This is their version of a 7 layer bar. A good 7 layer bar to me is moist and chewy, and this one was really dry and crumbly. The flavors were there, but the texture was really a miss. Peanut butter pile up -- This was a HUGE cookie sandwich consisting of two peanut butter cookies with a peanut butter ganache in the middle. I liked this one. The cookies were soft, buttery, and drizzled in chocolate, while the ganache was delightfully sweet and silky. This was VERY rich though, so one or two bites was more than enough.Overall verdict: 7 treats and 2 stomach aches later, I proclaim that the results were  mixed. A lot of goods definitely seemed to trend on the dry side here, which personally is not my cup of tea. There are definitely better bakeries in the area, but this one is, as the 3 stars indicate, "A-OK."
