4	Tiny. A deli case and a meat case. Both filled with quality products. Staff is quick, on-the-ball and friendly. Come with an idea, not a plan. Buy what looks best, or what you can afford. It's not cheap - quality never is. There are a few dry good items like pasta - but if you are looking for that kind of stuff, head to Romanelli's...don't come here. Come here for the meat. They specialize in corn-fed Iowa beef. If you are looking for grass-fed...I don't think these are the droids you are looking for, but they might be able to order it? What I DO know: is that the ribeye I had from here yesterday was AWESOME (so well marbled). Melted in my mouth. The hot dogs and sausages looked mighty tasty - but that's for another day...
5	By far my fav place! Al and Trudy offer exceptional customer service and product. I was never a huge meat eater but i must say when you have the best its hard to turn away.They always offer cooking tips and techniques, which are greatly appreciated! The stuffed peppers are a must when you visit! My husband and I try to get up here every few weeks, sometimes just because we enjoy the two owners so much!
5	The owners, Al and Trudy and their staff don't just sell the meat, they're knowledgeable about all the cooking techniques as well. Their customer service is exceptional and the meat is very high quality. We really enjoy the rib eye and the porterhouse. Though everything is quite good. They also have hard to find food items from Itsly. Shop here, you won't regret it.
5	Just stopped in at Al's after a few years living away from the West Valley.  It's the same as before . . . excellent!  They are closed SUN-MON-TUE, but plan ahead (it's a "Mom and Pop" kinda place and they deserve time off too).  I purchased some awesome steaks that melted in our mouths and some chicken breasts that were downright delicious!  I also picked up a couple of frozen meat loafs for the freezer.  Best meat loaf hands down.  What can I say?  I really missed Al's.  Nothing's changed.  I'll be back for sure.
5	I've been living on this side of town for over 4 years and have driven by the "Iowa beef" sign almost daily when I finally wised up and stopped in this amazing place. Why oh why did it take me so long!? Al's is a small butcher shop but they carry everything you could ever dream of in regards to meat.  Chicken, beef, pork, they even have homemade sauce and meatballs!  It's a carnivores fantasy. They grind their own beef right there and it's out of this world! 85/15 and just the most delicious flavor (you can request the fat ratio you'd prefer if this isn't to your liking). The beef is antibiotic free and hormone free too! Chicken is free range, they have lamb and veal upon request too! Not to mention deli selection,  and trays too! Whoa, overload here. If you're looking for a great butcher and shop and want to know where your meat is coming from this is the place for you.  Believe me, you won't be disappointed.  Mmm Mmm mmmmmmmm.
