4	At first, I wasn't sure whether I'd like having a Walgreens at this location, in front of Trader Joes.  Today, I visited it for the first time, and now I can see myself picking up a few things here each week after my Trader Joes run.  The store was clean (it better be, though, it was brand new), they had what I was looking for (bags of ice), and the cashier was friendly.  That's about all I can ask for.
4	Very non ghetto :-) Okay to leave gat in the RIZIDE!
4	Welcome to one of my favorite shopping centers Walgreens! This is a great location for this drug store. I can't count the number of times I was shopping at Trader Joes and wished there was a drug store near by to grab some last minute essentials. Luckily, the drug store elves heard my wishes and opened up this location! It's your typical Walgreens with all the basic needs, but I like it!
3	Located near J Alexanders and Blanco, I drop in here from time to time when I'm on my lunch hour.  If you're dining at one of those places, it's very convenient.  It can get crowded in the parking lot though.  However, it's in a great location and very clean.Return Factor - 80%
4	I have been to many Walgreens. It's never anything special. It's an errand, just another check off the day's to do list. This Walgreens is different. I've been here a few times as it is so conveniently located and every time I am welcomed as if the employees are truly happy to see me. Today I was picking up some prints that I'd sent from my phone this morning (love that feature!) and as I stood at the photo counter, I watched the cashier interact with other customers. I couldn't stop watching as he chatted with customer after customer as if each of them was a neighbor of his. I didn't wait too long before someone came over to help me at the photo counter. He didn't ask me what I needed or for my name even. He asked me if I brought him lunch, I laughed and told him I had not. He shook his head and said he knew I'd forget and handed me my photos. He must have recognized me from my selfies.  I shopped around a bit and found everything I needed and then checked out. Kirk has been the cashier I've had every time I've come in. He made conversation with me, like I watched him do with the other customers. Kirk really makes every customer feel like they matter to him. I messed up my pin *twice* because I'm spastic but he was patient. He and I joked about how I must not be so good with the numbers. I will take off a star for my rating because some of my pictures were cropped in a way that took some heads off and I was super disappointed about that. I don't blame the guys for that but I wish I wasn't charged for those photos. Overall I love this Walgreens and I'm happy to come back again and again.
5	I initially went to CVS for my prescription and when I got there, they told me the systems were down and Id have to go back tomorrow. I was in serious pain and really sick and couldn't  wait that long. They didn't seem to care at all.  Thankfully I got a print out of my prescription from the doc because a went to this Walgreens and they rushed my prescription and had it ready in 10 mins. They won my continued business. Great service and very compassionate when I told them I was not feeling well and they said they would hurry on my order. Highly recommend!
