1	Please save yourself the time, money and stress and do not go to this Wendy's. We first went to this place just after it was built and the service SUCKED. Cold food, SLOW employees, terrible service, they don't know which way is up for ordering anything, constantly mess up orders, they just don't know what's what. And, it wasn't just this one time. Oh no. Maybe we're the stupid ones? We've still gone to this Wendys for YEARS. Why? I can't answer that. We know it's going to be terrible all around every time. Just recently, I was there and 3/4 of the employees were sitting on the patio outside talking and smoking. My guess is they weren't on break either. Probably five or six of them, while one or two were inside. None of them cared anyway. What's it matter...They have that many people and they still can't get anything right? One day, I was just fed up with this place and went to go look for comment slip to fill out (not like they would read it anyway) or some kind of person who "runs" this sorry joint. No manager that I could find, and the comment slip box was empty. I will complain corporately about this Wendy's. It's almost as if they PURPOSELY hire bad, careless slow workers to work in this place. It's never the same employee every time you go. Frankly, they just do not give a hoot. At least you can sit in the corner away from the chaos and melt away your thoughts about the bad service while realizing your meal is cold, order is wrong and the fries are soggy while enjoying blaring loud Spongebob.
2	I eat breakfast here at least once a week, and they mess my order up at least once a week. It gets old to have your hot coffee so cold that you can drink it like a soda, no bacon on a bacon sandwich, items completely missing or incorrect items given. If there were a Wendy's closer, this one would be out of business. The staff here should be retrained or fired, but judging by the fact that the manager is the one working the drive thru every morning messing up the orders, perhaps its the later.
1	Not only can't they get the order correct, they can't put everything in the bag that I paid for.I'm never comming back you brainless morons.FYA.
5	Fresh. Hot. Fast. Drive-thru had GREAT customer service.I don't know what to say about the previous reviews. Perhaps this location had a management change for the better.
