5	Victor is a terrific realtor.  He help us to buy our house when we moved to the area and sell our house when we were moving.  He is very knowledgeable about the area and the ins and outs of real estate.  Victor worked really hard for us and constantly went above and beyond.  He really cares about what is best for you and not just the sale, but he really knows how to make those too! We tried to find a realtor with his values in the area we moved to, but no one can compare! If we ever end up back in the Charlotte area we are definitely using Victor!
5	Folks, this is as good as it gets.  Victor helped us with the purchase of our new home and we could not have been happier.  He is very knowledgeable about every neighborhood we looked in and was a trusted resource for us as we went through the process.  Victor made himself available anytime we needed and always went above and beyond.
5	Victor is a fantastic Realtor.  He went above and beyond in helping us find a home.  We are from out of town and he would maximize our time when we would come into towns and did a great job of understanding our needs.  He would even go look at homes for us when we couldn't be there in person.  He is also very thorough during the buying process and makes sure you are making a sound purchase.  A great realtor that knows his way around Charlotte!
5	There are few times in life when you get to meet such a polished individual. We are new to the Charlotte, NC area and Victor took us step by step through the contract process.  I was so impressed by his knowledge and experience that I immediately knew I wanted him to represent me in the home buying process.  This is the real deal.  Victor will be an asset to your home buying process!
5	We highly recommend Victor from Savvy & Co.  Currently relocating from Chicago, IL, we reached out to Victor online to see if he was available to meet in a few days during our first visit the area. Victor responded to us within 5 minutes (late on a weekend night no less), and immediately began answering all of our questions, and set up time to discuss our plan.  Our trip went great, and Victor was incredible during our 3 1/2 days of research and real estate shopping.  A lot of coffee, mileage, and an incredible amount of showings later, we left Charlotte with a great feel for the area, from Dilworth to South Park, Huntersville and beyond.   We saw a lot, learned a lot, and couldn't have had a more productive trip, all thanks to Victor!
5	Victor is a fantastic real estate agent.  In the past few years, he has helped our family as well as close friends in finding homes in Charlotte. He is personable, really takes the time to listen to your needs as a buyer, and has extensive knowledge about the area and its market.  His guidance was invaluable, I cannot recommend him enough!
