2	1 star for the fries that keep me coming back like a bad itch. Plus one more for the 24 hour bit - for the pure entertainment watching people passed out over their booth. Awesome.
2	My b/f and I  ate at the Garden Cafe because we were at the Tropicana and in a rush to eat something before a show, so it was solely out of convenience.I had a salad that was drenched in soupy dressing.  If you ever get a salad here, do yourself a huge favor and please ask for the dressing on the side.  Otherwise you will probably be fishing pieces of lettuce out of a bowl of dressing.  My b/f had the meatloaf, which was o.k.  However, we both thought that the mashed potatoes tasted a little strange.The staff was friendly and served us quickly because we were in a hurry.I would probably not eat here again unless it was my only option late at night.
1	Me and my workmates slummed to the Tropicana to see the Bodies Scientific Exhibition and got hungry before we had to jet out of town.  The Garden Cafe was the only place that seemed reasonable and was open at 5pm.WHAT A MISTAKE!The decor was repellant.  I felt like I was waiting for the Golden Girls to shuffle around the corner.  Ordering was a real ordeal, as the server didn't seem to understand his own menu.THEN, THE HORROR BEGAN...Two tables over, a woman gets up and starts projectile vomiting.  She starts to lumber toward our table, which was inconveniently nearest to the loo.  Her hubby seemed completely uninterested and didn't even look up from his plate.  We nearly jumped out of our skin trying to avoid the ersatz Linda Blair hulking down the aisle.  Of course, right when that trauma was over, our server comes over to offer us some soup.  Yeccch!!!The servers didn't attempt to clean up the mess despite our repeated requests.  Repulsed, we moved to another section to avoid the stench.  The hostess actually had the nerve to come over and to order us back to our table.  EXCUSE ME, MISS?  CAN YA CLEAN UP THE BARF FIRST???  Disgusted, we bolted instead and vowed to NEVER EVER step foot in such a wretched place.
2	2 Stars for being 24/7! First, I knew not to expect the best or even an average meal. This spot is good for a quick bite, to fill your belly, and in general just for a par to sub par meal. You shouldn't expect the best here. Second, the service echo'd that of a Denny's and same goes the food. I would have rated this 3 stars but to be honest its lower than average. The food will not kill you here so no worries. The diner looked fairly worn. It has seen better times but overall to be open 24/7 you can't complain, I guess.
1	I would give this place zero stars if possible. I showed up at 2am with two friends. There was a group of 3 seated and that was it. We were going to order food, but there wasn't a waitress in sight. Finally she asked us our order, so we place our order and asked for a soup to go since our friend was sick  w/ the flu and we wanted to get her soup. Our waitress said "what are you going to put the soup in, a to-go box?" We said no, how about a cup. She said that they don't have cups. We asked, "what does room service use then?" She said that room service is different. We said the hostess said it was okay for us to order to go. The waitress then walked away and asked the hostess. She returned and said that it was okay so we ordered a cup of soup. 15 minutes later she returned with a styrofoam CUP of soup (the tiny ones). My smart ass boyfriend asked what a cup of soup was and the waitress snapped back, "I measured it, and this is a bowl of soup.:" So we complained to the hostess and asked for a manager but there wasn't going to be a manager on duty until the morning. The hostess apologized and said that the cup was the only thing that they had. The food is typical for a cheap casino and thankfully I didn't pay. LOL. To be female :)
1	"What Dust???"I am stuck at the crappy Tropicana Hotel here in Vegas on a TKD tournament.  Of course crappy hotel equals crappy restaurants.Last night after a few drinks my friends and I went here to grab a bite...while we were eating the waiter starts VACUUMING around us!  I understand we're not eating at the Bellagio or Wynn but come on even Denny's don't pull this kinda crap.So I politely asked him if he could wait until we were done with our meal which he replied, "Well I have to finish this area."  The Manager came (old, crusty white lady) and when I told her the vacuuming caused dust and ruined my meal she said, "What dust?"  WHAT DUST!?!?  The crap I'm breathing in between my bites bitch!  Manager then said, "He needs to work his shift and finish vacuuming" and basically didn't care about customer service.I could've raised hell but I decided to save my breath.  I plan on writing a letter to the hotel restaurant department as well as the health department instead.STAY AWAY!  There's a Deli in this hotel that is tucked away in the corner that serves pizza, hot sandwiches and stuff...and the workers are SWEET and POLITE!
2	I ate here not wanting to wander too far off before my shuttle to the airport arrived. I knew it would be crappy food and the Garden Cafe delivered! It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. The decor of the cafe is just as humorous as the rest of the Tropicana.I didn't, however, order anything out of the ordinary. Chicken Fried steak and biscuits and gravy is what I stuck to. I think if you order anything fancier at a joint like this--you might be suicidal. Naive? Optimistic? One of those. Order safe!I thought the service was fine. The servers were actually very nice to me. I think it makes a difference if you're not drunk off your ass, 'cause they were a little more severe in their dealings with drunk people that came in. Fascinating theater if fate is smiling on your timing while you eat here!
4	I have come here many times while I'm in Vegas since it is close to where I gamble.  The Garden Cafe has excellent, juicy burgers.  This time, we tried the blue plate special of the day and it was fish and chips.  The fish was flaky and excellent, much better than the one I had at Farmer Boys.  The service could use some improvement.  The waiter was excellent at the beginning and then seemed to disappear for 15 minutes.  The bus girl saw that our cups were empty but didn't ask if we wanted refills.  But the food is always good....Service....ummm questionable....
3	The garden cafe was a pleasant change after years of being stuck with Kady's at the Riviera for the last 5 years (organizing a conference doesn't leave a ton of time to escape the hosting hotel).  The biscuits were great, fresh soft and fluffy every time I ordered them.  The meatloaf was nice and juicy, and the accompanying gravy was awesome.  All in all it was pretty good diner food, without having to leave the hotel, and It's open 24 hours.  The service was kinda of slow, but compared to Kady's, it was great!
