1	Had the opportunity to sample the Festival Buffet for a business luncheon today and was disappointed on several points.There is no breakfast, so that mean..... no eggs, egg white, egg substitutes; just Denny's mehThe Stir fry station had what looked to be the only edible veggies there, however, they stir fry them in so much oil its ridiculousThe service was slow and not the quality of other Station locations, especially inside their famous "Feast buffets"Overall, I thought it was pretty bad and don't plan on a future visit anytime soon.
2	@stationcasinos N Rancho #Vegas #Easter Buffet $13.00 per person.Most of my experience at any Stations Casino Buffet have been less than stellar BUT  I'm a sucker for CHEAP and I keep going back.Just now I have Lowered Expectations...always hoping at least dessert can save the day if the rest of the buffet is as expected.Easter dinner offered Lamb Chops,Turkey,Ham and Crab Legs..sounds good right?? Nope still a Stations Casino Buffet.The only way you can get them to change something out is to take it all put it on your plate yourself and throw it away. They had the same 6 lamb chops looking all pathetic the whole time I was there. The crab legs were COLD and they said they would heat them up-too many or too much something. They did offer made-to-order mongolian food whatever that is BUT the pasta,pizza,mexican,chinese and american was pathetic as usual-all dried up and unappealing-twice I walked the whole thing and NEVER put anything on my plate. This time EVEN the desserts didn't do the trick. The bread pudding was ok but the cheesecakes were dry and the other stuff that looked good was SUGAR-FREE--yuck!!!I never learn!!! :(
3	Went for a cheap breakfast forgetting it was a Sunday and Champaign Brunch. But was glad we came. First the champagne was more than drinkable. Extra dry and not that Seven-Up stuff you get elsewhere. Had a cooked-to-order omelet and lots of breakfast sides that were all tasty. Finally the service was outstanding. Better than any off-strip buffet I've been to. Can't speak about the various stations since I only ate breakfast but they did not look very appetizing. But I plan to go back for Sunday Brunch again.
3	This is another good cheap Las Vegas Buffet.  Taco's are pretty good, the fish is pretty bad.  They also ran out of bean sprouts for the Mongolian Grille.  Regardless, I will go back many many more times.  Can't beat the price.
3	Because the price for dinner is $5.99, a lot of low income people come here daily. But, on the other side of the spectrum, you get a lot of stereotypical suburban middle-class families(you know, the ones with the 9-5 jobs, 2 children and a dog) eat here to save money.They allow homeless people to eat here. Today, there was a homeless man eating here. He brought his giant bag full of empty soda cans, clothes, and all types of items he had collected in his life.  For the next 40 minutes we had to hear him scream, talk to himself loudly, make loud choking/coughing noises, and to make things worse he constantly kept banging the table with both his fists for no apparent reason. These episodes of punching the table went on for about 30 seconds at a time, and could be heard from outside the restaurant.The server just decided to abandon the area. He knew that everyone sitting in the 4 tables surrounding the homeless man was gonna be pissed. He accepted the fact that he was not gonna get a tip from any of those guests, and made a decision to not service any of us. This isn't the worst experience I've had with a host sitting me next to inappropriate people. When I was at the Flamingo in Laughlin, the idiot host sat me next to a group of 6 guys with swastikas tattooed on their foreheads.I'm actually shocked that the bum didn't ask anyone for spare change when waiting in line at the Mongolian BBQ area. I'm gonna give this place an extra star for actually serving Turkey at the carving station instead of possum. I'm also gonna give this place another star for making sure there wasn't a severed toe in the bread pudding.
1	I became sick from the Tilapia today. The waitress called over the manager & she bullied me into her own belief that the fish was fresh?  I became immediately I'll & vomited in the Restroom. We were not treated like guests & I have never become ill during a meal.  It was embarrassing & the service we received was horrendous!!
1	Congratulations on getting my 1st one star review. The food in this buffet is terrible. It always seems to be bland and wrong.The fried food tastes like its been under a heat lamp all day. Sometimes the meat is tough, sometimes its dry, but usually never just right. I actually made a vow to never eat here again, even with free comps. It's that bad. If you want something cheap and decent, check out the Denny's just a few steps away.
2	The only thing I enjoyed was the Mongolian gril & my beer. I don't think I'll be going back unless I'm really in the for the Mongolian BBQ.
2	Food was okay, I've had better. Service was good but I waited a long time for refills.
2	For someone who doesn't like buffets, I end up eating at a lot of buffets. We met here to try the Hawaiian buffet items that they carry on Tuesdays. The price is $12.99 with a player's card. The only things I would be interested in eating again were the roast pig and bbq pork. The rest of the food didn't do much for me. Most of the main dishes and sides I tried were over salted and the dessert options were just sad. The only thing I liked from the desserts were the little cream puffs that you can buy at the grocery store. Service was sufficient, but there were times that dirty plates and empty drink glasses sat a little longer than I would have liked. The sodas on the second round of drinks were all flat, so no one drank them and it was hard to find our server again to get them replaced. They have singers and a hula dancer that come around to entertain everyone on Tuesdays. It was pleasant, but I would have preferred they stuck to one corner of the buffet instead of moving around to each table, since we had to awkwardly sit through their set, afraid to be rude and walk up to get more food while they performed. I heard other patrons complaining about the price since it was a special menu that they weren't anticipating. They did have a good amount of Hawaiian items to choose from, if you're interested in checking it out and the price seems about right for it. Just make sure you sign up for their player's card to receive the discount, since it's about four dollars more if you don't have one. One player's card will get you the discount for up to two diners.
3	went for Hawaiian night.  for $13, it wasn't too bad.  I wasn't expecting much, and it is a good thing I wasn't.  for the highlights, spam fried rice was really tasty.  the chicken long rice wasn't too shabby.  the roast pig was a big disappointment.  the poke was good.  I definitely got my money's worth in poke alone.  kalua cabbage and huli huli chicken were on the ok side.  the won tons in the won ton soup were actaully quite good.  if fiesta rancho wasn't so far away i would go again.  but it is pretty far from me.  but the $13 price is worth it for the poke alone.
1	Where to start? Hawaii buffet for 12.99 with players card good deal right? Nope the food was horrible. First off poi was definitely frozen and not fresh and those little serving cups made it ridiculous.  I had to grab 9 of those to fill a small bowl. The poke fish was the same and I swear there was more onions than fish. The spam fried rice was to me the highlight of the dinner. The bbq pork was pretty good if it was from the fresh batch. Apparently they do not know the difference between roast pig and kalua pig. They basically had a pig that looked liked it was hacked with an axe. No shredded pig whatsoever and being it was just randomly hacked the meat was dry.On one of the flyers at the door laulau is mentioned. When I asked where was it they said they don't serve that there. So let's move onto the sweet stuff.... The malasadas is definitely no Leonards but my suggestion to you is eat it hot. Once it cools you may chip a tooth. The pineapple upside down cake was ok but how can you really mess that up? Now as for the haupia. Oh my I'm guessing way too much cornstarch. I couldn't stop laughing. I picked it up and it bounced off my plate like a ball. The waitstaff was nice though they kept serving us flat soda even after I mentioned it.But what's the saying? You get what you paid for.... well I feel robbed. My suggestion take your 12 bucks and eat at a regular Hawaiian restaurant or better yet wait till Saturday pay more and do the Silvertons Hawaiian buffet, way worth the 20 bucks. All I know is I'm gonna ask for a partial refund since all I really ate was rice.
1	Review is for Hawaiian Night Tuesdays.This buffet really lives up to its 2 stars - I walked in with low expectations, but figured that it's kind of hard to screw up Hawaiian buffet food, so how bad could it be? The answer is pretty effing bad.  I was lured in with promises of laulau, kalbi and lechon (crispy whole roast pig) - all lies. No laulau or kalbi, and their lechon was tasteless with rock hard skin not crispy. Some other reviews complained about the poke servings being small, but who cares - it's ayce and these were big chunks of decent quality fish. That, the fried rice and the chicken long rice were the only positives I found - they managed to eff up everything else there. Even desserts were bad - I've never seen bread pudding that looked like that, hard stale malasadas, pasty haupia w big chunky gobs of cornstarch in it. I felt guilty with how much food I threw away.Even at only $13 I felt ripped off with how awful the food was. If you have to do a Hawaiian buffet, do Silverton's for $20 instead. I also heard that Silver Sevens (ex Terribles) has a Hawaiian night coming up with a loco moco bar! So fingers crossed that doesn't suck balls too.
