3	I played the Palm Course with a friend.  Nice place with a lot of water which provides some good scenery and some thinking while playing.  The course is flat, and in some parts very lush.  In other parts it is a little dry.  Not an overly creative layout and a little pricey for the type of course it was.  Still it was an enjoyable round.
1	The Palm Course was in very poor condition for the money.  Greens were poorly kept, one had a large brown/sandy area on side of green.   Water comes into play on many holes, 9th hole has water on the left, with a left sloping, rock hard fairway.  Most of the greens are elevated, making what appears to be a nice resort type course very frustrating.  Greens are hard and do not hold no matter what spin you put on the ball.  Would definitely not play this course again.
2	The place was packed, un-rangered and the course was in terrible shape. 5 hour round with slow greens and old boring layouts on both Palm and Pine courses. The price was nothing special and I injured my wrist there so f it. There are definitely much better choices for the money in Scottsdale. Also the course was full of wanabe's that look like they go to the PGA tour store and fashion themselves after Ian Poulter. BRING YOUR OWN WATER as they only have a few fountains on the course and the water that comes out of them is an un-drinkable 100 degrees. How can they not put out iced water coolers in AZ?
3	You know what? This is a pretty good bargain relative to the other courses in the area. From the tips its a challenging track(only played the pine) but not over bearing. When i played in April 2010 it was in really good shape. I think of it as one of the Biltmore courses(old style, not desert) with length and more challenging and less costly. Of course, you give up some of the nice amenities like a nice cart and such but that doesnt bother me.
3	Melissa and Steve's wedding; what a great time with family and friends.
3	My friend got married here over the weekend. I am in the wedding business and am also a wedding addict, they are kinda my thing and I cant help but critique a place. Things I liked: The venue was beautiful! Very pretty, loved the crystal chandelier and the floor to ceiling glass walls that were retractable! Nice touch. The grounds and back drop to the ceremony were fantastic. The staff was very nice and courteous. Things I didn't like: They had ANOTHER wedding going at the same exact time just a hop skip and a jump away! I don't know if my friend knew they double booked or not, but while we are seated waiting for our bride to walk down the aisle we were able to watch the other bride and her whole wedding take place. NOT COOL. We had to go outside and down a walk way to get to the bathrooms that were shared with the other wedding. The bathrooms were alright but the paper towel dispenser broke and they just sat a roll of paper towel on the counter, klassy. The wedding was to start at 4:30, guests started arriving at 3:45. The venue was no where near completely set up, my husband had to hold me back from jumping in. They were letting guests INTO the reception venue, people were taking their cards off the escort table and going and sitting at their tables, instead of showing them to the ceremony area. The gift table was not set up outside where it was supposed to be, people were walking around with gifts in their hands, until the manager realized it wasn't out there and moved it outside. Water wasn't even set up, we sat there and watched them scramble to get things together, as if the wedding was a total surprise that it was happening that day! While guests are being seated a water pipe or sprinkler bursts and is gushing like a fountain spraying water at least 10 feet into the air just mere feet from all the guests, it was a big soggy mess, they got chairs and string and tried to rope off the area so people wouldn't sink into the huge mud area the water had made, it also took a good 10 minutes for them to get the water turned off. The food was typical wedding food, We had a duet of fillet Mignon and chicken Marsala, I salted and peppered it before I even took bite and it was so bland I had to season it more. That's all I got. The venue is really very beautiful, but the managing staff/event coordinators have no clue what the are doing.
5	I golfed at McCormick with a buddy yesterday.  Before playing, we bought our Southwest Section PGA passes and they gave each of us two free rounds of golf.  Well, free excluding cart fees - but hey... $25 to play 18 isn't bad at all.  We played the Palm course, which was in great condition, had a few beers on the course, and grabbed a sandwich at the turn.  I will definitely be returning to use my certificates and play the Pine course sometime soon.  Word to the wise: bring or buy extra balls - quite a few of ours ended up in the lakes.
2	I havent even stepped foot on this property and am only writing my experience of trying to get info. I inquired info for my wedding there. I had a menu in mind and emailed it over. I was told that the chef did not feel comfortable doing it. It was a pretty typical menu, filet and fish with sides, etc and a Chinese food station (typical chinese food nothing crazy). strange, but whatever.  I then asked for menus to look at and the coordinator sent it to me saying that the menus are not extensive and have been this way for the past 8 years. thats a great selling point...not. i tried to set up an appointment to see the place but the coordinator seemed to never be available. the coordinator didnt seem to care if i booked there or not. not a feeling you should let your client's feel. there are so many places out there, you should be fighting for business. or maybe even care a little bit more.a friend of mine, her brother got married there a year ago. she ended up doing  A LOT. she had to lay the linens down which is the venue's responsibility (their linens). they would not put centerpieces down or help with lighting some candles. my friend and her husband was there hours before the wedding setting up tables, chairs and linens and stayed after the wedding tearing it down. from what i can tell in photos, it does look beautiful, but the service i have had so far stinks. if i can getting this kind of experience now, what kind am i getting day of my wedding or the days leading up to it?
3	Played an afternoon twilight round of golf with my son.  There is a lot of water, so be prepared.  Even water in the sand traps, which was surprising, since the temperature was over 100 degrees.  Maybe the drainage in the traps was not very good. The GPS unit in the cart was not very accurate.  It would read a par 5 on various par 4's, so we could not depend on it.  At one point, we thought we were on the wrong hole, so we picked up our shots on the fairway and searched for the next hole...only to find that the GPS unit was not accurate.  Lucky the course was not crowded. Course is in decent shape.  Greens were excellent.  Please be aware, that if you play twilight, you need to return the cart before the sun goes down.  Sunset was 7:45pm and we needed the cart back by 7pm...what a bummer.
5	Love this course! I've played both Pine and Palm. I like the Palm course, becuase it is harder because of much more water in play. The Pine course is challenging as well, but I guess I just prefer the Palm. The guys working out front are always helpful, and awake in the morning! I hate getting to a course, and the guys working the front are more asleep than me! The management inside are just as friendly. This is why I keep coming back to play.I love the practice facility too! If I had more time, I'd be at their chipping green all day long (next to pine tee box #1) I recommed this course to anyone!
4	I don't play golf but had lunch with a friend here.  The grounds and view is breath taking.  Especially this time of year.  We thought the food was so good.  The service was great.  They really care about the customers and made us feel very welcome.  Great place for catching up with an old freind.
1	We had 8 golfers playing the Pines on Friday.  The range is a poor excuse as there is NO GRASS on the tee box. The course condition was similar....thin grass on fairways, no grass off the fairway (only weeds), bunkers not raked & very slow & bumpy greens.  On top of the playing conditions, the pace of play was horrible....2 hours & 50 minutes for the front nine.  We quit at the turn.  At least they gave us a refund & only charged us for 9 holes.  Never going back!!!
2	For money not a very good deal.  Course was ok but nothing special.  Greens were slow as molasses should be mowed more but hey if you're packing them in keep the grass long so it will survive the traffic.  I get it just won't be back to pay that much for a round on an "ok" course with fuzzy greens.  Go to Papado,  it's a better deal.
1	Never again... ever!I despise companies that are more worried about making an immediate dollar rather than creating a long term customer. I mean... don't they get it??Myself and three partners scheduled a round at McCormick Ranch on 2-11-13. Unfortunately the weather in Scottsdale didn't cooperate. It was in the lower 40's and raining when we woke up. We decided to head over in hopes it would clear. Cold weather is fine... rain and warm is fine... rain and cold makes for a miserable time.When we checked in at the pro shop, it was only cold (about 42 degrees) and the staff in the pro shop said they checked the radar and the rain was done. Half way through the first hole, it started raining; however we forged on because we were told the radar looked good. On the fourth hole it was still raining and we were soaked to the bone, and very cold.We headed back to the pro-shop to call it a day. We asked if we could split the cost with the golf course... we would pay for nine (we only played 3 1/2 holes) and they could refund us nine. My past experience has been that we could get a full refund because we only play a few holes.They told us we could come back tomorrow to play, which would've been fine, but our flight was at 5:00pm the same day. They then told us that the course was not closed, so either we could play or not play but a refund of any amount wasn't going to happen.I hope you use the $475 you got from us for 3 1/2 holes of play wisely, because I will let everyone I know to stay far away from McCormick Ranch Golf Club.... and to think that a good will gesture on your part to split the cost with us would've resulted in a rave review.
5	I could go on and on about how great everything is at the McCormick Ranch Golf Club.  My daughter just got married there and it was amazing.  The day prior they had a LARGE group of guys from near and far and they had an amazing time golfing!  We had my daughters wedding and reception and it was so beautiful!  Kristina is the bomb!!!  The is a true gem!  It was all just perfect!    Jacque AstMother of the Bride
1	The course itself is a great course. But when you drop $60.00 to play it and at the second tee you have 10 people standing there waiting to tee off it is obvious that the course management has over booked the course and don't give a darn about you waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting between and during holes. We left with four holes left as it was ridiculous. Will never play there again. If I could get a refund I would. I do not recommend playing there. Oh yes we were the 5th group off after the course had been completely cleared from a shot gun start tournament. So it was clearly over booking at its best.
3	Nice course, great deal on golfnow.com, & great scenery as you can see from the pics.Only complaint is how they stack their tee times on top of each other. Lots of waiting due to the herds of golfers they move through this place.  Also the food sucked. Got a couple of turkey sandwiches from the cart girl and they tasted like cardboard. When you pay $14 for a drink and a sandwich you tend to expect more... Or at least I do.Overall the course was good and for the right price I would play it again.
3	I only come her for Kiwanis Club of Scottsdale McCormick's weekly meeting.  Never played on-site or use any of their other facility other than the small banquet room facing the fountain area.  Overall service was good, but they do indeed need to improve their facilities.
4	The Pine course is the best that Phoenix has to offer. The downfall is they have no water on the course for golfers and in the middle of the summer that seems irresponsible. Plan appropriately.
2	As this course is convenient for me, I visit frequently to either sneak in a quick 18 or hit on the range.  The one thing that amazes me, is that the pro shop doesn't have a TV in it with Golf Channel or ESPN on.  To be honest, I think this is the only course (been to hundreds) that doesn't have a TV in the Pro-Shop and just seems very outdated.  Not sure if this is the case, but heard the head pro doesn't allow a TV in there because he thinks him employees will just watch TV all day and not attend to the golfers.  If this is truly the case then I would tell him he's hired the wrong employees.  Also heard he is cheap which I'm not sure I believe as you can get a decent size TV for $500 these days. On more of a positive note, the guys who great you and help you to the care are very welcoming, friendly and helpful.  The range offers you many targets to hit to.  Course is for the most part in better than average shape.  I prefer the Pine over the Palm as I find it a little more challenging with tougher Par 3's.  All in all it's a good play to play if the Pro Shop would just get their act together and join todays era.
