5	The Cork has been a staple of the Phoenix restaurant-scape for over forty years. Aside from being one of the best steakhouses in town, the Cork brings a uniquely Phoenix feel. I've been brought here for birthdays, anniversaries, and any other special occasion my family thought to commemorate since I can remember. All the servers wear Spooners (a Hawaiian shirt that seemed to only catch on in Arizona) and the menus are gold plated cleavers. Among the owners is Tommy Growney, who still circulates throughout the restaurant everyday greeting his regular customers and introducing himself to the new ones. I have a laundry list of recommendations for the Cork, but here is the abridged version: Apps - Mushroom caps and cheese, steamed artichokes, and the salad bar; Entrees - Any steak or fish, especially the teriyaki top and the orange roughy; Dessert - Mud Pie, if you are a birthday table then let them know and it will come to you.
4	Talk about a steakhouse the crew from Rockford Files or Three's Company would go to.  Like Durant's is to the clubby, rat pack 1950s, Cork N Cleaver is in a 1970s time warp.  The food is solid and dependable and presented in a classic setting. The ambiance inside is old-school mission style from the late 70s with saltillo tile throughout.  Nothing trendy here.  The winner here I felt was the salad bar.  It was rather large and had every toppings imaginable.  My prime rib ($24) was cooked right on (not too rare, and not too well-done) and set over a bed of tasty rice pilaf .  We tried the crabcakes,  which were a good pick to start out.The crowd here for a Friday evening was busy with lots of families milling about to/from the salad bar.  Not much of a wait however, which was nice.  I will definitely go back - if just for the retro feel and cleaver menus.  Klassy.  Is this the best steakhouse in town?  Probably not, but it's priced right and has tons of retro character.
4	My first thought was that the place smelled like my great grandmother's house.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but I felt it worth mentioning.Anyway, the decor is decidedly retro-Phoenix.  Stevey P. nailed the decade perfectly.  In fact, my date and I commented on how The Cork'n Cleaver looked we had traveled by time machine to 1978.  Again, this isn't a bad thing.  In fact, I thought it was pretty cool.I ordered a center-cut New York Strip and let me tell you, this steak was awesome.  Perfectly tender and delicious  The accompanying rice also had a great texture and flavor.  I was very happy with my meal.The salad bar has to be the stuff of legend.  If you're into making yourself monster salads with all the extras, this is the restaurant for you.  If I had one complaint (and this is what brings the review to four stars), it would be that the Italian dressing really didn't taste like anything.  It was like I was eating wet lettuce.  My date, on the other hand, went safe and picked ranch which proved to be a wise decision.The service was good.  Not the best in town, for sure, but good.  I'll gladly eat here again.
5	I used the side of my fork to cut into my prime rib.  that is all i have to say.I would mention the kick-ass salad bar but that has already been said.
4	Two words- SALAD BAR! I know this is a steakhouse and all, but seriously- the salad bar was amazing. Albeit, I am a Registered Dietitian, but even my meat-tearing carnivorous younger brother admired the salad bar once he set eyes on it. I had the Ahi Tuna- seared. He had the Prime Rib. We had a whole bottle of wine between the two of us. Now, I can't remember the name of the cut for the prime rib (maybe cause that whole bottle of wine?), but it was freakin' huge. So huge, even my brother couldn't finish it! Because we scarfed down a huge amount of leaves from the salad bar! So a piece of advice, take it easy at the salad bar so you can actually enjoy your entree. When we hit Arizona for our 2nd annual Spring Training trip, we will definitely visit the Cork'n Cleaver again.
3	Cork & Cleaver reminded me of Claims Jumper when I first walked in especially with that salad bar and the chilled metal plates. I came here cuz I wanted a steak so of course I ordered the Cork's cut Prime Rib. It was about 1 1/4 inch thick and was a lot bigger than I thought it would be. Needless to say I didn't finish. =( It wasn't as flavorful as other prime ribs I have had at pricier places of course. I love their cleaver menu! It's quite cute and different! Of course I took a picture with it! The wait staff was very attentive. Every waiter/waitress was helping out each other so that was nice. I wanted to make a note that this place caters to the geriatric crowd even on a Saturday night. Just wanted to put it out there cuz no one else did in their reviews!
4	Cork n' Cleaver is a really great place for dinner. Affordable top quality cuisine served in a dark, romantic, casual setting...Amazing pork chops, the New York strip was perfectly grilled, and the salad bar is super fresh. The menu is printed on an actual cleaver (luckily it is not sharp).Very friendly, attentive staff.
2	I read all of these reviews prior to selecting this "joint" for dinner last evening. Needless to say, I will not be going back again.Aside from the cleaver menu and the ambiance, there's nothing else good about this place; especially for the prices they charge.We were greeted at our table by a very unpleasant young woman, who apparently did not like her job. The salad bar looked nice, but, was very bland in taste. The steak was good, but, nothing to write home about.I am glad I went, so next time I know not to waste my time or money.
4	OK, so this place is really cute.  I mean, seriously, the menu is on a cleaver!  It's a nice place to go for a nice quiet dinner for two, or if you wanna have a nice steak dinner with some friends.It can get a little pricey depending on how hungry you are..... but I strongly recommend the artichokes!
5	Went to Cork just for drinks with a large group-- the bar is awesome.  Very comfy and relaxed.  Music but not loud so we could all talk and catch up.  I recommend The Cork Bar for a laid back drink with friends.
4	Yes, it's a throw-back to the 1970's, when North Bank, Lunt Avenue Marble Club and the Beefeater ruled. The salad bar is not really adventurous but very nice regardless, even has candy for a spin on dessert!I do like the place, it's got great service and good food. New York Strip was cooked perfectly, baked potato was...a potato. The back room was a bit loud, but congenial.If you want bling and glitz, this ain't it. But for a nice steak, good service and a window into the psyche of the 70's, this is the place.Oh, and at sunset the patio looked wonderful.
5	We had dinner recently at the Cork to celebrate my son's 40th birthday.   The food and service was wonderful.  The three that I would like to mention is Eric, Jay and Dustin.  All of them were very attentive and pleasant.  If you haven't been to this restaurant in awhile or not at all, give it a try.  You will not be disappointed.
3	I liked the ambiance, definitely old school. I liked the salad bar, my wife was happy to see black caviar and anchovies. But I give it 3 stars because the steak wasn't cooked properly. All 4 adults had NY strip, they were not cooked evenly - one side cooked more than the other. You can take away the salad bar and it's still a steakhouse, but if you can't cook the steaks it's not a steakhouse.
2	5 of us went to the Cork'n Cleaver on New Years Day. We had a reservation.When we arrived we were seated promptly....at the very very back of the restaurant in a room where no other people were sitting. I'm not sure if it was because we are "young" (all in our 30's)... we were dressed dressy casual, all the guys had a button up or Polo on. Not sure what the seclusion was for. We were seated, a girl came by for our drink order. When our waiter finally came over he handed us a meat cleaver! The menu is actually on a huge "knife". That sucker was heavy. I told him that it was all of our first times being there. He just said ok. Really? No informing us of the place. No welcome. Nothing. I was less then impressed.We all finally ordered, the cool thing is you get a side and a trip to the salad bar for the cost of your meal. Prices there ranged between about $29-45. Ruth's Chris prices but they included a side and salad so its a good deal. They brag about the large salad bar, and while yes it is large, and I thought the chilled metal plates where neat, the salad bar was not impressive. The cucumbers and carrots were in realllly thick slices, not one bite or manageable slices. They also had caviar and anchovies on the bar....along with gummy bears and some sort of ambrosia grandma looking concoction. Pretty random selection.The dinners arrived, 3 people all ordered the prime rib and all ordered it medium and with a baked potato...hard to mess up right? Wrong, they brought out some rice to one of them? My friend and I both got the New York strip. I was less then impressed. For $39 I expected a lot better cut and the way it was cooked just wasn't great. I asked for medium well, There was no pink at all. Overall for the price you get a ton of food...but is that always best?I don't see us going back. It wasn't terrible, but not impressive in the least. The services was very lacking.
4	I start with the Mud Pie as I fear eating a slab of meat and visiting the salad bar always leaves me full and Mud Pie is NOT a to-go kind of food item. The decor is all original from Old Santa Fe stylings. They probably haven't updated the place in its decades of existence. But the CnC folks aren't considered as they focus on the main reason for this visit. FOOD people!! Mud Pie... get the Mud Pie... and enjoy the Cleaver of other items offered afterwards :)
4	My boyfriend and I are both passionate about cooking so we actually don't eat out much but enjoy coming up with innovative dishes in our kitchen, but everyone needs to have a romantic night out. It wasn't planned just a quick text, "I have golf at 11 today but how about going out to dinner tonight?" Yes sir sign me up. I have never been to Cork n' Cleaver even though I have lived in the valley for 21 years but have always wanted to go. We didn't have to wait and got a great table on the patio. We ordered both a steak entree and the lobster tail. Before they arrived we took a trip to the salad bar. I really liked that they had unusual food choices like caviar, but had to be mindful not to fill up on salad. The food arrived in a timely manner and my steak was cooked to perfection, medium rare. The lobster tail was a bit on the small side but tender and juicy. The potatoes were nothing spectacular, but they aren't why people come to this establishment. I ordered wine by the glass and it was a generous pour. To top off the meal we had creme brulee cheese cake which was to die for. As per usual what ever wasn't consumed outright was made into breakfast the next day. The steak was used in an omelet, the potatoes smashed and baked, all still wonderful the next day. The place had a comfy home feel and I would most assuredly go back.
4	***TEMPORARILY CLOSED DUE TO FIRE DAMAGE** I have only been here once but I can say they have a phenomenal salad bar and a great menu.
5	Steak is the best in townSalad bar is the best in the world.CORK'n Cleaver is to steak houses what 2pac is to rap.
5	Meat and potatos, this place is small yet excellent in their dinner service and atmosphere!  Laid back with no pressure to get out the door.  The salad bar is huge, I think they have everything that you want and a few things I wouldn't put on a salad.  People are friendly and helpful.  Checked in a few months ago and they were remodleing due to a fire, but am anxious to check back in and see if they haven't lost their touch.
1	Closed after fire
5	Very sad when this place burned down.  Loved their Hawaiian chicken. Looks like they were taken over by some new outfit.
