4	This is one of the nicest Walmarts I have shopped.  We went on Black Friday, mid-afternoon and with the exception of the electronics section, the place was pretty empty.  The fresh produce was really fresh, and we were surprised at how many wonderful items they stocked. The cashiers were friendly and the other store personnel quite helpful in guiding us throughout this new location.
4	Walmart, what are you thinking?   You match everyone's price, it's a blast at the checkouts with all the ads from other stores.   This store is clean and quick to get in and out of.    All the cashiers are smiling and ready to help.
4	Smallish store which is nice for quick trips in and out.  Employees are always helpful and friendly.  The pharmacy is great.  Glad to have this store nearby!
4	Gotta love the convenience....Just wish they would get the aisle signs info on BOTH sides of the sign.I have now made 300 trips to the store and still struggle to find things in the grocery section...very confusing signage...
3	This isn't fair, this Wallymart has too many normal looking people that shop here, guess its the neighborhood.
1	It's been months since the last review - time for an update! .... I like Walmart for selection and low prices ........ the Cave Creek location has headed downhill on both - I use to shop there on a daily basic - until items left the shelve " the associates (low paid help) " would explain to the best on how they try to keep item's on the shelves .... now that the selection = Less .... they seem to have a bigger problem on trying to keep up with the pricing on shelves = price you pay at check out ..... for three month's now - the cereal we buy on a weekly basis is different than the the price on shelve ... how long doe's it take for this store to react? ...... I wish I could see how long .... but not - the last time I asked for a bill correction ..... they could NOT reach a manager to CORRECT THEIR PRICING ERRORS ////// That leads me to believe many of the shoppers at this Walmart in Cave Creek are over charged on a daily basis.
4	Walmart... When I think of places that make me happy, Walmart does not make the list. I can however give credit, where credit is due. This weekend, on my way to a buddies house, I made a quick stop at this Walmart in Cave Creek. It was quite possibly the cleanest, most organized Walmart I've ever experienced. There were friendly people offering samples, most of the patrons appeared to be mentally stable and oddly enough I didn't see Anyone in their pajamas! The most glorious thing of all was that the check out was fast. I was in line for maybe a minute. I've gone to Walmart stores and waited in line for 20 minutes to buy 2 items, but this place was on it's game. Impressive for noon on a Saturday.Kudos to you Cave Creek Walmart. You should teach other Walmart's how to not suck.
3	My first official foray into Walmart (and probably my last)My wife Jane and I head there this AM....have approx 30 items when we approach the check stand area. Only check stand we see open has cashier beginning to check out overflowing cart with another customer with full cart waiting. Look around and see 3 more check stands with lights on and cashiers. Head on over when I notice that all 3 are express lanes and say 20 items are less. Cashiers standing there talking to each other as I stroll up....conversation goes something like thisme: hicashier: hime: are all 3 of you express lanes?cashier: yesme: 4 check stands open and 3 are express with no customers and the only other open one has large orders with a line?cashier: yesme to Jane: I guess we have to wait in linecashier: goes back to personal conversation with the other 2 cashiersSemi-happy ending: after a couple of minutes withing in line, the nice manager lady walks by, sees the line and goes to next check stand over, counts it in and calls us over..Rating would have been 1 star, but the nice manager lady pulled it up to 3 with her customer service
4	This Walmart is great! It's clean, staff is friendly, prices are competitive, tons of parking, and it's not overly busy. We moved here from New Mexico where the local Walmart is always packed to capacity - this Walmart was refreshing. How much should I gush about this Walmart?!? It's a little on the small side so selection is lacking but I can deal with that.
3	I like this Wal-Mart. It's smaller than most, but still has a good selection. It's very clean. The workers are pleasant. They will take the time to help you if you ask. Usually a short or no wait when checking out.
1	Just got over charged again! At Basha's and Albertson the policy is to refund the entire amount - Not Here! They just give you the amount back they tried ripping you off at!!!
1	Worst Walmart ever.  So understaffed they shouldn't even be open.  They pages and pages for help nobody came.  Nobody knows what they are doing.  Phone just ringing off the hook.  Drive to Bell road it is worth it.
