1	I bought a deal for 3 oil changes on livingsocial.com and had pretty good experiences the first two visits. Yesterday my boyfriend took my car in for me for the third one. I called the day before to schedule and ask how much it would be since I upgrade to synthetic blend. I was told it would be $19.95 plus tax and disposal fees which add up to less than $30. Well, when my boyfriend got there they told him it was going to be almost $50. I called and spoke with Matt, the guy my boyfriend was dealing with there, and I was appalled at how rude he was to me. I explained to him that I was quoted a different price on the phone and he kept giving me excuses as to why I paid that price last time but it's different now. None made sense and he was very arrogant in his communication with me. He wouldn't take any ownership for what I had been told by the other staff member, Pete. I finally told him I wouldn't be bringing my car back there again and he responded, "Well, I didn't think you would be because you're out of free ones now." Unbelievable! First, the oil changes were not free; I paid for them even if they were discounted. Plus, not only did I upgrade to synthetic, I also had them change my brakes and do a throttle body service, so it's not as though I was only going there for cheap oil changes. I thought they offered those deals to try to get new business. Apparently this guy missed that memo. I will NOT be giving this shop any more of my business.
4	Being a bit of a gear head, I do my best to keep our cars in line by doing the easy stuff. This was the first oil change on my wife's new Kia Sorento. With the help of Yelp, we found Midas in the midst of around 20 shops near or house. Was a good choice. The dude at the desk was super cool. Including his long dreads. I watched closely as the tech changed the oil, checked the fluids, and filled the tires. Pleasantly surprised as they attempted no up sell. I'll be heading back there with my car as well. Vroom...
4	Timely courteous service. They looked for the best low cost alternative for our RV that had had the exhaust system ripped out from road debris
2	After waiting over 4 hours for an oil change and another simple repair I still hadn't received a call stating that the car was ready. So I called and was told the car was still not quite ready. I showed up 45 minutes later (5 hours after drop off and still no call) and picked up the car. I'm guessing that they prioritize cars for people who are waiting in the shop. Whatever the reason for the wait, there is no excuse for keeping a car for the better part of a day for (I'll say it again) an oil change and simple repair. Midas did a solid job (oil change and simple repair), but the wait time was excessive.  I can get an efficient oil change anywhere in town. I'm incredibly disappointed in the service at this location.
5	I don't know what the other reviews are taking about. They were very kind and helpful to me. I was having major issues with my car and they walked me through the entire process of what needed to be done. The also quoted me for a new set of tires (I knew I needed them) and found me the lowest price for what I wanted. They were prompt and patient and deserve my 5 stars.
5	As I arrived in the parking lot of this location I was surprised how clean it was for an automotive place. As I was opening my door John the service manager was waiting with a smile and a hand shake. Wow! I asked for an oil change and he gave me 3 choices, Regular High Mileage or Synthetic. I own a newer Honda so I chose Synthetic. John showed me and explained the inspection sheet his tech would be using to check all of the under hood components etc as well as a free visual brake inspection and tire rotation. All of this included in an oil change? Wow again! He escorted me to the lobby where they had a huge waiting room with a flat screen TV free WIFI popcorn etc. Very nice! I was even handed a copy of my factory scheduled maintenance so I knew what in the future I would need to maintain my vehicle properly. I was even escorted to my car as the oil was being changed and John went over inspection sheet.No shop does that anymore! I will be back!!
3	It's a quickie place and a chain, but I like this location because it's less crowded, I never feel like I'm getting scammed, and there's a bar in the same shopping center so I can wait it out there (and not in the waiting room). Plus, Midas always keeps sending me coupons. All in all, way nicer staff here than at other Midas places. And you can just walk-in sans appointment and get taken care of ASAP (practically unheard of at other Midas locations).
1	I had an AC issue and was quoted a $2000-$2500 fix. This was during the summer of 2013 in Las Vegas, NV in approximately 105 degrees Fahrenheit weather. I'm not a car expert but I also not a car idiot. I've always had a clear idea of what my issue was and was low refrigerant and AC compressor issue where cold air isn't coming out. Somehow I got a quote that's not worth my time for a repair since I can get a used car for that price. After declining to do job so that I can think over longer, the price for AC checkup went up to regular price vs my coupon price. ($14.99 instead of $9.99) I didn't say anything because my car was still connected to the machine and was weary if they might do something shady.Note: During my time waiting, there was an mother and her children trying to go home that came in complaining about paying a big job for the AC fix that didn't work. (Probably $2500) This was one reason for my skepticism.After finishing my Vegas trip where I drove my car, I eventually had to explain my problem with the dealer. (Toyota) All I needed was a AC recharge and a new AC compressor since the previous one was consistently clicking. Job was finish in one day for under $250.Be careful of up sells and don't make a rash decision if doesn't feel right. (Example: Blackjack, hit on 20 with a 6 showing.)Note: I finished my Vegas trip with no AC. Harsh reality check of how lucky we are that someone invented AC especially in a car operating in hot weather.
2	IJust want to start off by saying been using this mechanic for about a year now. So this review is long awaited for. This place is good and they do what they say which is fix cars but to details and mistake. All I have gone here for are oil changes and a battery replacement, also a hose replacement . out those time there's been a wrench left in my car, there's been hoses disconnected , also the reason why I had to get a battery was because the battery acid had leaked out of it because a lid was not on there and someone must of took it off , now I wouldn't be blaming them for this if I went to different mechanics through out the year but I have only use this specific mechanic all year. So in that case it had to be them that have done it. With the wrench it could of fell in my car and cause any kind of trouble likely I found it right after they showed me the work and were about had the car to me. The hose situation was caused because I went in to get a oil change ( this happens 2 weeks ago by the way) and after everything was finished me and my family left and not even 5 miles down the road the check engine light comes on . when we go back there the next day the mechanic that worked on my car said it wasn't a big deal and cleared the codes on the car. Trusting him I left again and it came on. Now I'm kind of annoyed because this all could of been solved if the mechanic just checked it, going back the next day I talk to a different mechanic and they have my car less than 15 mins and fix the hose problem. So in conclusion the place is under new management , so hopefully they find new mechanics to work there because its not fair to waste people time when your getting paid to do a job. I was going to leave them 3 stars but I got really upset writing this review
