4	Cute place with great service. Try the shroomie burger! Amazing. The rolls are fresh and fluffy with premium angus burgers. I will definitely make this my go to burger joint.
2	This place is brand new,and I won't be going back.the fries were small and not very good!I ordered the bro blue burger...there was no bacon on it!?what!? And the patty seemed like it was a Pre made one you can buy at a grocery store. Way to much lettuce on it.and for the fries and burger it was almost 10$!way over priced !! And not very good! I don't recommend this place!
4	The Shroomie and the Habanero Chicken salad are delicious. Can't wait for the microbrews. I definitely recommend this place for great burgers and salads. Delish!!
4	Good burgers at good prices. New place, clean and open air. Beer coming soon. Counter to watch big screen tv at.
4	Wonderful burger. Had a "Shroomie", the meat is great, the portabello mushrooms were fat and juicy. To my delight they had both the Cardinals and the Diamondbacks game on. They are waiting for their liquor license, so I'm excited to see their micro-brew selections.
5	I'm giving this place a 5 because it's one of the best burgers I've had in Phoenix. The real score is somewhere between a 4 and a 5 though. I truly dig the burger. They clearly use quality meats - in fact, they advertise this. The fries here are fantastic as well. We grabbed this to-go, and the fries were still crispy and perfect. They don't have beer quite yet I don't think, but they will in a few weeks. They do have a really cool assortment of soda bottles though.I like the concept and the execution. I'm glad this is near my house. The owner and the staff are cool, and I hope this restaurant succeeds.
3	An enjoyable burger, a concept that could work, a friendly staff, but still a bit of a way to go before it's ready for primetime.  Burgers & Bottles really does have a lot of potential to work with.The burger was pretty good.  $8.75 is a little pricy,  but that isn't asking too much for a quality burger and fries nowadays.  I went with the "Shroomie."  The meat was really good, and the mushrooms and onions were very high quality.  A marsala wine flavoring really brought it all together.  I wasn't too impressed with the bun.  I upgraded to sweet potato fries.  Very good, very crispy.  The meal was good enough to make me want to give Burgers & Bottles another try.So, what's missing from this place...The "bottles."I saw the sign that a liquor license hearing is scheduled for next month.  That's good; but with a name like Burgers & Bottles, I'm expecting beer and/or wine. There is a tap and some empty beer bottles in preparation for the license, but for right now it just feels like a tease.A true ambiance.There's kind of a diner thing going on in the seating area.  The tables are wood, the walls are a mustard yellow, and there are old coca-cola and PBR pictures hanging on the wall.  But the cash register and "bar" has a modern look with flat screen TV's and track lighting.  It probably would be more appealing  to have gone all the way modern or nostalgic.  I'd pick the modern.  A burger, a beer, and a game in a Starbucks or Chipotle setting would make for a great place to me.A better online presence.No website of its own.  A Facebook and Twitter page with a few pictures, but no details about the restaurant. Burger & Bottles really should post its menu somewhere online.  I had no idea what they actually served until I walked in.  They have several specialty burgers and chicken sandwiches, and a build your own.  They also have salads and shakes, a few side options.  I only decided to give the place a try because it's right around the corner from me and I saw its sign.  I would've gone in sooner, but I had no idea what I was going to walk into.
2	I went to this place with my wife because it was new and we're always looking for new places to eat. We were the only two people in the place and would have thought that the owner, to make a good impression and show gratitude for what business he did have might have come by the table to ask how the food is, make small talk or anything. He sat at their front counter watching a baseball game when we got there. The waitress took our order, he went back to cook it and resumed his place at the counter to watch the game. We felt like we were putting the guy out to have to pull away and actually cook for the only two customers he had. As far as the food is concerned: You can grill a great burger at home with decent meat and the fixin's you want to  put on it. In other words, it wasn't anything special and certainly nothing that I would go back for. Bottom line: Scottsdale doesn't need another $9.00 burger place and I wish the staff could have put more effort to appreciate our patronage.
4	Went for this place with a fellow yelper who had good things to say.  I agree, good burger!  The bread was soft, the bacon crispy and the fries hot!  Burger was cooked just right and I liked the way the menu was set up so you could build your own.  Looking forward to going back.
1	This places sucks and is completely overpriced.  I took my kids here last weekend because we live around the corner and their Facebook page says "Kids Eat Free on the Weekends!".  Sweet, I took the kids over and ordered our food.  My bill was $25.00.  I asked the cashier, who was half dead and could have cared less about us, why I was billed for the kids meals.  I physically pulled up their Facebook page on my phone and showed her what it said.  She told me "Sorry, we don't do that anymore.  My boss is just lazy and never removed it."Awesome!  Thanks for honoring what you have clearly written on your Facebook page!  Way to make good with your customers!  There was a line of people behind me and arguing with this corpse would have gotten me nowhere so I sucked it up and paid for the food.We got our food and it was less than impressive for price.  My kids each got the kids sliders and fries meal.  The burger patties are paper thin and resemble rubber.  I could have whipped them off the walls and they would have kept their shape.  They also had the smallest amount of ketchup and mustard I have ever seen on a burger.  My $10 Santa Fe' burger or w/e it was called had the same tasteless rubber pattie, and a bunch of toppings.  If it wasn't for the toppings, it would have been dry and gross.  The only thing that was decent were the fries and they were certainly nothing earth shattering.I have absolutely no idea why anyone thinks this place is awesome.  Aside of being lied too about kids eating free on the weekends, my burger was sub-par at best and the kids sliders were gross.  For the same price I could have made 20 of my own burgers which blow these things away, or I could have eaten a Zipps burger for less, which destroys anything these guys make.Seriously, save your money.  This place is way overrated.
5	This place has potential.  The burgers were really good, escpecially the Shroom Burger which was outstanding.  The sweet potato fries was also outstanding.  I was a little skeptical since the place was empty.  And extremely plain   I hope this place can stay afloat since the food was really good. I rated the place a 5 stars for a burger joint but I hope that they can give the place a makeover.
4	I have been to this place twice and both times ordered the, i want to say "the classic", but my head hard drive wants to call it something other then that. But yes i ordered the burger that has cheese and bacon, maybe it is called "the american", cheese, bacon, lettuce, onion, stuff that go on burger. so i got that both times and no complaints. good product in my opinionmy most recent visit, they had a special going that was any burger and a pint of drink for ten bones, fries are also included. so 10 bucks is a good price for eat and drink. they had the moving picture windows displaying whatever college bowl game was going down, so they passed the "are the pictures moving in your windows worthy of the glance from my eye?" test. i asked for some water and they gave me the cup they sell other folk to fill with soda. you know what, they gave me that cup for free, so i could have a drink of some water. i thought that was mighty nice of them to do.the staff was competent and friendly. i look forward to consuming burgers from this establishment in the future, as long as fate does not forbid.i read pitbull man review and was bummed he had such a rough time at this place. for a minute, i thought i was on the wrong review page, cause from my experience, one would have to practically put forth their own effort to have such a unsatisfactory incident at a place that, for me, was quite simple and smooth.so to sum up, good product, proper price
3	My husband and I came in on New Years eve afternoon. The young man Aaron cooked us wonderful burgers however he was doing everything all by himself the so called manager appeared to be waisted and had very poor hygene. We felt sorry for Aaron this Manager couldn't remember our order or our drinks. Other customers were telling us good luck with him.when Aaron did make my shake the Manager had to be told by another customer my shake was melting. We would return if you get a new manager he made our first visit unappealing I wouldn't want him touching my food he looked dirty and drunk!! The stars are for the food and  Aaron.
5	Wow.  A vegetarian of 26 years gives this meaty sensation two cow thumbs up.  I went there during happy hour and got a burger and a beer for $10.  Considering the size of the burger and that it was AZ local beer from San Tan brewery, I was pretty impressed.  I ordered the shroomie burger which was piled with shrooms and dripping havarti cheese everywere on a pretzel bun.  It was so good!!! The pretzel bun put this burger into another category.  The bun was so soft yet toasted and had this great pretzel flavor.I was waited on by... you guessed it... an ASU student!  She was very nice and attentive.  She made sure I had everything i needed.I will be back to tackle the rest of the burgers.
5	I love this place :)
5	This is a great local burger joint. The prices are reasonable and the food is great. I've tried several of their burgers and have been thoroughly impressed by the meat, toppings, and variety of buns. The sides are delicious as well. Great selection of drinks, both alcoholic and not.
5	Love this place!  Wish it was a little cheaper, but it is well worth it.  The burgers have yet to let me down! The burgers are a great size, nice and crisp, cooked to perfection.  Their fries are addictive and their onions rings are irresitible. This place is in such a weird location, and I really hope business picks up for them soon.  Its always off putting to come in and be the only customer.  Bonus points for getting root beer on tap now!!  The lady who works at the register all the time is very enthusiastic and friendly, which is very refreshing.
4	My wife and i ate here 3pm.  Sat ourselves, nice girl waited on us.  Very clean restaurant, painted yellow...cute, bar did not smell like a, you know stale can of beer but was neat and clean with plenty of room to eat and drink watch TV.  Wife ordered the Santa Fe burger, loaded with avocado/guacamole type chunky spread with havarti cheese on pretzel bun with lettuce tomato cooked medium, she liked it ate the whole thing along with all the seasoned tasty fries.  Note no pickle spear traditional garnish, we did not miss the pickle at all.  I had the n'awlens burger cooked medium with swiss lettuce tomato spicy seasoning on the burger i liked it not too spicy but had a kick to it with fries, liked the lightly seasoned fries.  Drank a PPR and a Devil beer daught both were cold and good.  We will be back.This is a nice neighborhood restaurant, clean the food was good.  The burgers are 5.3oz.  I thought the burger was too thin for the thick bun.  I would recommend a thicker 5.3oz burger and a smaller bun to fit the burger.  Prices...well it is Scottsdale we have no complaints about the prices or the food or beverages.
5	I drive by this place almost every day and finally decided to stop in on a whim (having no knowledge of the reviews).  The atmosphere was nice. It was very clean, a ton of natural light, several large LCD TV's with sports playing. Simply decorated with an almost modern vibe. Not too fancy but nicer than I expected.I decided to get the "Memphis" burger and onion rings. The food was delivered to my seat by a friendly employee and was served on a nice plate. The presentation on the plate was perfect...about as good as you can do with a burger and onion rings. One bite into the burger and I knew I'd be back to Burgers & Bottles. It was perfectly portioned and very flavorful (the toasted onion bun was a great touch). The onion rings were decent (made in house) but I will by trying the fries next time. With that said, the food definitely exceeded my expectations.Overall this was a great experience and I look forward to coming back to try the other menu items and some of their beer on tap.
4	I've resisted visiting Burgers and Bottles, simply because it appeared to have no atmosphere. And, it doesn't. Seriously, yellow walls? No window treatments (and the sun shines in and trust me, is bothersome) and a pretty sterile environment.Those are the cons.The pros: excellent burgers, wonderful seasoned fries, and very (as in so nice and helpful that you'd swear you were living in the '60's and visiting the set of Happy Days and eating at Al's Diner) personnel.I tried the Santa Fe burger and it was delish... Havarti cheese, green chilies, avocado relish, roasted red peppers and tomato that is served on a pretzel bun (which happens to be my favorite bread/bun in the whole world). All the burgers come with fries, but you can substitute rings, fried pickles, bottle caps or fried green tomato.Cost with a soda about $11 and worth every penny! All in all, this place is awesome, as for the atmosphere, I'm determined to convince whoever owns this burger paradise to convert it into something a little more conducive to eating burgers and drinking beer...a patio would be spectacular here!
5	A great place for great local beer and delish burgers. I hope more people come here soon, it was really quiet when we went. Not Super Fancy, a little price for a burger but so worth it.
5	This place has bar none some of the best tasting hamburgers I've ever had. They have a simple menu, but you can basically ask them to tailor make you whatever. 99c sliders are plenty big, after 3 or so and a beer I'm full. If you're a fan of PBR (I'm not) you can have some pretty cheap eats and drinks. The sliders taste more like burgers than sliders. I rated it 5 stars despite the fact that sometimes they won't cook my burgers rare. It just depends on who is cooking that day. Even when it does happen they've offered to replace the burger, but I always decline as the burgers are delicious anyway. They've recently begun serving a modest amount of liquor. Servings for their menu burgers are not small, expect to eat and feel full. I'm going to address the atmosphere issue someone pointed out. If I wanted candle lit dinners and impeccable presentation would I go to burgers and bottles? No, but then again I'd probably be in the mood for foie gras or something if that was my style. Is it empty, yes can't fault that observation, although lately it's becoming a bit livelier. Is the sun bothersome? Yes, if you are a vampire or have sensitive eyes. Should you take what I say with a grain of salt? Maybe, I did use the ten second rule in a few third world countries. This place is awesome and you should check it out, I wouldn't make it a habit unless you don't mind being a chubby funster like me.
5	WOW! So glad I found this place! Okay- you will notice some of the reviews on here complain about the price but they fail to mention not only do you get a fully loaded specialty burger with your choice of protein (beef burger, chicken breast, or veggie patty) but you also get a side of their delish fries that are seasoned perfectly!We have been here twice already- first time we had: -Santa Fe burger (havarti cheese, green chilies, avocado relish, roasted red peppers & tomato served on our toasted pretzel bun) w/fries-Shroomie w/chicken (havarti cheese, garlic mayo, caramelized onions & oven roasted portabella mushrooms served on our toasted  pretzel bun) w/friesThey have a signature sauce that is really good with the burgers and the fries too.***Their pretzel bun is outta this world tastey! OMG! Best bun ever!!!!!! They make it fresh in house!***** MUST TRY!We just got back after eating there again tonight; we had:-Santa Fe burger -this time with the double patty! (havarti cheese, green chilies, avocado relish, roasted red peppers & tomato served on our toasted pretzel bun) w/fries-Memphis w/chicken (sharp cheddar cheese, southern slaw, sweet BBQ sauce, homemade pickles & caramelized onions served on our toasted onion bun) -sub for pretzel bun, added bacon, and got sweet potato fries for only $1 moreThe sweet potato fries were soooooo good! Asked for a side of ranch and it was also homemade- man was it good, I have mayo and this ranch was perfect! A little runny which I love about a good ranch, and it had some different spices in it. It was so good I dipped everything in it. The homemade pickles were also incredible!***So to re-cap:Amazing homemade fooodGreat QualityClean restaurantGood PricesPlenty of seating and clean restroomsAnd Awesome Service!Oh there are also TV's if you like to watch sports. :-) Try it!
4	Came here for the first time on Saturday night. My boyfriend and I live right up the street, and had considered eating here for the past few months, so we finally made the 5 minute treck to B&Bs.I wasn't expecting much, ambiance wise, so there really wasn't a let down there. However, it smelled very "clean" inside. I like cleanliness, and don't want to get sick, but it was a very strong fabreeze/glade plug-in cover-up-something disgusting smelling-smell. I want to smell grease and salty air at a burger place!We both had the 'Blu Bro' burger, with fries. They were pretty good. The red onion should definately be sliced 4x's thinner, but still, good. Next time I will ask for mine with out mustard, since I apparently don't like a blue cheese/mustard combo. We also shared an order of fried pickles, which were yummy, but boring after 2 or 3.I am giving four stars because I want to see this place stick around. I will be back.
3	This place is a-ok just like the 3 start rating says when I selected it. The burgers taste great, so did the fries and the service was good as well. I bought a Yelp deal but it was just me and my girlfriend, hardly enough people to eat $40 worth of burgers (since it's not good for the beers) so we were full paying customers this time. I love going to places that have a fun ambiance since I can make a gourmet burger at home so I want the experience to be different and this place was lacking a bit in that. Also the burgers are a tad bit pricey, but knowing the cost of running a business and paying all those employees, it's probably reasonable. One thing you must, must try when you go are the bottle caps, these deep fried jalapeno poppers, very tasty, especially with their dipping sauce. Looking back inside when we were about to drive away I noticed a sign that they have $3.50 milk shakes, I seemed to missed that on the menu otherwise I would have ordered one for sure! Just because I didn't give it 4 or 5 stars though does not mean we won't be back, they have an excellent local beer selection which I hope to try next time we go back, plus it's close to the greenbelt bike trail so I can see us swinging by for a burger. I can certainly see us stopping here, sharing a burger (they are really filling) and fries instead of driving down to In N Out on Scottsdale/202.
2	not sure if I came in the wrong door but nobody acknowledged me upon entrance so I walked to the bar & sat down.  Finally I was offerred a menu and ordered a spinach salad and then moved to a booth.  Just a moment later the same woman who took my order tried to serve me someone else's food.  Short term memory loss? Then I took a few minutes to examine the dirty booth I was seated at.  There were fries & misc other food remnants in the seats and all over the floor.  The salad was ok but very generic.
5	Lovely place and great food. Try the fried pickles snd their slidrts. A welcome addition to the neighborhood.
4	If Burgers and Bottles was in a competition for best ambiance, they would absolutely lose - but it's a burger joint and their focus is the magic that happens between the buns.Based on my first experience here, everything I ordered was spot on.  From the spicy ranch with my delectable fried green tomatoes, to my "BLEU'S BRO BURGER" with a flavorful Angus beef patty, danish bleu cheese, a toothsome applewood smoked bacon, red onion, tomato and iceberg lettuce.  Washed down with an Agave Wheat Ale, it was Burgers and Bottles heaven.There are six signature burgers on the menu from $8.45-$8.75, but you can build your own 1/3 lb. burger for the same price.  Upgrade to 2/3 lb. for $2 more.Half a dozen chicken sandwiches and burgers are also on the menu, such as the TAOS CHICKEN SANDWICH ($8.95) made with "all natural hormone free chicken breast", chipotle mayo, pepperjack cheese, roasted corn, black bean salsa, and hatch green chilies on a toasted brioche bun.Unique sides such as fried green tomatoes and "bottle caps" (deep fried jalapenos) are offered in place of the seasoned fries, as well as sweet potatoes and fried pickles. ($2.99-$4.99)Last but certainly not least, you will find a plethora of local and domestic beers both on tap and by the bottle.  Excellent complements to excellent burgers.I am definitely a fan!
5	Great burgers!!!! Everyone was so friendly and it was an enjoyable atmosphere!!! My favorite part was that they had orange blooms on tap! AMAZING!!!
4	Great food, unassuming storefront, clear hd tv, good beer selection, clean, nice staff.  A gem in the valley.  Comfortable for dining in or take out. Also, good old school milkshakes. Burger and bottle for $6. Happy hour. Yum!
4	Sadly, my close-to-home cheeseburger cravings will have to go elsewhere...Burgers and Bottles has closed it doors.
5	I heard this place Closed, I wanted to try it, can some one tell me so....
3	i see some people commenting on the meat quality and how you can "tell the patties are handmade" but they weren't.  i asked about this on our first visit there and we were told that the patties were delivered frozen.  i appreciated their honesty and wasn't surprised.  handmade burgers aren't perfectly shaped and equal consistent thickness throughout on EVERY patty.  obviously machine pressed.  for less i could have bought a package of premade patties at Fry's across the street.  that being said, they didn't taste bad either.  as a matter of a fact, aside from a touch of pink in the center the first time we went (ick) the burgers were really pretty tasty!  i really believe that had their patties actually been fresh made, they would still be open.  well that and a better location :(  i loved the "bottle caps" too!  i'm noticing that fried pickle slices are appearing on more menus around town too.  and the decor was cute!  it took a couple of visits before i realized that there were bottles painted on the walls in a glossy yellow over the matte yellow.  clever and cute!we only had a chance to go here 2 or 3 times before they closed.  i really hope that they somehow find a way to reopen because i loved the burger flavor combinations.  maybe next time, fresh patties?
