5	Gallerina and artist Marty Walsh, has been running her small 500 square foot gallery for four years and going strong! She always puts together wonderful exhibitions from young and established artists alike. She has a gallery that is not overwhelming for new collectors and always is working hard to bring amazing work to the valleyBravo Marty!
5	I never miss an exhibit. Trifecta shows an amazing range of artwork. Their opening exhibits are one of the highlights of my month.If you have not been to their great new space in the Arts Factory you should make a point of checking it out.
4	Nestled inside The Arts Factory-Trifecta consistently brings interesting, fun, unique, smart and often times very affordable original works of art to the gallery. I guess that formula has paid off because, wah lah...a new spot in the Arts Factory has at least tripled the original space. You will find global and local artists here, often times some of the best names you've never heard of. I recently caught the work of many artists from various Cirque shows. Staff is welcoming and helpful, without being pretentious, or snooty, or high pressure.  I do enjoy the sweet necta' of Trifecta.
4	Since all the galleries oftentimes meld into each other in this building (this is the largest building with a ton of a galleries), I didn't know that we'd been in this one several times on First Friday already. October 7th was the anticipated return of First Friday (after a two month absence, and a change in ownership). Anyway, we came upon this tapestry of the Las Vegas Strip, circa 2007 or so, which was inside of a closet type section; I'm not going to call it a room, because, it wasn't big enough to be called a room, seemed more like a storage closet. It was the most amazing piece of art because the artist used sweaters (!!!!!) from thrift shops, to create this beauty. I saw this article in the local weekly paper a few weeks back. And to see this in person, it's simply amazing. It was a labor of love. And this won my heart over, easily; this was my favorite piece of the entire night.Bravo for showcasing this tapestry. I won't miss this gallery anymore, on First Friday. I will make it a point to visit every nook and cranny.
5	Trifecta is one of my favorite galleries in Las Vegas, and I'm always impressed with their shows and their staff.  Great quality art in a well-run space with free admission ... it doesn't get any better than this.  Love them!
5	The only cool art gallery in Las Vegas :)
1	Seeing as nobody has reviewed this place in quite awhile, I felt it was important to post my experience tonight.  First of all, the gallery itself is very spartan, but nicely so.  We were there to see a particular artist currently being showcased because we are collectors of his work.  Anyway, there is a nice mix of various media spread throughout the tiny gallery, and the two young girls hired to run the cash register and help out are very personable, kind, and friendly.  And this is where the positives of this business ends.I was directed to speak to the gallery owner/manager/resident rude 'tude, Marty Walsh, because the young register girl could not answer my question, so I went to where she was standing and stood quietly while she spoke to two other people, awaiting my opportunity to speak to this person who was described to me as a knowing, intelligent art lover.I did not interrupt, I did not otherwise distract her conversation with the other people.  As I had been standing there about 4-5 minutes, she turned to me, and asked me what I wanted/needed.  I thought it strange that she was interrupting her own conversation with those other people, but since I had not been listening to them, I then assumed that they were personal friends who she was just chatting with about the latest show.  So, I answered her question, as my mother has taught me manners.  I was polite, I was interested in the show she currently has going, and my question directly related to the artist (I explained that I have one of his limited prints, and I wondered what it would be worth now).  She then gave me absolute attitude, began gesturing around toward the other people she had been speaking with, told me that I was interrupting her while she was involved previously (trying to make a sale) with them. I was completely embarrassed in front of the other couple that were standing there, as well as the patrons coming in the open door at the time.The whole time, her tone of voice, her gesticulating, and her facial expressions made me feel like she thought that I was the crap wedged between the tread in the soles of her shoes (irritating, and you wish it would GO AWAY), as she told me that THEY DONT DO APPRAISALS (this is not what I asked: I was asking if she knew anything about how much a print from that series would be worth, not to value my print, which I did not have with me...just an idle interest question, asked politely), and raffled off some inane website where I would HAVE TO GO TO FIND OUT.  After she had spewed her wad of verbal and body language pompous rudeness at me, I turned and walked across the gallery to inform the people I was with, that we should immediately leave because the gallery owner had just been rude to me.  As I was explaining to my party what she had said, darned if the rude, crabby, woman didnt leave the people who she had just informed me were SO MUCH more important than me, to charge across the whole gallery and get in my face AGAIN, trying to insist that she hadnt been rude, blah blah.  I then cut her off, and told her, "Really?! Because thats how it came off.  I was told to go speak to you, so I did.  I stood there quietly, politely waiting for my chance to speak to you.  YOU asked me what I wanted, so I ANSWERED YOU.  Then, you insulted me, and were very rude."At that point, and with as much dignity as I could muster, I left, because collector or no, I will NOT be treated that way by someone who wants me to PAY HER.  There are thousands of galleries in Las Vegas, any one of which host a number of happy, friendly, positive people just waiting to engage in a discussion, make a sale, or just pass on the love and friendliness with another art lover.  This is one gallery in Las Vegas that I will never be setting foot in again, and I will continue to let my voice be heard to anyone I can possibly warn likewise.  Do not patronize this rude business woman.  Hopefully, someday she will figure out how to remove her head from her posterior and realize that she could have had a $27k sale tonight, but for her unforgivably rude behavior.Madam, I am crap on the bottom of NOBODY'S shoe.
4	Two visits now under my belt, one on a lazy Saturday and the other during First Fridays and I'm confident to say that Trifecta is my favorite independent gallery in Las Vegas.  Always an interesting display and often featuring works that the beginning or intermediate art collector can afford I particularly enjoyed the recent 10th Anniversary show, a collection of local favorites beautifully curated and arranged to tell a story greater than a simple sum of its parts.  To those who complain of Vegas' lack of culture, sure it isn't New York or Los Angeles, but with galleries like Trifecta and the rest of the Arts Factory I can say it is a heckuva a lot better than other similarly sized cities like Columbus, or larger metropolises such as Phoenix.
3	My boyfriend took me here for "First Fridays." It's when food trucks come together on the first Friday of every month. There was a mixture of different things that people sell like light up lanterns, wooden candy dispensers, and homemade thingsFor entertainment, there was a stage for band and dj. Trifecta Art Gallery was free admission and everyone should see the amazing art work. Although I didn't try any food, the prices was a bit high.
4	I've been to Trifecta a few times now and have always been pleasantly surprised with the artists they are featuring. The staff has been friendly with questions about the pieces as well in all my visits. Quite a number of pieces that are for sale were in a range that a "normal person" could purchase and collect. It's the one disagreeable thing I have with art, is that sometimes the value is so inflated, it's untouchable. My most recent visit was Las Vegas / Nevada photography that accompanies the Focus on Nevada spread in this months issue of Desert Companion. There was a contest for submissions and it just so happened one of our own, Anthony M. , was selected. I support anything my best friends do. The one thing is despite being a small space, I feel that the past events I've been to here have all been handled very well with food and drink service. Definitely get lost in the Arts Factory - make a day of it and make sure to stop by the Trifecta. No culture naysayers, just walk around this street and look with your special eyes - there is something growing.
5	I have enjoyed the exhibits at this gallery for many years.  The curator has an amazing talent for bringing in interesting work. I have several pieces in my own collection from Trifecta. The addition of Preview Thursdays a few years back has been great for the arts community in Las Vegas.
