3	This place ranges all over the map in food selection. Think diner, with lots of variety. They have different specials for each day of the week, along with a pretty large daily menu. If you can think fried or grilled, it's probably on the menu. They also serve breakfast, hence why they open so early, that's really pretty good (greasy but good). Any main breakfast staple you can think of is on the menu, so if it's cookable, they've got it.While they do have a good amount of seating, most people order take out. Either way, it's quick & you'll get in & out without much of a hassle. I'd definitely suggest this place for a breakfast trip before work to pick up a good bite to eat to start your day. I'd also suggest the occasional lunch visit if you're in a hurry & on a budget.
3	The selection of food here reminds me of the menu at Showmars.  I had a fish gyro here and I was filled up, but I have tasted much better.  The food here makes you feel real greasy after eating it.  I instantaenously had the itis after leaving here.  If you are unfamilar with the itis it is a medical condition caused from eating soulfood or anything greasy and unhealthy.  The effects of itis is the immediate need of a nap and sloth.  I don't mind coming here if I need to soak up some drinks, but if I am going to be doing some exercise, I pick something else. The menu is large enough to find anything that will suit your taste, but it isn't anything special.
4	Yorkmont Cafe offers everything you can think of. From a huge grilled chicken salad to a tuna melt. It has been in business since 1999 by the Greek Pappas family. I have eaten here a lot of times during the 3 years I've worked in this area, and I can say that I haven't had anything that I was disappointed with. My favorite is the tuna melt with their baked mac n cheese. Sure the food is a bit greasy, but not everything there is. The super burger (or any of their burgers) are quite greasy, but they have a way better taste than any of the other fast food restaurants around. Yorkmont is also the only place I know of that gives you a meat and 2 sides with no extra cost! You can get a burger with fries and onion rings and not be charged extra.They are also good for breakfast. This is the only restaurant i've seen that serves livermush. I would suggest their smoked sausage (it's kielbasa) with egg sandwich. It's not too greasy and it's very filling. They use regular eggs instead of the batter crap and it is just so flavorful. Don't let the line or the fact that the place is packed intimidate you. You get your food really quick regardless of how many people are there. There has only been 1 time where it took a long time to get my food because they had to clean the grill and didn't tell me. Other than that, it's a great place to catch a fast bite to eat that doesn't limit you to burgers and fries.
2	Eh... It's quick, it's fast, it's cheap, and it's greasy.  Honestly there really isn't anything else to say besides that they have a crazy variety.  They do offer a nice daily lunch special, too.  This is one of my shortest reviews because, honestly, that is all you need to know.  NO to the pulled pork and YES to the fish and chips.  Somewhat Enjoy!-Ian M.
3	I used to work a few blocks up the road from here (if you follow my reviews you may notice that stament alot.....lol.......is YELP hiring...lmao)anyway.. This place is ok for the quick breakfast (usually called the order in for myself and co-workers), I've been here a few times for say.. after work. Ummmm lets say it was cool. Didn't really get great service nor bad service. Really nothing to nag about....otherrrrr than this one time for breakfast. As I've said. I used to come here often years ago. But, I wanted to take a Breakfast date here a few weeks ago. Wow.. how times have changed. The food was pretty much Cookie Cutter. No real splash to say the Chef is really back in the kitchen loving his job. (you can taste when they do love the job)This place has been around for a while, so I guess that has to mean something....Right???Righttttt!!!!!!!!!!!!!Don't take my word for it.. try it out!Cheer's
1	Awful service. Cold burger. Forgot my onion rings. Rude people overall. I do not understand why this place gets any business at all.
4	Yorkmont Cafe is a pretty good find if you are in a hurry and need something quick but don't want a fast food option. The setup is similar to Showmar's where you order the food at the counter and they will either bring it out to you or pack it up to go. The staff was very friendly. I told them it was my first time and they offered some great selections. They have anything you can imagine here...burgers, fish, shrimp, chicken pitas, salad, hot dogs and even breakfast!!!! There is no reason you couldn't find something to enjoy. For lunch, I settled on a veggie burger and fries. All combos come with your choice of one side and a drink. The combo was under $8, and was prepared HOT right then, I don't mind waiting when I know they are cooking it fresh! The burger was prepared on a sesame seed bun, it was hot all toppings were as requested and my french fries were nice and crispy. Simply delicious! Overall, I really enjoyed the meal! I definitely will be returning here to try more of their menu options!
3	Sweet tea is good as is the blue cheese dressing. They are quick and they have ample parking and seating. That counts for something. I did not care for the mashed potatoes - they tasted like instant. That's about all I can say. I'll try them again and try some different things.... Breakfast is good. I enjoyed the pancakes, bacon, eggs, and coffee.
5	I just love a restaurant that has a variety in food choices. I have tried the salt and pepper catfish, chicken gyro, turkey bacon, hash browns, mashed potatoes, and green beans just to name a few. All in which satisfied my taste buds and not to mention my tummy. Oh and make sure you get the sweet tea.
4	It's clean, fast and yummy. I am a big fan of their pita sandwiches, and their chicken salad is DELICIOUS. Their onion rings are pretty fantastic, too. This is not fine dining, but similar to Showmars, where you order at the counter and then find your seat.It's never too crowded to get fast service and their food is reliably good. Great for lunch if you work in the Yorkmont Drive area.
