4	Jumpin Java and Bistro 160 are part of each other. The breakfast there is your average breakfast. Eggs, bacon or sausage etc. They really have good french toast and waffles. I can't speak for the coffee since they carry one of my favorite sodas (Dr. Bowns Black Cherry.. try it, youl like it) and I tend to order that over coffee. They also have sandwiches for lunch and a case full of chocolates that rotate seasonally. Its a charming little spot with friendly staff and a relaxed atmosphere.
4	It is difficult to come by great food in Fort Mill, South Carolina, which is why I'm such a fan of Jumpin' Java/Bistro 160. Tucked in a strip mall among Burger King and Papa John's, Jumpin' Java is a jewel in the Fort Mill culinary crown. Or maybe it is just a culinary tiara, because there aren't enough decent restaurants in Fort Mill to justify a crown. But I digress.I've had breakfast business meetings, coffee breaks, lunch with the girls and meals with my family (which includes two small children) there over the past seven years, and I've never been disappointed. Among my favorites of the menu offerings are the Warm Goat Cheese Salad and the Turkey Apple Cheddar Wrap. The pasta salad is a unique side, and the croissants are the freshest I have found in the area. Years ago, they were open for dinner and offered tapas and flights of wine. I was wildly disappointed when they abbreviated their hours to breakfast and lunch only. Their drive-thru option for coffee and call-ahead food orders almost makes up for the lack of dinner hours, though. I can't tell you how fabulous it is to call ahead, order my Warm Goat Cheese Salad, and pay for and receive it from the window without having to unload the kids from the car, take them inside, wait for the order, and then take them back out and get them loaded again. A word of warning, though. This is not fast food. Though I find the atmosphere welcoming to children with a kid's menu and high chairs, there have been times when I have waited for food for longer than I would have liked or felt necessary.  Since it is difficult to surmise when those times might be, I would not suggest dining there if your children are unable to entertain themselves at a table or if you are in a hurry. However, it is my favorite Fort Mill restaurant, and I look forward to enjoying the  healthy, creative and consistent options as often as possible.
5	The best place in fort Mill for breakfast and lunch in my opinion. I've never been disappointed and I eat here every week, sometimes twice a week, I might be addicted. They have the most amazingly fresh fruit bowls and salads, and their coffee is tasty. I love when they offer snickerdoodle flavored. Yum!! They also have a drive thru, we call ahead from work and one of us will whip up to the window to grab our goodies quickly. I've also been to quite a few parties that they've catered-- including my own baby shower, they are amazing. Two big thumbs up!!!
4	Who knew Fort Mill could boast such a cute little coffee/lunch/wine spot?  I was brought here by some collegues for lunch since I was in town to visit HQ.  Not really excited about the lunch options based on my last trips, I was glad to see they branched out to find this place.  I think the guy behind the register was having a bad day....we had to repeat our order a couple of times.  And even though he asked if I said Regular or Diet coke, and I answered "diet" - I was handed a regular coke.  No biggie - I have a day like that all the time, and at least he was nice about it.My lunch was the goat cheese salad - what I failed to realize was that the goat cheese was fried.  EVEN BETTER!  It was a delicious salad and something I would definitely look forward to ordering again next time I am in Fort Mill.
5	My wife, Liz is a foodie who loves to entertain. When we entertain,  she'll spend days planning, preparing, decorating the house and creating a gourmet meal. Liz's 40th birthday was approaching and I wanted her to enjoy her friends. I knew I'd have to find a caterer who could live up to her standards...or it would be a long year. Jane and team at Jumpin' Java/Bistro 160 surpassed our expectations. The food was a hit including homemade epinadas and pork sliders. They took care of everything! The decorations were a complete surprise and we couldn't stop taking pictures of the spread. Trays of champagne for a birthday toast were the icing on the cake. When Liz and I treat ourselves to breakfast and Jane's homemade strawberry jam, we are welcomed by our first names. You can't put a price on that.
4	Being from Fort Mill and being a hard core lunching junkie, I'm completely shocked that I've never been to Jumpin' Java before. The short review: it's cute and yummy and healthier than 98% of the other food options in Fort Mill.My Apple Walnut Salad was recommended to me by the lovely Louise and was generously portioned (aka really freakin' big) and delicious. Perfect for a quick autumn lunch.The staff was great - our drinks stayed refilled and everyone had a smile. Great little find hidden away in a tiny little strip mall.
2	Overpriced and my muffin was stale.  Not worth the $7 I spent on the muffin and coffee.  Will not go again.  Believe it is overpriced due to the area...
1	I spent time waiting through several traffic lights due to heavy Christmas traffic going to this place to pick up a cake for my wife. I finally get there and there are 5 customers (all ladies) with two ladies behind what looks like a counter. I go up to it and both ladies walk away!  I look around and notice another counter on the opposite side of the store. I go over there and one of the store ladies asks to (finally) help me. I tell her why I'm there. She disappears and another store lady returns with the cake. She tells me what I owe and I pay her. There was no friendly greeting, no smile, no "come back to see us", no warmth there. I could not believe the lack of customer service apparent there and I know something about that as my daughter teaches customer service. Had I been a secret shopper, this place would have gotten an earful. If you are the owner reading this, your food is probably great, your service (at least to me) was seriously lacking. I hope it was not because I was a male coming into a store with all ladies present.
