5	The best!!  This place is so crowded that there is often a "bouncer" outside letting people in.  Don't be intimidated.  Once you get in there it's like a bunch of girlfriends raiding each others closets..  Lots of fun and happiness. The girl who helped us was a breath of fresh air.  Devin was her name.  She gave us the real low down on the shoes ("notice all of us who work here are wearing the Eddie flats") and was just so friendly and so great.  We walked out of there with no fewer than 4 pairs.  Beautiful clothes, great selection of accessories and purses, and the prices were eyebrow raising good.I love Vegas and I love Tory Burch!!  Good times were had by all.Thanks, Devin!  My sister and I love our new Eddie flats!
2	Don't get me wrong, I love Tory but their customer service SUCKS that it makes me not want to purchase anything from their boutique stores/outlets.
5	This is my favorite store in the Las Vegas Premium Outlet North center. They have a fairly good selection of merchandise to pick from. The last time I visited this location, they were having a 20% off Spring sale event going on which has never happened before. So, I was forced to walk out with bags of shoes and handbags. :-)Superb customer service. Ask for Orlando Hill. He was awesome. Well educated with the merchandise and very informative. For items they didn't have in stock, he tracked it down at other locations and had it shipped to my home for free. They ran out of water on my last visit, so he kept loading me up on soda. He even stocked my bag with Cokes to go. Great shopping experience.
1	I finally made it to the Tory Burch store here at the LV premium outlet - North.  A lot of stores in Las Vegas tends to greet you once you enter their store.  I was not greeted and no one offered if I needed any help.  The store was small and there were like 5 people working there.  I was looking at their shoe collection and it took me 15 minutes to find someone to help me get my size.  Seriously, 15 minutes inside a small store. Every single time I go to a person they would always say, "Be right with you, hold on, or I'll tell someone to help you." After that they didnt even bother to tell me if they had the size or not, they just put the shoe away.  I had to look for the person and asked them if they had the size or not and all they said, "What type of shoe were you looking at again?" OMG, I just gave up there. I was like NVM and left the store.  No customer service at all such as disappointment. But other than that, they have handbags, shoes, sunglasses, tops, belts, flip-flops, coats, and accessories that you can find in the store.
4	I want to begin by saying that the customer service here ebbs and flows. However, that is due to how incredibly busy this store is. I've been in and left without trying on anything and I've been in and had stellar service and had to restrain myself from buying everything they had in my size. In my experience there has always been a correlation between the number of customers in the store and the level of service I receive. However, I cannot fault the store for this discrepancy. Most customers congregate around the shoes, which makes it difficult for the staff to take care of everyone in an efficient manner. However, I am usually offered a beverage and I can always tell that the associates are trying their very best to take care of all customers.As far as the inventory goes, there is always seasonal clothing (casual, dressy, and work appropriate). There is always a variety of handbags, wallets, makeup bags, and other accessories. Last, but certainly not least, there is always a wide array of shoes. Flats, heels, wedges, closed toe, peep toe, flip-flops...they have it all. Sandals are almost always available. Boots and booties make an appearance in the fall and winter. If you're visiting Las Vegas or if you live nearby it is worth a stop! The prices are a significant savings over regular retail, but don't expect cheap: it's still Tory Burch, after all.
5	This was the first time visiting a Tory Burch store, and the service I received while there made me even more pleased with the company. We were greeted as soon as we entered and asked if we needed help with anything or looking for a product in particular. The girl that was helping me showed me all the options they had for wallets, and helped me decide on which one to buy. The checkout process went very smoothly as well, with the cashier coming around to meet me on the other side of the counter to give me the bag with my new wallet! (I don't know if all higher end designer store do this as this was my first high end purchase ever). Overall, the experience was great, and will definitely be back!
5	This store is very busy. There's a "bouncer" at the door to manage the amount of people who are allowed in at a time. Despite the business, I have to say that the customer service is amazing: from trying on shoes, dealing with my indecisiveness, and to paying at the register. We were offered drinks while we were paying, which I thought was a nice touch. I love my new flats!
5	I had a fabulous experience at this Tory Burch boutique. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and asked if we needed help. Orlando was the SA that helped me and he was very helpful. I was torn between a pair of shoes and handbag. He brought out all of the pairs of shoes I wanted to try on and finally decided to purchase the Ambrose Ballet flats. There was a turquoise bag out on the sales floor and I told Orlando that I would like to purchase that bag. He then asked me if I loved the color or style of the bag. I said, I love the color and he told me that there's another bag same color, but different style. As soon as he brought the bag out from the back, I realized it was the the Amanda Classic Hobo Handbag that I've been searching for! Orlando definitely went above and beyond! I purchased the shoes and the handbag. I was very satisfied with my purchases and my experience at this location. Thank you Orlando for your excellent customer service! You're awesome!
4	12.9.13.Like all other TB stores, this one is tiny! Especially for an outlet...but I guess it also adds to the hype and excitement...Yes, they make you wait in line, only adding to the anticipation...But it's so worth it!! Ok, ok, TB items are still expensive even if it's "on sale"...but honestly, when does it ever go on sale in the normal stores, that's right, it doesn't (unless there's some sort of %-age promotion going on).The help here is phenomenal. I don't know how they can cater to so many people; they do a great job considering how crowded it can get (imagine almost shoulder to shoulder). If they forget to grab something for you, just kindly remind them and be patient. For the amount of people they had to deal with when I was there, they still remained friendly and more than willing to cater to my every want/request! They'll even offer you mini bottles of water :)My recommendation:-wait it out in the line (no matter how cold it is)-be prepared to spend-(it's ok to) splurge on yourself, that's why you came to an outlet right?!...and I know what gets me every time...I always end up telling myself, "if you waited that long in line, are you really going to walk away with nothing?"Yelp 365 Challenge: #342/365
2	I went to this Tory Burch outlet on my way back from Utah to Arizona and was so fricking excited. I went in with the intention of dropping some serious coin. I went straight for the shoes and omg what a nightmare. there was stuff everywhere, people everywhere, and nobody to help me. I asked for a few shoes in my size and they didn't have ANYTHING in my size. It was really frustrating. To be honest I didn't think the prices were that much of a steal. I find just as good of deals during their specials or in store when things are on sale. I think it's a cool thing, I mean there aren't many outlets for Tory Burch, but I wouldn't go out of my way again for it.
4	7/16/14Friendly staff offered water as I entered the store.  I found a tote bag, a pair of wedge, and sunglassed with Anna's help.  She was efficient and professional.  I will go back again!!!One less star for small space......
3	This store is teeny tiny. It was busy busy on a Saturday afternoon (12/6/2014). There was a line outside to control capacity limits. Deals were ok. They do not have a lot of available shoe sizes probably 6.5-8. I wouldn't come back and stick to my online shopping at toryburch
5	Superb staff...There was a line outside the store which was no surprise since it was the weekend prior to Thanksgiving. I was greeted by a staff member as I got in line and offered water shortly after.  The staff member briefed us on the current sale while we waited. A short ten minutes later, I was in the store. The store was packed yet I was offered assistance immediately. I noticed each sales associate was assisting at least 3-4 clients at a time yet the service felt very personalized. I was very impressed by their training. I was pleased that they had a very nice selection of TB shoes available (boots, lots of Reva flats, heels, sandals and wedges.) So many styles to choose from. The sales associate assisting me was very courteous and knowledgeable about their products. I left with several pairs and a cute little Amanda purse. I love my wedges. I will definitely be back.
4	My first time purchasing anything at Tory burch and it was quite a satisfying experience:) if you spent $300, you get an additional 20% off your entire purchase, what a deal! The purchase I bought as well as the Nora flip flops cost 320 all together which I thought was a great deal for Tory burch items. The service was excellent! The girl helping me even came to double check that they grabbed the right shoes for me. The only downside was that the store was small and there wasn't a huge selection and it became very crowded very fast! But if you've been eyeing some flats or purses and don't want to fork the full retail price, check this place out!
