1	I called this company on Wed to make an appointment on Friday at 02:30 pm.  3:00 o'clock rolled around and no one had shown.Long story short, I had to call the company a total of 6 times over a 3 hour period before they called another one of their techs.  That technician called me and said he would not be able to be at my home by 6pm but he could come over Sat. I did not take no for an answer and demanded that someone show up to my home today.  The technician finally showed up just before 6 pm and did a very cursory look at my machine.  I told him the machine was not spinning.  The only thing he did was open the top console and said the timer was bad (the timer set the when the machine fills with water, agitates, spins, etc).  It seem to work find when it was set to fill up the tank with water, but the machine would not agitate or spin.He never opened the base to see if a belt was broken or if it was something else.  He just got to a point he could blame it on and decided he needed to go.  he even left the water in the machine when he filled it up to test the machine.This took approx 10 min for him to charge me $50 bucks and tell me he would call me later with a quote for the parts and labor, but it would be about $300.I got a voice mail later that night, and spoke to someone this morning telling me parts and labor would be $270.  For $100 more I could have a new machine.  I told the office lady that I should have been given a free consultation based on the amount of time I waited and the poor checking of the machine.  They said it was their policy to charge the $50 service fee, but it would apply to my $270 for the parts and labor.  So did I want to go ahead and approve the parts.I told them no as for a hundred more I could have a new machine.  So what ever you do please choose another company that hopefully has better customer service and better reliability.
1	My Husband called this company on Wed to make an appointment on Friday at 02:30 pm.  3:00 o'clock rolled around and no one had shown.Long story short, he had to call the company a total of 6 times over a 3 hour period before they called another one of their techs.  That technician called us and said he would not be able to be at my home by 6pm but he could come over Sat. He did not take no for an answer and demanded that someone show up to our home today.  The technician finally showed up just before 6 pm and did a very cursory look at my machine.  He told him the machine was not spinning.  The only thing he did was open the top console and said the timer was bad (the timer sets when the machine fills with water, agitates, spins, etc).  It seem to work find when it was set to fill up the tank with water, but the machine would not agitate or spin.He never opened the base to see if a belt was broken or if it was something else.  (which is probably the issue since I smelled burnt rubber when the machine went out.) He just got to a point where he could blame it on and decided he needed to go.  He even left the water in the machine when he filled it up to test the machine.This took approx 10 min for him to charge us $50 bucks and tell us he would call us later with a quote for the parts and labor, but it would be about $300.  He couldn't get out of our place fast enough. He got a voice mail later that night, and spoke to someone this morning telling us parts and labor would be $270.  For $100 more we could have a new machine.  He told the office lady that he should have been given a free consultation based on the amount of time we waited and the poor service.  They said it was their policy to charge the $50 service fee, but it would apply to my $270 for the parts and labor.  So did he want to go ahead and approve the parts?He told them no as for a hundred more we could have a new machine.  So what ever you do please choose another company that hopefully has better customer service and better reliability.
1	They charged me $50 to come to my home and diagnose a problem with my leaking GE profile dishwasher.  The technicians diagnosis was a broken drain pump.  I installed a new drain pump and the dishwasher still leaks.  After calling them to return for another diagnosis they set a service call between 5-6PM.  When no one showed up I called them and they said the technician could not get there until 9PM (I had to call them mind you).  Then the woman on the phone kept talking about no record of having serviced my dishwasher.  I gave her the receipt number from the prior service.  Still no record.  Then she tells me they would have to schedule my service call for the following day "like around 11AM" she says.  If you don't mind having service work done improperly, on their time and supported by incompetent staff then Appliance RX is for you.
1	Cesar (I believe he is the owner) came over my home and walked in with his technician. Cesar just gives orders but does not know anything about repairing appliances, just collecting the $59 fee. And they also cash checks within 24 hrs- not wasting any time, but they do waste your time!They took apart my Thermador stove and even left a lot of pieces without putting them back together again. They did not know what the problem was and refused to investigate the real issue behind it. They insisted over the phone after getting lost for a week, and not following up with me. I had to run behind them with phone calls and asking what their diagnosis was. To wrap it up, they don't know anything about repairing anything just charging you for new parts and then you are left with a steep bill of hundreds of $$$$. They wanted me to invest on $500 worth of parts and not guaranteeing the repair. Thank goodness I only lost the $59 charge and reached out to Thermador to recommend a "true appliance technician." HE IS the one that invested time in repairing my stove without buying new parts.  Wayne with Action Appliance invested 2 hrs taking my stove apart, and after 2 hrs. (and NOT BUYING any new parts), Wayne left me with a smile and a working stove. CALL ACTION APPLIANCE and don't waste time with techs who just want to steal your money.If you need your appliance fixed, don't waste your time with jokers who don't know a thing, just to steal your hard earned money by pretending that they know how to repair appliances. DON'T call Appliance RX!!
1	I called appliance Rx and made an appt.  I was pleased because Caesar was there with in an hour. Unfortunately he never diagnosed the problem by ruling out the process of elimination .my complaint the water dispenser nor the ice maker was working.He demanded that I paid this 59.00 dollar fee.He didn't look or touch the back of the refrigerator. His assessment was I needed to replace a filter and the water inlet valve.It was a lie all he did was turned the water on from the wall and the ice maker/water dispenser worked. He tried to charge me 159.00 plus 59.00 service fee. On his web sight it says there would be no service fee if he is allowed to fix the problem. Fair enough.  Caesars attitude was rude .Im sorry I ever invited this man into my home..He was totally unprofessional. After he left my ice maker and water dispenser stopped working again.I called right away.He called back the next day.I explained the water dispenser is still not working.He nasty and unprofessional. I paid 100.00 for a water filter that screws in a two year old could do that.  Do not use this co.
