1	Watch out for the upsell at this "joint".  Also they will tack on a junk "service charge" fee of $20 for "toner, paper and floor mats" - thats the manager's quote.Will not use a business that quotes a price for service, then adds a junk fee.  Was called either a "shop charge" or "service charge".It's an insult to customers.
5	I don't want to lie, it started off bad. I got my brakes done, and everything was ok... for a few days. Then things started to get weird, well, not weird per-say, but noisy. A sound that was not there before, but now is, well that is something to take a closer look at. So I brought it back to the guys here, and they took off the tires, and everything seemed fine. Weird, right? I know! They told me that they think the rotors are bad, not cut right, or turned, or something that rotors do, I don't know. So I thought, well that is convenient, bring me back and slap me with another bill, then bring me back again, and again, until I pay off their new boat. I have heard of places like this. So my stomach began to do what the rotors should do, and turn. Then Alex the store manager told me that they should have caught this the first time, and he wanted to make me happy, and he would put new rotors on for free! Yes, free! So about 4 hours later, I drove off with a much quieter car and a smile on my face. Thanks guys!
4	Got my tires and an oil change in record time!
1	I would not take my vehicle here again if it was the last place on earth! This place is a total rip off. The a/c quit working in my truck so I brought it in to have it diagnosed. I made it very clear that I just wanted to know what was wrong with it. (I am fairly handy and can fix a lot of things if I know what the problem is. ) The guy told me 20 bucks for a diagnosis. Great! He said about half an hour so I told him to call me when done and I went to get lunch. He calls me and says that I have a bad low pressure switch, the condensor needs replaced and the main hose is leaking. He said that they had the hose off and were in the process of installing the new one and it would be a total of 761 dollars! I told him to put the new hose back on and stop working on it. When I got back he told me that he could probably just recharge the system with refrigerant and it would last me through the summer, for 200 dollars! I paid him 20 dollars as agreed and I went and bought a can of refigerant for 20 bucks and recharged it myself. The low pressure switch was fine, the condensor was fine but there was a leak in the main hose that I know was not there before I arrived because I examined almost every inch of the hoses for leaks the day before. It looks exactly like someone stuck a knife in it! These people are thieves!!!!
