5	Love, love, love this place. The staff is so nice and welcoming but the best part is the variety of unique waffles. You must try the Maple Bacon Waffle and the Red Velvet (so yummy and to die for). I can't wait to return and try some of their other items.
5	Everything is Awesome about this place food, employees, prices.... Not only go they have specialty waffles but they have specialty whipped cream!!! I definitely recommend giving this place a shot!!!!
2	I really wanted to like this venue as it's a small business & the items on the menu seem fairly tasty,  but the service was lacking. We came with a family of four. The kids were served their food & finished eating (20 minutes) before the other food arrived. I was truly floored!  The kids initially wanted to wait for our food to arrive, however, had they waited their food would have been cold. We also ordered a side of eggs & bacon to accompany the waffles we ordered. That too was served 20 minutes apart. The hostess/owner apologized & said their was a "mixup" but I wasn't impressed with the lack of concern that was given with our poor dining experience. I know this is a new venue & only opened a month ago but sometime & effort really needs to be put into the flow of business. We came to eat as a family & that did not happen. I'm extremely disappointed.
5	This place is new & can get pretty busy.... But the food is awesome & the employees are Great....
3	Came in with my family of 4 (including two kids)...ordered Tiabi Red Velvet, Hashtag, two Hash Tag Sandwhiches and two mocha latee's...food was pretty good...coffee was sweet...ambiance was cute...seating was lacking...staff is nice...service was super slow...50 minutes to get 1/2 our order out!!!  Over an hour to get second half of order!!!  It's a fairly new establishment...hopefully they pick it up...it has a lot of potential.  I probably wont be back.
5	Thank you for your cruelty free Vegan options!!!!!
5	Very cool local business. Excellent customer service and a great menu. Places like this make my mornings happy :)Excellent prices, fun ambiance, healthy menu options, and super chill staff. Highly recommended.
4	We were on vacation and stopped in since we saw a groupon and we were glad we did! I got the banana Nutella and upgraded it to a Belgium and it was super yummy! My husband got the break the fast which was also really good. I got the red velvet drink and my husband got the pumpkin pie spice drink and both were good. We went around 1 on a Saturday and there wasn't many others in the restaurant, but the service was friendly and helpful and the food was fresh
4	Excellent latte!   The smoothest and easiest drinking coffee I had on the weekend trip.  It blows away the $7 coffees on the strip easily.Hashtag waffles - I have to assume they were excellent.  The kid devoured both of them in addition to the fruit toppings they came with.  This was the first time ever she finished an adult sized meal by herself!Hashtag breakfast sandwich - This was good - the standard eggs and sausage.  If it was a runny sunnyside egg, that would have been much better.   I'd probably pass on this one to get a...West Coast Wafflewich - now this  was a good combination of flavor and texture.  Put bacon and avocado on anything and you have a winner.The sample of strawberry kisses was a nice way to end the late lunch.I think i prefer the round crunchy waffles over the thicker style just because they retained their crunch.   But the coffee will definitely bring me back the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Yet another review to say that the customer service needs work. I came by today for a latte after finding this place on the Yelp app- it's still difficult to find, as it's in a nook of the plaza and can't really be seen from the street.I guess their exterior signage is still being developed, because right now there's just a tarp printed with "Coffee & Waffles".Went in and there seemed to be some sort of lounge affect going on. I made my way around a group of women clustered near the entrance talking, perused the posted menu, then stood behind a guy chatting at the front counter for a good five minutes before the woman he was speaking to realized I was a paying customer, and said she'd help me. I find it a little tacky that the employee (who seemed to be one of the co-owners) was not more attentive to the fact that I was waiting in line to place an order.As it is, she excused herself in such a way that I felt I was inconveniencing her. Regardless, I ordered a skinny vanilla latte- originally planned on getting a sandwich, but it seemed this would have really been a problem to her, so I just stuck to the drink. It was tasty, even if the foam was overflowing along the lip of the lid.Found a table of samples toward the back as I waited for my drink- the cinnamon sugar waffle and the bacon-cheddar waffle were both really flavorful, though the former was nice and crisp while the latter was more on the limp and soggy side. Location seems like it'll be good for students, and they seem to have a lock on the niche market- doubt bistro waffles are offered anywhere else nearby. Hope they succeed, maybe I'll be back when they work out the kinks- namely waiting for the novelty of business ownership to wear off enough for them to prioritize customer service. Their product seems like it'll do well.
4	The service was amazing and the ladies working, I believe owners a well, were so nice. I have had better coffee but I am from Seattle, and I hanger had much worst coffee here on Vegas. The vegan waffles were so good and moist as well. It is out of my way a bit, but could be a special treat every once in awhile
2	Great coffee drinks horrible service. Wait over a hour for waffles and fake eggs. Under manned and over priced . Not sure if I would go back. But the coffee cake BZB was fire! Luke the thought of the wafflewich but dry and needs a real egg....  which would also make it less dry if the egg was over easy.
1	My husband and I had a terrible experience there. I purchased a goupon and thought it would be a good reason to try a new restaurant.First: The employee who took my order put her hand inside my coffee cup when she picked it up. I asked her to please give me a new cup, and that putting her hand inside the cup is unacceptable. As she replaced the cup she said, "We wash our hands."Second: When the same employee brought us our silverware, it was wet and dirty. I took them to the counter and asked for clean, dry silverware.Third: The service was extremely slow. A party of four ordered before us, and they received 2 of their orders in approx 10 minutes, and the other 2 orders approx 10 minutes later. The employee explained that they can only make a couple of orders at a time, and offered some cookies as consolation.Fourth: We got our order 30 minutes after we ordered it. I had the egg, sausage, cheese waffle sandwich. The egg and sausage were heated in the microwave and tasted like rubber.The only good things: The gentleman that made our coffees did an excellent , and the strawberries on my husband's waffles were fresh.I spoke to the manager, explained why we were there, our experience, and that we will not be back.I do not recommend this restaurant.
4	Loved it, everything is fresh and delicious, yes u can't be in a rush here but they take their time to explain what they offer so u know that u will enjoy it.  It's breakfast, take your time so u can enjoy the rest of your day, we will!!!
2	Eh... Was going to order waffles but they had no ice cream, so I went with the avocado drink. Ummmm... No bueno. Too much ice, no flavor, and I don't think the avocado was ripe enough. I make avocado drinks and it should turn somewhat green. My drink was a pale green yellow. The lady was nice so I gave her a star and then another star for the drink. Absolute fail. Sorry guys... Just speaking the truth. Make the avacado drink more milky less icy. Or just don't call it a smoothie cause it's far from that.
3	I thought this place would be more special for vegans, but it only has a couple vegan waffles that you can top with either nuts or fruit. Nothing special about this thin waffle, especially since the fruit was pretty sparse. Afterwards I felt like I should have gotten the kale salad instead, but I had a UNLV coupon for a waffle. I also tasted their strawberry sunrise smoothie and it's not bad. Also, there was only one person working there and making all of the food so it can take a while. I do want to come back and try the other smoothies and the kale salad. It seems pretty inexpensive compared to other places, and the person at the counter said that they're expanding their vegan menu.
5	Great food at a good price!    My son and I love eating here! The waffles are amazing and so are the BZB's. My son asks to eat here at least once a week since he first tried it. Great spot!
4	I have always loved unique coffee houses! They peek my interests when I travel and I enjoy when they have a good, cozy vibe. Above all, the coffee must taste great and not be ridiculously overpriced. This place is so delicious! They have friendly service and prices are reasonable. On top of all the yummy coffee options, they have tasty food. The second you walk in, it smells amazing. They are waffle bar and I often find myself having random cravings for their bacon waffle, but they have great sandwiches too! They have tea if you're not a coffee person. No matter your mood... you will find something here! Also, the names are fun and different. Definitely a change to your average coffee house.
1	Really, really slow. I know this isn't McDonalds, but 30 min. to get half our order and another 20 to get the rest? This was 9:30 am and there were only 6 other people in there the entire 1:15 hours we were there. Really cute place, small portions at great prices; but it just doesn't matter when they are so slow. Seriously, the woman behind the counter was even moving slow, no sense that people might be coming to her food establishment because they are hungry. And - the reason for 1 star- I could see her work because I was facing the counter, she was handling all the food with her bare hands. Picking up waffles, slicing strawberries, AND taking cash, answering the business phone, texting on her cell phone, never putting on gloves to handle food AND never washed her hands. Disgusting, I won't be back.
5	Awesome food! I had the hashtag waffle and could have had three more just to keep the taste in my mouth. The staff was also really nice and made recommendations for me when I couldn't decide what I wanted.  The place was a little tucked away off Maryland parkway but when you find it, it's like finding one of Vegas's secret gems. It's is very well priced and the ambiance is really chill and inviting. I will defiantly be back and would recommend this place to everyone!
5	You had me at vegan baffles and almond milk. nom nom nom. Two things which are very hard to find, especially in Vegas. The boyfriend got The Hof (he's the carnivore) which was this pretzel bun with roast beef, arugula, cheese and agave-mustard sauce and loved it. I had two vegan waffles with macadamia nuts and strawberries with an almond milk latte. I also got the kale salad to go and it was really good. Not too heavy on the dressing. Just perfect.Really cute spot. Not the same boring menu you see everywhere. Very attentive service, good prices. Really happy I found this spot. Taste buds happy :)
5	Went here from the Strip on my vacation with the Groupon deal and enjoyed it!  Had the Waffle Breakfast sandwich and it was pretty good, could have used more sausage though.  The owners/cooks/cashiers were very friendly and helpful and really made us feel welcome on our visit.  They explained the whole menu and asked where we were from and were very helpful in deciding what we should have.  You should check it out!
5	Oh man! Overwhelming! Especially for those who loves waffles AAAND breakfast! Also great coffees n teas beverages to choose from! Vegans welcome!  Everyone is soooo friendly as well as the atmosphere!
5	Got a new addiction! Mae's Sweet Dream! I've got to ALWAYS have that along w/my order! LOL BUT here's Wut I also got for my dinner AND breakfast! The west coast for dinner & the Hashtag breakfast sandwich, my drink is Dom's Coffee Cake BZB!
4	It's super cute inside with magazines, games, and good music and the staff was super sweet and helpful. The coffee was sweet but good (got the cupcake latte and the iced dirty mocha chai... The second was too chocolately to be a real chai honestly)But for a healthy place, they had no egg whites! Which to me is silly. We ordered the white macadamia waffle nut which was good but they put the toppings on top, not inside the batter which would've made it better. The toasty Tokyo was good along with the waffle club.  The groupon and punch cards are a nice touch. Giving it four stars because it's great that a place like this is by UNLV where there are no breakfast places or healthy places.
5	Been here twice, love the smoothies! and the breakfast waffles are great but the best part is you can customize anything and that's really helpful if you are on a certain diet. The staff is super cool and friendly.
4	Second time here and second yelp review. This place let's you basically make your own smoothie!! You can pick what goes in it and what you want to leave out. Plus it's very decently priced. Ironically cheaper than Jamba Juice and Tropical Smoothie even though it uses real fruit when the other chains DON'T.
4	I came to Tiabi to scope it out for future use with my dessert meet up. I am not hugely familiar with that area, but it was easy enough to find. Up the street from the Boulevard Mall, in the Target parking lot. When I arrived I was kind of nervous because we were the only people there on a Saturday around 4pm. I took the lack of business as a bad sign, but I was wrong!! Maybe not enough people know about it?? I'm not sure, but if you aren't going to Tiabi, you are totally missing out.As I said, this was a recon mission, so I had to order a little of everything, right?? We ordered 3 of the Wafflenuts - the white chocolate macadamia, the red velvet, and a vanilla one that wasn't listed on the menu. For waffles we got the Strawberry Kiss, but instead of strawberries we subbed bananas (on a Belgian waffle) and customized a classic waffle with blueberries and white chocolate. Everything was fantastic!! Everything was cooked to order perfectly. Hot, melty, sweet and so delicious!! I almost always get a to go box, and this is one of the few times ever that it was so good...I couldn't stop. No to go box needed.The have lots more on the menu I would like to try...including their coffees. I am excited to go back. I, also, heard there might be ice cream coming in the near future. Fingers crossed!!You should definitely check them out. They are worth a drive even if you don't live down that way. They are pretty affordable...$20 for everything I ordered plus a bottle of water. Portions are perfect...not too big or too small. The establishment is clean and relaxed. They have games and decks of cards on the table should the mood strike. Staff is super friendly and helpful.I will definitely be back!
5	Heard about this place the other day . Wow the prices here are awesome. I had the lolly waffle it's a turkey sausage wrapped in a waffle it was great. I also had the west coast wafflewhich a avacado blt so good. I als had a great smoothie. I highly recommend this place the service was awesome as well.
5	Great Food, Great Prices, Great Staff. Can't really ask for more. I don't even really like Waffles in general, but I love eating the kinds that they make. They are really the kings in the Waffle game. Everyone there is real nice and the service was quick.
5	Omnomnomnom. We came here after reading a review on a vegan website. I'm the only vegan so we love finding yummy places that have vegan options. We had the new vegan waffle burger, a caramel syrup macchiato with almond milk, a hashtag breakfast sandwich with bacon waffles, kisses waffle, and a strawberry sunrise smoothie. Everything was nom to the max (see first line). The sauce with the new vegan burger sandwich was amazing and we loved everything else. The employees were very friendly and we loved playing cards while our food came. Thanks, Tiabi, for a great breakfast and living up to the hype! We'll be back.
5	This place is very quaint. It reminds me of a small business in northern California. My favorite is the West Coast with a Kale Champ. This it's my favorite new spot. I hope the Las Vegas residents appreciate the new private business Tiabi has to offer. Both Tiffany and Mae are awesome and super sweet. The customer service is enough to keep you returning. Thanks ladies.
3	I heard from some people in the neighborhood that a new waffle place opened up right down the street on Flamingo & Maryland Pky, so I had to try!It's a small order at the counter type of place, but everything is reasonably priced (use a Yelp! check-in to get 15% off, or UNLV students get a discount as well!)  The special here is waffles done in all sorts of ways (with toppings, or as a sandwich in some cases).  I went with a waffle with almonds, bananas and Nutella on it for about $6.  The taste of it was OK, presented and cooked well, but nothing too special about the batter.  The disadvantage was it took what seemed like forever to get it (maybe just because I was hungry?).  I also got a hot chocolate which was just so-so.For the price it's a wonderful place, and it's close to Target so I could see coming here for brunch and doing some shopping, I know I'll be back, but the location and low pricing is the main driver.
5	Great little place. My Belgian style bacon waffle was perfect! Plenty of parking, fast WiFi, & super-friendly folks.
4	Loved the coffee.Got one of the smaller stuffed waffles from the front case- It was pretty and cute but I didn't really like the taste- kind of mushy on the inside. But I will prob. try something different next time. Super friendly owner and I love the idea. I will most differently be back for the fairly priced delicious coffee and espresso!
5	Delicious and friendly staff/owners! I went here with some friends after a hike with at Mt. Charleston and this was definitely what we craved! The 'Waffle macchiato', which was actually a cinnamon vanilla latte that came with a delicious cinnamon sugar covered waffle was PERFECT. We all enjoyed (this is a very modest statement because everything was fantastic) our food. We will be coming back again!
5	This place is amazing! They have great waffles, shakes, sandwiches, salads, espressos and cookies!! There are tons of vegan friendly dishes too. It's a great spot, really happy we found it!
4	Great place. me and my lady tried it. food was delicious. service was very good. the woman was very thoughtful and took care of us. forgot to leave a tip though. felt bad about it. looking forward to returning even though its far from my house.
4	love the decoration in this place! super rad star wars paintings near bathroom done by Patrizia who I randomly know from bikram yoga! the staff was very friednly and helped my boyfriend and I picked the perfect drink.. we got their khale drink and it was refreshing and delicious! we weren't hungry enough to try a waffle but we are definitely going back!
5	The waffle sandwhiches are amazing. Very light but still filling and very fresh. Staff is extremely friendly and it has a very comfortable atmosphere with comfy couches, as well as tables and chairs. And wifi ;)
4	In Vegas for a show, wanted to investigate vegan options. Small place, nice mellow vibe and the food tastes great. Coffee is good too. Cabbie didn't have a clue how to get here, but found it easily with my phone nav app. Worth the trip if you want to venture off the strip to seek vegan eats!
5	I love that there's a breakfast place near UNLV that has vegan choices! Actually their yums, including waffles and smoothies are great all day long and their dishes are artfully displayed (like their vegan waffle with strawberries and bananas on top)! I love their vegan waffle burger, and my go to smoothies of theirs are the kale champ and the banana berry ones. Mae and Tiffany, the owners of To Be Inspired And Inspire are always happy and positive and their helper bees are great too! They also play a great mix of great tunes in their shop!
5	great waffles great service nice atmosphere great prices
5	I absolutely love the waffles here.  I've tried the Belgian waffle Kisses and my sister's classic waffle banana nutella.  They're both so delicious!  My sister and I can't get enough of their waffles.  Their coffees are good quality too.  Usually, I don't expect much in regards to the quality of coffee.  However, every drink we've ordered is made fresh from their espresso machine, so no acidic after taste here.  Their customer is always excellent!  Very friendly and nice!Definitely recommended!
5	Friendly service and great Belgian waffles , must visit especially if you are  Vegan.
3	This is a small 3 person operation.  My wife ordered the bananatella Belgian waffle with a nutella drizzle, slivered almonds and whipped cream topping.  I sought nirvana by ordering a hashtag breakfast sandwich - Belgian waffle with turkey sausage, eggs and cheese.  I enhanced my sandwich with a generous douse of breakfast syrup.  Both entrees were very good as was the strawberry sunrise smoothie that we ordered to go.
3	Tasty waffles. The vibe is still being figured out but the variety of waffles and what you can put in or on them is good. A hip little trendy spot that offers coffee drinks and a variety of savory and sweet waffle options.
5	Delicious food! Had the #breakfast sandwich, west coast sandwich, red velvet lollipop, and strawberry sunrise smoothie and everything was delicious. Employees are helpful and friendly too. Matter of time before lines are out the door!
5	This place is a must when you visit Vegas. Its a little way off the beaten track but worth the short trip from the strip.  My husband and I got the west coast and hash tag breakfast sandwich and strawberry sunrise smoothie. The west coast was good BUT the hash tag breakfast sandwich was hands down..the best waffle sandwich I ever had. The waffle was so airy, fluffy, and buttery and the sausage and egg was puuuurrrfect. The smoothie was the best I ever had.  The guy at the register was so chill and patient while we couldn't make up our mind! We also had a red velvet lollie and it was was such a treat. I give this place 2 thumbs up!
5	Yummmmmmmmmm!  I cannot get enough of this place!  The kale waffle salad is our favorite!  We split that with the Californian sandwich!
5	Absolute best place to get waffles in Vegas. The waffle has an excellent texture and is soo tasty. The whipped cream on the top is one of the best parts.The sandwiches are also really good. The kale champ smoothie is good if you're a fan of kale. If you don't like kale try a fruity smoothie because you can still taste it.So far I haven't had a bad meal here!
5	It was great!!! Very accommodating to my vegan needs!! And my boyfriends non vegan needs! :) it's a shame it's so far away from me and not in the greatest part of town! But don't let that scare you away! It was top notch quick breakfast!
1	First of all, I am a huge fan of breakfast places in general.  I had read in the weekly that this place was pretty good and their menu looked amazing.  So for finals week we decided to treat ourselves.My partner had the hashtag waffles with strawberries and I went with the bannarama waffles.  The counter lady was pretty nice at first but our order took soo long.  There only three people in the place!  I asked her what was going on and she got extremely rude and said they only had a few irons going and my order would be ready when it's ready.  Need to work on their customer service skills big time!While we were waiting I ordered a strawberry kale smoothie and it was pretty good until I found some really large chunks of kale that were not blended well.  Tasted like a salad halfway through my drink...We waited at least an hour before telling her we needed to leave because we were late to class.  She offered us a discount and we ended up getting our orders to go, but they were completely overcooked (big surprise) and the waffles were crispy and tasted like cardboard.  In the end, the prices are good.  The food and service are not.
3	I'm all for helping out small, locally-owned shops, but to get me to visit a second time the food has to be good. With Tiabi, I'm on the fence. On one hand the B.A.T. wafflewich ($4.95) with its bacon, arugula, and tomato was delicious. I don't know what the Tiabi sauce in the wafflewich consisted of, but in combination with the other ingredients it made it unbelievably tasty. On the other hand, the Break-The-Fast wafflewich ($4.95) was a complete disaster. The whole thing looked sad. The sausage was barely warm, the cheese looked like it was straight out the fridge having had no contact with any heat to melt it, and the scrambled eggs looked like prepackaged/pre-cooked eggs found at McDonald's.Somewhere in between in quality were the two waffle dishes I tried. Ordered as a Belgian waffle, the maple bacon waffle ($5.99) was thick and soft, as expected, with large chunks of bacon in the batter. The savory and saltiness of it in combination with the sweetness of the batter and syrup made it a solid choice all around. The red velvet waffle ($5.50), ordered as a classic thin waffle, lacked any crispness around the exterior. The flavor was well balanced with a moderate amount of chocolate chips and whipped cream giving it enough sweetness without making it too overindulgent.With classic, Belgian, and vegan waffles, specialty coffee drinks and frozen drinks, there's plenty of promise here. Unfortunately, some of the execution on my visit was lackluster. And, don't expect fast service. Even with three employees hustling in the back we waited a while for our orders despite being the first ones through the door in the morning.
4	The place was playing classic rock which was an immediate plus. We were the first customers that day and the woman who was working at the time was very nice. I ordered a bananaetta (a waffle with bananas and nutella) and was not disappointed. The banana's were delicious. I also enjoyed the vanilla chai latte. This is one of the few places where I felt like I paid the right amount for what I received.
5	Every time I visit here I try something new, I have never been disappointed! The wafflewich is a must try! I love how fresh everything is made, I leave with a sweet satisfied feeling every time. I like the vegan/vegetarian options as well. Friendly and helpful staff keep a positive atmosphere, one of the reasons I really like this place
5	We were looking for a simple breakfast place in the land of Casino breakfasts and we are glad we found Tiabi! Excellent service and very yummy food. The maple Bacon Waffle was great and reminded me of when my Dad used to make bacon waffles! Ah, sweet reminiscence! The West Coast Waffle sandwich was also delicious and it improved on a very decent chicken sandwich with the addition of waffles. If you're liking for a giant Denny's style breakfast menu this is not the place but if you want some really good waffles Tiabi is an excellent choice!
5	OMG!   The best waffle ever.  Had a Belgium waffle. It was light crispy and DELICIOUS!  I love waffles.   But it is hard to find a good one.  This is the place!  Every thing is made here including the whipped cream. Got a chai latte coffee.  It was perfect.
4	Super delicious and super friendly, plus their mantra is one that is close to my heart. I got the Viva Las Elvis waffle with Nutella added and it was an explosion of sweet and salty goodness in my mouth. The Snickers iced coffee was also good, but not as impressive as the waffle. I'll definitely be back.
4	Saw a Groupon for this place and was intrigued. I was surprised that after attending UNLV the past few semesters that I had never heard of this place from anyone since it's so close to campus. It's a a whole in the wall with wonderful charm. I really love that there are decks of playing cards at every table and board games to play if you so desire.Now for the food, my boyfriend and I asked for the cashier's opinion about what was popular and we went with four of her top recommendations. Both she and the guy in the back were super nice and helpful. I ordered the Kale Champ and one of the waffle sandwiches. My boyfriend got a hot caramel coffee (which they brought him a cold version instead of the hot he ordered, but he enjoyed it) and the Elvis banana peanut butter bacon waffles (Seriously amazing, the crispy bacon worked so well with the all the other ingredients, a must have). Everything was really delicious and despite the small mix-up we'll definitely be going back again.
5	This place is amazing! Excellent waffles and smoothies, and great vegan options!
5	Delicious!!! I got an avocado, bacon, lettuce and tomato waffle sandwich! It was great and just the right amount of food. Also got a coffee that came with these churro-esque waffles. Overall, friendly staff and had a cute atmosphere. Would definitely return the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I tried this place this morning and it was a great experience. I ordered an iced Tiff's Waffle Machiatto and it was bombdotcom. Just the right amount of sweetness, just the right amount of milkyness, and just the right amount of ice. The quality of the coffee is legitimate. A+ on the drink.I also ordered some golden classic Belgium waffles. Finally, I find a place here in Las Vegas with real waffles. Waffles are supposed to consist of a juxtapose balance of crispy exteriors and soft almost custardy interiors. These waffles had that. They were so delightful to eat that I didn't even bother drenching them with maple syrup or butter. I would definitely go again for their coffee and 2 nice little Belgium waffles to accompany my delightful coffee. Great job Taibi!-Ozzy
5	Had what I honestly consider to be the best waffle I've ever tasted in my life. Bacon, egg, and cheese on a crisp, soft-centered, golden brown waffle with Siracha sauce and maple syrup so good it probably just came from Mayor Rob Ford's favorite Canadian Maple tree. So good I'm just going to crush some work and stick around for lunch too (apparently they do burgers and sandwiches on waffles too?) Check this place out if you're in town. You'll be glad you did.
5	So don't expect a chain style meal or speed. These are regular people cooking delicious food!  We had the maple bacon Belgium waffle, Nutella waffle nut, caramel macchiato, banaberry smoothie, and the banana Nutella waffle. WOW!Awesome place, great service, AMAZING food!  If you haven't tried this place, you should.
5	Saw a Groupon for Tiabis, decided to try it. It was very good. Using Waffles for the sandwich bread is great idea. Tried the wafflezilla and now the vegan burger. Tremendous! They're homemade are pretty amazing as well. Will be hurting this place up when I'm in the area.
5	Really love this place. Purchased a Groupon which got me in the door but I will definitely come back. I ordered an Almond Joy iced coffee which tasted more like chocolate to me that any notes of almond or coconut but I still found it to be delicious. Had the break the fast and the South American. Came cut so that way my bf and I could each get a half of the sandwich to try it out. I like the crispiness of having a waffle as a substitute for bread and both of the sandwiches were satisfying. Recommend this place as the service was amazing. Everyone was very nice and welcoming from the moment you walk in. Also, they have a deck of cards at each table to play some games while you wait for your food. The bathrooms were clean and appealed to my inner nerd by having a Star Wars sign outside of the bathroom to indicate the gender.
5	I LOVE Tiabi! I'm vegan so whenever I visit Las Vegas my options are very limited. Luckily Tiabi is so veg-friendly! Their waffles are great, the staff is friendly, five stars all the way!
5	I've tried this place for the first time last week. A friend of mine and I came over to grab dessert and I have to say we made the right choice. It's very cute and clean inside. There are magazines and couches to lounge on and there are decks of cards to play with on each table. They also have board games to keep you entertained.The staff is also very nice and helpful on their suggestions. Their waffles are delicious! They are the perfect texture and go well with ice cream. I will definitely be coming back to try their Churronimo!
4	I had a groupon so I kinda went all out.  I ordered the Country Chick Sandwich with avacado, chips and a green tea, a chicadilla, the cinnamon sugar waffles, and the wafflenut with Nutella and almonds-- OMG I'm full!  This place is pretty awesome.  Definitely not a dieting place though lol... Their waffles have got to be one of the best I've tried.  Served up fresh and warm, the waffles are nice and crisp on the outside, and chewy on the inside.  Loved it.  It's located on the corner of Flamingo and Maryland in the Target complex.  Really chill environment.  Great for breakfast or lunch, or maybe a snack or dessert.  There were 2 girls behind the counter cooking and taking orders.  Super friendly staff.  I think they have wifi, because a lot of college students look like they were meeting to get work done.  Definitely enjoyed this place.  I just wish it was closer to my house!
5	I Don't Live in Vegas and found this place off the beaten path. I love it! Vegan or non-Vegan you can go and have a great meal a good cup of coffee/smoothie in a very pleasant setting. The staff here is some of the best I have encountered in Vegas. They're friendly, helpful and always seemed to have a smile (even when things got busy and everyone was under pressure).  I now make this a place I stop at when coming to visit a few times a year. So, my only caveat to anyone reading this is this, if you are in a super hurry call a head, everything is made to order and it takes some time to cook those amazing Belgian waffles to perfection. So kick back and enjoy, I did!!
5	I really love this place. They make an amazing cappuccino, great shakes, and I love the 'kisses'  regular styled waffles. So good. Haven't had a bad tome here yet, so glad I found a great coffee shop, way better then any big time coffee shops.
5	The have an interesting, diverse menu, but I've never had anything I didn't like. The staff and owners are awesome people with a passion for food. Everything is reasonably priced and you get a satisfying meal every time. Love it.
5	I keep on coming back every time cz I started to crave waffles now that I know what they are. I actually had waffles for the first time in my life at Tiabi and I don't regret it at all. Girls that work here are so welcoming.  Feel like I'm invited to their house, and they're such amazing hosts. CLEAN and healthy. Very tasty .. The owner gave me this vegan cookie to try as a sample and I tell you.  It tastes amazing.  I'm not vegan nor vegetarian but I'm in love with this place.
4	Viva Las Elvis! A Belgian Waffle stuffed with peanut butter, topped with bacon and bananas! Sorry, no photo. It did not last very long!Good coffee and chai. The South American Waffle Sandwich was pretty excellent, too!
5	Their Waffle Carmel Macchiato, Bacon infused waffle and red velvet waffle sticks are TO DIE FOR! This place has it all and they are close to the strip and convention center for quick made to order catering needs!
5	This place is great! Today I had the west coast sandwich and it was amazing. One of the best sandwiches in the area. The chicken is perfect for the sandwich. And the waffle as bread is a cool idea. My girlfriend and I normally go in here for smoothies and this was the first time I ate food and I was not disappointed. The smoothies are really good as well the first time I had a smoothie with tofu I didn't think I would like it because of the tofu but it gets better ever time! Would  totally recommend this place to others!
3	I was so excited to go to this cafe once I saw that they had waffle sandwiches because I LOVE Bruxie's waffle sandwiches, but they don't have one in Vegas. Tiabi gives you the option of the classic waffle (thin, round waffle) or a Belgian waffle (thick, square waffle) for the sandwiches. The classic waffle reminded me of the one at Bruxie, but the quality and service were lacking. I ordered the West Coast sandwich and it was decent, but I felt like it was lacking flavor and thrown together a bit sloppily. I also got the red velvet wafflenut and it was super sweet, doughy, and just seemed like it wasn't fully cooked. There were only two people working, so it took us about ten minutes to order and another 20 minutes to get our food. For the amount of customers that were there, they definitely would benefit from having another employee. Overall, cute place, vegan friendly, but they just need to work on their consistency and their service.
3	Once I heard about a waffle bar in Vegas, I knew I had to try it, but unfortunately, I was a bit disappointed with my experience here. I arrived at eleven with a party of six, and another decently sized party had just arrived a little earlier too. We ordered, and waited such a long time for our food. There were only two employees working there, and we understood how difficult it must be preparing for two medium sized tables, but the thirty minute wait for our food was just too long, and that ultimately contributed to my three-star review. :( On the other hand, I'd give the food a four. I split a West Coast and South American. I'd highly recommend the classic waffle with sandwiches instead of the Belgian! They ran out of ham for the South American, but they compensated it with bacon and chicken; it basically became another West Coast though. Our party also checked into Yelp, and received the wafflenut. I tried the white chocolate macadamia, and although it wasn't exceptional, it was still delicious. :)
5	If breakfast and lunch had a love child it would be the Vegan Guru Burger. The party is closer to a sausage than a burger patty making this the perfect combo. Eat then enter a state of vegan euphoria. Then when you come down from that high, get a Sunrise Smoothie to sustain the everlasting gastro bunker buster.Favorite place in Vegas now!
5	Came back the very next day. I will be craving the Guru burger for weeks. This seriously needs to be on a vegan foodie bucket list.
5	Taibi is AMAZING!! The staff and owners (Tiff & Mae) are super friendly and make some awesome food! This is gonna be one of the main things I'm going to be missing now that I've moved away from LV. For UNLV students: there is wifi and electric outlets for studying AND a discount if you say you're a student. For vegetarians and vegans: there are some great options and the variety keeps expanding. Also, they have almond milk options for all coffee drinks!Hint: try the "Maddie in a Basket" (vegan wafflewich made with a kale waffle)
3	Cute little waffle shop.  They have a big variety of toppings for waffles.  I got the elvis which had bananas, peanut butter and honey - delicious!  On another occasion I got a green smoothie that I was a little disappointed by.  The ingredients were not blended until smooth so there was just too much texture.  Aside from that, the flavor was good.
5	This place is amazing! As you walk in, the restaurant looks so cool the way they decorated. I love the chalk walls. Their menu is different from any ordinary waffle house. Their choices for waffles and drinks are really unique. I'm not a fan of waffles, but the B.A.T. Waffle Sandwich was so delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant!!!!
3	This is a very small place with two ladies working the orders.  They are pretty slow, but everything is made fresh to order. They have playing cards on the table, and after a 20 minute wait, we found out why. I got the Mango tea, which was very good.  I am not a big sweets person so I put very little sweet and low in my tea if any.  This flavor did not need any sweetener. Then I ordered their B.A.T. on waffle instead of bread. It was just ok.  The waffle seemed overdone to me and the sandwich was lacking taste.  Nice fruit side bowl, but strawberries were on their last leg. I think most of the positive reviews were for the waffle desserts. So if I ever come back again, then I will stick to the sweet side of the menu, even though sweets are not my favorite.
5	Came here on 3 separate occasions. Loved everything we tried! The 3rd time I came, service was a bit slow and had to get my stuff to go, but it's because so many people enjoy eating here. 1. Green smoothies are always good.2. I love their lollies.
4	Totally random in a weird little shopping plaza. Quaint inside, but everything we ordered was delicious. Hard to find a good vegan waffle and this place has it! Also, the woman behind the counter that served us was super nice.
3	I came here with some friends yesterday and we shared a number of items. As I walked in, I noticed how lovely it smelled and was excited to try their waffles. We sat and perused the menu for a while and I was a little disappointed that no one really checked on us or even asked if we wanted waters or more menus than just the one for our group of three. We finally figured out what we wanted and went up to the counter to order.The lady behind he counter kept interrupting my dining companion as he started to order by yelling behind to another person who worked there. I thought that was a little rude, so that definitely put me off.Our food took a while to come, but it looked really pretty. What we ordered:-red velvet wafflenut -Nutella and almond wafflenut -The Fat Elvis waffle-Strawberry and chocolate waffle-Vegas churro waffle with honey, cinnamon, sugar and vanilla ice creamEverything was solid. The consensus was that the churro waffle was the favorite and I personally enjoyed the strawberry waffle, minus the chocolate sauce. Service needs work and the location is awkward, so I don't see myself making much effort to come back to this place in the future.
5	Vegan Belgian waffles with tasty toppings!! Fun little place with excellent food, great coffee and reasonable prices. Always hit it up when I'm in town. I recommend the Vegan La Elvis.
5	Ok let me start off by saying i absolutely love this place super offbeat in the best possible way, the quirky decor and i love the huge chalk wall the message is totes me. Right away when you step into the doors you feel relaxed and welcomed. Between the chill atmosphere friendly staff you never want to leave, bonus they have playing cards on the table to entice you to stay a while. Perfect for an after work chill spot or rejuvenate after a long day of shopping!  The prices for the portions are redonculous! Averaging about $6 buck. I got the Banatella Belgium waffle and i know you can see my face but its covered in drool! the waffle is crispy on the outside and fluffy warm goodness on the inside i had mine topped with a scoop of Thriftys (yes i said Thriftys) ice cream and my waffle stood up to the scoop the bananas, delicious Nutella drizzle and almond slivers without ever getting mushy! My friend got her own creation (she's a bit of a mad scientist) She had the traditional waffle with chocolate chips, strawberries and caramel and she had no complaints. I will definitely be back hope to see you there!
3	I wanted to pick up some morning macchiatos, so my friend suggested I try out Tiabi. I was greeted by the friendly cashier who was open to answering all of my first time client questions. I ordered two regular caramel macchiatos and also received a macadamia/caramel Lolly waffle for checking in. The macchiatos barely had a caramel taste, but did showcase the fresh coffee it was made with. Definitely better quality and more refreshing than any chain coffee shop. The Lolly waffle was satisfying but had an awful amaretto after taste and was undercooked in the center. If they gave their waffle maker a good scrubbin' and ditched the almond tang, I think the lolly waffle could have a chance to be great. Overall, the customer service was friendly and coffee was tasty, but the lolly waffle and cleanliness of the establishment need improvement.
4	I'm glad I came across this place. local spots are much more engaging with customers and the vibe and atmosphere is great if you want to enjoy some good espresso.  Super friendly and the food is tasty...crispy to perfection.
5	Great energy, good coffee, nice waffles and good people. Mae the co owner has a great energy
5	This place is delicious, has a great atmosphere and environment, the barista is friendly and thoughtful. There are cards at all of the tables and the barista will even play with you if they have a little bit of down time. I love local places and this place exceeded my expectations.
5	The food was soooo good! Best waffles I've ever had. And the service was great, everyone is very friendly :)
4	I ate here alone a few days ago and as far as customer service goes they were great! The lady at the front was very personable and actually conversed with me personally. Most places ask you what you want and want to get on with their day, but it's nice to walk into a restaurant for the first time and get acknowledged like they are happy you chose them as a place to eat today. It was a very cute/creative place. I love how there are cards at all the tables. I will have to bring my boyfriend just for that! Lol. I ordered the guru burger. (Vegan) and it was  interesting. I tasted the waffle and burger and it was weird at first but not gross. I definitely will go back. There is a few smoothies I would like to try.
4	Tasty and inexpensive, this little gem is a great spot for a coffee or yummy waffles.   Be sure to note the Vats of Nutella.  :)
5	Delicious pumpkin latte best I've ever had. I order this at many different coffee shops and always get a sugar punch to the throat. This one is not over syrup grossness, it's perfect. The organic toasty Tokyo is light and delicious too!
5	This place is has got to be one of my favorite spots locally for coffee and a quick bite in vegas!  I've tried the vegan Wafflewhich and not that I'm vegan but thought I give it shot and it was DIVINE. I will definitely be going back to try the rest.
5	What a cute little place! The word TIABI stands for to inspire and be inspired. I love this place for so many reasons. They have fresh juice smoothies, vegan options and WAFFLES! Yes I am conscious about being healthy but I do have a sweet tooth and this place gives me both! Plus the owners and workers are super nice which makes me want to come and hang out more often. My favorites:Peanut butter banana smoothieVegan Belgian waffles with the toppings of your choice! Vegan kale chocolate chip ccookies!This place is still pretty new so I can tell they are adding and changing the menu due to demand.. Love it! They have everything non-vegan as well so you can enjoy the place with vegans and non-vegans ;)
5	I've only recently started coming here and I love it. The people are wonderful and so is the food. I get the #hashtagbreakfastsandwhich and either the very peachy shaken tea or the Frankenstein expresso. I love this place and not to mention coming in Saturday mornings and hearing live music!
5	AMAZING WAFFLES! I love to come here for coffee and waffles on my mornings off work. The employees are always friendly. I sit down with a book, and someone brings my food to me. There isn't a lot of seating, but I have never seen it completely full (yet). This is one of my favorite restaurants in all of Vegas.
5	My husband and I visited this place while we were in vegas for our one year anniversary.  We give this place 5 stars. Taste is great and menu is original. It is a smaller joint and if busy be prepared to wait. Love the food, environment, and music. Would come back here if we visit vegas again.
3	Bought the groupon so I had the opportunity to check out this spot 3 times. Suffice to say, after all 3 visits, I thought that it was OK.I guess that this place focuses mainly on waffles used in a traditional sense, with sweet toppings, as well as savory preparations, such as using a pair of waffles as a bun for a sandwich.First off, I would say that using the groupon was pretty difficult here. I had 3 of them, good for $8 to spend. The waffles ranged from 5-6 dollars, and the coffee drinks ranged from 4-5. You do the math. I think it would have been better to offer 2 $5 for $10, instead of the 3 $4 for $8.The good news first. The fillings and toppings they use are great! For the hashtag breakfast sandwich, the egg and turkey sausage was cooked perfectly and well seasoned. For the Tokyo sandwich, the chicken was moist and tender, and the veggies were very fresh. The sauces they use are well balanced, the sweet ones aren't too sweet, and the savory sauces are packed with flava!The bad news. I hated the waffle. I've tried both the thin waffle they use for sandwiches, and the thicker Belgium style one. My conclusion is that I frankly don't like their waffle recipe. They both had a strong metallic taste that resonated the more I ate it. This happens when I eat biscuits or other quick breads that use too much leavening, such as baking powder. This may be the culprit. The interior of the waffle is pretty doughy as well. Also, it took a little longer that I though it would to receive my order. On my last visit, I ordered a waffle sandwich, lolly waffle, and small hot coffee, and I timed them at 16 minutes. It would be better than to rather than to stack 3 separate customer orders at the same time, it's better to do one order at a time, because the 2 other people received their orders 1 minute after mine was ready :/The coffee is ok but pricy for the portion size. The employees are nice and friendly, but also they seem to be easily distracted.Wasn't the worst waffle, but not the best. Slightly middle of the pack is where I would put them. If you are in the mood for a savory waffle sandwich, this place would be the place to go because no one else in town is doing it (RIP Bread and Butter). Liked everything 'cept for the waffle itself. 'Nuff said.
4	Found this nice little place. The service was friendly.  The waffles were tasty.  I had the red velvet waffle.  I really enjoyed my peaches and cream latte.  Not too pricey of a place either.
4	We had The West Coast and 2 Hot Chocolates and Maple Baci  Waffle.    Everything was absolutely delicious we will definetly be back... I wish they had a patio to smell some fresh air and open later like midnight.  The staff was cool!!!
5	Excellent customer service,  excellent food, and excellent atmosphere. I would recommend this place to anyone. Loved it!!! Very good prices for what you get.
5	Literally sweetest group of people. The owners are very friendly with genuine, great hospitality. The food was AMAZING and extremely affordable. One of those hidden gems in town.
5	It's been a while since I wrote a review, but I wanted to write one about my favorite cafe - TIABI.TIABI - "To Inspire And Be Inspired". I discovered this little place through a student organization at UNLV. They are super close to campus and an excellent place to "be inspired," in my case this is the only place where I know I can sit down and focus on writing and studying. I've been here several times already and have accomplished so much (yelping reviews is the bottom of my list up until now). First, the only downside I can mention is that there is only one wall outlet (that I know) where I can plug in. That little area has become my personal spot. Other than that, I thoroughly love this venue.Location/Open times: TIABI is down the street from UNLV. It is in a secluded area of the Target shopping plaza right next to a great sushi place. As a potential schoolteacher, the 7am open time is right when I have to get to class but it is open until 8pm on most days making it a good place to have breakfast on my off days, lunch, or chillax after class/work.Aesthetics: Local art, waffle "hashtags" everywhere, a couple of couches and sturdy tables and seating. The wired art light fixtures  add a nice rustic look (though they tend to accumulate dust quickly). Nothing is too distracting, and I can zone into my work or a conversation easily. Their playlists are provided by Pandora and varies by the people working, but I have enjoyed the musical tastes of the staff thus far, ranging from islander to indie.Food: In the words of a lego dude, "EVERYTHING IS AWESOME!!" There are plenty of options, especially health and allergy conscious, handcrafted on the spot. I have always enjoyed that "fresh" taste and have never suffered a regretful feeling leaving (as is sometimes the case with Chipotle or even Starbucks). As I am writing this review, I am having their red velvet waffle (so sweet and delectable) paired with a new beverage, the Frankenstein frappe, a cool and refreshing drink lightly sweetened with agave but not so much as to overpower the taste of the coffee. I am enjoying myself and am getting my morning kick (which is why I can write). Service: The owners, Tiff and Mae, are both super awesome and have taken care of me on numerous occasions. Their staff are just as kind and sociable, and I haven't had a problem striking up a conversation as I am often here alone. I feel as welcome as sitting at a desk in my own living room. I'm surprised that not as many people come to just hang out, but I'm certain that will change as more people come to know about TIABI.I like small hole-in-the-wall local places, and I feel especially at home at this one. Hope this review was inspiring!
4	A bit pricey for some waffles and coffee, but VERY WELL worth the money (and wait, since my boyfriend and I had enough time to play solitare and a couple of games of speed before our food came). The lady noticed that I was vegan when I asked for almond milk with my mocha frappe and she gave me a heads up and let me know they use milk for the base so I ended up just drinking water instead (which is free, they have a cute little water station). I ended up ordering the guru burger and my boyfriend got the vegan wafflewich and we also decided to get the churronimo. It's a quick little breakfast bite but it was so good! I know I'll end up coming here from time to time now that I know about this place.
4	Food is rlly good, tastes fresh & not greasy or fattening. A little pricey, but worth it, you get what you pay for. They also have vegan options which is cool (:
5	I think I may be in heaven. I found this place by luck since I am going to an event at the Clark County Library. When I walked inside, the batista was very friendly. There is so much to eat and choose for, but it's not overwhelming: it makes me want to come back and try more! With this being my first visit, I got the Tiff ' s Waffle Macchiato. Why yes I would love a waffle with my coffee. As I'm writing my review, I'm thinking of ordering more food because I need these speciality waffles (breakfast, lunch, and dessert) in my life.  I just received my drink. First sip and I am in love.
5	Excellent food & service. I will definitely be back. Lots of Vegan options and super friendly staff.
1	If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. The owner was ridiculous!!! They were having a special on the pumpkin waffle and a Halloween waffle. I wanted the pumpkin waffle, which come in a Belgian waffle style. However, the owner informed me that she only had enough batter for the original or regular waffle in pumpkin. She attempted to make me get the Halloween waffle, but I did not want that. I requested the same style of the Belgian pumpkin order in a regular waffle style since they could not accommodate what was on the menu. She began to harp on charging me for glazed pecans because that  was how the original came. I told her why would she charge me considering they could not provide what was on the menu? She began discussing that the pecans cost $, and had an attitude the entire time. Also, we almost choked on smoke inhalation. While I support small businesses frequently, this was a mistake and I encourage anyone who wants polite, fast and great service to turn elsewhere.  Tiabi SUCKS and that's putting it lightly. Needless to say, we took our business to the Crab Corner. DON'T DO IT!!!
5	So glad I came here!! There is a variety of different type / style of waffles. ..from breakfast to lunch/ snack.Southern waffle: diced ham, melted cheese, w/ avocado. Prices: very affordable. Environment: clean and friendly
5	At first glance this place looks like any other privately owned coffee shop. When you walk in the mood is calm and relaxing. You're greeted with a smile and upon looking at the menu excitement builds as you can tell that this is no ordinary coffee shop. It becomes obvious that the proprietors Tiffany and Mae put a lot of effort into creating menu choices that are not only healthy, but delectable and unique. The coffee is wonderful and flavorful especially if one's tired of the over roasted bitterness of Starbucks and many others coffee. As far as the food goes I have trouble ordering anything other than either the hashtag breakfast sandwich or the mixed berry salad. My favorite smoothie would definitely have to be the kale champ as it is not too sweet and tastes incredible.  frequent this establishment as I feel others should as well. Oh yeah and if you're having a bad day you should pop in for an ice cream waffle. It makes everything better.
3	I went there for the first time today. The waffles are fresh and delicious. I tried the Bananatella. It is two square belgian waffles topped with whipped cream, sliced almonds, and Nutella. The waffle is crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I am taking off two stars because the interior is unappealing. The decoration does not look good, the paint color is unappealing, the furniture is mismatched, the table looks old and dirty (even though it was clean). Overall, love the food and dislike the atmosphere/interior decoration.
4	I was looking for something breakfast-y, about 1230 PM on Sunday. I had seen this place since I live in ghetto area around here--it's in the Target shopping center. I dropped in and it smelled great.I'll admit I'm not a big fan of waffles (prefer eggs/hashbrowns kind of breakfast) but the menu of waffles looked interesting.I tried the waffle with bacon inside. When the server was getting it ready, she asked me if I wanted butter and I said no, which was okay. At any rate, waffle was good, bacon was crisp and I switched out the sugar free syrup for real stuff. The downside was that sadly, I was still sort of hungry but decided not to order another one :) Price is reasonable.I don't do coffee, so I can't speak to any those offerings.I'll go back and try it again sometime.
5	Coffee and waffles? YES PLEASE!Came across this great spot on the Yelp app - on the hunt for something sweet. We skipped the coffee, but sure got our sweet tooth craving fulfilled with one of their delicious waffles.They have various waffles to choose from with toppings such as nutella, banana, strawberries, chocolate and other sweets. Then they also have savory waffle sandwiches with bacon, turkey - and even egg and cheese!We stuck with the Banana Tella which has banana, nutella drizzle, almonds and whipped cream. You can make any waffle a "dessert" by adding a scoop of ice cream. YES PLEASE! The waffle was incredible. I would of liked more of a "home made" whip cream - this one was possibly from the can - but it was still great.We got the chance to chat up the owner and she was so nice! We asked her about the concept and apparently it started as a coffee shop - then they wanted to add some desserts and decided waffles would be a good fit - then decided to hit the lunch crowd so they added the savory waffles. Genius!Awesomee concept - great folks working there - and a delicious product! Wish I had tried the coffee! Aw, well - gives me reason to come back to Vegas!
5	I literally just left this place and already ready to come back for more! I had the kale champ smoothie( which was actually amazing, with 2 full cups of kale) and the Elvis Belgium waffle: peanut butter, banana, savory crispy bacon, and honey drizzled on top of this light flaky waffle! I'm glad it wasn't burnt either because I HATE burnt waffles! Friendly staff and if you're a Unlv student you get 10% off your bill! I WILL be back to try more things off their menu!
3	So it's located in the plaza with Target on the Maryland Parkway side. It'd be easy to miss it if you don't know where to look! It's a small cozy cafe with seating for around 30-40 people? It's super close to UNLV which makes it a prime place to go to for a coffee break and possibly to study. They do have free WiFi! And the owners are pretty cool and really nice.I ended up getting waffles and tea, more specifically I got the vegan version of Viva Las Elvis with vegan ice cream. It's a waffle with peanut butter, honey (agave if vegan version), and coconut bacon with a scoop of ice cream on top. It was pretty good, nothing too spectacular. The peanut butter melted into the waffle which was pretty awesome, because I mean melted peanut butter on anything is delicious! And the ice cream was well vegan vanilla ice cream and wasn't too special to me. I'll probably not get tea again, only because it was $2 for a bag and one cup of hot water. I'm not sure if they'll give you more hot water, but one bag and one cup of water doesn't seem like it's worth it. My biggest gripe was that it was DIRTY. I mean the tables, I went through two tables and they were both dirty. There was dried syrup on them and stains from the last customers. I looked down to see if there were any other tables, but most of them seemed like they were dirty to me. I tried cleaning some of it off, but most of it didn't come off with a napkin and some water. That to me is disgusting especially since it seems most people leave their dishes and the owners clean it off. That's just how it looked to me, when other customers ate and then left. When I got there the whole cafe was empty but as I sat there there were people that came and go. So they didn't really have an excuse to be dirty. I do however want to try some other menu items the next time I go. I just hope it's cleaner this time. I like the owners, they're pretty nice to talk to. I like the atmosphere. I like the location. I like some of their food so far. But I don't like dirty tables where I'm going to eat especially at cafe/restaurants/etc.
5	Great vibs owners are sweet def luv the reggae music waffles are ahhhmazing  overall best breakfast spot off the strip!! :D
5	Bacon inside my waffle mmm. Had breakfast there yesterday and really considering going back for lunch today. Tiffs waffle macchiato is fantastic! Love Tiffy and Mae. Love Tiabi.
3	Tiabi is a small little cafe located next to Target. I saw few students there studying since they offer free wifi. The prices were reasonable. I ordered the red velvet chocolate chip waffles. Some of the coffee beverages sounded yummy but I held off from getting one. I went during the evening so it was pretty much slow but there was some what of a wait to get our food. The waffles were good but it wasn't filling enough for me. Compared to Babystacks, Tiabi was just average.
4	Awesome spot!  Fun, fresh, funky great waffles!  Fantastic service from the fun and extremely nice employees!  You should order two things though if you like to eat a little more than average..
5	This place is heaven. No, seriously, it is.  Where else can one find green smoothies and scrumptious waffles in ONE place?So eat the darn waffle, and then repent by drinking blended kale. Yup, pretty much,As we walked in, we were greeted by happy faces and the scent of warm, delicious waffles. I was very impressed by the selection of vegan goodies they offered. But luckily, im not vegan, so it was time to indulge with deliciousness. We ordered the Banana Tella waffle and sat down. They make the waffles fresh for each order so we had to wait a couple of minutes. When the waffles came out I had one regret: we had ordered one to share. And although one is actually pretty big, this is the kind of dish that should never be shared with a lived one. Its seriously good enough to break friendships and end marriages. Luckily for my husband, I had a big lunch before it, so it  wasnt so bad (the sharing, that is).If you like waffles, GO. If you like smoothies, GO. If you like coffee, GO.Just go. Seriously. And order the banana tella. You are welcome.
3	Nice concept, average execution. So far we had- The West Coast with chips- Hashtag breakfast sandwich with chips- Golden waffles- Bananatella- Waffle macciatoThe savory items had the potential, but it was a failure due to the lack of freshness. To be fair, they aren't pricey, so I think it's a reasonable middle ground, but I hoped something better than this.
5	The vegan options here are amazing! I have been here a few times and have gotten great service every time. Brought my non vegan mother here and she loved the regular menu options as well. We will keep coming back :)
5	This is my favorite place to grab lunch or breakfast in Vegas.  I live within walking distance and go about 1-2 times a month.  The staff always remembers me and I don't even have to mention that I'm vegetarian since my first visit.  My favorite is the Viva Las Elvis, they make this awesome vegan bacon that is made from coconut flakes in place of all their regular bacon items.  Another favorite of mine is the Guru Burger.  They are happy to try new combinations too if you ask.My roommate is a carnivore and we always go together.  He really enjoys their non-vegan options as well.
3	My friend and I were looking for a new coffee shop type place to go to and we came across this little joint. It's very hidden, in the ghetto. It's on Maryland and flamingo in the target shopping center. We walk in, there's no where really to sit. It's a very cute shop but really small. Super clean. Everything on the menu sounded sooo good. I literally couldn't decide for like 15 minutes lol. The service was great. I got a waffle and coffee, and my total came out to like 14 bucks! I was so confused. I could've gotten Starbucks and a Belgium waffle from Egg Works for less than that. Definitely not worth that much money. I would go there more often if it wasn't so expensive and in the hood of Las Vegas.
