2	If Park Central Mall could speak, it would scream, "Stop looking at me! Stop it! I know, I know. I've let myself go. How can I compete with Kierland or Biltmore? I'm just ugly. I'm Jan and Kierland is Marcia. It's always Kierland, Kierland, Kierland."Staryucks, (yes, I said Staryucks, catchy, huh?) is the flagship store here. Gag me. Central Ave. deli, a great gift shop and Kobalt (is it still open?), Jamba Juice...yawn yawn yawn...My only hope for this once famous mall, is the light rail. Yes, I'm bankin on the light rail people. And no, Kristin, I haven't been drinking. I have this vision in my head, and the need to open up that space. Throw in the obligatory Banana Republic, Restoration Hardware and Orange Julius. OK, the Orange Julius is for me. Used to love those babies. I just may "borrow" one of these demolition tractors I see all over Central and ram a big hole into it. Then we plant some trees and flowers. Hire whimsical musicians, actors and unicorns for the grand opening. I give a speech in my chains and shackles (for the grand theft and destruction of property) and we all rejoice!Don't hold your breath folks. But at least keep your fingers crossed.
5	Awww, come on people! Does the Gay Egg mean NOTHING to you?!?!?!
3	Ah, no love for Park Central mall on a lot of these reviews?!  The real problem is calling it a "Mall."  It used to be a real mall about 30 years ago!   13 years ago Park Central was virtually empty, almost no restaurants, no flagship stores (all I really remember was a Radio Shack, Green Woodpecker, and Miracle Mile).  It was DYING.  Some developer came along and revamped it.  Now guess what, I have Multiple eating options !  woo!  No, you can't go to the Gap or Macy's or whatever it is that mallrats like, but you can get a jamba juice, some good egg, italian eats at fusillis, or *gulp* a cup of Joe-bucks.
3	where were you all when Park Central was desperate for customers?  They died as a mall in the late 80's early 90's.  The anchor stores were Diamonds/Dillards, Goldwaters/Robinson's and JC Penny's.  In the 70's there was even an El Rancho Market in there.  Great jewelry and book stores, shoe stores, restaurants etc.  But people didn't want to shop there - no - Metro Center was the place to go and now fickle shoppers are killing Metro they way they killed Park Central and Christown (the first air conditioned mall in the country).
4	Usually I find reviews on Yelp to be pretty good, but every once in a while I find some reviews that make me scratch my head.  Why do people rate Park Central as if it is still a mall?  On my recent lunch trip to Park Central I didn't see any signage indicting a mall, in fact the landmark sign on Central from the 1950s has been gone for 15 years. I checked out their website before writing this review, and found no mention of it being a mall there either.  The management company advertises it as a corporate park, and in fact when I was there I actually found it to be filled with many corporate offices. Park Central doesn't appear to be trying to compete with Kierland or the Biltmore as another reviewer put it, in fact they don't even appear to be competing with poor old Christown Mall.  Why? Because Park Central isn't a mall!Writing a review complaining about a lack of stores at Park Central is like writing a bad review about Maryvale mall because it doesn't have any stores and the food tastes like it came from a school cafeteria.  Maryvale Mall is now an elementary / middle school, not a mall, and neither is Park Central.I gave Park Central 4 out of 5 stars because in the 15 years that it has not been a mall, it seems to has done a good at keeping itself filled with corporate tenants who are conveniently surrounded by many restaurants that don't even require you to get into your car to eat at.
4	I love the vibe at this place.I has this busy downtown vibe, but with tons of open parking.Went here for a week long training at Interface, and I was very pleased with all the options for lunch within walking distance.Thai Basil, Fired Pie, The Good Egg, Starbucks, Jamba Juice, a Deli place that I don't remember the name, etc.It was nice to walk around during our breaks.The only thing I absolutely hated is how many people smoke so close to the buildings and in the walkways... : ( not nice.Oh well. I am not in this neighborhood often, but when I am around I will definitely stop here for lunch, as I said, tons of parking.
