4	So this place is pretty new. I'm the first to review! Located on Flamingo and Arville, Einstein Bros Bagels is located next to the Palms and specifically the Palms Place, where I was staying. While I'm bummed that I'm checking this place out on my last day in Las Vegas, I'm glad I came. It was my first time ever to an Einstein Bros and hopefully not my last. The staff is friendly and genuinely greeted everyone who walked in. It's bright and airy in there, perfect way to start your morning, even if you've had a few the night before. I ordered the breakfast thintastic bundle. For $4.99 I got a bacon and egg white panini and a medium coffee.  It was tasty but like your typical fast food marketing tactic, the picture looked way better.  Overall this place did a good job. Check them out!
3	I like this location and the bagels are always fresh. The staff is kinda so-so, on good days I get friendly people, on others, it's like they don't care.. Which is fine, cause my order is always correct. Coffee refill is AWESOME!!! and so is free wifi.
4	Even after all this low carb craze, bagels still taste good and is a good food to eat. Einstein bagels makes some of the freshest bagels, and what it comes down to is the preparation and the water they use. Definitely go for a quick breakfast bite!
5	Always Good, Thania and her staff do a great job!
4	I wish they opened this Einstein years ago.  Very handy as it's on my way to work, and I am not a big breakfast eater.  Bagel & cream cheese is the perfect breakfast!
3	Not really a fan of Einstein Bagels as it is just average food at above average prices. However, I have to give it to them on the Pretzel Bagel as it is delicious and goes perfectly with a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich.Additionally, the staff at this location seems to be different every time I'm here. Not sure if it is high turnover or coincidence. Service has room for improvement. The PB&J bagel is interesting as well.....a bit difficult to eat as a bagel and doesn't really go with anything but is flavorful on it's own. Probably better off just eating PB&J on a regular bagel honestly.
4	We visited this location during a staycation at Palms Place. We knew we were coming here for breakfast when I spotted it from the parking lot- Jason loves the egg white/turkey sausage bagel-wiches at Einsteins. A normal Einsteins would normally get a 3-star rating if their bagels were fresh (which they always are), but this one gets an extra star for the spectacular service. The cashier, who to most people would appear to be a little rough around the edges, was really nice and knowledgable. He was able to recommend a specific item to me while I was deciding on coffee (hazelnut vanilla iced coffee). He was very knowledgable about menu items, and I was really happy with his suggestion. If I'm ever in the area, I'd definitely be back to this location. Jason gets the egg white, turkey sausage and cheese sandwich on the 4 cheese bagel.I get original cream cheese on the asiago cheese bagel.
1	If I could rate the service and cleanliness of this store as a negative rating I would but I give it a 1 just to give it something.  My family and I had visited this location 2 weeks ago on a trip to Vegas, and even though the bathrooms were totally filthy we were at least happy with the food.  This last weekend, we were in Vegas again and I insisted that we eat there. We were there Friday, Saturday and Sunday.  Each day, we had to clean our own table before eating as the eating area wasn't clean. On Sunday, we all sat to eat (6 of us) and when I left, I accidentally left my purse on the chair at the table. I noticed I had left my purse there literally 1 block and 1/2 away from the store, drove back like a crazy person.  When I came back, I ran inside to see if the purse was still at the table and started asking employees if they had seen it.  One employee said that she had not seen anything, that she didn't clean the table that it was another girl who was on break. She suggested I speak with the manager, who said she didn't know anything.  When the girl who was on break came back in the store I asked her if she had seen anything when she clean the table, she said she hadn't clean the table that it was the other girl. I asked the manager if I could see the security tape to see if a customer picked up the purse, etc.  The "manager" said she had to call someone (another manager maybe) to see if we could see the tapes. I waited 45 minutes for the other manager to call back, never did.  During the 45 min that I was there not one of the employees came up to us to see if we were ok, offer any help or even a glass of water.  Only person who came up to us, trying to help was one of the customers, a really nice gentleman who said he had seen us there earlier but did not see if someone took the purse.  I'm glad I didn't wait for the "So called manager" to call back and see if we could see the security tapes... I'd probably still be waiting.On the positive side, my purse did show up, a wonderful, honest, kind, loving lady picked it up for me, called my bank (I had already reported my cards as lost) and the bank got me in touch with her.  Nothing was missing from my purse.  You don't come across honest people like my new friend!
2	UNfriendly service. BUT worse of all,they starting cleaning the grill before closing. They smoked us out of there!
5	I love the fact that they have pumpernickel bagels! Sometimes I have to seek them out as there are no pumpernickel bagels to be found within 50 miles of my home. So I say Thank You to the Brothers for the Pumpernickel! Clean Fast Fresh - YUM
1	This is by far the worst place I have ever eaten at. I wasted room in my stomach for this crappy bagelThis is my very first experience with this place and I will never ever ever ever ever ever come back here.The bagel was soggy as hell, and the eggs were microwaved really really really poorly.
1	Must be the only coffee place that never has coffee3 visits in 2 weeks and never have coffeeUnless u drink decaf or vanilla
1	OK, I am not a fan of fast food anyway, but I do remember eating bagels on occasion from Einstein in the past and enjoying them.  This visit however, had me thinking that the product has been cheapened over the years. Service was quick and friendly but the first bad sign was that they didn't have real butter for my bagel, only a butter substitute, which is just not my thing.  I ordered a cinnamon apple bagel and the way it was put together made it very difficult to eat, because the apple pieces were rather large chunks that kept dropping onto the ground as I bit into the bagel.  Luckily I was eating it outside :)The part of the bagel that had been under the apple was very doughy as though it hadn't baked properly.  On top of that it had perhaps been stored to close to the savory bagels because I would occasionally get a bite that tasted strongly of garlic.  Ick!
5	if you haven't been to Einstein's your missing out me and my gf love it. first off they give you free stuff on a few occasions I've came when they have a free breakfast sandwich (no purchase necessary) or buy one get one free. Make sure to like them on fb to know when they have there giveaways and etc... And they have great discounts they even send you coupons in the mail.  Starbucks what have you done for your customers? your rewards card sux.
1	Avoid this Einstein!! I work near this location and I periodically stop by to grab breakfast before heading into work. I keep on giving this location a chance but decided to only go to the location on Rainbow & Flamingo from now on(AWESOME customer service!!!). I'm always greeted with what seems to be a torturous smile and good morning from their manger (red head woman who always seems to be disheveled). I place my order, pay and wait for my name to be called. Why is it that I need to wait 13 minutes to get a toaster nova lox and bagel sandwich (there was only 4 people in front of me in line)? Why is it that I specifically asked for my bagel to be toasted and its not? Why is it that the people in line after me get their order before me??  Why is it that when I order coffee their creamer is ALWAYS out??Come on?? Get it together!!!I feel the only reason they have business is because of its location. Nothings wrong with taking a little pride in your job?! Just saying!!!
3	Conveniently located near Starbucks, I can do bfast and pick up a dozen bagels pre packaged, pick my cream cheese and be on the road in just a few minutes.The staff is helpful and they have the service down to a science here. I can't say how the bagels are since I didn't indulge this time but I'm sure they were as good &  consistently like their other locations.I'll use this location again for the convienence.
4	I always been a fan of Einstein Bagels and this location is the best, period!! I go to this location 3 to 5 times a week before work and they always know my order.Great breakfast, great friendly staff service. Always a pleasure  to meet locals there!
2	I come here everyday. Besides the fact that einsteins is definetely overpriced. It has slowly gotten worse and worse. From over burnt bad bagels. To this. I got an egg n cheddarThey added bacon and it was probably the sloppiest sandwhich ever madeI cant eat bacon so i gave it back and they remade me this bagel The top bagel was litterally 1cm thick. Maybe they should redo this whole einsteins.
3	Einstein Bros Bagels is a bagel chain from Colorado that has strong presence in Las Vegas.I actually like their specialty "gourmet" items better than bagels, like Apple Cinnamon, Power Protein, etc. with honey almond smear.
