4	This is a great place to just hang out and study.  The "regulars" are nice people.  Unfortunately, you do have to buy something to use the internets.
4	This gets 4 stars for being a great study/chill out environment.1. On warm days, they'll elevate the entire store front window and make it into an open air cafe. Needless to say, tables by the window are taken up quickly.2. They have couches and tables deeper in, and at the very back of the cafe, right by the bathrooms, they have a sound-proof glass enclosed study area which I assume you can book for meetings.3. Shadyside has free wireless.4. I bump into study partners, lab mates, and once my adviser (Hi CG!). And every time I go, I get a ridiculous amount of work done.5. When I don't want to work, I like to eavesdrop. People have some of the best conversations. Perhaps I've said too much already...Here's what I like about the consumables:1. They sell serendipity loose leaf teas and they put out samples that you can smell.2. They sell coffee beans by the pound and half-pound. There's usually at least one knowledgeable staff member around to tell you about what beans they have to offer. You can buy whole bean or pre-ground. They give you free coffee scoops and the bag is pretty enough to make the coffee a good gift.3. I like to get the coffee-of-the day. Ask to see if its chilled or hot. If you drink it in the store, you can get one free refill. 4. The pastries are hit and miss. Also, they are too expensive for my tastes. The croissant I had was stale. The cakes were better, but not worth the price. I would go to Prantl's and get a pastry for your coffee.
5	(Note:  Kit C.'s review should actually be under the Walnut Street location of C.T. Roasters.  This particular location on Forbes Ave is in Squirrel Hill.)And onwards!I worked here in Pittsburgh for a few months and had a blast.  The early morning (i.e., 5:30 AM) wasn't the most desirable, but this place has a really regular crowd with some newbies interspersed here and there.  (It isn't hard to get in with the regulars, either.)  The space at the Squirrel Hill location is a bit limited.  Weather permitting, there are two tables outside, so there's ample opportunity for people watching along this main road in Squirrel Hill--lots of folks stroll by throughout the day.  There are a handful of tables up front and then a handful more back past the coffee bar.  (The store itself is sort of shaped like a long rectangle.)  I was about to give the place four stars when I realized I had no cause to from a customer's perspective, and no cause to from my own, either.  I had a great time working there, but that's not what this review is about.  Let's talk about the place, shall we?  The owners and  manager(s?) LOVE coffee.  They will make (and train their employees to make) fancypants espresso drinks with very high-quality products and have really nice teas on hand, but coffee beans are their strength.  The beans are freshly roasted very frequently, and if you buy whole beans (and choose to have them remain whole or have a staff person grind 'em up), the date of the roasting will be marked on your coffee bag so you know just how fresh it is.  I'd had thousands of cups of coffee before working there and have had hundreds since:  nowhere was it fresher or was the supply better maintained.  The staff is really friendly and tends to remember your order after you've been in just a handful of times.  This notion sometimes frightens me--if the coffee shop boy is remembering my order, does that  mean I need to get a life and/or go to a different joint?  NO, people.  Don't worry about it.  Bask in the pleasure of someone having done this very simple thing for you.  And trust me:  the baristas do NOT find it strange if you come in several times a week.  They don't find it all that weird if you're in several times a day.  I've seen varying comments on the pastries--I think one bakery supplies all the Coffee Tree locations.  I liked the sweets last time I was in town but it's been at least a year for me; perhaps things have changed.  Order your coffee of the day for here and you get it in a porcelain cup, plus you get one free refill!  (A paper cup holds no such joy.)
4	Omigosh!  How could I forget about Squirrel Hill's other great coffee place, Coffee Tree Roasters!   This place is a bit"cozier" than the Shadyside location, but I love that I can walk here and get a really good cup of Joe.  As Janet G says, sitting outside on a nice summer day is a great way to people watch.I also enjoy getting ground coffee to go.  Rick and I don't have a coffee grinder at home--they break too easily--so I have them grind it for me here.  I also like that they have the roasting date stamped on the bag.
4	Found this place last winter and I'm glad of it. Has a fireplace for the winter, a study room, and decent coffee to boot. Small tea pots available and couches if you are with a group though they have often been full when I go.Mostly sweets to eat. Very friendly staff that often makes small talk with me- a nice social addition which really adds to the slow study time I've put in here. A summer plus- large windows in the front open up to make this a great summer, spring, fall hang out spot. Location is close to several places to shop, eat, drink, and if you can get over the totally thick yuppie vibe outside then you have yourself a good coffee shop.Not a ton of wall plugs for computer work, but enough.
4	While visiting Squirrel Hill, I had a serious need for coffee and my friends directed me straight to The Coffee Tree Roasters. I had an iced coffee with caramel and it was amazing - not too sweet, strong enough and they have the front window removed for easy access to the summer breeze and people-watching on Forbes. Very nice.
5	Raspberry Mocha makes me happy. Super rich and delicious.
5	I love CTR and am always pleased with what I get from them, from regular coffee to a Cappuccino to whole beans for home. I wish they had more shops in Pittsburgh.
3	This is a decent place to get coffee in Squirrel Hill. It's quite a bit smaller than the location in Shadyside; limited seating inside and a few tables outside seem to always have someone smoking at them.Large selection of beans for sale, although none of them are certified organic and only one or two are fair trade. WiFi is available, although an annoying login procedure is required and I haven't had luck with it working on my iPhone.
5	With so many coffee shops in Squirrel Hill, it's difficult to choose which one to pick. My boyfriend and I both agree that CTR is our go-to place. We have never had a bad cup of joe, it's always full of flavor but not overpowering.
2	This particular branch of Coffee Tree is dirty, dingy, warm, and small, and it often has sticky surfaces.  The coffee is great, but I'd rather stoop to the level of Starbucks a block away than risk getting some crazy infection from drinking my coffee in a cesspool.
3	Good coffee shop with high ceilings and an open front on to the street.  The Americano I had was very well brewed, though the girl behind the counter appeared to be on autopilot, never making eye contact, and had  the automatic cadence of an autoworker on an assembly line.The art work was well framed and neatly displayed, as was the various mugs, cups, and coffee presses, etc.  The whole place was very clean and open.  The music was the proper volume for background sound without disrupting studying, conversation, or your own thoughts.
5	Great latte had here on thanksgiving day. Staff was friendly and helpful.
4	Mom and I had a girl's day out at the movies yesterday, and despite the 61C and a few other places being closer to the Manor, we decided to come here.  It's always a little dicey trying to get a table here, 'cos the place is a little on the cozy side.  But we did get a table and my Cafe Americano was just perfect and Mom loved her latte.  One small complaint though.  I wish they'd update their website.  It't a single page and just gives you their locations.  It doesn' say anything about their coffees or merchandise.
5	Absolute favorite coffee shop in squirrel hill. Beats the dunkin donuts and Starbucks down the street. Very friendly staff. I have never had a bad experience here.
3	Not a bad place for a cup of coffee, so I come here whenever some of the other coffee joints in Squirrel Hill that I like just a little better are too packed. There is not a whole lot of seating and the atmosphere is a little bland. It just doesn't put out that creative vibe that I like. The prices are reasonable and the staff attentive and friendly. Ok place, just not my first choice.
4	I remember Coffee Tree when they didn't have that cool door. Areefa's as Common Place used to be called had just opened up and coffee tree was feeling it and touched up the store front, added the cool garage door like they had in their Shadyside location. This location is MUCH smaller than the one in Shadyside which is nice. I always come here to meet up with friends and try something new on their menu which is a little bit more extensive than Starbucks. This place definitely has its regulars so if you go here more than once you'll start recognizing people lol! Oh yeah, and the coffee is good!
3	The coffee here is really good and it's in a convenient location, but there isn't much seating and the wireless internet doesn't work very well.  The atmosphere is kind of cold rather than the warm cozy feel I like to have in a coffee place.
1	Make sure you check the price I saw them charging more than the listed price and brought it to there attention to no avail
4	I went here on a date once. Lavender Lemon Chai. Large. It was like heaven in my mouth! I drank the one there and got another one to go. It really is a nice place! A little pricey, but I guess that's just coffee in Pittsburgh :P
5	So great that it's open latttttttte.... Wait! Is that latte or late? lolz, My favorite coffee places are open when you really need that caffeine :D :P
5	This coffee shop gets my endorsement because the cappuccino is perfect. Just like Italy. And the style and atmosphere are close to a European coffee shop too. A great selection of coffee wares- brewing systems etc.
2	Coffee Uhhh. OK.  Location great for people watching. Not helping by limiting internet to 2 hours. Staff in Sq. Hill fair to good. But to serve coffee and greet people. It's not that hard.  They don't clean up much. Until the end of the night. Pastries pretty spendy. Try not to ask too many questions you may be bothering them to talk to a customer.
5	I love this place. Andrew is the best barista! He's super friendly and always makes my decaf extra large horchata frozachino just how I like it!
