2	I cannot believe that they will call at night to schedule next day delivery.....don't know when. One has to wait all day until 9pm to find when your appliance will be delivered next day. This is an inconvenience to a customer that he has to wait(take off from work) all day to find out when the installation will be done. Sales person was very knowledgeable, but this after sales service is lousy, I tried to call the Manager who did not know what was happening either. So disappointed after waiting for a whole week.
1	Pretty disappointed in my experience.  Currently building a house and trying to research and buy appliances. We went to hhgreg and talked to the salesman about buying an out of the box model.  We explained that out house will not be ready for another 2-3 months an was informed that they would be more than happy to store the refrigerator until it was time to deliver.  We left, discussed out options, and returned to purchase.  We were ready to purchase when the store manager informed us that they would not be able to store the appliance as agreed upon an hour ago, but they would hold it and deliver in three weeks.  At this point we got up and left.  Unfortunately for them, when we need to furnish the bonus room, buy a washer and dryer and the 2 televisions we are planning to purchase, the Matthews hhgreg will not be on out shopping list.
1	I bought a Coby television from them on Black Friday last year. It turned out to be Chinese crap that overheated and caused fires. The model was recalled, but the company went out of business. H.H. Gregg made a big p.r. deal about how they were going to stand by their customers and do the right thing by giving them a store credit. After talking to corporate customer service, I drove down from New York to exchange my television for the credit. They told me it was only certain serial numbers and mine was not one of them, even though I was told different and my t.v. repeatedly over heated and stopped working after less than a year. They want the positive p.r. about doing the right thing, but don't actually do it. They sell cheap Chinese crap and don't stand by it, I would not make any major purchases from them, the deals at Walmart and Target are just as good and I have never had a problem returning things there!
4	Repeat customer! I always use Hhgregg for all of my appliance purchases. I have their credit card and they give 5% off and 24 months no interest typically. Staff is always helpful! Always research what your shopping for before buying, kind of a no brainier I'm afraid. People complaining about buying a cheap appliance and it braking, just get what they deserve.
