4	I am so happy that they are open Saturdays. That means I don't have to take time off work to take care of my dental needs.The only downside is that the wait time was long. It took me a little bit over two hours to get in and out, x-rays and cleaning. That's why I'm knocking down a star. On the plus side, they have TV's in each room that you could watch while you wait for the hygienist and doctor to come in, you DO get to choose the channel you'd like to watch.I saw Dr. Roberts and he was really nice. The entire staff was great, made you feel comfortable and they chat with you. Made the whole dental experience not feel hostile. I would definitely recommend them.
2	I love that everyone is so friendly here and that they're open on Saturday's but the wait time is seriously ridiculous! I was scheduled for a filling for 9 a.m. and it's supposed to be a quick procedure. Almost two hours and I'm still not done! There were only two other people when I walked in.I was seated in a room fairly quickly, they numbed me and told me they'd be back in 5-10 minutes, they were not, it was more like 30. They started seeing other patients.Down to the filling, they started working on me then stopped and they did it again! I'm sitting in a chair with something they stuck in my mouth, not being able to swallow an no one in sight. I'm very disappointed. I canceled my next cleaning with them and I will be looking for a new dentist. I think they should finish with the patients they start working on instead of jumping around from patient to patient.
5	Most people buy cars, I buy teeth. Yep. I have more porcelain in my mouth than a Meissen dinner service for 12. So finding a good dentist is of the utmost importance. I have been going to Affordable Dental since 2008. It started out as a free check up type coupon thingy. More important for me would be that they would work with me on payments. I needed quite a bit of work done, mostly replacing crowns that were 20-25 years old. Plus cavities, root canals, and well, you get my drift. $8000 and 3 years later we are in 2011 and insurance is available to me for dental through my employer. Yehoomountaindew! Out of pocket won't be so devastating on the wallet. Love my AFLAC!One of the things I like the most about Affordable is that there is very little turn over of the staff. The same people have been there for years and years. That says a lot about an organization. I am still a patient and I was in fact just there yesterday for my scheduled cleaning and check up. Seeing familiar faces like Dr. Vi, Carly, and Adriana always make my visits feel like I'm seeing good friends. During my check up Dr. Vi found a cavity and she was able to take care of that right away. I would highly recommend Affordable and I have! I receive $25 for every person I refer that has services. It adds up believe me; so far over $400. I hope upper management is aware how successful this location is and how imperative it is to recognize great employees for a job well done.  Recognize and reward. You heard me.....  ; )
4	I went here looking for good quality and good prices, as I have a lot of work needed for my teeth and wife's teeth.   My wife had a cavity taken care of, along with a root canal and crown. They did a good job, and Dr. Vi is very skilled. Staff is friendly, and works with patients well.    Carly seems to be the shot caller when it comes to negotiating any discounts or prices. Yes I do negotiate on prices when I can. I am a cash patient, and pay my bills after work is done. That saves the dentist from hassles with insurance companies and a deadbeat patient that does not want to pay up. They appreciate that and often are willing to negotiate a better price, and or not charge for x-rays and exam.    I also had Dr. Vi do a gold crown for one of my teeth. She was able to save the tooth with a crown and not a root canal also. Dr. Vi is pretty conservative and tries to avoid unessassary  root canals if possible. Another thing I like is that when Dr. Vi is using needle for novacaine, I did not even notice the initial insertion of needle. Very skillful with the needle. Unlike other dentists that have to keep jamming you up with painful needles multiple times.     Over all I would definitely recommend these dental pros to others that are looking for both quality work, and good prices.
