5	My friend told me about this place. So one day I decided to take my dog Blackjack to get a grooming. I dropped him off and they called me 3 hours later. I went to pick him up and he came out so happy and adorable. The staffs did a great job. They even put a cute bandana around his neck. I highly recommend this place.
1	Horrible place. The people are nice, but do not follow directions. I took both my poodles chango and boots.  I specifically said to leave ears and taill like the poodle hair cut.They ended up shaving her completely! she was not maded at all.  They did not even clean their ears or clipped their nails.  If I would have known they were going to just shave her all. I would have done it myself.   Horrible place, do not take your pets. You will pay for nothing becausr they dont even do a complete groom. And they charged me $38 each. Ears were not cleaned and nails were not cut. I realized when I got home that it wasn't done.
5	Very friendly! Did an awesome job on my elderly German shepherds. Will definitely go back to the doggy den!
5	I been goin to this place for over a year now and I thought I should finally get around to writing a review since I love this place. First off its on stewart and lamb not the best of areas but do not let it detour you from trying this place out. I bring my furry little friend in every month and there have been times where I go longer than that and he will be all matted and no they do not shave him down they take their time and fix him right up. They bathe him trim the nails cut his hair and and leave him looking great every time and yes they put a different bandana on him each time. I love it. Teddy has also been groomed by all of the groomers there and they are all equally amazing. The reviewer who said her poodles came out shaved mustve left out an important piece of the story. She mustve not have explained exactly what she wanted and had him matted. They ways ask what I want done and the look I want him to have and exceed my expectations every time. But the most comforting thing about this place is that I know everyone here truly loves dogs. Everytime I bring teddy in hes jumping for joy cant wait to go back with them and kills them with kisses. Makes me feel great knowing that they obviously take such good care of him that hes that excited about getting groomed.  The owner of the place kathy is so sweet and has a few dogs herself. I see her husband with their dogs every morning at the dog park. Seeing the way they treat their dogs like family makes me believe they love what they do and will treat the dogs there like family too! Prices are great too!!!
4	I recently moved to this area of town and was sad at the thought that the closest groomer was Petsmart. They do a well job, but for an expensive price. I'm very satisfied that I found this location. Every time that I call to make an appointment the owner allows me to bring my dog (Bella) that same day! That is awesome because there are days that I don't plan on getting Bella groomed, but they accept her regardless. Ever since my first visit, the owner has been very friendly, not only with myself, but with my baby. (I've been to about 4 other groomers around town and nothing is more unappealing than the person accepting the dogs to be unwelcoming). My dog is my child and I want to trust the person I'm leaving her with, which Doggie Den provides. Their pricing is very reasonable for all they do. Bella is a West Highlander and Poodle mix. She weighs about 15 pounds. The cost to cut her hair, brush her teeth, clean her ears, trim her nails, and bathe her is $38. Very reasonable compared to $70 at Petsmart. They take about 3 hours to provide their service, which is average for most groomers. They do not accept credit/debit cards. Make sure you have your cash ready when you pick up your lovely companion.
5	I love this place. I never have a problem getting my dogs in and they do an excellent job. My dogs are my babies and I totally trust them at Doggie Den.
5	Kathy is great. ..will bring my Chupita back.  Very accommodating. .  I took her back for a touch up and they were able to fit her right in...
