5	I have only come here for the $1 soft serve.  When I can't afford the other summer treats on Forbes, I come here.  The sign screams ONE DOLLAR ICE CREAM CONE.I go in and say "I want ice cream.  Vanilly."  Guy takes my dollar and pumps a cone with vanilla soft serve.  I am happy as I walk out into the bright sunny day.Can't comment on the food since people have always warned me against it.  But one dollar soft serve, can't beat that.Of course, my rating skews the review here.
1	the food is edible, especially when my standards were lower as a college student, but I wouldn't order from there anymore. It's your normal take-out chinese place, so you would think that it could get at least 2 stars. Let's just say they get 2 stars for food, but 0 for cleanliness, so it averages out to a 1 star rating.I actually have an awful story about this place, but it's too disgusting to share publicly. If you want to know, I'd be happy to share privately, but I won't take any responsibility for your upchuck reflexes.
1	Words of my beloved sister's friend:"The service is bad, the store is sketchy, the people are rude, and worst of all they can't even speak chinese!My issue with this 'chinese' restaurant stems from the fact that 'Chow Mein' supposedly means 'rice with tasteless white sauce'! 'Chow Fun' also supposedly means 'skinny, burnt egg noodle'! Correct me if i'm wrong but i'm pretty sure that 'mein' means noodle in chinese!When Ingrid and I ordered food from this restaurant, through the beloved Campusfood.com, our order was intentionally replaced with revolting rice and egg noodles! We were insulted! and hurt! and offended! We were in disbelief when Ingrid called the restaurant to settle the manner, when to our wondering ears did appear, but ignorance and incompetence! The woman argued with her about how WE made a mistake, that 'chow mein' means 'rice and white sauce', which we fervently argued against. We brought forward a witness who spoke fluent cantonese, mandarin, shanghainese, etc.After discussing the issue, and proving that mein actuality MEANS NOODLE, she refused to give us a refund or deliver the correct order.We would like your support in our endeavor in not supporting HOW LEE and their treacherous methods of butchering the chinese cuisine and dialects.We should have known not to open the bag when we met the white delivery man with a chinese accent. SKETCH"
5	4 years of college, Ive always ordered delivery from this place.  The food is average but its served me well... 5 stars for my loyalty.
1	Worst Chinese food ever. I totally got sick after eating their take-out.
1	I used to work at the Starbucks across the street from this place, but after a few bites of a friend's General Tso's chicken and the single greasiest mouthful of egg roll I've ever tasted, I refused to order anything but dumplings from this place.  I've seen them pour the dumplings from a bag straight out of the freezer, so I figured the grimy kitchen couldn't infect them too much.  My fried dumplings usually came charred, but I soaked them in sauce and they got me through a lot of closing shifts at the Bucks.  Still, this is the worst Chinese restaurant I've ever been to.
1	Dirty. Greasy. I got sick. There are so many better options available in Squirrel Hill, so don't even bother going here.
2	By no means am I a picky eater, nor do I expect much from cheap Asian carry  out but this meal was sub par at best. Just a quick break down of what we ordered: I had the Sesame Beef and Shrimp Eggs rolls and my girlfriend had the crab Rangoon and Crispy shrimp with broccoli.    Sesame Beef = really chewy beef with too much thick sauceShrimp Egg Roll = average/what expectedCrab Rangoon = bad/really chewCrispy Shrimp = I got an 'Ok' from the girlDue the amount of different places like this in the area, I would try another and not order from here again. I guess I should have see this coming when I noticed that they also sell lotto tickets in addition to Asian food.
4	Not sure where the negative reviews are coming from... everytime I've been here, I've had great service. I go in the evening, and it's usually the woman waiting on me, and she's polite and helpful if you have any questions.The food is awesome, best kung po chicken for the money in this area. Everything else I've tried has been good also. Ridiculously quick preparation, almost like fast food.
2	Overly greasy Chinese take out. There are much better options in the area so please check those (Rose Tea Cafe, Ka Mei, Zaw's, New Dumpling House, Sun Penang - just to name a few) first.Some co-workers and I ordered from here on Easter, as it was one of the only places open. No one was happy with their order. Comments ranged from "Ehh, I've had better" to "gross". My hot & sour soup was congealed and disgusting.
5	This restaurant has changed management in the past month or so. Went last night and ordered off of the very extensive Szechuan menu on the back page. Wow. Never had such good Chinese food in my life. The pork belly with spicy capsicum was delicious but not too spicy as opposed to the 2-pepper signed chengdu chicken. The total winner was the chongqing dumplings. A little bowl of 7 or so delicate dumplings stuffed with a light pork filling and doused in a kicking chili-garlic sauce. Clearly, I'm not the only one who's become a fan recently because the place was packed on a Monday evening. Heed the pepper warnings. Order from the back page. Become an evangelist.
5	Been craving for good sichuan food in Pittsburgh, and last nite found an awesome one!!As mentioned by Cara J. below, they changed the management, and most likely their chef as well. Go for the spicy food at the back page where all marked in red, and treat yourself to piles of pepper corns and pool chilli.We ordered chongqing hot chicken and fish fillet soup w/ soft tofu, and they are just perfect. We counted the dry chilli they put into the dish and found 50 of them...Looking forward to try other dishes on their menu!
5	My husband and I came across How Lee restaurant by accident and I wasn't sure what to expect of it at first. I am pretty skeptical about any Asian restaurant in Pittsburgh since I haven't found any 'real' ones like those in New York, Boston and Maryland. However, when seeing big bowls with 'nothing' but chilies, we thought, "Hey this must be good!" We got even more excited when we saw the menu--a ton of Sichuan food to choose from. Despite the long wait time, we got our table as soon as patrons left and ordered the Chongqing chicken, which turned out to be very popular, and a slightly milder fish dish. It didn't take too long for the food to come despite the busy time. And the food were delicious! We have been to several Sichuan restaurants, and we have to say that How Lee is one of those that we would go back to again and again. :) So if you're looking for GREAT Chinese food, check out How Lee! My husband and I look forward to trying other stuff on their menu (oh yeah, they also have non-Sichuan food which seem to be the 'non-spicy' ones.)
5	they should update the reviews of this place, because since changing management and rehabbing this place the food and quality is very good.  It was completely crowded, has become very popular at the moment.  The szechuan menu is delishious and ridiculously spicy.  There's also a typical chinese food menu but screw that.I've become a regular at this place, once i went 4 times in one week... shit
4	They need to start a completely fresh Yelp page for How Lee!  I'm not sure if they're under new ownership, or they just finally got their act together, but How Lee is delicious and fresh now!  The inside is completely renovated, and it's always packed.  They have all your usual suspects on the menu, along with a good amount of Schezuan specialties.  The Chendu chicken and double cooked pork  belly are tasty, and the hot & sour soup and spring rolls are good too.
5	We've gotta get that average star rating up....I fashion myself a bit of a Sichuan connoisseur, I've eaten here a few times and can't wait to go back.  Personal favorite is the twice cooked pork with spicy capsaicin.  We also tried the salt and pepper squid which was a bit oily, but they also mixed in Sichuan (numbing) peppercorns which added an unexpected kick to a sometimes boring dish.  Wasn't a huge fan of the Chonqing chicken dumplings appetizer, but the dan dan noodles are a must.   I also appreciated that they didn't automatically dumb-down the Sichuan dishes just because we were white (i.e. not use Sichuan peppercorns).The service was fine, no wait for a table on Sunday night, and the food was great.This is my new go-to Chinese food place in Pittsburgh.  Totally worth the PITA parking situation.If you ate here years ago and it was horrible, please go back and give it a shot.  Order off the Sichuan menu on the back page.  Trust.
5	How Lee is awesome, and a very legit Chinese/Sichuan restaurant (from my whitey perspective). Went out to eat there with two friends on a Saturday night, waited for 15 minutes, and loved being a minority amongst tables of Asians. Servers were nice and quick. Fried scallion pancakes off the American menu were homemade and epic. We had the cucumber salad (don't bother, it was bitter - like when cucumbers have that bitter skin). Beef chow fun was delish, though the beef was unsurprisingly un-beef like (but not gross or gristly). Plenty of tasty egg bits and crunchy onions and other things. On the Sichuan menu, we had the sichuan kung pao chicken with peanuts. It was delish, great sauce. We tripped out on the weird taste in our mouths that made water taste totally bizarre. Then I noticed a clove-sized spice in the sauce, chewed on one and half my mouth did something crazy. We asked our server: "pickled ash, numbs your mouth." Sweeeet! I love encountering new shit at a restaurant. I also noted the brilliance of putting in a numbing agent to counter the red chili spice. In case you're curious, I Wiki'd pickled ash, and it's PRICKLY ASH. Here's the story: "The fruit of several species of Zanthoare used to make the spice Sichuan pepper. They are also used as bonsai trees. Historically, the bark was widely used for toothache, colic, and rheumatism."Dinner for three was $42 including tip. Goddamn that's cheap!Two nights later, even though I'd just bought $60 of organic produce from Whole Foods, I ordered How Lee delivery. Veggie dumplings were delicate and yummy; can't wait to try them in the restaurant. Tea-smoked duck was tasty, smoky, fatty, and worth the try - split it with two others. China Palace can now go straight to hell for their uninteresting, bland and overpriced American Chinese.  Go to How Lee, you will also become addicted.
3	Another week, another Squirrel Hill Chinese restaurant to try.  Seriously, there's practically one for every week of the year.  How Lee was our choice because we had an AllMenus coupon code for $10 off, so that was essentially a free entree.  Sold!  We ordered a scallion pancake, which I haven't had in years and was essentially dreaming about all this time, the Triple  Szechuan Delight (shrimp, beef, vegetables in "brown sauce"), and chicken fried rice because we're cool.When we went to pick it up, the place was PACKED.  Lots of Asian families eating big pots of delicious looking food, and lots of white people standing around waiting for take out.  Sounds like this is one of those places with an American menu, and a Chinese menu.  We are pretty adventurous eaters typically, but since this was our first time at How Lee, we figured we'd start simple.  We waited about 10 more minutes after getting there, and I had to fight through the crowds to get to the front to pick up my food.  So it took about 25 minutes total for the food to be ready - kind of a while, but given the crowd I'm not surprised.We took the food home, and nommed it.  I loved the scallion pancake - they're really simple and I've never had one that was different than any other, but the greasy, crispy consistency keeps me coming back.  Yum!  Fried rice was okay - I've had it better at other places (I think I liked it a lot at Pacific Ring).  My boyfriend really liked the Szechuan dish - it was only a little bit spicy, and the sauce did have the glossy Chinese food consistency, but the taste was pretty good.  Portions were big and lasted us for several meals.Maybe next time we'll try something a little more adventurous, and hopefully be rewarded with deliciousness!
2	I ordered the pepper steak combination platter, which includes fried rice and a spring roll. I also added on an egg roll and a 20 oz Dr Pepper. This was for delivery. What I received was a warm bottle of Coke, somewhat warm meal, and two egg rolls. No soy sauce in the bag, just the duck sauce I had specifically mentioned while ordering. I also didn't get a fork or napkins like most places give with delivery. Ugh this just wasn't a good experience at all!
5	Very very very good place to taste the real Sichuan food just like you are in Chengdu. Forget about the garbage Restaurants which only have American Chinese food. This one all what you need to satisfy ur mouth. The most favorite entree are La zi ji, Mao xue Wang, fei teng yu. Etc.
5	If you want authentic Sichuanese food, come here. This is the best you are going to get outside of China.  Go with the authentic stuff on the back of the menu, that's where the good stuff is at.  Don't order the americanized crap.  This place has reinvented itself like a phoenix rising out of the ashes. The La zi ji (Chongqing Chili Chicken), shui zhu yu pian(Boiled Fish Slices), Hui Guo Rou (twice-cooked porkbelly), Gong bao ji (Kung Pao Chicken), and Fu qi fei pian are all very good.  I would eat here every day if I could.
5	WOOHOOOOAfter a miserable flu week of tasteless food, a friend recommended How Lee, saying that the sichuan food will clear my congestion. As someone that loves any and all spicy foods, I was up for the challenge. As the many of the past reviewers wrote, YOU MUST ORDER FROM THE SICHUAN MENU! You will be greatly rewarded for doing so!The chili pots put me in a flurry and by the end of a meal, clothes were shed and I was left panting...sure enough my congestion was gone. Delicious delicious delicious.p.s. This isn't the How Lee from a few years back. New management really means muuuch much better food!
4	Ethnic food in Pittsburgh is a bit disappointing, but this restaurant is really excellent - provided you choose from the wonderful Szechuan menu and you like spicy food. It's not quite Chinatown in NYC or Anaheim in LA, but it is very good. The hot pots burn (I had the mutton pot last time) and paralyze your tongue as they should and the veggies are very tasty (i had the peppers and the egg plant recently).Update 02/02/2011I ate there twice recently, and overall I am pleased with the quality of the food. The egg plant with a garlic sauce is tasty and not spicy - this will be welcome if some around your table are sensitive to spices. The tongue and tripes with spicy vinaigrette - an appetizer - were better than the first time I took the dish: the sauce was denser and less watery. The hot chili peppers were not as spicy as expected, but they were delicious (I have had them twice already - no disappointment there).
5	Best Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh inner city area. Sometimes, its hard for me to believe that there is even such a restaurant with authentic Chengdu cooking in Pittsburgh. Make sure you order from the Sichuan menu. It is what all the Chinese people go there for.
5	I eat here every chance I get!  If you like spicy asian food, than this is the last restaurant you'll ever need.  I practically drink chiracha sauce, I love all things spicy and How Lee's new chef (imported directly from China's sichuan province) sends out all the spicy dishes with a beautiful sea of flavorful chili peppers.  There are plenty of non-spicy dishes which are good, but not amazing.  But if you like spicy authentic Szechuan cuisine, this is Pittsburgh's finest!
3	I've ordered from them like... 5 times. Almost always it takes about 50 min. I don't have any complain about that since I've heard that this place is quite popular place for eating out. How I rate Chinese restaurant... Believe it or not, I breakout in half an hour after I consume fat/oil, especially saturated ones... And after eating How Lee's breakouts are not as bad as after eating other Chinese...
3	Since my last review, I feel like How Lee has kind of gone downhill.  The dan dan noodles have been overcooked (mushy) the last few times, and I probably won't get them again.  Fool me thrice, shame on me.The twice cooked pork belly with capsaicin is still good, and my favorite dish at the restaurant.  We tried the chongqing chicken, but it was so oily and OVERLY peppery (yes, I know it's Sichuan food but this was over the top) that it was too much.The best thing that How Lee does is the salt and pepper shrimp (sichuan style).  The sichuan peppercorns are ground up and put into the batter and the result is delicious and numbing.I'm still hopeful that How Lee will make a valiant comeback.  It's still 3 stars, but with a bit more attention to detail they could be 4-5.Hopefully with China Star now open (and competing) down the street, we'll all be the winners!
3	How Lee appears to be your mild mannered mom-and-pop restaurant, but underneath this simple veneer lies a very spicy eatery. The service is a little unpolished, and the decor is a bit dated. More important, it's authentic Szechuan food is excellent. The ma po tofo is cooked to perfection. Not for the faint of stomach. Chillies are tossed into most dishes with wild abandon. Lunch is very cheap, even for Pittsburgh. A meal for 4, including an appetizer, costs about $30 with tip.
4	Take everyone's advice and order from the back page of the menu. Tons of great options there and if you are an authentic Chinese food fan you won't be let down. A lot of the items are as good as you can find in a Chinese cuisine hot bed like San Francisco. Order a bunch of items and eat family style! My friend wasn't so daring and tried something from the Americanized menu. It still looked really good though and the portions were huge. Prices are reasonable as most meals are under 10 bucks.
3	Absolutely delicious! We ordered from the back menu like most others suggested and surprise! Don't order the pork eggroll, unless you want overly Americanized, borderline fake eggroll tasted more like a lump of dough deep fried on the outside.Pros: Authentic spicy sichuan cuisine, just how I like it. Quick service, refill waters often. Good menu selection. Chongqing chicken (one of my regulars) is better than China Star, larger portion and tastes better. Clean ladies room.Cons: Servers aren't very pleasant, kinda rude, it's random. Portions are smaller than what I'm used to compared to So Cal & Texas. Tiny seating area, not as comfortable as China Star. Eggroll tasted just like fried dough.I give it 4 stars for the food, but the service brought it down to 3. Next time we'll just order to go.
3	This is my go to place for takeout Chinese. They do Americanized Chinese food quite well, and they're always friendly and quick. I wish I could read their Chinese menu, though. The food that they prepare in restaurant off that menu (not the takeout English one) looks and smells absolutely amazing. If you know how to ask for it, do it!
3	Not a bad option if you're looking for some quick grub in the Squirrel Hill area. Their lunch specials are decent; I usually get the Chicken w/ Brocolli and it hits the MSG spot. (Ha.)Stay away from their Lo Mein though... meh.
3	So far I've only had take-out and my experience had its ups and downs.  On the positive side, they serve one of the best General Tso's Chickens I've ever tasted.  The sauce is perfect and thankfully lacks the strange gelatin quality of too many other places.  The chunks of dark meat chicken were huge (almost too big for my mouth) and the heat level was perfect for my liking.  The portion was large and allowed for some great late night munching.  However, on the negative side, my girlfriend found her tofu dish almost inedible and remarked that the tofu was cooked to a very unpleasant consistency.  Also, the spring rolls were mushy and below average.  In the future, I'd like to try the Szechuan menu although it would be difficult to persuade the lady friend to come here again.  I may have to come alone and eat only the amazing General Tso's.  Seriously, it's epic.  Even my girlfriend who is a vegetarian said that it looked and smelled amazing.  If the other dishes would have been on par, this would be a regular spot but unfortunately, they were not.  So for now, How Lee remains an average Chinese option with an above average location (Shady and Forbes in Squirell Hill) that just so happens to make an amazing General Tso's.
5	Yes, it's a little expensive, but I still really love it.I have left Pittsburgh for over half a year but I still miss it. I even asked my GF who is still there in college to bring some food from How Lee on flight.I would recommand the Sichuan Style Chicken(name may not be inaccurate....but you got the idea:P), and BTW, the hot and sour soup here is the best I have ever had, give it a try:)
4	Good. Spicy food.
5	This is a great Chinese restaurant, and not only in contrast to the previous establishment (of the same name).How Lee has both a standard American-Chinese menu and a Schezuan menu. The American menu is great; the dishes are well made, with good ingredients and of nice portion size. I should say that I did find their hot'n sour not as good as Zaw's (bear in mind though that this should be a leftovers soup with maybe interesting flavors over time; How Lee seems to make it from scratch).The Schezuan menu is fabulous; I'm still working my way through it. My only comment is that these dishes can be very hot, so know what you're getting yourself into as you order.I've never had any unpleasant interactions with the staff. As in all such things: treat them nice and they will treat you nice.One warning: If you order delivery the restaurant adds a steep surcharge (not noted on the flyers). So, eat out or do pick-up.
4	Never had a bad meal here, we've gone many times.  Ordered this last time from the authentic Sizchuan menu, unbelievably hot and spicy--and I love spicy!  Almost couldn't eat it, but I love that!  (great left overs)
2	I ordered food from How Lee because my fav chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh changed owners and is no longer up to par. I ordered around 4:30pm on a Tuesday. Estimated delivery time was 45 minutes, which is average for most places. It had snowed a little and the roads were salted, but I can see taking a little caution, so we gave them an hour and 15 min before we called. I live in Oakland, so we're abt 2 miles away. Our food didn't show up until 6:15 and was lukewarm at best upon arrival. We also found the flavoring to be mediocre compared to others we've tried. We will not be ordering from them again.
4	Really satisfied my craving for authentic Sichuan food. Never knew I would find it in Pittsburgh. The dan dan noodles were amazing as was the fish in chili oil and pork with bamboo shoots. Will be back to try more!
5	I've been coming here more and more often.  Mostly I order take-out or delivery.  I've really changed my attitude towards this place.  I had a not so great service 1 other time, but since then whenever I'm here everyone else has been nothing but nice.  The food here is delicious and the portions are fair, prices are bit on the high side especially since they increased their prices on most dishes by $1, but they are far one of the best and most authentic spicy Sichuan restaurants in Pitt.  Again, I cannot stress how much yummier entrees on the 'Authentic' menu is.  Happy eating!!!
5	This is the best Chinese restaurant I've been to in Pittsburgh. Literally, Taiwanese Cafe, Rose Tea Cafe, OE, Lulu's, Little Asia's--none of those can even compare!Everything is SUPER authentic. It's all fresh, delicious and just amazing. I came with a group of friends who literally loved every dish we had, and ever since I've been going by myself when I need a break from CMU's crappy campus food. I really recommend the honey walnut shrimp and if you can handle spicy food, the Schezuan menu on the back. NOMNOM
5	One of these days, I'll actually walk into How Lee and have dinner at a table.  Until then, my monthly (or semi-monthly, sometimes) Americanized Chinese food fix will arrive, promptly and courteously, at my front door, care of one of How Lee's friendly delivery drivers.My usual order is orange chicken (white meat only), pork fried rice, and a handful of egg rolls, which is enough food to last through at least a few delicious meals.  I've ordered maybe a dozen other dishes from How Lee over the past few years, and they've always been excellent, too.  The veggies are consistently fresh, and the meat is never too fatty.  The egg rolls are in a league of their own.The prices are totally reasonable for the quantity and quality of the food, and the delivery range is enormous.  If you live in Pittsburgh and haven't tried How Lee, you're doing yourself a grave injustice.
2	Went there for the schezuan. The food was way too salty. The spice was ok , i didn't think it was flavorful.
4	One of my favorite spots for lunch. Nice big portions and reasonable prices. The food is always hot and tasty just like I like it.  The waiters and waitresses are really friendly as well as the owners. I always enjoy going there.
4	The hubster and I finally made it in here to make a comparison between China Star and How Lee. The service here is incredibly friendly and accommodating, and they clearly are used to dealing with English speaking clientele.Surprisingly, the servers were Cantonese. I liked this because I could speak with them without much trouble, but this is where I thought the food might have been a bit lacking. We got our usual, which is fish fillets in spicy broth and pea shoots. The pea shoots were a bit on the tough side (might just have been due to what was available) and we were able to get the fish fillets a bit more mild than usual. Maybe getting it mild was where we went wrong - Sad to say, but the fish fillets at China Star are significantly better. Allow me to explain just a bit - the fish fillet dish at How Lee's was a bit ... cantonesed (i.e., they had thickened up the soup base with corn starch, which is a pretty typical cantonese thing to do). Also, the fish fillets were a bit on the doughy side, which I think probably had everything to do with the fish they used. Anyway, this is not a crazy indictment - it was still really good Chinese food, especially by Pittsburgh standards. I especially liked it because I could actually speak with the servers. But if you're looking for really authentic Szechuan food, I'd recommend China Star over this.
5	If you want some AUTHENTIC Chinese food, this is where to get it! How Lee was the epitome of a bland American Chinese food takeout place before they renovated the restaurant. After they renovated their entire place and the menu items, there is the closet place for authentic Chinese food in the Pittsburgh area! Some of my favorites are their spicy fish filet in hot broth and the spicy fried chicken (La Zi Ji). Very popular Sichuan dishes. Their food can be quite spicy, so don't forget to ask for less peppers. Never mind what I say, just look at how there's always a line out around dinner time on weekends! And it's always packed with Chinese people. You know it's legit when the place is packed with a lot of Chinese people :D
5	Turn to the back page of the menu, order from this page only, enjoy authentic Sichuan cuisine.  It's the best Chinese food I've had out outside of China or San Fran.  The dry fried long beans, ma po tofu, twice-cooked pork, and tea smoke duck are all excellent.  Be careful, though, they are not shy with the Sichuan peppercorns.  It's one of the reasons I love it, but it may not be for everyone.  This is not just heat for heat's sake, but very complex layers of flavor and heat.  The tea smoked duck is a great option for those that don't love the fire.  It is nicer inside than it appears from the street and the service is always good.I have never ordered from the rest of the menu and have heard mixed reviews from friends.
4	For take-out they are pretty good and nicely priced.  I've heard nothing but great things about their szechuan, and I agree from what I've tried so far.  We're new to the area, but we've already ordered from them a handful of times.  We've also eaten in, and we've had nothing but great service.
5	Went to How Lee with the whole family for dinner on a visit to Pittsburgh and man, it was so good. Recommended by a friend, this was one of the most authentic Chinese food experiences I've encountered. We ordered strictly off of the Szechuan menu and got things like cucumber with scallion sauce and diced rabbit for starters. For the main courses, we got a little bit of everything, but the stand out was the beef tendon. It was spiced perfectly and wonderfully tender as it was probably cooked all day. This place is not your generic American-Chinese place with congealed sauces and artificially flavored dishes, but a more authentic experience that, for me, has only been paralleled in my hometown of Los Angeles
4	We went for dinner after CMU graduation on the recommendation of a Chinese colleague, and ordered off the back page of the menu - really good food.  Got two appetizers (a rabbit dish and a cucumber dish), and then four entrees (mutton with cumin, tea smoked duck, steamed tendon, and shredded pork) for our party of five - more than enough food, plenty of leftovers.The positive: very authentic, attentive service, appreciation shown that we ordered exclusively from the back page, a variety of really pleasant and different spicings.  Moderate cost for all we got.The negative: a moderately long wait, even with reservations (plenty of other people waiting too).  Slippery floors in the vicinity of the kitchen / bathrooms.  A somewhat awkward restaurant layout.
4	This place was a pleasant surprise.  The hubby and I went there today for lunch.  I'm a vegetarian and ordered from the Sichuan menu.  The food was super fresh and without the thick gelatinous sauce that I detest!  Very tasty.  Two thumbs up.  Will return to try more of the authentic menu!Note that this used to be one of those take-out places with pictures of the menu on the wall.  They completed a major renovation and now have a portion of the menu dedicated to authentic Sichuan food.  The wait staff was super attentive (but not overbearing).  Overall, it was a great first experience.
5	How Lee is delicious... Turn to the back of the menu and order the Sichuan food.  You will not be disappointed.  If you have any questions ask the staff... They are extremely helpful and accomadating.  I love the braised beef with celery, cabbage, and leeks. The fish filet hot pot is amazing.  We have ordered the cucumbers with green onion and oil... Nice and refreshing especially when you order spicy food like we always do.  Definitely authentic and Pittsburgh is lucky we have them!
4	I've known about How Lee for about as long as they've been around, having lived nearly all my life in or near Squirrel Hill. (A little history about the place most people don't know or remember: Back in 1993 someone opened a local Chinese take out chain called, not kidding, Ho Lee Chow. Get it? Holy Cow - Ho Lee Chow? It was greeted with as much enthusiasm as you'd expect from a joke name. While the rest of the chain closed, someone bought the one location in Squirrel Hill, eliminated the word "Chow," but took the "w"  and stuck it at the end of "Ho." That's where their name came from. They've been there ever since.)So tonight was my first experience with them. I contacted them for delivery through Grub Hub (look it up - good service!).The menu itself was a little light on explanation - just names of the dishes with nothing to say what was included in them. But the amount of selections was pretty impressive. Even as a vegetarian, I had a lot to choose from. I decided to go with Tofu Home Style - a tried and true favorite from other places since I wasn't in the mood for experimenting.The service gave an estimated hour for delivery. Less than thirty minutes later, they were ringing my bell! Thumbs up for *super* fast delivery!The temperature of the food was right out of the wok *hot*! I've never had delivery that I had to blow on and wait a few minutes before I could eat it. (It probably helped that I'm only about a mile away, but I give them the points anyway.)The spring rolls were crunchy and delicious - not too greasy and really packed full. Highly recommended!I asked for, and got, some broccoli in the dish - Tofu Home Style almost never comes with it - and they were generous too. The tofu was nice and firm - I know it's not good for me, but I *really* like my tofu deep fried, and it was *very* tasty. The vegetables were all nice and firm, in fact. Nothing soggy or over cooked at all.If I had to make one criticism, it would be the ratio of tofu to vegetables. I like a few more veggies and a little less of the tofu chunks. But for a first order, I was pretty happy.  Next time I'll experiment with an unknown, but for something I like and can be picky about, they did well and now have a new customer.
5	How Lee is the best, most authentic Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh, hands down.  If you want sugary, greasy, heavy American takeout, don't come here.  Order off the Sichuan menu.  The eggplant in garlic sauce in particular is incredible. The service is fast, even when crowded and the prices are fair.
5	After reading numerous positive, almost glowing reviews her on Yelp, I decided to give How Lee a try.  Boy, am I glad I did.  I stopped by on a Friday afternoon (still able to catch the lunch menu which ends at 3).  Boy, this is the Cantonese food for which I have been searching!Authentic, plentiful and tasty!  I chose the Shrimp and Scallops Szechuan Style.  The lunch specials come with your choice of Wonton or Egg Drop or Hot and Sour Soup.  i chose the Hot and Sour Soup which was outstanding, just enough bite at the back of your tongue to remind you why it's called 'hot" and sour.  The lunch portions are quite generous.  I took my order to go and there was enough food for a light dinner the next night.I also chose two traditional eggs rolls.  They weren't bad, just uninteresting.  Perhaps a few water chestnuts or something with crunch would have made them more interesting.All in all, excellent Chinese food and I'm sure I will be back often.
4	How Lee is where the best Chinese food (if you like spicy, oily food) can be found in the city. I come often and consistently order the soft tofu with fish fillets, double cooked pork belly, and dry sauteed green beens dishes. Last night I had the sweet eggplant, which I would describe as a crowd pleaser. Our chicken chili pot was average.The wait staff is attentive and food always comes out quickly.
4	A good friend of my husband's and mine said that this restaurant was the "best Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh," so the three of us decided to give it a try today. From driving by the outside, the restaurant doesn't look like much. The inside was a bit nicer than I had expected, and I was impressed by the service. All of our food came out very quickly, and we received water refill offers at least 5 times.We split a Crab Rangoon appetizer, and it was absolutely delicious. I will definitely be craving those cream cheese filled dumplings some time very soon. For my entree, I ordered the Sweet and Sour Chicken combination platter. It was very tasty and a very good quality. For the food we received - and the Squirrel Hill location - I thought the prices were very reasonable. I hope to return again very soon!
4	stop. collaborate and listen. this place is effing delicious. i wanted to order like ten portions of the eggplant so that i could eat it for the next week. sadly, i was on a work-related road trip so i was unable to make this happen. oh yeah, and it's make-your-nose-run spicy, which i personally LOVE. we also ordered cold noodles (another hit) and some sort of spicy crispy chicken. unfortunately i don't know the chinese name for the dish, so you're on your own with that one. it's a little pricey, but because i am having withdrawls from good, authentic chinese food having just moved from california to ohio - it was worth every penny. plus my friends paid for it so that was kind of a non-issue and made it taste even better!just fyi, though, there is one downside: fiery poops. (you've been warned)
5	I have been there twice, I think they have different chef for dinner and lunch, my dinner experience there was amazing! Authentic Sichuan food!!
5	This place was recommended to me by a Chinese co-worker when I was looking for a good Chinese place for my visiting Chinese in-laws.My review can be summed up using the immortal words of Randy Moss... "straight cash homies." I have officially found my go-to chinese restaurant in The Burgh. We ordered several dishes for all of us to share from both the "American" menu and the "Authentic" menu. Everyone was more than happy with the food.
5	Best Szechuan I've had in Pittsburgh.   Order off of the Szechuan menu, not the regular menu.   The only disappointment was the dumplings, they were obviously made with store bought wonton wrappers, the sauce they came in was great though.   Prices are high but the portions are large, definitely a place that is best to go to with several people so that you can try a little of everything.    We spent $40 for two people and took home nearly as much as we ate.Some earlier reviews say cash only, but they now have a credit card machine.
3	The food was good, but in my opinion a little over priced for lunch on a Saturday.
2	When they first opened, the food was good, but then it went downhill.Their food is not fresh and every dish is socking with bad oil. Not authentic at all since I am from Szechuan, I know how my hometown food taste like. I can cook much better Szechuan dish at home  . Disappointed....
3	Recently went for Chinese New Year with some friends who are in the know about ordering from the "authentic" Szechuan menu. Just a reminder: The "new" How Lee is very different from the greasy takeout establishment many will remember from years past. It's clean and bright inside, and while you can still get staples like beef and broccoli or wonton soup, you should be a bit adventurous and get something from the back of the menu. We had cold beef strips with a wonderful hot, Szechuan pepper sauce (if you haven't had these peppers they provide a numbing/tingling sensation in addition to the tradtional chile heat), cumin beef which was crisp and delicious, and a bunch of other pork/chicken dishes that I am not legit enough to remember. Bottom line, service was fast, attentive, and the food was good and spicy. Recommended for sure. Only complaint to this Westernized stomach was that the chile oil used in many dishes can be a bit heavy after awhile.
5	Lunch special is a great deal. Good food and reasonable price! I am a regular for lunch. They even have Sat lunch special.
4	As suggested, I ordered of the Szechuan menu.  My son, not a real fan of spicy food ordered off the front part of the menu.  My dish (pork with garlic) was quite good - spicy but not burning, very flavorful.  We also had fish soup with pickles which was an accident, but excellent.  My son' chicken and broccoli was ok.  So, the four stars are for the menu on the back.A good destination - though everyday noodles would be my first choice in the neighborhood.
4	We were seated immediately on the late side on a Sunday for dinner though the place was packed and ordered the following, all off the Sichuan menu:dan dan noodlesshredded potatoes and green chili peppers (these look like nothing when they arrive but they taste like salty french fries but w/o the crunch!)shredded pork with garlic sauceGood food/service so no complaints here.Leftovers tasted just as good the next day, and it appeared people like to do take out too.
4	Like it. Every time when I want some spicy Szechuan style food, I go this place. Always order from the Szechuan menu since the food will be totally different from the regular menu. And good and quick service too.
5	The Sichuan menu is excellent with many items one doesn't usually find at a "typical" American Chinese restaurant.  If your spice tolerance is low, beware of the pepper signs, however -- they aren't afraid to use the ma la pepper and its numbing/spicing effects are mighty!  However, the cooling cucumber appetizer is very useful and the many dishes (fish hot pot, fried chicken, stir fried pork, tri pepper chicken) make us happy return customers!  Granted, your plate will likely be a soupy mess of bright orange oil and sizzling peppercorns but you will be happy!
4	One of my suite mates from China said How Lee was his favorite Chinese restaurant in Pittsburgh. Upon his recommendation, we shared a family style dinner which included sweet & sour chicken, general tso's chicken, and two authentic Chinese dishes which were not on the American version of the menu at the time we ordered.All of the entrees were great. My favorite was one of the authentic Chinese dishes which had tilapia served in a thick oil sauce with fresh vegetables and very spicy dried peppers.
5	Food was really good! Tastes a lot like real authentic Sichuan Food. The staff was friendly and food came up quickly.
5	The restaurant just resides along Forbes avenue, very convenient location. This is the best Chinese restaurant around that area. The taste is closer to sichuan Chinese food which is spicy. However, there are quite a lot of different choices. The food taste is 80 to 90% close to real Chinese food in China. Very tasty. The portion is big, not huge, just nice. Lunch set is quite cheap and suitable for people who may just grab something to eat during lunch period. And the place is less busier during lunch too. Normally it is very busy during dinner time.  It is better to dine in with group of people , then you can order different dishes and share. The service is ok. Maybe due to culture difference,you would not expect big Hi and big smile from the waitress like what you have in American restaurant. All food is very good, so far no disappointed dish yet.
3	Hard to find good chinese restaurants but this place is pretty good.  Had the dan dan noodles which were very good.  The Sichuan menu looks very appetizing.  From the "American" menu I had the chicken and broccoli which was also very good.  Will probably order from here again as it is the best chinese I have had in Shadyside/Sq Hill area and I have eaten at about half a dozen of them
4	On Forbes Ave. in Squirrel Hill.  Across the street from the Kosher Dunkin Donuts.  I like the food here.  It has your standard Americanized type fried rice and other Chinese type fare.  And it has the good stuff!Beef tendon, different interior bits of the cow and pig.  All meals I have had have been very good so far.  And nicely priced.  No meals I want to specifically point to as exceptionally good.  All of the food is really really good.  Go to the restaurant, and get anything.  Start with the familiar, and then get adventurous.  The interior is nicely decorated, but it is not a place to take someone to unless you know the other person likes to find authentically prepared Chinese dishes.  Items you do not find on your standard Chinese strip plaza type spot.  I like the place, and having it right in Squirrel Hill, makes it convenient.  I have never had any problem finding parking.  I usually just park on Murray.
4	Try it if u want good Sichuan food. It's above average for food. Four star for the environment. Service is fine.
4	My roommate has been trying to make me go here for the longest time swearing by their food. I don't know what took me so long, but I believe that this is the best Szechuan restaurant in the greater Pittsburgh area. I went with my boyfriend to top off a rather exhausting day. We ordered spicy beef tendon, Chongqing lazi chicken, and spicy eggplant and garlic. I don't even know why we ordered that much food because in all honesty we weren't that hungry. Keeping this in mind, once our food came out we devoured all of it. It did take a few hours but we did it. Perhaps the only thing I would change would be the amount of sauce that covered the eggplants, the eggplants were practically submerged. I usually like my eggplant with a lighter amount of sauce. The place was a bit pricier but the portions made up for it- the chef covered the whole surface of the plate. The service wasn't the greatest, but they were nice enough.
4	One of the places to go for hot, oily, spicy food that makes up Sichuan cuisine. The other place is Sichuan Gourmet. Both are on par with each other.Only get things from the Sichuan menu. The Americanized Chinese takeout is not worth it.Dishes I recommend:Dandan NoodlesFu Qi Fei Pian - Beef, tripe, and tongue in chili oilMao Xue Wang - Pork Blood, tofu, intestines, tripe and all matter of good thingsShui Zhu Yu - Fish cooked in spicy broth (one of the most popular dishes)Chuan Bei Liang Fen - Bean Jelly in Spicy SauceAnything with Pork Belly
3	Spicy
5	Shui Zhu Yu - spicy fish / 5 star dishRest were great too.Come here to get your spice on.
4	This has become one of my favorite dinner spots whenever I visit Pittsburgh with a group of friends. They offer authentic Szechuan food and the prices are pretty reasonable. We came in on a Saturday night and made a reservation ahead of time for 14 people. It took some logistics by the staff to fit together a bunch of tables, but they found a way. There had been a long wait so we actually put in our order ahead of time - 14 dishes. One dish per person sounded reasonable. This included cold/hot appetizers, soup, and entrees. When we were seated, service was prompt and the dishes came out one by one. The food was flavorful and had just the right about of spice if you enjoy Szechuan food. Since we placed the order ahead of time when waiting, it actually only took us an hour to finish our meals. When the bill came, we were offered an opportunity to pay with cash for 10% off our bill. Tremendous. After gratuity and the cash discount, it came to $14 a person. That's $1 per dish, per person. What a deal! We were able to try a wide variety  of dishes which added to the great experience.
5	My boyfriend and I's go-to neighborhood restaurant.I love their Chongqing chicken....fried morsels of chicken w/ fresh garlic, peppercorns and chili peppers. And their beef noodle soup. We usually share dan dan noodles too!
4	Place was crowded with Chinese people when I visited on Saturday nights.   A good indicator of a good Chinese restaurant.  Food (8.5/10) = Dishes I've tried (all from the Sichuan Specialty section of the menu):Appetizer Section:1) Dan Dan Noodles = A dish found on most Sichuan menus.  Classic "street food" fare.  A noodle dish with minced meat, with a spicy sesame paste based sauce, topped with chopped green onions +/- cilantro, and ground Sichuan peppercorns.  This dish is good, but certainly not the best I've had.  2) Fu Qi Fei Pian = the English translation of this dish doesn't sound appetizing.  But it's certainly a Sichuan specialty, and one of the dishes I use to judge a Sichuan restaurant.  The dish is served cold and composed of thin slices of various parts of the cow (beef, tripe, tongue, etc.).  The meat is marinated with a spicy oil based sauce, topped with ground Sichuan peppercorns and chopped cilantro.  A great appetizer to try.  Again, the dish is good, but not the best 'fu qi fei pian' I've had in North America.Vegetable Section:1) Tu Dou Si = Essentially stir-fried julienned potato.  The dish is done well by the How Lee chefs.  Potatoes are cooked, but still slightly crisp and not soggy.2) Yu Xiang Qie Zi = look at the picture I posted.  Look how beautiful the eggplant looks.  The glistening purple skin of this fine vegetable.  The sauce is slightly sweet and slightly spicy.  The eggplant is not overdone to the soggy mush texture that sometimes happens at some Chinese restaurants.3) Kong Xin Cai = Chinese water spinach, or literally 'hollow heart vegetable.'  One of my favorite vegetable dishes to eat.  Lightly stir-fried with green onions and garlic.  Maybe a little ginger?  A clean crisp dish.  It's the vegetable's texture that is unique.  The crunch of biting into a vegetable straw.Seafood Section:1) Shui Zhu Yu Pian = This dish is done very well by the chefs of How Lee.  The fish slices are incredibly tender.  The spicy broth that these fish slices swim in is spicy...the level of spiciness where you start sweating.  The glorious physiologic reaction to Sichuan food, while your tongue is numbed out by the Sichuan peppercorns.  Again, the fish slices are big and impressively tender.  At the bottom of the shallow bowl, sits a bed of Napa cabbage.  Sprigs of cilantro sit on top of the dish.  Warning, don't drink the broth, unless you strangely enjoy extracurricular activities such as dropping fireball bombs into porcelain the next morning.Meat Section:1) ChongQing La Zi Ji = Chongqing style spicy diced chicken.  Little pieces of diced fried chicken.  It's crispy.  Finished in the wok with red chili peppers, garlic, and sesame seeds.  I can't decide if this is my favorite How Lee dish or the Shui Zu Yu Pian.  Despite how approx 35% of the dish is composed of red chili peppers, the spiciness is not overwhelming.  It' just enough to give each morsel of fried chicken a kick of heat.    Ambiance (7.5/10) = Cozy and clean.  Situated at the corner of Shady Ave and Forbes.  The decor is what I expect of most Chinese restaurants.Service (7.5/10) = service is fast.  food comes out fast.  Overall opinion = Haven't decided if this is the best Sichuan restaurant in Pittsburgh.  Their menu includes the typical "American" Chinese food, but the real gem is the Sichuan menu in the back.  While some of the dishes I've tried were not the best in North America, overall the food is very delicious.  As I've mentioned in other reviews of Pittsburgh Asian restaurants, the prices are higher than what you would find in other cities with a Chinatown or a huge Asian population.  If you've never been to How Lee, I highly recommend trying the Chongqing La Zi Ji and Shui Zhu Yu Pian.
3	Does this place deserve 4 Yelp stars? No if you ask me. Granted I'm a native Chinese, addicted to spicy food and hold high standards for Sichuan cuisine, but with my high anticipation after reading all the 4-star reviews, this place was one big letdown.How Lee was my first stop on my visit to Pittsburgh. I ordered the spicy fish fillets (Shui Zhu Yu), an iconic Sichuan dish, and a cucumber salad, a common cold dish hard to mess up. The cucumber salad was the weirdest version I've ever had, the dressing resembled a green paste made of chives(?). The Shui Zhu Yu was not authentic at all. The sauce was so pasty and the fish was covered in peppers - NOT the Sichuan technique of "Shui Zhu". I also think the server did a bad job explaining the dish to me otherwise I'd definitely have ordered something else. It was such a disappointing dining experience, especially compared to my satisfactory dinner at Everyday Noodles.
5	This is my go to Chinese take-out place. I love the beef with broccoli because it is made with real beef, not mystery meat. A friend tells me that this is the best, most authentic Sichuan spot in Pittsburgh. I will have to order something off of the Sichuan menu next time.I know it sounds silly, but the rice is always fluffy, which I love love love. I have ordered the chicken and shrimp with cashews, the kung pao shrimp, the veggie delight, and of course the beef with brocolli. All were fantastic, and I would order all of those options again.I love the vegetable dumplings to start with, as well as the crab Rangoon. They literally melt in your mouth-dangerous to be sure.I have never eaten in the restaurant, but there is plenty of seating in the restaurant, and the takeout service has always been efficent and the staff is always friendly.
3	We went back for a dinner last week and order the most popular dish that Yelper suggested. It is about 18 per dish and just an ok. We perfer another Chinese nearby.
4	"The New" How Lee is a great example of just how much the food scene in Pittsburgh has developed and grown over the past decade. Not so long ago, How Lee's was a down-and-dirty corner joint turning out strictly mediocre Americanized Chinese fare for take-out only. So I was pleasantly surprised to find that it has been transformed into a sit-down restaurant serving exhilaratingly spicy and flavorful Sichuan dishes.With two dining partners, I sampled the dan dan noodles, the garlic eggplant, and the Sichuan prawns. The noodles were pleasantly chewy and luxuriously bathed in the sesame-rich sauce studded with bits of ground pork. The eggplant had a tinge of sweetness nicely countered by the sharp garlic and swirls of chili oil. The prawns were dry-fried with several cups of dried chilis. The fresh sweetness of the shrimp balanced perfectly with the saltiness and spice of its seasonings.The service was friendly and prompt, and our server checked on us several times to make sure we were pleased with our meal and to see if we needed anything further.The New How Lee is a wonderful addition to the Squirrel Hill food scene and I'd be more than happy to dine there again.
5	For people who love spicy food -this may be the best in Pitt!
5	Real authentic Sichuan Cuisine.  The real deal.Off the Sichuan side of the menu:Stir Fried Pork Belly with Leeks... delicious.Chendu fried dry hot chicken... spicy with flavor not just heat.Sauteed Water Spinach...nice green crunchy compliment to the spicy dishes you should be ordering.Off the non Sichuan side of the menu:Tofu home style was a generous amount of lightly fried tofu, broccoli (not chinese broccoli, though) in a flavorful dark bean sauce.This is as good as any Sichuan restaurant I've eaten in where real sichuan food is served in places like  Monterey Park in the San Gabriel Valley of Southern California, the San Francisco Bay Area or New York.
5	I was hungover as hell and there was a blizzard/polar vortex going on and a Saturday night, needless to say I wasn't leaving the couch...  So I decided to order from here for delivery, they explained it would be an hour and I was more than OK with that because it was a Saturday night and a blizzard.The food arrived and was still extremely hot and fresh even though it was 3 degrees outside.  I ordered off the Szechwan menu and everything was banging.  I got an order of spicy dumplings and completely destroyed them and an order of Dan Dan noodles.  The main entree was the qonguin spicy chicken with the peppers or however you spell it.  It was a huge portion and very spicy which was cool because it helped me sweat all that poison out from the night before.  There was a ton leftover for later.Great food and service during a blizzard.
5	Outstanding food and one of the best Chinese restaurants. Reasonable prices and good service, this place is a must try. My wife and I ordered from the Sichuan menu which was recommended in reviews from others.
3	I was bummed out from the very start of this meal.  I went to dine at How Lee's around 12:30pm and to my dismay they were only serving the lunch menu.  I ordered the shrimp and scallops which was served with a soup I choose the wanton soup.  My shrimp and scallops came out a little too fast like no sooner had my choice left my lips did the food arrive at my table.  There were literally only 3 other patrons in the restaurant and I don't know why the chef felt the need to nook my food.  I can get better tasting and more freshly prepared Chinese food from China Taste on East Ohio Street. My star rating can potentially go higher after I have had an opportunity to sample How Lee's dinner menu.
4	Great spicy food. If you like spicy authentic Chinese food this place is as good as those in sf.  Try their Szechwan beef with Mala sauce...if you can take the spice
5	They deliver, what more can you want? They're solid classic Chinese food. I've tried the Tso's, Mongolian beef, beef lo mein, and egg drop soup. All exactly what I expected, exactly what I wanted.Be forewarned I tried a 4/5 pepper spiciness dish from the traditional menu (chengdu I believe). It was 60% hot peppers, 40% chicken, and nothing else. Blew my socks off and I can handle spicy.
2	Meh.  They don't deliver to Swissvale.
4	Out of 5:3.5 - Twice Cooked Pork Belly: soft and flavorful pork slices, though a bit salty and oily.2.0 - Garlic Chicken3.0 - Service: attentive, polite, and fast
5	Amazing!  This place may not look like much but man oh man is the food good!  Make sure to order from the authentic Szechuan menu.  They also have an American Chinese food menu with is the same crap that you get at any other "Chinese restaurant"   The food on the Szechuan menu is really something.  We always go here with a co-worker of mine who live in China and he just orders a bunch of stuff for us and it is always so so good.My favorite by for is the "hot dry chicken" mmmmmmm!!!!
4	Best Chinese delivery I've found in Pittsburgh. Unlike other places - in which the chicken preparations are actually all batter and no respectable pieces of chicken to speak of- the orange chicken, general tsos etc all have very succulent, sizable chicken.  Only complaint is that the general tsos is somewhat lacking in flavor.
3	I am not a huge Chinese food eater.  I never have been, and it takes a lot for me to LOVE Chinese food.  But How Lee is definitely respectable and fine for dinner.The highlight of this place is that they have both an American and an authentic menu.  The Tso's chicken I got was fine.  Nothing special but good.  Everyone at my table was happy with their meal.  The portions were large, and the rice was good.Our servers were very friendly and happy to explain the authentic menu items.  I would like to come back here for lunch, as their specials seem like a good deal.  Otherwise, A-Ok Chinese food in Squirrel Hill.
4	This is from a few months ago but I echo the good reviews. Looked after being seated and realized all the other patrons were hipster-nerdy asian college students. Not kidding. We joked that we must be in the right place. Everyone has already put up enough pictures of the hot dishes--I'll simply agree that it was hot, authentic-tasting, and hits the spot. My contribution will be a note on the Xihu Niu Rou Gen (we were all glad to order that--for those who weren't prepared for how hot the spicy food was--it was a lifesaver for sure), which is a clear and starchy beef soup. Chinese watercress was also great (I was delighted they still had  this in late November, usually it's out of season by late August/September). It tasted very good, but they didn't cut up the stems much.It gets a stamp of approval though, and is a reliable choice for real, spicy Sichuan style food of the "ma la" variety. One thing they could've improved was to refill the water more frequently. I mean, if your food is going to be burning up our mouths...we need some relief! (To be fair, business was great, so I could understand the waitresses were quite busy.)
3	I have only been here twice, and found the sauces used both times were very bland and tasteless. Service was fine, price comparable to similar fast food Chinese places  and the food was fair. As a bonus, they offer brown rice, which was nice.
3	Since I am slowly making my way through all the Squirrel Hill Chinese restaurants, my next stop was How Lee. My first complaint about this restaurant was the way that it was designed. The restaurant itself is surrounded by ground to ceiling glass windows. It doesn't make the dining experience comfortable. Another thing that bothered me was that the waitresses idly stood by the counter and stared at my friends and I the whole time we were there. As my friends and I were deciding what we were getting, three different waitresses went to our table to ask if we were ready to order which didn't make sense since they were standing right in front of us. The menu itself is very well organized and offers authentic Chinese food. Since How Lee specializes Sichuan style food, they had a whole separate section for that. The nice thing about the Sichuan section is that you can tell them your preference for spiciness. Since I have no tolerance, I ordered the pork belly and leeks without any spice. The pork belly was cooked perfectly although I was disappointed that it wasn't actually slices of pork belly but pork with fat running through it. The portions are huge so you definitely get your money's worth. I ended dog bagging leftovers equivalent to another meal. Overall, How Lee serves authentic Chinese food. I might come back to try other dishes but it didn't replace my go-to Chinese places: Rose Tea and Everyday Noodles.
5	Went there very frequently when I was a student, never disappointed! All dishes we ordered are as expected and the service was never bad.
5	The double cooked "pork belly with capsaicin (pepper) spice" is TO DIE FOR. If you like bacon and a little heat, you'll love this. The Sichuan lunch specials--all under $8 served with fried/white/brown rice and choice of soup...Also, the place is clean and its location in Squirrel Hill makes it a destination rather than just some place to grab a bite. Plenty of shops and nice things to see along Murray and Forbes.
4	Me and my two other friends went in for a quick lunch and I was pleasantly surprised by the food there. I am a spicy food fanatic. We ordered pig intestine casserole, stir fried kang choy, and fish with tofu. The pig intestines were covered with dried pepper and chili oil, and it was just the right amount of spicy. Yum... The fish was very tender and tasty. One complaint is that the dishes overall were on the greasy and salty side. Aside from that I'd recommend it to spicy food lovers! We each spent 15 bucks or so for three dishes to share. The service could be faster.
5	The Sichuan menu is amazing!!The spicy fish Jianbei style is so awesome. The serving size was huge with perfect spices. The scallion sauce cucumber appetizer and the fish in spicy broth were great too. The food is a bit on the oily side but this will not deter me from going to this place again.In the evenings the wait time is not too bad and the service is quite efficient. The regular Chinese menu looked alright but one must try their Sichuan food.
4	General Tso's was GREAT!! The crispy spicy chicken (Chongqing Chicken), that looks great in the pictures, was so incredibly HOT & SPICY!! I couldn't even eat more than one piece! If you LOVE spicy foods then that chicken is for you!!
4	Good straightforward Chinese food with some authentic Sichuan dishes. Very good for take out or delivery. Prices are reasonable, food is freshly cooked- much better than you might think from looking at it.
4	Pretty authentic!Very good for spicy food. beef appetizer was good, forgot what else I got
5	Just say YES to Sichuan in Squirrel Hill. I've only been here once, but our experience will bring us back.We had something off the Amero-Chinese menu for 5yo daughter, something w/ shrimp and veggies and a light brown sauce, and she ate it all. Baby corns, yay!Sichuan for my Lovely Date and me. We had the Tea-Smoked Duck and Chendgu Dry Fried Chicken. Latter was a bit spicy for m'Lady, but I avoided the dried, sliced peppers and enjoyed the burn. Duck was a touch crispy, but very tasty.
4	I hear you like Sichuan peppers so we put some sichuan peppers on your sichuan peppers.  For Pittsburgh, this place is top notch for authentic Sichuan food.  This review is only for the Sichuan food- don't bother even ordering non-Sichuan food, it's not worth it.From the pork belly and leeks to the green beans to the hot fried chicken and the cumin beef  to the ma po tofu, the dishes are deliciously smattered with sichuan peppers and oil.  It'll definitely test your spice tolerance.  Your go to for Sichuan cravings in Pittsburgh.
4	Came here one Friday night when the wait for Everyday Noodles was too long. When I walked in, I was immediately greeted by this comforting and familiar smell of a LEGIT Chinese restaurant. I didn't think there would be any in Pittsburgh so this was a nice surprise. I don't usually like Sichuan food but this place was pretty good :) and really go for the authentic stuff. If you are just gonna order the generic stuff why even come here?
3	Food @ How Lee is decent. I ate here for the first time, my husband & I ordered take out. We split the sweet & sour fish fillets & the vegetable hor fun. Both dishes were good but nothing special. And both dishes were a tad bit greasy. I was disappointed that vegetables did not come with the sweet & sour fish. The fish was too expensive for the amount of food you get. The portion sizes are kind of on the smaller side. An upside is the menu is large & there are a lot a choices.
3	Yet another place that I'd not been to even though it's practically around the corner from me.  I'd been working around the house on a Friday morning and I decided to get some take-out for lunch.I ordered the chicken with mixed vegetables and it made for a tasty, satisfying lunch.  The chicken was tender and the vegetables weren't mushy.  My hot and sour soup was so good on an otherwise *icky* day.How Lee is a typical Chinese neighborhood joint with the usual weekday lunch specials (I.E. with choice of rice and soup). I think that if you tick to the basics at a place like this, you can't go wrong.
