4	This particular Walgreens has a great staff.Tanya at the Photo Department is always nice, friendly, and helpful.The Pharmacy staff knows their stuff.  They really take their time out to get to know their regulars.
5	Pharmacy:The pharmacy staff at this particular location is superb.  They are knowledgeable, professional, and a few are even friendly.  I have been a customer of theirs for over 10 years.  The only reason I am no longer a customer at this pharmacy is because Walgreen's and Express-Scripts could not agree to terms, so I had to take my business elsewhere, which ended up being CVS, right across the street.  You know the term "You really don't know what you have until it's gone"?  I experienced that first-hand when I became a CVS pharmacy customer.Oh how I miss the awesome employees at the Walgreen's Pharmacy.  These people are a blessing.   They seem to really care for their customers.  Photo:Tanya and the folks who work at the Photo Department are awesome!All other departments:This Walgreen's is always kept tidy and organized.My kids love rummaging through their sale carts.The cashiers are just so friendly and sincere.  That's hard to come by these days.I hope by next year, Express-Scripts and Walgreen's get a deal worked out, so I can move my prescriptions back to this Walgreen's Pharmacy.
5	I recently moved away from this pharmacy and I am so heartbroken.  I simply love the pharmacy staff.  They call you by first name and are always so helpful and friendly.  The pharmacist always tells me issues concerning a new med and the best way to take it.  They truly make you feel like they care,  I too have regretted going to another pharmacy because they are not so friendly especially CVS.  The cashiers at the front registers are awesome as well.  Keep up the good work.   When you are sick and taking tons of Meds...a smile and a how are you doing from another is nice!  Thanks Walgreens for caring!
4	It's Walgreens.  Generally they are all the same.  However, I will say the pharmacy staff here is very good.  They are helpful, friendly, and seem to be efficient in filling prescriptions.  They also are good answering questions about non-prescription products.There are probably two other Walgreens convenient to either my home or office, and another two or three CVS.  This tends to be my first choice of them all.
2	We went drive through and the cashier was extremely lazy. We asked for a medicine and she said " we sell that upfront "
