1	Sadly disappointed, poor service and a small amount of meat piled in the center I asked for White American I think she put Cheddar on it.   If I would have saw her doing it I would have stopped her to put something else on it instead but she had her back to me.  I know it's fast food but if you have a tip jar out you better expect I expect a better job then just the one you get paid for!  I probably won't come back I think I would rather get in my car and drive a bit for lunch at work.
5	Yes, it's just a Port Of Sub. But, it's a damn good one. Yes, I've been eating sandwiches and loving it. This year has been more about increasing my credit score and Savings account and less about obsessing over carbs. This place is my go to for a quick sammie since it's thirty seconds from home.They always have a guy cleaning.They always wash their hands before they put on gloves to make my sandwich. The meat here just tastes better than that other store that rhymes with Great Lay.The staff is ALWAYS friendly and fast so guess what? I always tip them. I appreciate that shit.I love calling in my order ahead of time so I can keep the car running with my sexy sausage dog in tow and just run in and grab my sandwich. I can do all of this before the commercial break is over. Wait, do people even watch tv like that anymore? Not me.No, they aren't finding a cure for Cancer here, but they give it to me fast, fresh and at a price I can live with. They deserve a shout out for it.
5	Damn good sandwiches. Mayo/mustard mix is the best. Just had their breakfast sandwiches and I was extremely impressed.
5	Living in Las Vegas, we have the best food and the best trained people in the world. This small Port Of Subs is no different!!! I had the pleasure of dealing with Mike the owner of this POS for our company party platter. This guy is Top Notch!, Service and of course great product. He even called the next day to make sure everything was excellent!!! I would recommend using Mike and his team for your company catering needs... I know I will!!!
1	I had a breakfast sandwich there one afternoon and the eggs were chalky. It was the worst fast food breakfast sandwich I've ever had. It was my first visit to Port of Subs & my last.
3	The service was okay, but the quality of the sandwich was really lacking. The only vegetarian option they have is a veggie sandwich with so much cheese on it I thought I might have a heart attack upon consuming it. The avocado spread tasted someone told and the bread was stale and dry. Port of subs used to be my favorite sandwich chain and now I'm not sure if I will continue eating there at all because everyone I've been to over the last few years when I come home to visit, seems to really suck.
5	I absolutely love this Port of Subs!! The food is amazing and always FRESH! I have met and ordered from the owner Michael who is a always very pleasant and cares about his customers. I highly recommend eating here because of the service with a smile and the place is always super clean!! I would give the place 6 stars if I could!
5	Always a pleasure going here. Friendly people. Not the fastest, but always good. This is a great location and ample parking for your sandwich fix!If you have a need for a 12 inch sandwich, check out tide subway!!!!
3	A good sandwich place the meet is very fresh
4	Frequent this location often for lunch.... great friendly staff! Fresh veggies and sandwiches are always made perfect to my order!
1	We went in here today, ordered our sandwiches and when we went to pay. Guess what apparently our card was declined. See I have more than enough money on my card but used cash to make it even. So in front of customers told me my card was declined. I decided to walk over to food for less and get a print out from an ATM. Guess what I walked back and showed her the print out. They did nothing! Horrible customer service. We went to Subway and guess what it worked and when I told them what happened at port of subs they threw in a free sand which. This is what happened the dumb cashier prob entered in it wrong and needs to be retrained. Doesn't need to announce in from of customers that our card was declined. I have never be so humiliated in my life. I will also be contacting corporate.
5	Great Sandwiches, and very clean! They do a great job with catering too! I would definitely reccomend it for your next event. The pricing is good and it definately beats subway. Make a request they generally accommodate when they can. :-)
5	Excellent service! Sandwiches are great every time! They also will grill the wraps for you- which makes them even better. Cookies are a nice treat also. Always soft and fresh. You are always greeted as soon as you walk in the door, and the staff makes sure that they are hustling to get their customers fed as soon as possible. Ingredients are always fresh and ripe. Facility is exceptionally clean and neat. Best Port of Subs in town, hands down!
5	I frequent this particular port of subs regularly, the food is always fresh and excellent, and I think the staff, as well as owner of the business is very nice. Top service, great sandwiches, great choice.
