4	Katie saved the day for me this Sunday. I suffered from a horrible attempt at lightening my hair. Luckily with her expertise, wry sense of humor, and great attitude she saved the day and my hair. I love Aveda products and I felt very pampered by my visit. I will definitely be back. I promise I will have read the book Twilight before my next visit. :) This salon was very cool and I liked it.
1	My father had purchased groupons for my mom and me to use here. When I called them in, it turns out that by select stylists they meant two. Just two. I was hesitate about this one especially since they wanted new clients only. It seemed like a desperate attempt to try to drum up business. Not that all salons on groupons are like that. In DC I've seen some very good salons just trying to attract more clients while catering to their base.The receptionist on the phone was not friendly about it and they refused to be accommodating. The price of color isn't that high but due to their customer service, I wouldn't care if they happened to be the best stylists in the Phoenix area, I still wouldn't go to them. I have an appointment set up with someone who costs more but both she and the salon were friendly and very accommodating. Based on customer service I would not recommend this salon. Two stylists for something that would bring in as many customers such as Groupon is unintelligent as a business move. This obviously leaves disgruntled clients.For anyone else with a groupon,  we were able to get our money back because Groupon agreed that this behavior was wrong.
5	GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!! BEAUTIFUL  CLEAN SALON.  Just moved in from out of town and new to the area. I was looking for an Aveda salon since that is what my old stylist has been using. Not only did my stylist create the look i was going for, but she was friendly and well experienced. Had my nails done as well and my mani and pedi was awesome. Staff was very friendly and made me feel at home. I give this two thumbs up and will def be a new regular!! Thanks Botanicals salon for giving me exactly what I wanted and more!!!
5	I've been coming here for 3 years and I love it!!! Beth is absolutely amazing and no matter what she does I walk out smiling. Katie and Alia are also good. The staff has always been super sweet to me and I've never had any problems. Thanks for everything Beth!!!
5	Tara Colton is an amazing colorist and stylist. I highly recommend Botanicals Salon.
5	I called in for a last minute appointment and the receptionist was very friendly and accommodating.   Kristin did my hair - cut and highlights - and brow wax and she did a great job!  I'm very very happy with all the services.   I thought the price was reasonable and comparable to others in the area (or better).   I would definitely recommend Botanicals to others.
1	Worst Owner/Manager, terrible receptionist.Don't ever buy a gift certificate, difficult to use, improper handling of appointments, rude receptionist and owner.
5	My favorite hair salon!  Tare has taken care of me for years!  She is what makes Botanicals fantastic!
5	I really hate to tell everyone how awesome Tara is at Botanicals. When I first started seeing her, I could get appointments in a day or two. Sometimes even the same day. Now she's become so popular that it takes a week or more to get to see her. Totally worth it.I trust her with my hair. I can tell her my vision and she sees it. I've never gotten a bad cut from her. In fact, now I just tell her to do her thing and she knows what to do.I've started taking my daughter with me as well. It's $15 for a kid's cut and that includes the awesome shampoo/massage with the lavender shampoo. My princess is spoiled. My daughter has an asymmetrical bob with choppy sides. Very fashion forward. Others have totally failed to do it right, but Tara rocks it out every time.I don't know about the other people at Botanicals, but Tara is, hands down, amazing!
1	I bought a Groupon for this place because my regular hairstylist's dad was real sick. I was ten minutes late for my appointment which I called to give them a heads up about. When I got there the receptionist said the stylist had just run to Starbucks. When she walked in, she said, "Is this it?" (Meaning her appointment) and the receptionist said yes. First of all, THIS???  Is this it?  Um, I'm a human being thanks. Then, she never introduced herself, I still don't know her name, and she wasn't very chatty at all like I'm used to hairstylists usually being. She made it sound like my ten minutes was a HUGE inconvenience for her. I finally had to break the ice and start talking to her which she did talk to me, but still didn't really engage. The salon itself is really nice. Their hair washing stations are super comfortable and don't hurt your neck at all. Oh but did I mention she washed my hair with cold water? Brr!!  I won't go back.
2	I bought a groupon online I liked my haircut but the whole experience was just okay. My stylist who never introduced herself to me, she wasn't personal or friendly and said barely 10 words the whole 45 min I was there. I won't be back.
1	I not sure what to say. I should have read the yelp reviews first. So disappointed right now. I've been growing my hair for almost a half a year. I requested someone with experience. The girl said oh this girl has over 12 years exp so today I go to get my hair cut with my daughter and I got the worst hair cut ever. I ask Kristen how old she is. "21" she said. Okay so she has been doing hair since she was what 9? I was so mad I couldn't even say anything. We should have had my 15 yr old cut our hair and saved $80.00. We both felt like we just went to a chop shop. These girls need to learn how to cut hair and how to treat customers.
5	I've known a lot of these girls for years and they are most definitely the most talented hairstylists I have worked with and had my hair done by. Beth is my hairstylist and my sisters and she is amazing. Tara, Alia, Patti, and Shanelle are all great hairstylists and have all at one point done my hair. I did hair for over 10 years and I know what to look for, and I trust all of them. Aveda is gentle, and a great product line.
