5	I recently decided to get back into Yoga. It had been nearly 10 years since I stepped into a Yoga studio! I initially enrolled in the introductory course, and am currently taking the Level 1 courses. My instructor has been Alicia, and she is fantastic! She's extremely patient, and great at explaining everything. If you have never done Yoga before, I'd highly recommend her.
5	I enjoy teaching Nia Technique classes here.  It's a  beautiful and nurturing environment -- many different types of yoga, as well as Nia Technique and Zumba classes, plus special events.Hardwood floors - no mirrors.  Lots of parking.  In the same shopping center as a children's dance studio.  The age range of participants is quite wide.
5	Last Monday, I took my first Nia class.  Stacy taught it.  She began the class by defining Nia and how it came about then asked her regular students to share their initial experiences with Nia.  It was a small intimate class and Stacy guided us through a series of structured creative movement sequences.  In a sense, it combined an aerobic class progression with creative and authentic movement sensibilities.  As a trained modern dancer, I really appreciated this immensely.  I came into class longing to move and I did.  I found the soles of my feet.  But even better was knowing the my peers were doing the same on their own terms.  I do intend on participating in Nia classes when I'm in town.
4	I've lived here for 9 months now from Wisconsin and practiced regularly in  WI as an Iyengar student for 7 years.  It took me months to find Northwest Yoga Studio as my yoga home.   Even though they offer Vinyasa and Anusara, my mind is open to new styles and I can integrate the two together.  It is very homey, grassroots and community oriented.  Love it here!  Malissa, Patrice, Karen and Natasha are my favorite instructors thusfar.
5	I had been hearing about one instructor in particular at Northwest Yoga for quite some time. I was extremely pleased with the Sunday morning class taught by Patrice. Challenging and yet without expectations. As a yoga instructor I was impressed with the way she interspersed the spiritual side of the practice without ostracizing anyone. My yogini friend and I shall be returning and encouraging many of our own students to join us.
5	I am just getting back into yoga after having two children and found a really fabulous class and instructor in Karen's Anusara classes at Northwest. A really great environment, amazing teacher and a community of people who are genuine and kind. I only wish I had found it earlier!
5	Northwest Yoga is the best studio I have been to.  The atmosphere is warm, the energy is sweet and the variety of classes and instructors allow many choices.  The owner has really expanded the studio, the offerings and the schedule, and has set a beautiful tone.  I especially enjoy Karen and Patrice as instructors.  I have learned so much, made many friends and feel better than I have in years.  This studio is my home and where my heart is.
4	3.5 Stars.  Northwest is not for everyone...especially not for advanced students that are looking to be pushed in asana practice.  ...But they are a warm, friendly studio that would be a great place to start or continue with your practice on a less intense basis.  Lots of love and care for people here, resulting in a comfortable, unpretentious, community studio.They offer a variety of classes as well as some great monthly workshops.  First class is $5 and they have reasonable pricing after that.  Don't go out of your way to come here, but check it out if you live or work in the area.
5	If I could assign more stars to this studio I would.  I have been to several studios in Las Vegas and have no plans to go to any other.  The atmosphere here is very community focused and the teachers are excellent.  Karen's Anusara classes are very strong, challenging and fun.  Patrice's classes are also strong - my two favorite instructors here.  Every class fells new and different so for someone like me who goes 5 to 7 times a week I never get bored.  The prices are right too.
5	Fantastic studio with a wide variety of classes and experienced instructors who care about nurturing your practice.  Want to push the boundaries of your practice? There are several classes for that.  But there are also restorative and meditation practices. In the course of a week you can really mix it up & find everything you need.  The best thing about Northwest Yoga though is the community; it is a welcoming, supportive oasis in this neon desert!
5	I have had the honor of being able to practice at Northwest Yoga since 2009.  Warm, friendly environment with superior teachers who have advanced my practice.  Advanced, intermediate, and beginner level classes available.  Try this studio!
5	How extraordinary is Northwest Yoga?Let me put it this way: I live 2,500 miles away in New York and I make special trips to Las Vegas just to practice and teach occasional workshops here. No joke, I've even entertained the idea of moving here just to be closer to this beautiful studio.It's a home. A haven. A family. A safe place where everyone's practice is beautiful and validated, because their stellar instructors understand that yoga is not about perfection, it's preparation for life and all its joys and challenges - and sometimes just showing up on your mat is the greatest victory.But that doesn't mean they won't work you. Push you. Adjust you. Guide and inspire you. These are some of the most skilled yoga instructors I've ever encountered.Thanks to my work as an international fitness master trainer, I've had the privilege to practice with incredible teachers around the world, from NYC to LA, from Prague to Costa Rica, and there is truly no place like this home. I cry every time I leave, and cry every time I return. Karen and Patrice are my personal angels, but I've never taken a less than beautiful class here. And owner Carol is a constant loving presence. The fact the prices are very competitive makes it a no-brainer. Bottom line: check out Northwest Yoga  as soon as you can. Welcome home. xx
5	I have been practicing at Northwest Yoga for just over a year and I absolutely love it!  The environment at the studio is so safe, loving, and welcoming.  The teachers are excellent and give a physical workout as well as a spiritual experience.  Northwest Yoga is a wonderful community that is unpretentious and where you quickly become family.  So glad I found it!
5	I have been practicing yoga for 20 years. My business allows me to travel and visit yoga studios all over the country. I know studios and what they offer. Northwest Studio has become my second home because of the quality of its teachers and the people I practice next to. If yoga is calling to you, this is the studio to join! Welcome!
5	I've been going to Northwest Yoga Studio for 3 years come April.  I feel like the instruction at this studio is too notch.  The two instructors I go to are Karen & Patrice & I LOVE them both.  They both walk you through the poses and use descriptions to help make you understand where your correct placement should be.  They are both very conscientious about proper body placement and technique so people don't hurt themselves.  I always feel challenged in class and walk away feeling like I had a good workout.  The birthday classes once a month are fun & it brings people together to make them feel loved and accepted no matter what age, shape or body type.  The location is also perfect for me in the northwest - very close to freeway exit off Ann Rd!!!!
