5	This is everything that a facial/spa experience SHOULD be.  This is run by one lady, Erinn, who does everything.  She gives thorough, relaxing facials with all organic stuff.  I always fall asleep during these facials because they are so soothing.  and she doesn't try to push her products on you.  Her products are amazing, anyway.  I am addicted to the green tea cleanser especially.  She also carries that perfume line, "I Hate Perfume," which is the only place in PIttsburgh that seems to...special details that make me smile: pitchers of ice water with lemon, books of poetry in the bathroom, cute vintage furniture, loveliness.
5	After moving here from Los Angeles, I needed to find someone to do my eyebrows.  I am verryyy picky when it comes to facials and doing my eyebrows.  I had a great experienced with Erinn at the Bloom Organic Skincare Parlor.
5	I cannot imagine going anywhere else for a facial and brow wax. The owner, Erinn, works some kind of magic on my skin. She's gentle and the massage is absolutely incredible, and she always extracts my pores completely. She sells great organic products and I have never been in a more relaxing, soothing spa setting. It's like a little zen getaway in the heart of Lawrenceville! Seriously...don't even consider another spa. Erinn is by far the best in Pittsburgh, if not the US! Oh another bonus...very reasonable prices for the quality of service! Don't forget to make an appt in advance..she books up fast!
5	I have been going to Bloom for a little over a year and absolutely love the eyebrow shaping that Erinn has done for me! In addition to waxing services, the facials at Bloom are absolutely divine. The environment is so relaxing and enjoyable. Erinn has been great at personalizing my experiences and paying attention to the needs of my skin.
5	I just got home from my bazillionth facial at Bloom. I cannot tell enough people, or say enough great things, about my experience there. I have been seeing Erinn almost weekly, yes weekly, for a little over 4 months now. She has completely turned my skin around. When I first started seeing her I was completely a mess over my uneven, broken out skin. I even cried one of the first few times I was there. Erinn's amazing facials (and her amazing attitude--keeping me positive) was what kept me going back (and will continue to keep me going back).  Not only do her facials feel amazing (I too fall asleep during the facials, like others have mentioned) and the products smell amazing, but you can also purchase products from her to use at home (so you dont derail all the hard work she has put into transforming your skin!). I especially love two serums I got from the Rhonda Allison line:  Hydra Complex and Skin Smoothing, but I've been happy with every single product I have tried from that line. I will never get a facial anywhere else as long as I live in Pittsburgh! Ps. Her brow waxing is great too. I have really sensitve skin and I had no problems getting a wax done there. I would say its because of the quality products she uses, but its also because she is super careful and super gentle. Total perfectionist! ERINN's AWSOME! Go  see her ASAP!  :)
5	Upon arriving at Bloom I was uncertain of what exactly I was getting myself into (it was my first facial).  However, Erinn helped me relax by genuinely chatting with me about anything and everything.  It was a great experience, extremely relaxing, and I would highly recommend her to any of my friends in an instant.  If you're looking for a quality facial in a great environment, then Bloom is the place for you!
5	Excellent service.  Erinn did a great job, she's really nice, and her place is awesome.  I agree with Erica: it's like a little Zen getaway in Lawrenceville - in a meticulously redone 100-year-old house.It's just her doing the skincare, but she's really responsive when you call or e-mail to get an appointment.
5	Erinn is simply amazing at what she does. I make it a point to get one of her facials at least once a year and have never been disappointed. You will leave feeling refreshed and ready to tackle life. Seriously!
5	Erinn is the absolute best!  She's professional, great at her job, sweet, and accommodating - the perfect combination to for the best spa experience.  I've been a client for years and I would never go anywhere else!
5	Wow, I will never be able to have a facial anywhere else ever again.  Erinn is just wonderful.  My only regret is waiting so long to give this place a try.  I live in Lawrenceville and have been driving past Bloom for years and just recently decided to make an appointment for a facial.  Upon entering this beautifully redone antiquated home, you can't help but be charmed by its quaint and tranquil ambiance.  The facial itself was so unlike anything I've ever had done before.  The products she used felt and smelled amazing.  As she massaged my face I nearly fell asleep, it was so relaxing.  I could tell she was a perfectionist when it came to extractions, she didn't miss a thing!  And when it was time to pay I couldn't believe how reasonable her pricing was.  I immediately scheduled my next appointment and will be going to Erinn for monthly facials from now on!
5	I love Bloom Spa.  Erinn gives the best facials and she is super sweet!
5	I love Bloom! From the moment you walk in you know you are in for a special, relaxing, hour long retreat. I adore Keri. She does a fantastical job with facials and is an absolute delight to talk to. The decor is beautiful and really enhances the experience. The prices are fair and this level of quality would easily cost well over $100 for a facial in other cities.  At $80-90 for most facials I can afford to take care of my skin with monthly facials! I love how radiant my skin is becoming thanks to Bloom. If you're looking for a wonderful facial, Bloom is the place to go!
5	I can't say enough about how amazing Bloom is.  It's an all-around relaxing experience.  The decor is adorable and intimate, the products used are wonderful and unique, and the actual facials are the best you could ask for.  Erinn is very professional, talented, and friendly.  She really takes her time with clients to ensure that they have the best experience possible.  Go here!  You will see results and absolutely get your money's worth.
5	I would recommend Bloom to anyone and everyone!! I had my first experience this week and Erinn is truly the best. Her parlor is sweet and comfortable and she really takes the time to give you the best experience possible. Her facial was great and she is an expert with eyebrow waxing. I will return again and again. So happy I found Bloom.
5	Bloom is the best!!!Best prices in Pittsburgh!Most beautiful spa setting!Kerri is the best ever! She really took the time to get to know me and what exactly my skin needs. She's professional and sweet! And the skin services are amazing and relaxing! I feel soooo good after my appointments!!I can't wait for my next appointment!! :-)
5	I've had a hard time finding someone in Pittsburgh who can properly shape eyebrows, but this place is the best!  My first appointment here I had Keri, and she did a great job at understanding the shape I wanted & was very nice.  The second time Erinn shaped them & she spent so much time & care on them!  I have had previous problems with my skin being too sensitive to waxing. It would turn bright red for over a day, I once had a wax where I even bled!  But 10 minutes after Erinn did them you could not even tell I had them done.  Best eyebrow wax I've ever received.
5	My 3 friends and I just went to Bloom for the first time this weekend.  We all got facials and walked away completely relaxed and satisfied.  Both Erinn and Keri were so nice and knowledgeable.  The inside of Bloom is completely beautiful and unique, we were the only clients there, which made the experience really personal and private.  I felt like I was at a super high-end spa, but could actually afford it!  We each got the express facial, which was still an hour long and after talking to my friends, each of ours was a little different to cater to our specific skin's needs.  This was hands down the best facial I've ever received.  I had Keri and thought she did an amazing job.  She chatted with me and made me feel very comfortable, but wasn't TOO chatty, which I appreciated.  I was so relaxed that I think I fell asleep for a little bit!  After she was done, I felt great and my skin was glowing.  My friends and I left talking about when and how soon we can go back!  I would recommend Bloom to anyone who appreciates quality spa services and I can't wait to go back and try other treatments!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place! I'd been reading about Bloom since before I moved to Pittsburgh, (Thank you Yelp!) and always managed to casually slip Bloom gift card on my Christmas/Birthday list. Well my friends treated me to a gift card for my birthday for a massage. Boy was I excited! I emailed Erinn the owner asking if I could use my gift card for a facial instead of a massage. She quickly emailed back that it would be no problem.  It seems that email will be the best way to communicate with her to schedule appointments etc.  I had never had a facial before so to say I was excited was an understatement. The place is beautiful and relaxing. The waiting area has magazine and products most of which I had never seen before. The actual facial was out of this world. All of the products she used on me smelled so amazing. From the pineapple exfoliant to the cherry mask I was in heaven. I'm trying to figure out when I can schedule my next appointment. Although I can't throw $70 around whenever I want, I feel like price was worth it and with a little budgeting I can make an appointment every so often. I can't wait to go back and advise you to check it out!
5	Really enjoyed my massage with Tasi at Bloom. I contacted Tasi through email and she was able to squeeze me into her schedule on quite short notice for an hour long massage.  Upon arriving, I noticed the studio is really well-put together without being cluttered, and it is very quiet and peaceful despite being in a city setting. Occasionally some sound pollution trickled in from the outside, but I was pretty relaxed and it wasn't loud enough to bother me at all.Tasi took some time to get to know me and asked questions about pressure/places to avoid/what I was looking to get out of the massage. She did an excellent job about listening to my requests, and the pressure was just right. The oils/lotion used had a light nice green scent, and I left feeling moisturized but not greasy. Overall an excellent experience, and my one hour felt like much longer (in a good way). I hope to go back again when time/budget allows
5	Erinn does amazing work and I'm so happy I found her.  She's much more pleasant than my last girl at a place downtown, not to mention a little cheaper and does far superior work!  Her place is super relaxing and I even dozed off in the midst of a waxing, which is saying something!  Had a few facials leading up to my wedding and must say that it's hard to live without them now that I know the magic they can work.  She is great at diagnosing and treating your skin's needs, offers high quality products for sale, and ultimately I don't think I'll ever go anywhere else.
5	My fiance recently bought me the facial extraordinaire as a birthday gift and so over the holidays I finally found some time to go and experience Bloom.  I cannot say enough good things about Erinn.  This is not only the best facial I've ever received, it's the best spa experience I've ever had anywhere.  Erin uses the most beautiful smelling, all natural products and she pays such close attention to your skin and personalizes your experience.  If you get a facial here, I'd find it hard to believe you'd choose anywhere else the next time.  The atmosphere is so beautiful and warm -- warm bed, warm light, every detail is so lovely -- and I love that I was the only client in there at the time.  Too many spas these days are overcrowded and provide terrible service -- but getting a facial from Erinn was such a wonderful, relaxing experience. I had planned to wait until June before my wedding for my next facial.  But something tells me I'll be going back long before that.
5	I can not say enough nice things about Erinn at Bloom! She is attentive, sincere, honest, friendly, and the list goes on and on. I went to her desperate for help and she took time to talk to me about my concerns, and came up with a regimen and a schedule to follow to help my skin heal. She is amazing! I hope to be going to Erinn for as long as she is in business! Never will have another person touch my face!
