4	this isn't going to be a very accurate review, you see, because once i drunkenly stepped out into the sun from FOE (see review: fraternal order of eagles) and made our way to meet our LR pub crawl group halfway between stop 27 and 28, we were a liiiittle. wasted. but i'll do my best.i have driven past the giant, yellow, Groggy's sign (complete with drunken frog) on Apache probably a million times, but never once went in. well, we did this time, and the poor bartender held up like a champ, so that's an automatic two stars. i think on a normal day this place sees no more than five customers at a time. and here, about 40 people show up demanding beer! and food! now! we've got a schedule to keep!for a divesque place with no customers, they had a super cute, college-aged, normal looking bartender. another star for you, groggy's!the actual bar area is kind of small, i would call this place more of a pool hall, cause that's what took up most of this cavernous place. mini pitchers, regular pitchers and are those 32 oz. mugs of beer!? well, theres another star for you.heading to the bathroom and there are two toilets in the ladies room ... but only one stall. you heard me. you walk in, and there's a just a toilet hanging out there in the open, next to an actual stall with a door. huh. report from the BF entailed saloon doors for the one men's stall. (you know how short saloon doors are, right? and by nature, they do not lock...) again, huh. but i won't knock a star for either because it's so random it's pretty great.so, on a completely seemingly baseless scale, four stars for groggy's!! wait, did i add that up right?
3	It's fun when your adult daughter invites you to go drinking at one of her regular haunts with her and her friends.  Four of us went here one night while I was visiting in April and had great fun. The barmaid was very nice, though extremely busy, and the draft beer was good.  I just had a couple of beers and we did a lot of talking, nothing exciting.  In fact the most exciting thing happened on the way in when some dude was checking out said daughter's derriere exclaiming loudly on its attractiveness.  I didn't know whether to be flattered for her or irritated.  I teasingly said, "Hey, that's my daughter!"  Fellow didn't have much of a sense of humor and responded, "Who cares?"  Duh, I do.  I was keeping an eye out for him inside but fortunately never saw him.  It's been a long time since I had an altercation in a bar.  Hell, it's been a long time since I was in a bar.
3	Not too shabby. Don't let the exterior fool or scare you for that matter. A couple girlfriends of mine were looking for a divey bar to waste time before heading to our destination- and at first sight I won't lie, I was pretty much in the "you have got to be out of your mind' mode when I saw the place but when we went in the place it was actually pretty cool. Very clean, 6 pool tables, darts, a long bar with plenty of high top tables around as well  with seating and even a claw machine...you know the ones that you get stuffed animals but this one also had 'adult' toys if you will. Quite comical. The barmaid was pretty nice and funny as well and the patrons well they were interesting people to say the least. The have a juke box that has a pretty good selection of music and last but not least CHEAP DRINKS. My whiskey sours were only $3 a piece
4	Good for a good time and a good drunk! Pool tourney is pretty good too!
4	I live near this little establishment and had seen it when heading towards Mesa so when a group of friends and I were talking about trying out a new bar I suggested Groggy's.  I was half-joking, half-serious, but my friend Ben agreed and we headed off.  Needless to say, this has become our favorite go-to bar!  The crowd is interesting and eclectic and great people watching.  It has 6 pool tables which I would say garners 85% of the crowd.  The waitresses are awesome and almost always remember what you're ordering and have a habit of coming around just when you need a new pitcher/drink.  Speaking of, they have pitchers of Bud Light for $6!  No better deal anywhere in Tempe (well, not overrun by undergrads anyway).  My friends and I are all from relatively small towns in the midwest and Groggy's makes us all feel at home.  We try to go to Groggy's at least once a month or so.  Music is via jukebox so as long as someone hasn't played $20 worth of Metallica that makes you want to beat your head against the table you're good.  All in all this is a fun dive bar all you midwesterners yearning for a small town bar will quite enjoy!
2	Each time I pass the inebriated frog sign that welcomes you to Groggy's, I knew I had to try it out. I should say that the rad frog sign out front created higher expectations for me than was ultimately fair for Groggy's. I was expecting something a bit more 'unique' but Groggy's is fundamentally like many beer/pool/wings kind of bars.  Its a pretty big place though with an area outside to eat/smoke... overlooking the ambiance of ghetto apache/main street (Its probably Main St by that point).  They had a really great special on Sundays ($7 for 12 wings and 32oz of beer).  The wings were not particularly great though.... quite soggy (no Groggy rhyme intended).  Although the Groggy logo has a place in my heart, I doubt I'll be frequenting Groggy's.
4	Although I may not look like it at first glance, in my past life, I was a barfly so this place felt like home.  However, if you are a new citizen to the bar atmosphere, this place may just scare the sh*t out of you.  I will totally be back and I thoroughly enjoyed having Amber Bock on tap and the interesting clientele that imbibes there.  The bartenders were nice enough and seemed to be good at holding their own (they were tiny gals).  It was fun and I will go back.
4	Super fun, pool tables, darts, and Golden Tee on a gorgeous TV.Draft beer tastes terrible. Multiple tries, might be bad lines.
4	Groogy's is pretty cool.  I can actually walk there as it's less than a mile from my place.  The beer is priced right.  I had several of those huge "schooner" glasses they have.  I didn't try the food but it seems like your basic dive bar menu with burgers, fries, wings and the like.They have a ton of pool tables, a juke box with some good selections, and friendly bartenders.  The crowd was mixed and people were friendly and wiling to chat.Definitely a cool place to burn off an hour or three and unwind.
4	Good bar.  6 short pool tables.  Bartenders are on point.  Kitchen is pretty good.  Restroom could use some lovin', but high traffic area is to be expected.  Pool games are cheap (0.75) and the regulars are friendly and will offer to play if you want to.Plenty of parking.  They host tournaments and have drink specials.
4	Pool league night on Wednesday.  It had a nice crowd.Mixed drink was strong this time. . .dunno know if it was an extra pour or what.  Younger, trendy crowd.
3	I like Groggys but it seems like its going in a different direction. The tables went up 25 cents, the AC seems to not run as much as it did, the bathroom urinal is always out of order and the floors are sticky.  Finding chalk in the chalk holder is hit or miss. It just seems to be going down hill in a "cheap" way. Its still a great place to shoot pool I just hope it doesn't get any worse. I would love to come back to this review in the future and give Groggys 5 stars but for now 3 will have to do.
5	My go to watering hole. Spent many a nights  here with friends and family shooting pool, darts, and spending too much money on the jukebox. It is a great dive and has all the highlights of one. Dingy bathrooms, drunken regulars hitting on you and your friends, cigarette vending machine and a bartender that'll pour you a mean drink.No frills, no drama, just a good time for a fair price. They have good bar food. Crystal and Marty work Friday and Saturday and I have never found a bartender that can compete with either of them. I go to a lot of bars. This is the BY FAR the best of the lot.
