5	So friendly, they really care about our dogs, and don't oversell us on expensive meds... overall great!
5	Dr. Glenn has now treated our older cat Sammy and our younger cat Sienna.......would highly recommend her to anyone.....and the happy birthday messages sent to our cats are a very nice touch.
5	Lifecare Animal Hospital is the ONLY place I will ever take a pet. They helped me when my cats other vet broke her ear drum, they have always been gentle, kind and caring. You can tell that every person in that office loves animals and loves what they do. They even help to calm down frantic, stressed out "mommys" who have no idea what to do.
5	Got several friend recommendations, & gave them a try. They were so wonderful & caring. I would highly recommend them!
4	Great place to take your cat. Treated me good and the cat as well....it can be a bit pricey but they will diagnose your pet well. Usually open late.
5	It's been a difficult year losing two fur kids. I have to say that both my pets were treated with loving care until the end. The staff gave my husband and I time with both and were treated compassionately. We have always used life care for routine well checks and found Dr. Glenn and Dr. Schmidt to be wonderful. Dori ...you rock!  As you can tell with 4 pets we know the staff well!  Thanks!
5	I took my four legged best friend to Lifecare because her eye looked like it had a film over it.  Not only did Dr. Glenn treat the scary problem, but she also found an extensive gum problem which was corrected.  Thanks to the thorough exam, knowledgable treatment and kind, caring manner, Dr. Glenn and her staff have my vote for the best veterinary hospital in the valley.  Thanks so much!
5	Dr. Glenn has been my Vet for a number of years, bringing several of my cats back from the brink of death. Recently my older girl needed some minor surgery to remove a lump and to get her teeth cleaned. The service at Lifecare Animal Hospital continues to be the best I've seen in the pet industry. Jolie has now had her stitches out and she's running, jumping and playing just like a kitten. Thank you Dr. Glenn for your continued care of my kitties!!! You are the best!
5	Dr. Glen and Dr Schmidt are so wonderful as well as the staff. I have several kitties that go there and get the best care. I love how caring they are. Dr. Glen was so helpful and loving as my kitten was sick and dying. My cats always do well in the office since its a calm environment. I absolutely recommend this office!
4	Just rescued what we believe to be a lab/pit mix. Since his medical history was an unknown, we sought out a local vet who would be able to take care of him and we brought him in for a well visit. It was found that the dog suffered from a parasite and was prescribed meds to help clear the problem. Unfortunately the dog might have had a reaction (unknown) to the meds and started vomiting, of which some got aspirated. This caused us to have to take him to the emergency clinic, but Dr. Jamie Schmidt was able to take care of him the next day. Dr. Schmidt took it upon himself decision wise and financially to get some X-rays done to see what was really going on.  While the condition of the dog is unfortunate, I feel that he couldn't be in better hands! All of the staff at LCAH has been extremely caring, supportive and very approachable during our time of need.
5	Wow and amazing. We took our little Java here for a skin problem. The staff was so nice and professional, and the place was CLEAN and didn't smell weird. The staff was so patient and kind to Java, and explained EVERYTHING which our prior vet never did. The Dr. here talked to us for almost an hour and explained how to manage Java's skin, not just shove pills in him and tell us to check back in a few weeks like the other place did. Now we know how to help Java by changing his food and shampoo too. Prices were the same or cheaper than we were used to. We will not only take Java back, but will take our other dog here when he needs it as well. I would highly recommend LifeCare Animal Hospital.
5	We have been bringing our dogs here for years & have always been happy, but recently we received what I consider to be excellent care and customer service. Our senior dog became ill and even though they had no open appointments they told us on the phone to come in immediately. This was on a Saturday. On Monday they called to check on her and when I said I didn't think she looked that great they said to bring her in- I was not charged for the office visit. The next morning when things took a turn for the worse and we just showed up at the office asking for the dog to be put down, they ushered us right into a room, explained everything, gave us as much time as we wanted, and took care of payment in the exam room so we could just leave straight from there instead of checking out. Dr Schmidt has always been excellent and he is always mindful of cost and doesn't insist on running every test in the book when it's not necessary. I never feel like they are just trying to get money out of us.
5	We love it here! The entire staff (receptionist, vet techs, and veterinarians) are so friendly! They always are playful with our dogs (1 1/2 year old and 6 month old) and go above and beyond to be sweet to them. They have been very personable with us - asking how everything is going with the little one and taking the time to talk and let us know what is going on. They always remember our dogs by their names, and not just because they were told or looked it up in a system - they take time to know their patients. They are priced well and always do what's best for the pet (like spacing out vaccines if need be for little ones). We are going to be coming here for a long time to come, I can tell.
5	I've seen both Dr Glenn and Dr Schmidt, and think that they both provided excellent service. It was obvious to me that they both care for animals. I 1st met them when my senior dog had (basically) been misdiagnosed at another vet. I took her somewhere else for a 2nd opinion, and did a lot of asking for recommendations. This was the only vet clinic that I had several friends recommend. We live in Tempe, but still did the drive to their office. They have impressed me with the level of service and committment to my furry-family on every visit. I would highly recommend them to anyone that is looking for a doctor for their 4-legged family members.  With four senior pets, they have worked us in with short notice.
5	We recently took our two adopted cats to LifeCare Animal Hospital.  We were greeted so pleasantly by the receptionist and that set the tone for the rest of the visit.  The entire staff was wonderful and we felt that they cared for our animals as much as we do.  We even received a follow up phone call the day after to see how the kitties were doing after their shots.  It is a 40 minute trip from our home to come here, but I can't imagine going anywhere else in the future.
5	I recently took 2 of my cats to see Dr. Glenn. I've been there many times before and as usual, the staff was supurb and Dr. Glenn was so kind and caring to my 2 babies. One of my kitties has gone blind, but we also discovered she has high blood pressure. Thanks to Dr. Glenn, that is not under control and her blood pressure is back to normal. The other one has been having what I thought was asthma attacks, but Dr Glenn diagnosed that it was not asthma and put my cat on meds that has just about removed the coughing. Im sure once the round of medicine is complete my cat will be good as new. I'm so grateful to have Dr. Glenn and Lifecare animal hospital to take care of all my cats as they have for years. I wouldn't go any where else.
5	I recently took 2 of my cats to see Dr. Glenn. I've been there many times before and as usual, the staff was supurb and Dr. Glenn was so kind and caring to my 2 babies. One of my kitties has gone blind, but we also discovered she has high blood pressure. Thanks to Dr. Glenn, that is under control and her blood pressure is back to normal. The other one has been having what I thought was asthma attacks, but Dr Glenn diagnosed that it was not asthma and put my cat on meds that has just about removed the coughing. Im sure once the round of medicine is complete my cat will be good as new. I'm so grateful to have Dr. Glenn and Lifecare animal hospital to take care of all my cats as they have for years. I wouldn't go any where else.
5	Best staff and Vet ever. I have great confidence in their advice and their kindness towards our Havanese puppy cannot be matched.
5	The entire staff has been so sweet and caring every time. They make taking your pet to the vet not so bad. They are thorough and I feel confident that my Lilly is receiving the best possible care. We have only had Dr. Glenn so far and she was wonderful. I would happily recommend them to anyone.
5	I have been absolutely spoiled by Dr. Glenn, Dr. Schmidt, and their staff. They provided loving and comprehensive care to my dogs and cats the 7 years I lived in Phoenix. Now that I've moved to Ohio, I cannot find a veterinarian who compares to the Life Care Animal team. When I first moved to Chandler, right across the street, I didn't know a soul. My husband was traveling and I had the emotional burden of lying my sweet cat to rest. The staff provided such touching empathy and kindness I fell in love with them instantly. My dogs were always happy to go to the office as they were treated like royalty! Even after my little Brussels Griffon had to have double knee surgery, she was happy to return. Her surgery was a great success and the follow up physical therapy was so helpful for her recovery. Not only are Dr.  Glenn and Dr. Schmidt wonderful vets, they have great resources. Save your time, look no further for someone to provide excellent care to your four legged children. Tell them Brandy and Itsy sent you!
5	Dr. Glenn and Dr. Schmidt are both wonderful! Incredibly caring and kind. The entire staff is so friendly and helpful. I cant believe I wasted 3 1/2 years at Octotillo animal hosptal (rude staff, rude vet). Any who,  my dog Cody is incredibly scared of the vet to the point of biting.I dont judge the other vets at different locations for muzzling her and actually refusing us service upon her showing teeth, I really do understand. So what a nice surprise to find all of the staff and both vets here to be incredibly patient and understanding. They acknowledged that she isnt mean, just scared and took every measure possible to make her comfortable. They never put a muzzle on her (first time thats happened in almost 4 years) and her behavior is actually improving! Amazing! We will never go anywhere else.
5	I have taken both of my Golden's here for over a year. One we rescued from the pound over Christmas and had a bad case of Valley Fever (like he was have seizers). I have seen both vets here and love them both! They are amazing and sit and take time with you and your fur babies. They willing answer all questions and make sure you have full understands of all information and I've never felt rushed. They have been so helpful with my pups med needs and all the blood work needing done to beat the VF. I am so upset having to leave them seeing we are now moving out state. They even are calling out new vet and providing them with the info out our pups condition seeing it's only local to this region and our vet might not be fully educated on it due to not having treated it. Will miss this office!
5	Very clean throughout! The waiting room is stylish and comfortable, and the staff are warm and interactive. Usually a trip to the vet is quite an event because once inside, my dog becomes very anxious and restless. Here she was more at ease than usual. She sat on a friendly patron's lap during the wait, getting attention and love from the staff too. Dr. Schmidt was patient, and sat on the floor to connect with my dog. The staff had given her a big treat to get her mind off the anxiety, which made the entire visit go more smoothly for me too. The doc was thorough and relatable. I am pleased to find such a great veterinarian office so close to home! The parking is convenient.
