4	Good coffee. Food took a bit, but it was good. The decor of the place is fairly horrible, but the breakfast is good and cheap. Cheap! Good! Coffee!
4	Ah, the Jewel of Henderson.  I was so impressed at how friendly and helpful the staff were the first time I went to Emerald Island that I keep going back.  A friend of mine once told me he hated the place because their slots are "tighter than a 13-year old virgin."  Actually, these days that might not be so tight.  Seriously, I've gone there and won, I"ve gone and lost.  Nobody should really ever expect to win anyway when they gamble.  The one area this establishment shines above the rest is their service.  I've never had to wait for a cocktail and all the girls are very friendly.  I don't know all their names, but Gwen comes to mind.  They have a small restaurant and I've enjoyed all my meals there.  Again, the service in the restaurant has been fastastic.If had had one complaint, it would be that the place is always so darned busy.  My girlfriend and I have gone in there on different nights of the week and just once we'd like to sit at the bar and play - but there are never any open stools.  I guess that's a good thing.  I may not win much at Emerald Island, but as long as the service remains top-notch, I'll keep going back.
5	I moved to downtown Henderson recently and have fallen in love with this place. I like playing the penny slots at the bar and getting Fat Tire on draft. $20 can last for hours and I've often walked away with a $60 win. Service is super friendly and it's not rare to see the owner mingling with the guests, getting to know everyone's name. An added bonus is when they hand out fresh made cookies to the players. It's a great small town casino!
5	Emerald Island Casino is THE place to play in the whole Vegas valley! Every day is promotion day! They always have something going on!!! The machines are ALL pennies! Some are multi denominational so you can play higher if you want! The food is awesome!! The staff are all friendly and courteous from Michael in the cage, bobbi the porter to Tim Brooks the head honcho!!! AND MOST IMPORTANTLY THE MACHINES ACTUALLY PAY OUT unlike other places!!!!!
4	I loved Emerald Island Casino! This was my sure fire bet place. If I knew I wanted to win and leave with more than I walked in with, this is where I went. on days that I went to the strip or Fiesta and didnt do so well but didnt want to end the day on such a negative note, this is where I went to catch bk up. DINER: This place is tiny but not as tiny as it looks from the outside. they have a cafe/diner in the middle of the place that has specials. I only ate there once and orcered a cobb salad. gross. that's why they got one star deducted. It had iceburg lettuce, cheap croutons, just gross. Dont go there. order whats on special, thats probably better tasting. This place has tons of deal and times where they will walk around and give you a piece of cake or shrimp cocktail or random food things. They have a calendar available that shows what they are goign to give out and at what time. I really like this place. If you are in henderson, its definitelky the place to be. i liked it a 1000x better than rainbow or the eldorado. so ck it out!
4	Yep, it's DIVE time! I present my third and final installment of Water Street dives. Much like the Rainbow Club and El Dorado the Emeral Island Casino caters to locals offering great food at an affordable price and an all penny casino, for the budget conscious gambler. Emerald Island creates a much more lively atmosphere that the other two dives mentioned above. They have a very outgoing staff that does a fantastic job of promoting their brand and informing customers of the promotions going on. Their dining area is relatively small, but has a lot of great quality items (Steak & Lobster Fridays are solid for $20, tacos are outstanding, can't go wrong with their burger or any of their subs). They advertise that "everyday is promotion day" at Emerald Island. If you join their players club they sometimes have up to 25x's points. You don't have to be a mathematician to know that adds up very fast. $5 will literally get  you a few bucks off your meal. They also give out free food daily between 6-7pm. Some nights its Baskin Robbins ice cream, other nights it's Tacos, you just never know what delightful little treat they are going to serve up.Of the three Henderson dives the Emerald Island is probably my favorite for a nice little evening of gambling and dinner. All three are within walking distance of one another so check out one or check out all. Much like the other two, be prepared to strip down in the garage when you get home as the smoke-is-a-heavy at Emerald.
3	Nothing special but not too bad.If you want really see old Vegas without going to the ghetto part of Downtown, come here.The smell of smoke still fills this old casino, always scattered with AARP card-holders who are gambling to gain those points, and the size is fairly small. But the restaurant is what I'm reviewing. Nothing special, nothing dreadful. Food is decent but not something you crave. We go there because my cousin has $15/day to spend on food (it's how they get you in to gamble).$15 will buy 2 people breakfast no problem. Service isn't bad. They're helpful and very friendly.Just looking for some basic breakfast but not a fan of Denny's or iHop (which I absolutely hate) then check out this little gem in Old Henderson.Enjoy
3	One of the only casinos I know of that offers free food for holidays! We loved the New Years Eve spread which also included desserts! They also have free food throughout the week and a number of rotating gaming promos. Be warned, this is one of the smokiest casinos I've been in.
4	Not really much to say about this place.  If you're looking for a VERY LOW KEY kind of evening, come here.  Trust me, all you need is $20. I came here one night with a few "high roller" friends who frequent the Emerald Island Casino.  I took out $20, won an extra $40 playing the $0.01 slots, took about 7 jagger shots while gambling and even won a free meal at their cafe.  Talk about a cheap date!The only VERY BIG drawback to this place is the constant fog, aka, the smoke from cigarettes.  I had to drink a lot so I would stop my headache from the smoke.  Other than that, super fun night!
5	I am one of those AARP card holders who frequents Emerald Isle only because: (1) walking distance from my apartment, (2) Monday thru Friday at 6 pm they serve free food and (3) my points equal free meals.  Can't go wrong with steak & lobster on Friday using my points.  If you get a players card, you are sent coupons for a free meal once a week (choice of breakfast or lunch/dinner).  The servers come around often with beverages.  The entire staff is courteous, friendly and helpful.  Yes, it's smokey but what casino isn't.  My absolute favorite place to spend my time and money.  They have recently expanded their menu to offer smoked meats.  They play great music and their drinks are great.  Try their Irish coffee and strawberry margaritas.  Every Thursday is gift giveaway.  I have been there when they have served fresh cookies, warm muffins and ham & cheese subs to all players.  These perks are important to the players and I don't know of any other casino in the local Henderson area that offers these perks.  Give it a try and you won't regret it.
5	Just an update on my favorite local casino. They have now added a smoker out back and they are making the best smoked meats! Tried a smoked brisket sandwich yesterday at their cafe and it was so tender and seasoned perfect. So barbeque lovers be sure to check it out. Prices are good too.
4	JEWEL OF HENDERSONYep, that's what they call themselves.  Complimentary fresh baked cookies, popcorn, and lots of on the hour gaming promotions. Reminds me of the "good old days" when casinos appreciated customer loyalty.  It's Nevada's only all penny casino so they say.This arcade of penny slot machines with no table games has a small cafe for their customers who dare not venture into the heat. It just so happens that this month's coupon specials include sloppy joe & fries, sweet & sour chicken, burger combo,  spaghetti and garlic breadDon't expect to see any evening gowns or tuxedos... it's very very blue collar.
3	I bought the Casino Guide 2013 and they have a BOGO entree at their grille restaurant. We came on a Saturday evening and ordered 1. Chicken fettuccine, 14.992. Chicken Marsala, 14.99for $19.20 - Easy parking. For a Saturday night, they still have plenty of parking around the back of the casino. - Rey was a really nice server. Very happy. - The entree comes with soup or salad. We both chose the soup, which was the all potato with bacon and cheese. Honestly, the bacon made the soup really salty, but it wasn't too bad. It came with a side of saltine chips! Haha. - I enjoyed the Chicken fettuccine. The noodles tasted delicious, but the chicken was a bit tough. They did provide a generous portion. Enough to probably feed 2! - The chicken marsala was also not too tender. The sauce was liquidy, basically drowned the dish. It also needed to be a bit more savory. I did like the sauteed mushrooms. I wouldn't recommend it. - Overall, they give good portions, but without a coupon for dinner, I don't think I'd come back. Casino- So many penny slots! - They had a raffle going this night, and it was a chance to win up to $10k. - They were also giving out free vanilla ice cream over chocolate and whip cream near the rewards desk. Excellent way to finish the course meal. - If you can tolerate the smoke, then you can really make your gambling urge last. - If you're under 30, then you are the outlier.
3	At the entrance to the creatively named Emerald Island Grille, I saw a sign publicizing a breakfast special of 2 eggs, 2 strips of bacon and 2 pancakes for $2.22 which we ordered knowing neither of us would be able to clean our plates.  Considering the locale and clientele, our meals turned out to be better than expected and, at that price, a definite steal, but when I received our check it was priced at $3.99 each. I brought the mistake to the cashier's attention and after much back and forth followed by my re-checking the sign, I realized the name of the special was 2-2-2, not the price.  Oh my, sometimes it ain't easy being a senior.  A rating of 2.5 would be more appropriate.
4	Wow, an above average dinner!  My mom and Aunt love the downtown Henderson casinos so we all went here one night for dinner.  My Aunt and I both started with a cup of cream corn soup, and from the first taste of soup we knew this was going to be an excellent dining experience.  My Aunt got the T-Bone which was very tender and cooked to perfection.  My Mom had the coconut shrimp special that she noted as fresh and light.  I had the Country Fired Steak and French fries.  The French fries were awesome!  Some of the best fries I have ever had.  The service was also top notch.  Constantly refilling drinks and asking if we needed anything.  The price is also very reasonable.  I used to come here for a steak and eggs breakfast when I lived in Henderson and remembered always having a good experience.
5	Great people, great food, a fun place to go and they know you by name.  We spend a lot of time here, feels like Vegas used to be when the casinos went out of their way to make you feel welcome.  This place is recommended highly by both my wife and I.  Shout out to Sharon and Michelle, they both make us want to come back again and again.
3	I love this little place.The staff is very friendly!The food is good too! I had the inexpensive filet and lobster special. Yum!However, I didn't win at all on their machines. :o(
3	$9 baseball cut steak dinner with a nice big craft beer included. Try and eat in the bar if it's karaoke night as there are some regulars that will give you some good entertainment. You might see an Elvis or two if you're lucky. Foods great for the price. Service has been hit or miss the few times I've been there and only 3 Star because one time we went and they were out of steaks.
4	Hidden jewel of Henderson indeed!! A true locals casino. Small but "charming" in its own unique way! Good place to kill time if business ever takes you to the old part of downtown Henderson. Friendly staff ( who remember your name) loose slots and cheap good eats!! The food at the cafe is surprisingly good and satisfying!! Been here twice, and will go back if another errand takes me to that side of town!!! Video poker bar makes good Bloody Marys!!
5	I've stop and eaten here every so often as I'm passing through town for years now. I look forward to eating at the restaurant here. Breakfast is delicious and so are their steaks! Servers are always quick and and friendly and I love their French fries. I'll be back soon!
5	Always tasty with enormous portions. They recently remodeled to accommodate the crowds. They are also open 24/7. Nightly specials have all been good so far, especially bbq night.
5	The restaurant is seriously a hidden GEM. How did I not know about this place?! SOOO good and clean!! I love when places actually CLEAN things! we had the steak and lobster special and holy wow! It came with soup/salad, a potato side, some veggies, the steak and lobster, AAAAND boston cream pie! That is SO much food! And for such a small price! The staff is just freakin PERFECT! Everyone was SO nice and friendly and VERY prompt. They're pretty busy and usually are but there is a darn good reason why!
