5	If you are ever in the Las Vegas area, a great place to leave your best friend is with A DOG'S BEST FRIEND. Betty is a wonderful person and I trust her completely. Her prices are very reasonable. She is very patient! My pekes even learned how to use a doggie door while in here care!
3	Located in a run-down shopping center off Charleston and Arville, I really like the family atmosphere of this place. 3 generations of women come together to coif pooches of all sorts.Unfortunately, I have a Bichon Frise. His name is Jacques, yet as adorable as he is he has the WORST hair of any breed of dog (save a Puli, perhaps). So, when I asked them to groom my unkempt puppy I knew it would take some work. I was quoted a price of $30-$60,and I thought ,"Wow! That's quite a range!"  I was told , "Very few have been charged the highest price", but I guess I was one of the lucky ones: 60 BIG ONES!Halfway through the grooming session I got an angry and frustrated call from Mama groomer Betty saying that Jacques hair was a "horrible matted mess" and she couldn't comb through it. I told her that it was OK to trim it a bit to make it easier to manage.When I picked up my puppy he looked like he was ready for a school photo. They did trim his ears into the Little Dutchboy shape that is so common for Bichon Frises, but i SPECIFICALLY asked them NOT to do that.All in all, I  would try this place again as long as I let them know up front that it's OK to cut my puppy's hair. I know his mane is a mess, but who has time to brush their Bichon 3x daily?! I'm all for giving small businesses a chance, and this is one of those types of family places I just can't help but love. You can tell they're genuine animal lovers and they treat the pets with care.
5	I have been taking my chihuahua here for a few years now, and I hope I never have to take her anywhere else. Don't let the location put you off. The shopping center is a bit run down looking, but the ladies at A Dog's Best Friend are always warm and friendly and treat my dog like they truly love her. They do an excellent job, and my dog is happy and smells great when I pick her up. Oh, and the price is fantastic!
