5	For the Coronado district, Tuck is the most exciting thing we've seen in quite some time to arrive in the neighborhood.  Walking and driving past it, we've been watching the restaurant being built with lots of anticipation and excitement of what was going to arrive.  So I was really excited to walk by this past Thursday to see it open for business.  I went in just to grab a menu, and instead met the bartender and manager, and enjoyed a great Four Peaks Coronado Ale and got to find out what the place is all about.  The decor of the restaurant is beautiful: There is great art work covering the walls from a Tucson artist that is all for sale, and the mismatched chairs with the quaint reading room off to the side, combined with the wood detail throughout the bar was beautiful.  The bathrooms were even amazingly decorated with the greatest sinks!  Anyways, I went back tonight to finally have a full meal to find a completely packed house.  For only being open a week, I couldn't get over the fact that it seemed like everyone from the neighborhood was there and then some, it was so great to see. But, back to the food- I finally got to try my prosciutto and mac and cheese, and it was amazing!  Followed up with a dirty martini, it was definitely a great meal and experience. My only fear is that it is going to turn into a constant happy hour spot for when I walk past it on the way home from work...
5	Check this place out!!
5	Don't go here- it's terrible!!.........OK, in all honesty, I've been putting off writing a review on Tuck Shop because I love it so much and fear that I may never be able to get a table once the word gets out. That said, I have been here 4 times already and it's been outstanding every time. John the manager is awesome, as are all the servers. The place is cozy and inviting- it kind of feels like a swanky ski lodge with mod furniture where all your friends hang out. The menu is split up into starters, small plates and larger entree-sized items which are suitable for sharing, but you certainly don't have to. Some of my favs are the fish and chips, the chorizo stuffed dates, the fried chicken and cheese waffles, and the anchovy-stuffed potatoes. They also sometimes have a Bananas Foster dessert that is to die for. Very unique and fresh menu.For the atmosphere, quality and variety of food, the prices are reasonable, and they have an eclectic and reasonably priced drink menu as well. Combine all this with the fact that I can walk here from my house pretty much ensures a long standing love affair.
5	They make their own tonic.  Let me repeat for emphasis, ---they make their own tonic people!!!!   Neat place, 100% hidden in an old neighborhood. So I've only been here once and only had one drink, but I'm so ready to go back soon.  I'll update my review as soon as I eat some food here, promise.
4	Saw the writeup on this little gem of a restaurant and took my foodie friend to check it out.  Oh so cute inside.... modern 70's style.... great architecture.... love the little living room in the back.We sat at the bar and ordered a glass of wine and the clam cake appetizer.  They were crunchy on the outside and so flavorful on the inside... and great dipping sauces horseradish and red pepper (we mixed them together!)I was pretty hungry so I ordered the citrus-brined fried chicken, white cheddar waffles and braised greens. (see pic)  Oh.... heaven!!! so delicious!  I let my friend have a taste of the waffle perfectly crisp and fluffy on the inside.  The chicken looked a little dark, but it couldn't have been better.  I didn't hesitate to lick my fingers!  The greens were bitter so I would definitely see about a substitution for the veggie next time, but we had an awesome experience.
5	After reading a few reviews I was really tricked into thinking the portions would be minuscule. Like french-modern-cuisine tiny, but luckily I was wrong. I erred on the side of thinking the portions would be small so I ordered us two starters but we could have just done with one. However, they were both drool-worthy. One was the baguette with creamy garlic, it consisted of  6 slices of bread with a whole garlic cooked until it's spreadable covered in olive oil and spices. Basically you scoop a clove out and spread it on the bread. This was good, like drool-on-you-keyboard-good (DOYKG). We also ordered the Nosh plate,a typical melon, meat, cheese and nuts plate. Everything on that was tasty and both would have been great alone, but I'm glad we tried both.For main courses my gf ordered the mac and cheese with prosciutto and breadcrumbs and liked it. I had Vovo's special which is a rotating special. Last night it was the tamale and tortilla soup. We both liked our dishes and were stuffed. I was a little envious after seeing another couple's dish. They ordered the chicken and waffles. It wasn't your typical soul food style but it looked tasty regardless. We both had wine. Gf had the Rose which she thought was a little dry and I wasn't too fond of either. I had the Tempranillo which I liked but wasn't amazing. That's probably the only gripe, I wish their wine list was deeper.All in all the place was awesome and a great date destination. Romantic lighting and original decor and architecture, good for conversation starters.The crowd was older that I expected, not a negative just an observation, although it was a Thursday and that might change on weekends. The service was nice and the free after dinner snack. Chocolate covered cookie dough was like pastry crack and also (DOYKG).Side note: The prices aren't cheap but they won't break you. Especially if you go to other establishments in the same area. My tab for this meal was $60 which is good I think. Two sides, two glasses of wine, one main course and one small course. Not bad as far as I'm concerned.
5	Reference Robert R.'s review for my full evening at Tuck Shop.However, I just wanted to add antoher 5 star review under their belt as I, too, was detered by the unfavorable review left here and thought it was unfair.If you're not filled up by the mac & cheese and a starter, you may have several stomachs you don't know about. I left STUFFED.
5	I really enjoy this place. It's beautifully designed. It's hidden in a historic neighborhood, (zoning issues so no patio), and they make they own tonic! ---What else does one need? But now the food. Rich, full flavored, comfort food. I don't think there is a cuisine style here as far as I could tell, just some of the best food around. Had the fontina crusted with pinko and walnuts, awesome. A potato side dish, damn good I tell you. For the main course the skirt steak, which was some of the best red meat I'm had in a very, very long time. This is my vote for best new restaurant in Phoenix. Seriously.
5	A late night cocktail was the occasion for my first visit to Tuck Shop, where I sat on a couch with friends, surrounded by water games popular in the late '70s early '80s (and other novelties) and enjoyed a Pimm's and housemade ginger ale. It was a classic, comfortable environment and I couldn't wait to come back! In spite of our group's VERY late arrival, the staff was so gracious and accommodating. (Plus, I loved, loved, loved my drink!!) When I returned for dinner, I was not disappointed! We started with panko walnut-crusted fontina which was offered with two dipping options: a roasted red pepper one,  which I expected to prefer, and pear and onion, which, surprised me and made the best partner! A lovely upscale twist on the traditional "fried cheese" appetizer.That's how this whole place is, though. It takes something you're used to and kicks it up a few! Take for example the yukon jacket potatoes - not your typical roasted potatoes; these are cored and threaded with bacon, anchovy and sage. The presentation was very cool. And, the cores that also appear on the plate are delicious topped with lemon zest and olive oil! Sticking with a "meat and potatoes" theme, we had the spiced skirt steak which was tender and well seasoned -- served on the rare side. It filled a large plate and resulted in left overs even though two of us were sharing! The mushrooms were so good, I would order them as a side on another visit if that were an option!! For me, the most overwhelming flavor in the parmesan lentil mashed potatoes was BUTTER! But, when it comes to mashed potatoes that is NOTHING to complain about: It was creamy heaven!  I couldn't possibly find anything to complain about with Tuck Shop. Generally, I despise sitting at community tables but we didn't think quickly enough to decline (although, we were asked if it was OK) when getting seated. Although, in the future I would prefer my own table, the people we were seated with were so nice and friendly. We wound up sharing our food!Finally, in case you missed it in the other reviews: Move over Andes! There's a a ball of raw cookie dough - that's right. You heard me: cookie dough! Rolled in chocolate that comes with your bill. I whole heartedly recommend checking this place out for a nice classy, cozy meal!
4	Everything was fantastic for my birthday dinner at the Tuck Shop.  Friendly staff, drinks mixed with care and great wines, lovely, calming atmosphere, and great food.  I got the skirt steak, which was as tender and tasty as I've had.  Our party of four tried three appetizers and three entrees, and they were all creative and delicious.  Nothing boring about this place.And I didn't feel too guilty about being treated to dinner out--it wasn't terribly expensive.  Prices seemed appropriate.  The small bar looked like it would be fun to chill out at, so I might try dinner at the bar next time if they allow it.
5	I had been wanting to go to the Tuck Shop since they opened, but kept putting it off. We went with a group of six and started off with a few appetizers, The Chorizo stuffed dates were awesome as well as the Cheese Sticks. The Mac and Cheese was to die for. We had the Skirt Steak, Fried Chicken with Waffles as well as a special Pasta dish. We also had a couple of bottles of wine and a few cocktails. It really is the kind of place to share and try a variety of dishes. Even give a try things that you would not normally order because they are prepared in such a different way that you may be surprised to find a new favorite. The manager John is a good fit for this space. He is very friendly and a cutie too.The prices are very reasonable with most of the dishes under $10 and none over $18. I found the portions very fair for the quality and the price. We were all so stuffed that we did not even order desert and even took a doggie bag home. It is such a treat to have a restaurant of this caliber in the CORONADO neighborhood. It may not be for everyone, but some people don't expect a playground to come with their restaurants.Give it a try and thank me later.
4	What a wonderful surprise this place is!!! I'm not sure what the name Tuck Shop really means, but my interpretation is that it's meant to reference how conveniently it is "tucked" back in the neighborhood. This place thrives on being clever  yet simplistic. A beautiful house-2-restaurant conversion; it's small and intimate. Beautiful wood tables with mismatched chairs offers a comfortable setting to enjoy all of the comforts this chef has to offer. The wine list is small with a modest selection. Nothing that will rock yo socks off, but hit a home run with the primativo and its price point. Tito's handmade vodka takes the cake for premium liquor selection.  Everything about this menu is simple and clever. From small bites, to medium size appetizers, and a unique Sharing section. The Mac N Cheese with crispy pancetta and lobster was a melt in yo mouth sensation. Although the lobstah (as they would spell it) was a bit small in portion, you couldn't really complain for only a $3 upcharge. The pork tenderloin was a bit overcooked, and the waiter did not ask for a temp preference. The maple glaze drizzle was a nice compliment, but the gorgonzola grits were a disappointment. The grits were explosive in a lick your spoon kind of flavor, but the consistency was too runny. You couldn't even really tell that the base was made with polenta. Even if you didn't save room for dessert, the complimentary bite-sized chocolate covered cookie dough bites were the perfect amount of sweet to satisfy any after dinner craving without you having to pull out the sweat pants when you get home.
5	When they say neighborhood, they aren't kidding, literally in the Coronado residential neighborhood at 12th street and Oak, the restaurant lives in an old building that once housed the Arizona Showmen's Association. The rehab has been lovingly restored by its owner DJ Fernandes who is also not by coincidence an architect. When pulling up you can see such attention to detail and design from the concrete stamped handicapped spot, to the interesting lights and exterior brushed stainless door pulls. When entering the building be sure to check out the signage made up of letter building blocks, clever and grounding. Rehabilitation like this helps make the Phoenix area so interesting and original.The inventive menu was designed by DJ, his girlfriend Jessica Ruiz and chef/consultant Mitch Hoverman, who interestingly also opened Palette. The idea is to share plates amongst a group of friends, though you can easily put together a traditional 3 course meal if that is what suits you best. We opted to share our plates so we could try as many as possible. To best describe the menu it would be eclectic, with Creole, French and Spanish twists. There are 3 sections to chose from, Start, Smaller Plates and For Sharing, the menu is accessible and interesting.Starting things out, while the grilled baguette ($5) might sound ordinary, its crispy and light goodness comes from Simply Bread. Accompanied is a whole head of roasted garlic and finished with Bariani olive oil. The Bariani is essentially liquid gold with its grassy mild and pure unfiltered flavor. If there is any left in the bowl when you're done don't let the waiter take it away, it's to precious to be wasted and will taste great on just about anything. Together with the nosh plate ($7) it's all about simple clean flavors. Salted melon, Molinari &amp; Sons salami, manchego cheese and toasted pistachio's were so delicious it was hard to share though there was plenty for all. Panko walnut-crusted fontina ($6) was perfectly crunchy and with each bite the melted strands of the fontina cheese were delightful and satisfying. Patatas bravas ($5) are classic tapas however the Tuck version turns potato cubes into long thick planks served along side of 2 dipping sauces. The planks were lightly crispy and well seasoned, though dipped into the aioli and the spicy tomato sauce together was good, love came from dipping into the remaining Bariani olive oil.Working into the Smaller Plates menu, the panini bites with prosciutto ($9) were so good we were squabbling over the last piece. A nice slab of ciabtta bread stuffed with grilled pear, taleggio cheese, arugala and honey was a sweet and savory combo that has to be tasted and savored. Order 2, one for the table and another wrapped up to go for lunch the next day. Another contrasting sweet and savory small plate would be the medjool dates stuffed with chorizo and topped with melted gruyere ($9). I've had many of stuffed dates, but never like this, spicy and sweet, chewy and meaty, very nice! The mac and cheese with crispy prosciutto, topped with breadcrumbs and lobster ($12) was sublimely creamy and tender, like a really good hug where you just melt into his arms, bury your face into his chest while you're enveloped in comfort and security. Who knew mac and cheese could make you feel so good?!Turning our attentions to the citrus-brined fried chicken ($17) was a sight to behold. 3 large, generously battered pieces of deep fried passion caused instant salivation. I have to say that this was the juiciest tenderest fried chicken I've ever had the pleasure of sinking into. The crunchy coating, the moist flavorful chicken and the slight citrus after taste were absolute perfection. Along side was a large white cheddar waffle, slathered in maple butter and a bowl of pork laden collard greens. The waffle had a light, fluffy and almost mashed potato consistency that was fork tender and soaked up the chicken juices easily. The collards were nice and porky with that slight bitterness only tempered by salt and sugar.  This plate was simply amazing!For the beef eaters there is a spiced skirt steak ($18) served with parmesan lentil mashed yukons and mushrooms, that was so hearty and delicious, I can't imagine having this anywhere else.There is usually only one way to finish a good meal like this and that's with my favorite self proclaimed food group, chocolate. We all tore into the chocolate brownie and almond cream ($7) with a vengeance. You could tell with each bite that this was no box mix, crackly shininess on top, moist and crumbly, this was a great brownie. If this is too much you will also a receive a 1 bite postre with your check. On this night it was raw chocolate chip cookie dough with a slathering of melted dark chocolate, happy ending!The stars are aligned for the Tuck Shop. With all of their elements in near perfect cohesion, this will soon be one of the coolest and freshest places to eat, drink, and of course share.
2	Aptly named!! It is tucked away and uniquely designed.The food is meant to be shared FORGET THAT right now, it's not enough, but GOOD. The best thing I found here was the H2O. They put slices of cucumbers in it and I found that really refreshing. I would give it another try for lunch maybe next week.
4	I went to Tuck last night because of the reviews on here, and I loved it.  It really is tucked away and all the better.  It feels even more special.  We had the panini bites, dates stuffed with chorizo, and the citrus brined fried chicken with white cheddar waffles.  Not your greasy comfort food here.  Everything was delicious and I can't wait to go back and try more.
4	The significant other decided to whisk me away for a romantic Valentimes Day dinner upon my arrival in PHX, and Tuck Shop was a pretty fabulous choice.The modern architecture and design of the place manage to open in up, but the decor and the layout keep it cozy. As long as they had a bottle of wine under $30, I would have gave the place 3 stars on the ambiance alone. Our server that night also happened to be top notch.  On the ball, helpful and cool.  That can really make an experience.The food I wasn't totally in love with.  I had the skirt steak.  It was over done and a tad salty for me.  It wasn't bad, I was just expecting more for what we were paying.  The french fries appetizer was delicious, so I'm willing to concede that maybe I had a bad throw of the dice.  It happens.All in all, the Tuck is a great place for a romantic dinner, and I could see stopping in for drinks when you're looking for more than a tavern.
3	Don't get me wrong ... this is an AWESOME place, just not for me.We originally planned to go to Lo-Lo's but it was closed, so we headed here (as I knew they had Chicken and Waffles) instead. The chicken was over done (just like my Mommy used to make) and the waffle, well it was "fancy" (not your normal waffle which is what I had kinda wanted). Don't get me wrong it was okay, just different and came with no syrup, 'cause it was cheese based and that wouldn't work so well.Our real server was kinda pushed out by another server (thank GOD, as our "real" server looked like he had a few years of substance abuse behind him) and our new one was GREAT. We collectively assumed that that this our original servers last night at the place.That said my girl absolutely loved the food so take my review with a grain of salt. Also it should be duly noted that the place is incredibly hip and beautiful, and drink prices reasonable (two great Four Peaks beers on-tap).So here's the deal ... go here and ignore this review (sorry I wasted your time). :)Oh shit! I almost forgot ... the free desert (chocolate cookie dough is the freakin' greatest treat any restaurant has ever given me ... EVER!)
5	Pure and simple: Tuck Shop is spot on. This is the neighborhood where my grandmother lived my entire life, so it was a bit of a homecoming. It's somewhat life-affirming to see a restaurant like this do so well in the middle of a residential neighborhood. To start, there are two parking lots, one main lot next to the restaurant and another overflow lot across the street. We arrived at 7:30 on a Saturday night and had no trouble finding a space next to the restaurant. The restaurant consists of a large oblong space, and there is a small, cozy area called the book room (I think) which is offset from the dining area. You can order drinks from the waitstaff there while you wait for your table. Though there was an estimated hour long wait for our party, we ended up snagging three seats at the bar about 5 minutes after we arrived and decided to eat there instead. The food was simple and excellent. Roasted garlic in a pool of olive oil with toasted baguette pieces; breaded fontina cheese with sweet (cinnamon pear) and savory (red bell pepper) sauces. For entrees we ordered the citrus brined crispy fried chicken (3 pieces) with vinegary collard greens and two savory white cheddar waffles topped with melted butter; crab cakes (5 or 6) with a cup of corn chowder and a side of prosciutto specked macaroni and cheese. Everything was amazing--the fried chicken, though was probably the best I've ever had. So crispy on the outside, brimming with juiciness and flavor on the inside.Our bartender/waiter was great and chatted with us periodically throughout the evening, telling us of his bartending days in Brooklyn. One of his regulars was a mafia crime boss and he would always make him a Campari and soda. (He makes a mean Pimms Cup, too. Oh so good.)Can't wait to see how this restaurant develops.
4	I'm writing this review first, then will slap some stars to it. I was wicked excited to go to Tuck Shop.  I suppose you could consider me a foodie, but I think I'm just a guy who likes neat places to eat.  Tuck is a neat little place :)  When I arrived with my lovely date, we were greated promtly and sat at a nice little 2-top near the back.  The restaurant has a pretty interesting feature, in the middle there's a big-ol community table that one can sit at and eat with strangers. Not my bag, but I'm sure some people like it.  And it seems that Tuck Shop's theme centers around sharing your entree's so why the eff not?I had  HOMEMADE GINGER ALE. HOMEMADE! How cool is that? I geeked out hard and had two glasses of the stuff.  Kinda spicy-sweet and refreshing, like what a ginger ale commercial leads you to believe IT'S drink will taste like !  My date had their fresh squeezed lemonade.  It was fuerte, a little to much so for her, but I kinda liked it.  Her, not so much. Appetizer: Cheese sticks.  I know, kinda bar food ish right? WRONG. Fucking amazing Gruere (sp?) cheese, panko bread crumbs and crushed walnuts all fried together in a glorius miniature twinkie shaped goo- jem made just for my mouth (again, a little gay there).  Served with Pur'reid (SP? I need to work on my SP)  pear and onion dip.  Holy monkey. I am officially a cheese stick snob.Entree's:We got two of the larger entree's, I got the citrus brined friend chicken with cheddar waffles, and she had the maple pork with carmalized pear chips and gargonzola grits.  Now, I liked the waffle, it was moist and buttery, but the chicken, while flavorfull, was coated in something that made it rock hard.  I also though the pollo was a bit over cooked , but I know most restaurants have to over cook the white meats cause they're scared of undercooking it.  I'd give the chicken and waffles one thumb up.   My date's entree of pork was cooked magnificently, not over done at all, but the pear chips where kinda gross, almost too loaded with taste and the grits that came with them were, in my opinion, inedible.  They were loaded with what seemed to me to be scallion and black pepper.  I was not a happy camper. Usually when I get me a bowl of something warm, mashed up and covered in cheese and butter I'm one satisfied 4 year old.  Not the case here.  Suprised that something could taste so off in a place like this.  However, since I don't have the most mature pallete, it could just be me.  I'm just a white guy that likes to eat :) The pork also recieved one thumb up.No dessert, but they gave us cookie dough with our bill! Killer!  It had an unusual ingredient in it that I couldn't place, but I thought it was as a finisher, a really nice touch.  The dinner wasn't irrationally priced either!I might come back, but I don't think I will rush to do so :) Three stars I think. (UPDATE! 1-16-11! FOUR STARS! WTF TOOK ME SO LONG!?!)
4	Comfortable. Refined. Inventive. Consistent.  One-star deduction for no vegetarian entree.The Tuck Shop is such a welcome arrival in our Coronado neighborhood.  I like stopping there on my bike for a beer after work; or taking friends and sitting in the reading room for cocktails; or having an intimate dinner; or taking in the sounds of local bands at the Coronado Home Tour.Much has been said about the architect-hip decor, and I feel right at home here.  I'll skip to the food.For vegetarians, there are a few stand-by dishes, all small plates or salads, listed here in my order of delectability (#1 is the best):1. Roasted Baby Beets in Spiced Mustard Creme ($6)2. Baby lettuce, avocado salad, fennel, blood orange ($8)3. Panini bites; grilled pear, arugula, taleggio, honey ($7)4. Patatas bravas, spicy tomato sauce, aoili ($5)5. Grilled baguette, creamy roasted garlic with olive oil ($5)6. Panko-walnut crusted fontina, savory and sweet dipping sauces ($6)Sometimes I return just for the beets, which I absolutely cannot reproduce at home.  Suggestion:  It would be nice to have a vegetarian main dish option, and I hope Tuck Shop responds soon.Cocktails in the reading room replete with old-school games (Labyrinth!), colored pencils, architecture books, etc., make waiting easy.  And sometimes I just eat in the reading room itself.  Since they make their own mixers (ginger ale, tonic, lemonade) and serve Tito's (Texas) vodka, no hangover and no sickeningly sweet afterburn.Service here is on-point, especially with the acute attention to detail of the manager, John.  He always makes sure to come say hello.Now, I have had some errant pours brought to my table.  My vodka-ginger ale came as a vodka-lemonade, and then my vodka ginger ale came as a gin & tonic. John offered to remake the drinks without a problem.I am impressed with Tuck Shop in its nascent stage.  Add a vegetarian main, and I'll add a star!
4	I like Tuck Shop. I like when you first walk up to the building, you feel like you're walking into a small day care center (note the building blocks out front). When you walk into the building, you're in a cozy space that reminds one of a hip and modern cabin feel. I've been to Tuck about 3 times now and each time I leave happy. It starts with the host. There's nothing like being greeted like a regular when you've only been in once or twice. I love how friendly the Host, John, is. On my last visit, we had a group of 7 and we didn't have a reservation on a Saturday evening. John was more than accommodating. He invited us to sit at the bar while he made arrangements to get our rowdy (post beer festival) group in to eat. The way I would describe the food at Tuck is "home cooked meals made fancy". There is a variety of things to try! If you are a vegetarian, some dishes can be made meatless, but not all. If you want something spicy and with a lot of kick, try the red beans and rice. I think that's my favorite dish so far. My least favorite is the chicken and waffle. The chicken was good, and flavorful, but the waffle wasn't interesting to me. I was wishing for some syrup or a cool sauce to go along with the dish. Tuck also offers small plates that are tapas-like. Go for the patatas bravas for a simple appetizer. Tuck Shop is, in my opinion, a neighborhood jewel. It offers comforting dishes and great drinks, not to mention good service. I have made Tuck Shop one of my regular noshing spots!
4	Goodness...dusting myself off and getting a few squirts of oil before I get started. Oh Yelp, how I have missed you...In my new quest to schlep my self through as many new dining spots as possible, I was fortunate enough to receive an invite to Tuck Shop from a great co-worker. Aside from the multiple attempts to get the name right prepare yourself for at least one phonetic faux pas on the phone with friends...You are welomed with a small sign made of kids' blocks...so you know that you are in for a treat. It's like how I would love my house to be if I had a 50's-60's  ranch block. Decent sized bar, various seating arrangements and chair assortments with onr large table  in the middle and a cozy lounge area. The chorizo stuffed dates with arugala were delish - so simple but the savory crispy chorizo with sweet gooey date and a little melted cheese on top peppered with a small bite of arugala just go so well together.  The mac and cheese was ok...needed salt and pepper and a little more moisture. We ordered the chicken and white cheddar waffles - but we passed as they were out of  waffles. Instead we went with the red beans and rice with linquisa sausage and shrimp and the maple roasted pork tenderloin. The red beans and rice had amazing flavors with the spicey and sweet sausage with just a hint of cinnamon. Some of the beans were a little hard but it was easy to overlook because everything tasted so good. The pork was ok - the maple and mustard seed sauce was good...almost undercooked but juicy and great flavor. But I have to say the gorgonzola grits really turned me off...I kept thinking my old bikram yoga clothes were under the table or something. Maybe I'll try the grits next time sans stinky cheese. And yes, the meal ended with tiny little cookie dough balls...Excellent service and tasty zingy gingerale.  I am so looking forward to trying the chicken!!!!
3	Tuck Shop is in a lovely neighborhood, and sits across the street from the Musicians Union.The exterior architecture is nice, but not worthy of mention. The interior, however, is absolutely wonderful. The ceiling is really amazing.The furniture is eclectic and quite appropriate. The whole place oozes "urban", which is just fine with me.I had a panini bite, with the prosciutto, which was delicious! THe grilled pear was wonderful!But the macaroni and cheese was delecteble! YUM!They seemed to have a nice selection of beer, but I wasn't drinking. The water they served is infused with cucumber. It's actually nice.I will revisit this little gem, and I thank my friend Tyson and Phoenix Friday Nights for introducing me. :)
5	What makes me feel better about being another year older?  Perfectly cooked beets in a mustard cream sauce.  Thanks, Tuck Shop.  I had attempted to eat here a few weeks previously, but, unbeknownst to me, it was the Coronado Historic District Neighborhood Festival-- and the regretful host informed us the wait was an hour and a half.  The courteousness of the host, the brief peek I had of the interior that night, and a quick scan of their menu online when we got home secured it as a top choice for my birthday dinner, and by making my reservation for 12 a week in advance, we were in!Because there were so many of us, we were able to order quite a few dishes and trade around-- a practice that the waiter had greatly encouraged when we ordered by saying the dishes were served 'family-style' and meant for sharing.  For that descriptor, I expected bigger portions, but they turned out to be closer to a sizing I generally prefer-- moderate. The quality was excellent, well-chosen flavor pairings, and everything had that great homemade quality-- nothing came out cookie-cutter style.    I was very interested in the cheese and chorizo stuffed Medjools, but as I'm a vegetarian-- I opted for the Fontina & Pear Panini plate. We even received an interesting tip from our waiter while gorging on the slab of chocolate decadence we ordered for dessert-- bleu cheese to break the palette and offset the sweetness.  Not bad, definitely for the adventurer.The only thing I would have passed on was the cookie dough ball parting taster.  Their presentation was lovely, four or five little dough balls drizzled in chocolate-- though in the end, I've had better raw cookie dough (I've been spoiled by Wanda's Magical Cookie Dough from Sack's for 6 years now) and it didn't quite live up to the rest of the fare.  But hell-- they were free.
5	First it was a specail night but we wanter to go someplace new.. Remember hearing the place... but Thought it was called Truck stop... many after many Google and yelp minutes used on my cell phone got nothing... then a round of txted got us the Adress...the Night being great its always hard to remove that from the Equation... but for now I just love this place...well woth the Cell phone bill...untill I investigate more...v
5	Stopped in this place last night with a friend who lives in the neighborhood.  We had been working on a rental house we partner on and were dressed in our painted clothes.  The place was busy and at a glance I thought we should head for filbertos or somewhere our odors wouldn't overwhelm the aromas coming from the kitchen.  However before I could comment the host/manager was handing us menus and guiding us to a sofa to wait for our table to be cleared.  Staying turned out to be a good choice we shared the chicken and waffles along with a loaf of bread and a few draft beers.  The chicken was excellent I found myself swabbing my plate for the tiny pieces of crispy that tried to get away. The greens were delicious and the waffles were ok (bit soggy for me).   The service was outstanding and we ended with an invitation to mothers day brunch that we may accept. Whether I make for mothers day depends on mom but I will definitely be back to try   something else.
5	I want to live here. Do you think they'd mind if I just sacked out on their couch? The atmosphere is so intimate and welcoming, I almost feel like they would be fine with it.We went here for my birthday, and I fell in love. The decor, the food, the bathrooms...I loved every detail. We were warned by the waiter that the portions are huge, but apparently he has never seen me eat before because we cleaned our plates. We started with the mac and cheese (cheesy, gooey, creamy heaven in noodle form), the medjool dates with brie and chorizo (smokysweetspicy little bites of sin), the roasted garlic with crostini (OK, there's not much you can do to elevated this one from other restaurants, but it was devoured) and wine. For dinner, we shared the citrus-brined fried chicken with greens and cheddar waffles. Oh my goodness. That was some damn good chicken, Colonel.The only complaint I had was that I was so stuffed from dinner that I couldn't even fathom the thought of dessert, a rarity for me. Can't wait to go back.
4	I love this place. The concept of sharing really does it for me (thanks mom). You get to try so many dishes instead of just one, it's like taking your taste buds on an adventure. I've been here twice now and already have some faves: Nosh plate - melons, salami, manchego, pistachios Dates - stuffed with chorizo and gruyereMac and Cheese - with prosciutto and breadcrumbsI can't wait to go back and try the waffle fries. Oh yea and they have Tito's vodka. Big Score!
5	Great place! We hosted a small dinner here, and it was the perfect atmosphere. Cozy, sleek, not too loud and not too dark.
3	From the orgasmic sounding menu and 'hood locale to unique interior and restaurant name, Tuck Shop seems a smidge more concerned with hip originality and nice "touches" than with bedrock delivery of food and value. Originality is certainly welcome in Phoenix - it's just that Tuck Shop's substance doesnt always measure up to it's considerable style. How could it? The menu is the most seductive mid-priced bill of fare I've ever read, and a big reason I came.  Every combo sounds amazing and unique.  I guess my expectations were flying, but felt the food fell somewhat short of its 'promise'.  Little about the Nosh Plate sampler, the garlic and olive oil baguette, or fried cheese with dipping sauces excited my palate. It was OK, but not a single item made me go, "Wow...that's really good, or unusual. Here, try this". Which is a problem, because the whole concept here is about sharing. My wife liked her seared halibut (a $19 "large" plate not big enough to reasonably split), but the seafood in my marinated cocktail was more rubbery than flaky or succulent.  The fried chicken was decent (the thigh was a tad undercooked), but I question the sobriety of those claiming this is the "best ever" fried chicken. Our citrus brine was not all that flavorful and the hard coating made digging in a challenge. Far pricier than KFC, more attractively plated obviously, but tastes no better in my judgement.  The whole chicken n waffles deal here is clearly a notch or two below Lolo's. What did we like? The cuke infused water and the fact they brought out the H2o without asking. Homemade ginger ale. That's neat. The turnip greens had a nice kick, and the sour cream sauce over the key lime pie was divine. Our server was very pleasant. The manager stopped by, smiled and refilled our waters. Is that worth $100, for three people, no booze? Meh, I dont think so.  It's a unique setting for young people to drink and be seen - as a restaurant, which is what we were after, I dont feel it merits more than three stars.
5	This is my new favorite spot. There, I said it. Find me there, often.I like the airiness in here a lot. There's lots of little tables, couches and a cool bar. Great combination of fresh wood paneling on the ceiling and weathered concrete on the floor. I like that everyone here seems to be having a great time. It's comfort food in the neighborhood, and you're invited. Esthetically, it's exactly what I look for in a restaurant: it can be packed but feel like you're the only one there. Perfect. The bar is spacious enough that I'd come even if the food sucked. Luckily, their gin and tonics -- with homemade gin and a cucumber twist -- are absolutely refreshing and just unique enough to warrant some serious excitement.And the food? Stick-to-your-ribs good. The citrus brined fried chicken is something you have to taste to believe. The kosher salt on the skin (which, by the way, is not gooey and soaked in oil, but crispy like no skin I've had before -- Popeye's, take note!) sticks like a long-lost lover. It's a thing of beauty. And how about the baked garlic and crostini? Simple, yes, but the garlic is tender and not at all overpowering, so you've got a winner there as well.I'm determined to try many, many more items here. And have many more gin and tonics.
5	Bomb sauce. I have been anticipating this place since I was told they serve chicken and waffles. But don't go here expecting soul food like Mama used to make. This place is modern and cool. You won't have grease stains on a paper plate. Rather you will have a delectable meal that is finger-lickin' good.I read a lot of reviews of this place before I darkened their doorway. So, kudos to you previous reviewers for suggesting the mac and cheese. That was bomb. Then I ordered the chicken and waffles. I was instantaneously in heaven. The only knock to the whole meal was the braised greens. I have had better, but that doesn't lower my score because they are inferior anyway to the brilliance that sat on the plate beside them. Also, the wait staff was extremely helpful and patient. Since we sat at the bar near the kitchen, they let us see everything as it come out and were more than happy to tell us what each dish was. The decor is very modern and appealing. They have gone to great lengths to make sure you know that this place is hip and with it. I can't say much more other than, you must try this place. You must quit what you are doing right now and go. Drop the pen. Step away from the keyboard. Get up. Put on pants. Go eat at Tuck Shop. Wow- as I wrote that I realized that is a good schedule for my day...
5	Though the menu may seem intimidating and eclectic, the food itself could not be more simple and classic. I ordered the macaroni and cheese, which was anything but ordinary with herbed bread crumbs and crispy prosciutto. Even their bread sticks have a twist with a bit of paprika and cinnamon in the accompanying roasted red pepper dip. The portions are perfect to fill you up without making you full - one starter and one shared are the perfect size for two people. The servers are friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu - which comes in handy when trying to decide what to order. The atmosphere is homey and inviting, with the noise level staying manageable. Can't wait to get back here and try their BBQ pulled pork and classic strawberry shortcake!
5	Delicious!  Housemade drink ingredients (tonic water and ginger ale) are a great touch in this town still thirsty for authentic mixed drinks.  I wouldn't call it a great bar, though, as it's a very intimate space.  I enjoyed the food immensely, though, and would love to return on a weeknight when it's not a zoo - partially attributable to our group, but there was enough of a crowd (and given the expense) that I probably won't make a strenuous effort to return immediately, but it's a great place, I'm glad I went, and I will be back eventually.
4	Went to The Tuck Shop last night for the first time. They have been around since last winter but until a few days ago I had never heard of it. Too bad for me because I have been missing out!. My wife and I just decided to order a bit of this and that (which I think is the point of the menu). We ordered mac n cheese, garden salad, fontina sticks and chicken and waffles. the food came out in a timely manner and  sort of created its own tempo where we always had a new dish in front of us but never had two at any one time. The fried fontina was the first and the most disappointing of the four. There was a nice light breadcrumb coating over the super soft mild cheese. There was a lack of seasoning/salt in this dish. They were served with a yin and yang of sauces, pear and red pepper. The pear sauce was very good but the red pepper sauce really needed something else. The dish was a great concept (who doesn't like fired cheese) but needed some more seasoning or tweaking.The second dish was the salad, tons of spinach, frisee, pickled shallots, green grapes, salami, goat cheese balls. VERY GOOD SALAD, just would have liked the salametti cut into thinner or smaller pieces. The third dish was the Mac n Cheese w/o the optional lobster. In my persuit for the perfect Mac n Cheese this ranked very high. A perfect combo of cheeses and breadcrumbs and noodles. Then the kicker was that they fried up some proscuitto and crumbled on top. MMMMM good.The fried chicken with white cheddar waffles was next.... The chicken looked so dark when it arrived that I thought I was going to have to send it back BUT when I tasted the fried batter it was really nice. Good seasoning and nice crunch. The chicken was moist and very good. I did not get the citrus brine flavor the menu talked about but still very good. The cheddar waffles were supper good and almost gooey. The greens they served with them were shocking but good. Acidic and spicy but not chewy as braised greens often get. The combo of the three sets of flavors worked very well. We opted out of dessert but will go back next time for the upside down pineapple cake or the chocolate mousse with fresh whipped cream.I would have to say that this is one of my favorite spaces in phoenix. I found out that the owner is an architect and then it made more sense. One great big area with slightly mismatched tables and chairs. Simple table settings with white butcher paper. Mint sprigs instead of flowers, simple candles, etc... There was a great little lounge area with couches and coffee tables where a couple ate and looked very intellectual. The lighting was soft but well placed and lots of windows with the summer evening light shining in. The music was a great mix of mostly stuff I had never heard but still found myself wondering who it was so I could download it on itunes the minute I got home.Kudos  to the creator of that playlist, so refreshing from the common restaurant music these days. I am sure the very clean open kitchen would add some energy to the room had they been slammin but the three cooks looked rather board. The only negative I would say about the dining  room was the TV at the bar. I don't mind a TV at a bar (actually I think it is crucial) but I just wish the TV would have been facing a different direction or mounted on the north wall so that it didn't interfere with the vibe so much.Overall... could be one of my new go-to spots!!! I recommend this spot.
4	this place is tucked away in the middle of a neighborhood and really surprises you. it doesn't look like much from the outside, but step inside and you're transported into a cozy little space with charming comfort food.i didn't actually sit down, i ordered take out because i didn't feel like getting all dressed up and would rather enjoy my fried chicken and mac and cheese in the comfort of my own home. the servers were friendly and brought my order up right away, 3 boxes tied together with a string. sure, it looks awesome, but the second i hit a speed bump a box fell over and fried chicken fell all over my car seat. yes, i still ate them.got home, dug in, and damn, that was the best, crispiest, and juciest fried chicken i've ever had. same goes for the mac and cheese, with bread crumbs, crispy prosciutto, and lobster. lobster in mac and cheese?!?! i know it sounds insane but it was actually quite unexpectedly good. the white cheddar waffles that came with the fried chicken were soggy by the time i got home, which soooooo sucked because really that's what i was looking forward to most, and i couldn't even eat them they were that soggy and gross. but that's my own damn fault for ordering waffles to go.i'll be back to actually sit down and enjoy a meal here. very cozy. love it.
4	Amazing fish & chips and to die for citrus brine chicken that melts in your mouth.  I never eat dark meat, but I do here.  They also debone part of the pieces so you don't have to have make out with your chicken to eat it.  Don't get me wrong, I'll get down and dirty with some fried chicken, but not at Tuck Shop cause it has a more classy feel to it although it's in a homey atmosphere.  Not sure if I would bring my kids here as the place is quite intimate but a great place for adults or a date. Pimms cup with their tonic and homemade gingerale... YUM.
5	Everything about this place is out of the norm in a very good and inviting way. Major points on the curb appeal from rock wall to innovative use of nostalgic wooden letter blocks as signage. The attention to detail is refreshing and appreciated.  The interior is welcoming and the creative use of space is impressive. How does one fit a lounge, bar and dinning area in such a tight space and mitigate claustrophobia? This is worthy of an HGTV episode.  Tuck has done it & done it well! The menu is just as creative and unique in its own right. I've enjoyed the roasted grape crostini, chorizo stiffed dates, mac & cheese w/lobstah, special meatloaf with potatoes & chorizo and the chocolate cheese cake. All hit high marks for flavor, portion and presentation. The service is consistently impeccable from courteous host to attentive but non-intrusive servers. I always feel welcomed and appreciated!  Tuck Shop is in my top five places I love and enjoy introducing to friends, co-workers, and out of town guests. It holds a very warm place in my heart with many fun and special memories.
5	There aren't very many times I find a place that is truly special. Special, in my book constitutes a menu that is creative, a staff that is passionate, and ambiance that is electric. Tuck Shop is one of those places. Although small, the space is used well and the theme is eclectic and fun. The food is "neighborhood comfort food" and it doesn't disappoint.  I went with a friend last week and we sat at the bar. It's a unique concept. They have one bottle of everything. One kind of vodka (a brand I haven't heard of and subsequently cannot recall), one kind of rum, gin, tequila, scotch, ect. The wine list is a bit more extensive but  not overwhelming. And they make their own mixers from SCRATCH, which makes the mixed drinks extra special.  We started with the crispy fontina sticks, which were a deliciously more complex take on cheese sticks (a bar food favorite). Next up, we tried the stuffed dates, served on a bed of greens. The dates were stuffed with chorizo and the marriage of sweet and savory was balanced and enjoyable. It wouldn't be comfort food without macaroni and cheese and I wasn't leaving there without eating a WHOLE large bowl full. I decided to try it with lobster and although there wasn't much lobster in it, I realized that for a meager $3 upcharge, I did get at least a few bites! For dessert, we had a pineapple 'right side up cake' and the crispy edge was literally soul melting. There was not one bad bite.  The staff at Tuck Shop is eager to please as well as friendly and knowledgeable. The space is utilized well and although it was fairly busy when I was there, it is set up in a manner that makes the experience intimate. I will certainly be back.
5	I don't even know where to begin explaining the magnificence of this place. How have I lived two blocks away and never been here before?!  My husband hosted my birthday dinner here last week for a party of twelve. The staff was gracious and very accommodating for our large group. Drink service was a weeee bit slow, but I'm not going to complain. The restaurant itself is cozy and quaint, with little bits of charm here and there. And how about their homemade tonic and ginger ale?! I knew that the menu was served family style, but we had such a random group of people together I wasn't sure what to expect as far as ordering and 'sharing' went. To my surprise, nearly everyone ordered something different, and we were all picking off of each other's plates (while oohing and aahing of course) the entire night. Among the dishes that were served was the fried goat cheese salad, roasted garlic baguette, wild mushroom tarts, patatas bravas, shrimp and tilapia escabeche, mac and cheese, fried chicken, skirt steak and Vovo's favorite that night: fish and chips. Each dish was eclectic yet so satisfyingly simple. It was obvious each ingredient was carefully selected to match both the highest quality and freshness. I cannot say that any of the dishes disappointed. The fried goat cheese salad was tangy and delicious; the cheese was fried to perfection. The macaroni and cheese was creamy, with a crispy breadcrumb crust and prosciutto topping - hands down the best macaroni I've ever had (shhh! don't tell my mom). The patatas bravas  had a subtle peppery bite that paired so well alongside the creamy, garlic aioli. And OH MY GOD, the entrees. The fried chicken was juicy and oh-so-flavorful. Not heavy, or overly breaded. And I thought LoLo's was amazing! The skirt steak was cooked to a perfect medium,  and paired with the sauteed mushrooms and lentil yukon mashed potatoes - well, I might as well have been in heaven. And oh, ooooh, the fish and chips. I can't even explain the level of deliciousness. Perfectly fried, moist, flaky fish served with patatas bravas and a sinful sriracha tartar sauce. Just kill me now, k? We left full and extremely satisfied. Including drinks, the tab came to close to $40 a person, which yes, is a splurge, but a worthy one at that. The service was impeccable, the food was unimaginably good, and the restaurant itself was beyond inviting. Tuck Shop is hands down my new favorite spot.
3	The place is very quaint. The menu eclectic. Food fantastic. Wine selection good. The food and wine very overpriced. Wait staff very accommodating. I rated it 3 stars because the prices are very inflated.
4	The Tuck Shop was recommended to me by a very well-informed bartender that I met months back.  I've been slowly working my way through the list he gave me.  Thus far, everything he advised I try has been good.  Thanks Chris!This is yet another hidden gem in Phoenix.  In this case, quite literally.  I was supposed to meet a friend here for dinner and she drove past it twice trying to find it.  Maybe it has something to do with a lack of directional ability.  I'm not one to judge.As soon as you enter, you get the strong feeling of comfort and welcome.  I think they do a lot to make the place feel big and inviting.  We sat down to wait for a table to become free, perused the menu, and chatted happily with the other people sitting around in the lounge-type waiting area.By the time our table became free, we were pretty much set to order.  Strange as it seemed, the wait didn't really seem bothersome.  The server gave us the whole speech that first-timers get (I guess some people still don't understand the shared-plate concept) and we were off.We ordered a plate from each section (small, large, and starter) all to share and they timed them all well.  Nothing really overlapped too much.  It gave us time to talk and eat without feeling rushed (speed food is a pet peeve of mine, usually).The best plate was the pulled pork sandwich, a special that is offered seasonally.  I've only recently begun to eat pork again and for this, I'm glad I did.  The meat was so smooth as to nearly melt in with the sweet and savory barbecue sauce they used.  The potato bread roll had just the right consistency of fluff and resilience to hold up the the onslaught of sauce and meat.Mind you, we still made a mess of ourselves, but we had great time doing so.  Happily, everything leading up to that was pretty amazing too.
5	I heart you in every way possible..was it because my 1st meal, after a 60 day 500 calorie a day diet , that  I had mac and cheese with lobtsaaaa? No, it was that walking in, you captured  a small part of my heart and soul ...The experience made me feel that's it's ok to be happy in this economy and ok to pay for great food and service, and that the artsy fartsy table looking your way ..just doesn' t get you, but you don't care.  Tuck you R it! Thank you...plz don't abuse my very fave new spot of ALL time other than Back Street Wine Bar....their dog rocks! The cat ouside at Tuck...super sweet...anyhow...thank you for helping me enjoy food again and want to actually recommend clients and friends..Simplicity and comfort Chaz..this is the spot!
4	I just got back from Tuck Shop, call me a stuffed date.  To find this place you have to back road it through an old neighborhood of Phoenix.  Tuck Shop is on 12th St. and Oak.  I found a parking spot up close so that was a good start to the evening.  The cocktails were stand out special.  My company and I ordered the Pimms Cup a couple of times.  Our wine was great for the $20 dollar price tag.  We had the Cabernet.The food was delectable.  Tuck shop encourages it's guests to share, which is a great way to taste the menu.  To start we had the Wild mushrooms on short pastry.  The appetizer had goat cheese, sherry, and thyme.  Yum.  Our other appetizer was the Medjool dates stuffed with chorizo and melted gruyere.  Double Yum!!!  We were pleased with the starters.  We shared three main dishes, Fried chicken and waffles, Red beans and Rice with linguisa sausage and grilled Creole shrimp, and finally the Halibut fillet with an herb pesto, lentils, zucchini, and marinated tomatoes.  Aces, all three.The wait staff was great.  No major errors.  The decor is woody with mixed matched chairs, paper table coverings and paper napkins. (O.K.???)  The lounge area looked nice, which I am sure gets used because there are nine tables in the dining room.Tuck Shop was a great find.  I like that it is tucked away in an old neighborhood.  Cool spot.
2	Meh is right. This place was a big yawn for me...I went with a group of 5 (well, 4 adults, one kiddo). This is another one of those places that tries to be fancy and pretty much sucks -- for the price and portion size anyway. We ordered beef stew, chorizo stuffed dates, halibut, cheeze sticks, chicken and white cheddar waffles, and some beers. First on the beers... They have Four Peaks 8th Street on tap (privately labeled as Tucks Ale or something like that) and I was happy to see this -- I love this beer. However, halfway into my meal my glass was dry and it sat that way for a good 10 minutes. If you've read any of my other yelps, you know I expect a refill promptly, especially if you expect me for forget your marginal service and mediocre food... When the waitress came around, she asked if I wanted another beer, I said yes. Another 10 minutes went by, me parched, growing annoyed... When she came around again it was clear she forgot all about me, then asked one of my friends if they wanted another beer -- I assertively said YES. She looked at me and proclaimed her sorrow, said it would be right up. Another 10 minutes go by, she swings by and apologizes that they had to change the keg. I understand that -- but between the FIRST and second time I asked, I watched the bartender pour another 4 or 5 8th Streets. But I didn't get one.As for the food? Super duper BLAND. Come on Tuck's! Fancy (read expensive) food should be an explosion of complex flavor in my mouth. If I have to put table salt and pepper on it just to taste something, you pretty much suck. If we pay $30+ per person and I leave hungry, you pretty much suck. The fried chicken was pretty good, but I've had the same quality stuff from the deli at Safeway.Overall, not impressed and see no reason to return. If you're taking a girl out on a first date who is more into atmosphere than food -- she'll probably think you are the man. But really, do you want a girl like that?
4	First read about this in the recent 2009 Best of Phoenix and wow, what a great choice! The place is cozy and friendly (laidback atmosphere) with food that is a wonderful culinary experience. I enjoyed the roasted garlic in olive oil with the toasted baguette slices from the start menu, though the nosh plate might need some work (more types of cured meats, and maybe some of those tiny dill pickles). From the starter plates we had the crostini duo and the roasted grapes and brie on the multi-grain bread slices was popular with all - the one with the cucumber slices on them, a distant and less exciting second. The other starter - dates stuffed with homemade Chorizo and grueyer cheese, yum! The come on a bed of greens with some sort of vinegar dressing, which was a nice compliment.For Sharing Section of the menu - the citrus brined fried chicken and cheddar cheese waffles, loved by all! I recommend ordering it early since we asked for it about 7 pm and it was the last one left. Even the braised greens were good. I was not so impressed with the halibut filet plate  - nicely seasoned but frankly, a bit dry.Other thoughts - they really like cucumber here - they put it in the water (makes it quite refreshing), garnished my gin and tonic with it (homemade tonic, nice but not really wowed by it), and had it on the previously mentioned crostini duo plate - just seemed like a lot of cucumer. As for the service, it was good throughout the meal. The waiter kept things well paced and was a good source of information when asked, without being overly obtrusive.If you haven't gone, worth checking out and if you have gone worth going back again. :-)
4	Been to this place a couple times and I can not really complain about it...good ambience, service, and food.However, this is the kind of place you go to before you go to bed because that is how you are going to feel after dinner here!!Its comfort food, which is aways good.  Some stand outs are the cheese plate and of course the chicken and waffles.Some of the other dishes I have tried tend to be on the salty side and a little unbalance, flavor profile wise.Its not great food, but good....so why the 4 stars.  If you the guts to open a restaurant in a residential neighborhood, especially in that neighborhood and able to turn a residential house into architector's dream and serving decent food..you deserve 4 stars in my book:)
4	I've been to Tuck Shop about ten times now, and there is still no vegetarian entree.  Perhaps worse is that their best small plate, the roasted baby beets, has been removed from the menu because of exorbitant market prices for local beets.  Still a 4-star experience because of the delicious cocktails, perfect reading room, and Best Front of the House in Town, John.
4	Quaint. Comfortable. Homey. When I first walked in and looked at the Reading Room, Tuck Shop reminded me of being in someone else's home in 1960.  I loved it!There was a group of 5 of us, they only take reservations for 6 or more so we went earlier than later to ensure a spot.  5:30-- PERFECT.  After work and ready to try some supper.    The server made it sound as if the larger plates were so huge and they weren't really that big.  Between 5 of us we ordered:Panko crusted Walnut Fontina CheeseDates stuffed with SausageTimes Mac n cheese (minus lobstah)Fish n CHips (special)Fried Chicken and Waffles (with the worst tasting greens in the world)Coriander Pork LoinNot too shabby-- we each ordered either a cocktail or a Coca Cola Light (from Mexico-- love the bottles and that it's called Light, not Diet)- came out to $27/person plus tip.  That is good!My only complaint, was that there was 5 of us and we asked if we could order one more sausage stuffed date (that doesn't sound right), so we could each have one and the server told us "the chef doesn't do that."  That's okay, one gal didn't want one anyway. Tuck Shop's food is homey-- I like it.  The bar isn't fully stocked but, they have the basics.  I feel like I was there for the food anyway.
4	So we don't normally wait until 5 for dinner so it is really hard for us to make it to Tuck Shop.  Thankfully, we were off this past week and were able to finally go on a Friday evening.  We showed up at 5 and we were pretty much the only ones there for a while.Big positives for having the baseball game on in the bar & for our waiter being pretty awesome.  I had seen in a tweet that they had a BBQ pork sandwich that I just had to try and it was really the only thing on my mind.  All of the nonsense about sharing and tapas was completely lost on me.We did order what amounted to fried cheese sticks.  They were okay.  They were made with fontina cheese and the sticks were pretty good but the sauces just didn't do it for me.  One of them was even pear-flavored.  Ugh.The wife also wanted to try the mac & cheese with "lobstah" so we got an order of that.  It was pretty good but was served too hot.  I know that sounds weird, but the cheese was all runny when we got it.  It wasn't until we were about finished that it turned into a creamy mac & cheese.  Too bad.All of those complaints aside, I really didn't go for that stuff.  I went for the bbq.  Considering I had tried about 3 different bbq porks over the previous three days, I was beginning to consider myself an expert on the stuff.  The Tuck Shop bbq was wicked good.  It came with sweet potato fries that rivaled Fez (they were even cinnamon-sugary too).  The sauce was a bit spicy and really wasn't needed considering how juicy the pork was.  Really, it was great.  It was a special though, so don't show up looking for it on the menu.Finally, we finished out our meal with a German chocolate cheesecake.  I'm not sure why I ordered this; I hate German chocolate and I can't eat cheesecake...but I ate some of it anyways.  It was so good.  Really one of the better desserts I've had.  To top this all off, I had ordered some lemonade which was actually really good.  I guess they make the syrups there in-house and, while not a traditional lemonade, it was pretty damn good and had free refills.  No complaints there.  Next time, I'm getting the ginger ale.
3	Well, the food is GREAT...the service is only so, so. Our waiter was nice but we had to wait about 10-15 mins for waters and my husband has too awkwardly "wait" by the door for a restroom to open..which was weird...we had the french onion soup which was awesome and the BBQ sandwich was great too. We also ordered the gin and tonics. It was a bit overpriced in my opinion, by about 20%. The set up at the place is a little strange...I hate sitting at a table in the middle of the room, especially when the room feels like your house...but I'll be back.....
4	I feel like it's been forever since Tuck Shop opened and it's taken me all the way until now to actually go!  That has more to do with the fact that I have the eating habits of a geriatric and like to eat at 4, and places like this don't open until 5.  My first impressions were that this was a very cute little restaurant with homey touches here and there but not without it's own modern flair.  The tables and chairs are all mismatched, but thankfully at appropriate heights.  I liked the faux ceiling that gave the impression that it was lower in the middle, but I can see other people really hating that.  The staff was all friendly and knowledgeable and the guy who I am guessing is the owner had some really amusing shorts on.The food was wonderful.  There was lots that looked good on the menu to us, and it was too difficult to narrow it down to one sharing plate, on top of the appetizer and small plate we ordered, so we went ahead and got two.  We started with the walnut crusted fontina, and that was delicious.  It was served with a sweet and earthy pear sauce as well as a roasted red pepper sauce.  They were delicious when swirled together.  Next we had the mac and cheese with the lobstah added.  I really liked the mac and cheese.  It was tender with a real down home sauce with just the right amount of cheesy flavor and warmth.  The lobster was quite unique.  It had a great woody flavor that I didn't expect but I found to be really appropriate for the dish.  Finally, I had the citrus brined fried chicken and white cheddar waffle.  It was ambrosial.  The chicken was the best fried chicken I have ever had.  It was intensely crispy and the citrus brine gave it a whole new flavor profile that I was not ready for.  The white cheddar waffle was yummy, but a little too eggy for my liking.  It did however, go extremely well with the chicken,I really enjoyed my visit here, and I hope to come back sometime soon.
4	We had a friend in town and were searching for the right place to just hang out and talk...Tuck Shop had that and more. It was pretty hard to find...you drive down a neighborhood street and really can't make out a house that looks like a restaurant until you turn the corner. The retooled house is a marvel--very thoughtful design details--pocket doors, acoustic ceiling, compelling lounge area, etc. On to the food. The plates are meant for sharing, and they all struck the right note. In particular the mac and cheese and the fontina cheesesticks with 2 dipping sauces. Better than we expected. Now, it does have the "LATFH" vibe and a lot of them in there too, but, no matter. They know to search out cool places and they didn't spoil our time there. Bonus points for making us feel like we were in SF vs. Phoenix. We do like Phoenix, but it's a rare restaurant that transports us out of the city's strange mix of spas, poverty, Hummers, urban blight, Scottsdale strip bars, and religious/gun-toting/conservative wack jobs. Need an escape? Highly recommended.
4	Love the ambience....very cool.  The service has always been personable,  fast and fun.  The menu interesting and inventive, and yummy.
4	We visited Tuck with a group of 9 recently.  We ate mostly the small plates and enjoyed everything.  We sampled the dates stuffed wtih chorizo, oyster popover sliders, roasted garlic, spinach salad and mac 'n cheese.   All were tasty and nicely presented.  The place it self is cozy and comfortable with more elbow room then other downtown establsihments.  The service was friendly and efficient.  The noise levels allowed for covnersation without straining.I would definitely go back there to try some entrees or again with a group
5	I've been here twice since September.  The first time was for my birthday and the last time was about 3 weeks ago.  Everything about this place is great: the design, the service and the food.  The bar is small so the inventory is a bit limited but the food more than makes up for it.  Get the chorizo stuffed dates and mac n' cheese.   As my friend put it, "this is like an epicurean explosion in your mouth".  Very true.
5	We bring out of towners here always. Great combination of super good, interesting food selections, cool re-hab architecture, and the  house made tonic and ginger ale always garner a "What?" with guests.  Our server was a pro - and with a great sense of humor. The place beautiful all the way.  If your friends don't like this place, take them to Dennys.
5	This is my new favorite place to eat in Phoenix.  I have been here a few times, and it has never failed to impress.  Their ginger ale is homemade and absolutely divine.  The chicken and waffles are incredible.  The chorizo stuffed dates? Excellent!  I can go on and on.  The tuck shop is a slow food restaurant, so don't expect to come here for a quick bite.  However, if you are looking for a unique and creative meal in a down-home atmosphere, you should definitely give this place a try.
5	I still love this place! The menu has some seasonal changes. Right now, you won't find the  panko walnut-crusted fontina or the yukon jacket potatoes but you WILL find "crispy shrimp and okra" which are fried treats that have both shrimp and okra in each puff! Delicious! And, oyster po'boy popovers (4 per order) which made some in our party think of Big Macs - only with oysters. Fortunately, the pine spiced skirt steak is still available -- with those "to-die-for" mashed potatoes. BUT, it's a tough decision now with the juicy pork t-bone, perfectly crisp green beans and tasty squash gnocchi.Bottom line is: this place rules! You can't make a bad order. And, it's all about sharing any way. Isn't that what our world needs more of? Places that promote sharing!!
4	YUM! Everything we ordered was really good! The Crispy Shrimp and okra, with hot and cold sauces, very good! The Mac and Cheese was okay, I wouldn't get the lobstah next time if I ordered the dish, actually not sure I would order it again.The Fired Chicken with citrus brine...I am still thinking about it 2 weeks later...so YUM! This dish is why you should go visit the Tuck Shop alone! Although just seeing the dishes pass us by my dinner partner and I have a list of thing we want to try when we return to the Tuck Shop and Return we will.Great job Tuck Shop!
5	The Tuck Shop's owners have done something absolutely right. They have taken a modern space within a quiet transitional neighborhood, and turned it into a hip and delicious find, that if your not looking for it, you may just drive right by. Great places, with excellent food & ambiance should be hard to find. There shoudn't be a giant blinking neon sign, you should just happen upon it because your friend told you the secret route. The Tuck Shop delivers with top quality and innovative foods filling their menu, and thats the reward for your journey.After visits on three different occasions, I can honestly say that for independent restaurants destinations here in the Valley, Tuck Shop is at the top of my list.
4	I'm happy I overcame my fear of community tables and finally made it in for dinner. Turns out, not all of the tables are big 8 seaters and maybe I can be more social. The Tuck Shop is the perfect small, local, friendly eatery that I wish was next door. There is a small bar, a cozy sitting area, and a small but spacious dining area. The service was friendly and attentive all the way through dinner. After a short 10 minute wait, we were seated at a table for 2...so I only had to socialize with my date....whehhhw! The mac and cheese with lobster was great, perfect comfort food, although I thought the lobster was slightly overcooked. Still, the lobster was all claw meat, hard to go wrong there. The oxtail stew hot pocket was amazing. I sure never had that option out of the microwave after school. Finally, we had the pork chop, which was equally as good. The oxtail hot pocket has my mouth watering now. Comfort food may be a trend, but the food is not trendy and neither is the decor, very homey and comfortably modern. This place looks great, feels great, and the food tastes great, no hollow facade at the Tuck Shop.
3	Last time we visited there seemed to be an issue with salt. The macaroni and cheese and skirt steak were very over-salted. To the point where I was (TMI here) bloated before I even finished eating. Service was a little slow, too, which was frustrating when it came to drinks. Tuck Shop, I am hoping this was just an off night, because I really, really do love you!!!
4	So wifey and I decided to check this place out for our monthly date night. It's a cool little spot around 12th st and Oak, in the middle of a neighborhood. The decor is very modern, but warm and inviting. We opted to get an appetizer and a few of the small plates rather than the larger plates they had. They had a balanced but approachable wine list, I had an awesome Tempranillo for under 10 bucks a glass!  We opted for the crispy shrimp and okra for the appetizer, which came with this spicy banana sauce and this cool yogurt sauce.  I really really liked this dish, the okra was great and the shrimp were succulent and perfectly cooked. Not sure about the banana sauce, but overall a great dish. We then decided to get the stuffed dates with crispy Schreiner's Chorizo and Manchego. It came with dressed spinach, prob one of my fave dishes in Phoenix right now!  We also ordered the macaroni and cheese and I forgot to mention the toasted bread and roasted garlic we ordered. The bread and garlic was just okay, nothing special.  I, surprisingly, was not a fan of the mac and cheese either, it seemed very grainy (I know it was chock full of parmesan so that's probably what it was, but it was just unappealing to me). Overall this place has potential. I'll definitely go back, especially because we got out with 3 glasses of wine and 4 small dishes with tax and tip for under $70.00!!
4	Finally, after many months after finding out of this place, we decided to go for a date night. It was as good as I had previously read and we intend to go back. My husband feels this place isn't appropriate for take-out food and perhaps he is right. We both had a glass of wine, (husband had two) and started with the grill baguette with creamy roasted garlic/olive oil  and the crispy shrimp/okra. The baguette dish was okay but I am always a sucker for bread dishes. It was $5 but I was just remarking to my husband that at St Francis, they brought us bread with olive oil complimentary. So basically, at Tuck Shop we paid for the roasted garlic. But, hey, I am not complaining...they gotta make money, right? The crispy shrimp and okra was so delicious and I rarely go for the fried dishes. I really loved it. The batter was light, flaky and it came with two sauces (One sweet and spicy and the other an herbed yogurt sauce). I don't generally go for yogurt sauces but really liked this one. To share, we ordered the mac and cheese and the Medjool dates. I don't really like dates but my husband really wanted to try them. Boy, am I glad he did. They were stuffed with chorizo and cheese with a bed of dressed arugula to the side. I could have eaten the arugula for days. It had this oiled, salty dressing that reminded me of the dressing they use on salads at Korean BBQ in Mesa. So good. And not to forget the fig that was also delicious. It didn't have an overly fig taste which might be why I liked it as much as I did. The mac and cheese was really good, too, but not my husband's taste. He felt the cheese was a little grainy but it was reminiscent, to me, of a parmesan sauce which can be grainy. I loved it. It had bits of what I think was bacon and very yummy. I actually had the mac/cheese  leftovers for lunch today and it was still as good. The decor was nice although my husband was a little put off by the fact that it seemed like a higher end restaurant that used paper napkins and put paper covering on the tables. He also felt like with the wide open dining space, it felt like a high end cafe. I can see his points but they didn't bother me. Our bill was approx $57 which for three glasses of wine and splitting four plates, was pretty good. We were very content with the amount of food we ate. The menu wasn't very extensive but that's okay. Like I said, we would definitely go back and try some other things on the menu.
4	We've been wanting to hit up Tuck Shop for quite some time now, and I was pleased that we finally did. It's hidden away in south phoenix on Oak, in an unassuming neighborhood. Very quaint, and cute, just an overall warm, friendly vibe. We had about a 30 minute wait for our own table, and we enjoyed some riesling and red zinfandel while we waited in the "reading room". The staff was friendly, but not overly intrusive, and very efficient. We started with medjool dates with chorizo served over a bed of arugula (great, fresh, and hearty flavors), and the parsnip and potato fries with mushroom gravy (this was the only dish on the bland side). Our main courses were split between the two of us, and included the times mac n cheese with lobster (incredibly delicious, topped with fresh, tender lobster meat), and the citrus brined fried chicken with white cheddar waffles (the waffles were fantastic, as was the flavor of the chicken, I just was a bit disappointed with the veiny, dark purple splotches throughout my thigh piece, but the breast and drums were perfect). Overall, we enjoyed our experience, thought the menu was well thought out, not too large, and pricing was fair, and will be back again to try the lobster etouffee.
5	Go and enjoy. Food was superb, service was excellent, Prices are reasonable and despite reviews to the contrary, portions are perfect. If you're looking for food that is piled ten feet high on a plate without regard to taste, the Cheesecake Factory is right up on Camelback.
5	Wowee my taste buds were so happy last night!! The Tuck Shop calls their cuisine "neighborhood comfort food" and they are right in so many ways. The restaurant is located in a neighborhood. In fact, it looks like an old house and doesn't stand out at all except the small "Tuck Shop" neon on the west side of the building. Since it probably was a house at one time, its pretty small. I don't think I saw more than 10 tables. When we arrived, the very friendly host stated it could be up to 45 minutes for a table or at the bar. We stated we'd think about it and surveyed the people waiting and where the guests were at in their meals. The host returned to let us know that the guests at the tables were finishing up faster than he thought, let us know how many were ahead of us, and let us know we could enjoy some cocktails while we waited. We ordered two vodka lemonades and they were awesome. The menu stated it was homemade lemonade and it was delicious. Not too sweet, not too sour, not too tart, and not too much alcohol. We maybe got 1/4 of the way through our drinks when the host returned to let us know there was room at the bar for us. Our bartender/server was very friendly and attentive. We like to order a little of everything and share when we try a new restaurant in order to give an accurate recommendation or decide to return. From the starters, we ordered the herbed potato fries with Gruyere cheese and mushroom gravy; from small plates, we ordered times mac and cheese with crispy prosciutto and herbed breadcrumbs and added lobster; and from the sharing menu, we ordered the citrus-brined fried chicken with white cheddar waffles. The fries were cut steak size and had the perfect balance of crispy outside and soft inside. The cheese had a surprising kick to it. The mushroom gravy was soooooooooo good and reminded me of what my grandma would make. The mac and cheese was fantastic. I wasn't a fan of the lobster, but I'm not really a fan of lobster period. It was added to the top of it rather than mixed in. I recommend not adding the lobster; there's plenty of flavor with the breadcrumbs and prosciutto. A few bites into the mac and cheese, we started to get pretty full and our server actually asked us if we wanted to cancel the chicken and waffles. No way any other restaurant would cancel and extra sale. We told her to bring it out because we had to try it. God I'm glad we did. The waffles were fluffy and sweet. The chicken was juicy and tender. It all went together so amazingly I couldn't stop myself from eating it. I'm happy we got to try so many delicious dishes and look forward to our next visit when I'll only order one item in order to save room for dessert. The people next to us did and it looked phenomenal. We still got to indulge on chocolate chip cookie dough balls that were given to us, rather than mints, with our check. Speaking of check, the 2 vodka lemonades and three dishes came out to about 54 bucks. A smoking deal considering we ate way too much. The Tuck Shop knew the exact route to my heart.
5	This place is dangerous ! The food and service was the best I've had since I moved here to phoenix 4 years ago. I can't wait to go back! We had the fries with Gruyere Cheese served with a side of Mushroom Gravy . The fries could have been a little thinner, but still delicious ! Mac  and Cheese. I can't get enough gruyere, so loved it for that reason. Skirt Steak - OMG , trolley the best thing I put in my mouth.  It was a portion enough two or three and I highly recommend trying it . Grilled Peaches with honey , mascarpone and Pecans- I think this is was what made me fall in love , Like the other food on the menu, simple , fresh and innovative with how the ingredients are used. The mascarpone had honey and cinnamon, I am glad I don't live close because I would eat that every day.  YUMMY !
5	macaroni + cheese = 100% true love  (never have i experienced such a magnificent execution of this equation!)everything about this place is homey, yet sophisticated.  the location, the ambiance, the food - beautifully & seamlessly weave together to create the ultimate culinary experience.when it comes to the food, i really appreciate how such bold statements are made out of such simplicity.  the citrus-brined fried chicken is out-of-this-worldly and the white cheddar waffles made me and my dining partner simultaneously sigh and say "tastes like christmas."  highly recommended if you are feeling decadently comfortable.
5	its know wonder this place was just voted one of the top 10 places in the country to dine at. comfort food at its finest from the service to the food everything was exceptional..small plates are great to share and the entree are just the right size. thursday all night is $5 wine ..will return on another night to try the different specials.  my only draw back was the manger spent his time sitting at the bar maybe should have done the rounds to acknowlegde the patons..creating the great neighborhood place you want to return..
5	This is a neighborhood gem!! We love it & eat here frequently!! The other night I ordered the Vovo special - it was 'portugese surf n turf' (a steak, shrimp & rice) but dont let the simplicity of the dish fool you!! the sauce was heavenly - a demi-glace but better!! we also had the grilled brie sammies for a starter and...well they have brie in them - enough said -yum!! We love that they make all their drink mixers - housemade sodas, it really makes the drinks extra special and delicious.The staff is always fun and friendly...GO!! you will love it!!PS- the savory cupcakes....the BEST (but they sell out quickly!!)
5	I heard about the Tuck Shop on TLC, so I decided to check it out the next time I visited Phoenix. I am glad I did!From the moment I walked in, I knew this was going to be a good experience. The place was busy, so we were seated at the bar until a table was made ready. The bartender was very friendly and engaging, and we enjoyed a couple of delicious appetizers while we waited. My friend asked for a sauce for the deep fried curds and one was mixed and delivered right away.I had the citrus chicken with vanilla waffles for the main course. The chicken was fine but not exceptional. The waffles, however, were fantastic.I am definitely going back the next time I am in Phoenix. Highly recommended.
4	I really like the atmosphere of Tuck Shop.  It is small, unassuming, and very homey.  Actually, it is so unassuming that I missed it on my first drive around.  It would have helped if I was looking at the right side of the street...  On the other hand, the small plates are not that small.  My friend and I shared the crispy shrimp starter and of course chicken and waffles.  That was enough for dinner for two.  The shrimp dish also included asparagus and cauliflower.  All were lightly fried to go with two dipping sauces.  And then there was the much reviewed chicken and waffles.  The waffles with white cheddar were savory and fit for dinner.  It went great with the crispy fried chicken which had a distinct taste that I can't quite describe...  Together it was a well-executed combination of taste and texture: salty and sweet, soft and crispy.  We went on a Tuesday so they had summer cocktails for $3.  That was a steal considering how strong those drinks were.  There you go: great food, great drinks, great price.  Will definitely go back.
4	Stopped into Tuck Shop after work for a happy hour cocktail and a bite to eat on a recommendation from a friend.  Tuck Shop is off the beaten path and well worth popping in.  Half Price glasses of wine were an unexpected treat before 6pm.  Had the Dates stuffed with Chorizo and Gruyere... Excellent.  I'd also recommend the Shrimp, Asparagus & Cauliflower with the dipping sauces.  The sweet one has a pretty interesting base ingredient.  See if you can guess what it is!  Once you recognize it, the flavor overwhelms the sauce, so you may just be better off enjoying the mystery.  The ambiance is pretty cool.  Rather than getting a table or sitting at the bar, We sat on the couch in the reading room.  Excellent mid-century mod chairs, tables and sofa.   Visit Tuck Shop for sure... one of central Phx's gems!  In a sea of strip malls and chain restaurant trash... Tuck Shop is more proof that this city has heart, just gotta poke around.
5	I rarely whip out all 5 of my stars, but Tuck Shop definitely has it coming. What a fantastic local restaurant. John, who met us at the door, was extremely accommodating. While there was a bit of a wait for our table, their lounge felt like an ultra-hip living room and I had no issue taking a seat on one of their couches. John very helpfully navigated us through our wine choices and, before you know it, our table was ready. Craig, our server, did a great job of explaining the menu to a couple of first timers. A couple of small plates, combined with a shared plate, is definitely the way to go. Mac & Cheese.......with lobster. Do I even need to tell you it was good? Kind of a given, isn't it? It was amazing....cheesy and amazing. The shrimp, veggies and dipping sauces rounded out our starters, with the shocking part being that I enjoyed the veggies as much as the shrimp. That is no small compliment.We split the chicken and waffles for our shared dinner. I'm not a super fried chicken guy, but it was very good, and I tried to steal more than my fair share of the waffles. The biggest shock of the Tuck Shop was, "How did we not know this was here?"  We may have been a little late in finding this gem, but now we feel like hip, in-the-know locals. We'll be back again, very soon.
4	Gravy fries. No, great fries, cheese and mushroom gravy make it a holy experience.  Holy gravy fries. I think they will grant me 3 wishes, they're that magical.Delicious homemade ginger ale.Great ambiance.
4	How did we not know about his place until now. Thank you Cy for recommending this! This place is tuck in roundabout in some neighborhood in Phoenix. Its a house that has been renovated and has a chick casual feel. We had scrumptious friend chicken with mac'n cheese, how fun! M was embarrassed because I eagerly eat friend chicken and I should only eat in private, ha! It was good! Server was great. We'll definitely go back!
5	I visited here again in September and was wowed once more.  The service is great, everyone is very friendly and they take the time to talk with you and truly seem to be interested in what you have to say.I visited on a Thursday and had the daily special, the meatloaf. This was seriously the best meatloaf I have ever had... just exploding with taste.  I am going back on a Thursday again!
4	The location, atmosphere, and overall vibe is just right. It's like being in a moderately stylish, worldly friends house. I had the chorizo dates as an appetizer. Delightful! These alone are enough to pull me back anytime I'm in town. The main course was pasta tossed with vegetables, recommended as the special (Vovo's favorite). It was delicious and satisfying as only really good food can be.I was in a group with about ten other people. Raves from all of them as well.This is a swell place off the beaten path in Phoenix and I highly recommend it.
4	I am a low maintenance kinda gal & I have a knack for finding the goods on the cheap. So, while the prices on this menu weren't exactly Denny's, or even Macaroni Grill, for that matter, the experience and quality more than make up for it, thereby placing it in a category In Another Galaxy, Far Far Away. If you enjoy the corporate, droll, scary birthday singers of the former mentions, well then go there & save your 20%. That being said, sometimes you have to fork it over (ok a cheap shot at humor) to experience true cuisine. Upon arriving at Tuck Shop at 6:30 on a Saturday night with no reservation, we were warmly greeted by what appeared to be the manager, not sure why I'm saying that, just a hunch. The construction of the restaurant was either a former house or reconstructed to look like one, complete with a family room filled with books, coffee tables & art to the side of the dining area. I don't know why a reviewer felt that this restaurant didn't offer privacy. There were several options of seating if you did not have the bigger parties occupying the large, banquet like seating in the middle. We were immediately addressed by our server, who went over the menu, took our drink order and brought them very quickly.We decided on the Spinach Salad with parmesan tuiles, caramelized prosciutto & shaved roasted sweet potato. I think there was some sort of light citrus dressing, amazing. The flavors were so complimentary and it tasted totally natural & unprocessed, yay. Then, we shared the bread with the roasted garlic, hmmmmm. Even the olive oil tasted high quality! Then, on to the Vodka cream sauce ravioli stuffed with cremini mushrooms & veal, wow. My girlfriend & I shared this all & it was perfect for us, though neither of us have very large appetites. However, we were STUFFED. I asked the bartender to add a shot of vodka to my "homemade" lemonade, which was perfect. The lemonade reminds me of the fresh not too sweet variety I used to get with my family on summer trips to Mexico. I just couldn't order dessert but there really were only 2 selections. I think our server was Cray or Gray, something like that, he was awesome, so professional & very easygoing. Attentive to times we were in conversation as well, would just do what was needed & carry on, nice touch. Will definitely go w/ my hubby - that place is right up his alley! hope we get Cray, Gray, Clay???? again.........
5	Phoenix Magazine got it right naming this little neighborhood jewel as one of "The Best New Restaurants in Phoenix!" Service was attentive and helpful with the very eclectic menu.Have ordered five dishes that were each unique ("Roasted Beets"), satisfying ("Fried Chicken and Waffles"). very tasty ("Catfish Oscar") and a twist on the normal ("Garden Salad"). Desserts, based on the "Pear Cake," are absolutely out of this world and NOT to be missed! In addition to my savoring the selections, adjacent diners were raving about their selections, different from mine, as well!Will easily, with one or two more visits, become my "Favorite in Phoenix," if both the quality and taste continue to excel and somehow I believe they will.
5	The list of Tuck Shop awesomeness keeps growing. Three words: "ginger ale" and "dessert." Each are worth every calorie! I had always skipped dessert here because the novel cookie dough bite was enough to satisfy; but, then, I had a bite of someone's cake here and it was fantastic! So fantastic, the memory of it compelled me to encourage a dinner companion to pass on dessert at a northeast Scottsdale (we're talking practically Fountain Hills) restaurant and make the trek to Tuck Shop JUST for dessert! Unfortunately, it was a Monday and they were closed so I had to go with an alternate. Point remains: the dessert inspired the drive. Keep sharing your food and save room for dessert!
5	How have I not reviewed this place?  It is one of my favorites spots in Phoenix. It's one of the very few that I will say little about, other than to say that without question, you should eat there.  That's it. If you want a great meal, wonderful service, and super-cute decor, hit up Tuck Shop. Stop reading Yelp.com and go NOW!(when you get there, try the gin and tonic. they make their own tonic water!)
4	This place is great.   The food, decor and service are top-notch.  The only reason I knock it one star is "location".  The neighborhood it's in is uninspiring.  However, some people might enjoy the "tucked away" feel of the place.  The macaroni and cheese with lobster and the brined chicken are off the hook.
4	(Just noticed that I never finished this one. Many many months later, here's the review...)My very sweet husband knew I'd been wanting to try Tuck Shop for a while, so he surprised me with a Mother's Day brunch here.  First of all, I love the look of the place.  Kind of a contemporary log cabin.  They have a great little waiting area, very much like a cozy living room.  Their brunch set up was unique.  Not all served by a waiter, not all buffet; a little bit of both.  They had two entrees to choose from so my husband and I ordered both (duh).  The biscuits and sausage gravy was fantastic.  Creamy, peppery, and delicious.  The other entree was crab cakes.The buffet had fresh fruits, grilled veggies, yogurt and toast.Loved our mother's day experience here, and we're anxious to go back and try it for a date night sometime!
4	A hidden away place I'd heard about but not yet had the tasty pleasure of visiting. Thanks two huge fans who live nearby, I finally corrected this oversight.Split a bowl of their tasty chorizo stuffed dates as an appetizer, which was a mistake. Not the dates, the splitting.  These are "Get Your Own Dates" sort of dates, and I suggest trying them all by your lonesome.Went on a Wednesday so the Vovo Special was Fish & Chips. It was quite tasty, but I think I would have rather tried some of the Mac & Cheese I've heard so much about, or one of their other dishes.  But I'll quite likely be returning, so not a problem at all to remedy.
5	An incredible dining experience.  I would expect this restaurant to surface in San Francisco, Brooklyn, or Silverlake but not Phoenix.  The menu is soul/comfort food that is reasonably priced and served up in a warm, hip, atmosphere.  I was with a party of 5 and we split all of our small plates and entrees - each was better than the next!  We sat at a long table that was shared with another party and it felt like we were dining at a friends house.  Our server, Aron, was really friendly and helpful.Also recommend splitting the $20 bottle of wine.  I think they switch up which varieties will get this "special" but I had a cabernet which did the trick.  In all, I wish more restaurants were like Tuck Shop.
5	I sit here, bored, reading reviews of places I want to go, and realized that I haven't reviewed Tuck Shop myself.  It's Monday, and the only thing I can think of is having dinner at Tuck Shop again.  But alas, they are closed on Mondays!  Argh!   Regardless, visions of cheese curds dance in my head, and the smell and taste of the fragrant and fresh salads tickle my fancy still.  The service is unparalleled in the central Phoenix area, parking is ample, and OMG, the desserts are to die for.  If you want a treat, you have to dine here.  Take your time and enjoy your servers recommendations and fine wine list.  You shouldn't be disappointed.
5	Thoroughly enjoyed the Skirt Steak plus the dessert of the day, a chocolate pudding with a cakey covering was delightful. Cant wait to go back!
5	Wow. Tuck Shop is totally one of those places that you want to remain hidden so you can have it all to yourself, but you feel torn because it is so incredibly amazing, that you know it deserves to be really successful. But moving on; ever since my first visit to the Tuck Shop 2 months ago, I have returned 4 times. Each time a friend is visiting town I take them there because it is such a crowd pleaser. Like everyone said, you could just point to anything on the menu and be satisfied. I order the mac and cheese with lobstah~ every time but I've also tried the roasted beets, chickory salad, tamales, and chicken and waffles. All so so good. The cheese curds also out of this world!They have good drink specials also!
4	Great prices and great food! Loved the menu selections and the small plates that allowed us to try many different plates. The chili and mac and cheese was amazing! Really enjoyed the service and happy hour menu was awesome as well. Cool ambiance and the service was great as well. Their drink selection is quite different as well which was awesome to get a little different tastes throughout the meal. Would go here much more often if I lived closer!
5	The difference between 4 and 5 stars, in my opinion, is the little things that make a restaurant just over the top. Tuck Shop has that, in spades. We've been meaning to try the place since we saw it on some TV show last summer, and finally on a random Saturday night took the plunge.At 6:15 the place was already packed, with a 45 minute wait for a table for two. Luckily, the host (John, I believe the owner?) suggested sitting at the  bar, which was open. The bar has nifty hooks for a lady's purse right under the counter (so the purse doesn't touch the floor) which made my wife smile.Laura, the bartender, immediately made sure we felt very much at home with a friendly and very attentive attitude as we ordered, easily answering the questions of all the bar patrons.My wife's smile got a lot larger as we ordered non-alcoholic drinks: I had iced tea (the Republic of Tea's darjeeling in a bottle, but only $3) and she had Ginger Ale: house-made from real ginger, with tonic water and lime. It was FANTASTIC, wow!Based on the TV show, we first had the beer-battered cheese curds, which were quite tasty - peppery with a great light cheese flavor, and just enough for a taste for both of us for $4.We then ordered two items off the "smaller plates" portion of the menu  -- think of them as appetizers. They are a bit pricy ($9 each) but two of them would make a nice little meal. First was the stuffed mejool dates with chorizo. I would never have thought of the combination, but they were truly delicious! Served on a bed of arugula that had a great lemon tang, the arugulu really added to the flavor of the dates instead of just being a throw-away bed of greens.Next was another TV Show mention, the Times Mac & Cheese. Very very good! A bit of spice and good high-end cheese choices made my wife's smile grow into tasty little yummy noises.By now, we knew we'd be back.We then decided to split a main course (the menu calls them "for sharing" but I'd call it a single person entree, in the $20 range): the pork chop with kugel (noodles) and salsa verde. The chop was perfectly cooked, and the salsa verde was clearly homemade and very very good. I'd have liked a bit more of the salsa and less of the sour cream, but thats really personal taste. The kugel was an interesting side and was good.Finally, we decided to split the peach cobbler for desert. As you'll probably expect by now, it was excellent, with a nice cinnamon flavor with tasty homemade whipped cream and biscuit.All in all, a fabulous meal for a decent price: Laura the bartender helped make this a great meal we've already talked to friends about going back!
5	Tuck is certainly "tucked" away in the neighborhood that is has landed itself.  What a pleasant surprise!  When we Looked at the place from outside, we automatically knew that it was fitting for what we were looking for, small, but open and well lit but also good ambiance.  There is one large family size table for a party of 10.  The rest of the tables are two tops and four tops. We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door and treated very well.  Now the food.....we started with cheese curds that were very tender and absolutely delicious and very lightly fried. The Mac and cheese is amazing!!! There was no real ingredient  that jumped out at us, the overall combination of ingredients made this a truly delicious dish.  I highly recommend this.  We then had the skirt steak which was also extremely tender, the rub they used had a slight kick to it, but not overpowering. It was served with potatoes and lentil combination, that was simply delicious. The skirt steak was fabulous!  We were not impressed with the garlic and bread for $5.00 and would have been happy with the baguette bread (plain)  but they charged 2.00 for that. Overall I love this place and will certainly be back for more flavor challenges.
5	Oh WOW!!!! I've only heard about this place through the reviews on Yelp, and from those alone I KNEW I had to go here! So the hubs and I set out on Saturday night at about 630ish. We arrived and it was already pretty busy. All the tables were seated and there were people in the lounge area. However the bar was open, and we could be seated immediately, so we snagged a couple stools. We were hungry and wanted to try a couple things. For starters we got the cheese curds and the fries and gravy. The curds were ok, I would have liked a crunchier batter on them, but they were seasoned very well. the Fries and gravy were the show stopper of the appetizers! herbed parsnips and potato's, Gruyere cheese and THE MOST heavenly mushroom gravy. Seriously soooooo good! Next up were the shrimp po'boys. They are served on freaken popovers!!!! These little gems were mouth watering! And I really don't eat a whole lot of shrimp, but damn! Last was the main event. Citrus brined fried chicken and white cheddar cheese waffles! GOOD LORD!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I cant stop thinking about that meal! We had a couple glasses of wine and some of that house made ginger ale, phenominal!The bartender/our waitress was soooo friendly, loved her! The atmosphere was pretty chill. The location is kinda ghetto...not the building, its beautiful, but its in a neighborhood that's a touch iffy, but whatev, I'll go anywhere for great food! Oh yeah, and I forgot to mention, they bring a little ball of cookie dough out as a bite of dessert, FOR FREE! Just the right amount after the feast we had! We will for sure be going back, hopefully the bar will be open, because they were quoting people 45 minute waits all night long and I am sooo not down for that kind of wait.
4	What a great little find! Tuck Shop has been on my radar for awhile because of Yelp, so when a friend suggested trying it, I jumped at the chance. First of all, I really liked the atmosphere. There was nothing particularly outstanding about it, but it just had a cool and cozy vibe. The service was awesome - we had a really nice waiter and a couple other people checking on us through out the night. The menu is designed for sharing - which I love to do, so my friend and I ordered a several dishes. We each had a salad. I had the Chicory Salad (hazelnuts, roasted squash, endive, and desert honey-chestnut buttermilk). It's not that often that I go crazy about a salad, but this one was exceptionally delicious. I loved the roasted squash and the dressing had a very slight spicy undertone (cayenne?) that was so good. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. My friend had the Baby Lettuce Salad (avocado, fennel, orange-pomegranate vinaigrette) which was very good, but she was jealous of mine. We shared the finger sandwiches (brie, honey, walnuts); fries and gravy (parsnips & potatoes with melted gruyere and a mushroom gravy dipping sauce); the mac and cheese. All were good, but I'd probably only order the mac and cheese again.All this with a glass of wine made for a pretty great meal. I'm excited to go back!
4	This is a great place. Everything for the most part tasted fresh and yummy. Except I thought the catfish and crabcake dinner entree was too heavy and salty. It's not enough to deter me from coming back and trying something else though. 4.5 stars.
3	Let me start by saying that I have friends...fussy friends...who LOVE this place.  That said, for me Tuck Shop is good, but not great.  The positives:The building is immaculate.  Is is a gorgeous midcentury remodel and I love it.Great top shelf liquor and homemade ginger beer (they serve Hendrick's Gin as their house gin...need I say more?)I love the homecooking conceptTuck Shop is embedded in the Coronado neighborhood.  I love that it has truly established itself as a neighborhood fixture, where locals walk to dine on a regular basis.  This is a fun, comfortable, upscale neighborhood hang out.The negatives?  From a food standpoint...important for a restaurant...Tuck Shop doesn't quite get to the finish line.  I think the food is ok, but not great.  I have been to the Tuck Shop a number of times and tried a variety of items on the menu and have yet to be wowed.  My feedback on just about everything I have eaten is, "It's a little too bland."
4	One of my favorite things to do is try new places when traveling, and I am so glad the I stumbled upon Tuck Shop! The food was amazing! The small plates are perfect for sharing and trying a variety of different items. The mac and cheese was divine, my favorite. The drinks were delicious as well; I'm not much of a mixed drink or sweet drink person, but whatever I had off their happy hour menu was absolutely delicious. So delicious, that I got two. I loved the rustic, Southern feel of Tuck Shop - both the environment and the food. The staff was friendly and the service was great. I will definitely be making my way back to Tuck Shop next time I'm in town!
4	Tuck Shop is one of those places I keep hearing about but never drive past- no wonder-Bin Laden could be wintering there. Its tucked away (haha) around Thomas, but is definitely part of this new movement of neighborhood joints that I love. Small, beautifully designed, with plenty of parking- we chilled on a couch for a bit and then found a table. The menu is limited, but that's ok. I was with someone who keep kosher, which eliminated all but a few options (at the end of the meal, we mentioned this and were told that accommodations could have been made to any dish on the menu, shame on us for not asking earlier). Either way, dinner was awesome. We started with Riesling, beets and crostini off the app menu. A whole head of garlic comes with the crostini...it was great. The roasted beets though were the true star...in a creamy mustard sauce, they were awesome.  Dinner was a skirt steak, mashed potatoes and a blood orange salad. The salad was truly wonderful, with a great light dressing. The steak was good, but I have to say, what the Tuck Shop does with veggies really stands out. If I'd ordered without restriction, I'm sure I wouldn't have ordered them, and I'd have missed out. On a return visit, I might go just with veggies. The service was really lovely- we had an entertaining and fun waiter who was around just enough. Food appeared quickly, was cleared invisibly, and we never had to look for him. He was a delight. If I lived near Tuck Shop, I'd be there all the time.
4	Had the special which was fish and chips which was pretty good, however the fish fell apart and was a little bland without the tartar sauce and the fries that accompanied it were delicious, nice large serving. My father shared his chicken and waffles with me which were also quite good, the chicken was also on the bland side, but the waffles with maple butter were delicious. The chocolate cake for desert was good. Good atmosphere and the service was attentive and quick.
5	A++ for service - friendly without being pushy, well-mannered without being pretentious. Our guy Craig was awesome and we are high maintenance the first time we try a place!  What a saint. A+ for the heavenly "slightly dirty" martini that came out perfectly as smooth as silk.Knocked it out of the park on the menu selections.  Every item we ordered delivered 100% for flavor, presentation and freshness.  We LOVED the cheese curds, smooth creamy and just a hint of the batter flavor to round things out NO dipping necessary, they are perfect just the way God made 'em. Red Beans & Rice was Spousal Unit's favorite - the smoke from the sausage and the zesty sauce in the dish had so much personality, adding grilled shrimp perfectly done was a bonus.  Trust me he has eaten that dish EVERYWHERE and this one got a standing ovation!  GO, GO NOW and support this local eatery.  This is the perfect Date Night Location!
3	Good but not great.  I love the architecture and the location.  (Right next to the venerable old, North High School, my alma mater).  I think it is just a smidge pricey for what you get.  Service is good.  I like the re-imagining of comfort food.  I love the fact that they have a corner devoted to old-school games (reminds me of rainy days in elementary school at the school library).  The food is tasty but for some reason just lacks that extra "spark".  It's like a second date with a guy you like, but are still on the fence about.  You try making out again....thinking this time there will be fireworks and you think, this is good.  But is it great?  That said, will still go there.  The drinks are great.  Dessert is still the big weak spot in my opinion (which contributes to the lower score) but I can't say that it is first on my list for a great date.
4	Great ambience and food to live for! A sure bet with a neighborhood feel, Rib's are delicious!
5	Simple and fresh atmosphere, great background music, and DELICIOUS, unique food. Even the water was delicious (cucumber).My husband and I went on a Friday night around 6:30pm and were seated right away, but had we come any later there would have been a wait.We didn't get any drinks (I'm too cheap) but I'm definitely going back on a week-day for their drink specials.We ordered the grilled vegetables and hummus to start (which weren't on the menu) and I'm still fantasizing about them. This was my favorite part of the meal. Then we had the chickory salad, also delectable. I don't even know what was in it, but it's clear that the chefs are creative and great at what they do. To finish off, we ordered the chicken and waffles. This was 100% my husband's doing - I'm not a huge fan of fried chicken, but I was still so satisfied with the starter that nothing could ruin my meal - for fried chicken, it was really good. And I loved the cheesy waffles!Also, service was great. Fun experience!
5	We've been to Tuck Shop a couple of times. We recommend a reservation for peak weekend hours since the place is tiny. We've had the same slightly snotty, disinterested waiter both times, but bar service has been a bit friendlier.Can't say enough about the amazing food. I believe we actually fought over the waffles last time. I'd pass on the lobster mac if i went back, but most everything else was delicious. Definitely recommend this for a date night. It's the perfect neighborhood restaurant!
5	What a great find! Our last night in Phoenix, we were looking for somewhere to go. It was late and a couple of our picks were already closed, luckily I took a look at our hotel's reco'd places and Tuck Shop jumped out at me. Naturally we consulted Yelp and we were on our way. An unassuming building on a quiet street, you may never know what wonderfulness is inside by passing by. Upon entering you immediately feel the vibe of the place. A bit homey, a bit classy and totally upbeat. A bunch of wooden tables with mismatched chairs, a long communal table, a corner lounge and a bar is simply decorated so that the true star of your visit can be in the spotlight...the food. Our friendly waitress explained that the menu is designed for sharing, which I love, and is split into 3 sections: Starts, Smaller Plates and For Sharing. We ordered 1 from each. Starts: Fries and Gravy. A sophisticated version of the diner fries with brown gravy and mozzarella I used to order back in the day. This was an awesome dish! Potato and parsnip fries, with melted Gruyere cheese served with a side of mushroom gravy. I have never wanted to pick up a bowl of gravy and drink it until I tasted their mushroom gravy. It was amazing! The mixture of fries paired with the cheese and gravy was just perfect. Smaller Plates: Mac & Cheese with prosciutto and herbed breadcrumbs. Yum! I loved the texture and smokiness that the prosciutto added. For Sharing: I've never had Chicken and Waffles before and when I saw it on the menu I knew that's what I needed to order. The white cheddar waffles were unlike anything I have had. They were airy and light and so flavorful and delicious! I could have had a huge plate of those waffles and been super happy. The fried chicken was incredibly juicy and crisp and wonderful. We didn't order dessert, but you automatically get chocolate chip dough balls, which is such a cute idea! Now I am left wondering how I can get them to open a location in Queens. Everything was great. Nice selection of wine and beer. The service and atmosphere are great.
4	we came close to closing, and were seated around 9:30. it was very good of them to seat us, given the kitchen closes at 10! the drink menu was ok, my dining companion ordered a white russian and they didn't have the ingredients, which i found odd, given their depth of menu. the  menu! wonderful! we dined under the "cooler weather" menu, let's face it, it never gets cold in Phoenix. i can say this, i lived there for 5 years. regardless, we had the chicory salad, complete with hazelnuts, roasted squash, endive, and this wonderful honey chestnut buttermilk dressing.  this salad was DELICIOUS. i was sort of sad we shared it 4 ways. the complete opposite of salad, FRIES and GRAVY, of course we ordered. wow. amazing also. the gravy! this luscious mushroom goodness. listen, i do not like parsnips, but put Gruyere and herbs on it, I'm in. this dish was absolutely worth ruining your diet to consume. for main meals we split the chicken and waffles. i am really happy we did. huge portion, and super tasty.  white cheddar waffles? are you kidding me? yum. the batter on the chicken was just a fuzz salty but, overall, the dish was exactly what i did/didn't need. (considering the fried nature of it.)our fellow dining companions talked us into the crapes for dessert, pretty standard. the bill comes with chocolate chip cookie dough balls, about the size of marbles. unique! the waiter seemed nice and tolerated us, given that we probably made him stay extra late. we left around 11pm and the kitchen closed at 10. but we were not the only ones left, and doesn't that always make everyone feel better?i'm sad this place wasn't open when lived in Phoenix, it's really splendid and i absolutely suggest you go.
5	Wowza. This place is G-double O- GOOD. We were with another couple and decided to share everything and I'm so happy we did because I wanted to taste EVERYTHING. We started with the Mac & Cheese (of course we added lobster, cause when they spell it lobstah...you kinda have to), the dates, and the fries/gravy. All stellar. I was pleasantly surprised at how yummy the dates were. For mains we got the chicken and waffles and skirt steak. Both very good but we were all getting pretty full at this point. The chicken was seriously good. Great flavor and we the one breast was absolutely perfectly cooked. I literally just used my fork and it was like butter. The fiance also found his new favorite beer and the manager spent some time explaining the label and the history of it which was really cool. The cookie balls at the end were really yummy too. Who doesn't like balls?!
4	I just went to the Tuck Shop for my birthday and yay I love it!  A friend recommended it to me and always being one to try new, local places I thought it'd be perfect for my birthday dinner.  Not to mention they were one of the few places that actually accepted reservations (for parties 6+) on a Friday night.  So 10 of my friends and I tried the Tuck Shop for the first time and I think we all walked away extremely satisfied!  My initial impression was one of joy.   It's a great location in Central Phoenix.  Love the decor, simple but fresh.  In no particular order, here's what I have to say I appreciated about my first experience at the Tuck Shop: -great ambiance-knowledgeable, attentive and friendly staff-waiter previewed foods by our table as they were coming out and he was walking them to other tables  (ingenious, pretty sure we ordered everything he showed us!  good sales technique TS!) -sufficient and close parking -we were seated exactly at the time of my reservation (that never happens!) -constant flow of people but never felt overcrowded-could hear each other speaking, good background vibe-cucumber waterOk, now on to the food review! I did Yelp it first (of course) to see what people had to say about this new find and what should be consumed.   We started with appetizers, pretty sure we ordered 1 of everything.  Roasted vegetables (not on the menu) were my favorite.  Red pepper hummus was delicious.  Lavosh and plum chutney were very tasty as well.  The cheese curds, oh magically transported me back to the midwest (I'm from Iowa originally)... yes, that was good cheese!   Now on to the main course.  My friend, mom and I decided to split 2 entrees between the 3 of us.  Wish we would have known that 1 entree would have been plenty!   Portions were quite generous.We ordered the chicken and waffles, because surely Yelp could not lead us astray, right?   The second dish we ordered was the Pork T-Bone with broccolini.   The chicken and waffles came first, so we all dug in excitedly.     Yelpers... I'm a little disappointed, I must say!  For as rave of the reviews that were there, I think my expectations were a little too high.  Well, let me clarify  - the waffles, ooh the waffles!   Yes, I agree with the collective Yelp voice...they were divine!  White cheddar with maybe a cheddar sauce on top?   It literally melted in your mouth.  If you could get it to your mouth, that is, because they were so soft and fluffy they fell apart on your fork  (not complaining about that at all, just letting you know what to expect).  The chicken...well, again, I'm from Iowa originally.  I grew up on a farm that raised chickens, so perhaps that plus the Yelp reviews had my expectations utterly and ridiculously off base.  Or did they?   I thought the chicken was dry and hard to eat.  We had to ask for a steak knife.  For chicken?  A steak knife?   The 2nd entree was the Pork t-bone.   Well, I sampled a bite of the pork and it was delicious.  Where we lacked in the first dish, I think the Pork T-Bone made a full recovery and then some.  But by then we were all so full that we just boxed the entire entree up and it's still sitting in my fridge. Maybe I'll do a leftover quality review tomorrow... however, the sample of the potatoes and pork do leave me salivating a little as I write this.   The rest of the group ordered the following: red beans and rice, tamales, finger sandwiches, salad, and mac & cheese (hold the lobstah).    I tried a bite of the mac & cheese and it was tasty!   Everyone seemed to enjoy their food immensely, I think it was clean plates all around.  So, would I order the chicken and waffles again?  Waffles are tempting, but I don't think so.   Would I go back to the Tuck Shop again?  Most definitely!!!   Creative menu, great ambiance, delicious food overall.   I'm in!  Love it!
5	Found the Tuck Shop on my Urban Spoon AP and what a grand surprise it ended up being!  In the heart of Coronado this little house has been transformed to a true Phoenix jewel!The food was amazing..we had pork with a pasta and broccoli.  The pork had two amazing sauces that my boyfriend I argued over which was the better.  The pasta was okay a bit of a cumin flavor but great once we mixed it with the pork's sauce.  The broccoli was a great fresh touch.  The manager came over and spent some time talking to us more about the menu and plans to open another place with a different menu soon.  A must try if you are a down town kinda person!  The crowd  was a mix of tshirts casual to formal and the patrons ages ranged just as much.  The menu changes with the season so go check it out!  Only complaint I've heard from people I've recommended was the lack of choice if you are a vegetarian.
5	We went to Tuck Shop the other night and wowser! The food is fricking delicious. So we started with the chicory salad, which was amazing. I am still day dreaming about the roasted hazelnuts and squash. We then devoured the dates stuffed with chorizo and cheese. It tastes exactly what it sounds like and it goes so well together. On to the larger sharing plate of chicken and waffles . . . this was simply heavenly. The meat of the chicken was so juicy and tender and the nice hue of rosemary and citrus was just perfect. The cheddar infused waffle was light and fluffy and gave the crust of the waffle a nice cheesy taste. The best part was the maple gravy-like syrup, which was something I have never experienced. Both of us were in silence and trying to savor every bite. I forgot to mention the fabulous drink specials Tuesday through Thursdays. I knew the moment I saw all their mixed drinks with ginger ale that I was going to love this place. I could have drank spiced rum and ginger ale and the "dark and stormy" all night. I love the idea of sharing plates because you get a variety without getting uncomfortably full. I wish a lot more restaurants had this concept. The ambiance was simple and cute with each table having purposeful mismatched chairs. My partner noticed that the seats of all the chairs were the same, which was a very smart design for equality of comfort. Tuck Shop you get all 5 stars for taste, selection, and ambiance.
5	I have totally fallen in love at Tuck Shop.  Everything here is fantastic.  My friend and I come here about twice a month and enjoy some snacks and wine.  The beer battered Cheese Curds may just change your life for the better... we are seriously tempted to each get our own order. (I am not very good at sharing and i always get what I want!   ...No i'm not an only child... well, maybe I was until i was 11, how did you know.  WAH!)   Oh, and Laura is fantastic.  She always takes great care of us as we enjoy a glass of wine on the couch in the reading room.  Thursday's special is meat loaf... don't deny yourself, just indulge.  :)
5	I try to reserve my 5 stars for really special occasions. On this occasion, I tried so hard to find something wrong in order to reserve a star for myself. My greedy little hands wanted to keep the fifth star, but after dessert was served the food coma relaxed me enough so the fifth star could be pried from my hands. The cheese curds were fantastic; the classy urban socialite version of the curds you find at the Wisconsin state fair. A little salty...but they're CHEESE CURDS. The mac and cheese was amazing, we had ours sans prosciutto. I ate the shrimp poboys which blew my mind, and the salad was great as well. The thing that took it over the top was the dessert. Banana something-or-another cake. Eat the cake. Eat two. If I were to eat nothing but this cake for the rest of my life, my life would still be AWESOME.I was amazed at the atmosphere. This is the kind of place you walk in and expect douchebags. Having a look around, I saw normal folks; teachers off of work, jeans and shirts dudes, and grandma and grandpa. I am dreading the day this place is taken over by the douchebag hipster crowd. Stay classy, Tuck Shop.I also want to add that the bartender with the tattoo on the back of her right arm did a great job. She was killin' it that evening. Great service.
4	I must confess, this review is way way over due. And there is not excuse, though if you would accept that the dog ate my review I might try and tell you that is exactly what happened. In actuality I was looking through my reviews today and noticed this one was never written. The hubby and I went to tuck shop in November. Yup, that long ago. We stopped in before enjoying the art walk. I'm a really big fan of the location, I love all the historic homes, any excuse to drive through these lovely neighborhoods works for me. And the building they are housed in, beautiful. I really love how they set this up. The dining room is lovely and I look forward to taking advantage of using the huge table in the middle of the dining room for a birthday or other celebration in the future. Service was good, our waiter was very helpful and knowledgeable of the menu. I really love the bottled tea they served. Now for the important part, the reason I am writing this review so long after the fact: the chorizo stuffed dates, covered in gouda. OMG. I mean really. OMG. These suckers are like little pieces of heaven. My husband and I could not get enough. Sweet and spicy and smoky. I now serve my attempt at them at every family gathering, I think they are making my mother-in-law start to hate me a little less, so special thanks for that Tuck. We also had the cheese curds, another first, and they were good. And we split the rib dinner. Those ribs, oh boy, the meat just melted off of the bone in the absolute best way possible. My husband was none too impressed by the cole slaw, but its hard for any cole slaw to stand out in a meal like that. My only gripe, like some of the other reviewers, is the price to portion ratio. We only had four of those mind blowing dates, which would be fine, if the price was better proportioned to the size. I felt a tad bit taken on the ribs also, again small portion for the price. This is the only reason I haven't been able to talk the hubby into another visit as of yet.
5	I recommend this to everyone.  I have never had a bad meal here.  Inexpensive, great service, off the beaten path. Love this place.
4	**for whatever's it's worth here's my very old, unfinished...Tuck Shop Review: After several loopy-de-loops and a quick text to Google Find, our little group of three happily found the charming neighborhood Tuck Shop, last night after the Luna Festival. This is a place where you can go and feel welcomed and familiar. A place where the food is not over-seasoned and the service is friendly and attentive. While the atmosphere, music, low light and cool mini art gallery makes you relaxed...the food service was prompt. At Tuck Shop, they've embraced the sharing concept, which is what probably excited my companions the most. I am one that normally does not enjoy sharing my food in equal portions...you may have a bite, but the rest is all mine! Although we did not sit at the bar, we appreciated the detail of purse hooks under the counter. And noted both the casual choice of miscellaneous dining chairs .... (**please note, this review was started in march of 2009...prior to finding out I was pregnant. Needless to say, I forgot all about this review in progress and now may 2011, it's been so long since I ate here, that I can't even remember what exactly we ate. But, I definitely remember I enjoyed the food, whatever it was! ...loved the vibe of the place and I'd love to venture back to phoenix just to try it again, so that I can give a proper review and see if it can keep it's 4 stars from me.)
5	5 stars if the place would stand out anywhere - it would.Many adaptive re-uses to get to today and a wonderfully comfortable "little plate" restaurant where you can dine bench-style and meet strangers if you're so inclined.  It served as a postal credit union and traveling carnival workers union safe house among its prior incarnations...The chef is an artist and the prices absurdly low.We stopped in for a light dinner at 9PM on a Saturday night - and were the next in line.  Many of the diners had biked there - the long bike rack was jammed,  Several people after us enjoyed the living room waiting room, others the big screen TV at the bar while awaiting a table.Three of us - ordered 2 small plates and the sharing special.  It was just enough - any more and we would've been too stuffed.  11 bucks each before tip.Toasted baguette covering melted brie and walnuts, accompanied by shaved veggie crisps, potatoes and parsnips frites accompanied by mushroom soup [they called it gravy but that implies flour and fat], pork and beef ravioli in a heavenly roasted tomato sauce.  Finished with chocolate chip cookie dough balls - desserts were sold out.I could eat here every day...
4	Wow...we really had a GREAT night at Tuck Shop. I am so close to giving 5 stars but i'm going to save that for my next visit. We (our little dinner group) went armed with an appetite and having read other YELP reviews for inspiration. We weren't terribly surprised that there was a little wait even on a Wednesday night. But we went into the Reading Room and waited until our table was ready. Just about everything about this restaurant feels good. The location in historic Coronado....very neighborhoody and the converted house coupled with the great decor...everything tells you that you are going to get a great meal. Unpretentious and just plain delicious. If there is any personal issue it is that our waiter let us order a stupid bottle of Pellegrino and didn't talk us into the "plain" water when indeed the "plain" water was the yummiest cucumber water I've ever had. Now personally I am partial to cucumber water...feels very spa-y to me. Can't get enough of it...so it would be my preference. Our waiter David was darling....very sweet and humored us all night...we like to all try a little of everything so we tend to share everything three ways. A manager-ish person who didn't introduce himself asked how we were doing which is always nice...makes it seem like they care...always works for me in any case but my friend thrust the bill and credit cards at him not realizing it wan't David which he took without a hesitation and did as he was told..I laughed..my friend didn't. But to the food. We had the Cheese Curds...OMG!! Enough said...how can you go wrong with beer battered deep fried cheese?? And yet after trying these I realize that any other fried cheese products that have been passed off as such for my whole life were frauds! Pure and simple! I'd been duped. This was heaven in a little ball of high calorie-high fat goodness!On to the chorizo stuffed dates. Simply divine. Wouldn't change a thing. I could eat nothing but an order of that alone! Well...maybe two. Nosh Plate- Most excellent. A Great combination of flavors, textures...the onion jam which was also described as plum jam (I don't know what it was...except delicious) mixed with the lavosh and havarti...Fantastic! There was something with roasted veggies and hummus. It was great. Absolutely nothing to change. Then we shared an entree of fried cod or some kind of fish? Idk...i didn't get it. I don't care for white fish much...i found it bland and a bit dry. My friends raved...and loved it...so based on the rest of the night...i'm sure it was just me. So...never mind...Dessert...shared the molten lava chocolate cake and a blueberry cobbler. The cake was good...mind you we ate every single morsel. But quite frankly...you could get the same thing in any restaurant in town...i wasn't blown away. The cobbler was a bit too doughy-bready for my taste. The bluberries felt and tasted frozen even though I know they weren't because I overheard the story about buying them at the fresh food market from a grower in California or some such whatever....in any case...didn't love it....but quite frankly every single other detail was so fantastic that i'm certain we will go again and again.
5	I cannot fully describe the amount which I love this place.  I mean, it's literally around the corner from my house, so it gets extra awesomeness for being so close!They make the best Pimms No 1 cup here.  I LOVE it.  I'm picky about how mine taste and here it is divine.  They also have housemade lemonade and ginger ale, which makes the world a better place as well.John is awesome.  We love him.They have weekly desserts which is awesome.  Always based on seasonaility.  Also the menu just changed for the summer season.  We have yet to try the new items, but have heard from friends that it's amazing. LOVE LOVE LOVE
5	What do the Tuck Shop and a Drag Queen have in common? They both tuck there assets away so that it's difficult to find them and when you see them perform they have a lot of surprises.After several recommendations and a lot of rave reviews on Yelp I finally visited this neighborhood gem.I definitely recommend the Pasta Fries, Stuffed Medjool Dates, Baby Lettuce Salad, and Chicken & Waffles. I've never had such juicy and tender chicken that was this crispy before. Awesome! By the way, I didn't have all those dishes to myself or even during the same visit so keep your judgements to yourself :P
5	Very randomly ended up at Tuck Shop and so happy I did.  They have some great drink special ALL night long, not just happy hour times - made a mean Dark N Stormy.... yummy!Its just the cutest, classiest, coziest, most welcoming establishment.  Makes you feel like you could spend hours upon hours there.  Our waiter/bartender was fantastic and I wish I caught his name.  The bar was full so we sat in the 'reading room' .... couches and chairs sectioned off from the bar and restaurant by bookshelves.  Although we were not there to eat, the entire place smelled SO GOOD and the food looked wonderful.  I can't wait to go back there for dinner!
5	Just go eat here. Get the cheese curds, I think they may be developing CCA (cheese curd anonymous) soon, but until it becomes a diagnosable disease I will continue to indulge.Oh yah, the Pine Steak, is also fantastic and will probably also cause addictive like tendencies. Oh, oh, oh...  the chicken and waffles are also a pleasant surprise in the other wise repetitive and ordinary dining scene that is so often found in Phoenix. Just do yourself a favor and go check this place out. And try the home made ginger ale, tonic or lemonade by them selves... or mix it up with one of their top shelve spirits.
5	I want to spend all of my money eating at the tuck shop. Not sure if these are still on the menu, but their beets...what the what? I looooove beets now. Everything we tried during their last season was outstanding--mac n cheese, chili, shrimp po'boy. Healthy people will enjoy the portion sizes; girthier people will not. Can't wait to return for the summer menu.
4	Ventured to the Tuck shop with a girlfriend Friday night after hearing from someone random about this place.  First off, loved the small restaurant, cozy trendy vibe right off the bat.  Since it was a Friday night, we did have to wait a few minutes for our table, but luckily the host came over and offered to get a glass of wine for us.  He offered some suggestions... I liked mine, my friend did not.  As far as the food is concerned, I enjoyed almost ALL of it.  We decided to try several of the small plates/appetizers.  So, we had the crepes, cheese curds, the salad with avacado, and the dates.  The crepes were awesome as were the dates.  The cheese curds were a bit salty, but still very good.  I liked the salad, but it didn't blow me away by any means.  At the end of the meal we shared the apricot cake, which I found to be very dry, but my friend REALLY liked.I will be back for sure.  I want to try that chicken everyone is raving about as well as the mac and cheese.  This is a fun, unique spot for some noshing and drinks!
5	Oh the Tuck Shop. I love you, let me count the ways.... This tucked away gem was recommended to me by my Realtor and the owners of the house we just purchased. Both live in Coronado Historic District and are self proclaimed foodies. Being a foodie myself I thought to try this little place, that is easily missed if you don't look hard enough. I was greeted at the door by a very sweet gentleman. I have to say that my food experience starts with hospitality. If I am ignored or spoken to in a condescending manner my perception of the experience is affected. Everyone in the restaurant treated us with respect and offered a smile. I really like the atmosphere they create with their generous hospitality. The food at the Tuck shop is stellar. We decided to have a sampling of appetizers so that we could try many of the options. Their menu seasonal, so you may not be able to have the same options if you are visiting any time other than summer. We shared the stuffed dates, pasta fries, and lobster mac and cheese. All of the selections were really wonderful. This is comfort food! The dates were stuffed with cheese and chorizo, the flavors balanced well and it was complimented with a tangy green salad. The pasta fries were so good that they were gone in 10 seconds flat. We literally inhaled them. The lobster mac and cheese was great and the flavors and textures really worked together. If you are in Historic Coronado you should really try this restaurant. I am totally impressed with their brilliant food and service. 5 stars!
4	They only reason I give the place 4 instead of 5 is because we made a reservation the day before so we wouldnt have the 45 minute Friday night wait and when my group showed up...surprise...our reservation wasn't saved because they don't do reservations for less than 6 people (confusing because thats not what the person said who took our reservation the day before).  Even with the wait though, we all seemed to enjoy ourselves. We started with the "lobstah" mac & cheese and some brie sandwiches to kick it off. Then we also ordered Vovo's favorite which changes daily and were pleasantly surprised with the ribs and potatoes. However the best part of our meal were the chicken and waffles, sooooo delicious!! I will definitely come here again!
5	Classic, Friendly Neighborhood Restaurant & Bar...John welcomes you and the slightly twisted southern menu surprises & delights. Their fried chicken & waffles are legendary. I crave their watermelon salad, lust after the stuffed medjool dates and miss their Oyster Po-Boy's tangy deliciousness. The atmosphere is perfection and the food is a close second. If you are on a diet, this may not be a good choice.. The mac & cheese especially with lobster a diet killer. If you're being good don't despair, the salads are amazing. This week, I love the baby lettuce with fennel, avocado, & pomegranite/orange vinaigrette. If you want to drink your dinner, the wine selection is affordable and robust. Don't be shy - just ask for recommendations.
4	Plenty of parking across the roundabout, excellent drinks (they make their own tonic...a gin and tonic will never be the same for me again!), and delicious food!! Shared a couple plates with my friends and loved everything we ordered. From a girl who doesn't really like cheese, I loved the mac and cheese, nosh plate (the havarti was amazing and the sweet onion jam was unexpectedly delish) and the gnocchi was spot on. Definitely will return once they reopen for summer.
3	I've been to Tuck Shop on three occasions and two out of three times I would give it four, or even five, stars.  The last time I visited, in January, I had a pretty terrible experience due to my nut allergy.I was joined by my parents, my husband, and his parents who were visiting from Chicago.  We were celebrating my mother-in-law's birthday and chose Tuck Shop because our previous experiences were wonderful.  When ordering, I asked our waiter if there were nuts in the salad I wanted, told him I was very allergic, and he said that if there were he would leave them off.  We continued ordering and everything went well until I had a few bites of our catfish.  I immediately felt my allergic reaction begin, we got the waiter's attention, asked if there were nuts in the catfish, he said no but checked with the chef.  He came back to let us know that, while it wasn't listed on the menu, there were indeed ground walnuts in the crust on the fish.  I explained that I had to leave to go to the emergency room.  As I was leaving with my husband, the manager said, "Have a good night!". He had been informed of the situation and I'm sure he didn't know what to say.  But that was just the beginning of my fun Saturday night filled with a delightful Urgent Care staff, co-pays, and loads of benedryl.Anyhoo, that was that.  I loved Tuck Shop.  All the good reviews are right.   I don't want special treatment but, for the love, can we just all agree that any ingredient which is a common allergy should be spelled  out on the menu?  Erring on the side of drama, I feel like someone has to die from anaphylactic shock before this will be taken seriously.  At the end of the day, I know it's my fault and I should've been more diligent.  So, go to Tuck Shop.  It's amazing.  But, if you have an allergy, don't be embarrassed to be the annoying customer who has to repeatedly mention your food issues to the staff.
5	Had a night out with great friends while grandma watched the baby and couldn't pick a better place!!! Great service and everything we ate was superb. Very nice atmosphere.......amazing drinks. Can't wait to go back!
3	The only thing I would add to the many reviews is that I recommend you study the menu on the restaurant's website prior to going so you understand that this menu is limited and different.  Our group of three had some difficulty figuring out what to order.  I think the idea here is for you to order as a group and share, which can be fun, if you are in to that.  We didn't like the Mac and Cheese with lobster very much.  It's a different twist on this old standby.  We were surprised at the very little piece of lobster you get for an extra $4.  It's not worth the extra money.Other than these quibbles it was good food and a nice, but small place.They only take reservations for groups of six or more.
5	Tuck Shop, I miss you.  It's been too long.  I've been to the Tuck Shop probably 3 or 4 times now and have never been disappointed.  The decor is trendy and comfortable all rolled in to one.  Being that it sits right in a neighborhood, it's almost like you're walking in to someone's house.The service has always been excellent, friendly, and knowledgeable about their offerings or suggestions about what to try on the menu.For appetizers definitely check out the grilled baguette w/creamy roasted garlic as well as the stuffed medjool dates and the Times Mac and Cheese.  All are delicious!The Pine AZ Skirt Steak has to truly be the most flavorful and tender skirt steak I've ever feasted on.  I always like to switch up their common offering and get the white cheddar waffles in addition to what the plate normally comes with.  The waffles in one word are nothing short of AAHHHHMAAAZZZINGG.  Mmmm.
5	Excellent place for sharing dishes so you try a bit of everything.  They have bike racks as well.
2	I really want to like this place.  I do.  The decor has got the hip modern "restaurant in a house" thing like The Main Ingredient, only it's more open and had no trouble accommodating our group of eleven (we had made a reservation.)  They have cucumber water, which is awesome and for the most part, everyone's dishes looked good from where I sat.My disappointment came when it was my turn to order.  I was informed that they "don't really modify dishes because they are going for a specific style and flavor."  I worked in restaurants for 15 years.  Trust me, I get it.  You don't want me to modify the heck out of something then say I don't like it.  But unfortunately, I have some medical issues that make it difficult for me to digest more than trivial amounts of fats.  I was informed by our server, South, that I couldn't even get the dressing on the side for a salad.  They don't even have a regular grilled chicken breast.  I asked for his recommendations and the only thing that sounded remotely healthy was the vegetarian gnocchi (the regular has sausage) and I asked for it with very, very little oil in the pan.  So, our food arrived and everything looked great.  My boyfriend ordered the Mac and Cheese and said it was good.  Then the gnocchi arrived.  With a puddle of oil in the bottom.  Then my friend's dish arrived to my left.  Lo and behold, there were grilled vegetables on the plate (with what looked like oil on them, but even that would have been better.)  Why not just offer a side of grilled vegetables?  How hard is it to do things a la carte? Not being one to complain or send things back, I ate what I could of the gnocchi, pulling pieces off of the main dish and putting them on one of their share plates so I could pat the oil off of them before eating them.  About a half an hour later, I began to feel ill.I know I could have been a jerk, made a big stink, asked for the manager, etc but why ruin everyone else's good time?  I've been a restaurant manager, I hated getting yelled at because one of my servers was pretentious and entitled and was too lazy to see what the kitchen could do.  So, if you don't have any special dietary needs and you like to be treated like you don't know what you're talking about, go to Tuck Shop.  Otherwise, I'll stick with The Main Ingredient and ask for a slice of cucumber in my water.  At least they put dressing on the side.
3	I'd give it 5 stars for landscaping and decor. Too bad the bland, overpriced food brings it down to three. It could be so much better.
5	I went with a bunch of friends so I got to try a little of everything.  The fried cheese curds were very good.  I don't usually like curds but I couldn't stop eating these, maybe its the quality of the curds.  Very simply seasoned with salt and pepper.  The dates stuffed with chorizo and cheese were interesting and good.  Served on a bed of arugula which went well with them, though I would've needed more of the greens if it was all me.  Grilled baguette was interesting - came with a bowl of oil with a roasted garlic bulb.  You dig out a piece of garlic with the spoon and kind of smear it on the bread.  Not too bad, but I think it could've used some tomatoes or something..  I prefer plain old garlic bread.  The chicken and waffles were good - the chicken was awesome and I could do without the waffles so they evened out to good.  The waffles were crumbly and I didn't like the seasoning on them.The mac and cheese we ordered with lobster.  The bites with lobster were good, the rest was just bland.  The skirt steak was pretty good.  Came with mashed potatoes and had gravy and mushrooms on top.  All in all, the food is creative and fancy but more down to earth along with the price.  I would recommend taking a date here to try new things without breaking the bank.  The decoration and atmosphere is modern, clean with a bit of antiquety.  The drink specials are surprisingly good for a restaurant like this.  Will definitely return.
5	We decided to give Tuck Shop a try on the fly after a movie.  We had our 9 year old daughter and she informed us that she 'didn't get dressed up to go to Tex AZ'.  OK.  I also didn't feel like spending 100.00 on dinner to accommadate her attire.   We drove aimlessly and headed East and then South.  I had Tuck Shop in the back of my mind from another evening when we ended up somewhere else.   We decided to go and look at the exterior and see if it grabbed us.   Very hip.   The mid-century contemporary (not quite 'modern') building was just our style.  Ok...we were feelin' it.   On exterior, instant gratification.  It was a Saturday night just about 7:00.  When we walked inside there wasn't 1 other child there.  So, I was expecting a possible stink-eye from the host.  Not at all.  He couldn't of been more pleasant.He informed us that it would be a 1 hour wait.  I could see two 2 tops but everything else was full.  My husband and I gave the, 'one hour?' look to each other.  A few seconds later, our host said, 'you know what, I can put another chair at one of those tables, if you don't think that would be too tight'.  Perfect.   Within minutes we were seated.  None of us were super hungry so the encourgement to 'share' was perfect.  After ordering our drinks, one of which was my daughter's homemade citrus soda which was absolutely delicious, we began to look over the menu.We decided on 1 item from each of the catagories of Starts, Small and To Share.....Crostini & Garlic spread, mac & cheese and the ribs Special.We had it all brought out at the same time.  Every single morsel was amazing and we all thought that even had we been starving.....it was more then enough. The ribs were the best we'd ever had, falling off the bone and slightly sweet.  They came with some yummy potatoes (or is it po tah tos) and a mouth watering corn muffin on the side.   The server came to refill my daughter's drink and offered to switch her to the homemade Ginger Ale, which she didn't end up likeing as well and we asked to switch back to the Citrus one.  I forgot to look and see what, if anything they charged us to do that, but I didn't care at that point.  Since the ribs were the Special, we didn't know the cost.  We were betting they were at least  $27.00, didn't care about that either.  Nope, $19.00.  I was shocked.By the time we left, the wait was 2 hours and one other family had come in with a 3 year old.  There is no kids menu, but my child, although not small, was very welcomed.  I'm not sure if they had high chairs but hey, Richardson's doesn't either.   Our bill with a beer and a Pinot Gris was 54.00.  I thought for the quality and the ambiance, a bargain.  We will definately be going back.
3	I went here last night with the BF and another couple, and we all had really high expectations for this place that just weren't met. Not to say it was bad, it wasn't, it just didn't live up to the hype. The space is very cute and warm feeling. I like how the chairs don't all match and it has a very homey feel. The service was also very good.The BF ordered their home made ginger ale and it was very interesting. It tasted like liquid ginger, which was pretty cool. For food, we started with the nosh plate, which was probably the best thing we got. It had this delicious onion jam type stuff with some crackers, cashews, some meat of sorts, and a really good cheese with dill on it. The onion on the cheese was soooo good. I could have just eaten that for dinner. Then we ordered mains. The BF and I shared the chicken and waffles and our friends got the mac and cheese and the flapjacks. I was not a huge fan of the chicken and waffles, and I was so excited for it! The waffles weren't crunchy at all, which I think would have been nice texturally, and the chicken was encased in the fried coating, but once you cut into it, the fried part just fell off. It didn't adhere to the chicken at all. Also, it was very thick and didn't have a ton of flavor. This was very strange. The sauce on the waffles was good, it was a honey butter or something, and the chicken was moist, but together, it was a disappointment. It did come with some wonderful green beans though.... they were seasoned and cooked perfectly. I tried my friend's flapjacks and thought they were a little strange tasting... but not bad. I didn't try the mac and cheese, but my friend thought it was good. We finished with a shortcake that has strawberries that were macerated with balsamic and basil and had some kind of cream in it. This was very good, I loved the earthy flavor that the basil brought to the dessert and the strawberries were flavorful and tasted fresh. Overall, it was good, but not great. Maybe I had too high expectations, but I probably wouldn't run back here in the future.
4	LOVE LOVE LOVE.First of all, I loved the atmosphere of this place. It was warm and comfortable feeling, almost like you were in someones house, if that makes sense? We went on the first night it was open again for summer and I was very happy to see how busy it was! The food was amazing. A friend had recommended the cheese curds which I had 1.) never tried before and 2.) thought was a really random dish to have at a restaurant. So good! We followed that up with the lobster macaroni and cheese (A MUST), and also ordered the chicken and waffles. Our server explained that the plates were meant to share which I LOVE because we got to try so many things. I remember thinking that I couldn't wait to come back with a group of people. This is definitely a good date spot for sure.
5	,so I get a text to meet at this spot and I put the name and address together and im like wtf,makes no sense,im in,so im thinking some wannabe swank mockery of a white trash bar/grill,Wrong,I was shocked and overly impressed by this restaurant/bistro 70 decor spot,the food is orgasmicly infused to take you way back to comfortable times and drinks that will blow your mind,the lemonchella blew me out of the water,one its just like my grandpa made and two,Big in az.Im a regular po vida unless the get a huge ego and drug problem and lose the staff/chefs.
4	Went here with a good friend of mine and really liked it. Food was very good the atmosphere was very hip and inner city. The staff was very friendly and very prompt always making sure we had anything and everything to make our visit enjoyable.
4	Awesome staff, great food.  Being from the south it's pretty hard to impress me with fried chicken, but the chicken and waffles here make my mouth water just thinking about them.   Kind of pricey, but if you're looking for good food, look no further.
5	Found this place through Yelp and a Yelping buddy so there you have it...the power of Yelp because we absolutely LOVED this place.  Tucked into a neighborhood you have a very cozy, eclectic little joint.  From the start to the end we received extremely friendly service. We of course tried the foods suggested in previous reviews and by the server.  The pasta fries were unique, light and paired with great tasting sauces.  A definite dish you have to try.  We also tried the figs stuffed with chorizo.  Also very good & savory.  But the ABSOLUTE FAVORITE of the night were the chicken and waffles!  My gosh is this the dish to come to the Tuck Shop for.  The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.  The waffles were served with a butter that seemed to be whipped with possibly honey and the syrup was just the right sweet.  All the flavors seemed to work with just the right amount of sweet and savory.  The grilled fresh green beans were the perfect side.  I think I would get this dish over and over and over again.  Then I would go back and get it again.  Great place we will frequent often.  P.S. They make their own tonic.  Yep, their own tonic.  GREAT tasting!  Try it with the vodka they serve (haven't heard of it before but was very pleased).
5	If you don't come here you're stupid and probably don't deserve the great service and delicious food.
5	I tucking love this place! My dining companion had been talking up the Tuck for a month before we finally got the opportunity to check it out. Nestled in a converted home in Phoenix's historic Coronado district the ambiance is relaxed yet upscale. But to be honest I had worked myself up into such a frenzy of culinary anticipation I wouldn't have cared if it was located behind a Food City in Apache Junction. The staff was incredibly friendly but they picked up on the first date vibe we were putting out and kept their distance. The only exception was when I spazzed out and knocked a glass votive off the wall, shattering it. The place went radio silent, then several staff came over, whisked away the mess, and checked to make sure nobody was bleeding. They didn't make me feel like a jackass...not even a little bit. They also didn't make me feel like a jackass when we ordered enough food for about five people and inhaled every last bite. Here are the scintillating details: -Cheese Curds - Lightly battered, melty and delicious. No they don't come with sauce! THEY DON'T NEED SAUCE! -Chorizo Stuffed Dates - Sweet, salty, spicy fiesta in my mouth. Who knew a hot date could be so delicious?! Incredibly simple yet amazing... -Baby Lettuce Salad - This was so refreshing and light and the flavors were spot on. The crunch of the fennel was perfect with the buttery avocado. I wish I were eating it right now. -Rosemary Goat Cheese Bruschetta - This was the most unremarkable item we ordered, but still really good. The rosemary and goat cheese paired nicely together and the ingredients were really fresh. - Lobster Mac and Cheese - Homemade mac and cheese with lobster. No surprises here (unless you count prosciutto), just pure deliciousness. -Catfish Cakes - So simple yet perfectly executed. The cakes were crispy on the outside and firm on the inside. They had a nice garlic flavor without overshadowing the rest of the ingredients. The quinoa and spinach side was awesome but I was really laser focused on those cakes. Tuck Shop kind of personifies the man who took me there. Classy, not pretentious. Timelessly stylish, not trendy. The finest quality, freshest ingredients are meticulously constructed into dishes that are new and exciting yet evocative of the very familiar. Definitely a new favorite and will be for years to come!
5	This place is a bit hard to find, as it's nestled in what appears to be a largely residential area.  It is, however, worth the effort to track it down.I dined with a couple of friends, and we all enjoyed the meal immensely.  We ordered 2 appetizers (garlic bruchetta and cheese curds), 1 small plate (flapjacks), and two sharing plates (chicken and waffles, and the nightly special, a fontina-stuffed beef and pork meatloaf served with scalloped potatoes and topped with a chunky, spicy tomato remoulade.)Without exception, each dish was excellent. The cheese curds were so simple, without adornment, and simply fantastic. The bruchetta is definitely not for the garlic-averse (a strange trait I thankfully do not possess.) The flapjacks would be a wonderful choice for a vegetarian, and the hummus was divine.  The sharing plates were as delicious as you might imagine given the other reviewers comments, with the only note of improvement being the consistency of the waffle (too thin and crispy, but perhaps it was intended to be as such.)The service was largely spot on and attentive without being annoying, the wine and beer list was sufficient, and the for the price, it's a steal.  For a total of 7 alcoholic drinks, 2 apps, 1 small plate, and 2 sharing plates, the total was $101. For the quality of the food presented, it was an absolute bargain.  I can't wait to return!
4	This was our first visit to the Tuck shop and we couldn't have been any happier that evening. We started with the Cheese Curds, Bruschetta, and Pasta Fries and all of them were worth it.  I then had the ribs special and it was out of this world. They were fork tender and just fell off the bone. The wife had the chicken and waffles and the chicken was crisp on the outside and tender juicy on the inside. Our server was very friendly and accommodating, so I give them a thumbs up also.  We will definitely be heading back.  Nice job guys.
5	This place is wonderful, they have a great wine list and the food has always been great. sometimes the wait is long but it is always worth it. ..Kinda tucked away in a neighborhood and very cozy little joint and the serive is always wonderful great place for a first date, everyone should try this place at least once.
5	LOVE this place. Friendly staff, great food, great ambiance.
4	Food was good, Nice ambiance. Fun winelist. House made Gin & Tonic was great
2	I went with friends who have been before and love this place... I was unimpressed.  I tried the crab pot, pasta fries, dates, Mac/cheese and chicken n waffles.  It felt like the chef was trying to get too many flavors on each plate, regardless of whether or not they complimented each other.  Nothing excited me but the crab pot had some pickled watermelon accompaniment that was pretty good and interesting.
4	Went here in August with the Supper Club for a 6:30pm dinner. This place was hard to find as it's located in a residential area. I passed it several times because the exterior doesn't look like your typical restaurant facade - and there is a school down the block! I must admit, I yelled at my GPS several times for seemingly directing me to the "wrong" place each time "she" said "destination!" - ha! I got a prime parking spot in the small lot next to the restaurant (there is a larger lot across the street).We were a group of five and were seated in less than 15 minutes. The interior is rustic and for some reason reminded me of a log cabin in Canada - go figure. This is not a large place, so this and the dim lighting added to the rustic and cozy ambiance - a good place for a date. Our waiter was very attentive and met every need. We ordered two bottles of wine and the following food items: 1) cheese curds; 2) rosemary goat cheese bruschetta; 3) mac and cheese; 4) summer gnocchi; and 5) veal meatloaf.With the exception of the bruschetta, my impression of everything we tasted was "Wow!" The cheese curds had just the right balance of creaminess from the cheese and saltiness - no sauce needed! The mac and cheese was unlike any I've tasted, not made with typical cheddar but a mix of white cheeses. The veal meatloaf was very flavorful and moist. My fave is the summer gnocchi - I remember thinking this was the best gnocchi I've had thus far. The gnocchi had the appearance of being pan-seared, and the tomatoes and basil really added to the "summer" and fresh taste.We spent a good two hours here, and although our bill for the food and bottles of wine came to under $100, we paid $150 - our waiter even told us we paid too much! lol A place that provides great food, service and ambiance deserves the extra $$.
5	Wow!  I was really surprised by the food here!  My wife and I were invited here as part of a group celebration.  What a perfect place to host a small party!As you are driving to the Tuck Shop you feel as if you are going to get lost.  However, we found it easily though based upon mapquest directions.  The atmosphere is interesting and unique.  My wife loved the decor, and it felt very comfortable.  I found it funny that a few people were confused by the sliding restroom doors and thought it was appropriate to use the bathroom in full view of anyone happening down the hallway!  I still remember the taste from a few standout dishes that night....mmmmm.....filet mignon and shrimp dish.  I'm not sure if we had a special menu for our group, or if the menu changes frequently, but I didn't see some of the items we ate when I browsed the menu on their website.  I have to go back again soon!
5	We have dined many times at Tuck Shop and had great meals and experiences each time, however, this review is specifically focused around a private party we held there recently.  My husband and I were celebrating our recent wedding with an intimate private party and dinner of about 36 guests.  We rented out the restaurant on a Sunday night (usually closed) and it was a great event from start to finish.My husband and I both wanted a memorable night that neither one of us had to be too hands on in coordinating as we are both very busy.  Trust me on this, if you trust anyone, trust John.  From the moment I contacted John at Tuck Shop he was focused on bringing together a night that would be special, unique and hassle free for us.The majority of our menu for the evening was customized, which was another special touch.  We gave John our favorite dishes and wine preferences (favorite dish, favorite wine, etc.) left the rest up to him.  It was definitely worth it as our guest raved about the food!  My 80 year old grandmother said it was the best food she has had at a wedding--how many weddings do you think she has been to in 80 years?--pretty impressive stuff. :)It was one of those occasions you didn't believe would happen so flawlessly because it took so little effort on my part.  John must've thought I was crazy contacting him the day before "We are missing something right?"  He fielded my questions with patience and professionalism.  We were not missing anything!  It was an amazing evening, coordinated to the T, and I would recommend Tuck Shop for ANY private party.Every person in our party of 36 had an amazing evening.  Tuck Shop was accommodating to whatever we could come up with, and it was a very memorable occasion for all. This is a great venue for any special event and I have no doubt we will be back there again in the future for a birthday or anniversary!!!
4	On a Friday night this place is alive and vibe'n. It's small and intimate with a wide variety of people. The dim lighting and chill music was the perfect setting for an end of the week dinner. We had to wait for about 30 minutes for a table to open up, but in the meantime the lovely bartender made an aw-wesome margarita, and I am very picky about my margaritas... There's a long table in the middle of the room for a large group, surrounded by several smaller tables. I was actually pleasantly surprised with how nice and comfortable this place was considering it's kind of in an odd location. We munched on the "Pasta Fries" that came with a raspberry jam-like dip and a feta cheese sauce dip. It was all a very weird combination (beer battered pasta, really?) but it was REALLY good. I loved it! I'd totally go back just for the margarita and pasta fries! Mmmm. We ended our food adventure with the mac and cheese with "lobstah." This I didn't like so much. The lobster was too fishy for the mac and cheese, but with out it, it probably would have all been awesome. I needed another margarita after that one  :)
5	I live down the street from Tuck Shop and really enjoy riding my bike to go to dinner. This place is perfect for that. The food is delicious and the staff is SUPER friendly. I've had a few of their plates and I'm not disappointed in anything I have tried there so, my suggestion, try whatever you like.They make an excellent dirty martini too.I hope that they get some outside seating. I would love to sit outside and enjoy the weather while I can.I am really hoping that they purchased the little house next door. I drive by the place every day and someone is in there working on it and I did see paperwork from the city about serving alcohol outside stuck on the door a few months back after the house was sold. *Squee!!* I will be one happy lady if that's the case!
5	If you don't come here you're stupid and probably don't deserve the great service and delicious food.
5	The Tuck Shop is such a wonderful place!  I have been there twice and every time I have been wowed by the food.  I do admit though the cheese curds were a little to salty for me, but I did have more than 1!  The lamb meatballs were delicious and not gamey at all, which I find with some lamb.  The brussel sprouts were amazing with the tiniest bit of crunch from the charred outer leaves.  I have been twice and the first time was with a group of raucous women, we got pretty loud, laughing and just having an all around great time.  The staff seemed to welcome our rambunctious nature, we met the owner and the manager who both just came by the table to chat.  The second time was just a friend and myself.  We had to get some work done and decided to share all our plates, the server was wonderful about taking his time bringing each course out individually.  He seemed to get that we needed time in between to get back to work for a few minutes.The decor is warm and inviting.  I love that there waiting area is like a comfy living room.  It is a place that is at the top of my neighborhood favorites...
2	I really want this place to be good as I live 2 blocks away from it this would be so damned convenient. The place is beautifully modern, It has plenty of parking which it needs for all the cars I see each day going in and out. My girl loves the salmon they have and the drinks are to her liking. My problem with it is not the wait time while waiting to have a table open but the service I have had when I dined there three or four times I have been there.    I will admit to the last time I went there that I got rude for the first time in my adult life with a waiter as the neglect and bad service seemed to be intentional and I took offense. Every time I have went I have had the same waiter. An older gentlemen who seems to have his share of tables which is the first problem but has a quiet disdain for everyone(never see him smile)mixed with the disability of peripheral vision, or is it a superpower? I don't have high expectations and as long as someone is fairly decent I will say great service but each and every time I went this guy was never helpful it took 10-15 minutes the last time for him to acknowledge our table for the first time( not after taking a drink order mind you). I wanted to walk out and became a little vocal. Yes he was busy and he was serving a large party but as you are delivering food to the table throw in a " sorry i will be with you soon" or jot down a quick drink order. So after that we get a drink order and he's gone again and we are invisible again. I don't know if it's some personal vendetta where he was insulted the first time by me still tipping 20% and that some how triggered a blood debt in his book but it was terrible each and every time. I am hoping when they expand that they will have to hire more staff and maybe I can get a lottery pick of anyone but him. To end the dining experience after waiting and trying to flag the man down once again I went to the bar to ask for the check and made it a note to mention how bad the service was.  That was the last time I went. So besides the service which I do think is slow not on just his part but at the bar and in the kitchen also, The food is sub par for me and I have had quite a few dishes trying to find the thing that they are special at which I didn't find in my trips before writing it off. Here is a rundown of my opinion:Service: 0/5 please fire him if you haven't since the last time I have been there(hint hes the guy the never is pleasant and looks like him, well not him but another actor with darker skin and green eyes who played villains in 80's movies):http://www.imdb.com/media/rm218601984/nm0001424Ambiance: 5/5 lovely place and would love to know who helped with the remodel, music was nice and mellow.Food:Salmon - 5/5 supposedly really good, not a fish fan so my girlfriend vouches for it.Chicken and waffles: 2/5 my order of chicken was burnt, the crust was just a hard shell of black/brown dough, the waffles were nice though.skirt steak: 2/5 like someone dropped a bottle of pepper on accident on it, been a while that is all I remember I think it came with some potatoes that were okcheese curds: 2/5 ours were soggy,and had a pool of grease at the bottom but the ones with crisp were good.roasted garlic: 3/5 actually not too bad but terrible on the stomach I had a couple other favorites but never tried the pork sandwich which is known to be great.Home-made ginger ale: 0/5 is strong and terrible
4	I wasn't that sold on Tuck Shop the first time I visited.... I only had drinks but the limited bar was a turn off so I tried the homemade Dark&Stormy which is a fav of mine. The ginger ale was not gingery or sweet enough at all for me. The homemade tonic w/ vodka was great though! Fast forward a few weeks and a date takes me there. Despite me being mostly vegan, they accommodated me pretty well! We ordered the pasta fries which were good but too heavy and unhealthy for me. I got a lovely salad and then the grilled vegetables and hummus, which was awesome! Vegetables were perfectly charred. I stole a bite of my date's waffles from the chicken and waffles he ordered. So, so amazing with a tender crumb. Dessert was a chocolate lava cake with creme anglaise which was to DIE for. Oh man..... Service was good but hopefully they will choose to expand their menu a bit more before I return.
3	This place is a real hidden gem! In fact if you are distracted you will miss it over and over. A really TINY place and usually gets very busy. We were a group of 6 that because of the change in time with our reservation, some had to cancel. The unpleasant part (and the missing star) is that the owner will stare at us every time as if it was our fault. To enjoy better this place DON'T go with a group larger than 4. We had the fried noodles and yes, the salsas are worth trying. The bread with garlic is something I wouldn't order for it's price, but my friend enjoyed it. I shared a chicken and waffle with one of my friends and gladly this portion was more than enough. I wouldn't fry that chicken. It is cooked in a good way and the meet is really tasty, the breeding comes like a crust and it becomes too much. The other dish that was tried is the mac & cheese. I really can't understand who orders this in a restaurant. My friend was a bit disappointed as he was dreaming of crispy prosciutto (never heard about this) and for him it was too tender.  We also tried the rum and ginger ale, YES! try it! If there is a next time, I'll make sure I don't have a reservation so we can eat and enjoy our dinner.
5	In a word, Tuck Shop is: Awesome. If you just drove by, surely you'd miss it (I know, I know, I shouldn't call you Shirley). It's tucked away, no pun intended, so you've got to be looking out for it, but you'll thank yourself once you walk in.  It's small and cozy inside, with about 15 tables and a full bar. The decor and ambiance is like a 50s/60s house. The waiting area is cool, it's like a living room...Nice touch. No reservations for parties under six, so if you're in a party of five or fewer, prepare to wait for 20-30 minutes for a table. I was there on a Wednesday at 7pm with a party of four and we waited about 20 minutes. A plus side is that they'll come around and take drink and appetizer orders so you can eat and drink a bit while you wait.For dinner, I had the chicken and waffles. Um...Amazing. The waffles were savory, with cheddar and some herbs, and the chicken was juicy. My wife had the fish and chips, which she liked but didn't love. Our table also had the Mac and Cheese, Pork Tenderloin, Brussels Sprouts and Cheese Curds. I didn't personally love the Mac and Cheese, but I thought everything else was really good.  Service was attentive, always around if you need something but not hanging around. One of the best things about Tuck Shop is the prices...Our tab top to bottom with 4 entrees, apps and wine was around $110 for the four of us. More than reasonable for the quality of food. I'll definitely be back.
5	I had to review this place again because I have decided it is my favorite neighborhood spot hands down!  I went last night on a whim with my fiance after we both had a very long day and were starving.  The pasta fries were amazing and the dipping sauces that came with it was so good!  The skirt steak was cooked just right and the the potatoes were creamy heaven.   But the star of last nights show was the fish and chips.  It was the best fish and chips I have ever eaten, crispy, juicy and not greasy at all.  What a great way to top off our evening.  I can't wait to go back.
4	Great food. Great ambience. Will want to go back but a tip to mgmt : don't ask a paying customer ($200 dinner) who is sitting for a few extra minutes after paying the bill if we could leave our table and sit in the waiting area so you can feed another waiting customer before the kitchen closes. Your hours of operation should not affect the paying customers already there. Like i said i love this place and will go back and that was a first (and hopefully a last) and should be noted for future reference. If at the very least you are going to even THINK about doing that, at least offer a round of drinks up at the bar for the inconvenience.
5	This is perhaps the best meal I've had in Phoenix. We live right around the block and don't come here enough. This is the quintessential neighborhood restaurant. Right in the middle of Coronado Neighborhood. Amazing Food! Amazing Drinks! Amazing Deserts. The design is simple and brilliant. I can't say enough about this place. So happy and proud to live nearby. When we make our list to stick around in Phoenix, Tuck Shop goes on the Pros side.
5	This is a really delightful restaurant.  It's cozy, warm and inviting.  Reminds you of someone's private home. We sat at the bar, and were really overwhelmed - immediately- and the warmth of the folks who work there and all the attention we received.  Had we chosen a table, I am not sure what it would have been like, but I could hear the servers talking to the tables behind us about their food options, the recommendations (based always on input from the customer) and the lovely specials.Ohh the food!  It was unique, very tasty and fun! I loved the brussel sprouts, alway a favorite, and the fried chicken was the best EVER!  I don't order fried chicke, but it was tender, lightly breaded and succulunt beyond my imagination.The best thing was that the wine and beer were on special so that we could enjoy a reasonably price night out, without breaking the bank or getting frustrated over feeling like we didn't get the value for the price.  It was ON the mark!!We will be back...
4	The most comfortable atmosphere I have ever experienced. The host/manager was very welcoming, one of the few places where I did not mind waiting for a table. We relaxed with drinks in the "living room". Food was good, cheese curds and Vivian Wards were a favorite of the table. My boyfriends pork was overcooked and they handled it well and quickly. Everyone was very friendly and the service was good.
5	The fundamentals that produce great food in a restaurant will result in loyal customers that will go anywhere to enjoy it.  Here is a perfect example of just that.  Tuck Shop is nestled in the historic Cornado district and is surrounded by homes. No major cross roads, no traffic that can see it.  Yet when you do find this place and notice the details in the entry way followed by the modern decor you know you are somewhere different.  The restaurant seats maybe 60 people and has a great cocktail lounge to relax before you get seated for what is to come. Feel like reading, or playing a game just look at the neighboring shelf and you might just find it.  For drinks start off with some good craft beer or have some of their cocktails which they have several mixes that are awesome.We started the evening off with the Baguette, my wife is a big garlic nut so we couldn't resist.  Next came Brussels Sprouts that to be honest are not something I eat regularly but here, bring it all day. For dinner I cheat and order for two but why not this place is worth it! For starters the Mac and Cheese is AMAZING!  They even give it somewhat toasty flare with the proscuitto, sizzling!  YUMNext we finish off with an order of Lamb Meatballs and my wife orders her favorite Chicken and Waffles which btw I will not say this too loud but probably are the best in town.Desert? If you have room get a illy espresso and their desert bite that can vary depending on the day, me thinks.Enjoy and believe me this place is it.
3	Went here on Yelp's recommendation and agree the quality of the food was good. There wasn't enough of a variety for me and I'm used to more healthful, lighter food. The brussel sprouts melted in our mouths, the Mac and cheese was so much better than the usual but just as bad for you, and the pork tenderloin had great flavors  but was overcooked.. The dessert special was a chocolate cheese cake which was delicious but honestly too rich for me. If you want truly comfort food, I would recommend it but there are no options for people who want lighter fare.
5	Tuck Shop is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Phx. Everything is superb from the service to drinks to food to overall experience. Definitely go soon!
4	The Tuck Shop website does not do it justice. I looked at the website (mainly at the menu) when my boyfriend suggested the restaurant. I wasn't sure what kind of place it was I thought it might have been a divey type place with a good menu. That was the impression I got from the style and quality of the website at least. I don't know I just think all black with high saturated colors say lack of class. Well anyway that is not what the Tuck Shop is like at all!  It is a wonderful comfortable and elegant restaurant. We ordered three apps and one small plate that we shared. The Brussel sprouts, stuffed dates, pork and tomato jam sandwich, and the pot pie. Every thing was seasoned well. The dates and sandwich get five stars. We love our Brussel sprouts but would not order them again. They seemed a little over cooked to our liking and the burnt onion kind of overwhelmed all the flavors. It was a little dark and until my last few bites I didn't realize there were nuts in the dish. The Chicken pot pie was good, except for the fact they put a sprig of rosemary in it for garnish and the rosemary kinda took over all the flavors. The Ginger Ale tasted like a gingerbread cookie and was not the refreshing beverage that I hoped for.The dates were awesome, sweet and succulent with a great chorizo stuffing. The sandwich had no flaws as well. It had perfectly cooked broccoli (another fave of ours) and a fantastic cheese sauce on the plate as well.The one thing that stopped me from giving Tuck Shop five stars was the service. I observed that it seemed to just be our waiter. I observed the other waiter and he was spot on. As we were seated I heard him asking for another tables drink order and he advised of what the house specials were and told them of the house brewed ginger ale. I was very interested. When our waiter came for our drink orders he just asked what we wanted to drink. I paused waiting to hear everything available and he just looked at us. We ordered the ginger ale. The waiter stopped at our table several times to fill our water and never asked us how everything was. We were feeling a little ignored. Our empty plates stacked up a bit as well. The same thing happened when it was time for the desert order as the drink order. He asked if we wanted desert and just looked at us. Then he questioned if we wanted desert again. And we said we don't know what do you have. He offered two deserts and we declined. Service was strange and I observed the other waiter and he seemed to get what he was supposed to do. Maybe it was us, maybe we were dressed too casual? Maybe we had horrible breath or BO?Maybe the waiter has never really worked at a nice restaurant? Great place would not hesitate taking anyone there. Great for a first date. They have a great communal table. And we were out the door at $50.00.
3	Really liked their ale. For appetizers I tried out pasta fries which had good dipping sauce but pasta fries where so so. Then I had chicken and waffles... Good waffles (sweet and buttery), god green beans....then an ok chicken. Really liked the interiorand its  cleanliness and service. Would come back to try other dishes.
5	My wife and I moved to the neighborhood back in September but had visited the Tuck Shop before moving.  This is a true neighborhood restaurant.  You are always greeted with a friendly "Hello" when entering and "Have a good night" when leaving.  We try to visit at least once a week, and can honestly say that everyone we see receives the same treatment.John and Laura are by far our favorites, but the entire staff is courteous and always willing to assist.  Oh yeah, the food...the food is fantastic!  We have tried almost every item on the menu, which is seasonal, and have not tried something we did not like.  The drinks, courtesy of Laura, are poured perfectly and always leave you with a smile.  My favorites would be the Shrimp Po' Boys, Flapjacks, and Brussel Sprouts.  My wife is a fan of the Dates.  Make sure to ask what the specials are, as they change nightly.  I don't have a favorite entree, except maybe the Ravioli (special entree), but you will not be disappointed with whatever you choose.  Enjoy!
5	Honestly, i was skeptical, everything that has such a buzz is usually disappointing.The food was all great.. prices were reasonable.  Most importantly the service was excellent. # of us ate communal style and one out of 5 dishes were super salty.   The runner took the plate (almost full) away without asking if there was something wrong with it, the server didn't notice due to the busy night.  I felt compelled to say something since i usually don't.  After telling the server he took the initiative to tell the "boss" , they immediately comped it.  I was so surprised since something so "common sense seems to be not so common in this city.  Of course we over tipped the amount of the comp.  JI am a fan.The space itself looks awesome.  All I can suggest is they reposition the entrance... maybe that huge window diagonal from it since you walk right in to an uncomfortable place.   But they are expanding... so lets see what happens.
5	Very cool little restaurant.  I imagine it would be very easy to drive right past this place...no sign!  I ordered the grilled baguette, lobstah mac and cheese, and the daily special: fish and chips.  My boyfriend and I shared each plate. Everything was delicious!  The olive oil served with the baguette was so delicious--complex and grassy.  The lobstah mac and cheese definitely delivered on the lobstah! The fish and chips was a nice surprise; tender, moist cod and thick-cut chips.  We were there during happy hour, and I ordered the Sunbru michelada...I can't believe this drink got me to enjoy beer! I never drink beer!  In all, this was a great place!!
5	LOVE. This is a must in Phoenix. Reminded me of CA cuisine with the use of fresh vegetables and ambiance.Pros:-great use of space, love the architecture here. -comfy sofas to lounge in for pre-dinner cocktails. Reminded me of being in a living room.-GREAT cocktails and HH specials. They do their own mixes. Dark & Stormy was great.-delicious salmon special. If they have it (it's seasonal), you must order.-was told their fried chicken is amazing but haven't tried, you might want to check it outCons:-possibly long wait on weekends and during prime dinner timeVerdict:-Go, go, go. This is an amazing hidden gem in Phoenix.
2	You would think that a 4.5 star rating on Yelp, trendy location, modern decor, and seemingly great menu options would have blown me away and made me a regular at Tuck shop but it was not meant to be... We sat at the bar, the service was fast and friendly. I had the cheese curds as an appetizer. They were pretty good, nothing to write home about but much better than run of the mill mozzarella sticks! We shared the chicken & waffles entree. We were very underwhelmed. It was overcooked and the flavor was just not thats good. How about some syrup for my waffles! They went overboard on the seasonings/herbs. I believe it was rosemary but it could have been something else. Perhaps it's my ghetto upbringing but I would rather eat at Lolo's chicken and waffles any day!
5	We went last night and sat at the bar.  Good cocktails and a nice wine selection. They have hooks under the bar for your bag which is always a bonus in my book.  Started off with the chorizo stuffed dates.  They were tasty.  We ordered the pork loin and Vovo's special which were raviolis stuffed with beef and pork with a vodka sauce.  The pork loin was seriously tasty.  Lick the sauce from the plate kind of tasty.  Was one of the best restaurant meals I have had in a long time. You won't be disappointed if you order it.  The ravioli on the other hand was flat in my opinion.  Just overall needed more seasoning.  Groovy local atmosphere.  We will go back.
5	This place is awesome.  It is truly one of the best restaurants I have ever been to.The atmosphere is so inviting; it is almost like home.  There is even a little waiting area that feels like a living room.The service was outstanding, friendly, accommodating, polite, and not at all stuffy.The whole thing has a very modern feel to it right down to the food, which consists of small and larger (sharable) plates.  The food is just fantastic.  I recommend the following:Cheese Curds: a light snack to start off and they are AMAZING.Brussels Sprouts: I don't like Brussels sprouts but I like these Brussels sprouts.Shrimp Po-Boys: FantasticChicken& Waffles: LoLo's it is not but the fried chicken is delicious.  It's more of a Italian style than a southern one: light and crisp, not battered and fatty, but delicious for sure.Lamb Meatballs: Really exceptional; don't pass these upI wasn't as blown away by the mac and cheese as others seem to be.  Maybe this is worth a try though but it wasn't my thing.The drinks are also excellent.  All of them are thoroughly homemade.  They make one of the best Dark & Stormy's ever.GO NOW!
2	To say that this place was a disappointment is an understatement. We have tried unsuccessfully two times before to go there for dinner. Tonight we were successful but regretted it afterwards. We ordered two bourbon and their homemade citrus soda that were the bomb!!We sat down at our table after about a 20 min wait which wasn't bad. Our server Craig seemed super rushed right from the start, which is just annoying. We were a little limited to what we could eat because we don't eat cheese but we started with the chicken pot pie.  Which was good but it really could have been fabulous. There just wasn't enough veggies. I ordered the lamb meatballs with spaghetti squash and my bf ordered the special pork ribs with sweet potato fries. We also ordered the brussel sprouts.  This is where it really went wrong. I get my food and we wait 12 minutes for my boyfriends.  Mine was ice cold by time he got his. We got a sorry but as I said our server seemed rushed when we sat down and it never got better. As far as flavor my bf's was great except the fries and cornbread were cold. Mine was just ok. I ate half and honestly I wouldn't have eaten it the next day if I had loved it. The flavor was just so so. It needed a little spice. We ordered the triple chocolate mousse cake and I honestly think Betty Crocker and my old school easy bake oven could have done better. We told the server that we didn't care for it and it wasn't what we expected. The server did take it off the bill but honestly after the chef screwed up our dinner as badly as he did its the least he could have done. So yeah we won't be returning
4	I  went here while in Phoenix on business a couple of months ago. I was looking for a good restaurant not too far from my hotel, and although this seemed to be in a weird location the food is great! I had the chicken and waffles, and it was delicious! Cheddar waffles...  crispy deep fried chicken... it was amazing! So rich and decadent, but a perfect treat after hiking Camelback. I also had their chocolate cake which was good, but not particularly memorable. They also serve cookie dough balls at the end of the meal. Ours were stale and tasted like they had been in the fridge too long. I think they would stay fresher and taste better longer if they were dipped in chocolate.
3	Tucked in the wrong place?My first thought driving through the residential area was there's something wrong with the directions to this place.  However, to my surprise, it was indeed a "tucked away" restaurant.  My first impression of this place was it was a cute little home with a family room as a waiting room, which I thought was pretty cool. Not a lot of sitting space so I hope you come on a slow day.We ordered 3 items, the Brussels Sprouts, Date salad, and the Lamb Meatballs.  The Brussels Sprouts was crispy and tasted of charred vegetables.  Guess it was supposed to be that way but wasn't right for my palate.  The dates salad was definitely my favorite!  It had a hint of sourness from the dressing and sweetness from the dates -- nice and light.  The lamb meatballs were good I thought, but nothing to rave about.  Wasn't gaming like most lambs, but I thought the marinara sauce over powered everything.  Service was good nothing to say here.  The host was kind and attentive. - Enjoy!
4	I've only been to Tuck Shop once, after having dreamed of how amazing it would be and never finding myself in the area, which I think is the only real drawback. It's never in my line of sight, so to speak, and I occasionally only remember it when it's not convenient to go. That is also part of the charm though.So anyway, there I was making a daring move to go to a place I'd never been for my birthday (daring to my friends anyway), and it was one of the best experiences I've ever had. We sat at half of the community table, and even the pickiest of eaters found items they enjoyed on the menu. As for me, my eyes saw nothing but the home-brewed ginger ale (I make my own ginger simple syrup) and the chicken and waffles. The food was so amazing, no one spoke during most of it. And while they didn't have dessert really for the birthday girl, they brought me out a scoop of cookie dough, in a cute glass dish, with a candle on it. It was awesome they cared enough to make the best of the dessert menu they had.The vibe is very relaxing, even on a Saturday evening. The service was just the right speed and not at all too pushy and no one minded our birthday gifts and small chatter. To this day, friends are asking when we are going to go back. My answer is always, "Maybe my next birthday." This truly may become birthday ritual.
5	Love the Tuck Shop.  Been going there for almost 3 years.  The food and service are absolutely consistent fast and delicious.  Wonderful comfort food.  Skirt Steak is my fave.  Portion sizes are perfect.  Love the stuffed dates.  Fried chicken and waffles are delicious.  Fantastic cocktails by Laura.  John the manager does his best to fit everyone in with limited space and he treats regulars very well.  Tuck Shop = comfort. ( as soon as you figure out when the best time is to show up.  )
4	What a fantastic establishment. Initially I was a bit nervous about finding something on the menu that I would find to be a good "value" (overflavored and priced correctly v underflavored and overpriced). I went w 2 friends to celebrate their graduation and we all ordered a palte and shared each one. Lobster Mac and Cheease - i've been waiting a year to come back here and try this. VERY creamy, great chunks of lobster, and fantastic taste to it. It was one dish that we all kept picking fromPork tenderloin - this wasvery well done but was still tasty - though that might have been from the garnishment. All in all, it was a good filler with the other two but it didnt explode with tastes from heaven like the other twofried chicken and waffles - this was ultiamtely the most surprising dish on the table. This can either be done incredibly well or incredibly bland, and this was the former. It was all in the spices in breading on the chicken (which was extremely crispy but in a good way) and the savoriness in the waffle batter. We were all blown away by how tantalizing this wasAmbiance was great - didnt wait at all (8p arrival on Fri in May), lighting was dim but not dark, we got paid great attnention to and the drink selection was on point and not overwhelming (though it's always tough to pay $5 for a Four Peaks brew). None of us were too full after leaving which is key. One pt deduction - personally, my stomach did not agree with something i ate (could have been at or not at Tuck Shop, but that was the only meal i ate out at since Tue of that week), and that bug stayed with me for a full day after.
4	We went here for my 40th Birthday and it was yummy! I love all things quirky and this place is. Very romantic and fun. The tables and chairs are a modge podge of different styles, like it was all purchased from a garage sale and it just happens to all really work together. There are candles everywhere and on the tables there are small vases with water and sprigs of rosemary. They have a bar but we do not drink alcohol so we tried their citrus drink and lemonade. Both were delicious and light. I wish we could buy them at the store!At our waitresses recommendation I had the pork loin with spinach and fennel with a spicy cream sauce. There was a pear and mango sort of salsa on the pork which was very good!My husband had the waffles and chicken. The waffle is where Tuck Shop lost a star for us. The waffle came out burned, like parts of it were black. There was only one other couple dining there so it isn't like the kitchen was rushed and they could not have possibly missed that it was burned, like I said, parts of it were black. My husband raved about the fried chicken. I had a taste and it was cooked perfectly. The coating was spicy and crunchy but very thin (thin in a good way - like not a bunch of flour gooped on and fried sort of way) He is one of the pickiest eaters I have ever known and he really enjoyed his meal too. We shared a piece of chocolate cake with flan. I wasn't a huge fan but if you are into flan it probably would have been a winner. My husband enjoyed the bottom cake part of it. The cookie dough balls at the end were a treat. I wish we could have ordered a little box of those yummies to go! Our waitress was darling and attentive and I am glad we ventured into Phoenix to check out Tuck Shop. It was a treat!
5	it's like eating in your best friend's living room. so warm and inviting, the tuck shop lures you in with a very friendly atmosphere and delicious looking food. we showed up with another couple (they dont take reservations) and was told it was going to be an hour wait. we were already invested and really wanted to try out the menu, so we hunkered down at the bar and selected a couple of wines and beers and chatted it up with the bartender and other staff. bartender/staff were super friendly and full of helpful tips about pairings or which dishes were the best. 30 min later our table was ready (under promise and over deliver!) and we were well on our way to a fantastic meal.all plates are shareable so trying a little bit of everything is recommended.  started with the cheese curds (deep fried. NOM) and the wild mushroom salad. freaking fantastic, fresh, and clean. then the lamb meatballs came out. wow... just.. now i'm thinking i have to go back and eat them as i write this review. they were incredible flavorful and not gamey at all. just perfect balls of meat served on top of "spaghetti" (spaghetti squash) with a marinara sauce i wanted to steal the recipe for. just an incredible experience that you should share with friends/family/a hot date (because you'll totally get laid)!
5	Went here for my husband and I's anniversary dinner and we fell in LOVE! Not a great place to bring kids but trust me you will ENJOY spending time there with your friends or your spouse! We tried EVERYTHING but I love, LOVE the skirt steak!!!!
5	Fantastic cheese curds and Brussels sprouts. What an adorable place. Stopped here for appetizers before the d'backs game and definately coming back for dinner.
5	This place has the MOST comfortable comfort food I have ever tried.... My night ended in a food coma. So there.We walked in and were seated right away. I love the feel of this place. Warm, welcome, quirky, and just the kind of place I really enjoy. I notice a few large windows near a sofa. Sparce soft lighting. Different wooden tables. A strip of wood panels on the ceiling. Plenty of bar seating.  Art on the walls. What more can a girl like me ask for?Food, that's what. Oh and a beverage!David approached our table to tell us about the drink specials and then gave us a few minutes to decide. We decided on a couple dark and stormies.... Best I've ever had. Really.We placed our order for food and just to have it come out as it was ready. First came the cheese curds. My favorite bar food. Lightly beer battered, seasoned to perfection and delicious!  Next came the mac and cheese. Saucy, creamy, rich and well seasoned. Covered in proscutto, bread crumbs, and lobstah! I have a weakness for really good mac and cheese. This one is way, way up there. Then our chicken and waffles came out! Three crispy pieces of fried chicken perfectly scortched and well seasoned greenbeans and a huge sweet, flaky waffle smothered in butter. Finally it was desert time. David told us that the deserts change every few weeks and named what was available. We chose the Brazilian banana bread pudding. This desert was perfect. My friend and I shared these plates. Don't try to conquer all of them on your own. You will really end up in a real food coma. So. Much. Good. Food. I might still be in said food coma...Xx,Reesie
2	We stopped in to the Tuck Shop on Saturday night. We were pleased to be seated. We ordered Gin and tonics. They make their own tonic. My partner asked for Bombay with a wedge of lemon. He was told they have one kind of Gin and it comes with a cucumber, no substitutions. You can't have your cocktail with lemon. Is this the soup Nazi's new place? The waiter brought a plate with a lemon wedge but he almost seemed afraid that he would be caught. The drink tasted like cucumber he didn't want to drink it. We had a few small plates nothing great everything was extremely salty or extremely sweet. I think the chef has a problem with his/her palette
1	It is important to note that the one star rating has nothing to do with the food or atmosphere as we did not even get a chance to have dinner.  My one-star rating is personal and results from me and my family being super offended by the etiquette -- or lack thereof -- of this little gastroshop.  Nothing says, 'Children Not Welcome Here' like not providing a place for them to sit and have dinner.  No highchairs... really?First, I have heard SUPER great things about this great little hidden treasure.  I SO wanted the Tuck Shop to be my new fav.  My husband, child and are I are true foodies and as part of the Central/North Central community we truly love and support small, eclectic businesses that make up our cool little community.  When we pulled up to the Tuck Shop we were ready to become regulars!  So it was a huge disappointment when we got to our table and asked our server for a highchair for my daughter and his response was, 'We don't have highchairs.'  I was floored!  My husband and I spend a lot of time out and about and have never run into this situation.  After picking my jaw up off of the ground, I asked if children were not welcome at Tuck Shop.  Very flippantly, the server replied, 'No, we just don't have highchairs.'  Needless to say, I gathered my family and hit the road very offended and really not believing what just happened.  We have some pretty great places in our neighborhood... and they ALL accommodate children.  And for the record, I do not enjoy having dinner with screaming children.  I believe that if a child cannot behave properly in public, then they should not be in public.  This includes my child.  She has been carted to every restaurant in the Central/N. Central neighborhood so behaves better than some adults I have had the displeasure of dining with.  If she does happen to act her age in public, my husband or I quickly take her away so as not to disrupt the dining experience of others.  I realize not all parents follow our policy, but really Tuck Shop?  Seems like this 'No Children' policy was designed by a petulant and ill-mannered child.  Tuck Shop, me thinks you need a time-out.
5	So good and original. It's in the middle of a neighborhood which is cool. Highly suggest if you'r elike me and don't know what to try when looking for something new. Worth the cost, always solid service too.
3	Meh...  I've had better.  The decor was pleasant and trendy, and the waitresses seemed very friendly (well except for the guy who sat us, he looked like he really didn't give a crap if we were there or not), but the food was just meh...  I had the lemonade and it was a perplexing mixture of not enough lemon or sweetener.  It tasted so watered down that I wasn't even sure it was lemonade, and the sweetness was just barely there.  I even asked the waitress what it was to confirm that I actually received the lemonade.  (Everyone is raving about it here though, so I must've had a VERY bad batch... ?)We shared some cheese curds and they were very tasty.  Horribly greasy, but quite tasty.I got the lobster mac and cheese.  My macaroni noodles were mushy, the cheese was too greasy (puddle at the bottom of the bowl) and salty, the lobster was overcooked and chewy and the whole bowl was boiling hot; a tell tale sign it had either been under a heat lamp or microwaved.  Not exactly the wonderfulness on a fork that I envisioned.My husband got the meatloaf that was on special that night.  The red sauce that it was swimming in was very spicy in an acidic way (which is not a good thing) and the acidic nature of the red sauce clashed badly with the more muted, cheesy scalloped potatoes that accompanied the meatloaf.Overall this as a pretty weak (and expensive) experience at a restaurant that I had MUCH higher hopes for.   I'll try it one more time to be fair and then I'll decide for good if I just hit it on a bad night, or if it's just a case of 'average food in a trendy setting, being over hyped by soulless hipsters who (in a bitter twist of irony) have almost NO taste of their own'...  Probably the case.
4	My wife and I were in Phoenix for a relaxing weekend at a resort.  We spotted Tuck Shop on yelp and opted to give it a try.  We were very glad we did!  It's unfortunate they don't take reservations but even though they were busy we only waited about 20 minutes or so for a table.  If you do have to wait go over to Astor House, have a drink and chat up the staff.  The restaurant is small but not crowded.  They could probably squeeze in another table or two but I'm glad they didn't.The service is excellent and the food is unbelievable.  We shared the Nosh Plate and the Chicken and Waffles.  The Nosh Plate was good but the Chicken and Waffles was absolutely astounding!  The waffles were airy and tasty, the green beans were perfectly seasoned, and the Chicken was to die for.  I'm pretty sure they batter their chicken with crack...it's that good!We ended the dinner with the triple chocolate cake and that pretty much guaranteed the food coma goodness.  The bill came and it was very reasonable for what we got.  I stayed for business and my wife went home so before I go home I will be stopping by again solo...the wife is jealous!
5	Really cozy and tucked away, I enjoy that about some of the downtown gems. We had the cheese curds, chicken and waffles with string green beans and the steak. They were all really unique and delicious. The waffle ended up being one of my favorite parts of the meal:) also their homemade ginger ale was delicious. Our server was very nice and offered great suggestions. Good pick overall:)
5	Love this place. Very unexpected find in the middle of a neighborhood!  Don't miss the cheese curds and yummy brussel sprouts!
5	Tuck Shop is rad. The food is great. Laura the bartender is amazing and John the GM is pretty freakin' cool too. The Happy Hour is great with Four Peaks beer specials and my absolute favorite cocktail, the Vivian Ward (named after the famous hooker Julia Roberts played in Pretty Woman). You have to try this place if you're downtown, or anywhere for that matter. Don't miss it.
4	i've been meaning to come here for awhile now and glad that I did.  The place feels like someone's home:  warm, inviting, and relaxing.  In fact the waiting area was setup like someone's living area with couches, books, art, etc.We started off with a few cocktails and they make them good and strong!  The okra and shrimp came with some interesting dipping sauces and had quite a kick.  I am not a big southern comfort food fan but Tuck Shop does bring a nice, light touch their dishes.  The mac n' cheese was good but I expected it to be divine, especially with lobster added to it.  The baby lettuce salad was refreshing on a hot, summer night in the desert.  But the pork t-bone was my favorite of what we tried as it was juicy, well-seasoned and perfectly cooked.The servers were friendly and courteous and made the dining experience a great one.  Looking forward to going back1
4	The food here was excellent and on a thursday night no waiting. The brussel sprouts starter was superb but beware the 'mains to share' were barely enough for 1!!!!We ordered the Chicken Waffles to share and it was 3 pieces of chicken and 2 small waffles. Desert menu was only 2 items. Price for 2 with tip $60
2	This was a major disappointment.  We ordered Cheese curds. Greasy and bland. Nosh plate would have been better if the only thing offered was the salami. The onion pickle was way too sweet.  The herb farm cheese had an Indian spiced flavor. At this point I'm not sure how all these flavors can cohesively compete. And that's it!  They can't.  Mac n cheese was grainy and not hot enough.  The chicken and waffles was very disappointing.  The waffle was difficult to eat with a fork. I cut it and it kept crumbling. The white cheddar tasted like it was a powder...the kind you sprinkle on popcorn. Not good.  The chicken tasted over brined mixed with the breading, it was competing. The one dish I did enjoy was the skirt steak.  Perfectly cooked, nice mushroom gravy and mashed potatoes. We finished with a chocolate and caramel cake. Good but not great.  I liked that it was not overly sweet.  It was a little dry.The service could have been better. It took some time to get drinks and to order.  The runner had no clue who ordered what. Slow on drink refill. The table could have been cleared before we received our cake. We had to ask for forks for the cake.  It was a cool space.  Too bad the food just didn't do it for me.
5	Tuck is the best thing you can ask for in a neighborhood restaurant.  They value the local clientele with a genuine wink and nod, maybe a handshake or a "how's yer mom?" kind of comfortably friendliness. But, if you're not from the neighborhood it's ok! You'll be treated like part of the family anyways. The head of the house, John, is one of the easiest people to talk with I've ever met. My second visit was a month away from the first and there was not only a "hey welcome back!" but a few inquiries about a conversation from my first visit. Visits 3-6 were even better. His balance of friendly and professional is top of the charts. I pride myself on being easily social but this guy can talk to *anybody*.  Don't be afraid to sit at the bar, either. It's small and quaint and handled perfectly. I could swim in their gin and tonics. In fact, I think I have, it's kinda fuzzy. This is one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix, and I eat out a lot. It's also one of the smallest restaurants in Phoenix so take that into consideration. Friday night at 7 isn't the time to walk in and expect a table for five. However, I would wait longer here for the experience than I would for a Bianco pizza or a plate of Matt's Big Anything (both of which I'm willing to hang quite a while for!).
1	I checked out the web site - made plans with my wife for a date night - for her birthday.  Show up at tuck shop at 8pm on a Saturday night - and we are greeted with a sign that the place is reserved for the night!  Checked the web site and no message nothing - so off we went to find another place to eat.Would it kill then to post something on their web site...
5	One of the best places in Phoenix.
4	A little hard to find but great service and very filling food.
1	Pretentious.  Boring.  Nice atmosphere.My wife and I went early on a Saturday night, like 5:30 or 6.  Place was totally empty, but the host tried to put us at the table next to the bathrooms.  I suggested another table and we were reluctantly permitted to sit at a 4-top.  But we were sternly warned that if anybody else needed the table, we'd have to move or leave.  Seriously, the restaurant was empty and you were going to put us at your worst table?  Why punish your customers for arriving early?  And then be a jerk about it?  His attitude did not start things off well.  Food was bland.  Not innovative or hip.  Trying to be, but not.  Definitely overpriced.Decor and atmosphere were cool though.Oh, and the place didn't fill up before we left.  Most of the others were in groups of two, sitting at 4-tops.  I wonder how many of them were threatened too?Go to the Main Ingredient.  It's better in every way.
5	This place is amazing!  Every friend I bring here loves it.  The food is great for sharing and the drink specials can't be beat.  Great for a date or a crowd.
4	http://stevelerer.com/2012/10/29/review-tuck-shop/In Phoenix we decided to go a bit off the path and check out the Tuck Shop. This restaurant is located in outside neighborhood of Phoenix and we definitely were a little confused when driving down blocks of homes. The Tuck Shop just sort of pops up on you and looks like it could be a large home. But don't let outside appearances fool you, the inside was cool and sleek and the food was no joke.I was there with three other people and so we were able to try a bunch of appetizers. Our waiter was the type I always hope for, friendly and with great depth of knowledge of all the dishes on the menu. Based on his recommendations we ordered the cheese curds, the grilled baguette with roasted garlic, the roasted brussel sprouts, and the piece de resistance the stuffed Medjool dates. All of these appetizers were awesome! The baguette literally came with an entire garlic bulb in olive oil and was incredible. The garlic was roasted to perfection and spread like butter over the toasted bread. The brussel sprouts were also really delicious, they were lightly charred and caramelized with a delicious white wine and mustard glaze. The nice addition were the crushed almonds, they brought additional crunch and texture to the dish.Without a doubt though, the best appetizer was the recommended dish from Best Food Ever on the Travel Channel. The stuffed Medjool dates were filled with a combination of chorizo and gruyere chesse and cooked to a sweet finish. The sweetness of the date was balanced by the spicy chorizo and the cheese made the entire dish creamy and long lasting on the palette. These dates were the best things I ate that night and possibly the best dish I have tried in Phoenix to date. After our appetizers I moved on to my dinner order. Unfortunately, they did not have the recommended fontina stuffed meatloaf so I went with two other options. First, the Times Mac & Cheese with crispy prosciutto, breadcrumbs, and oh yeah, the up-charge of $4 for some lobstah! Not just lobster, lobstah...hipsters. The mac and cheese was creamy with al dente pasta. The prosciutto added the needed salt to the dish and well, yeah there was lobster. Cooked well and really tasty but I'm not entirely sure I'm sold on the combo. I know that the trend is out there to make this down home dish high class but I think you can make it decadent without adding lobster. But this is coming from the guy who had a caviar mix-in for his mashed potato bar at his wedding, so who am I to judge.My last dish was the big recommendation from our waiter, the Pine AZ skirt steak. Those who know me well know that I am a sucker for shirts steak and mashed potatoes. Skirt steak was one of my favorite mom cooked dishes so I am a good judge. This steak was rubbed with a dry rub and then cooked in its own juices. It arrived super tender to the point where a knife was almost unneeded. Topping the steak were sauteed mushrooms that added a nice earthiness to the dish. Along side the steak were creamy parmesan mashed potatoes which added some needed salt to the entree. Each individual piece of this dish worked well individually and combined and I was more then happy to try them each way. This was a great recommendation by our server and even though I had so much before it, I had no problem cleaning my plate.The Tuck Shop was a great choice for our dinner that night even if it was a bit of a trek from our hotel. Next time I am in Phoenix I will go back again and I recommend that you check it out too. Great service, nice decor, and good food made for a memorable dinner.Overall Review: 7/10
4	Noisy and cramped but the food is very good ad very different. Highly recommended. Don't think about it, just go!
5	I can't say enough great things about the Tuck Shop!  I have been there a handful of times and every time they are gracious and inviting.  A few of those occasions I have been with a group of people and we always get loud and rowdy.  But I never feel like we need to calm down.  The owner and servers always remember me which make me feel oh so special!  The menu changes quite frequently but my absolute favorites, cheese curds and the skirt steak are staples that never change.  I am actually heating up my left over tomato casserole right now!  If you go on the night where the special is fish and chips, do not hesitate, order them.  The best fish and chips I have ever had.  My mouth is watering just thinking about them...
5	What a magnificent restaurant! After four exceptional visits, I decided it was time to show some love. The food is a knockout, the service is always friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere is pitch-perfect. I always feel like I'm at a great dinner party in the fabulous home of a great local chef. Let's talk food:1. Cheese Curds - Basically the best fried things ever. At $5, just get them and laugh at the idiots eating something by the same name at Culver's.2. Brussel Sprouts - I can't remember the exact description, but they were crazy good. My boyfriend and I actually had to bargain for the last spoonful.3. Stuffed Medjool Dates - That perfect melding of sweet/rich/spicy/salty. I wanted more, but I maintained my composure because the entree arrived as we ran out.4. Pork Tenderloin - This was perfection. Tender/perfectlycooked/juicy/flavorful/gorgeous grilled tenderloin. I thought I'd had great pork, but I was sorely mistaken. The sweetness from the date butter was just unbelievable. I've had my share of pork with some sort of apple concoction. That's all fine and good, but nothing has ever come close to this. I can't wait to go back to have this dish again.5. Chicken & Waffles - The ultra-crunchy breading on the most perfectly cooked piece of chicken ever. As a boy from Kentucky, I can't say that this was the best fried chicken of my life, but it absolutely ranked among the greats. (Actually, I might give the crown to Arrogant Butcher on their fried chicken night). The white cheddar waffle is unlike anything I've had. Crazy addictive and strange. Highly recommended6. Ribs Special - So here is where I felt that I could have passed. They were very good ribs, but they weren't in the realm of Earth-shattering. Although, I am unfairly comparing them to the best joints in Memphis.7. Bread Pudding - silent weeping with one hand raised to the heavens. Praise.8. Beet Chip Spinach Salad - What fun! Just loved the balance flavors and textures. Great salad to get for the table and share.The thing about Tuck Shop is that they take a food that you think you know, and they make it better than you thought it could ever be.
3	I tried to go to the Tuck Shop about a year ago. But it was so packed that the wait for a table was over a hour. I decided not to wait cause i was huunnggrrryyy! About 2 weeks ago. Me and my lady was thinking of a place to go for dinner. She mentioned the Tuck Shop and off we went to try it. The crowd was nowhere near as crowded as before so i was very excited to be trying this food finally i heard so much about. My verdict..it was just ok. I heard the chicken and waffles were the greatest. The waffles tasted a little burnt but they were still good. The chicken was very good. I did like the batter they fried the chicken in. But i'm strange as in i don't care that much for freshly made fried chicken. I love to eat cold chicken the next day after it's been sitting in the fridge and all the seasoning has some time to really settle in. The next day the chicken was very good. My girl got the Mac & Cheese with Lobstah (that's how it's spelled in the menu). I really liked there Mac & Cheese. I highly recommend that. The  biggest disappoint for me was the drinks. If you read my review for The Breadfruit. i went on about the Dark & Stormy drink. One of the things that attracted me to the Tuck Shop was i heard everyone go on about the Dark & Stormy there. There Dark & Stormy is nowhere near the caliber of the Breadfruit. After we had dinner at the Tuck Shop. We went down the road to have a Dark & Stormy at the Breadfruit. I will go to The Tuck Shop again to try some of the other meals they got. So my rating could change. Our bill came up to $50. That was for 2 drinks and 2 entrees. That was about around what i expected to spend. But i was expecting more from The Tuck Shop.
5	The meal was amazing, a salad and an entree was perfect for two. Highly recommend the pork t-bone and the gin and tonics (note the plural). The ambiance and service were spectacular. This place is a breath of fresh air.
5	My ex-boyfriend and long-time friend lives in Vegas and has pretty high standards when it comes to dining and entertainment.  My family has all lived in Phx for years, but I am a recent transplant from Tucson, so when we visited in August, I had to rely on the people of Yelp to assist me in discovering new places for a couple of 30 something foodies.  With it's central location, yummy food, and fabulous vibe, this spot is now on my list of regular dinner spots.It is a house-turned-restaurant, so it's not a spot you will just stumble upon.  You have to know where you are headed.  The interior is very tastefully decorated and modern. The chefs are creative and offer new menu choices (including desserts) so you always have something new to try.  Down side is you might not be able to get it next time you come in!
4	Tasty!! I ordered the stuffed dates and the skirt steak. Both were pretty good. I'd definitely go back and try other things on the menu.What I liked most about this place was definitely the atmosphere - cozy and friendly!
5	This place is unbelievably amazing! I went with a group of GF's and we all had a great time. My tip is go with people who like to share. We ordered a bunch of stuff and shared everything. From the cute and cozy atmosphere to the amazing and creative food! This is a must go to restaurant! Everything we ordered was delicious! The Chicken & Waffles are just as good as everyone raves about -MUST TRY! The Cheese Curds melt in your mouth! The Skirt Steak is very tender and well-seasonedThe Chorizo Dates- YUMMMM, anything stuffed with Schreiner's sausage is AMAZINGWe tried both the brownie & pineapple upside down cake- Definitely go with the brownie if you like chocolate!I can't wait to go back
4	Tuck shop you've got nothing on Lo Lo's Chicken and waffles. I wanted to love your chicken and waffles, but it was too weird. Cheese in the waffle? The pork Tenderloin saved the day for us. It is well worth returning solely for that dish. The atmosphere is great, the service was par, the price was reasonable. I would recommend this establishment to others and I will return.(for the pork tenderloin)
5	I loved it! I have heard good things about this place for a while now, but for some reason, never think to go there when I am trying to figure out dinner arrangments. The night we went, there was some concert going on at the little hall (I'm not really sure what it was exactly) across the street, so parking was scarce. The neighborhood that Tuck Shop is tucked away in is cute, and thankfully there were not many parking restrictions that we could see. We wound up having to park a little over a block away, so it wasn't too bad.When we got there, there were several people waiting (a party of two and a party of 12, so it looked a lot busier than it was), but we were seated in less than 10 minutes. Both the host and our server were incredibly kind, funny and outgoing. They really made it feel like they knew you, like you had been there a thousand times before.We started with the Savory Simon Hand pies stuffed with sausage, kale and apple. They were amazing, though I didn't taste the slightest hint of apple. The chorizo stuffed medjool dates were incredible. Perfect amounts of sweet and spicy melded together. I could have madea meal of just the dates and hand pockets. The mac and cheese was really good, but from from being as special as the dates or hand pockets. We then split an entree. We had the Vovo's favorite which was cannolini stuffed with cheese and catfish and topped with more cheese and a green chili sauce. Wow! The flavors complimented eachother perfectly. It was wonderful. It was an all around perfect dinner, from service, to wine to food. Can't wait to come back!
4	Gotta love a place that has Grandma Goldie's clock & old school chairs as part of the decor!  We started with tomato casserole (heaven on a plate) & Shreiner's stuffed dates. Not really hungry anymore - had to try the duet: stuffed portobello & red pepper as well as the handcakes with kale & romanesco sauce (empanada-ish)!  Yumm!!!  Definitely a place to revisit & enjoy small plates. They care deeply about their wine & was much appreciated!
4	The "comfort" food available is delicious. It's not your typical restaurant with its unique twist on neighborhood food. The service was great and very attentive. The decor was simple but interesting and didn't distract your company but allowed for an interesting conversation piece. The cocktails were made carefully and tasted delicious. The only problem I had was that the menu wasn't vast and that it was a bit pricey. If you're with a picky eater, check the menu out before sitting down. Personally, I don't like the hours since they are tight but I understand them.
5	One of the best meals I had in 2012. Food was astoundingly good across the board.
5	The food is amazing.  So naturally the place can get packed.  This is by far the best place to go for a late weekday night date night.  The atmosphere is classy and unique, but during any peak hours it will be crazy busy, cramped and loud, but still well worth it.THE FOOD is EXCELLENT!!  The servers are all very cool and fun to talk to.This place is a must, but for the best experiance stay away during common dinning hours.
4	It's been too long since I've eaten here. I love this place. It's cozy, relaxed and stylish. I The one and only critique is that I wish their menu had more options. However, everything that I've tried is delicious. I love the dates stuffed with chorizo and manchego cheese.  If you haven't tired Tuck Shop, you should :)
4	Tuck-ed away in a neighborhood, this is a small gem. The atmosphere is cozy and it's intimate without being too personal. Lots of hip foodies here. And lots of yummy cocktails too.The most memorable dish for me was the chorizo dates. So good. So fun to split tapas-style items with my date that night. I'll be back!
5	This was my restaurant of choice when I lived in Phoenix. I came here for 4 birthdays in a row. My birthdays that is. Service is always spectacular. Its been said before but the chorizo stuffed dates are not to be missed. The only downside is over-ordering and walking out of here in a comfort food coma.
4	I have been so excited for Tuck shop since I heard from my Phx peeps that it opened (prob like 2 years ago!), and was anxious to try it out when in town last weekend. First of all, I love the location in a random not-yet-gentrified neighborhood. The space itself is really cool - they renovated an old house and put in a big community table surrounded by smaller tables. Off to one side is a little mid-century modern "living room" with hip furniture and some old timey toys and knick knacks (for instance, those things that are filled up with water and you push the button to force the little pieces of glitter or whatever's inside there up and try to fit it into some little point-scoring area....kind of like underwater pinball...not sure if you know what I'm talking about, but my grandma used to have a bunch of those things that we would play with).The menu is small, and about half devoted to tapas, with the other half for entrees. For tapas, we had chorizo stuffed dates (I don't like dates), ropa viejas chili (loved it), mac & cheese (very good, but not great), and garlic bread (do not order this unless you are seriously into garlic. it comes with a whole thing of garlic cut in half and roasted on the side.....and that's it!). For the entrees, we split the chicken & waffles and the red beans & rice. I did not like the red beans, but others really did, so I leave that as a personal preference. The chicken & waffles were really good, though. The waffles are cheesy, so not sweet, and the chicken is fried in a spicy delicious batter. The free dessert of a cookie dough bite is a cute touch at the end.Best of all, I thought, were the cocktails. Ok, actually, I'm very pregnant and I didn't have a cocktail, but they did make me a 'citrus soda' from their house sweet & sour, and it was really delicious, and not too sweet. Others tried to the house made ginger ale, which was extremely ginger-y, as expected. Bonus points for a really good beer list at excellent prices ($4 kiltlifter every day, and $3 at happy hour!)
5	AMAZING, every time. They make their own seltzer for their drinks, and it's amazing.
3	Look for the tiny alphabet blocks and know you're going through the right door!  Finally made it to Tuck Shop and found it charming.  The best thing about it is that it's another local gem. We had the pork t-bone which was very meaty and catfish cakes which were just OK. Would definitely get something else next time, maybe small plates and side?  Friends had chicken and waffles, they looked good but didn't make me green with envy.
3	Went on a Friday night around 7 pm without a reservation and was told that it would be about a 45 minute wait.  They directed us next door to Astor House where we could have some drinks and appetizers, so that's what we did.  There, we ordered the gumbo appetizer, which turned out to be the size of a full-on entree for two.  That filled us up, but after waiting for all that time for a table at Tuck Shop we were reluctant to just leave it at that, thus more eating ensued once we finally got a table.We ordered the salmon hand pie, which was good but not great.  I also wanted to try to stuffed medjool dates which I heard a lot about here on yelp, but was left disappointed.  My boyfriend ordered the skirt steak which was delicious.  Luckily we didn't order dessert because we got one for free when we got our check.  Overall, I had higher expectations but I still enjoyed our dining experience so I might come again.
3	Very trendy, and a lot of our friends genuinely love this place. To me it is upscale overpriced comfort food trying to look chic. Not my favorite combo. I'll take a good diner, with a melancholy waitress any time
5	Cheese curds, chicken and waffles, Mac N Cheese with lobstah, oh the list goes on and on with this amazing restaurant. Nestled in the cute Coronado Historic District, the Tuck Shop has once again struck a positive cord with this Yelper. I've been here 3 times and have yet to be disappointed. The service is excellent and the food is to die for! Their chicken and waffles rock, although I will say that LoLo's edges them out on the fried chicken part, the cheddar crusted waffles and the corn and pineapple medley are superb! I will be back again and again and again and again and again and again and again......you get my drift
4	Fabulous food, interesting menu.  My only issue with this place is that they refuse to seat you until your entire party is there.  Even though we've told them how many there will be and exactly what they want to order, they still refuse.  It's annoying.
5	Still great! Unique. Unpretentious. Proud to take friends here.
5	All of the good things a great restaurant should have--excellent, unique food, friendly staff, great bar. Cozy, intimate and relaxing. It's the perfect to place to have the first of 100th date, catch-up with an old friend, or just to enjoy some of the best food in Phoenix. That being said, the food is very reasonably priced as are the drinks given the quality of each.
5	I found this place on a mission with Tia- my partner foodie in crime.  What a little piece of joy! Comfort food with soul, its got class, its got style.. its bad-ass!  A new favorite place in town.  I cannot wait to take my baby back!
4	The fried cheese curds are delicious. The rest of the food was good too. I think I had a salmon special. Service was good. My only issue was a small one. I ordered a coffee and it was served with one sugar cube. I am a person who likes my cream and sugar with some coffee in it, LOL. I asked for some artificial sweetener and was brought two packets. Really? I'm not going to empty your sugar caddy into my purse, I just want to drink my coffee the way I like it. Anyway, I didn't want to bother with it any further so I drank what I could and went on my way. If I was in the area I would go back.
5	Love the look of the restaurant. Very clean and comfortable.Service is stellar. The staff are knowledgeable and are helpful without being overly intrusive.The real star of the show here is the food. Simply amazing. I love how the menu is partitioned. The dishes come in appetizer portions for sharing, which means you can sample a good part of the menu in just one visit.Cheese curds: You cannot go wrong. Lightly battered and fried in NEW oil; yes I can taste and see the difference!Pea Shoot Salad: A revelation. Pea shoots? Bacon? It works! And the parmesan tuille is the stuff of legend. I normally don't order salads in restaurants, but this wins me over. A must try!Beef Milanesa: Simply put, one of the most flavorful dishes on the menu. Beet Canneloni: Tastes like a dessert! Wonderful!Tuck Shop is one of the finest restaurants in Phoenix to take a date to. Hurry! Go!
5	This is as good as it gets for ambiance and great food and being walking distance from where I live in Central Phoenix. The host is always friendly and his suggestions of the most popular dishes were right on the money this time: Beef Milanesa, Beet Cannelloni, and the Pea Shoot Salad are all top notch. And you always have to get the fried cheese curds to start. Their service is always professional and friendly. Don't walk but run to this place!
5	Love! Love! Love!!!!!! So charming!EVERYTHING was AMAZING!! A group of us tried pretty much everything on the menu and every plate was licked clean.  The fried cheese curds were my fave.  I also found a new favorite local wine! Dos Cabezas red wine : )
5	One of our go-to faves around town. The place is intimate, architecturally-pleasing, and has lighting that makes everyone look great, and that's only if their delicious booze doesn't do the trick fast enough. It's comfort food that actually works, and probably more technical and better prepared and presented than what gramma made (sorry gramms). Their seasonal menu is quite diverse in its choices, and although it looks short, there's something for everyone... maybe even enough to keep you coming back for more.
5	This place is great. Everything from the atmosphere to the music the staff and the food.  A great place for date night, or just a nice evening out with great food. Will return many times in the future.
5	OK, how can I possible expound upon my fellow Yelpers!?I LOVE this little place.  It's nearly perfect.  Let me start at the end: FINALLY!  FINALLY someone gets it, and has opted to try what I have been telling my friends for years...if a restaurant would just give you a little something, a tiny chocolate, something to end the meal, it would be perfect!  And damn, if Tuck doesn't deliver!I loved my meal, and my 7 other friends were absolutely blown away by the quality of the food.  But I have to say, the most wonderfully suprising little dish is the Quinoa Cakes: crunchy, flavorful, light, and unusual...all my favorite things!And for a girl from Wisconsin, I was pleasantly surprised and delighted by the Cheese Curds.  Y.U.M.And I agree with Jen R. when she states that "just about everything about this restaurant feels good."  The lighting was perfect and warm, the furniture, modern, the service was incredibly prompt.  And Tuck was part of a very happy night for me!  Thank you, Tuck Shop!
5	Great place to go in Phoenix.  Everything is good, never had a friend not like this place.  Chicken and Waffles are fantastic!!!!  Also his other place Vovomeema is out of this world.
4	Awesome! Food trucks are amazing!!
5	Best Restaurant in all of Phoenix. There is not a dish or drink here that isn't special. The Chicken and Waffles is tender and tasty. Any beet dish they make is a must-have. House-made tonic and ginger ale are perfect pairs for Tito's. Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.
5	First time here; everything was amazing.What brought me in was that they had happy hour all night Tuesday - Thursday, what I will go back for are the amazing flavor combos.Drink: Spicy rum and homemade ginger ale. - This tasted amazing, although it reminded me of Thanksgiving. ($5)Appetizer: Duck Tostadas - great flavor, a little difficult to eat with your hands (wouldn't recommend ordering on a first date), wasn't sure about the plum dressing, but the flavor was good enough that I would order this again.Small Plate - I am not a huge mac and cheese person; but I was won over. Sharing Plate - Beet Cannelloni; this was simply amazing. Would absolutely order this again. The color and flavor combinations were so surprising and deliciousDessert - Only opted for the complimentary cookie dough; which was perfect to signal the end of the meal.I left feeling very satisfied, and the service was really friendly. I recommend sitting at the bar. The bartender actually brought dishes by so we could see them as we ordered since we told her this was our first visit. She was very thoughtful.
4	Been here a couple of times and tonight was just as good as the last trip.  The cheese curds?  Melt in your mouth.  The lobster mac and cheese?  Rich, decadent goodness.  Four of us split two main dishes.  The mahi-mahi and the pork tenderloin.  Both meats were cooked to perfection and the presentation was awesome.  I only wish we had saved room for dessert.  Their drink menu has a good selection of beer and wines and we each enjoyed the ones we got (I got the red triple zin FYI).  Their food menu isn't lengthy, but what they do make, they make exquisitely.  A great fit in the exploding downtown food scene.  If you enjoy the pass around and share concept, this is as good as it gets.
4	FINALLY went for dinner and it didn't disappoint. The food is top notch, and although we sat at the bar we were quite comfortable. We ordered a start, a smaller plate and a sharing plate and split each one. Every bite was a true pleasure. These, along with the INCREDIBLE whiskey sours (all mixers are made in house - huge plus if you like cocktails as we do) left us well satisfied. Will return in a heartbeat. Atmosphere is a relaxed hip-no pretension here-and while it is a small place it's not overly crowded or noisy. Great energy compliments the food and drink which is top shelf. If you are looking for a local place that you will want to come back to and bring  your family and friends-this is a good spot to check out. We would have given them 5 stars, but we called from the parking lot to ask if there was a wait for two and were told no wait. When we walked in, the wait was 45+ minutes. We were lucky because we were immediately seated at the bar, but this is a turn-off as far as we were concerned. End note: The bartender (forgive us - Lori, Laurie, or Lauren) was an excellent bartender, was able to help us decide what to order, and her choices were dead-on!
4	First time here, and I wasn't disappointed.  The decor and atmosphere were warm and inviting.  Our server was friendly and informative, as well as being attentive without hovering.  My wife and I shared the pork tenderloin and the Mac and Cheese.  Both were portioned perfectly and tasted great.  The desert of Pear Upside-down Cake was a bit dry, and not very inspiring.When we were leaving, the General Manager was there to see us off and was extremely warm and gracious.  We WILL be coming back.
5	Seriously?Oh my gosh. I can't even. Comfort Food. It's so good. Okay. So my first time ever going to Tuck Shop, I was like.. I don't know about this random little restaurant that literally is tucked away...But then I tasted the first bite of the appetizer and immediately realized the mistake I had made by pre-judging this adorable little restaurant. Like I said... little. It's pretty small inside, but ALWAYS busy. How can it not be busy with food that tastes so great and amazing wine specials to match. It's like Tuck Shop was invented for the sole purpose of making your mouth happy. I need to stop. I'm getting hungry thinking about it.The stuffed dates are perfect. If you decide to try Tuck Shop, do yourself a favor and try them. The Beef Cannelloni is fabulous as well. Mac and Cheese. OMG. And, although I am NOT a chicken and waffle kind of gal, it is so good here. I couldn't help but want to order it again. Needless to say, Tuck Shop is easily a favorite and one that I will be returning to in the near future.
2	I have to preface this by saying that I'm a vegetarian so I may be slightly skewed in my review. Yes this is "comfort food" and I understand that doesn't mean healthy. However, the dish I ordered came out in a pool of grease.  The "baked eggplant"  tasted bland and oily, and all the while the bartender (we sat at the bar) kept raving about how delicious the food was. Hmmm not so much. We also had a salad, pretty good but small for the price, and an appetizer. This was the mixed rellenos which were a little better but missing...something.  My fiance had one of the rellenos with beef in it and he said it was grisly. All together, the bill came to over $80 for one salad, an appetizer and an entree, plus two drinks. I would come here for just wine but nothing more.
4	Cool dining experience! We came here for dinner while on a road trip and were impressed. Food was awesome (Stuffed Chorizo Dates!!!); the waiter was totally hospitable and gave us great tips for where to get a drink afterwards; the bathroom, which I find really important in a restaurant, was very clean, extremely cool, and puzzle-like.
5	Get out of the 'burbs, people - downtown Phoenix is where it's at! I've visited the Phoenix area four times in the past year, and on every trip, I ask somebody to take me downtown. The usual responses are: "Um, I've never been there," "Why?" "Nobody goes there," "There's nothing downtown."On all my previous trips, I begrudgingly listened to them and kept eating at the plethora of urban Italian wine bar places that seem to run rampant in this area. You know what I'm talking about - dark, "trendy," lots of bruschetta, pizzas, and wine. Well, on this trip, I decided to take the reigns and just go downtown. I grabbed some colleagues and just drove into the center of downtown Phoenix. I pulled over at a gas station and whipped out my iPhone to use my beloved Yelp app to find a dinner spot. And that's when I was pointed to Tuck Shop.As I drove down the dark, residential street, my navigation system led me to what looked like somebody's house. After nervously parking (Is this really it?!), my friends and I walked inside to one of the most pleasant surprises! The inside of Tuck Shop is beautiful, homey, and very mid-century modern.We were warmly greeted by the staff and sat in their comfortable waiting space and had classic cocktails. Do yourself a favor and get the house-made ginger ale and whiskey. Yum!For dinner, here's what we had:* cheese curds - delicious little fried bites of heaven* chorizo-stuff dates - sweet and spicy* mac and cheese with "lobstah" - two of my friends got this and raved over it* beet cannelloni - earthy and delicious* chicken and waffles - perfectly cooked chicken with light and crispy wafflesWe all left that night extremely happy that we ventured downtown and discovered such a fantastic place!
4	I recommend a visit for two. Order one thing from each part of the menu: Start, Smaller Plates, For Sharing, Finish. We did just that and had an unexpected and delicious experience. We shared everything. The dishes came out one after another and not one disappointed in flavor or aesthetic. We found drinks to compliment the meal. Our service was excellent.
4	Great food, love the cheese curds. Small little environment. So it's quite a bit more expensive than I typically would spend at a restaurant in central Phoenix but it's still a great spot to go with friends--one of those you should at least try. Had the chicken and waffles and a great gingery cocktail. Get a few things, and share with friends. Yum.
5	Amazing Comfort Food - quinoa cakes, cheese curds, white cheddar rosemary chicken and waffles...perfect 10!!  We'll be back!
5	I wish I lived in Phoenix, if only I could go to Tuck Shop every week!  The pulled pork sandwich was to-die-for, and the sides that came with it were great!  While you'd usually find such fare at a down-home BBQ joint, this meal was as classy as it gets--I had a glass of wine to go with it.  Very classy place--perfect for a date night or fun girls dinner!
2	This was not my first time there.....last time I had a much better meal.  I can't say that anything was really bad, but the portions were so small and the prices were rather steep considering the size of the portion.  I ended up going out a couple hours after dinner to another restaurant for an appetizer as I was still hungry.  There are too many restaurants in the area that are better and less expensive so this will probably be my last visit here for awhile.
5	Amazing experience from start to finish! The duck tacos, mac and cheese with lobstah', Piri Piri shrimp and chorizo dates were so delicious! I wanted to drink the broth from the shrimp. Our martinis were also very good, they make their own mixers. Service throughout dinner was excellent. Wonderful dining experience! I look forward to eating here again.
5	This place is just perfect. The food is amazing. Stuffed Medjool Dates is worth every dollar and I had one of Vovo's Favorites, which was a fish dishwith mango-like sauce and risotto or polenta or something like that. Whatever it was, it was good. At the very end of the meal, you get a cookie dough ball which is just.. ahhh amazing.This is my second time being here. I had the chocolate cake at the end last time, and it was so mouthwateringly good. I just didn't get it this time because I ate so much I was almost in pain. This is a great place for a date night. Ambience is dim lit light and semi-casual.
4	My wifey and I came here last night. I had seen this while browsing through for some place good to eat since I didn't want to go to Macaroni Grill or Outback. Parking was lacking but I guess it's fitting for a place that can probably fit like only two dozen people. There's additional parking across the street like a stone's throw away and I guess you could always try parking along the street.We came in and the first thing I saw...young female hipsters, ha. Turned my head and saw a Ipad laying there and was like, "I knew it!" Nonetheless, I figured, this place will be interesting. The interior was actually pretty nice. Small, maybe like two dozen people could be in here but it was nice. There was wood paneling. The lights were dimmed to set a cozy, intimate environment with some light music playing the background. We were seated fast and got glasses of water and a menu fast. We looked at the menu. Their beverage menu is alright, befitting a cozy hole in the wall with some choice drafts and some decent wine. She had moscato. I didn't feel like drinking soda or alcohol so I kept my water. The prices were alright. Decent on the entrees but a little more than expected on the appetizers. We had got the cheese curds which were good (They're not Wisconsin good but still pretty decent) and garlic baguettes served with a herb roasted garlic clove and olive oil for spread which, was delicious. Here's where you can definitely tell this place is very good for dates...the Entrees portion was called "For Sharing...". They give you decent enough portions to share amongst two people. Very nice. We picked out the rib eye since my lady was craving red meat (lol, no pun). I got a small brisket taco on the side which came with a guacamole with a slight kick to it. It's no Thai hot but had a decent kick to it.  The taco was actually stacked pretty high with brisket meat and some minced vegetables. It was VERY good. The rib eye came with a side of grilled carrot brochettes and baby potatoes. She really liked the carrots. Dessert was two FREE cookie dough balls with chocolate drizzle.Frankly, I thought everything was good. The only reason why I gave four stars instead of five was because my lady disliked our server's speed in service. My lady had remarked that there wasn't many people here and we still had to wait a more than reasonable amount of time and our server was just chatting. I saw but thought nothing of it but the woman is always right...never argue, ever. It's too cold to sleep on the couch these nights. Other than that, I figured this place is worth a visit and I wouldn't mind coming back again.
5	PSSHHHHH #whoa. This place is so cool that is gets that as my opening statement for this review. I love this place, it has that hidden bungalow house vibe that you can find a lot all over Austin, TX. Very hip and trendy feeling without being pretentious. The wait staff was very friendly and attentive without being all up in my business. It was great. I got the Chicken and Waffles dish which is one of the really popular items on the menu and my buddy got the cheese curds. Cheese curd weren't anything out of the ordinary with flavor but they were as solid cheese curds could be without trying to add any additional flavor flare to them. The chicken and waffles delicious. The chicken was cooked very tender. The flavor of the breading again not out of this world but there was something about it that just made it feel good, just like they describe it, solid comfort food that really is the perfect description because thats how you feel when you eat here and my favorite part the green beans. Now those were seasoned to perfection! I really like this place and I can't wait to try everything on the menu!
4	Cute place, embedded in the neighborhood.  Comfort food but done to a higher standard than any diner.  Wish it wasn't 20 miles from home.
5	Absolutely amazing experience: let's break it down.. ambiance, food, service.Ambiance: This is a converted house that has some individual tables and then has some more family style tables. It has a partially open kitchen and a quaint little bar. There is a waiting area that somewhat mirrors and adult play pen or nursery (yes the adult kind).. Games, books, comfy chairs. So if you are waiting to be seated, you can camp out there. It's actually kinda cool.Food - absolute deliciousness. Starters: Cheese Curds and Grilled Baguette; Smaller Plates: Goat Cheese Salad, Mac n Cheese; For Sharing: Veggie and Ricotta Ravioli, Chicken and Waffles, Spiced Steak, and Salmon and Shrimp Cakes. Surprisingly, I thoroughly enjoyed the veggie and ricotta ravioli the most. I then enjoyed the cheese curds and the baguette.. they smokey dip served with it was AMAZING.Service - our waiter was a gem. Had an opinion about the menu, offered suggestions, checked on us at regular enough intervals. It was awesome. I believe the thing that made the experience the best was how they accommodated our group without reservations and were honest with us to say that we could be sat as long as we were finished within 2 hours because their was a reservation at our table. I thought that was awesome because they could have easily said "full house".. I've been to some places like that.
5	Simply put: one of the best restaurants if not THE best in Arizona. Flavor flavor flavor! Each dish is incredibly rich in flavor and completely different from every plate. Go at 5p to get half off on the "starts" appetizers.
4	Very tasty food with a great atmosphere. A bit on the pricey side but worth the splurge. It's a great addition to the Coronado neighborhood!
4	Awesome dinner spot with fresh, farm-to-table dishes that are perfect for sharing.Grab a spot at one of the long rustic, communal tables and order one of their homemade Gin & Tonics - yum! Then have fun browsing the unique menu and ordering up some yummy dishes to share. 3 things not to miss:1) Gin & Tonic - its not your average G&T! Tuck Shop makes their own tonic, so the drink has a lovely warm bitter flavor. 2) Beer Battered AZ Cheese Curds - they're perfectly crunchy on the outside and creamy & gooey on the inside!2) Chicken & Waffles- This is definitely one of the larger dishes on the menu, and great to share. The chicken is crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside - perfectly balanced with the sweet waffles drizzled with warm syrup.
4	I want to start out by saying, the reason I am giving this restaurant a 4 is because the service and ambiance. The food was just alright. We started with the cheese curds and they were yummy.  For dinner I had the chicken and waffles and my husband ordered the meat loaf special. I did not care for the breading on the chicken and the waffles were heavy and bland. My husband enjoyed his meal and said he would order it again. We will definitely give this place another try.
5	I have to be honest, I am very jealous that Coronado had this and it's sister restaurant right in the middle of their neighborhood. The Tuck Shop is phenomenal. The atmosphere and service are impeccable. If you are lucky enough not to get sat right away when you visit (no mistake, I said lucky), the waiting area is a little library where the host will bring you drinks. It is a great way to start the evening. The food was good, albeit not amazing, they definitely get their five star rating from atmosphere and service. We went for the first time about a week ago and got cheese curds, a cream of broccoli soup, the chorizo stuffed dates and the chicken and waffles. All were good, worthy of purchase on a future trip, but none of them blew our socks off. I definitely recommend, I just might try something else.
4	4.5 stars!! This place is so comforting, yet cool, and the food is really good and the drinks are, too. We had the gin and tonics.Our dinner tonight was for business. When a vendor pays, everything tastes great, no? But this place was good good we cannot wait to return for more of the lovely cocktails. Decent portions, fair prices. The service was attentive and made very good food recommendations.We had the beets, which are a good appetizer to share, however we were most surprised they are warm, as we are used to a pickled beet appetizer. These were still quite good, and perfectly prepared. The second amuse bouche was the brisket tacos. Highly priced at $3 per taco, but wow, wow, wow! They are small but oh-so-wonderful! We cannot complain when such a food is so tantalizing!Our mains were the skirt steak and fried chicken with waffles. Green beans fresh and cooked not a minute too long. Just right. Seasoning a little much, but overall good. The chicken is cooked there to perfection. Perfection! Bravo, Tuck Shop! We will be back...soon!The place is genuinely cool. Just loved it there. Lots of good parking across the street if the small lot is full. Easy peasy to get in and get served on a Wednesday night. No reservations required, but it did fill up as we sat and ate. Big tables would need a reservation (6+?)
5	What a great place! What a funny location. The restaurant and bar are really, really well done. There is a beautiful patio behind the building and the interior is art deco inspired. We sat at the bar and started dinner with a salad  and their version of a brisket taco .  Really unique and really great.  For our entrees we had an amazing fried chicken dish that might have been the best chicken I have ever had .Overall, great experience , great service and I would definitely go back!
4	Literally, "tucked" into a neighborhood, it would be easy to miss.  The lobster mac n' cheese was stellar as were our Dark N' Stormies.  Definitely a cute little hipster place.  Service was great and it didn't get too loud.
3	Came in town for work and craving for steak. Found this place on Yelp. The ambiance was very nice, relaxing and romantic. Definitely a great first date location. Waiter was very professional and friendly. I had the dates as appetizer and the pepper steak as my main course. The dates was very interesting and I like it. The steak was just average. Not too tender. I had it medium rare. The cookie-doug ball at the end was also interesting.
5	I recently moved from the Bay Area and considered myself to be a foodie there. The Tuck Shop was first on my list to check out to see if Phoenix is able to make food on par with Oakland. The answer is a hearty - YES!I've been here a total of three times and they are simply consistently awesome in every way. Firstly, service is top notch. If you have a wait to be seated they have an awesome waiting area where you can sit down and order a cocktail, or you can grab a drink from the bar and wait in the outdoor seating area. The food is unique, well prepared, and the menu changes regularly which makes me want to keep coming back. Ingredients are always fresh (even the seafood which was a concern of mine). I really enjoyed their prixe fixe Valentine's Day dinner menu. Even though we got sat at the bar (last minute reservation), the experience was still just as good. Our bartender was super friendly and attentive. Looking forward to their next menu and many more awesome nights!
5	I discovered this on last weeks' visit to Phoenix and I'd go back in one second.  In fact, I can't WAIT to go back.  Tuck Shop is absolutely fabulous!  You would never know what you're about to enter by looking at it from the street; so beware of the not-so-appealing curb appeal.  Inside, the vibe is warm, cool, comfy and DELISH.  David was our waiter.  Not only was he adorable, but the perfect server:  always attentive with great suggestions.  The brussel sprouts and beets were scrumptious as were that night's special: lamb meatballs.  Wine list was solid.  Also, don't miss their house-made tonics.
5	The baguette is delicious, it comes with garlic that spreads like butter. Service is above average. The ambiance with the tea light candles on the table was romantic. I ordered Mac n cheese with lobstah. It is to die for. Full of creamy goodness. It filled me up, best I've had in years. Everything was top notch. My date had the best lobster bisque ever. $41 bucks for the best meal I've had in years.
4	I really enjoy this place. Really love the space. I'm not a fried chicken and waffle fan typically- but you have to get it here. The waffles are to die for.
5	Coronado fave. I am lucky to live in the neighborhood and frequent this marvelous restaurant.  I have only been a handful of times, but every experience has been great.  Their wine selections are superb and quality food. Thanks for making Coronado even more wonderful.
5	Tuesday night adventure starts like this... We walk in, are immediately greeted and brought to the lobby. This little swanky couch and coffee table are inviting and we can't wait to sit down. The host brings us a couple drinks to enjoy while we wait for the rest of our party. Everyone arrives, plus one. The staff happily accommodated our need for an extra setting and brought us to our table right away. Service throughout our evening was top notch. Our waiter seemed to know when to check on us and when to leave us to it. He provided the kind of service I hope for. They don't serve Redbull and Vodka? Is this trending in downtown? Ok, I'll try their freshly prepared Ginger Ale. I added vodka and it was delish. Make it a double!Every morsel of everything we ordered was AMAZE! Brussels Sprouts, Roasted Beets, perfectly tender street tacos, 'Lobstah' Mac n Cheese, Arancini and Chicken and Waffles! We were pigs and happy to be so. The food was impressive and the atmosphere was warm and lively. Generally speaking, I'm a 'louder than most' person. This place was happening and I was able to laugh and chat at my normal boisterous tone. If you're looking to read a newspaper while dining this isn't your spot. It's not a 'library' and that's a great thing!Cookie dough dessert was strange. We saw it in the menu and were all curious. Then they brought them out with the check. We laughed and laughed... They are exactly what the menu says they are 'mini cookie dough bite'. It tasted just like a bite if cookie dough.I have my eye on a few other menu items; I'll be returning soon!
1	I didn't eat here but my idea of "comfort" food is different.   I couldn't sit where I wanted "because we get really busy"  and was stuck by a utility door because I made the mistake of coming here alone and didn't want to sit at the bar.  They kept getting into the door, which wasn't pleasant.  I looked at the menu and not a burger in sight and some crazy prices. I kid you not.  $12 for mac-n-cheese, $35 for steak, and $20 for chicken and waffles.  The steak sounded awesome, though!  If I could have sat at a nice table, maybe the prices wouldn't be an issue but to charge them and not even being "comfortable" and made to feel like coming there as a single person gets me the crappy table.....well, I got up and left.  I can get a better table, gorganzola steak, and not made to feel that being a single diner is an imposition at another restaurant.
4	I'm a fan of any place with Tito's as their  "well" vodka. In fact, that's the ONLY vodka they pour! Whoo-hoo! Another nice touch was their house made mixers (tonic, ginger ale, sour mix & lemonade). Tuck Shop is a tiny old house converted to a local gem. It's tucked away (pardon the pun) in a Central Phoenix neighborhood and you'll drive by and miss it if you're not paying attention. We started with a Tito's and house made ginger ale chorizo stuffed Medjool dates for appetizer. The sweet & savory experience was unexpected and very delightful. I almost ate the entire app alone! For dinner, I ordered the citrus-brined chicken and white cheddar waffles. It's served with spicy grilled string beans. The chicken was juicy and tender and the waffles were surprisingly different. The one thing missing for me was syrup. I asked my server about it. He said the chef wanted to go with more of a dinner dish and that syrup would have been too breakfast-y. Au contraire mon frere!!!! Maple based syrup is part of the the complexity of the dish! Chef could have figured out something a savory syrup recipe! And franky, without it, the dish was on the dry side. My friend had the Catfish & Crawfish w/ polenta. I didn't try it, but the plate was pretty darn clean! Enjoy!
4	Such a great spot!! Loved the the atmosphere. Such a cute retro home off the beaten path. Nice change of pace from the everyday chain restaurant. Food and service was awesome! I will definitely be back!!
1	The Tuck Shop hates your baby. This past weekend my husband, 2 other couples, myself and our 1 year old attempted to eat at the Tuck Shop. We had told them all how amazing this place was and were jazzed to eat there as it had been a couple years since we had been in.We got there right at 5 when they opened, as we were around the corner at the PHX Art Museum. We walked in and were promptly greeted. We asked for 6 adults plus a high chair...when we got a dead pan "we don't have high chairs" response. Tuck Shop you are sending a very loud and clear message that you do not care to serve families. (insert slow clap here)
3	A friend and I came in for dinner last week and we were, on balance, underwhelmed. We started with cocktails featuring some of their house-made sodas, which were just okay (and when I pay $8.50 for a cocktail, I'm expecting more than just okay). We shared the goat cheese salad (tasty) and brussels sprouts (good flavor, but way overcooked) to start, and the chicken and waffles entree. The chicken was juicy and the beans were delicious, but the waffle was a huge let down--it was bland, and it fell apart if you even looked at it the wrong way. Not to mention the plating on all three dishes was really sloppy. I feel like the ideas were good, but the execution lacking. For the prices we paid and quality of the dishes we received I probably would not return.
5	Tonight we (the girl and I) decided to bike around downtown checking out all the chic neighborhoods and dream of where we would live if we could. And we decided to end the night with dinner at Tuck Shop, which proved to be a good choice (as usual).The ambience is great. The low, wood-paneled ceiling creates a very cozy feel. And the waiting area looks like a living room so you really feel your just going over to a good friend's house for dinner. My only (minor complaint) about the "over at a friend's house" atmosphere is the TV behind the bar.  You can't get away with having a bar AND no TV in this town (I understand), but I can still have a small complaint about it.We started out sharing the cheese curds and the chorizo-stuffed medjool dates. The cheese curds were very tasty, although I wouldn't mind a side of spicy mustard or something. Perhaps red pepper jam? The dates were excellent. A perfect mix of spice and sweet, topped with Gruyere cheese. I also added a brisket street taco on an impulse, and I'm glad I did. The brisket is cooked perfectly (which they do next door at their other eatery, Astor House). It came with a lime-cilantro-avocado sauce which was good, but I felt the sauce covered up the flavor of the amazing brisket.Our main course (which was shared, as most plates are and should be at Tuck Shop) was the "Vovo's Favorite"- the special of the night-a half duck in a oyster and mushroom au jus, served with a sweet potato cake and grilled grapes. I felt like I was having Thanksgiving dinner all over again. The sweet potato cake was nice and light, and the grapes worked much better than I had expected. The flavor of the duck was excellent. The only problem with the dish was that the duck was a bit dry and tough. I usually expect a much juicier and fatty piece of duck, so I was a little underwhelmed with the texture. Overall I was pleased, and I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt on the duck.Our server was pleasant and helpful, making sure our wine glasses stayed full. It's hard to beat the overall experience at Tuck Shop. Despite a few minor flaws with the food, I will keep coming back again...and again...and again.
5	Looking for a true neighborhood spot where food and atmosphere are top notch? Then the Tuck Shop should be your first spot.  This place is inviting, comfortable, done well and the food and staff are amazing too!Lobster Mac & Cheese - I am mean how could you go wrong?  This it is delish.  Chicken and waffles - this ain't Lolo's (Thankfully!) great!
5	Tuck Shop is one of the best restaurants in town and the food is nothing short of amazing!  The location is quaint and the building/renovation is thoughtful and unique.  Comfort food can often be too heavy, but the myriad of options here has made each dining experience very satisfying and not too overwhelming on the gut!
5	A great date spot!We started with a couple cocktails. I had the Frenchman and it was good, too tart for my beau. He had a dark and stormy, which was really special. Their homemade ginger ale it delicious, so flavorful!We ordered two of the tacos, they were ok, but nothing exciting. The mac and cheese was amazing! I must try!For dinner we split the chicken and waffles. The place included 3 good sized pieces of chicken. It was the perfect amount of food for two given we had 2 starters. The chicken was extremely juicy with the most amazingly crunchy skin. The waffle was a white cheddar waffle what was delicate yet complex.A great dinner and we will be back for mac and cheese!
5	Spinach and Ricotta ravioli a and some brussel sprouts! So goodAlso try the roasted beets!
4	So we came here for dinner and I started off with their Pinot Noir of course which was quite tasty... For our meal we ordered the Mac and cheese with lobster as well as the rib eye. The Mac and cheese was very creamy and delicious. It had a bit of a kick to it. The ribs were superrrrrr tender. Minus one star for the fact that its hard to locate. There's no huge sign or anything so its easy to miss. Its a really cute place for dinner or a date.
3	We celebrated  my daughter birthday , we were promptly seated. Waitress was attentive at first . Our appetizers were mixed up the second order came 15 minutes late with no excuses the food was tasty, a little salty  .Our party liked the mac and  cheese however three persons were sick after  , portions were a little small
5	Had dinner here Friday evening.  No wait for a party of 2 at about 7:30 pm.  I love that their waiting area is set up like a little living room.  My friend and I split a small plate, appetizer, and large plate, and it was just the right amount of food for 2 girls.  The cheese curds were light and delicious, the Brussels sprouts were great (but it took me a minute to get used to the soft texture,) and the chicken and waffles were amazing.  Will be back soon!
2	WAY OVERPRICED!!!How can you serve average comfort food and charge $20-30 for main courses? The wine glasses are microscopic. The food is fine but honesty it does not warrant the money you get charged. Service is attentive but kitchen is very slow.
4	So glad I finally got to try Tuck Shop and with two of my favorite Yelpers too boot!  Once I finally figured out where it was, I loved the warm and cozy feel.  Equally appropriate for date night or girls night.  Don't tell my husband, but girls night is usually more fun--they like WINE!!  And sharing means sharing, not I get one bite before it's gone.We had a few small plates, and none disappointed.  I was surprised to find myself loving the arancini, but it's amazing what these folks can do to rice.  And the stuffed dates with chorizo and gruyere?  That's sweet, spicy, creamy, and salty all rolled into one exceptional bite.  Also on the menu, mac 'n cheese for Shannon M (as if I didn't partake in this mini masterpiece) and a juicy steak with mushrooms and creamy mashed potatoes.   Deciding to  watch our calories, we shared only two desserts..pear upside down cake and a brownie.  I would say both were "edible."  And no need to even wash the plates. So, yep, I'm a fan.  A big one!
5	The thing I love about this restaurant is the laid back yet sophisticated atmosphere in which you eat 5 star food without all the fuss. The food is amazing. We had the bread and roasted garlic, the goat cheese salad, and the vegetable ravioli. All of it was spot on. I couldn't have asked for a better meal, I would eat there every night if I could afford it.Their food is worth every penny.
5	Such a perfect location in downtown Phoenix. Happy hour dishes, drinks and plenty of seating rewards early birds. Well versed server provides all the specials and allows a slow, relaxed evening. Filet with gnocchi was excellent and Beau enjoyed the rib eye special . Scallop appetizer combines  a lot of fun flavors with the deep fried scallop; We also enjoyed their lobster mac & cheese.The atmosphere is fun and relaxing; it also is unique. Noticed one reviewer mentioned no high chairs for youngins. Thank you for keeping it sophisticated.
4	This is a very small place, but that adds to the charm of it. The service was excellent, the food was even better. I'd of gone 5 stars, but when I compare it to my fav, it's a little expensive.
5	This place was amazing. Drinks, food, service. I had the pork tenderloin. It was perfect. Hubs had the filet. Also amazing. They make their own ginger ale or ginger beer (I can't remember which), but the bartender was making us "mule" type drinks, I would go back for the drinks alone.
5	We've been to Tuck Shop a few times and had great experiences. The restaurant is located in the Coronado Historic District in Phoenix, and is carved into what was an older home.It's really cozy inside and has a nice layout that doesn't make you feel too cramped even though the space isn't too large. It has a small bar area that doesn't overwhelm the rest of the place but can make for a packed evening on a busy night.The menu is focused, with a one sheet that goes top to bottom with starters, smaller plates, entrees which are listed as "for sharing", and desserts which are aptly named "finish". I don't think that you can go wrong with sharing an entree, but they aren't so big that they would be too much to handle for an individual.It's tough to nail down exactly what is best, because everything we've had has been very good. Some things we've liked are the cheese curds, stuffed dates, chicken & waffles, pork tenderloin, and the skirt steak.Bonus points for the cookie dough morsel they give you at the end with the check, even if you didn't order a dessert. We'll definitely be back to eat at Tuck Shop again.
5	Cool chilled out vibe. Very friendly team. Unique take on dishes that were still really good. scallop caprese and Bleeding Heart Ravioli were a good compliment. I'd be back to try something else on this imaginative menu.
5	This is our favorite date place. Sort of awkward with multiple people or third wheels because most of the food is for sharing. Don't be intimidated by how the menu is set up! We like to get all small plates sometimes and other times a small plate and then share and big plate.The vibe is fabulous and intimate. Always get the jalapeno cheese curds...always.
5	Fine neighborhood jewel.  Go!  Excellent food, service and ambience.Also Astor house next door meets same high quality standards.  Remarkable chefs!
5	Really enjoyed everything about this quaint little house turned eatery in the neighborhood, literally in the neighborhood.West coast salad was great. Pineapple,jicama,avo, greens, whatever, in a great sweetish dressing. Lamb meatballs were the best. 3 oval hockey puck like (shape only) sitting in yogurt. Moist, wonderful. Fish and chips were the special. It's fish and chips, not incredible but 4 stars. Not a lot of breading, a good thing. Service was perfect. A cool date spot.
3	Lobster mac and cheese ($12/13?) - rich in lobster flavor. They do not skimp out on the lobster meat here. I'm usually not a fan of mac and cheese but being a lobster junkie this was very satisfying.Stuffed Mejool Dates ($11) - The dates are overwhelmingly sweet and did somehow compliment the savory flavors of the gruyere cheese and chorizo. This dish was very overpowering in taste and while it was an interesting combination, I'm not sure if I would order it again. Pine AZ Spiced Steak ($23) - Nothing special, just a steak with a few slices of sauteed mushroom.We had our meal to go and not sure if take out orders are smaller but the lobster mac and cheese came in a small cardboard box, there were only 4 stuffed mejool dates and a tiny portion of the steak with a meager amount of sauteed mushrooms. Good meal but a ripoff, I didn't feel like the meal was worth ~50 dollars.
4	The Tuck Shop is a converted house tucked away in the Coronado neighborhood. The restaurant which serves modern comfort food has a very cozy homey vibe. I've been here twice so far and have not been disappointed. My favorite things on the menu are the mac & cheese with the added lobster option. This is the type of mac & cheese that is so creamy and delicious that you won't want to share, it's so good you can't stop eating it. The stuffed medjool dates are also a great choice, the combination of chorizo and gruyere are fantastic. As for the entree, you really can't go wrong with the chicken & waffles. The chicken is cooked perfectly and the breading is full of flavor. The waffle is savory made with cheddar, dense in flavor but fluffy in texture. The green beans served with this dish are crunchy and fresh, and a nice addition. Their cocktails are also delicious, my favorite has been the Pimms Cup. As for dessert, the goat cheese brownie was to die for! Who knew that goat cheese would make such a rich and flavorful dessert without overpowering it with it's flavor, it really worked! The only thing I wasn't a huge fan of were the cheese curds, I thought they were kind of bland and needed some dipping sauce or more flavorful breading, they were pretty one dimensional. I still highly recommend the Tuck Shop, their menu is seasonal so every time you return there is always something new to try.
5	What a gem of a restaurant!  The staff were incredibly courteous, attentive, but not over-bearing.  Our server was knowledgeable about everything our group asked.....he clearly knew how everything was prepared -- a true professional!  I love that:)  My drinks were perfect and the meatloaf I selected for dinner was out of this world!  Also, I want to add that the ambiance and decor of the little house is just delightful.  Its so cozy and inviting.  I am thinking I will be visiting this establishment weekly!  .
4	This is one of those places I find myself thinking about going to for no reason!  Very nicely appointed, great food, good service!  The fried cheese curds are sooo good!
3	I Dont get the hype. Price of food for what is taste is just meh. A lot more places to enjoy.
2	Service and ambiance were great.  Party of four and we all found the food ... interesting.
2	I was really disappointed in their waffles and macaroni-n-cheese. The waffles came with no syrup, and two small teaspoon size sweet butter. The waffles melted in your mouth, but tasted like potatoes. Avoid their homemade lemonade, it tasted like tea. When I asked if they mistakenly gave us tea, the waitress had an apologetic face suggesting we were not the first to question it.The macaroni n cheese was okay, but for $13 it was a small plate and on the dry side. The $6 add on for lobster was NOT a generous amount and disappointing. The chicken and green beans that came with the waffles were superb. I would of been okay with the $50 bill for two had the food tasted better.Restaurant is in a quite looking neighborhood, good ambience inside and friendly staff.
5	I love this place. It's one of my favorite restaurants. The food is always delicious. The staff is friendly and attentive. We usually go here for special occasions and order one dish each from the starter, small, and for sharing plate options.
3	Nice little place. I love the location. The parking wasn't the best. You have to park across the street. My car is slammed to the floor and I cannot make it up the driveway across the street. So I parked in the street. As soon as I walked in I was not greeted I was told, by who must have been the manager, I should have parked somewhere else. Which really didn't make me feel too happy. The food was great. The server was teally busy but that's understandable. The food was great we had the pasta nachos. They were really good. While we were finishing up we noticed our sever had asked the people next to us to leave due to other people waiting to be seated. Which surprised me. I wouldn't think that's top notch service. The space is very limited. It can maybe hold 30 people at a time. Had it not been for the experience from the staff it would be a 5 star review.
5	We had so much fun here for dinner. The four of us shared seven plates. The cheese curds, scallop Caprese, duck, lamb, lobster mac and cheese, and the beet ravioli. That beet ravioli will stay with me as a true craving. So delicious and innovative and fresh. The service was really friendly and we like the atmosphere too. We will be back.
5	My husband and I are just moving to the Coronado Historic District in Phoenix and we couldn't be happier to have found this lovely and charming restaurant.  Having  lived in other areas of the valley it was refreshing, real, and unpretentious, with food that is oh so good!! The chicken and waffles did not disappoint and melted in our mouths and the chocolate pumpkin cake was the perfect ending of deliciousness. The staff is so warm and inviting and we can't wait to come back when we officially move next month.
5	This has to be one of my favorite restaurants of all time in the American comfort food category.  Regardless of the stupid reservation system for larger parties.  I told my boyfriend about how they have this system now if you would like a reservation you have to pay a deposit to avoid no shows.  It makes sense to me and I personally do not have a problem with it but my boyfriend is crazy particular and does not like that sort of thing.  I still need to go back and try more things off the menu and drinks included. My next trip will definitely include one Pimms Cup and the Lobster mac and cheese for starters.  Since I have tried the pork tenderloin and was caught onto this restaurant because of this its hard to stray and try other things as your main dish when you cannot fail with their tenderloin.  If i could learn how to cook it the way they do, it would take me awhile to get sick of it.  The whole dish together goes together so perfectly sweet tender and spicy and creamy all in one bite if you take a small piece of meat, slaw and spoon bread it will be a match made in heaven in your mouth.  My boyfriend ordered the cheese curds and the scallops with salad and OMG was that salad delicious I wish I knew how they made that salad so amazing and i kid not; those words NEVER come out of my mouth.  I can only stand salads for so long before I get absolutely sick of it.  so by me telling you they have some kind of salad that puts majority of restaurant salads to shame is saying a lot!Since we were with a party of 10 and forgot to ask for our checks to be separate the bills ended up getting higher in price not just because of gratuity i feel like.  Since my boyfriend did not pay for it, it ended up being a third of what the total all together was which seemed odd to him.  Personally for how good everything was everything was worth every dollar I spent even if it was well over 100 dollars.  willing to spend 25 on a plate and 10 for a drink? COME HERE! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!who ever says otherwise are complete and utter idiots....just sayin.
5	New favourite spot in Phoenix. The perfect place for a special evening. Great food, quaint atmosphere, and perfect service. Will be coming back.
4	Went here Friday night. They have an interesting way of taking reservations. It's $20 a head and they pre-charge your card no refunds. Then that is credited to your meal. An interesting way of doing things.Our meal was average to good. We got a pulled pork slider, lasagna nachos or something along those lines, mac and cheese. Nothing was AMAZING, but the lasagna nachos were really good. They also gave us an amazing dessert on the house, it was like a cheesecake brownie and my girlfriend and I didn't make it to the car without splitting half of it. The location kind of sneaks up on you because it's in a quiet neighborhood. The service was great.
5	The chicken and waffles were awesome. The Mac and cheese with lobstah (lol) was to die for. The scallop caprese is a great starter.
5	Great food, great service and I always recommend this place to my friends!!!Get reservations to be safe!  But I've walked In a few times.  It's top notch and right in the beautiful historic Coronado neighborhood
4	I love the neighborhood vibe. It is a great restaurant for group dining. I had the yummy chicken and waffles.
3	I was given a gift card for my birthday back in August but I have not been back to Tuck Shop. I really don't like this new "ticket" approach to reservations, especially considering that I can't apply my gift card to that price. We are going to try and walk in tonight and see if we can get a seat without the reservation. I've done the ticketing concept at restaurants in LA but Tuck is a small place, this approach seems a bit pretentious. I'd be curious to hear what others think. Deducting a star for this hassle but that can change if we get in tonight.
1	Ate here yesterday. Didn't enjoy much about the dinner except that the chicken in the chicken and waffles was well cooked. Avoid this one.
5	Tried their food at Devour a few years ago and just made it in last weekend. It was a great experience and I'm looking forward to my next trip there.
5	Food: - 5 stars!!! - Cheese curds, gazpacho, lamb meatballs, pork tenderloin, mac and cheese, stuffed dates- 4 stars - chicken and waffles, fillet w/ gnocchiDrinks: - 5 stars!!! - Rye whisky old fashioned- 3 stars - French 75Favorites: Lamb meatballs, tenderloin, cheese curds, dates, gazpachoService:Accommodating, knowledgeable staff and service.Ambiance:Mid century modern decor with a romantic and cozy feel. Love it!Overall, one of the best restaurants in Phoenix bar far. Very impressed. Can't wait to go back.
3	First time had dining here and  the chicken and waffles. It was good just needed some syrup. It comes with Mable butter, but being that it's bread it can be a tad bit dry. Next time I visit I will definitely bring real hot sauce and syrup in with me. Saw a guy sitting at the bar on the way out and he had his own hot sauce too. I won't feel bad when I bring it. Nevertheless it was good.
4	Cheese curds, Dude salad, and Chicken and waffles were our chosen items tonight. All three were delicious! Atmosphere is awesome. You'd almost miss the place in the dark. Our only complaints were the cheese curds could have used dipping sauce and the skin of the fried chicken was too crispy. The waffles were my favorite.  They were made with white cheddar. Scrumptious, highly recommended.
5	Tuck Shop was excellent! Our server was informative and the food was delicioso. We were literally fighting over our scraps since we shared our dishes. Cannot wait to return!
5	How have I not written a review for one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix yet? Bad Rachel! Tuck Shop is a great spot, tucked away in a neighborhood, and full of delicious seasonal food. They not only have a rotating menu, but an extensive wine list and create their own syrups in-house for cocktails. Their mac n cheese (WITH LOBSTER OBVIOUSLY) is incredible. Their simple, yet tasty, roasted garlic is always a must with me as well. Salads are top notch, daily specials always mouth watering, and it's just a warm atmosphere to be a part of. The manager is supremely nice and recognizes you after just one visit. Every waiter I've had has been the picture of great service and I can't think of one bad dish I've been served. Parking can sometimes be a bit tricky, but there is a large lot across the street that you can use. It's a great place to take out-of-towners, a date, or your parents.
4	Limited menu but food was very imaginative and delicious. Very small whole in the wall near downtown Phoenix. A romantic spot for a quiet date. Service was fabulous. Nice wine list.
4	Found this little gem for a date night, with some friends of ours.  We arrived about 6pm and were greeted  and seated promptly.  There was a large party reserved and what we thought was going to be a problem was not at all.  Our server was great and very knew the menu well.  He mentioned that the menu was changing soon, and we will definitely be back to try the new menu.  Love this place and will definitely be back!
4	This might be my new favorite place in Phoenix.  Really friendly, unpretentious, neighborhood atmosphere.  The food was really tasty and fun.  White cheddar waffle not to be missed.  Good for romantic date or groups and family.  Find it and have a good time.
5	I like this restaurant because the menu is so creative and different.  On my most recent visit, I had the oyster po-boy popovers and they were delicious - light and flavorful.  Another thing I like about Tuck Shop is the availability of small plates and large plates of entree-type items.  If you don't have a big appetite, you are not constrained to a few appetizers; you can get a substantial meal in a smaller portion.  This makes so much sense and I wish more restaurants would do it. I noticed that Tuck Shop is now selling tickets to those who want to reserve a specific dinner time.  The ticket prices is deducted from your meal.  I totally understand and endorse this practice - why should the owner be stuck with a bunch of no-shows?  However, I was surprised that over and above the ticket prices is a 30% charge for service and tax.  Tickets for two @ $20 each + $11.98 service fee + tax = $51.98.
4	The Tuck Shop was really great food with great service.
