3	Great tuna sub!  This place has been around for a while now & it looks like they're kind of letting it go inside a bit.  The foods still good, but the interior's going downhill as far as upkeep & such.  Looks like most of their business is take-out, so maybe that's why?  Anyway, the thing that matters most is the food & that's still great.  Salads aren't really all that, but their sandwiches are excellent.  Too bad they closed other locations like the one in Huntersville off I-77.
3	This is a great compromise for me and the other half. He loves subway but they don't make the kind of wraps i enjoy. The Chicken Bacon Ranch is his normal choice and there is never a bit left on the plate. I usually get the chicken Cesar wrap which is amazing. It's drowning in Cesar dressing so probably not the most healthy option, but sometimes you have to do what you have to do. I have also had the chicken pita. The cucumber sauce is great, just the right consistency. I usually go for the fries as my side item but I have heard good things about all their sides. They also give a DISCOUNT to UNCC students. I love that they have all the Greek flags hanging from the ceiling. Not many places in the area recognize that they are near a university.
2	This place is a hot mess! I mean first of all can someone please tell me why they have this pissed off man as the cashier? i mean really? i didnt know if i dealing with the sanwich nazi or nasty NYC taxi cab driver after hours! The decore is in need of a much needed make over. the place could really be poppin with its own following right near UNCC..But if you just have to get your grease fix go ahead the sandwicheis are good, i recommend the hot cornbeef!
3	I've been a customer of US subs for over 8 years now and the sandwiches are as good as ever.  Back in the day, I used to go here for lunch, usually on the weekends with some buddies.  This was often a stop after leaving the ABC store that is nearby, as we were looking to put something solid on our stomachs before hitting the town for the evening.  Here are my observations after my most recent visit this past Saturday evening:-I noticed, as a previous reviewer has stated, that the interior seems to be a bit run-down, and sloppy.  This of course, could be a product of the high traffic that comes in and out of this place on a typical Saturday - which could be a good thing.  Either way, sweeping the floor or wiping down a table or two definitely wouldn't hurt.-Seems much more expensive than what I remember.  I feel like I used to get a sandwich, make it a combo-meal (with fries and a drink) for less than $7.  Tonight, when I asked how much it would be to make it a combo, i was told $9 and change BEFORE TAX! I must admit, I was shocked!  Not that $9 is super expensive, but for the amount and quality of food you are getting, I simply could not justify paying that much for a sandwich, fries, and a drink.  Also keep in mind that the sandwich by itself is $5.39.  So that means you are paying over $4 for fries and a fountain soda!-I ordered the chicken fajita sandwich, just the sandwich for $5.39 and took it to go - not wanting to eat at the dirty tables.  It took no more than 5 minutes for it to be prepared, and upon getting it home, I was more than pleased with my order.  The bread was soft, the chicken tasted great, and it was covered with a healthy portion of melted provolone cheese.  I could not have asked for anything else out of the sandwich.-The service was straight.  No real problems.  The gentleman who took my order was cool and to the point. Nothing out of the ordinary to report.  I def did not experience a "pissed off" cashier as a previous reviewer did.Good food is good food, and US Subs as been serving up good food to me, personally for almost a decade.  I will continue to go here when I am in the area, and I would recommend you do the same.
1	My girlfriend and I were walking over try to Plato's closet and she noticed a 3.xx Turkey sub poster on the door. We walk in and I'm debating what to get and my girlfriend recommends the special to me. All this time the older guy at the counter is standing right there... But he rings it up our order as 11.xx. I ask about this and in a voice of pure contempt he says "if you'd read the sign properly..."  Dude, I get that I missed the fine print but you don't have to be a complete jerk about it. Didn't eat, won't come again.
4	The chicken philly sub is great! I order the same thing everything I got and have not been disappointed with my pick.
4	This is by far my favorite subs restaurant that isn't a major chain. For this fact they serve really good thugs besides subs. My favorite thing to order is a Chicken Gyro with provolone cheese. As well as the French dip.The service is average and your likely to see the same staff members always working diligently. The last point I would like to make about this establishment is that offers better quality items rather than your typical subway selection. And again I recommend trying some other things off the menu you might be surprised.
5	Me and my wife were in the area and we ran into this place just walking by. We tried it out and it was amazing now we go there at least 3times a month!These subs are made with real meat! No other sub shop even compares quailty vs price personal opinion ofcourse. They have gourmet sandwhichs for a very great price. Take my word if your in the area try this place out highly doubt you will be disappointed!
5	This place is University's hidden gem! Walking distance from campus, centrally located, and easily accessible. Each sub is cooked to order with only the finest ingredients. The menu has endless options to choose from, and though I doubt you won't find something to pick, you can always create your own! I wish there were more locations, but even a commute just to get these sandwiches is well worth it..they'll even have it ready for pick up. Granted its no 5 star, sit down restaurant, it's the perfect place to swing by for a delicious sandwich any time of day ...breakfast, lunch, or dinner! My only complaint is that there aren't more US SUBS locations! Keep up the good work guys!
5	Been eating here for the past 2 years at least every other week. Best subs around the university area, especially the Gyros.
2	The subs are actually okay. My biggest problem with this place is it's a little too outdated for being so close to the university. As a busy student, when I actually have time between classes and am looking for a place where I can grab a quick bite without sacrificing work productivity, this place doesn't cater. Most cafes that offer quick bites/sandwiches like Panera, Einstein, Subway, even Dunkin Donuts offer free wi-fi and convenient outlets for charging your laptop, ipad, etc... this place doesn't have wi-fi nor a single outlet near any of the booths. The atmosphere in general seemed a little shabby, not very suitable for doing anything other than stuffing your face and watching cheesy game shows on TV.For being so close to the university and when considering the direction most small cafes/sandwich shops are heading, I feel it's a couple steps behind its competition. Especially for a small business.
