3	I'm not big on Filipino take out but the girls wanted Filipino food and this was right next door to our hotel.The food is better tasting than Goldilocks but some of the stuff looks like it was from the day before. I had the pork tocino with the garlic rice and I didn't finish it. It wasn't bad, it just didn't compare to my dad's awesome cooking. Just Like I said, I'm not big on Filipino fast food. The 3 stars are for when we were fiending Asian rice and they were able to accomodate. LOL
4	We came here because we (all 15 of us filipinos) were craving some good food.PROS:* Located close to our hotel.  In between Planet Holleywood and MGM Grand in the Hawaiian Village Marketplace.* They are open for breakfast for some topsilog cravings. * Pork kabobs and lechon was good.* Staff was really friendly.* Pricing was affordable.   $7.45 for a two item combo & comes with a scoop of rice.* You can opt for garlic rice instead of the plain white rice.  (Too bad I didn't see this option when I ordered).CONS:* They didn't have icecream or flan to make Halo Halo "especial", so I decided not to order this.*Pancit had too much cabbage.
2	Looking for something quick and different--the "Filipino Fast Food" sign on this place fit the bill. It's tucked into the corner of the--crap for sale--circus/bazaar type huts. What's nice about this place is that it's quiet. At least that's the case in February. The people behind the counter are nice. I just wish the food didn't taste like it had been out for a few too many hours. If it weren't for that--this place would be three stars, because despite the aged food, I didn't think it was too bad. Cheap even!
1	i came here on the recommendation of a friend who had breakfast here. working a trade show in vegas make you crave for some down home cooking. sadly enough i could cook better than this restaurant with one eye closed.my craving for rice was satisfied, but the whole filipino food experience was extremely dissatissfied. the only thing i like about this place is the fact that they have sarsi.if you have a car, im pretty sure there are other filipino places out there that would be better off.
2	Value for money Filipino food for last than US$10 per person depending on number of dishes with rice. Food is tasty but a bit salty for me, it is alright when it goes with rice. We had fried fish and tried the chicken adobo. We takeaway some of the Filipino satay which is stick of pork chunks.The Halo Halo dessert was served in a cup & not in a bowl. It is shaved ice with topping and normally with ice cream. Taste is not bad, but was hard to eat from a straw and there was no ice cream.
3	I found it surprising when I saw this one day walking to work at PH. A Flipino spot on the strip? Why yes, in the Hawaiian marketplace. I get tired of the stuff in my work so I grab some to-go for my lunch one day. It was early so I got the "breakfast" items- Tocino and Tapa and was able to get garlic rice. Decent and hit the spot. Have also had their lechon, beef steak, kare kare, BBQ sticks,torta talong/eggplant, fried milkfish/bangus, etc and it's pretty standard and decent, but I've had better. Still the location was definitely appealing. Come here if youre on the strip looking for "different" cheap eats, but if you have a car go take a drive to some other Filipino spots off strip.
2	Found out that there was a Filipino restaurant on the strip so we decided to get breakfast here.  The employees seemed somewhat rude... I guess they have to deal with drunk people a lot but it's no excuse.  The food was nothing special and they charged my cousin like $2-3 for a fried egg. They sell a few snacks from the PI as well such as chips.
3	Mmmm....pussit.  Love me some purple squid.  Had some chicken caldereta too and it was good.  My mom enjoyed the sinigang and fried tilapia.  Kind of small portions for the price but I guess it's a little more expensive because it's on the strip.  A good selection of to go Filipino food.  Place is clean but nothing fancy.  Free parking in the back, enter on the small lot right before the Hawaiian Marketplace.
3	I was hungry and wanted something filling and inexpensive.  Thank God my husband saw their sign as we were walking down the street.  It's located somewhere between Planet Hollywood and MGM at the back of one of the shopping complexes.  It's your typical turo-turo....go in, fall in line, point to whatever dish you want to order, the cashier at the end will ring up your bill.  I ordered lechon paksiw and binagoongang baboy... i was happy with my order.  My husband ordered beef steak and adobong pusit... he was happy with his order too.  If you're in the area and want inexpensive Filipino food, this place will do.
4	Who would expect this place to be on the strip in vegas?  We were looking for a cheap place to get a bite, and get away from the regular-vegas-strip-type-people for a minute, and this was the place.  The food was fresh, and it wasn't too expensive.I'll go back!
1	Owners/servers are rude. 3 of us bought 2 vegetable eggrolls and 2 banana eggrolls and when we ask for napkins, the "husband/server" looked at us like "What you want napkins?" and gave us 3 napkins. No thank you's like you would get from American restaurants. While I was waiting for the vegetable eggrolls, the "wife/server" ask me if I want vinegar and when I said no, this is what she said, "Don't think that I pour the vinegar on your eggroll, it comes separate in a container." First of all, I don't like vinegar, period. Why the insult? Since the 3 of us are going to LA in separate vehicles, I ask for another plastic bag for myself and the "wife/server" had a frown on her face and sort of "flung" the bag to me without saying anything. For $2.00, their vegetable eggrolls taste like paper and their $1.50 banana eggrolls are so sweet you can't find the bananas. Most Filipinos are nice or try to be nice but this dive is something I wouldn't patronize again.
4	This was the first time eating at a Filipino restaurant, and the items here were pretty good I thought.  We walked in and looked at all the dishes available, and were amused to see another couple, very touristy looking, (You know, the type that would normally eat at Chili's or PF Chang's on vacation) walk in a few minutes later, take one look at the food, then walk quickly out.  Other than the chicken adobo, I honestly don't know the names of the other items we ordered, but one of them was a pork belly dish with shrimp paste, another was a clear noodle dish.  The flavors in the entrees are strong, and for the most part, I really liked them.  The pork dish with shrimp did start to lose its appeal halfway through though, as I started to get tired of the strong seafood taste in the background.  The chicken adobo was probably my favorite.  It had a hint of more vinegar than other adobos I've had, which I thought gave it a little more extra flavor.  The portions are pretty good, and they also sell Filipino snacks and drinks in the shop as well.
3	Running into this filipino restaurant was hilarious! I was with family and uh, my cousin was a little drunk walking into this place. Singing and everything! It was only 3pm!! That's what Vegas does to you! haha! Anyways, not only were the owners/employees and even some other customers laughing, they were singing too! haha! The food was really good and satisfying! I normally don't have to pay for my sabow (sinigang soup) with my meal but Kapit charged 50 cents? or was it 25? I forget so I was a littled bummed it wasn't included. We enjoyed our meals though! Great prices and good food!
2	Saturday morning after a long and enduring night of partying, they wanted some filipino breakfast.It was around 11, and we assumed that they would have a full arsenal of breakfast food since, well, vegas doesn't wake up until then anyway.They had the lunch items out, absent any common breakfast items like fried eggs, garlic rice etc. They did have langonisa and tocino though. We got a combo which had lechon kawali, (yeah for breakfast, I know) and langonisa, and regular rice. The portioning was small, and for a pricey fee of $8.00 The only aspect of the meal I thoroughly enjoyed was the langonisa (am I spelling this correctly), everything else was just ok.
1	Kare-kare, menudo, fresh lumpia, arroz caldo, siopao, leche flan...all great Filipino dishes that you'll find on Kapit Bahay's website......but won't find at the restaurant...at least when I was there.  Admittedly, I probably got a little too excited to finally try some non-family-made Filipino cuisine, and the location--right on the Las Vegas Strip across from the City Center--was super-convenient.  I ended up with a disappointing experience--getting a plate of rice with pancit and pork adobo and a side of longaniza.  The longaniza was okay, but the pancit and adobo were pretty unexciting.  This, with a can of Coke, was about $10.50--a little pricey for the relatively small portions you get.
4	My family and friends WILL definitely keep coming to this restaurant whenever we are in Las Vegas.Their squid is perfectly cooked.The adobo is as close to perfection you will ever taste.ANOTHER big plus, their desserts are not too sweet and just right.Highly Recommended!
3	Had some halo halo and it was good.  Hard to find but worth it for Filpino fast food.
2	Why does their longonisa look like hot dogs? :( This place wasn't bad... their pusit & shrimp paste(dunno the name) dish was pretty good, but they don't give enough rice and the sinigang was super watery... and not sour at all :( & I was drunk so I don't even remember if it was reasonably priced or not hahah
5	Pan fried fish, chicken (looked like it had curry sauce), and pork with two sides of rice = $13! It was probably the cheapest meal I had in Vegas and it was good. I only fish their food was labeled since I am not familiar with Filipino food. Now if someone came in and was not familiar with Asian food at all... he/she would be in trouble.
2	This joint on the strip was not even decent but it has mediocre food.  I stopped by for a late breakfast and I regret it.  The rice leans towards the congee side, the soup dish was bland, and like previous reviewers say the longganisa was like a hot dog and it tasted weird.  The price was sort of expensive, too.  I dunno why I ended up here maybe I was jonesin' or something.  I should have eaten at the Bally where they had the cheapo prime rib breakfast.
4	Wow, harsh reviews!I found the guy behind the counter helpful.  He steered me in the right direction and I got a meal I really enjoyed.   BBQ'd tilapia and Chicken Adobo were very tasty.
1	Be wary of this place, they recently had a C rating for the health inspection. The food is very greasy, the woman is very unpolite, and the rice is not firm, it's mushy. After hearing about the bad health inspection rating, I know I will NEVER eat here again.
3	During the middle of our trip to Vegas Nancy was craving some rice (it's an Asian thing), so we went to Kapit Bahay, a little hole-in-the-wall located on the far right end of the Hawaiian Marketplace (HM is between the Harley Davidson Cafe and MGM Grand). We both ordered the 2 item combo + rice: pusit and sinagang for Nancy, menudo and picadillo for me. The food was standard Filipino fare, nothing great, but not bad either. Nancy did like the Pusit (little squid).The food would rate 2 & 1/2 stars, but since we paid less than $20 for both meals and two cans of soda, that merits bringing up the overall rating to 3 stars. Not too many places on the Strip that you can get a decent meal for two people for under $20.Don't expect too much with the service, it is completely utilitarian. Kind of like a cafeteria.
4	Love the breakfast. Wish they had bangus for breakfast
3	pros...since i am reminiscing about last year's thanksgiving in Las Vegas, i might as well yelp this other place as well.  this is what i find to be a typical pilipino style restaurant.  kapit bahay means neighbor in tagalog the national dialect of the philippines.  so i guess it just depends on how well your neighbor cooks as to whether you like their food or not.this particular neighbor, which really it was a neighbor cause it was in the store fronts directly in front of the polo towers, was ok.  service was typical asian restaurant, nothing to write home about.  the food was decent, and was at least warm.  the place was clean but not tidy, as there were take out boxes and other things out in the open.  not bad, but not exactly inviting either.  i had orderd the longanisa or philippine style sausage, short and fat and this one was full of fat.  some eggs and some regular rice.  there was a choice of garlic fried rice, but i like to stick with something fresh, or is it "presh"?  as the chances of the garlic fried rice being from leftover rice is most likely, but of course that's what you're supposed to make it out of, it's just better.  i got bottled water. typical breakpast.  cons...well this one i think was being renovated or something, as they had exposed beams and other heating and ventilation ducts hanging outside of the drop down ceiling tiles.  the place was clean but not tidy, and the little store made snacks were out on display were just casually strewn about haphazardly.  but nothing "dirty", just not very neat.
1	Don't waste your time or money here. My boyfriend and I stopped in because we were excited to find a filipino fast food restaurant. As soon as we stepped in, we were glared down by the lady behind the counter. She rolled her eyes when I asked her what the dishes were (there were no signs and nothing looked like what she described it to be). The food was dry, and crusted over, and each dish was a monochrome color where you can't distinguish between the meat and the vegetable. The lady kept rolling her eyes as I looked at each dish. It got so bad that my boyfriend noticed and said we need to leave-- she clearly wasn't interested in our business. I had never experienced such rude behavior; and I wouldn't expect it from any reasonable person, much less from someone in a customer service role. I was caught off-guard by her animosity, as I was incredibly polite from the get-go; I considered that maybe it was a race thing but after reading several older reviews, I guess I feel slightly better that it wasn't personal-- sounds like her rudeness is non-discriminatory. Some people be cray.
5	Loved it, we had to drive to jollibee for Filipino food from palazzo costing us 30 dollars! This was right on the strip. Food was awesome and we are grabbing some halo halo to go in order to beat the heat! Highly recommend
2	Adobo was too greasy and the puncit had been sitting out a long time by the time I got there. Pass on the Halo Halo. No flavor.
2	The worst tasting filipino food ive ever tasted in my life. Food was cold and wasnt fresh. rice smelled funny. best to say filipino food is better cooked at home. The 2 reasons why it didnt get  1 star is 1. Its on the strip and 2. only pinoy spot.on the strip.
3	I have come to the conclusion that there are no Filipino vegetarians. They do have vegetable dishes here, but all made with fish or meat stocks. Located in the Hawaiian Village Kapit Bahay offers authentic Filipino cuisine. The shop itself is warm and inviting, the food is fresh and kept well. The woman at the counter offered many samples to my friends. Reviews from the others were that the Pork Adobo and Chicken Curry dishes were good. My Filipino friend thought the Halo Halo was good as well. Prices were very reasonable for fresh, authentic food right on the strip. So while there was no vegetarian options, I do like saying Halo Halo.
3	Always great to have breakfast here.
3	My friends recommended this place to me the last time I was in Vegas, but it was closed when I checked it out. I was able to check it out this past weekend when I was in Vegas again.The place is a hole in the wall, and it looks a bit dingy. It is right next to an Asian massage parlor.It seems to be a family run restaurant. The lady who served me was very nice and friendly. She kept on asking me questions whether i tried Filipino food before, and she provided recommendations.For the amount that they give you, the price you pay is awesome. You get a nice bang for your buck. THe chicken adobo is boneless so that's a plus, and the gravy is sooo good to mix in the rice with. I also tried the beef stew, which she recommended to me. it was peanutty and yummy. I wish I ordered with a bit more spice, but I'm not sure if Flip food has spicy dishes? I'm not sure. I wouldn't mind coming back here again for some cheap grub when I'm back in Vegas since it is walking distance on the strip to MGM, Aria, etc...PS - the food didn't look appetizing on the steamer trays since it looked all dried up, but it was still pretty tasty and moist.
2	Came here for lunch accidentally after a supposedly lunch with friends who invited us to their time share building which was around the area.  After looking around for for almost an hour (nobody seems to know them ) We gave up and decided to go back to our hotel .We walked pass this Filipino restaurant right on the mall entrance & decided to give it a try . It looked pretty decent & clean & the staff seem quite friendly.  There is a buffet alright but choices are limited ..and since it was already pass 2:00 pm my hunger pangs are beginning to react. .  My friend & I tried their combo.  2 Kinds of dishes with rice for  $6.99 .  I had the   Pork Adobo & Pampano Sinigang.  It was not  the best but I was hungry ... I finished it in a flash !! . That's probably why there was just one table occupied .  My friend ordered the  Pinakbet  & Paksiw.   Nothing really compares to that Kusina ni Lorraine Buffet which to me is one of  the best Filipino buffets in Vegas so far.  Would I go back to this Place  ?  Probably not  !!
4	Really tasty. Was at Spring Mountain location, lady's a crack up. Loaded up for under $8.
3	Kapit Bahay moved to Chinatown. They are no longer in Hawaiian marketplace. (As of 5/20/2014)I am mourning. Lol. I can't walk from my hotel and get my nom nom on.  What Asian options do I have? Aha!! Dumpling & Noodle house :) it's not jungle food but it's suffice until they open another Filipino eatery that's walking distance. :)
2	Good food.. But the cashier/server doesnt seem so happy. I've been here twice and same attitude.. It would get 4 stars, if they had an attitude change. i was hoping they were just having a bad day the first tym, but I dont think they like what theyre doing. Prolly not gonna come back unless I am dying to have filipino food. And I love filipino food!
2	I went here ten years ago and it was bad. Yesterday, I thought I would give them another chance. The food was disappointing. The pork sinigang was over cooked and dry. The rice was crunchy. I will never go here again. I also bought sweet rice wrapped in banana leaves and it was over priced and disgusting. You can go to the 99 Ranch market and get better food.
1	If you are in Chinatown and want Filipino food, please go somewhere else this was probably the most bottom of the barrel Filipino food I've ever had in my life.  Disgusting and under seasoned.
