4	Great food for an airport. The concept is a fixed menu of 8-10 "bowls" with a choice of meat, veg (including veggie), starch (brown rice, white rice, noodles), and styles (eg teriyaki, korean, mongolian) . You order, pay your $8-10, then they cook it right in front of you. So you get FRESH food for about what you would pay for steamtable fare anywhere else.  Plus it's actually good ! We need more of these in more airports.  Together with the sushi joint right next door, this makes the Charlotte Airport  a really nice place to transfer thru. Very strong work.
3	Wow. The three stars is for the food and well I won't dare judge the entire staff on ONE BAD SHEEP aka "Doris." The food is pretty good but I only took a few bites because the lady at the registered messed my order up. When the sweet, sweet cook brought up my order and explained that she can whip me up another bowl because its not correct the cashier yells turns to us and shouts "let her take it, let her take it." It's not just about me but about other customers who instead of being welcomed with warm energy have to deal with a lady who has a huge attitude. Listen you old hag, (kidding, kidding, LOL...I'm totally not mad LOL so allow me to find humor in the situation). I'm not going to get punked into your poor customer service skills... She needs another job. Perhaps she angry because she's having a rough/long day... Whatever is going on in her life's reflecting through her work and energy for sure. HOWEVER Gerald the manager who also owns my favorite place next door (Carolina BBQ) is a total sweetheart and he showed us southern hospitality, he gave me a full refund and discount on food from his other joint which I fell in love with at first bite! Try the food. Pray to God you get someone else to take your order and say Hi to Gerald and let him know what a fabulous job he's doing! I'm sure enough to say this is a 4-5 STAR place if not for the one wrong decision made in the hiring process.
4	Pretty good for airport food. Huge portions. Had the spicy shrimp chow mein.. it was awesome. needed a little more spice, added one of their hot sauce packets.. did the trick..
3	Good experience
4	Not able to customize like at the dine in restaurants but not a bad selection. Big portion. Bests most alternatives at airport fast foods.
4	I am brainwashed into thinking that airport being in an airport means "eat bad Chinese food ".  I went on a search for Manchu Wok and was pleasantly surprised to find the Genghis Grill. Made in Mongolian Style (huge flat wok), the dishes  have a good amount of meet and fresh vegetables.I was glad to have some stir fried rather than deep fried Chinese food. I hope this chain spreads to more airports.
4	Freshly made, big portions and great taste. Ohh almost forgot, cost less than the bottle of water and chips I purchased at the Cancun airport for $10.
4	Wonderful food choice for an airport.Takes a little longer than fast food but in under 10 minutes you are on your way with a delicious meal. I have not heard anyone complain, but i like the fried rice special the most.
4	AWESOME for what you would think of as "airport food." I love the concept of the fresh veggies on the wok and cooked right in front of you. I got the beef and broc with fried rice. It was excellent and a good price ($9)
5	Get the Thai Chicken or Beef Broccoli. The food is always fresh and the service is excellent!
2	Really confused about the high star rating here...  I was actually excited for airport food due to the high Yelp reviews.  Should have dialed down my expectations?  I got the teriyaki chicken with brown rice.  The rice and chicken were both really dry.  The veggies were soggy.  Service was great, unlike some other posters, but that did not make up for the food.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing?  Price was right - under $10 for food with tax.
5	Best Asian stir fry I've ever had at a fast food joint. Delicious and piping hot... Cooked fresh, not steamed in a pan all day. Yumm
4	As far as airport food goes, this was not a bad option. It's certainly not a normal Mongolian BBQ place because that's just not feasible in an airport. But they had great menu options and the cashier even made it a point to ask every single customer if they had any food allergies. For the gluten-free crowd, they have several soy-sauce substitutes available, so you don't have to limit yourself to just the curry options.If this had not been in an airport, I might not have been so generous with my rating. However, it was an excellent airport option.
4	I love the Genghis Grill in downtown Chattanooga, so I was excited when I saw this GG open at CLT.  I am happy to share the food was excellent. The line was long but moved fast. A five minute wait for my food, which wasn't bad considering the line. The employes were typical of the airport and it was priced like it was in an airport. Those two issues cost the review one star. Worth the stop if you are passing through CLT.
2	After reading the other yelp reviews I was looking forward to trying this place.  I generally like asian food. Unfortunately it didn't deliverI had the chicken teriyaki bowl on brown rice.  The flavors didn't mix well.  The teriyaki seemed more like straight soy sauce and the carrots were raw.I also ordered the lettuce wraps (I was hungry) which were slightly better.  The sauce was flavorful but the chicken filling seemed like they put it in the blender for too long.There aren't a lot of great food options in the Charlotte airport but unless you are craving Asian stir fry, I would look elsewhere
1	Wow.  Must've been an off day but I arrived when there were lines at every eatery at CLT Airport.  My food was scorched and had a flavor of being burnt.  Never coming here again. Big disappointment.
1	Buddhist bowl.  Awful, the use canned bamboo shoots and other canned ingredients.  Asked for extra spicy, instead of cooking with peppers, they give a container of hot sauce.  Manchu wok was 10x better
2	Disappointed with the food.It didn't taste good to me.The noodles were starchy and my order was swapped with another gentleman.There was not enough flavors to their stir fry.However I did like their dumplings with some hot sauce, the only saving grace.
4	Nice to have a vegetarian option (other than salad) when traveling.  Ordered the Bhuda Bowl.  Not totally a fan of the mix of vegetables (green beans, but no onions?) but it was still tasty over the noodles with a Siracha sauce and a bit of soy sauce on it.  Asahi beer?  Yes please.  Order taker was very friendly.  Food was quick.
2	Genghis Grill is usually one of my favorite fast food restaurants, but I was pretty disappointed with this location. Usually, much of the Genghis Grill experience comes from hand-picking your ingredients, preparing your bowl with different combinations of meats, rices/noodles, vegetables, sauces, and seasonings, then watching it all come together on a huge hibachi-esque grill. The airport location does away with all that, and ultimately you're left with unsatisfying, generic takeout-quality Asian food.I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki bowl, which fell way short of my expectations. First off, it was way too salty and oily - there was practically a layer of oil at the bottom of the container when I was done. There was also a very skewed ratio of carrots and onions to chicken and rice, which generally just didn't make for a very appetizing or pleasant meal.The customer service at this location is great, and the line moves quickly. I really, really can't say much that is supportive about the food quality here, though. Next time I'm in CLT, I'm positive that I won't be eating here.
4	The food here is good.  It is an airport take out restaurant but the food is good.  Fresh made to order.
3	This is a good option from the other places at the airport. I was attracted to this place because it seemed really healthy and fresh. I got the chicken teriyaki with udon. It was ok. I did not expect it to be as sweet as it was. There were too many pineapples which I didn't expect at all. The noodles were fine and the chicken was ok. It was a bit bland but satisfactory. It definitely tasted healthy. It's fairly priced comparatively. You can get your food in less than 10 minutes which is great if you are in a rush.
1	Ok I know it's in an airport. But this was by far the most flavor less, bland Asian food I've ever had! Bland and Asian rarely go together.  But this food had NONE. Let me be specific. I ordered the Beef bowl. They claim it was marinated. But in what? Must have been water. While I don't claim to be a salt a holic, this food was devoid of any salt whatsoever. Even adding salty soy sauce didn't help much.So IF you must eat at the Charlotte airport, just go next door to the Carolina BBQ place which is FAR better! Or really any other place other than Blando Grill.
3	Not your regular Genghis grill where you get to pick and choose your ingredients. They have a limited menu but still a good option compared to what you get in airports. The food is freshly made and served hot. Had the chicken teriyaki bowl which was well made. The portions were generous and I walked away happy.
2	It was OK. My "Buddhist Udon Noodles" were tasty, but very salty. My wife's Special Fried Rice was salty, but not tasty. Overall better than edible, but not great by any stretch. And at $10 per, not a great value (a lot of mediocre food for a lot of money doesn't constitute a great value, y'all.). If you're hungry, you can do worse, and unfortunately, it's hard to do better. There just aren't many good value meals at CLT. Charlotte's a pretty nice airport ... except for the food.
2	Why 2 stars? Because it's one of the worst meals I've had in a long time.   ---   ---   ---I used to eat at a local Mongolian grill very often in high school, and I was pretty excited to be reunited with one during my layover in Charlotte.I can excuse the fact that my order was forgotten, and I had to wait much longer than everyone else around me... mistakes happen. What I cannot understand is how they can, in good conscience, serve the Mongo BBQ bowl. Honestly, it's one of the worst tasting things I have had in a very long time.I can't imagine the President of Genghis Grill visiting this location, tasting this dish, and saying, "yep... that's the Genghis way!"I mean, it was just awful. Even if I don't like something, I usually end up finishing the whole thing, because I'm a human garbage can... but I couldn't stomach finishing this.
5	One of my favorite but "special occasion" place to eat is Mongolian BBQ and this place is like a mini verison of that. I was so excited to get some great food during my layover. Airports have improved vastly over the years but still it's an airport. This was definitely one of the better and much more affordable places for something quick.
2	Needed something quick. Disappointed. I got the edamame but it's under done and cold. I built a bowl and it's tasty but my broccoli is also really under done. It's like a bowl of steaming shrimp and rice, yummy pineapple and carrots and the broccoli...all but raw broccoli. In between connections and no time to ask them to make it right. Will hold me over but still a disappointment.
4	I was always a fan of Genghis Grill when I lived in Houston and was sad to learn that there wasn't a location near me in Chicago.  It's great to have Genghis in the CLT airport because I can always count on it being a decent standby for my vegan veggie and tofu fix.I could not find their hours posted on the website however, today they opened at 10:00 am on a Tuesday morning.  I waited maybe 5-7 minutes and my bowl was done and piping hot.  The staff are friendly and knowledgeable.  This was the first time at Genghis I have ever been asked if I had a food allergy which was amazing because I could tell them I'm vegan with confidence they knew the meaning.I always make it a point to stop in for a bite before my flight since all of the other typical airport stables, such as Chili's Too, categorically fail to meet my needs.
3	It was alright.  Quick preparation. Above average taste however over priced compares to other choices in the airport
2	Food is better when you make it yourself - that is what genghis grill on regular restaurant.  Too salty and you have no control over it.  Asian order takers is a good touch but you need to be able to converse proficiently in English.  They don't even offer build you own because she didn't speak or understand English good enough.  Good food but needs better service.
2	Barely a meal. I ordered pepper steak BBQ sauce with white rice (forgot exact name). Those "steak" are far more like chicken rather than steak. I know that I shouldn't expect great food in an airport, but this restaurant is purely wasting my money and appetite.
2	Fine for airport food in a pinch in that for $11 or so you get a full steaming hot rice bowl with your protein of choose, some veggies, and it's reasonably healthy and fast. But it's pricey considering no drink is included (even a bottle of water which is $4 as it's mainly Fiji or Smart water). My tofu Buddha bowl was a little overcooked and bland. It could have used some spice or seasoning. My fiance's spicy shrimp bowl was slightly better but spicy and not flavorful is how we would both describe it. I'd try something else the next time I'm in Charlotte.
