4	A nice surprise in the middle of nowhere!  The staff was very friendly and same (middle of the road) quality that you would expect from a Denny's.  If I am every starving after trekking across the Arizona desert again, I would return!
1	Never go here late. Got into town wanted some food and if I only sat here for over a half hour before anyone came and even gave me a menu and talk about a shitty attitude. The crack head that took our order could have not gotten everything more wrong! Avoid this place at all costs!
3	When making road trips from Las Vegas to Phoenix or Tucson, I almost always stop in Wickenburg to stretch my legs, gas up my car and grab a bite to eat. If I am not in a hurry to get where I am going (which I admit, is rare), I'll stop into this Denny's for a sit-down meal.Since I head back to Arizona for the holidays often, I appreciate knowing that even on Christmas Eve at 11 pm, Denny's will be open since they are open 24/7, every day of the year. There is a large selection of food to choose from, with breakfast being served all day. I have been pleasantly surprised to find somewhat healthy options on the menu. Service has always been friendly and efficient. Food never takes very long. The bathrooms are clean. And there is a gas station directly across the street I can stop at before heading on my way.This is an A-OK place to stop for a meal when in Wickenburg.
1	WORST DENNY'S EVER. I should have went to McDonald's for fast food instead. The bathrooms reeked of weed. The food was cooked slow when there was no one else in the restaurant. My pancake puppies came out burnt. I ate them anyways because I was so hungry. When my food came out, I was greeted with a quesadilla that had barely any cheese in it. To add salt to wound, they used American sliced cheese it! How do you mess up something that is one of the easiest foods to make?? My boyfriend's chicken wrap was made with very hard tortilla. The place I guess is under new (mediocre) management. There was only one server and one manager who was the cook. Never going there again. Zero stars if that was possible. No actually. Just go out of business already. I'm sure it went under new management for a reason
1	Poor service. Waited too long for waitress ( Kim) to take our order.  not happy. Will very likely eat somewhere else next time.
