5	Let me start by first expressing my amazement that there are, as of now, no Yelp reviews for such a unique place. How can it be that this hidden gem of a store has evaded exposure? My guess would be that, after visiting, its clientele chooses never again to type on a boring old laptop. That being said, I'm the sort of person who is petrified of venturing into niche shops - including, but not limited to: cobblers, tailors and violin stores - for fear that my absolute lack of knowledge on the subject will be cripplingly obvious. But, with a troublesome typewriter and less than 24 hours before Valentine's Day, I overcame this fear and called up Mesa Typewriter Exchange. One of the benefits of these labor-of-love sort of stores is the unparalleled customer service, and Bill was no exception. He offered to meet me at the store at 7 PM, well past normal business hours, and when I showed up he was cheerful and excited to see my machine. Bill is a contagious mix of enthusiastic, knowledgeable, patient and unpretentious. Within a matter of minutes he had replaced the ribbon and had my typewriter working as good as new. The shop itself is overflowing with typewriters of all sorts and sizes, from all decades and in all conditions. The fact that someplace like this exists, undiscovered, in the heart of downtown Mesa is a modern miracle, and anyone and everyone within 30 miles of this place should, at the very least, stop in for a look around, if not to fall in love with a typewriter of their very own.
5	Bill is the nicest guy! He went out of his way for us!  He is a true expert in his craft. Our typewriters are all fixed up & ready to go.  His knowledge about the typewriters is incredible! Go see Bill! You will love his shop, so cool that typewriters are everywhere!  He even rents them out for special occasions!
5	Brought a friend's old Selectric in and Bill diagnosed and repaired it on the spot for a fair price! A great selection of eclectic old typwriters for anyone wanting to write the Great American Novel old school style.
