5	Great location!  You can walk just about anywhere from the hotel.  The underground city is just round the block. The rooms were clean and comfortable.  There is a small gym on the 3rd floor opened to guests.  It gets crowded in the morning as it is also a "health club" opened to members (public).  There is a small jacuzzi and a pool.  You can get into the jacuzzi from the pool through an indoor link.   Ultra cool! We could not make out if the bar/cafe downstairs offered free drinks and tapas in the evenings for guests at the hotel (the sign in the elevators were not very clear) and we never really made it back to the hotel on time to try.Oooi breakfast is not included but if you are "cheap" you can always go down for a quick breakfast of coffee/tea, juice, muffins and fruit at the gym.  There are also fruit offerings in the reception area downstairs.Would recommend this hotel.
5	Awesome location! Just as the person before me described, you can walk ANYWHERE from this location in downtown Montreal. Our hotel room was very clean, and while not the nicest, was a very good deal and we received a lot more for our money compared to going to Vegas for the same rate. Montreal in the summertime is beautiful! It's an awesome haven to escape to..especially from Southern California and this hotel provided us a very good stay for the four days we spent there.
4	I spent my honeymoon at the Omni and I did not want to leave. The room was amazing and the price was even better!!!  The king sized bed was wicked comfortable and the room was friggin' huge!!! Our view was gorgeous, they give you complimentary robes, real glasses in the types of sifters, wine, juice and coffee mugs.  No styrofoam mess here!  They have a pool, a sauna, and a hot tub as well as a gym and spa.  Can you tell I usually slum it or stay with friends? My four instead of five rating is due to the fact that the staff might be a little too eager to clean and serve.  Make sure you put your inside lock on the door even if you place the do not disturb sign on your outer door.  A few times we heard a light knocking and then the door just pushed open. D'oh, maybe not what you want on your honeymoon! Also, don't bother getting take-out coffee from the bar, it's the same crap burnt coffee that you get in your room and they charge you $3 for a small cup.  No good. Go across the street and get a cappuccino and a croissant. It's worth the extra 100 foot walk.
4	One of my wife's vendors booked the room for us so I was a little doubtful. We have an Omni in San Diego next to the ballpark and it is awesome but I still had my reservations. So you know that first 30 seconds when you walk in a hotel room for the first time...First look = checkSmell = checkClean carpet = checkBathroom = checkBed = checkWhew...OK, time to break out the laptop and check out the area...Food = walkableBars/Lounges = walkable/cabClubs = cabShopping = checkThis is a great hotel (for the price) with a weekends worth of things to do within walking distance. 4 Stars
2	We had issues from the start at the Omni Hotel. Because we book through Orbitz, not the hotel website, we were not guaranteed 2 beds like we had wanted. We had kill 3 hours while they got a room together. No big deal, I understand now that is the risk you take by booking through a 3rd party.When we got to the room couple more issues: The toilet ran for 15 minutes after you flush it.The mini fridge was broken. We found this out after we had placed all of our stuff in it and unpacked.The AC was very slow to kick it. It was in the high 80's that weekend. It took about 6 hours to get the room to cool down to a decent level.The ice machine on our floor was broken (level 21). Sucks when the fridge is broken.Good things about the hotel:Parking, easy in, easy out at $15 / day right at the hotel.Location, location, location. Easy, safe walking distance to all Montreal has to offer.Very large bathrooms and closets.Bad things about the hotel:No free breakfastNo couch in the room.No vending machines (I didn't see any at least)Very dated furniture and carpets.Small TV.wifi was $15 / day (I was unable to pick up any local networks either)I never tried the hotel restaurant. The menu looked over priced compared to the local restaurants. Breakfast started at $15. Dinners looked around $35+.I probably won't stay here again unless I get a really good price. The Marriott next door has more to offer (free wifi, breakfast, kitchenette, couch) at only a slightly higher price.
4	I was a guest here for a conference back in Oct '06.  The front desk staff were very nice, and my room was above average.  Close to shopping and the underground.   Stay here, you wont be disapponted.
4	Yes - another online deal was had at this Omni. The check-in desk was courteous and welcoming. We got a room on the seventh floor and the view was overlooking their pool. Not much of a view, but the room was great! Comfortable bed, clean bathroom and a couch made our stay here very nice.  Plus, the location was very convenience for us.
4	My husband and I loved our stay at the Omni.  It was centrally located and we had a great view of Mont Royal from our window.  We found it clean and well attended.  The staff was all very friendly and helpful.  It's right near the Peel Metro stop and was within walking distance from a lot of the exciting parts of the city.  It wasn't the most luxe hotel I've been to, but was sufficient for our needs and very reasonably priced.   The rooftop pool was a real win, with an indoor sauna and hot tub that connected to an outdoor pool with views of the city.  I would definitely recommend a stay here if you are looking for a good deal in Montreal.
2	The hotel might had been 4-star 30 years ago, but everything there is so out-dated now, the amenities, decor, hotel rooms, bathrooms, and the furnitures in the room, all looked "aged."  The only thing that looks a bit nicer is the front door with tons of 1000-watt lights shooting at the entrance of the hotel.  Definitely not a 4-star inside like it says on Priceline.The one nice thing is the friendly staffs.  They answer all my questions and was very helpful recommending restaurants and places to visit.But for the price of a 4-star hotel, which this hotel is not, is somewhat not worth it.
3	I recently stayed at the Omni Mont Royal because I got a good price on a room during the winter non-peak season in Montreal. The room was clean and well kept but the tub had an issue with draining slowly.  This issue was quickly fixed within a day (they came in sometime while I was gone).  Housekeeping did a good job but would call the room (and occasionally knock) if I opted to sleep in and hang the "Privacy" hanger on the door to see if I needed anything.  A nice gesture but kind of odd... In terms of amenities the gym is open 24/7 by key card but the whirl pool is not open after 7 PM.  Also, they claim WiFi is $9.95/night but you have the option of joining the Select Guest program (free) and receive free internet access...seems like a no brainer to me.  Lastly, location is good - it's close to the Peel station on the green line and within walking distance to nightlife @ Crescent Street & Sainte Catherine Ouest.  The nearby restaurants however are relatively expensive and not as highly regarded in the Yelp community as I found out through my research.
3	Great location in the center of all the city. Pretty good rooms but the last time I stayed there the suite needed some updating. Good price for a downtown suite.
4	The rooms were somewhat old-fashioned, and the hotel's front desk was very, very friendly.  Reasonable over night parking.The printer wasnt working for my meeting, and the front desk comp'd printing all my necessary documents.  That was a nice touch.  Stroll down St. Catherines (right down the street), and also, if necessary, have a beer down at Peel Pub -- my old College haunt.
4	This is a very nice hotel. The rooms are large and the views are very lovely.  (I could see the mountains from my room.) The bathroom is huge.  Nicely appointed room. The staff is very professional. The location is very convenient -- lots of places are within walking distance and a metro station is very close by. There are a lot of hip places in the neighbourhood because the hotel is very close to McGill University.  I got a very good packaged deal through Hotwire -- flight and hotel.  Ask for a higher floor so you can get some great views of Montreal.
3	I stayed here in July when a friend and I went to Montreal for the weekend.  It was an okay hotel.  It was just a very old building so the rooms felt very old style. The doors of the hotel was very bulky and old. The cleaning ladies kept waking us up everyday at 8am and we had to send them away- they DIDN'T GIVE US ANY PRIVACY SIGNS.However, the front desk were REALLY friendly people, and they chatted us about things to do and where to go.  Super nice customer service.The TV is not a flat screen, which by now, is considered old.  The room was around $215 a night.  Location is great though! Walking distance to everything you need- we went to Old Montreal, Basilica, Chinatown.For the price, it wasn't so bad.
4	This will be my fav hotel to stay at in Montreal.  The staff are nice.  The hotel room is nice.  The view we received was amazing.  The only problem I encountered was with the room service.  The staff were great and the presentation were delightful.  It's the quality of the food that needed improvement.  Most of their night food is frozen.  The taste were not there.  You're better off ordering out.
3	Excellent service, convenient location, great bar. Recommendable, but could probably do better.The location is fantastic. The staff are SUPER friendly and helpful (the door guys CAN be a little too much in your face - getting bags, opening doors, pressing elevator buttons for you - but they balance out the over-the-topness with some pretty good bilingual humor).The bar, and especially the bar tender, were really top notch. The bar tender knows how to make some classic cocktails - which turned out to be something that most bar tenders in Montreal can't do, for some strange reason. Know that the bar closes at 11pm though, so as not to compete with the bars downtown.The rooms were comfy enough, though our TV remote didn't works, the decor looks a little 80s-weathered, the staff IGNORED the signs that we were given to place on the bed that said "don't need to make the bed" but they made the bed anyway, one of our windows didn't close properly (and it was -18 with the windchill outside), which ACTUALLY meant that the room was pumping out super hot air 24/7 to compensate, it was a steamy stay!
4	A nice, clean hotel in a good location.  Great lobby, restaurant and bar in house, 24 hour room service, really nice and spacious bathroom, which is always a plus to me.  They have the possibility of adjoining rooms, they add a refrigerator to the room for an additional cost, and WiFi is $10 a day unless you sign up for free rewards account.  (If you do the first 24 hours of WiFi is free.) The closets are large and are stocked with robes and a wall safe. The floor plan is open and inviting and the beds/sheets are more than decent,  The only thing I have negative to say is that the decor is a bit outdated, but the friendly, inviting staff and cleanliness of everything far outweighs the horrible drapes.  I will absolutely use the Omni upon return to Montreal!
3	I was in Montreal for a long weekend, for a conference. The Omni had a very good rate and was close to the overpriced conference hotel. Some parts of my stay were good, some less good. I might go back if I'm in Montreal, but I wouldn't make any great effort to do so.  It's close to the museum, to the university, and various other convenient things like that. If you don't like modern design, you'll be just fine at the Omni. Very my grandmother in 1977 decor. Not that it's a bad thing. Just very floral. If you join their frequent guest program-- which is free, and why wouldn't you collect miles/points?-- wireless is free. AND, even better, at check-in, you'll get a card for complimentary beverages from room service each morning (x2 drinks per person!).  One of my great delights when staying in hotels is getting room service coffee delivered. (I like it. Whatever). Add a can of coke, and I'm golden. The room service bagel wasn't bad-- it was actually 4 bagels for $4 or so, and came with a lovely selection of spreads and what-not.  Those perks alone made up for the less good parts of the stay.One big peeve in hotels is lack of outlets. There is a delightfully oversized chair that I would like to be sitting in, but can't because it isn't anywhere close to an outlet, and I need to recharge my laptop. Yes, I could move furniture around-- and I probably will-- but I shouldn't have to. There aren't any outlets accessible near the bed, either. In order to use the outlet near the desk, I actually had to unplug a lamp. Not good, people.There's a coffee maker, and they've got Tazo tea in the room, but no kettle, so if you want hot water for tea, you have to brew it through the coffee maker. Mmmm.Now, housekeeping was a bit of an issue. They were always there, it seemed. I left one morning by 8 am. Came back around 3. They were in the room cleaning. I needed to do work very quickly before heading out again at 4, so I had the pleasure of having housekeeping keeping house around me.  I also came back one day around noon. They were there. They came one evening for turn-down, I was leaving soon and asked them to come back in 20 minutes. They never did. Which was unfortunate, because there was no more toilet paper & I hoped they'd fix that at turn-down. Instead, around 11 pm, I had to call the front desk for more tp. There is a hot tub (in the fitness center); the pool was closed for the season. There weren't showers in the locker rooms, but then again, one could go up to one's room.  There were weights & other machines, none of which I used. The hot tub was nice, though.
2	I was excited to stay in a four star hotel in downtown. The location of the Omni was excellent. It was near all the shopping and restaurants. The room itself was covered in flora and looked like it had not been updated since the 60's. The only saving grace was the beds were very comfortable.I do not recommend ordering room service. I know room service is expensive, but I got eggs Benedict, 2 waters, 2 coke, and orange juice and my bill was $70. I am okay with paying higher prices but that was just ridiculous. We also had to pay $40 for valet parking. And to top it off the internet was $9.95 per day per device.
3	This well situated, well run hotel is in dire need of a make-over.  Has been for years!  Seriously, this WAS a five star hotel, downgraded to 4 star and the lack of investment is not doing much to bolster peoples belief in a shot at changing the downward trajectory.  I am quite certain that most of their bookings come from discount sites these days as it is frequently the door prize in the "I wanna 4 star for under a $100" sweepstakes.  POSITIVES:Excellent locationLarge RoomsFriendly Professional StaffDecent bedsNEGATIVESOld, unappealing room decorLack of certain modern conveniencesAtrocious room service foodLackluster dining optionsSlow, expensive WiFiIf you just got it in the big "YOU'RE STAYING HERE" reveal don't fret.  It's still pretty comfy and once you're out of the room (where you think you're staying at Grandmothers house) you'll feel as though you're in a proper city hotel.TIP - Join the Omni Frequent Sleeper program and then you get slow FREE WiFi !!!
4	Good hotel! I was a little terrified after booking on Priceline and seeing these "meh" reviews. We were on Route to Montreal and wanted a 4 star hotel in the downtown area for under $100. Well, we arrived around 4pm and they upgraded us to a corner suite on the top floor with a killer view. But are we all talking about the same hotel? The hotel was nice, spotlessly clean and the staff was exceptional. Everyone was friendly, helpful and made us feel right at home, The bed was so comfortable, and the washroom was almost the size of my condo.  Our room was a little dated, but really it just looked like a hotel. Not "Shagadellic" o "grandma like" was this just our room?Parking was cheap, under $15 a day with one "in and out"We did not bother with wifi but a local call was $1.19. The location was great for regular tourism. Downtown, you can walk to shopping, the Bell Centre, there is a metro nearby. Old Montreal is close enough. For US, we would have stayed elsewhere, over the few days we were in the city we continued to take cabs to the same neighborhood of Mont-Royal - as everything we wanted to eat or see was there. If you want to shop and sight see, its great.We would definitely stay here again. The staff are really incredible.
4	I have not heard of the Hotel Omni hotel chain until we booked our hotel through Hotwire.  Hotwire rated the hotel as a 4 star, for $120 a night, almost 50% off regular price, we decided to book it!Hotel Omni's location is great, it is right across McGill's campus and walking distance to St Catherine, St Laurent and other major streets in the downtown Montreal core.  The metro station is kitty-corner from the hotel.  The location of the hotel made it easy to get around the city.Parking - self-park was $16, the concierge directed us to their self-park lot.  The directions may seem confusing but it is well worth not having to pay the extra $10 for valet.  There are no in/out privileges with the self park.Hotel - the hotel has a big of the dated appeal, but it is quite fancy.  I really liked the wide open lobby area.  There were quite a few people taking photos of the lobby when we arrived.Room - our room was huge.  With the king size bed, there was still room to have a dance party in the common/sitting area.  We had a nice view of Mont Royal park facing Sherbrooke street.  The bathroom was a descent size and it came with your very own heat lamp (to dry off after your shower)Service - great, they were even able to give us a late check-out the next day without any issues.Overall, I would come back to the hotel again.  The downside is that they did not give us free WiFi.  I will have to ask for it at the next Montreal visit.
3	3.5 stars!I don't know much about this hotel chain since this hotel at this location was my first experience. My wife and I booked this through priceline.The location of the hotel is pretty good. The main shopping strip is located only a few blocks walking distance. The mountain trail is also close by. The hotel is very clean and very nice. At first when we got there we were a little skeptical. The check-in was painless and fast. When we got to our room, it was clean but it was out-dated. I don't know why. The decor was old-school and even the TV was the tube TV. The room, although clean, did give off the feel that it was an old hotel that had not been upgraded. I mean, you spend money on a 4-star hotel and you do kind of expect a nice getaway where the room and hotel is modern, nice, and comfortable. Am I wrong? The staff is very helpful and they went out of their way to help us look for restaurants that we wanted to eat at. They even told us where to go and what sights to see. If we had any questions, they were there to help us out. Bravo! That's quite rare at hotels nowadays for some reason. Well, it's a clean hotel in a great location. I guess that should do it for most people.
4	My sister and I stayed here as it was part of a package from GP Tours for the Formula 1 Canadian Grand Prix.  It's a huge hotel and has many floors.  It's close to a metro station, shopping area, restaurants and a short 5-8min walk to Crescent Street where they have street parties on F1 weekend.  So, the location is perfect.The staff members were very helpful and friendly.  Checking in and out were easy and hassle-free.  The only thing that might turn people away from staying here is that they don't serve breakfast...at least not that I can remember.  That didn't bother me at all as we'd wake up around brunch anyway.
3	It was ok experience.Not luxurous as the other omni in the unites states.The decor was plain in the room .I got breakfast accross the street in the sofitel hotel I wont stay again in this hotel .It was more a 3.5 stars than a 4 stars :(They charge me for the internet even and I am a member at the omni :(
5	More than impressed with this hotel.  The staff has been extremely courteous and helpful.   Located in a great spot you can easily walk around to explore.   Room was clean and modern looking.  Up in the 22nd floor it was a nice view of the area. I used the restaurant for dinner and got the Chef salad and a tea then the next morning used it for breakfast.  My dining experience gets 5 stars as well.   Food was not cheap, but service and quality of food makes up for it. Do not hesitate to stay here!
1	I booked two nights on Expedia at the lowest possible rate (clearly marked 'firm, no cancellation', which was fine as my intentions were 'firm'.) But then I had a family health emergency and could not travel. I called the hotel, and was told to call Expedia, which I did; they said they had to call the hotel to see 'what the penalty for cancellation will be'.  Lady came back and said, 'they will offer you no refund at all.'  In this age of hyper competition, what kind of service is this???  If a person has proof of a health emergency (i.e., Emergency Room paperwork), they should at least provide a credit to be used within 12 months, if not a full refund. I will NEVER book at Omni again, and will advise my friends to do the same.
5	I've stayed here several times and the experience is always peasant. The hotel has undergone a beautiful renovation - the lobby is nice...the rooms are clean and the front desk and concierge (especially the beautiful gentleman named Michele) are all so friendly and helpful. If you sign up for the Omni select program, you get a free beverage in the morning, free wifi, laundry press, turndown service and some other few things. The rooms themselves are clean, offer a safe box in the closet, have an iron/ironing board and hair dryer. This hotel is within walking distance of metro PEEL station, St. Catherine if you want to go shopping, and Crescent Street. I highly recommend staying here.
3	We stayed in the Hotel Omni Mont-Royal during Labor Day weekend in 2010.  The hotel staff was polite, the rooms were big and clean, but as others have said, the rooms were kind of outdated.  The curtains and the decorations were definitely luxury but luxury 30 years ago.  The location was nice, close to nice breakfast places and free weekend parking on the hill.  This hotel was nice overall and we got a good rate on Priceline, but the next time we came to Montreal, we wanted a place that was a bit more hip.
5	Great, pretty much sums it up. Staff was courteous, kind, smart and savvy. The beds are luxurious. Location is close to center of everything. I found it enjoyable from start to finish. The French accented decor was a plus to be sure. Looking forward to returning again.
4	Pleasantly decorated full service hotel located very centrally to Montreal's Central Business District.Generally impressed, with friendly and attentive staff.The only demerit was the WiFi service (free for loyalty program members, chargeable for other guests) which was a little flaky at the time of my visit (frequent disconnections, slow throughput), and the front desk admitted is a "known issue".
4	Fantastic hotel located right near McGill.  The lobby was very modern and updated, with friendly english/french speaking staff.We stayed in a deluxe room (their standard room)  and we were shocked how large it was.  We were offered an upgrade to a premium room or a suite, but we declined.  Glad we did because the room was huge!  The bathrooms are very modern, and the bed rooms are nice but certainly not the cutting edge of design.  It didn't bother me, we enjoyed it either way.Impeccably clean room, nice amenities.  (wi fi didn't have a signal in our room).Would highly recommend this hotel and its staff, and will stay here again next time in Montreal.
5	I've stayed here about 20 times in the past 12 years and I'm impressed by how consistently good this place is. The rooms are great, the bathrooms are first class.The lobby staff is outstanding, real professionals, so rare today in hotels.If you're new to Montreal, this is a great location. Excellent restaurants are within walking distance and so is Montreal's Fine Arts Museum. Taxis are always parked out front so it's easy to get to the Old City, the Plateau or other locations.
4	I stayed and the Omni Mont Royal for work and would definitely return again.  The staff was very kind and spoke both French and English.  Anne-Marie at the concierge desk was amazing, she gave me some great recommendations for dining and things to do as well as maps for me to explore places by foot.  Montreal is a very bike and walking-friendly city and the busses and metro are easy to navigate to see all the sights, go shopping, etc.The room itself was nice, very clean.  I ordered room service twice and they made mistakes both times which I called them about and nothing was done.  I just stopped ordering it and went out instead.  The "free" wi-fi for members was intermittent, but those were the only two negatives of my experience.Mike at the bar was great, Ernesto and Le Petit Opus was also very friendly.  I would definitely stay again!
4	On revisit WiFi situation improving - not getting random disconnections, speed largely acceptable other than peak hours
5	My wife and I stayed here during our honeymoon trek through the northeast.  So after a long drive from Toronto we were treated with a smiling valet that was warm and greeting.  He led us in to the lobby to the front desk and then said goodbye and enjoy your stay.  At the front desk there was no wait and were again greeted by friendly faces.  After hearing it was our honeymoon trip they bumped us to a wonderful city view room with a king bed.  After settling we went to shower off and then waiting at our door was a bottle of nice champagne with some chocolates, how nice!After getting ready we went to chat with the concierge about what to do and where to eat. We also thanked her for the wonderful surprise that came to our room.  Anne-Marie was her name and she booked us for both a dinner the nit the we arrived and also the next night, also mentioning it was our honeymoon and trying to get us a better table or appetizer, this lady was awesome!If you have a chance to stay here I would highly recommend it.  Everyone here was very nice.
4	Came here for our honeymoon and very happy with the service we received. They emailed me a list of local restaurants and sent a welcome gift to room of cheesecake and mineral water when we arrived. The cheesecake was fabulous.Loved the spacious bathroom wish it had two sinks though. One thing is this hotel does not have any rooms with a kitchenette or heck even a microwave which is a bit of a bummer, no smoking rooms as well. Noise was the worst thing here between the hallway and the outside I could hear anything going on in hallway and outside noise was surprisingly loud on 27th floor. Our room faced mont royal.Housekeeping was good one day they really slacked but also didn't pick up the tip I left for some reason. I left a toiletrie bag and they are shipping it to me. Overall a great experience and the rooms seem to have been updated in the last year or so. Oh and the hotel bar is fabulous. Skip the room service though food was NOT worth the money. Goat cheese pizza was disgusting
5	Spent 3 nights in Montreal,  the hotel is centrally located to downtown and conveniently located to two metro stations.  Old Montreal is just a few stops away.   Hotel is beautiful,  rooms are decorated with a 70's feel! Beds are very comfortable, water pressure could be improved (feels like a trickle).   WiFi is free if you join their loyalty program (which is also free). Parking is a little pricey at $26 a day but that includes in and out as often as you want. The concierge is very informative. Check in was fast and easy!
2	We are giving this hotel only two stars because, though it was okay, we expected much better for the price. Both days we were there we headed out for long walks in the city. We returned late in the afternoon and each time found the room had not been cleaned. We have never stayed in a place that turned rooms over so late in the day. It did not make for a relaxing break before heading out to dinner. We used the wi-fi and nothing in the login indicated that we would be charged.  Free wi-fi should be standard especially in a "luxury" hotel. At the very least, the charges should be clear when you log in. We did appreciate the location and the helpful concierges. We won't stay here again.P. S. The first morning we stayed, I went in search of coffee. I did not see any in the lobby so I went to the hotel restaurant. I specifically asked if there would be coffee in the lobby. I was told no and then sold a cup of $3.00 coffee. Two days later as we checked out, there was a big urn of free coffee in the lobby. It's the little things that make up for good customer service. Omni should do better. This is not big league service.
2	This hotel has poor customer service.Check-in is at 3pm and it is 6:02pm and still no room. They keep blaming housekeeping with very little remorse. Seriously? You're not apologizing for this inconvenience? I rate this 2 stars because there is a pool and the location is decent in relation to the dining and shopping we need to do. Would I stay here again? No. Would I recommend? No.  A hotel should accommodate it's paying guests with a room at the proper time. And if there is a wait, I expect a sincere apology at the least. Hotel Omni is a fail, in my opinion.
4	My wife and two kids (ages 2 and 4) came here for a 10th anniversary celebration vacation. Couldn't really complain much. Room was nice, housekeeping was considerate (picked up our kids toys and placed them nicely on the cabinet). On our first day, they delivered milk and cookies for the kids for free.Location is okay; probably a great location for a business trip. There isn't much downtown for kids so while the hotel certainly accomodated us well, the surrounding business don't really make much of an effort to cater to families.Maybe we got lucky but we booked the hotel with a special summer promotion they were running and the price ended up being the cheapest of the major downtown hotels. Some of the bad reviews seem to suggest this hotel is expensive so I could understand how my expections might be higher if I paid a lot more. As other reviewers have stated, book the hotel directly through their website instead of Expedia, Orbitz, etc. If you do that and sign up for their rewards program, the wifi is free.They have a pool but it's outdoors. We did self-parking at a garage nearby which saved us about $10 per day compared to the hotel's valet parking. It's convenient to buses and the Metro.
5	Great experience at the Omni Mont-Royal during our three night stay in Montreal. The entire staff is friendly, helpful and competent. Special kudos to the male concierge who works during the day. He is very knowledgeable about the city, patient with all kinds of questions, and even helpful about what to do on a rainy day. Thanks to everyone at the hotel for making our stay enjoyable.
5	I cannot say enough as to how great this hotel was and how amazing the concierge service was. The hotel was beautiful, but the help of Alexandre the concierge is what stands out the most to me. I will mention that the room and views from the room of Mont-Royal were lovely before I discuss the customer service.I brought my then girlfriend (now fiancee) to Montreal as a surprise to propose to her. Alexandre arranged for a vase of roses to be waiting for her in the room which she loved.I mainly wanted help with setting up a picnic for after our engagement, and Alexandre was extremely helpful. He suggested places to do everything (I originally wanted to do it at Mont-Royal but he alerted me that there was renovation at Beaver Lake so I did it at the Botanical Gardens) and on top of that he set up everything to be there when we arrived.He had a contact at the botanical gardens who set up a beautiful picnic with champagne and cheeses and fruits in a secluded area, and they even picked flowers for her from the gardens and then brought over newly picked raspberries. Not only was Alexandre and one other manager involved, but they were extremely excited and deeply interested in the event.After everything that happened this weekend, we will certainly be returning to Montreal together, and we will absolutely be staying here again.
4	I stayed at the Hotel Omni over Labor Day weekend. I was there for a wedding and stayed in one of the regular 1-king bed style rooms. Overall, when we arrived, the whole check-in process was great, from the valet to the bellman coming up with our bags. Everything was handled professionally. I requested foam pillows and a bunch were delivered. The room itself is nice, not gigantic but just big enough. The furniture is modern, the lighting is good and most importantly, the heating/cooling system worked perfectly. The room was clean and had a nice sized flat screen tv, mini fridge and a great view. I enjoyed our stay at this hotel and would recommend it for anyone visiting Montreal.
