5	Best Mani Pedi ever!  Great deal $30 combo!
5	Great mani/pedi at an awesome price! Only $30... Not only was my girl super nice but I also never felt like I was being talked about. Forgive me if that sounds wrong.
4	Clean location, friendly staff and great work!  If you can, ask for Sandy.  She is super friendly and extremely thorough.  I have gotten manicures, pedicures, Gelish polish, acrylic nails and eyebrow waxing done here and I have been extremely happy 99% of the time.  The only time I was disappointed was when I got my Gelish polish done for the first time.  A decent sized chunk chipped off the following day.  However, I went back and explained what happened (they remembered me from the previous day as well!).  They fixed the polish for free and it hasn't chipped again since.  That was almost TWO WEEKS ago!I will never get my nails done anywhere else in Vegas!
2	Ok it was straight- this was the only place close to my house that would take me in at the last minute.
5	Been going here for about 2 years. Tina always understands my needs and always gives me tons of options. Tina is always thorough with my nails and she really knows what I like. She's really friendly and loves what she does. Been to many many other places and I always end up coming back here and won't go anywhere else!!
5	Ask for Kim!  A few months ago, she convinced me to try a gel French manicure and now I'm hooked.  It lasts for a month (!) and I get lots of compliments on my elegant fingernails.  She also does a great pedicure and I walk out on baby-soft feet.  Kim is so sweet, I love going in just to see her.  Because she does such a great job, I only need to go in once a month, but sometimes I go in sooner because I love the pampering.
5	I've been coming here for years and have never had a problem getting in.  Tina and the rest of the ladies are so nice and inviting.  Kim is too sweet and always makes sure you are happy.  Their gel nail polish seems to last pretty long and I've never had issues with it here.  They have a great deal for mani/pedi combo.  I brought my sister and Mom in from California in the past and they loved this place too. Always look forward to coming in!
1	I went in to Excellent Nails for a fill. The lady asked the normal question of what colors I wanted and I said "pink and white and one finger with alternate color acrylic (instead of white)". I asked if they can do this and she said "yes" but looked annoyed. She then walked over and grabbed the acrylic colors and brought them to the desk. She asked me what color I wanted and I said, "I'm not picky just a fall color like orange, red, or brown, whichever you have". She started looking through the box of colors and I noticed she was getting even more annoyed (tossing the acrylic containers in the box). She then tossed down the colors and said to me that she does not know how to do fills and I need to come back later. I truly do not understand why she was rude to me. Maybe she was having a bad day but after this experience I will never go back to this place again.
5	Only go here when I'm in Vegas! Mai did my nails tonight and I'm very pleased as always. Always sweet and never feel hurried even when super busy. Great prices and always feel I paid a great price for a professional result.  Soooo happy to have found this place!
5	I thought the place was great. They did a good job. They were friendly, cute, and the shop was clean. The price is average for the area. What more could you want from a neighborhood nail shop?
4	Went here the other day for a mani/pedi. I ended up getting gels on my nails so it was a bit more expensive than the standard mani/pedi. The spa was clean and the woman doing my nails was nice, however I would like to try another technician the next time I go in because the foot/hand rub was just average, nothing to rave about.
5	Mai, the new owner, is a delight.  My gel nails last for a month and I get compliments up to the day I'm ready to go in and have Mai do her magic again.  Mai also does a great job sanding down my hooves, er feet.  I drive out of my way to come to this salon.
5	This place is wonderful. Everyone is so friendly...like family. Clean, great spa chairs, very refreshing and bright. The new owner, Mai, has been doing my nails for years. I have kept going wherever she went. Now she owns her own Salon and I am so happy for her. She and Tina are sweethearts. Love going there :)  I will always go there.
5	Fantastic nail shop. Clean and friendly.   Best in Las Vegas Ask for Mai.
2	This place is at a nice location, nothing special... The guy that did my mani/ pedi did a fast job and it was decent. They don't do designs/ airbrush or anything particularly advanced, it's pretty cheap as well... you get what you pay for. I wouldn't call it 'excellent'.
5	Greeted upon arrival by the friendly staff. Gotta admire great customer service that can make you laugh, so thanks to the guy who works there, you were hilarious. But most importantly, I'm always cautious when letting someone new work on my eyebrows, but she took her time and didn't rush the process. She asked if I like thick or thin eyebrows? Which was a key question, because if I walked out of there with just a thin line, I would of freaked! Haha so thanks, excellent nail and spa, I left happy with perfect eyebrows! I'll will be visiting again.
5	Just had the deluxe mani/pedi with Mai and it was AWESOME! I moved here from the S.F. Bay Area and I have been looking for a place that could give me a thorough treatment for my uber-dry skin. Well, I have now found the place. I now have found my new nail salon home here in Las Vegas.
3	I'm always on the look-out for a new nail salon, especially since I tend to be spontaneous when I need a pedicure, and the one I like the most is often booked, alllllll dayyyyy longgggg. I stopped by excellent nails and chose to get a gel pedicure. The gentleman that did it was nice enough and offered me key fobs full of already-painted colors to give me a more accurate idea of the color. I sat down and he gave me a menu for their different pedicure services. I chose the 2nd option which said gel pedicure starting at $40 for this option. I got my pedicure, they put a mask on my legs, exfoliated, and massaged them, and applied the polish. I think they're using some CHEAP polish here, because he had to apply the polish twice in many areas. No, not apply another coat twice. He literally put the top coat on, cleaned it with alcohol like he was all done, only to find many many places on my nails having come completely off... He repainted them, and I still found areas missing polish, but he said that my nail doesn't go the the edges of my nailbed. False. The polish shrank a ridiculous amount when he put it on my nails, or he didn't clean the lotion off entirely. Either way, I have access to my own gel machine which I use all the time and this has never happened to me when I use my own brands (OPI & CND). Also, when I was done, my bill was $55 for a standard gel pedicure. There was no glitter, ombre, anything fancy. Just a plain blue that had to be put on multiple mutiple times.... Overall, I won't be returning.
5	I loved it here! I just moved to the southwest side from green valley and have been trying to find a good salon since February. I went to "Polished" last week, made an appointment with a friend and was expecting the best because of how popular they seem to be. They have all the color selection but TERRIBLE customer service & prices were outrageous. Came in 7 min after our appointment time and they gave it away! Worst of it, the girls at the front were terribly rude. I was about ready to slap the snobbish blonde. I googled nails to find the nearest salon and "Excellent nails" was it! Lisa was perfection! Loved the atmosphere & vibe, wasn't over crowded & the whole staff was very polite. Will definitely be my new go to salon! :)
5	Mai is the greatest. I lost my nail lady when she decided to stop doing nails. I work at the salon next door so I decided to give it a chance. She is SO friendly and remembered me and always gets me in right when I need to. Great customer service, great work.
1	this is the worst nail salon EVER. I sat in their chit for over 45 minutes and it wasn't until I was putting my shoes back on and getting my shit together that anyone bothered to attend me. terrible customer service
