1	I must say I step foot in a wal mart  maybe 3 times a year I am not a big fan of the way they do not provide a med/dental plan for there employs which are not the most top notch help in a store not that i blame them ..............anyway I bought a floor fan from them 2 months ago and the other day it stoped working so i took it back to the locale i bought it and took it to the return dept this is a 38$ fan. the person asked if i had a recipt of course i did not save it but i said i have the credit card i used she informed me they cannot look it up that way thus the adventure begains she tried to look it up in a differant manner and said she would need the exact date and which terminal i was checked out in...............................I dont know i said i think it was one of these over there then 10 more min went by and then she said if I go get the upc then she could try to look it up that way so off i went to try to find the upc # another 10 min. she did actually find the transaction but said she could only give me a walmrt giftcard after 30 min i got my lousy 38 bucks back as i watch them give a little old lady greif about her return because the upc did'nt match her recipt and all she wanted was an x change these employs i am sure under the thumb of big brother but the act like it is there money. bottom line NO CUSTOMER SERVICE NEVER TO SHOP AT A WAL MART AGAIN all because of a 38$fan wal mart     WAKE UP
3	I know, I know...Wal-Mart sucks, but at least this one is the least suckiest! It's clean, in a nice area & most of  the customers look "normal". Unlike the Wal-Mart at Stapley/Baseline where they look like they've come straight from jail & the store looks vomit-inducing dirty. I like to peruse the home & craft sections for treasures. I found a 101 cookie-cutter set for $8!...Don't laugh! You know you get excited over goofy things too :D I like their silk plants as well, some look better & are priced better than Michael's. You can usually find some good items in the garden area as well.Now, you'll probably never get awesome customer service in any Wal-Mart, but that's to be expected. I realized a long time ago that waiting in line & sub-par customer service is a part of life & I'm not going to get my panties in a bunch about it...unless it's outrageous, then my inner ghetto girl comes out ( I call her Shaniqua).
1	so does anyone REALLY like the wal-marts?  half the time it is like a bomb goes off in one and no one to clean up on aisle 12!!  yes great prices, but man teh custoemr service stinks...but maybe you can't blame them for hiring people that don't care...because you get what you pay for right?  and walmart avoids paying waht they deserve...
1	Duh... what a wasteland of crappy products. Gift card forced me to pop by (in disguise).
1	The only time this Walmart is acceptable is if it's late at night. Other than that, it's full of nothing but welfare moms with screaming brats complaining about what they can and can't use their food stamps on. Don't bother. Go to Target instead; it's cleaner and not so ghetto. On the upshot, most of the cashiers are really nice; it's the class of people that make it crappy.
