3	I start with the saying, You get what you pay for.  These people are basically friendly but slow.  They are a bit disorganized and forgetful.  If you stay on top of them for information they will get back to you.  It may take several tries to get all of the information you are looking for but it can be done.  Processing and deposits are slow going as well.  Again, if you stay on top of them and contact them, you can get your business taken care of.  They could benefit from hiring a few more well organized helpers.
1	We used them for our property management and even talked to their references before we hired them. But they just take your money and do not deliver results. After having a property under their management for 3 months, they have not even completed the minor fixed up. They quote low and charge high. They might be affordable if you can wait forever for them to bring your property to the market.Do not believe their references. They do not response to phone call.
1	I've been renting a property under Affordable Property Management for the past month, and I can't say I'm very happy at all. "Affordable" and "Terrible" are pretty much synonymous when it comes to this company. They always seem to need several reminders for every little question or concern. If the office wasn't 30 minutes away from my place, they'd probably see me every day...and not for a friendly cup of tea. The head honcho's office is crazy unorganized, so it doesn't surprise me that he never remembers to return correspondence. The receptionist is nice enough, but it seems she's given way too much responsibility and often has no clue what she's talking about. The condo I'm renting is very nice, but I honestly wish I was paying rent to a much more professional, knowledgable, responsive and organized company every month. =+(
2	These people are nice no personal feelings but when comes to organization and email responses, they're not on top of things.  Personal opinions they need to find more employees who are good with details and quick.  Also and most of all the Account Payable which is now the owner makes lots of mistakes over and over and slow on replying or not at all to emails.  Tenants moved in last week of April 2013 and until today August 1, 2013, the AP still hasn't solved one little issue (sent unsigned check which should be electronic, short payment on my account same time and trying to pay the unsigned check by eletronic later....but still short cause he deducted management fee AGAIN for the same month June!)
1	horrible!!!! do not use them if you own a property!  i'm firing them today for many many reasons!
1	If you care about your investment property, then DO NOT have them manage it!I just fired them about a week ago.  I have finally had enough after seven years.They are rude, they don't respond to your questions and if they do they dance around it.  They charged me for monthly inspections and the report always came back ok on everything.  When the tenant was evicted and I went to see the place, WOW!  If they did an inspection  it should have been noted how filthy the carpet was.  None of that happened over night.  This is something that could have been addressed when the tenant was still there.I went through yelp to find my new property management and so far the have been great.  They respond right away and answer any and all questions that you may have.  Renton702 is the name.
1	APM is a complete joke!  Don't waste your time listing your investment property with them-I will let the countless horrible reviews speak for themselves and not waste my time writing all the garbage I want to write about them.
