4	Sold a car to them and they were very friendly and helpful.  The sales manager was actually a nice guy.  I will consider buying from here down the road.  Please consider buying American people!
5	I recently purchased a vehicle from Scott McCorkle's Liberty Buick GMC and was very satisfied with the customer service I received. The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable with helping me find the vehicle that best suited my needs. I would strongly recommend my friends and family to purchase a vehicle from them.
2	I have a love-hate relationship with this place.  Purchased a new car from them about 15 months ago.  Love the car, but I've had it in the shop 3 times since purchasing it for repairs (twice for the same issue).  The gentleman who sold the car to me was professional, knowledgeable, and not too pushy.  I'm not sure I can write the same about the other members of the sales & finance team - both the sales manager (tried selling me a car on the lot without the options I wanted instead of waiting a few days until the car I really wanted was available) and the gentleman trying to sell me an extended warranty.  I did not have good experiences with either of them.The service staff have all been great to me.  They took the time to explain to me what the issues were, how they were going to address them, the estimated time to repair, etc.....  basically managing my expectations start to finish.DO NOT HAVE THEM GIVE YOU AN OIL CHANGE OR TIRE ROTATION/BALANCE.   My car was in their service shop recently for a repair (under warranty) and when they called me to tell me the work had been completed, they pointed out that I was due for an oil change and a tire rotation.  Since I didn't want to make a second trip to another service station for the same work, I allowed them to complete this service (BUT I DIDN'T ASK ABOUT PRICE).  I picked my car up and had a $112 bill for tire rotation and balancing and an oil change.  Most firms specializing in oil changes can do the change from somewhere between $20 - $40 depending on the type of oil.  Tire rotations, in my experience, are free if you get your tires rotated at the same place you bought the tires.  In this case, I got my tires rotated at the same place I purchased an entire brand new car and got jacked on the rotation!  Be warned.
5	We drove from Cary (near Raleigh) to purchase our new Acadia from Liberty GMC. Although the local dealer in Cary was nice enough (and we will use them for service), they could not even come close to Liberty's deal on the vehicle we wanted, plus the selection of colors and Denali trim level Acadias at Liberty was much better. We got the color we really wanted at a great price. It really did boil down to price that got us to drive three hours to Charlotte to buy our new car, but Liberty exceeded our expectations on how professional and nice to deal with they were. Greg Mongelli was very helpful, knowledgeable, and great to deal with. I would buy a car from Liberty and Greg again in a heartbeat.
5	My Experience:As always, George Fisher came through. My big brother was in from Augusta, GA and his Tahoe shut down. A call to George and the roll back was here to pick it up - later revealing a warranty repair. Now he knows why our late Mother and I have relied on George for our auto service needs for so many years. Thanks George - great job!!! PS - Throw in at least an extra $50 for his outstanding service! Your faithful and forever customer!!
5	Rob in the service department has been so kind to me.  My husband recently passed away and I was at a loss of what to do and when the service was performed on the truck.  He got me in quick and out with the assurance that everything was good on the truck and nothing to worry about.  He is very kind, you can see it in his eyes and he's a realy company man who, I can tell, is proud to working a Liberty.  I have always gotten good and courteous service at this GMC dealer.
1	The people at this dealership will absolutely never stop hounding you once you make even the most casual contact (via email, website referral, etc.). A few months ago, I started my car search. One inquiry to this dealership resulted in several unsolicited phone calls every day, despite requests to stop. And emails all the time. They ignored my unsubscribe requests as well. After finally blocking them, or so I thought, I started to receive unsolicited text messages today. This is inexcusable and absolutely terrible businesses practices. Stay away!
5	My boyfriend took his car to one dealership 1st where they completely missed an issue with his car. Then we took the car to Liberty and within minutes the problem was diagnosed and they began work. I highly recommend Liberty for everything from an oil change to major repairs! They were fantastic!
3	I took the 2000 Buick Lesabre that needs a few minor repairs, they charge at $95.00 for disnosatic engine to find the errors. I thought the price is a bit high. So they found several problems with it as of course my mileage is 154,000 on that car. They are a bit overcharge for repairs and suggested me to find a newer car. I rejected their offers, and took the car home because I know there are minor repairs and runs great. I dont want another car payment. I took it somewhere else that can fix my car much cheaper and do it right. It is okay... but their prices are too high. About $1,000 worth of repairs that should be run around $300.00. The service salesman was not too helpful to keep the price lower.
