4	First time here. No drive thru. Tayler was very nice and took great care of me.
1	I deposited a check in bank of america atm before 8pm last night. The check was a little over $2200. It was written from a bank of america business account. They put a hold on the check for 1 week even though it was drawn on a bank of america account. They already debited the account it was written off of. They will not let my boss cancel the check yet they will not give me the money til the 4th. So why are they holding my money for 1 week. I put a check in last week and it cleared the next day. This makes no sense. I have started a srew bank of america facebook group that is growing by leaps and bounds. Take my advice & the hundreds of others in the group and dont use this bank. The worse part about it was the smug attitude of the manager. Join the fb group & let these bastards know that our business is a privledge and not a right!
1	The bank is terrible . . . I wish I could get my wife to change banks . . . good thing I only have to come here once every two weeks.First, typically there are only two teller working, with three people in the buisness line and six or eight people in the personal banking line . . . MORE tellers please.Second, why do we have three people greeting me and wanting to send me over to a personal banker . . . I just want to make a deposit . . . and NO . . . you screw up the ATM deposits so much, I NEED to make sure a real person takes the check and inputs the deposit into you computer system.AndThird, no drive through banking . . . are you nuts . . .
1	My money was stolen on multiple occasions right out of my account.  They replaced it but geez then it would happen again.  I had to quit using that acct all together.  I still get emails years later now that say you just logged into your account.  What?  WTF??  No I didnt.
1	Thieves. They want $6 per check even though the check is from a Bank of America account. Can't stand Bank of America. The dick everyone around.
1	The teller here refused to deposit my rather sizable amount of money over a minor technicality that all the other Bank of Americas I've been to don't care about. Really guys, what bank DOESN'T want to take your money?? This one does apparently! She was quite rude and didn't even blink when I mentioned that I have never had a problem depositing money at other B of As and didn't even care that I told her she could lose my business over this. So, I took my deposit to another B of A where the transaction went through with no problem and I received fast and friendly service with a smile.So, if you have to bank at B of A, avoid this location like the plague. Or ebola. Or a plague of ebola.
