5	Nothing like a Jimmy John's opening up within a reasonable drive from your house. When I moved to Scottsdale about a year ago, I would make the drive to North Scottsdale (8-10 miles) just for a delicious sandwich.Tonight, I had to feed the beast from within, and boy was he ragin'.I popped into this Jimmy John's after finding it on their Web site (this review is also me creating the Yelp listing!). The staff at this location is fast, friendly and everything that I have come to expect from Jimmy John's. My sandwich was done by the time I put the lid on my drink. Freaky fast!Another big plus about this particular location (vs. others) is the type of ice they use. The machine dispenses pelletized ice. The kind that keeps your drink cold and perfect.I almost always eat sandwiches. And when I do, Jimmy John's will always be one of my choices. Great work JJ!
4	I noticed that a new Jimmy John's had opened on Hayden in McCormick Ranch.  I am a sandwich fan, and had heard about Jimmy John's for several years, but had never been able to stop and try one. So since it was close, I decided to see why everybody was recommending them.  It wasn't busy when I arrived, so I was able to ask some questions, and take my time deciding what I wanted.  I ordered a Vito, which is essentially an 8" Italian sub.  I was impressed - not only was it fresh, but the bread was delicious.  The only thing that I was disappointed with was that it was not as filling as I expected. Now when I go, I order of the "Giant" side of the menu, and it is just right.Great sandwich shop, and one of my regular stops on my way home from golf.
4	Why did I wait so long to visit Jimmy John's?!  My memories of this chain are filled with lackluster sandwiches. Guess I was ordering the wrong thing.  I checked out the menu online so I could contemplate my choices without holding up the line.  My decision:  a turkey unwich. Oh, I was skeptical. I mean, how big can a lettuce wrap be?  Turns out Jimmy John's found the jackpot of humongous lettuce leaves.  The only disappointment was the minimal amount of turkey. Everything else was incredibly fresh and tasty.  The dijon had a nice kick to it and the peppers were DELICIOUS. The cherry on top was walking out and--gasp!--being THANKED for my business.  Thank you Jimmy John's, for adding a little brightness to my day.
1	Went here last Friday night around 6:00 PM. Food was great but employees were disgusting. Of course I expected teenagers to be working at a sub shop on a Friday night but these teens were a different breed. The kid taking our order yawned without covering his mouth while entering our order into the register, he looked like he hadn't showered in months, had erratic facial hair,  and sat on an open trash can while taking the order. All of the kids acted completely un interested in making sure we had what we needed. They gave us someone else's sandwich and I wouldn't be surprised if he wrapped it back up and gave it to the correct person after I had already opened it and touched it. As we left my dad (an older gentleman) decided to order a cookie, I headed out the door to wait outside. I watched as he paid and turned around to walk out the door. The kids pointed and laughed behind his back while mocking him as he walked away. It took everything inside of me not to walk back in and put them in their place. These kids need a lesson in respect.
1	********I Found Another JJ Location ....... That Sucks*******This one.......and the one located on Cactus......must be the same Franchisee.Carried out two sandwiches.......both were disgusting. (-) Want extra vinaigrette on the side ........ they don't have the small plastic cups. (-) a newborn Rabbit would STARVE on the amount of lettuce on the sandwiches.Subway on its worst day ........ beats this "Crap Franchisee".
1	Just ordered my sub and asked for my hot peppers on the side.  Was told they couldn't and the reason is "it's against company policy".  What?? They done me wrong and won't go back.
5	For a sub shop, great place.Delivery is freaky fast for sure.  I order delivery half the time.Pro's- fast delivery- quick service if ordering onsite- staff friendly- food is goodCon's- No WiFi.  Would like since AT&T service spotty near this building. Good spot.  Glad there is a location here.
5	This place is just wonderful!!  I'm not even much of a sandwich fan, but this Jimmy John's changed my perspective.  I wasn't sure what to order, but Erika was so helpful!!  She recommended one of her favorites, and I must say she has great judgement.  Great food, amazing customer service, and a great atmosphere.  Now I crave sandwiches from there. Thank you, Jimmy John's!  :)
4	Terrific bread, great tasting sandwich! Music was too loud to hold a conversation and the staff seem disinterested.
4	Jimmy John's is one of my favorite Sandwich joints.  I know it's a chain, but they make great Sandwiches and FAST!  This particular location is one where I go often for lunch.  Of course my favorite thing to get is the #9 Italian Club w/Hot Peppers ($5.50) and a bag of Salt & Vinegar Jimmy Chips ($.99).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jimmy-johns-gourmet-sandwiches-scottsdale-2?select=CpY2MC6Es0T_HrcZS-3jxA#CpY2MC6Es0T_HrcZS-3jxAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/jimmy-johns-gourmet-sandwiches-scottsdale-2?select=ifXZZVPDXK30O1qdMvPbqg#ifXZZVPDXK30O1qdMvPbqgReturn Factor - 100%
1	59 minute delivery!I thought this place was supposed to be freaky fast...I ordered a sandwich online at 1:01pm and it did not arrive until 2:00pm. Called 40 minutes in and the girl said they are always understaffed and overwhelmed. I don't even really like JJ's but I needed delivery on a busy day at work. NEVER AGAIN.Oh and the cucumbers were missing on my sandwich too.Fail.
4	Ok, this story has good, bad and ugly. First the bad: today was the second time in a row we ordered and it took over an hour to get our food (order confirmation came at 11:50am and still had no lunch by 1:15pm). Both times I called and asked where the order was and talked to people who are obviously not trained for phone service. It was a lot of "huh?", "um" and "hold on". Now the ugly: Today the manager, J., got on the phone and I was just plain hangry. I wasn't disrespectful but I did unload my frustration that this was the second time in a row we had problems with delivery, and I was about to leave my office for the day without lunch. He stayed professional the entire time. And the good: J. personally remade the entire order, comped it and delivered it himself within 15 minutes. He was totally sweet about it and made good. Typically when you hold someone accountable they get all crappy about it (especially if one of you is hangry), but he was great.Based on the other comments here on Yelp it seems like they have some consistent problems. Will have to try them one more time to see how it goes, willing to give them another chance after how it was resolved today.
3	Only thing I ever get here is the #17. The food is decent for what it is and the cookies rock.The bad part is that they have had my order wrong at least 3 times. They need to train before putting them on the line, sucks to get 6 miles back to work and have the wrong order.
1	I don't want to have to wait for over 40 minutes for delivery. I could walk to the store. Eat there. Then walk home in that time. It's a good thing I'm stuck at work and am forced to have to wait for a freaky slow delivery.
1	My first experience here at this location was lousy. Loud music, unfriendly employees and a bad sandwich (Italian). I went back a year later, last week - same location - SAME thing. I don't even think the bread is fresh. It's so loud in there with the music blaring that you can't hold a conversation. Employees are mostly teens who don't give a crap and the food is nothing special. Even the cookies were lousy. Not fresh baked or anything.
2	My lousy experience with this Jimmy John's started with an overcharge on my debit card. I ordered 1 sandwich and 1 bag of chips for a delivery. The delivery was fast and the food was good, so lets get that out there to be fair. I added an extra star because the food here has always been fine.I logged into my bank account like I normally do, and there was a $19 charge from Jimmy's. That's one expensive sandwich.I called three times. Spoke to "managers" 3 times. My information was taken, and all 3 times, my call was never returned.I went there in person; Once again, my information taken, no call returned. There was a general "I have no idea how to handle this, I'm going to call my boss/area manager" and then nothing.This is really poor customer service. My call should have been returned the first day-a courtesy "I am handling it, I will get your card refunded asap, apologies, etc. Over charging a customer is a big deal. I gave the tip in cash, so I know that I did not key in a wrong amount when I placed my order online.This was their mistake, and no effort was made on behalf of the management to help me.They've lost my business.
2	Really slow service at lunch time. Seemed completely confused, unprepared and understaffed for the volume of customers which didn't appear to be excessive considering the time of day. Get a second star for good food but the service is sub-par at best.
3	Honestly not a bad spot, but its not great either.I feel that this location is on par with other locations, probably a training ground if anything which would explain a few mistakes in my order but nothing to cry about.  Music is a little loud for me but the most important thing is the food which is just fine.
2	The food is delicious,  however I will drive out of my way to a different location based solely on the customer service here. The employee who took my order was rude and snooty, made me feel very unwelcome. It then took 3 other employees on the sandwich line over 5 minutes to prepare my small order.. so much for "freaky fast". While these employees were kinder and apologized for the wait, I still left feeling that this was one of the only times I've left a JJ's disappointed. I'd hate to see this place when it's actually busy,  as I was the only customer they were attending to at the time.
4	Good cheap, fast-ish sandwich - reviewed as a vegetarian.  The veggie stuff is pretty good here, the ingredients are nice, and although there aren't a ton of veggie options (one, basically), what they offer is solid.  If you like Jimmy John's, I've been here many, many times and the food is always consistent.That being said, this location loses a star because they're far slower than a few other locations I've visited.  When it's busy, they seem to move, but if the place is fairly empty (like 90% of my visits), they'll make your sandwich like they have all the time in the world.  That's cool - unless you write "Freaky Fast" all over your walls ;-)
1	Dear Jimmy Johns,Please learn how to take an order and deliver it properly to the person who requested it, then paid you and tipped you for it.  I have now ordered from you for delivery 3 times, and every time you have figured out a way to mess up the order.  Extra lettuce you ask?  That must mean you want no lettuce on your sandwich.  Right.....Furthermore, on a personal taste level, your mayo is too sweet and I am not a huge fan of having a marshmallow aftertaste on my palate in congruence with my roast beef.  Thank you for your lack of service.  That is all.
1	This place is a joke I ordered 2 sandwiches an hour later still no sandwiches I called back thy said thy were waiting for a driver my sandwiches were sitting on the counter for 45min. I canceled my order next time I'll call Jason's deli
1	Terrible terrible terrible. Delivery has taken over an hour the last three times we have ordered from them and we are not even 1/2 a mile away. On top of that our order is wrong every single time. One time they said they ran out of bread and it took the delivery driver over an hour to go down the street and get more (this according to their driver) The most recent time it was because "the manager chris is incompetent" according to their employees. Nice and dysfunctional. At the very least follow through on the company business model of "freaky fast deliveries" but they're not even able to get that right. This location is garbage, stay away.
