3	Decor is scary. The waitress treats everyone that way, I stop there regularly. . She will also correct you if you say you want sausage patties, "that's all we got". I do it almost  every time I'm there just to hear her say it.  Great potatoes, great breakfast.
3	It's fun. The food is really heavy and it serves an empty stomach just right. It's KUNTRY all the way. Kuntry krunk. I feel like such a yuppie/cappucino cowboy eating in here, but you always enjoy it!
4	Gritty is probably the best word to describe this place.  It's your real deal country restaurant.  You don't go for inventive menus or ingredients.  You go for the cowboy hat wearin' cook who just nods and smiles.   I enjoyed my pancake (which is more than enough for one person - they are big 'uns!).  It's a fun little morning adventure.
3	It's a great little joint.  Locals only.  Cash only.  Breakfast basics.  The place looks like a dump and the guy in the kitchen with the cowboy hat is ornery.  We go there in a pinch for the basic breakfast stuff.   It's cheaper than going to the grocery store, buying the stuff, cooking it and cleaning up afterwards - honestly.  One can't beat a $5-7 breakfast.  I would not tell visitors to Phoenix to drive up here for this.  It's just too far to drive for a bunch of nothing.
4	It seems like there's just about universal agreement the food at the Wagon Wheel is excellent, so I won't beat that drum. Let me address the concerns people have had about being an outsider.I've lived near Cave Creek for a long time and for some reason never stopped here. I always got the sense that it was really a spot for "real" Cave Creekers, not those of us who live just south of town in the area that has a Cave Creek address but is really in Phoenix. We are pretenders. However, I moved into Cave Creek proper just recently, right down the street from the Wagon Wheel, so figured I'd better check it out. After all, I'm one of the locals now, a "real"Creeker. I loved it. The place is the epitome of a "greasy spoon."The few people there (it was around 10am) were clearly locals and regulars who looked like they've been coming since the gold rush of the 1870's. Nobody looked at me funny when I walked in and I never felt out of place. Maybe they saw me pull up in my old pickup truck and figured I was OK.I was immediately greeted and told to sit anywhere I'd like. The place is small, but there are tables outside in an enclosed patio. Service was friendly and prompt, and my coffee cup was never empty.Would I drive any distance to eat here? Probably not. Would I make it a point to eat breakfast here if I was going to be visiting Cave Creek? Absolutely. Will I become a regular now that I live down the street? You bet. So don't be afraid to pull up in your Lexus, wearing your Tommy Bahama shirt, pressed linen shorts and Docksiders. You'll still be welcomed by all of us regulars!
4	What a great small town place for breakfast.  Our group came rumbling in on a Saturday morning needing seats for 12.  When we first walked up I was thought there was no way in hell we were going to be seated together.  To my surprise they had plenty of space in the back room for  us.  The servce was ok for our large group, and the food was outstanding.  Well, that is what I was told.  I didn't eat much because I was still recovering from the night before.  8)I can't wait to actually try it.
5	Don't usually give 5 stars, but in this case:* Excellent food* Excellent service* Great prices * Fun, rustic and unique adventure Highly Recommend!
4	Good little breakfast place.  Simple and rustic.
1	We went out looking for pancakes one Sunday morning my BF and I. We decided to give The Wagon Wheel in Cave Creek a try. Big mistake.Lets just say that if you like to eat at a clean establishment, this is not your place. If you like the sight of cockroaches inches away from where you're eating, this definitely your place. I'm embarrassed to say that I still tried their food; the pancakes where alright, but as soon as I felt a lump of unmixed batter, I spat it out immediately thinking the worst.
4	Great breakfast!  It is a true hole in the wall joint, but the food is exactly what we like. My husband loves chicken fried steak and bisquits and gravy. He loved his. The serivce was perfect. As we were leaving 2 people on horses came and hitched the horses to the post.. It reminds you we live in the old wild west.
5	We decided to visit the Cave Creek area and stumble upon this gem through Yelp of course! It's a hole-in-the-wall place (our favorite kind) and it has a heck of a sharp turn from the main road to get in and into the parking lot (imagine yourself making a u-turn but with only 100 feet to do it).  It looks like an older house that has been converted into a restaurant.  I'd love to find out the history of this location.  The feel is actually pretty southern when you walk in.  There is a fun patio, with only a hand full of tables, and with nice weather like this they will fill up fast!  We decided to sit inside to get a real feel for the restaurant.  Meghan was the best - if you go here - ask for her!  She greeted us warmly.  Patiently waited to take our order as we perused the menu options and checked in on us enough to be wonderful and not overwhelming.  I had the French Toast (2 slices) for just $3.50! He had the He Person breakfast, which was two enormous pancakes, 2 slices of bacon, 2 sausage patties and toast.  They were both delicious.  The french toast was made with Texas Toast and was sweet enough to satisfy a craving, but not overly so that it was too much after a few bites.  He had so much food he didn't make it but about half way through his pancakes and threw in the white towel.Yes, it's an old building.  Yes, it's a hole-in-the-wall that looks like it could use a new coat of paint, a better parking lot and a pressure washer.  BUT that would take all the unique aspects of this place away, and where is the fun in that??  If you want a chain restaurant, this isn't it and that's exactly why we loved it!Overall: A+  Good food. Friendly faces. Old charm.
4	If you get off the 101 and head North on Cave Creek, pay close attention or you'll miss this little restaurant on the side of the road.  If even if you see it, you may be tempted to drive by and not look back, but that would be a mistake.  The food inside is definitely worth the stop.They don't do anything fancy with the food.  They make standard breakfast fare, but do it very well.  I'm of the firm belief that fancy food isn't always better food, and I'll take this over a place that charges $20+ per person for breakfast any day.  The food was fresh and fast, and our waitress Megan was great.  Very helpful, excellent service, and willing to offer suggestions if you need them.I've noticed some of the other reviewed commenting that the place is dirty, but I think they don't know "dirty" from "old."  It's definitely rustic with old west decor.  They can seat large or small parties, and have a large dining area in the back of the restaurant.  Stop by and check them out, it's worth it.  Just be sure to watch out for the entrance...it's a steep slope!
4	Wagon Wheel is one of those places that you can get away with doing what your mother taught you not to do -- judge a book by its cover.  From the outside, it is a cozy (read as somewhat cramped in front, although I caught a glimpse of a back room that was not lit or being utilized) breakfast joint with a old small western town feel to it... and it does not pretend to be anything other that.  It's not the cleanest place you could go to for breakfast, but the portions are large, the prices are extremely reasonable, and the food is good!  I had the He-man combo that included two eggs (cooked to order), two sausage patties, two pieces of deliciously delicious bacon, and two pancakes.  All for around $8.  Every table had two types of hot sauce on it and the eggs were a bit bland before adding said hot sauce.  I substituted extra bacon for my sausage, but did try a bite of a fellow diner's sausage and it was slightly spicy better than it looked!  The bacon... oh, the bacon.  I just love bacon and this hit the spot.. so let's leave it at that.  The pancakes... as big as the plate they are served on and I can't say that I am convinced that anyone could actually eat two of these monsters!  I like my pancakes a little soggy from maple syrup and these babies just absorbed it all in like a sponge.  Nothing was spectacular, but I felt like I got my money's worth with all that food and this place just provides that small-town rustic charm!Megan, our server, did a good job with our group that was six people divided between two tables.  She actually handled every table in the restaurant (see again my earlier comment about this place being small).  She provided accurate service with a smile and that's likely why she is also mentioned in a couple other yelper reviews!My only knock on the place was the lack of cleanliness.  It wasn't apparent everywhere, but the tiny men's bathroom was kind of disgusting.  And the door didn't close all the way... which is fine since I only had to do the "number one"... but it would not have been if I had to do the "number two".
4	Geez, Mike D. TMI, TMI. But I guess it's good information for the X chromosome- but do guys really care how clean your bathroom is or how tightly the door closes???Okay, I digress. Well, Mike D. the Y- bathroom was just fine. Not fancy but clean.  And the door closes. Sorry folks for the banter before I write about the food and service. Our group was running Ragnar and we came in here looking for a warm and hearty breakfast. I think the state we were in, anything would have tasted out of this world. And it did!Service was friendly, helpful. The food came out fast. The price extremely reasonable. I love places like the Wagon Wheel where the moment you walk in, they treat you like an old friend regardless of how you look, dress, or smell. Not only do you get a great serving of food, you get a great serving of human decency as well. And that's worth any price and I'm sure that's one of many reasons why they have many regulars. It was my first and only time here but I reckon places like these has its regulars and loyal following since I know if I lived close by, this place would be my regular go to place for breakfast!
4	Yum. We shared green chili burger and fries and chicken fried steak and eggs. Plenty if food. Homemade unsweet tea. Service was a little slow but super friendly. My husband loved the gravy and said he's trying the biscuits and gravy next time. We sat outside and the breeze was so nice. Read the fun facts on the back if the menus.
4	The food was good, service was good, homemade tea tasted good. Honestly, we had no complaints about this restaurant. Would definitely recommend to anyone in the area.
5	Walked in with a group of 10 on a Sunday morning and we were seated immediately. We pretty much had one of everything on the breakfast menu and there was nothing but silence as everyone enjoyed there food. I had the pancakes and they were fluffy and light and you could taste that they were made from scratch and not a mix. My brother in-law had the biscuits and gravy and he loved them my mother in-law had the French toast and loved it as well.
4	I stopped in here for breakfast with a couple of out of town friends. We all got their 2 eggs, 2 sausage, 2 back and 2 pancake breakfast. It was massive and it was good. Something like $8 per plate. What this place lacks in atmosphere is more than made up for with its character and its food. It's cash only so be warned!
