2	I have mixed feelings about this Service Center.  Mostly because I only go here when it is necessary (usually when I've missed 3 delivery attempts).  This is WAY across town for me and you have to time it so that you don't get stuck in 485 rush hour traffic.I wish there was a more "central" location in Charlotte.  I would hate to live in the Huntersville or University Area and have to go down here to pick up a package.As far as the service goes, the people were pleasant.. I was in a bit of a rush since I decided to give up my lunch break to drive 30min down 85 to 77 to Westinghouse Blvd...  and yes, I work up in the University Area so it was about an hour round trip.There was an elderly lady that totally jumped the line in front of me and was on her cell phone trying to get the right zip code for Japan - OBNOXIOUS... totally tainted my trip, but at least I got to leave before her.  In the parking lot, I gave her a long "western movie" stare and drove off.  She was probably oblivious, but in my mind I made my point.
4	It's hard to give this place a decent rating, since, as John said, you never WANT to come here.  Why the heck does FedEx always come at 11 AM, anyways? I'd expect them to run after the majority of people are home from work and/or school.However, for the purpose of this review, I am forcing myself to consider only the people who actually work at this location, not the entire company.  Despite my ill will toward the company in general, the people who work here are pleasant and helpful.  The clerk who assisted me the last time went out of her way to help me, actually... so, if she's there, try to get in Pam's line!It would make sense if it were more centrally located, but selfishly speaking, it's a straight shot down 51 for me.
1	I'm sorry FedEx, but a monkey can track packages better than you guys.  I had a horrific time with a package sent to my mom's house while she was in the hospital.  The packaged required a signature, so on the 2nd failed delivery I called the 800 number listed on the door tag and the lady that answered helped me arrange a time to pick it up at the convenient Sardis Rd N. Location which is pretty close to my house.  She said someone will contact me (gave my cell phone number) when it arrives.  A couple hours later, some other lady calls me - practically shouting on the phone and said my package would be available at 10am on Tuesday.... mind you this phone call was received at 4pm ON TUESDAY.  So I asked if she meant Wednesday... and she said, yes.  I gave her the benefit of the doubt because of the Labor Day holiday throwing everything off a day.  I wish that was the end of my sad tale.Tuesday rolls around and I got to the FedEx on Sardis, late at night to make sure there was enough buffer time for it to get there.  Apparently the buffer time FedEx needed was another day since the package was no where to be found and the notes that were supposedly noted on the tracking tag were to keep attempting to deliver as if my phone call never happened the previous day.  Ok- things happen...  It will be ready on Wednesday... I just have to wait for a call.  Great.No call Wednesday.... just another door tag left with the "Final Attempt" box checked.  Thursday I took the initiative and called the 800 number again.  The funny thing is that I inputted the door tag number in the automated phone call and the machine said the package was still "on truck for delivery" and when I spoke to the operator, I got the same regurgitated message except the package was going to be at the Eagleton Downs operating center in Pineville for pickup!!!!  I was already super frustrated at this point, so I told the guy to hold the package there and I will drive and get it.  After a nice 40min drive from Matthews, I got out of my car thinking, "this is it... finally".  When the service rep checked my door tag, she said the package was not there..... I put my head down and took one deep breath to keep my head from exploding onto the walls....  I explained all the phone calls already and I drove across town for a package that someone assured me would be here.  She proceeded to get someone else in the back room to help her.As if the situation could not get any worse, she comes back a couple minutes later with a gentleman that was going to help her.  By then there was already a line forming for more package pickups... and when he asked her who the Door Tag belonged to, she waved her hand in the air in my direction and said, "The short guy over there"......... !!!*#***##!!!!!  OK - not only can you not track packages, but you are going insult me on top of it all.I just roll with it... because at this point I wanted to break out some sort of semi automatic weapon and go to town, but my judgement prevailed.  The supervisor was very nice and understanding - he probably saw the shock on my face after being called out as "the short man".  Anyways, the package was at Sardis and someone had failed to scan it in......... [insert expletive here]I drove all the way over to the other location (another 40min) and picked it up.  The worse ever FedEx package delivery I have ever had.  I would give ZERO stars if I had the opportunity to, and it will be a while before I decide to use FedEx for anything.
1	Fed -ex Charlotte is the absolute worst delivery system I have ever dealt with.  They  are just plain stupid. I moved into a new home two months ago and it is not on the map yet so I would expect a call the first time I got a delivery here.  I have gotten 10 deliveries from fed fed ex so far and they have to call for directions every single time. It is the dumb leading the dumber. They are not allowed to use gps and their systems are 20 years behind the times.  When I order something on line now if it can only be delivered by. Fed ex I do not order it . The really suck.....
3	It's about par for the course for shipping company's!! the staff has its good days and bad days but I honestly  don't mind going to this location. Only problem is that no one ever smiles lol! But all in all 3 stars!!
1	Fail. FedEx is the worst. Package was supposed to arrive on 12/23 (paid for expedited shipping) but we didn't receive it until 12/27. To make matters worse, we had to go pick it up! FedEx's tracking system said that the package was delivered on 12/23 but there was no indication that delivery was attempted. Next thing we know, there is a missed delivery door tag on 12/26 stating that it was the last attempt! WTF. This is strike 2 this year for FedEx. First they completely lost a package and now this... I'll be using other shipping couriers!
