4	I rented my car thru www.hotwire.com, it was simple ,no hassle and cheap- $12.24 a day, what a deal, plus all the other taxes and fees, but overall easy to pick up car and go... They now have all the car rental companies at one location(car rental center), all the car rental buses take you out there,and once you are in building you head to the rental car counter of your choice,and/or the one you have reservation with.. When I got there, was no lines, my transaction was done less than 8 mins and out the door to pick up my car and on the road in minutes.. Only thing there was another counter-office I had to go to , to pick up car(in the garage area), but luckily no one else was there, and he provided us a small bottle of water, that was refreshing, in the hot summer weather.We got escorted to the car and he has us look over the car and made sure, there was no problem, and had us signed off and off we went........to the Las Vegas Strip, that is another story................... later.
3	Must take shuttle to rental car buildingLocation has two counters (you go to first then second)Service is quick
3	Rented an economy car for 4 days and only paid $8/day. We didn't purchase car insurance since my fiance has it included in his auto policy so the total including taxes was $55. When we got there, we found out that we couldn't charge it to my fiance's card thus we had to use mine. I didn't have rental car insurance included on my auto insurance policy so being that I was going to be the primary driver and the rental was in my name, we had to purchase insurance from Enterprise. Now the total went up to $230. Boo. The person at the counter was trying to sell us to upgrade to a midsize but I declined. Good thing I did because the person in the garage gave us the upgrade for free. Boo to the guy at the counter. So in the end, we paid $8/day for a midsize car but paid $36/day for insurance.
1	Made my reservation online for $26 a day.  4 days.  Total with taxes was $160.  Took an upgrade for 10 bucks a day to a suburban. GREAT vehicle.  Got my bill, it was for $250!!!  Questioned it when I turned the car in and they blamed it on 37% taxes.  I'm late for a flight so I don't argue, I'll figure it out when I get home sweet home.  Well, I"m currently on hold with the airport location who transferred me 12 times!!!!!  Enterprise is associated with Alamo (see my review on them) so it all makes sense to me now.  It's not worth the hassle to save a few bucks, go with Hertz (I'm told, I'll let ya know)
2	I booked a 4 day rental of an intermediate size vehicle from Enterprise through Expedia.com.  The cost was stated to be $101.  Actual cost after all the extra little doo dads are tacked on was about $238.  The employees are friendly and professional, but they pressure you into taking additional insurance coverage by strongly stating that if you bring the car back with some little extra scratch from a parking lot somewhere, then they will immediately collect up front thefull  amount of your deductible and much more.  It's intimidating, but I supposed I could have said no.In any event, I won't rent another car from them.
5	Excellent service.  Quick and helpful. No treating you like crap when you don't buy insurance.  Lady at front counter was excellent. Best service I've ever had renting a car.
1	Horrible service.  Talked to the guy on the phone and had to tell him numerous times that we needed to be picked up but he kept cutting me off and did not listen.  Ended up taking the reservation as quickly as possible and then transferred my call to the wrong branch.  Had to call back and the woman who helped me this time was nice, but when I finally was put in touch with the right place, the guy wasn't sure if he'd have time to pick us up today and took my number and promised to call within a half an hour to let me know if he could.  He never called.  Horrible experience- do not use Enterprise in Vegas!
1	WARNING on  AUTO INSURANCE COVERAGE and other optionsOne thing you have to watch out is the auto insurance.  They are $16 to $20 a day at Enterprise.  Even if you told them you don't want it, they still circle it in the contract for you to sign.  Now they play a differt game of not circle anyplace and let you look at the fine print and hope that you would cycle the place where it says you want to buy insurance.We rented a car for 10 days.  We told the agent that we didn't want any coverage, including collision.  Usually they would cycle the box for us to initial.  Now Enterprise   may not do it. They are playing a different game. They let us look at the fine print and cycle yourselves.  I cycled the wrong box.  Thy agent knew that we did not want any coverage, but still entered it in the computer system.  It is unethical.  Enterprise push very hard on it because it is a money maker and I think the agent who sell them may get a commission.
