5	This Starbucks location just opened a couple weeks ago about 1 minute from my house but yesterday was the first time I actually made a trip by.  I used the drive thru and the person asked right away what they could get for me and repeated my order back to me to make sure it was right, which it was.  When I pulled up to the window the girl there was super friendly with a big smile which always puts me in a good mood.  My drink was ready right away and I was on my merry way.  I will definitely be making this Starbucks a part of my routine!
4	Pretty new location. This one is drive thru or walk up only. They have no inside seating but there are some shaded outdoor tables. Bathrooms are outside as well. Staff is super friendly and drive thru is very quick.
4	Great place to get a quick fix. Friendly staff and usually pretty fast.
5	I'm pretty much here every morning...even jumped a few curbs and did a few illegal things to get in the drive thru line. Yes, i have a green tea addiction..GUILTY.Always really quick here both in the drive thru and if you get out and walk up to the window you get fast service as well.TIP: if you need ur caffeine in the morning and you are usually in a rush you might want to give yourself 10 extra minutes and get here no later than 7:05am- after that traffic and feigns get crazy! trust me i know.
5	Fast , friendly and had a great sense of humor at the drive thru.
5	This was my first time at this location, and my experience definitely made sure it won't be the last. The person who took my order was very friendly, definitely a good thing on a Monday morning before caffeine. When I arrived at the window, my drink was ready, so I was in and out - with a perfectly blended frapp to boot! I would highly recommend this one :)
5	Always fast here! Love that I don't have to give myself 15-20 minutes extra anymore to get coffee at the Starbucks by my house because now I found this one by work and only spend 5-10 minutes here without having to worry about being late. Only thing is that the cars in line don't pay attention when the lines moves because it moves so fast. If they got off their phone and paid attention it would go ever faster!
4	Gotta love a hot cup of joe! This location is super convenient as it is on the way to work, had a drive thru, and has outdoor seating if you want to hang out for a bit. My only issue with this location is that the lines get long and the parking lot is tight to navigate. Otherwise, it's a solid location.
4	Because of this location's area, it's busy a majority of mornings as it is a drive-through/walk-up location. However. If you fancy a morning stroll or you're on your way somewhere and desire a pick-me-up, this is a good place to do so. They always provide prompt, friendly service, and their drinks comply with the already-appreciated Starbucks standards.
3	I ordered a tall decaf coffee with cream and one pump of sugar free hazelnut syrup. I'm headed to the Tempe festival of the arts and while on the road, I took a dip of my coffee expecting it to be hot. It was cold. Not even room temperature. I then called and spoke with Courtney who apologized and said they'd brew me a fresh cup of I came back. Well, I'm not going back because I was already almost to my destination. She said they would give me a free coffee next time and asked my name. I have it to her but I am not sure how the keep track of things like this so o am writing this review, just in case. Their coffee is expensive so is like my money's worth. Three stars because Courtney was so nice.
