4	Always good and close to UMC & Valley Hospital
4	We were in the area and decided to stop at this Starbucks.  The staff was super friendly and competent.  It may the stop so pleasant.Wireless, of course, allowed to me to download their new app without using my own data time.  Kudos to Starbucks for this freebie.
2	To me, a Starbucks is a Starbucks is a Starbucks. What distinguishes one location from another is the crowd and the staff. The crowd at this Starbucks always seems to be friendly and welcoming. I've visited multiple times and when I've needed to take a chair, or having a meeting with other folks, the other customers have been more than accommodating. The staff, on the other hand, is not so accommodating or welcoming. Granted, I've only come at the same time on the same day, so this is not a statement about all staff. This location seems relatively busy when I've been here, but not swamped. They've always seemed well staffed (at least 3 working). But, when I've made my orders the staff seems put out by my very easy request (grande house coffee). When I've visited, it has been 2 hours within closing. Approximately 45 minutes before closing, the staff starts to move in the outdoor furniture inside the store. I've worked coffee, I understand not wanting to stay late after the shop is closed. However, moving the loud furniture inside when people would still be using it almost an hour before close is not cool. Beyond this, the staff makes a point to let our group know every 10 minutes starting 30 minutes before close that the store will be closing. Again, not a problem, but when we've been here multiple weeks in a row, and you've worked every one of those times, you do not need to be rude as if we are completely unaware of the closing time. Normally, I am pretty pleased with customer service at Starbucks. This is one exception. My group was pretty tied to meeting here because of a location issue. Since that issue has been resolved we haven't been back. I am fine with that.
4	Went to this starbucks when I was in town for work (believe it or not!). Friendly customer service but they would take a long time to make my drink even if I was the only person in the barista. Oh Well, you can't get it all. or can you?
1	I recently moved from CA to LV.  I mean I'm a Starbucks addict.   This isn't my   favorite Starbucks.  The day and evening staff are sub par. Whether they are  aware of it or not, customers are ignored by the staff.  Either the staff have been here too long or were not properly trained at the get go. I will admit the morning staff are very friendly.  I miss my old Starbucks!
4	I only come here in the morning before i go into work.  I get my coffee fix every so often.  The ppl there are nice. It's just like any other starbucks
4	I prefer coming here for a nice break from my office. A nice walk with the breeze hitting my face is what I need. The best part is not waiting in line except during prime hours. Although finding parking is ridiculously difficult here.
4	I am fan of caffeine... well my body is and I willed myself off caffeine all together my body would definitely make sure I paid the price.I've used to come to this Starbucks daily when I worked in the area.. that was way back in 2004. I just revisited it this week and it is still just as busy as it used to. This is one of the larger Starbucks and there is ample parking. Because of its side the baristas are not walking all over each other and the drinks come out pretty quick. However there is no drive through at this Starbucks, which is fine by me. There is ample seating inside as well. I recommend the following drinks:Pumpkin Spice latte hot ask for an extra pump, it makes it sweeterHot White mocha with one pump raspberry.The salty caramel mocha go with a grande or tall size, the venti is too much for this drink.
5	I'm here everyday for my coffee and people watching. I think this is the best Starbucks for it. You get the tourists from downtown and the fancy people from the surrounding neighborhoods and the hotties in scrubs coming over from UMC. Rawr!!
2	Irritating beeping behind the line for at least 3 minutes while we waited 6 minutes to get our coffee
3	Not as fun as other starbucks, but the coffee is the same.
3	Starbucks. Your average cup o' joe for inflated prices. But necessary in dire times of need. I really like this location. It's right next to UMC. There are a lot of places to sit and hang out. The bathrooms are clean. Staff is super nice. They make your stuff right and are fairly quick. Lots of parking! This Starbucks is located in a grocery store parking lot next to a lot of other small businesses. Just be careful in the parking lot, lots of crazy drivers that go the wrong way.
4	Nice standard all around starbucks.  I like to get my hot chocolate here some mornings if its not too packed.  A couple of the girls and guys actually know what I want when I come in and it's already started for me-so kudos to them.Sometimes they are training in the morning,  which can slow things down... But overall a solid place to get some hot cocoa in the morning. The barista's are knowledgeable and very quick and concise. This particular location is always clean, Lots of seating indoor and outside, though I wish there were some big cushy seats like you find in other starbucks. There's always tons of free Wifi-types here doing homework or goofing off on their laptop. If your just committed a crime, and decide you immediately needed a coffee afterwards....you should probably avoid this Starbucks- Local police love to sit and have a brew with each other in between and during shifts here. lolCheers! -MikeB
5	The best part of waking up.... Wait a min wrong plug. Well, in this Starbucks you get want you order and promptly. This has been my go to place to start my day at the hospital and it has definitely one for the books people
4	This is the best Starbucks in town. It's near two hospitals and numerous medical offices, professional offices, and of course the really nice old-school neighborhoods nearby. The staff is super friendly and the service is top-notch. The one complaint I have is the narrow parking lot and the Las Vegas drivers who have a difficult time navigating it - of course that's not the fault of Starbucks.
1	Not the best.
4	This is the closest Starbucks to both of my jobs so I come here all the time. The baristas are friendly and fast even when there's a line or crowd in the mornings. I have never waited too long on my drink and it's always made correctly. The seating area is spacious and there are no shortage of outlets to plug in your laptop or other device. This is probably the location I've been to with the most seating and outlets which makes it a great place to hang out or conduct a casual business meeting. It's located in a busy Smith's parking lot with a lot of other restaurants and businesses, so the parking lot sucks. You may have to park further back if you come during the lunch hour.
2	I hate to give two stars to any place, but the staff are not courteous or nice. One server, Travis, is shockingly defensive and condescending if you tell him your drink isn't exactly what you ordered and you seem to wait in line forever as the staff talk among themselves. I also don't appreciate them mocking customers after they leave the register (rolling eyes and smirking after someone gives an order). I addressed management once or twice over the past few months, but after a while I just stopped going. The cool thing about Starbucks is there is always one up the road to go to and sure enough, I found one...:-)
2	Overall I rate Starbucks very highly so for me to write a below 5 or 4 star review there must be a problem.   I spend lots of money for coffee as this is my only "bad habit" as I like to say.  I know my coffee and I know my americanos.First, I ordered my standard grande americano.  I lifted the lid and it looked like drip coffee.  Americanos if done right need to have to what appears like a thin layer of coffee froth called crema. Its not only about the looks the crema shows that it was brewed right and the full flavor is in the cup.  I indicated very politely to the barista that it wasn't done right and it needed crema and that I wanted another made.  She had no clue what crema was and asked another barista/employee.  This time while she was not very rude but rude enough she said that" if I make another one it will come out just like that"!  I asked her if she knew what crema was and she looked at me as if I was some kind of a demanding crazy man.  She got back and got somebody else because supposedly I had created a BIG problem.  Now I am feeling uncomfortable.  I asked for my money back since I see an unwillingness to make another one.  The now even newer person perhaps a young on duty manager said that I was yelling while I was not.  I might have spoken louder than normal but it was warranted and I was by no means yelling.  I told her I am not yelling and she said yes you are! She is now making everything worse! At this point I had it.It seems that the cocky attitude that some people in the medical field have like doctors carry over to these employees of since  this Starbucks is located near UMC! WOW!I frequent Starbucks hundreds of time a year and like I said I know my americanos. The one near my home ALWAYS makes them right!  I called Starbucks 800# to complain and their store will hear it from their district manager.I even called back the store itself to let them know whom I had just called.  Granted the person that picked up the phone which might have been the manager was very apologetic and knowledgeable of crema but he didn't seem knowing what they do wrong while brewing these drinks either. No issue with him.  They need to figure out how to make americanos right and be more accomondating  to their costumers and not making one feel bad if all their asking is for a better drink!
4	Chi Tea... Yumm!First time at this location. The seating area could use a bit more attention. All of the garbage cans were full. Staff was very friendly and quick to get me my order.
4	Quick fast service with of course excellent coffee and associated products, lattes, food. Sometimes crowded (very) but that's because of close proximity to Smith's and 2 major hospitals and medical center. Help always friendly and FAST SERVICE! I love it!
2	Back after a few months and they still can't get these Americanos right .   How hard is it?
1	Updated:  they simply can't get their Americanos done right even with complaints and no I am not picky. .   After a few visits with no better results they get a one star review at best
1	If I could give this starbucks, - star, I would worst I have ever been too, not only do they mess up your order they have the worst customer service in vegas, I order a white chocolate mocha, this morning, the order was really screwed, so I made a trip back and explained the issue,  well they were rude,  I didn't get a new drink, I got my coffee refunded, and will chose  not go here from now on..If u have a choice of another starbucks I suggest going to that one, as you will be disappointed at this starbucks.
3	Aha!   They finally got one Americano right!  If again, they will get one more star if they keep it up
