4	(Jetta is, as far as we can tell, a real person, and not a character from a Douglas Adams novel. So to help her tell her story, we found one.)JETTAOn my way to the OYE after party at FEZ, my car started rumbling. At first it started shaking a little bit, but then when I got back onto the road it was like bouncing up in down in that "pothole every TWO FUCKING INCHES" way. I pulled over into a parking lot to see what was the matter.MARVIN THE PARANOID ANDROIDI would've known something was wrong the moment I sat in the car. I know lots of other things, too. Like how to fly a space ship, or how to make McDonald's secret sauce. I would run laps around you. You can't even operate your own vehicle. Some "dominant life form" you've turned out to be. I hate my life.JETTAI ended up pulling into the parking lot of the Department of Education building. My tire had come off of the wheel, and no attempt on my part to fix it was working. Thinking that maybe I had some serious damage to my axle or wheels, I called Tow 4 Less.MARVIN THE PARANOID ANDROIDI would've helped, but I was too busy thinking about killing myself. JETTAI bundled up in my Yelp hoodie and waited on the curb for about 45 minutes debating whether or not I'd be better of paying whatever the shop asked for or just getting a new car. I even considered calling up my father, who recently disowned me. It dawned on me that if maybe I spent more time listening to him screaming in my face and less time playing with makeup I wouldn't be in this mess.MARVIN THE PARANOID ANDROIDAt least you knew your father. JETTAYou're a robot, Marvin. You don't have a father.MARVIN THE PARANOID ANDROIDExactly. I never knew who built me. I didn't ask to be made: no one consulted me or considered my feelings in the matter. I don't think it even occurred to them that I might have feelings.JETTAI know you have feelings.MARVIN THE PARANOID ANDROIDAnd yet you don't care. How I despise you. Almost as much as I despise myself.JETTAAnyway, after a while of waiting, the Tow 4 Less people came. It was a nice husband and wife team. They shone some flashlights on my and revealed that I just had a flat tire that was coming off. Whew. Crisis averted.MARVIN THE PARANOID ANDROIDI could've told you that. But you wouldn't have listened. Such is the lot of a robot.JETTASo instead I asked them to drop it off at my house so I could put on a spare tire and get a replacement at Big O or Wal-mart. After I fixed up the polish I scuffed trying to fix it, of course.MARVIN THE PARANOID ANDROIDI've just solved the current economic crisis, predicted the election with a 5 vote margin of error, and composed three lullabies. But I still can't figure out why I don't have any friends.JETTACold, thirsty, and really peeved at myself for missing the after party, I arrived at home about an hour and a half later. My driver and his partner were really nice and took care of everything. I guess they sensed my panic. I really wish I had something less than a 20 to give them as a tip, but I gotta buy a new tire tomorrow and a halloween costume tomorrow, so instead I thought I'd give them a good mention on yelp and maybe give out their cards to anyone who would need them. Like the other people at the tire shop tomorrow.MARVIN THE PARANOID ANDROIDGo on. Ask me anything. No question you could ask me would occupy even the tiniest percentage of my brain.JETTAHow many pairs of chromosomes do hu-MARVIN THE PARANOID ANDROID23.JETTAFuck. Well, now I know I didn't get a perfect grade on the midterm.MARVIN THE PARANOID ANDROIDI would cry right now, if only I was programmed for it.JETTAListen to a lot of Cure. It helps.
5	This company is by far one of the best I've used. The driver arrived within a few minutes of my call made at 2:45 am. I was stranded after the front and rear driver's side tires were blown after I forced my car to the center dividing median to avoid a head on collision with a car approaching me as a result of the driver driving on the wrong side of the divided road. The towing driver's truck was spotless and he was professional and kind. I wasn't aware until later how reasonable their prices are. I will call this tow company first and highly recommended them.Share ReviewEditDelete
5	Stuck in the middle of nowhere with the serpentine belt hanging loosely in the exact way it was designed not to; an hour from home ... and its dark ... and its the weekend. Finding a tow truck is going to be a nightmare -- an expensive nightmare. I found Tow4Less on yelp. They were nice, they were less expensive than I was expecting and they were fast.
5	Awesome service - THANK YOU!  From Robin who hooked me up with numbers and did a she could to help cut our tow bill down, to Bob and Linda who brought us and my baby all the way to town from halfway to Sedona - you all have our business for life!
5	Bob and Linda are great! I would highly recommend them if you need a tow. Luckily they were pretty close and they showed up so fast and thank goodness, I was stranded on the side of the freeway and cars were flying by so fast it was scary. I will be calling them again to tow my car to the mechanic. I won't call anyone but them from now on and so should you! :)
1	I just hung up from one of the most disturbing customer service situations I've ever been in. After being kept on hold for what felt like forever -- in 105 degree heat! -- my call was answered by a woman who seemed disinterested in helping me from the second she picked up.After hurrying me through the phone call and peppering me with questions, she asked for an exact street address (even after asking for the the main cross streets), which I had to look up for her. While still on the phone - she turned away from the receiver and said -- to someone I can only imagine was a coworker -- "I wish these people that called us were prepared." Well receptionist lady, I wish - that I wasn't left on hold in 105 degree heat. I wish - that my clutch didn't blow out.  I wish - that I didn't have to spend 10 minutes on the phone with someone like you. I wish - that you had a little more patience for me to fish out the business card of my shop just like I had while I was waiting for you just to take me off hold. I wish - that I don't have to use your services... oh wait that wish came true. Before I called Tow 4 Less I called 4 other tow companies who actually respected my time and had reasonable rates.My suggestion is to shop around, there are other tow companies out there.
5	Today turned into a great night. Regardless of the fact that the car battery died. We got a awesome driver named "Sel". If I was working there and had the power to, id give him a raise. He was the nicest soul we have ever crossed paths with. Thank you Tow4less! will let all my friends know about this company. Hopefully nothing happens where ill need towing again...but if it does ill make sure to call this company.
