5	Dan did a wonderful job tinting my car windows! Fast and they look perfect. He's very honest and also charges a reasonable price
5	great job
5	I would recommend him to anyone. Be rest assured, he did a great job on my Civic. I was more than grateful for the tinting job that was done on my car. If you want someone that is down to earth, then Dan is the man!
5	Dan did a really great job! I would recommend him to anyone! Very nice and flexible with my schedule.
5	Dan did an amazing job with my car! I was looking for a place to get my car windows tinted for months. Luckily I came across Dan!! Prices are great and Dan was super professional and nice. I highly recommend him. Plus he has adorable pets  :)
5	I have had Dan do two of my cars now.  Dan does EXCELLENT work is very affordable and was accomodating with my schedule.  I would recommend him to anyone.  There is no one better!
5	Dan did an amazing job tinting my daughters windows as a surprise for her graduation, he was able to schedule with us immediately and finished in an extraordinary timely manner. He was very friendly and professional. I would HIGHLY recommend him for any tinting needs! We were very impressed! On a side note, he has an adorable huge friendly dog named Charlie!
5	Had a great time chatting with Dan a few weekends ago.  He was able to carry-out an amazing tint job on a last minute's notice.  Very friendly and intelligent person with an insane work ethic.  He noticed one dog hair in the back window after he tinted it and re-did the entire window..even after I told him that it was barely noticeable and I really didn't care.  Just goes to show you that there are still people left in this world who care about their craft.  Even with the back window redo he finished up promptly.  Finally, he was the least expensive out of the 5 or 6 places that I called.  If you go, ask to see his Mastiff.  He is unreal!
5	I saw the reviews on Yelp regarding Dan's Window Tint so I decided to use his service since I just moved to Phoenix from Cali a few months ago  I called him and was able to get in at a time that worked for me.  He did all my window in less then an hour and did a exellent job.  Also, his prices are way more then fair.  On top of all that he is a very personable guy and easy to communicate with.  I would recommend to anyone that comes my way regarding tint and I will definatley be using him for my future vehicles.
5	Nice guy, good conversation while I waited.  Very professional and exceptional job. I've had the window tinting now for about 3 weeks and my wife, who is a perfectionist, cannot even find a flaw.  That is big win my friends!He has 20 years+ of experience doing tinting and his prices are really great, he saves on costs by doing the work from his home garage and he passes it on to us.  I wish Dan all the success and a flourishing business for many years.  Summer is here, do not wait, Best window tinting in Phoenix!
5	I just had my windows tinted by Dan and loved his work. He is trustworthy, timely and made my car look great. I highly recommend him!
5	When it comes to window tinting Dan is simply the best. He uses high quality film unlike other tint companies. Even if he's not close to your home or office, he's worth the trip to get it done right at a competitive price. I've been a car broker for over 20 years and he's my tint guy. Thanks Dan !
5	Dan tinted my windows about four months ago but I wanted to wait to see how the tint held up before posting a review. I couldn't be happier. The tint still looks like it came from the factory, even though the car sits outside, uncovered, 24/7. Communication with Dan was great when setting up the appointment and he even called me the day of to let me know I could come earlier if I wanted. He finished the job in less time than he said it would take. His work was thorough and neat.Dan works out of his house, but it's close enough to shopping and food so you can walk somewhere to kill time while you're waiting.I highly recommend Dan and will definitely use him the next time I need some tinting done.
5	Dan is cool as hell. Sat in his garage and shot the ish with him while he tinted my car. Took about 90 mins. He's a pro! Great price and it looks great.
5	Dan is awesome!  He tinted my Panamera and did a great job. Affordable and great work!
5	Went to Dan based on the other review and Dan is great.  Very professional, very nice, and very fair.  I would have him do all my other cars for sure.
5	Dan was a pleasure to work with. Whenever you take your car in for any service, all you want is someone professional and honest. Dan knocked it out of the park in both categories. I wanted a tint for my wife's SUV and since it is my wife's car, I was wanting the highest quality and most expensive tint. Dan showed me my options and recommended a high quality tint, but didn't recommend the most expensive because it wasn't worth the extra money. He showed me the differences and allowed me to make a decision based on his recommendations and 30 years of experience. Dan sacrificed a higher profit margin for the happiness of his customer and I am thrilled with the tint job.  I will be taking all my cars to Dan in the future and would recommend everyone else to do the same.
5	Good experience! Dan was friendly and professional and the price was good. Work was down very well and quickly.
5	Dan did an amazing job tinting my 2014 Civic. It looks much better and has kept the car cooler. If you are reading this and can't decide where to take your vehicle to get tinted look no further as your decision has just been made!Dan knows what he is doing. You start off the process by choosing from various shades of tint and go from there. I had no idea which I wanted and trusted his judgement. Never have I seen someone cut so accurately with an razor blade. Each window is custom cut by Dan all by hand so you know that it will fit your vehicle perfectly. Throughout the entire process Dan was friendly and easy to have a conversation with. He received priceless advice years ago when starting his business to "spend less than you make". Truly that man was a visionary when it came to running a business.All in all Dan did a great job and was fun to talk to. If you are in the market to get your windows tinted this is the place to go. I would be genuinely surprised if better service was found anywhere else. Yelp and word of mouth are Dan's main advertising so if you are reading this and choose Dan for your job make sure you write a review here and spread the word.Very impressed with the quality and workmanship and would highly recommend giving Dan a call.*If you love dogs ask to see Charlie. He is an up and coming Phoenix celebrity.
5	Amazing work, nice guy, quick service and an air conditioned garage while you wait. I highly recommend Dan.
5	Dan tinted the windows on my F150 today. Looks great and super nice guy. Would highly recommend.
5	Dan has tinted at least a dozen cars for me and more for friends and family over the last nearly 15 years I have known him.  The work is always first rate, and I've never had to return for an issue, even after it's endured several years of the Arizona sun.Today, he's tinting my daughter's first car.  I wouldn't have her go to anyone else.
5	Dan did a great job on two cars my 2011 jeep wrangler and my daughters 2011 Chevy cruze. Did them both on the same day and on short notice. The stars on this review and the others posted are well deserved! Need window tint? Gotta get it done by Dan!!
5	Don't go anywhere else. My BMW has been expertly tinted for a very reasonable price, and I got to chat with a very nice guy while it was being done. The first look might make you hesitate- he works out of his garage- but the service, price, and results are 10/10.
5	This is a slightly different kind of review since he couldn't help me. I called with a strange request to have two motorcycle visors tinted (discontinued helmet and I can't find any tinted visors) and he was very generous with his time even though he knew he wasn't going to make a dime. The reality, and this is consistent with everything that I found on the interwebs, is that it won't last even if it could be done. I have you bookmarked Dan and I'll be seeing you someday with my next car to be tinted.  Thanks for your help!
5	Can't say enough good things about Dan. Did a great job on my 2011 Cruze, friendly and at a more affordable price than I had found at other places. Will definitely be a return customer in the future.
5	Dan did an absolutely amazing job on my cadillac! Fast and priced fairly! When it looked like he was finished with my car, he insisted on redoing the back windows because he wasn't happy with the way they turned out even though I thought it looked perfect! I'll definitely be using Dan again in the future and I'm recommending him to everyone!
5	Dan tinted my windows on my 4Runner last week and I couldn't be any happier with his work.  He was responsive to my voicemail and was able to fit me into his schedule.  His work was top notch.
5	Found Dan through yelp. Recently moved to the area from western NY and needed some tint done asap. I called and dan answered immediately as was very helpful. He was able to get me in the same day. He took his time and made sure i was completely happy with the job before i left. This included re doing two windows because they were perfect the first time. I am very particular about my car and he did an amazing job. I would recommend him to anyone. He was also one of the cheapest around that uses high quality tint. Guarantees his work.  Use him for your car or residential installation, you wont regret it
5	I called Dan to see when I can get my car tinted and was able to get me in the following day. Excellent craftsmanship, with a reasonable price! Got it done a little over an hour which was great! I'll definitely tell my friends and family to go to Dan with any window tinting in the future. It was nice meeting you Dan! Keep up the great work.P.S. GO HAWKS!
5	If your picky and looking for a great job on tint, I would definitely recommend Dan. 20 years experience and knows his stuff. He uses quality tint (I investigate brands as I have done Clear bra myself and had Ceramic tint in the past!)He does the work himself, not some part timer out in a parking lot!Glad I was able to get a car where the dealer had not already put on tint so I can get what I wanted and glad I discovered Dan's.
5	Dan was awesome, fast, and friendly.  The tint on my car looks amazing, plus the price was lower than any other quote I had.  Highly recommend this service.  Thanks again, Dan!
5	Dan is the best!  He is professional, courteous, honest and reliable!  He arrived at my home for our home tint, on time, and with samples.  He discussed my options and pricing!  We love the follow up call and his overall customer service.  You will not go wrong by choosing Dan.I have recommended him to friends and family already!  Our new truck is on order and guess who is tinting our new truck?  Dan!  Thank you Dan!
5	I had Dan tint my husband's car as a surprise for him when he was out of town.  Dan did a great job and it looks great.! I thought his prices were reasonable and he was meticulous with his work.  He helped me choose a good darkness level for the windows.  Would definitely use him again.
5	My partner had just purchased a new Ram 1500 truck that already had tint inside the window from the factory.  Dan had no problem putting tint on all the windows, and it turned out GREAT! It was nice and dark, but still legal and he took the time to explain that his tint is different than a lot of tints being used today.  He wasn't pushy, he let her decide which kind she wanted and was done with it the same day.  I had read the reviews before I made an appointment for her, and was NOT disappointed in the results.  I waited to write a review because the tint hadn't settled yet until a few days later (which he told her it would do) but I was a pessimist and waited several months before writing this.  Everything turned out great and I would recommend him to my family and friends.  Thanks for taking care of Rachel, Dan!!
5	Dan tinted several of the very large windows and french doors of my home in North Scottsdale.  I had three massive windows about 18 feet above the floor, for which Dan invested in a large scaffold to do my project.  Previous reviews described Dan's auto tinting, but every homeowner in Arizona who has not yet tinted their home windows should call Dan.  It was a great decision to have the tinting done.  It reduced the glare and the heat a great deal and made my interior spaces so much more comfortable!  Dan is a kind, polite, honest man who you will enjoy having in your home.  His work is perfection, and he helped me figure out and fix something that was wrong with my window sliding track, and lifted a huge heavy window back into place for me just as a favor.  Call Dan to do your home windows...you will love him and his work.
5	Looking for a great tint? Dan is perfect to help! I've never needed a car tinted (all prior cars were purchased already tinted) until bought my wife's Infiniti. Dan was helpful with his suggestions and advised what would look best on the car without trying to oversell. I left it with him entrusting his knowledge and the car came out fantastic! He advised on how to car for it and said he would be available for any questions that I had with the tint. Dan did fantastic work and I am happy to recommend his work to close personal friends and Yelpers alike!
5	After leaving messages for two other window tinting companies, and in the case of Co #1 never showing up for a scheduled estimate, and Co #2 never returning a vm- Dan was an absolute pleasure to deal with.  He came over right away and gave me a very fair estimate.  He did the job within two days, showing up on time and finishing the job right when he said he would. The tint looks great, he was super professional and I would use him again.   Highly recommend
5	So I just relocated from NYC to Phoenix for work, which is a HUGE change for me. I have an Acura TL and wanted to tint the windows but didn't know where to go. After reading the reviews on Yelp, I decided to go with Dan, and I'm so glad I did! Not only did he do a great job, but he's also a super nice guy! He made me feel really comfortable with the process and we had a great conversation as he tinted the windows. He's an awesome guy. He helped me select the perfect tint for the windows and his prices are super reasonable. I'm even going to recommend my colleagues to have their windows tinted by him! Bottom line: if you need your windows tinted and you want someone reliable, honest, friendly and affordable, Dan's your guy!
