3	This popped up on my radar of Middle Eastern food, and, since I was in the mood today, I made a trip down to the area to run my errands. Like most Middle Eastern eateries here in Charlotte, the owners/cooks made sure that the fare is as "American-friendly" as possible.  What do I mean by this?  Well, glad you asked!  Turkish food, like other Middle Eastern (and to an extent Mediterranean food as well) has its own unique, historic, culture-saturated taste that is very difficult to deal with or enjoy if you're not accustomed to it.  The spices are so different than what is generally used in American, or even western European, dishes.  That being said, Carolina Kebap kept true to their Turkish ways and added their own twists to menu and food.  I ordered the lamb kebap (or kebab, kebob, etc depending on where you hail from in the mid-east!) and it didn't disappoint.  The fixin's were good as well; grilled tomato and pepper, small salad, pita bread, and rice that was a blend of basmati and pilaf (interesting and delicious!).  What I like the most about the plate was the yogurt dressing they served with the meal.  It's similar to a tzatziki sauce in Greek gyros with a twist; it has hints of mint and garlic in addition to the mellow cucumber normally found in tzatziki.  I did feel that the portion size was a little on the "small" side, but I did go for lunch, so it wasn't that big of a distraction.The restaurant itself was pleasant, if a bit small.  The atmosphere was inviting and clean, with hints of "restaurants-of-Christmas-past" in the front area (I overheard another patron talking about the last 2 restaurants that occupied the same location!).  The servers were pleasant and helpful.  To top it all off, they played authentic Turkish music to drive home the feel!  Overall, a good experience.  I'll visit again when in the area, and try some other stuff they have to offer.Noosh!
5	Heavenly visit today.  My last visit of the previous restaurant it was more like a deli set up and I remembered that it was fine, but I never returned. So I noticed that the name had changed to Carolina Kebap. Hmmmm, maybe I should give it a go. Fast forward to today.....I decided falafel was the way to go today. I ordered a Mezze plate, choice of four appetizers on the list.  I ordered tabouli, hummus, hot tomato dip and baba gahnoush and a side of 3 falafel. Oink, oink. Even the waiter warned me that it was alot of food.  I thought that was nice of him to warn me.  Yay!  Everything was fresh.  The tabouli was perfect, I ate what I wanted then wrapped up the rest for the boy. I had to order a side of tabouli  to go because it was so yummy. I wanted B to enjoy the tabouli as much as I did.I spent $22 today at lunch, that seems a little steep, but I will order the same thing again and happily hand him $22 more dollars.  There were plenty of other items to choose from, a great place for veg heads and a meat and greet.My waiter was very nice and willing to answer questions.  I might have to say this is my favorite middle eastern restaurant in Charlotte. There I said it.
5	Best falafel and stuffed grape leaves in Charlotte!  I don't visit as much as I used to because their prices have increased quite a bit the past 4 years, but when I'm really craving good falafel or grape leaves, this is where I'll be.I prefer Cedarland Deli & Grocery for the Shawarma Baladi Sandwich and Turkish Coffee.  And because of Cedarland's cheaper prices, I usually settle for their okay falafel, especially if I don't feel like driving across town or if it's after 8pm.
5	All I have to say is thank god for Carolina Kebap. In an overrated city, with corporate herd chains, and fast food on every block and corner, Carolina Kebap is like Kaopectate to my stomach. What a delicious place to eat. All of the food is real and is made to order. When I was tortured living here in Charlotte, Carolina Kebap was my highlight of the week on Saturday afternoon. The homemade potato salad is full of flavor along with the Chicken Kebap, served with salad and butter rice. The ownership is wonderful and I always feel very comfortable eating here. As I have stated to the owners in the past, and Yelp.com as well, Carolina Kebap is the only restaurant worth going to in the City of Charlotte, or anything around Charlotte for that matter. Thank you Carolina Kebap, I will miss you!
