5	I really like this place...A quick visit to the website will describe a lot about this place and the passion/vision of the restaurant and its owners. This is very fresh, very authentic, very delicious Thai food. The restaurant is clearly in its very early opening stages. What is refreshing about the experience is that they are open and transparent about the fact and they will take the time to address the obvious kinks and give you the exact date for their resolution. Their (currently) limited menu is sure to point out that it's a temporary menu being offered only until their Grand Opening which is yet TBD. The ambiance was relaxing yet lively and vivacious. I was there for lunch and groups of people seemed to be enjoying themselves immensely and highly complimentary. I was immediately impressed by the menu; it seems as if someone identified all the best Thai dishes around the city and put them on one menu. I had the shrimp Pad Thai (which i believe should be the starting point and litmus test for any new Thai food experience), the shrimp were perfectly cooked, fresh and incredibly seasoned. The garnishing of incredibly fresh and crunchy bean sprouts along with the light dust of Thai seasoning added excellent texture and depth to the dish. The incredibly fresh green onion slivers added beautiful color and a sharpness that complimented the sweetness and spiciness of the dish perfectly. In all i found both the experience and the food to be fantastic; this notion was only exacerbated by the cordial and personal interaction of the manger (which btw is the tried and true key to long-term success on Murray Ave.) and the resourceful and friendly wait staff. For those looking for a great new place to try and fantastic, authentic Thai food, Curry on Murray is a must try!
5	The best Thai food in Squirrel Hill, in my opinion! We had fresh rolls with tofu (with delicious peanut sauce for dipping), and I got the Pad See Ew with chicken, which was delicious. I ate almost all of the very generous portion! My friends ordered various curries, which were also great. I tasted the pumpkin curry, which was awesome! I've seen that on a lot of Thai menus, but never tasted it before-- it was great! For dessert we had mango sticky rice, which was just perfect. I am a huge mango fan, and the combination of the perfectly ripe mango with the sweet rice was just.... yummmm.The service was also fantastic! Our waitress was friendly and efficient, and the owners are very friendly as well. You can tell it's a family business, in the best way possible. Currently they are in a pre- grand opening phase, so they are only accepting cash and have a somewhat limited menu. However, we were told that the grand opening will be July 12th, and by then they will have expanded the menu and will take credit cards.Also, with any luck they will have live music on grand opening day, so it should be a really nice event! I know I'll be back then. :)
4	Curry on Murray is a brand new restaurant that just had its grand opening on July 12, 2012.  They now take credit cards.  The food is quite good, but when there on July 14 we had to wait for an hour before our food arrived.  When I asked why it had taken so long I was told it was because the kitchen was backed up because they had never had a full house before.  The live music was quite nice and was a relief from the canned crap that most restaurants blast at you these days.  Even when the entertainers wrapped up and left, the canned music at Curry on Murray was pleasant.  I hope that once they have been open for a while the kitchen will be able to prepare food with a much shorter wait.  During our first visit there before the grand opening when there were only a few occupied tables the service was much faster and the food was excellent.  When full the restaurant is a bit noisy because the walls and floors are all hard surface.
4	First off, the food is absolutely delicious. I've had three different curries down there and all have sported an array of spices that pleased my tongue and palate. The waitresses are friendly and the seats are comfortable. The prices are good for dinner and alright for lunch (I've always been a believer in keeping lunk around $5 and with a drink, it averages closer to $10 before tip).There is a great variety in a small number of seemingly similar curries available for lunch. Fair warning, there's some degree of variation from day to do too. As I understand it, the cooks constantly experiments to make the dishes better. So far, everything has been delicious, but it's not always consistent. Speed of service can also be a minor issue. Each dish is cooked individually, which means that a half hour lunch is not feasible, as it takes around 20 minutes from the time of ordering to when you get your food.In terms of aesthetics, the room is laid out nicely. The atmosphere tends to be fairly quiet, such that you don't have to shout when conversing with friends. The photographs up on the wall are absolutely first-rate, with the owner obviously having spared no expense on securing excellent museum-quality glass to prevent glare. The layout has some minor issues, such as a corner with a sharp edge about kidney-height for someone sliding into place, but it's their first weekend, so there's still time for them to even things out.Ultimately, a very nice place and a welcome addition to the food choices on Murray Avenue.
2	Full disclosure: We ordered take out, so I can't evaluate the eat in dining experience.Hearing all the fantastic things about this place, we had to try it since we live nearby. Sadly, the food here was passable, but only just. We sampled a selection of appetizers and one of their entrees for lunch.The "Fresh Roll", was had a nice refreshing feel to it, but sorely lacked in flavor. It was very bland, something I would have expected the accompanying peanut dipping sauce to remedy, sadly it too was dull, and did little to compliment the roll. The "Crab Rangoon" was the highlight of the meal, we ordered a side of the sweet and sour sauce to dip in, which I would highly recommend doing. The "Fried Marinated Pork Strips" were very salty. I have been accused of putting salt on my salt and even I thought this was a bit much. The provided Jaew sauce only exacerbated the problem. The "Chicken Curry Puff" was a little dry, and at three pieces for nearly six dollars certainly not a very good value. Finally the Pad Thai, our entree, was a disappointing finish to the meal. Somehow it was at the same time bland and spicy. No flavor, only heat - like noodles in a bad hot sauce. A shame. I was excited to have a Thai place near the house.
2	I was so hoping that this was going to be my new walking distance thai restaurant, but I was wrong. Decided to order some appetizers and an entree to share with my husband for lunch.  The fresh rolls were pretty disappointing.  I didn't like the chemically smell that they gave off and the accompanying sauce tasted too much like melted peanut butter with no acidity to cut through the richness. The crab rangoon was delicious and not oily and the accompanying sweet and sour sauce (I don't know if it comes with them or not I requested it) was very well balanced.The fried marinated pork strips were very salty and the Jaew sauce was also salty which just overpowered everything. The chicken curry puffs were also delicious but it was also a very small portion for the price 2 dollars per puff seemed a bit steep. The pad thai was probably the biggest disappointment.  We did ask for it extra spicy and it was, but there was no accompanying tangy peanut sauce that I am used to on the pad thai.  They also did not put in the extra lime I requested. Overall I might give them a try again after they have time to get used to the flow, but with so many other great thai restaurants I won't be rushing back.
5	I'm making my way down the curry menu and I haven't found a bad one yet!!
4	I find the food here is good.  The curries are all very tasty the pad thai is also good i had the pad sew ew it was not very good very spicy with little taste.  However i would eat the curries again and the service was great plus the have live music on the weekends to make it a very enjoyable fun place to eat.
4	The green curry here is my favorite dish here for which I always request steamed tofu.  The spiciest level is perfect for the dish and the curry has been consistent each time I have tried it.  The prices for lunch are cheap and almost double for dinner although it is still reasonable.  This restaurant is a staple of mine while I'm in squirrel hill, although thai places abound in the area.
3	Thin coconut / tom kha soup. Chicken pad thai was good but i had to add more hot pepper flakes after i requested it be very spicy. Overall, mid-grade Thai food.
2	Another fairly mediocre restaurant on Murray. I went there two weeks ago around 8pm during the week. It was empty, which is not very pleasant. (On the other hand, it seems fuller on Friday and Saturday).We had a curry and a pasta dish. The food was not very tasty, and, while it is not very expensive, it was not worth the price we paid for. Unimaginative thai food (which is too often the case in the US).I probably won't be back.
4	I was, at first, skeptical about Squirrel Hill getting yet another Thai restaurant, but Curry on Murray manages to differentiate itself from the other great nearby offerings.  The style of curries is a little different, and the appetizer selection adds an extra dimension.  Everything was well-executed and tasted good.  I found myself particularly impressed by the presentation of the dishes.  Artfully arranged and brightly colored, it was the visuals as much as anything that made me excited to dig in (and perhaps broke the tie between 3 and 4 stars).  A friendly staff, pleasant even when dealing with some very rude customers two tables over, rounded out the experience and made Curry on Murray worth revisiting.
4	Curry On Murray creates some more competition for the 25 other Thai restaurants in Squirrel Hill (ok, I'm using a slight hyperbole, but there are a lot of Thai places in the area).  Anyway, where was I?  Oh yeah...Curry on Murray offers a decent variety of curries and noodle dishes all of which I tried were delicious and filling.  The crab rangoons were probably the highlight of the meal, but my Pad Kee Mao was probably a close second.  My one criticism is - and this goes for ALL Thai, Chinese, Indian, etc. restaurants - when someone says extra spicy, they mean extra spicy!  The service was exemplary as we were waited on by a lovely young lady who spoke fluent English which made our dining experience somewhat easier (come on, you all have to agree that no matter how delicious a restaurant is, language barriers can be a challenge.)  Of all the Thai places in the area, I think that this is probably the most "down to earth" as it lacks the ostentatiousness and higher prices of some of their  competition which I why I'll very likely make Curry on Murray my first choice for Thai in the area.
4	I'd been meaning to try this place for some time and I finally did so last week. We started with an appetizer platter that included crab rangoon and some fried egg roll thingies; the former was pretty good but the latter was kind of bland. I wish I had ordered the fresh rolls instead. On to the mains: my girlfriend and I shared an order of the duck curry and an order of the prik king. Both were quite good, especially the curry, which was very rich and flavorful. Portions were ample. Neither dish was as spicy as we hoped for, but as a white guy I'm used to ethnic restaurants underestimating my capsaicin tolerance. I enjoyed my meal at Curry on Murray and will return to try more of the curries and perhaps some Pad Thai. I think this place is the best Thai in Squirrel Hill, especially for the reasonable prices. Not quite as good as either of the places on Liberty Ave in Bloomfield, though.
3	I recently posted a review of Curry on Murray, affording it three stars and praising the food and the service.  I prominently noted in the review, however, that the restaurant is a poor value, and indicated the extraordinary value that is offered at a restaurant like India Garden, with its enormous and top-notch lunch buffet, for which one pays a mere $8.49 per person with website coupon.  My Curry on Murray review elicited the following response, obviously from the owner, who misinterprets my comments:"You must really hate us to have the exact review copied over to many websites.  I'm sorry.  There are reasons  we don't quite see Thai or French restaurants serving buffet.  Among them are perception of food and difficulties business-wise.  I hope you understand."I posted the review at this site and another, as I want potential diners to have my thoughts available to them before dining here.  That is the purpose of such sites. How can a three-star review which praises the food and service mean that the reviewer hates the restaurant? Three stars, after all, means "A-OK", per Yelp. I did not indicate that Curry on Murray should offer a buffet.  I merely point out the stark difference between the value that is offered at a restaurant that has a buffet and the $40+ that a modest size meal for two commanded at Curry on Murray.
3	Definitely enjoyed the pumpkin curry.  The service was quick and friendly.  Thai in Pittsburgh (along with most non-American style food) generally is a little more expensive for whatever reason.  That being said this was definitely as good as most of the other Thai restaurants in the Pittsburgh area I've been to.  I'd say it's not as good as Nicky's but probably as good as any of the ones in Bloomfield or Sq Hill, but only basing it on one dish really.  The noodles didn't seem like anything out of the ordinary so try and stick with the curry.  Will go back.
4	I went with a friend for lunch. Cost us $15 each for a lunch special, soup and tip. Seated and served promptly. We both felt the food was tasty -- I felt the food was very good, he was not as enthusiastic, so I averaged my 5 and what I felt was his 3. My food (coconut soup/tofu and green curry/chicken) were both very nicely seasoned and very flavorful.Some have mentioned about value for price. In my case, it was about $6 for the soup, $7 for the green curry and $2 tip. I think you can make the case that the soup is way over priced (it was a simple cup, not one of  those gigantic sizzling rice soups you sometimes get in restaurants.)The only other comment I'd offer is that the spiciness ratings may be set for low American expectations. I ordered spicy and he ordered medium. He commented that he could not detect any spiciness while I had a moderate amount. Certainly nothing that I'd rate as spicy.
3	Ok food, pretty average so far as Thai food goes--I'd rate Bangkok Balcony a bit better, and the food trucks at CMU are the best bargain. The service is pretty good here, and the prices are reasonable.
4	Pad thai was very good. Portions are slightly smaller than those at most Asian restaurants but still a fair-sized meal. Service was very reasonable as well. I would definitely return here.
3	We tried curry on murray last week and were sadly disappointed.  Therennovation from sababa did little to improve the space - it is stillvery sterile with lots of hard smooth surfaces which do little tolower the noise level.  More importantly, the curry's were lacking inflavor.  We had both the green curry with tofu and the pumpkin currywith duck.  Both were disappointing.  We started with the papaya saladwhich we ordered spicy - and it was - but the only spice content washeat - no flavor.
4	I was not expecting a lot from this place.  The location has hosted a number of restaurants over the years and they have been of varied quality but they have generally not done well.  I expected mediocre food; the name itself leaves a lot to be desired as it cold easily be mistaken for an Indian place "curry".  I was really and pleasantly surprised.  I have not yet tried Nicky's Thai, but this is the best Thai I have had in the area and I have tried a number of Thai restaurants.  The food felt very healthy, not oily or greasy; it was well spiced and seasoned.  I personally would have like more heat but that is a personal thing.  Highly recommended.  The good news was that it was hoppin'.  I hope that they stick around. The service was a little slow, but the place was busy.  Good for them.  Best of luck.
4	I'd like to give this 3.5 stars but I'm willing to round that up to 4.  We got take-out here a couple weeks ago. We had to wait a while (25-30 mins) but they told us that at the start, which is commendable.  The food was pretty good - not the best I've had in Pittsburgh but above average.  What impressed me very much was the ambience - the place had a very nice feel. [unlike one of the reviewers here, I do NOT like crowded restaurants . . . but this place was far from empty]  Anyway, I digress - my daughter ordered Pad Kee Mao and asked for it spicy, and they did a nice job (she often complains of under-spiced food, so that's a good thing).  My Ka Prao was very good as well.  As for my wife's chicken salad w peanut sauce . . . we'll never know, because they forgot to include it!  This, even though they ASSURED me that they double-checked everything was there.  After a long phone call the next day, they refunded us the value of the dish plus 10%, which is appreciated; but it really should NOT take a long conversation with the manager to right an egregious error.  Having said that, the people there were very nice, and that is why I am giving 4 instead of 3 stars.  I am not sure I'd go too much out of my way to go here, BUT if you are in Squirrel Hill and looking for a good and pleasant Thai meal, by all means, you should try this place.
4	This is a cute little Thai restaurant, which surprised me because for some reason I thought it was going to be an Indian restaurant! It's a good thing I like both Thai food and Indian food. The wait staff was friendly, and the restaurant seemed clean and modern. On Friday and Saturday nights they have live music while you eat which was a cello and guitar duo the night we were there. I tried my standard, chicken pad Thai, which was good although not my favorite in town. My dining companion got the green curry with tofu which was one of the better ones I've had in town. All in all, a good experience and which places it in the top three Thai restaurants I've tried in Pittsburgh. Although I've only tried this location once, I will be back.
5	This is my first review on Yelp, and I am writing it because I love Curry on Murray. I've tried the fresh roll with tofu and the Green Curry, but the Massaman Curry has stolen my heart. Every weekend I get a craving for it and either convince one of my friends to accompany me, or order takeout. Excellent food, great service and a nice, casual ambiance. Definitely going back for more!
4	The only reason I am giving Curry on Murray four stars instead of five is because I got takeout, so I can't judge the service.However, the food we did get was just excellent.  We tried the crab rangoons, the chicken satay, the chicken massaman curry and a pumpkin curry with shrimp.  All that was very good.  But the chicken larb...oh my god.  I would go back just for that.  And I plan to.
4	This is good, very reasonably priced, filling food that - amazingly - they cook to your actual "degree of spiciness" directions (even if you happen to be White).  Ironically, I think I've had everything here *except* the curry (I love Indian curry, but don't care for Thai curry, for some reason) and I have been pleased with all of it.  It's a great restaurant for lunch with friends or a casual date.
4	Enroute to a film at the Regent Square, some friends and I needed to eat something, having just come from work. One in our party was making the decision more or less for us, and wanted to have Thai, so we ended up at Curry On Murray.Upon entering, I discovered that it was quite a pleasant atmosphere (although those little bumpy seat covers on the benches were a tad disconcerting at first). Clean and modern, without being pretentious.The menu had quite a variety, from the usual Pad Thai, a plethera of curries, and some unusual noodle dishes I'd not heard of. So my friends ordered appetizers, some shrimp rolls and spring rolls, and we all ordered our entrees. Crab fried rice for one,a pineapple curry dish for another, panang curry for the next, and I opted for the Tom Yum Noodle. Coke products, and hooray.The service was pleasant, helpful and efficient, and the meals came reasonably quickly.And apparently, everyone's meal was quite satisfying both in taste and portion. Of course I can only speak for the Tom Yum Noodle (which still holds a hint of 'dirty mind' for me), which was a rice noodle, with bean sprouts, cilantro, a few fish balls (there's that dirty mind again) and I decided to order mine with the ground pork (chicken or tofu were the other options) topped off with some krispy fried wonton, that kind of looked like tortilla chips.Well, I thoroughly enjoyed Tom's yummy noodles, fish balls and all. The flavor was not too intense, even though I ordered high on the spicy scale, nor was it burgh wimpy (my nose did start running), and the portion was very nicely filling.Most of the entrees were in the $9.99 zone, so it wasn't bistroid pricey.They opened up the front window while we were there making it very open air, and the eye candy just kept strolling by in droves. A pleasant addition. Thank goodness there's one neighborhood with intelligent looking, clean cut, and a mix of internationals to watch. The only drawback to the giant open window was the entrance of a variety of flying proteins that seemed to enjoy dive bombing the tables.All in all, quite a pleasant little dining experience.
5	This is a terrific place. Mind you, we've only had lunch there once, and had shied away a bit because my significant other doesn't readily warm up to Thai food. It is very nicely appointed, clean, nice colors, photos on the wall, pleasant and comfortable ambience. The lunch was great, soups wonderful, appetizers to kill for. There is a mix of 3 appetizers that includes the best crab rangoons we've had yet in Pittsburgh, or anywhere else for the matter of that.  Lemon Grass soup with seafood was zingy, tasty, and filled with fish and mussels, shrimp, and scallop. Ditto the wonton soup, not your usual, tasty and packed with good stuff. We both warmed up to his place righrt away. Heading back for dinner in the near future.
4	Went to Curry on Murray with the wife for a rare meal without the kids. I was a little concerned with the few folks in the restaurant, but it was a Wednesday night. The menu was easy to understand and had a nice variety. Decided in the fries dumplings (nice delicate balance of flavors and textures with neither the shrimp nor the chicken overpowering the other) Pas Thai (should have ordered hot, medium wasn't enough kick)  and Pineapple Curry(delicious, sweet, spicy.)Friendly service, reasonable prices ($10 a plate). I will definitely recommend.
4	The atmosphere in this restaurant was romantic and peaceful. We went on Thursday night, and there was only one server. She maintained a calm demeanor, though she had a lot of tables, and she was very attentive. The food was delicious, and the portion size was adequate.
5	I love the food my favorite are the dumplings and the fresh rolls. I also love the crab fried rice. The service is excellent
1	The place looks alright but the food is horrible. I ordered this pad Thai and my noodles were hard.. Like seriously. & the guy wondered why I barely ate it then take it home. Shit, it tasted horrible.
3	The restaurant has authentic food, but the taste was average. Waiters are friendly and service is good.
2	First I'll start off with the good.  The atmosphere is nice, "Thai colors" not overly crowded,  semi-formal but comfortable. There was one waitress working and one gentleman who I think was working in the kitchen helped outside.  They were both very nice, pleasant, and provided excellent service.The fresh spring rolls with tofu were wonderful, fresh tasting, and came with one of the better dipping sauces that I've had at Thai restaurants.The "Coconut Soup" was very disappointing.  There was no hint of Kafir Lime leaves, or of Galangal.  It tasted like chicken stock with light coconut broth and chilies, nothing else.  This is one of my favorite starters and I was taken aback by it.The Pad Thai was pretty good, although didn't come served with a lime wedge.  I asked for one, but was told they don't carry limes.The prices are a few dollars less than many of the other Thai restaurants in the neighborhood. From working in restaurants for about 10 years, I summarize that they have potential to cook great, tasty food, but perhaps need to increase the prices to buy the ingredients necessary to properly cook the dish.Cutting corners is never a way to be a successful restaurant.  Charge whatever you need to, make the menu items properly, or don't offer them.
4	I have been here twice with two very different outcomes. overall good price for good atmosphere and what i think is fantastic food. the massaman curry is fantastic with a very good portion size. the first time i was here the service was good and i had a great time, the second time the service was slow and not great. still the food was delicious. id recomend this for a date especially in the summer when the glass wall is open
4	Four stars because, "Yay, I'm a fan!".  I'm always shocked this place isn't busier, because it's legit curry (son).  But maybe because I've only eaten here on weeknights.  Located on Murray Avenue (go figure!, Curry On Murray!) it can be a pain in the you know what to get parking near the restaurant, but keep circling, it's worth it.Each time I've been here I've ordered the pumpkin curry.  I can't stray from it, even though there are several other very tempting options.  Start with the fresh rolls, they won't disappoint.I look forward to coming here in the spring/summer when they can open the garage door window and let in some warm air.  Because let me tell you, this is one cold place to eat at during the winter.  Like - keep your jacket on and order some tea cold.  That's my only complaint.  And it won't stop me from coming back.
5	Solid place overall. Happy with my experience.  I really enjoy their pad thai - extra spicy.  Always very quick service.  Their take-outs quality is just as good as dine in. Great place to pick up food on my way home from work.
5	Delcious! Great service! Get the curry trio.
5	Highly recommended! Great atmosphere, serving staff was very friendly, and the meal was prepared very promptly. Overall a great experience.
4	I have been there so many times and this place never disappoints. I wonder why this place is not busy enough, for the food is much better than many thai restaurants in town.I have tried their muscles in coconut sauce, red/green/pumpkin curries and amongst them red curry is my favorite. The servings are OK size but value for money. The papaya salad and muscles great. I tried their pad thai and pad kee mao and wasn't satisfied both times. The taste was fine but the noodles were super hard, so I would not recommend anyone coming here to try their noodles. Go for their curries and muscles and you will always return happy.They keep changing thier staff really very often but the staff is super friendly
4	I have been there so many times because it's close to my home and I like Thai food. Curry food and service here has been consistently good. One thing I like about Thai curry is it always gives you a stunning feeling on your first taste. So once in a while I may get tired of that flavor. but when I get through that phase, my stomach just again starts craving having Thai curry. In a word, I totally recommend this restaurant.P.S. Just tried sticky rice with coconut milk. Emmmm...... It's like heaven with a bit mysterious salty flavor in the coconut milk cream. Just be careful it's really hot inside and the waitress should've warned us.
5	Absolutely delicious  pineapple curry.  Pad Thai is also solid.  Sit by the big garage window during the summer and people-watch the Mineos crowd if at all possible.
3	only been there once but the dish i had was ok. Wouldn't call it bad but wouldn't call it impressive either
5	Love the pumpkin curry, mango salad and the mussels on coconut sauce. How can you go wrong ? You can't. Great price, nice service and byob!!!
5	When I lived in Pittsburgh, I was lucky enough to live up the road from this place. I was so addicted to the Pineapple curry with Duck that I had to have it every other week. Their Thai Iced Tea is also so delicious and very complimentary to any spicy dish. I really miss this place. I will always make sure to return to this restaurant when I go back to visit Pittsburgh. :)
2	We tried this place on a whim today and our experience was mixed. The tofu summer rolls were good but not great, the lemongrass soup was stellar, and my pad se ew was good but a bit too sweet. My husband's experience was bad enough that we probably won't go back, unfortunately. My husband hates coconut and ordered the Penang curry on the understanding that it was not prepared with coconut milk. Unfortunately, our very nice server was wrong (the dish was tasty but for the coconut). My husband exchanged his dish for the pad Thai but that dish was very sweet with a hot pepper kick. Overall, Curry on Murray gets a thumbs up for decor and service but the food is merely OK.
5	Love the pumpkin curry, mango salad and the mussels on coconut sauce. How can you go wrong ? You can't. Great price, nice service and byob!!!
4	Had a repeat visit to try additional dishes. Not as bad as my first experience, may have gotten a bad chef that day. Seems like a solid place.
2	Sadly, not many vegan options. Can get better Thai elsewhere in the same neighborhood.
3	The decor & open air dining atmosphere was perfect for a September evening. We were greeted & seated promptly. We started with the tofu fresh rolls which were delicious. We ordered the Chicken Pad Thai & the Pad Kee Mao for our entrees. They came out looking fresh & the temperature was just right. The flavors of the Pad Kee Mao were wonderful.  The Pad Thai was good but lacked the usual robust flavors I've had elsewhere.  It was our 1st time & think it may be our last.
3	The food was good. I ordered a pumpkin curry, a decision that was influenced by the other reviews on Yelp. The chicken was good, but it tasted/looked very similar to that typical taste/texture found in fast Chinese food. It wasn't bad, but I had a feeling it was frozen and not fresh. I'm used to my mom's curry in which she uses freshly torn/shredded/pulled chicken. The wait is what brought down the star rating. I'll admit what might have caused the extreme wait was that I did go with a party of 9. However, when you see two other tables who arrived after you, not only get served, but also leave before your own food comes out, it's disappointing and slightly aggravating. I'll return with only one or two friends and update my review another time.
3	I like Curry On Murray. I really do. If only I could say I LOVED Curry On Murray.I love parts of Curry On Murray. Like the food. I order their tasty crab rangoon every time I eat here, and mmmm, the curry! They do offer other dishes and appetizers, but the main reason to eat here is definitely the range of curry dishes here. So far I stand by their pineapple curry 100% - so yummy! - and I really do want to try their pumpkin curry sometime soon. I admittedly wish they offered a green Thai iced tea, not just regular Thai iced tea - so far Nicky's is the only place I can get that particular drink in the 'Burgh.A quick note: even the mild curries have a bit of a kick to them. So while some Thai places are pretty good at going light on the spice based on a scale of 1 - 10, this may not be one of them. But I always order mild since I'm comfortable with it, so "not at all" might be an option. I just don't know since I don't feel like I need to order any lower than their mild option.Unfortunately, Curry On Murray isn't perfect. The curry is excellent but some of the dishes can be pretty average. Worse, their service in particular is not always spot on. The last time I came in with a friend - note, one friend; we were not part of a large group - it took 15 minutes for a waiter to even come to our table to take beverage orders. We just ordered our food with our drinks at that point - and that food came out another 40+ minutes after that. Sorry, but that's unacceptable, especially since the place wasn't exactly hopping crowd-wise. I only stuck around because the company was good, but if my friend had asked to go I would have gladly left with her.I don't mind stopping in here periodically, but I don't think it'll ever be my #1 choice for Thai food, especially if I'm in a rush. It's a good place to eat and meet with friends in the area when we all really want curry and a good place to chat, at least.
3	Nice Thai ...Trying to expand my that experience I tested the lemongrass soup, bean thread noodle salad. And crab Rangoon or fried wonton. Lemongrass soup.... chock full of yummy veggies... Good spice balance. And well I love  lemongrass spice factor was spot on. Crab Rangoon was to die for! I could sit in a bathtub filled with these amd eat them till my death.  A happy death.salad : noodles and spice were great shrimp and chicken were dry I'd suggest frying the shrimp adding more garlic. Otherwise great.My guy had red curry it was very yummy but just not very spicy as he has ordered, my dishes were hotter at the spicy level.
3	It's a well-lit, clean and spacious restaurant. The service was phenomenal, but maybe a little too attentive. The waitress was very patient and accommodating. The restaurant was not packed, but they do get decent flow of customers. I had the chance to try the pad kee-mao noodles, which are flat noodles with pork, thai basil and stir fried vegetables. The dish was a bit too greasy for my liking and too salty. If they went easy on the grease and salt, it would've been perfect. The tom yum noodles were not bad, but not spectacular either. The broth was extremely fishy in smell, but once you get past the smell, the taste was quite refreshing with a hint of citrus. Overall, I enjoyed my experience at Curry on Murray, but the dishes need to be better executed to ensure my return in the future. Curry on Murray wasn't bad, but I had better Thai food elsewhere. I recommend this place only if you're in the area, but not a restaurant I would go out of my way to dine at.
