5	This place kicks a$$ for lunch. 2 slices and a drink for $4 (approx). The slices have always been good and hot, and i have never had an old cold slice! Plenty of indoor seating..
4	Very good pizza.  The crust was crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside - the way it should be.  The pepperoni was perfectly crispy on the edges and oily in the middle - the way it should be.  Cheap, clean, friendly, and plenty of seating.
5	Mmmm! You have got to love being able to drop in and for under $5 get a huge slice of pizza, a soda and a salad.  For some reason the pizza always tastes better from the warmer! The chicken hawaiin pizza? HELLO HEAVEN!
5	Where els can you go for 2 slices of pizza and a drink for under 5 bucks??  This place was awesome 20 years ago when I came here for lunch in high school and  is still awesome when I bring my kids here now.  I just recently had the buffalo chicken pizza and it was better than i was expecting.  This is also the go to place if we are watching football or just chillen with friends.
4	Barro's is the best pizza in the valley, and a local chain that made good!This is a newer and cleaner Barro's than i've been used to going to, so points for that.The fake brick walls kind of close in on you, so I advise not to ingest any hallucinogens prior to your coming in.
4	So good, always delicious every time I get a pizza here.
5	My favorite pizza spot of all time. Cheap and tastes amazing.
4	we really like Barro's.  This one was initially hard to tie down because of a wrong phone number, but the one listed here is correct.  Reliably good, pretty cheap.
4	At about 12 o'clock this afternoon I was thinking to myself "I want some pizza for lunch where should I go?""Barro's!" I screamed outloud in reply to my own question. So I borrowed $5 from my old lady and off I went.I got the lunch special. Two slices of pepperoni pizza and a drink. I threw down the extra cash to get a side of ranch for dipping. Best decision of the day.This location is a little far away from where I stay but it's worth the drive. Super clean place. Friendly staff. The girl at front counter is always nice. I don't know her name but she has a tattoo on the back of her neck. Thanks, neck tattoo girl! I'll be back tomorrow.
1	Many of my friends dig Barro's Pizza and come here for a weekly lunch as a tradition. So I decided to tag along today to see what the fuss was all about and quite frankly, I'm not that impressed.The hot wing pizza I had was overly greasy and rich. It became the undoing of my stomach lining, causing peptic ulcers left, right, anterior posterior, superior and inferior. There was no end in sight. Like Mordor, my innards became a barren wasteland devoid of life and happiness.As the poison passed through my body, it erupted from me like the fiery lava of Mt. Doom. The contents that spilled out scorched me like a whip from within. Such pains and labors I had to endure until I was rid of this heavy burden. Even my friends that took me here no longer seem like themselves to me. I can trust them no longer. "Share the load," they keep telling me. But I know that this is my talisman to carry and nobody else's...My time on the porcelain throne was a hardship I would not wish upon my greatest nemesis. The sight of a grown man crying is one of the most difficult to swallow. Gandalf's words kept ringing in my ears, "YOU SHALL NOT PASS!" Indeed, I feared that this pizza would never pass and would become my burden to bear for all time. To grow inside me like a tumor and become a part of me. But thankfully, it eventually did pass and the tower of Sauron fell and we have peacetime now! =)As for my rating of Barro's, nay. You shall not pass. You fail. Though I give you props for doing what few have done to my body. My immune and digestive systems are among the most proficient and powerful in all the land and you've bested both. Let Barro's name be heard and feared as one that will forever live in infamy.
2	We usually like Barros so I took my family over a couple of weeks ago for an evening meal.  My daughter is sensitive to gluten, so we ordered a gluten free pizza, regular pizza and wings.Their regular pizza was good as always.  The gluten-free however, came out with the crust burned.  I tasted the edge of it and it tasted as burned as it looked.  I took it back and was told that's just the way it is with gluten-free.  Since I ordered meat on the pizza, they had to make sure it was cooked so the crust gets burned.  That's it - no offer to make it better, just go ahead and eat it.So I wasn't happy about that, but to make matters a little more annoying, I could hear the teenage server talking to someone in the back (the cook I'm guessing) and making some smart-alec remark about my complaint. That's cool I guess, but FYI - it's a pretty small store and I can hear you out by the cash register Einstein.The wings were OK, but very wet.  Oh, and they don't have any wet-wipes, so you just have to go through about 20 disintegrating napkins while eating your wet wings.So, 4 stars overall for the pizza, minus 2 stars for the crappy service and smart-alec high school servers.  I'll just stick to Sardellas, who apparently have already taken the class on how to make gluten-free pizza.
5	I've never been to this Barro's Pizza, but we order delivery from there all the time. I'm very happy with the delivery time frame and the quality of food when we order. Delicious!
2	I have had Barros at 2 other locations and loved the pizza and the service. However, I will not be returning to this location. I called in my order for take out and arrived @ time it was supposed to be ready for pick up. I was told it would be a few more min and took a seat. After waiting 25 more minutes (seated in front of a grip of staff working the front), a manager came from the back and asked what I was waiting on. He then pulled it from the warmer beside all the front desk staff. Yes, my order had been ready this whole time! All the staff knew I was waiting for my take out order and didn't bother to check this or follow up? What is worse is that they sent me on my way with that food that had been sitting there the whole time and no, I was not offered fresh food nor a refund. I was too tired of being there in the less than inviting restaurant listening to less than professional convos amongst the staff to do anything about it. Needless to say, the food wasn't fresh or tasty and the experience was all so ridiculous, I could only laugh about it and say...that just happened! I give 2 stars because no staff was rude or anything. They seemed to truly not know better.
1	Went in at 2 to get a slice and soda they don't have any pepperoni ready so I waited no problem. So I got my drink and sat down to wait 5 minutes or so later they brought my pizza out and it's undercooked. Worst slice I have ever had. Will not be going back.
2	"We don't do that." - Barro's counter helper when asked on a Sunday evening when we were the only patrons sitting down to eat if she would turn up the TV and turn off the closed captions on the football game. This is a place that serves pizza, wings and beer and could be begging for a huge crowd on a Sunday. But nope, we can't accommodate your request. Although she did at least turn it from the weather to the game for us. We changed our order from dine in to 'to go' and left. The pizza had a wonderful amount of toppings but didn't appear to be the thin crust that we had ordered and we asked for the wings to be half medium and half hot but although they were boxed separately they seem to be the same. We should have asked for a manager when we were told 'no' but we just decided to write a sad review instead. The restaurant was empty, by the way. Except for people picking up orders to go. I wonder why people don't stay?
4	Well, what can I say, I have been eating at Barros for a long time now and this location is probably my favorite. It became a weekly Thursday tradition for my family to come here - they could take my order before I even spoke it.The pizza is very good. Honestly, there is not anything that overwhelmingly special about it. It's just a great tasting and simple pie. And the consistency is exactly the same each visit.Unfortunately, it's been a little while since my last visit, but the service was absolutely top-notch considering it's a pizza joint and they simply bring your order to your table when ready. And considering the staff was very young overall, they still managed to come around and ask us how the food was and how we were doing, but it wasn't forced, it seemed very genuine.Just thinking about it makes me want to go back... tomorrow methinks!
5	My boyfriend and I eat (too much pizza) here at least once a week. Their lunch deals are just unbeatable. Huge amounts of great food for very little money. Personally, I think this location has the best pizza, since the taste does vary a bit from location to location.
