4	Ok, so there's Joann Fabrics and then there's Joann Craft SUPERSTORE! It certainly dwarfs the skanky Joann's on Indian School. Rickie's a fashion designer and loves fabric shopping. Much like I love grocery shopping cuz I love to cook."Thomas, do you want to go fabric shopping?""Oh, gee, um there, honey pie, I was going to stay home and detail my computer keyboard. But it sounds fun. Thanks.""Thomas, there's a sale at SAS fabrics, can you believe it?""Wow as fun as that sounds, can you believe the lime deposit build up on our balcony railing?" Well you get the picture.HOWEVER, this Joann rocks...sure you find thousands of fabrics, but oh so much more to behold. Lots of crafty scrapbooky, make your own patio tile type things. They have patio furniture, which I happen to be looking to purchase. Didn't find anything I liked, but was impressed they had some. The place is HUGE, super clean and most staff are very helpful.There was an entire area of soaps, candles, etc., all marked down from $9.99 to $2.79. I grabbed a few green tea candles and threw them in the cart. They rang up at $9.99 each and when I pointed that out to the smileless and oh so charming cashier, my goodness, was she ever stymied as to what to do. We met up with a manager type at said sale area and sure enough, everything, BUT the candles on this massive sale rack, were on sale. Of course, with a little midwest charm, batting of my baby blues and a small bitch fit, we scored the candles at the sale price, thank you very much!
4	This is like a walmart supercent of Joann's. Its the biggest i've been too. I only go here for yarn and crochet stuff. I took Crochet classes here, very worthwhile! I agree with previous yelpers that it needs a better selection of yarn. I also think they need to keep better stock of their yarn and crochet supplies!! Sometimes the crochet/knitting books can be a bit messy... but all in all a great Joann's.
2	I'm agreeing with Aletheia on this one. This Joann's is a lot like every Joann's I have been to (except at the one on Cave Creek and Catus, which is a little smaller, but had what I needed when the Tatum one didn't).The Joann's employees here walk around like zombies. If they do not like their jobs at all, then get a new one! I was here yesterday and was looking for a certain product when I stopped an employee. The conversations went like this:Me: Excuse me, I am looking for this particular iron on that I see you carry, but it is out of stock. Do you have more items in the back?Her: No, that's all we haveMe: Ok, then can you tell me where the next closest Joann's is so that I can try that locationHer: No, I've only lived in Arizona so I'm not sure. But, ask that lady over there.What?? "I've only lived in Arizona." That was her answer. I had no intentions of going to another state for this iron on. What was she thinking?Then I go to check out. I asked the cashier guy "do you know where the closest other Joann's is?" The guy goes "I don't know, I don't shop here"I don't care if you don't shop here! You work here and it is your job to answer my question! I work with people, too, and when they ask me a question I don't know, I don't say "I don't know, I don't read this magazine."Then he followed up with "I wish people would stop coming in here because its too busy" I just said, be glad you have a job. Thank goodness I'm not so crafty that I would have to shop here often!
4	Don't sew, don't knit, don't craft...but every once in a while I need things like a specific  blue thread to replace a button, or some fabric dye to revive a pair jeans that have faded from black to to "graphite"...  Everything was easy to find, and the staff, while unenthusiastic, was helpful.  Fabulous thread selection.They have a great setup for buying a sewing machine - all are set up so you can try them - very nice!  Almost temped me to believe I ought to get one, but then I came to my senses.
4	This is a very nice superstore for all you homemaking needs....but I think what set's it apart from stores like Hobby Lobby.....and Michaels is that they offer free classes to show you how make you home more beautiful. I mean everything from sewing your own curtains....to making arts and crafts to decorate your home....and did I mention it is all FREE. Can't be that.....so get over to Joann's and get your homemaking on people. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends
2	I am a crafts person and the store is close to my house so I continue to go here despite the crummy service. The workers dont really know what they are talking about and are mostly old ladies. The half dead old ladies are the only ones that work the register and their slowness causes a huge line all the time. Once there was an old lady slowly working the cash register with a giant line. While the old fat managers with their headsets just stood around and watched, instead of hopping on one of the empty registers to help the customers waiting in the long line. Their coupons have crazy policies. My friend used to work there, but they accused her of taking reciepts (why would she take reciepts?) So she decided to leave the company after years of working there. They dont have much doll stuff, resin or resin mold but they r good for scrapbooking and faux flowers.
1	I am leaving this store angry and can't resist writing a review! The staff is incredibly useless....if you can actually find someone to help you. The store is huge with very little signs to guide you. Therefore I always wander aimlessly looking for the one simple thing I stopped in for (even though I tell myself I will never go back) with no one to help me. Today they were out of an item I bought last week and need more of to finish my project. I asked the only 100 year old lady I could find to check the back and she told me they have nothing in back and to ask customer service. The lady at customer service was actually a reasonable age and when I asked her to call the Indian Bend store she handed me their number and said "well you can call them". I stormed out soooo mad and this time I promise to never go back. Hobby Lobby or Michaels is worth the drive!!!
1	I went here twice in the past 2 months, and I will not return. During the first trip I bought quite a lot of merchandise, and was impressed with the size of the store and the variety of products. I thought, "Great, maybe I can come here instead of driving all the way to Michael's". Except that when I went to return an item, I walked out knowing I will ALWAYS drive all the way to Michael's. Behind the customer service counter (and I use the term customer service lightly here), a sign tells you all the ways they make returns easy. I'm just not sure any of the employees here have read that sign. I felt like a criminal. I was told I was being done a huge favor by taking my item back, even though I had the receipt, because I didn't have the packaging that went with it. Who keeps the packaging from an item they're trying out in their house?? Besides that, I never received a smile, eye contact, "hello", or any sort of normal human response that would let me know they cared if I was alive or dead. And that was with contact from a regular employee and a manager. Thanks but no thanks.
3	I've had pretty good experiences at this Joann's though I think the one on Indian School is bigger. Most of my experiences with the staff have been good though sometimes it's hard to find someone to help you. The line to get fabric cut is always long, but once you get to the front the ladies are nice. The only real issue I've had was with classes. The class I signed up for was cancelled and instead of doing a refund automatically (they had my credit card information) or transferring my credit to another Joann store, I was forced to go into the store and get the refund.
1	The last time I was in a fabric store I think I was 7 years old and with my mom. This time around I popped in here last minute to pick up some fabric for my toga pub crawl. It was to my chagrin that there was a LONG line at the cashier area ( I was pressed for time). Chagrin is not sufficient to describe my reaction when the line to cut cloth was just as long if not longer.I asked the lady behind in line "So we have to wait in this line to cut our cloth, and THEN go wait in that other line to pay for it?" She nodded with a sympathetic smile. So out went my plan of being in and out in 5 minutes and 45 minutes later I was FINALLY on my way. This was largely my fault since I left things to the last minute and because I failed to understand the rules of fabric store frequenting which is duly noted for my next trip to the fabric store which will probably be in another 30 years.That being said,  I thought this was a ridiculous amount of time to take to purchase some cloth. Seriously worse than the airport!!!
1	Place sucks...long lines poor customer service. First u stand in a amazingly long line to get the fabric cut and then a equally long line for checkout... darn my kids art project.....
3	The lines here are insanely long and customer service is nonexistent. Pretty much impossible to find someone to help you. If you do happen to track someone down they generally are quite surly and annoyed with questions. For someone like me who is already intimidated by professional "crafters", it makes me want to run and hide in utter humiliation.Do NOT come here if you are in any kind of a hurry. Especially on a weekend!On the other hand, they do offer a variety of classes for both kids and adults. My kids attended sewing classes and cake decorating. They both really enjoyed the experience! We would definitely do more classes. One of the classes did get rescheduled for a totally different time (was supposed to be 10am on a Saturday and rescheduled to 1pm), it wasn't a big deal but kind of screwed up our plans for the day.
2	This place has gone downhill. The cutover service is horrible. The lines are always line to be rung up and everyone that works the cash registers take forever. They have good sales but some of the stuff is overpriced for the quality/quantity. You can never find anyone that works here, talk about understaffed. My mom and I had to wait about 5 minutes for 2 employees to realize we were behind them waiting the whole time while they were chitchatting with another customer. Talk about rude. Step up the customer service and hire more people because it is impossible to find someone that works here in the store!
5	I love when I can go to a specialty store that I have no connection with on a regular basis, and with that "deer in the headlamps" look, only to be greeted by a happy and energetic individual who wants to share their knowledge and love of all things fabric and craft without making me feel like I'll be left to drown in a sea of linens and rick-rack! I went to JoAnn one evening last week as a last-ditch effort to save my entertainment console. You see, if I had to live one more day looking at the cords and wires and antenna parts hanging down the back open spaces of the unit, I was going to have to say "hasta la bye-bye" to the dated and oh-so-heavy piece of furniture. My plan: find a low cost solution to "hide" the culprits in time for another gathering at my home where others would also be subjected to the awful sight. My solution, as evidenced by a vigorous helping of "atta girl!" from the cutting counter staff: Simple, wrinkle-free, crease-free, not-too-heavy and not-too-sheer black fabric that could be manipulated across, over, and around the unsightly sight!YAAAY! And a bonus Yay came in the form of them asking if I had a coupon....to which I frowned and said NO.....to which they recommended I quickly download the JoAnn app and use the coupon that comes with it = 40% off any one item! Happy crafty non-crafter here!
4	I am not really a crafty person but the needs arise as a mom. I needed to make a costume for my son to dress as Johannes Kepler.  I didn't know where to begin in the big store. Wondering around the store like a lost person, a staff came up and offered to help. I showed the picture of Johannes Kepler and she was able to figure out what I needed to buy to make costume. Thanks to her help, I was able to get everything so fast and finished sewing my son's costume so quickly. He took his costume with him for his oral presentation this morning, hopefully he gets A on his report. At least he looks great dressed as Johannes Kepler thanks to a friendly staff at JoAnn.
2	Was in the store for 2 hours just for 1 yard of fabric. The fabric cutting line took about 45 minutes & though there were crowds of people waiting the whole time they didn't think to call for extra help until about 30 minutes later. Then after I got my fabric, I was told only one register was working. & then overhearing the employees talking, I heard that even that register was down completely. It took them about an hour of false reassurance that the problem was getting taken care, to finally admit the issue & say everyone would have to just return thw next day & they'll honor the coupons people had that may have been expiring that day...but nothing for the people who waited the whole time & didn't have a coupon. They could have just told us the issue up front & I would have had time to go to Michael's to get my fabric instead of wasting time waiting around.Only reason I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 is because I realize technology fails & am optimistic that had that not been an issue my trip would have gone a little smoother. Regardless, I won't be returning unless I absolutely have to.
5	Everything I need and more. Love the coupons, crafts to material to DYI projects. It's the best store in the valley for all your needs. There are long waits for the cutting material line and register check out but that's at certain times and days of the week and should be expected when it's the only place in the area.
1	This place is ridiculous when it comes to service. This is my second time here and I wanted to see if things were different before my review. They weren't. After hour-long waits for fabric to be cut and insanely long lines at register line something has to be said. I would like to say there was a redeeming event when a customer in the register line asked for a manager. He came out and immediately 3 more registers were opened. Only 2 were previously open. The upside is the line really started moving. The downside is that it took a customer to speak up. This store is disorganized, poorly run and disappointing customers on a regular basis.
1	I cannot believe the lack of customer service in this store. At first I went to find a sales associate to find where these markers are that you can write on glass were, while he was nice and helpful, he was not very specific on where the markers were and I was still very confused on where to find the markers and which ones had the ability to write on glass. However, the real problem with this store began when I had to find another sales associate to give me more information about  the glass markers. I had to chase a sales associate through the store in order to find someone who could help me and when I finally caught up to her, she disappeared into the break room where I had to stand for 5 minutes waiting for her to walk out. When she finally did walk out, she was beyond rude and completely condescending when I asked her to help me find the glass markers. At first, she asked me if I was using them for creative purposes and not inhaling them even though I was carrying a glass jar that could easily prove that I am going to use the markers for "creative purposes". Next, she informed me that in order to buy the markers I had to be over 18 in a completely condescending way. She then said that she could not sell me the markers, however luckily my friend I was with was over 18 and I had to have her buy the markers. When she finally got me the markers (because they were in a locked shelf) she would not let me carry them and told me that my friend better carry them because she's over 18... Still in a very condescending and rude tone. My terrible experience at this store does not stop there however, when I got to the checkout (which takes forever by the way), I was put in her checkout lane in which she very quietly and angrily checked me out and did not even make eye contact. Finally, when she was finished, I said "have a nice day" in which I did not even receive a reply.I would give this store zero stars if Yelp allowed that and the company should seriously consider getting new employees and hiring some new sales associates. I do not recommend this store to anyone and will now on be shopping at Michael's only.
