2	Great size all ages venue, and great sound. However, show started at 7 when website clearly stated 8. And what is the point in paying for good sound and stage when this venue has horrible staff and customer service? I totally understand this was the first show at this venue, but hire better staff. Hire more efficient bartenders (all were obviously overwhelmed). At the very least, hire security guards that frequent punk/alternative/hardcore shows so they understand the vibe, culture, and most importantly safety of shows. Jocks, club goers and gym rats have no place policing the scene and safety of punk shows. They just don't understand.. Never have and never will. My night was pretty much over when I realized security didn't know their head from their ass, and it really put a damper on the night and bitter taste in my mouth. I couldn't even enjoy my time spent during Alkaline Trio and left early. I will not be attending any more shows here, and will make sure my friends know how much of a waste of money this venue is. Save your money unless its a band you absolutely have to see.
1	Went to the Alkaline Trio / Bayside show here tonight. The bartenders have nooooo idea how to do their jobs. After waiting almost 15 minutes at the bar for any acknowledgment,  We asked for two cokes and received two small cups full of almost clear liquid that was semi flat. The bartender took our 20 and gave us 4 dollars back. 16 dollars for this ?!?!? We asked for our money back because we were clearly dissatisfied  and the bartender put up a huge fit but finally gave us our 20 back. Later, a huge belligerent drunk man came down from the "VIP" area and smashed my foot before falling down . We complained to the security guard that he needed to be escorted out for being so drunk but the guard didn't understand how to handle the situation. He was the African American man "guarding" the entrance to the VIP tables. My boyfriend was very firm in telling him that I was hurt and the man was overly drunk and needed to be escorted from the show. The security guard eventually had the man give an apology to me but did nothing else about the situation when the man was clearly too drunk for the safety of others. 20 minutes later we saw the drunk man being escorted out by his own group of friends who understood the responsibility of public safety more than that security guard did .Clearly the guard has zero idea how to do his job. This was the first show at this venue and probably my last time ill ever attend one here. Also the guards at the door had no idea the show was ages 16 and over(written on the tickets) and were literally pushing anyone under 18 out of the line. Fremont country club, you need to better train your horrific staff. WORST first impression to ever have.
5	Very cool venue! The decor is bad-ass and a must see if you are downtown! We have been there a few times and enjoyed it thouroughly each time. Love seeing this original, very artistic space! Sound is really good too.
1	Worst venue ever.Their will call situation was completely FUBAR.  We had to stand outside in line, qwhich wrapped around the building and moved at a snail's pace, missing the first band (the band I really truly wanted to see) and then getting to listen to half of the second band's set....while still in line.The tickets said the show started at 6:30.  Apparently it actually started at 5:30.  Awesome.  Glad I wasted $26 and a trip from San Diego to Vegas on that.There were absolutely no apologies or explanations for the delay.  I would never ever ever go here again.  I will travel to other cities to see bands that are scheduled to play here before I'd ever go back.They were charging $3 for a cup of TAP WATER.  When challenged, they handed it over.  Who knows how many suckers actually paid the $3 though.
1	The frat boys have taken over this country club-Where to start.......The staff here from top to bottom are a joke. Very rude, cold and could care less about their customers. Even had one assault me when I was told I couldn't smoke inside. Everyone was smoking inside... then told we could smoke out back... then told we could smoke out front... then told we could smoke inside...then told outside again! WTF???  Everyone one there was clueless...  Although A/V crew did a good job. Sounded and looked good. Poorly run venue.This place needs an intervention. QUICK! And what's up with all the dude bartenders??? You know boobs sell more beer right? The demo for this show was 75%+ men and venue had mostly men bartenders... Strange...
3	The venue describes itself as Tex-Mex brothel kitsch meets Sinatra in space, featuring bejeweled merry-go-round ponies atop the bar, 8-foot-high illuminated steel horseshoes, a covered-wagon entry way that doubles as a movie tunnel and chromed antler chandeliers, to name a few. Yes that describes it. The bathrooms even have an attendant and are nicely clean. Another positive- The sound  is really nice with bass speakers that move your clothes.The poor things about this place- It wreaked of PineSol or some other brand of floor cleaner. Not sure where they were using it as the floor was super sticky.There is no place other than one little couch to sit down.THE BIG TURN OFF FOR ME- I ordered the same Jack and Coke from two different bartenders and was quoted two different prices. True maybe the first guy cut me a break but I suspect the second guy was going to just pocket the extra two bucks.
5	Was here this past Friday to see Reel Big Fish and had a fantastic time!  I don't understand the poor reviews.  Great location (Freemont East - we were able to grab some grub at Pizza Rock then walk over); awesome acoustics ( you might not think this matters, but have you been to Hard Rock on the strip? Even my favorite band sounds terrible).  The drinks were good and cheap, and the crowd was virtually douche-less.  Really, what more could you ask for?  We will definitely be back and I hope more people give this place a chance.  See for yourself, don't let the negative reviews sway you.
5	Saw my favorite band in the world (Reel Big Fish) at the Fremont Country Club on Friday, 10/3/14. Although I'm not a regular live-music guy, my RBF obsession has led to me seeing them all over Vegas and in Anaheim, Orlando, Denver, Salt Lake City and Aspen through the years. I was worried that the FCC might be disappointing after reading some of the reviews here, but we had a great time and really enjoyed the venue. Staff was helpful, it was easy to find parking nearby, and the sound was awesome! One of the trademarks of a RBF show is joking around and interacting with the crowd, and the sound system at FCC captured the banter and the music beautifully. After several shows at other venues where we couldn't clearly hear the band, this was a real treat. Would highly recommend FCC, especially if RBF is playing!
5	Was here 10/25/14 to see Fitz & the Tantrums with Echosmith apart of the Life is Beautiful aftershow and it was super nice inside, with plenty of space. Not many folks came to attend this show and what happened as a result was fantastic! This venue felt close-up and personal with an intimate setting without being full of the 800 capacity. When I got there, no lines no waiting it was quite perfect. First is ID check, next a security check (you may be searched), then your ticket check scan. Everything flowed fast. Big long bar with plenty of super-nice staff on-hand who were all smiles. A draft beer runs you $7 though but if you only need 1 or 2 then it's not really a prob. When they performed Out of My League the sound was a little low for this only not sure why but for everything else it was loud. Venue located on Fremont East where this section has been revitalized, and looks very cool down there now with other neon bars and eats. Parking is tricky when blocked by high event, but I parked closer to Las Vegas Academy and enjoyed walking the 3-4 blocks. Was alone but felt perfectly safe doing so.By the way the combination of these two bands were perfect! Both were very energetic and Echosmith deserves more credit, they are great. Had awesome time!
5	Don't let the bad reviews scare you as they are about opening night. This is one of the best venues las vegas has especially downtown :)
