1	Shoe lovers beware.These guys will act all friendly and act as if they want to help with the sneaker community. But that's not the case.The skinny I met these guys a few years ago at several different shoe shows (dxc heated sole) I thought we had built a relationship that was friendly. I purchased (2 shoes) and I sold a few pairs of shoes through them which they charge 20% no problem they sold my shoes and said they would have someone call me to pick up a check well after a few weeks I noticed my shoes had sold but no call I waited another week before I decided to call, they lied and said they just sold the day before and I was going to get a call soon. I went to pick up check I noticed my other shoes had sold as well but they didn't tell me either I let it go as I got my money but felt like they were not telling people as they didn't have enough money to cover checks ,They have no policy in place for holding a check and they seemed to get upset when I asked about it. I would call in to ask if they can relist my shoes on their Instagram page Brandon seemed to have an issue with and said he would have someone look into it but nothing was done. God forbid you go in there and ask about prices being so high they will give you this attitude about prices being set by customers when in fact they recommend pricing as they want to get as much as they can. There is always 2-3 staff hanging out in there and makes it awkward when ur the only shopper and they are just standing there looking at you. Please be careful of the services they offer, they let me know that they can do a legit check on a shoe for me (make sure they aren't fakes or variants) I thought that was great as there is a lot of fake shoes out here. I finally worked out a deal for a very limited an expensive shoe that I needed to get a legit check so I had the guy meet me there, we go in and it checks out and as I'm closing the deal, Brandon offered him more money that I was able to give. No apology no nothing just a s@$t eating smile like he won the lottery. He also was boastful online about it as to throw it more in my face. Real questionable business ethics, I won't do business with this store again.
5	Recently drove to ASU to visit my bae and stopped by.  Overall I loved this store, from the cave-like atmosphere to the Channing Tatum looking owner.  He definitely was friendly and helpful, the prices though were unbelievable for a consignment shop.  I heard they even do things called Fire Sales were they dramatically reduce the price on shoes unannounced so it's definitely worth checking out often to see whats on sale.  I will be trying to come out here as much as I can.
5	Killer kicks. Sum sexy thangs I never seen b4. Chingas of LeBron samples and other rare shits. Owner bnapes is courtois kind and helfpul and has many pretty tattoos. This shop is a must for sneaker hedz and they just opened a store in LA #p4pknockoutpunch
5	Any real sneaker head will appreciate pound 4 pound shoes. Knowledgable staff. Amazing selection.  They got stuff I've never even seen before. You have to check them out if your in Phoenix or LA. Definitely be back for more kicks!
5	All that Pipe in there just gets me excited...and by pipe, I mean the amazing  pipe racks that the shoes are displayed on.  Some people have issues with money and the pricing of this place but hey its consignment, look it up in the dictionary. No one forces you to sell your shoes there or buy. This group has been always friendly to me and they also work with the community.
5	The best AZ has to offer when it comes to sneakers. Weather new or used they gotchu covered! New releases or previous release you've missed out on. Prices are decent and market value. This isn't tour local footlocker so if you're looking for older,limited,hype,exclusives this is the place to go. Staff is friendly and will explain the shoes or talk sneakers if that's what you want.  Store has a dope set up and is separated by sizes so you can strictly look at the shoes in your size range. Highly recommend it if it's what you're looking for.
