3	Automatic star awarded for having a salsa bar and a damn good one at that. Nachos were good, but the cheese wasn't melted, which, I will never complain about cheese in any form, but this was a bit different then what I am use to.
5	Chimichangas to change your life! Everything is really fresh & delicious(never old or soggy). The servings are huge. I would rather get take out from here than going to a nice sit down Mexican restaurant rip off. Despite the idea, it's nothing like Filiberto's. This place is the best kept secret I've ever found out about. I don't eat seafood, but am told their's is great. They only ever once accidently gave me guacamole when I asked them not to(I don't like gauc) & there food is so amazing, I ate it anyway & it was pretty tasty. Seriously awesome Mexican take out. I've never been let down!!!!! 24 hours too!
4	One of the better breakfast burritos I have had.  It fills me up through lunch.  The ham, egg, and pico de gallo make this a must have every time I stop by.  And as the other reviewer mentioned, a salsa bar to boot.
5	I made a huge (lazy) mistake tonight. I wanted a drive thru so I went to the place accross the street instead. AWFUL! I shoulda gotten off my butt to walk in and get the chimichanga I deserve(& for a lower price) from Amando Bros! Don't make the mistake I made. Walk into this restaurant & enjoy!
4	Amado's Bros is a new favorite Friday breakfast joint for me and my co-workers.  The breakfast burritos are not huge, but definitely fill you up without a hitch.  Friendly smiles and good prices will keep me coming back for more!
3	When this place first opened I was very impressed with the quality of their food, but lately I  have felt let down. I have received soggy, overly salty, and small burritos the last several times I've ordered from them. Also, the customer service is awful. I go here later at night, so I can not attest to their early morning service like some of the other reviewers. They do get some starts for their salsa bar, their carne asada fries, rolled tacos, and for being clean. I wont be going back here though. With so many Mexican food places in the area, I'm sure you can find a place with better food and service.
4	good food for the price. I like their new location. They used to be in the little building across the street (north side of Southern). I have not been disappointed with any dish. Better chips and salsa would make this place a 5, but maybe that's how they keep the prices down.
4	Great basics. Beans are made right. Tortillas are typical. But the cooks know what they are doing and the sauces are above normal. Don't be scared if you don't speak English but knowing a little Spanish makes the experience better. If u live here u should speak Spanish anyways.
4	my new "to go place".  check out the chile rellenos.  just like my gramma would have made if she were Mexican.  unfortunately she was Scottish and made bangers and mash and things boiled in blood in a sheeps stomach.
4	This was an "Authentic" Mexican food place. "Authentic" meaning this is food made by Mexicans for Mexicans, and not by Gringos trying to make Mexican food! If you speak Spanish you'll be able to read everything on the menu and understand what the staff is saying. If not you'll get buy, but maybe you're not ready yet to try the Lengua or Menudo!Pricing was great - a variety of daily lunch specials are offered for around $5. And they offer free corn chips and salsa.
5	Got the #7 Enchilada and Burrito great food and great price.Wife got menudo said it was ok but I think menudo is disgusting anyways.
