4	This place looked very popular just from the amount of cars outside in the parking lot.  Inside however, they had plenty of room and sat us right away. They have a decent selection of fried/broiled fish along with some other meat selections as well.  (I'm just not one to order a steak at a place thats known for it's fried fish)The waiter was extremely friendly and attentive, we were quite pleased.All of the food was pretty good, we had the broiled Alaskan Whitefish, Blackend Talipia, popcorn shrimp and the Mac and Cheese.  Everything overall was pretty good.This is a great place to take the kids or a group to get your fried fish craving satisfied.
5	I was a little worried about this place, since it is in Fort Mill, it's called Capt. Steve's, and it was kind of cartoony.  To say I was very surprised when I actually started eating would be an under statement.  Nothing here was over fried, was fried nice and lightly.  I had the fried oysters, which were some of the best I've had, and yes, I live by the ocean.  Definitely worth the quick stop in, but beware of the crowds, they come in "schools".  Haha!
5	I love this place.   It reminds me of any of the large strip seafood joints in Myrtle Beach.  The place is ALWAYS packed, in fact, I cannot remember a time when I have driven by or enjoyed a meal, that the entire dining area was not full.The hush puppies are scrumptious and the friend shrimp was crisp and tasted fresh (I assume, I am not sure if fried shrimp can taste fresh).Be warned however, tons of breading and a fair share of grease will leave you feeling guilty and sad, but not until a few hours after the meal is over.  Well worth (on occasion) in my book.
5	Best fried seafood in Charlotte - absolutely HUGE portions and fresh.  Free baby hushpuppies at the table and the best service around.  Get there early, or you will be in line forever.  If you like oysters, the fried oysters are great.  Don't forget they are closed on Sundays and Mondays...
2	We decided to check this place out due to good word of mouth around my husband's workplace. My husband is a big seafood fan, and we moved to Charlotte from Florida- so we were eager to find a decent seafood restaurant.In terms of ambiance, it's a very large and somewhat noisy place. Decorations are sparse, limited to some painted wall murals and a few typical tidbits (fishing nets, etc hung here and there). I think the noise level displeased me more than the decor, but I'm not typically a snob about such things so that doesn't really factor into my rating.The meal started fine- their hush puppies are wonderful, the salad was delicious (and huge!) and the clam chowder wasn't bad either. Unfortunately we hit a major snag when we got to the main course. My husband's meal arrived fine (albeit after a somewhat lengthy wait, though I was willing to overlook that given we went on a Friday night and the place was pretty crowded), but my meal was nowhere to be found- apparently it was sent to another table by mistake, so we had to sit for another 20 minutes waiting on my dinner to be remade while my husband's food got cold. When it finally did arrive, the fish itself was fine but over-seasoned (I ordered the grilled Mahi-mahi) but I'd completely lost my appetite and did not really enjoy it at all. The onion rings it came with were disappointing as well, and the few french fries I stole off my husband's plate while we waited were not very good either- rather soggy and bland.I'd like to believe our poor experience was an anomaly based on the other reviews and the good things we'd heard about the place, but given the experience we had there I do not think we will be going back.
5	This is my favorite 'fish camp' ever!  Great food and great prices!This place is always packed, and for good reason.  Don't let the crowds deter you--the lines move quickly.  Bring the kids, pop-pop and everybody else--I don't know anyone who doesn't love Captain Steve's.  It's a diverse, family friendly crowd.Big glasses of sweet tea (or whatever you want, of course) and piles of hush puppies for everybody get us started.  There are numerous fried options on the menu, but also plenty of broiled and a few grilled choices too.  For many years, I ordered the grilled shrimp dinner (wayyyyy too many perfectly grilled and seasoned big shrimp, along with choice of fries or baked potato, and a really big and fresh side salad).  This was not on the menu but was sometimes a 'special;' but I learned that I could always get it if I just asked.  They're very accommodating when possible.  I think they may have added it to the menu.  It's my favorite.One surprisingly good thing on the menu is their appetizer of raw oysters.  I love raw oysters, although I'll admit I'm no expert.  I forget the price of their oysters, but I remember that it's really cheap, and you get a whole bunch--I think we counted 2 dozen once.  They do not come on the half-shell.  They're served on a little plate with a bowl of cocktail sauce in the middle, along with crackers, horseradish and lemon.  My husband and I always pig out on these to start off.  They do not serve alcohol, which is just fine.  I do drink, and I enjoy a drink/wine with or before my dinner; but it certainly isn't a requirement, and I don't miss it at this restaurant.If you're looking for fine dining, keeping driving.  But if you want some nice, all-around good fish-camp fare, this is it.  It's a little loud, but it's all happy family noises--you can certainly carry on a conversation comfortably.  It's just not the place to go for a quiet, cozy, romantic dinner.Captain Steve's also does take-out of (I think) anything on their menu.  We've done this several times, and it's always just as good and prompt as dining in.
5	We live right down the road and it is a dangerous thing!  I liked the review where the lady said take the kids and pop pop and everyone else.  So true!  My dad comes from Florida on his way to Virginia and I tried just once to buy other food to cook for him - stuffed pork chops from the Peach Stand!  Nope, I had to put them away and take him to Captain Steve's.  It is like that when anyone comes to visit.  Unless it is Sunday or Monday, just climb in the car and head on out.  I love the jumbo shrimp and scallops with a baked potato OR clam chowder with a shrimp salad.  Staff is quick, helpful and friendly.  Food is absolutely wonderful.  Maybe I will try the grilled shrimp next time.  Sounds yummy!  When we move to a new place, I ask about Italian and then seafood restaurants.  Sometimes I listen to their first answer but most of the time I tell them, Olive Garden and Red Lobster are not the answer!
4	let me start out by saying the amount of food they give you is awesome! the food is good and its not that expensive. there aren't too many places I go to and don't finish my plate. I seriously took a whole plate home (plus i don't typically eat leftovers) and ate the rest later that night. It was nice and clean and the atmosphere was nice. there was a birthday party going on so everyone was pretty chipper, they sang the birthday song. lol i was kind of excited too. Now here comes the bad part  (Idk why I've been having all these bad experiences....) for whatever reason the waitress was MIA the whole time we were there other than when she brought the food out. She didn't check up on us but maybe 1 time. Another waitress brought me soda then she came like 15mins later with a soda and had an attitude with me..i'm like but where have u been? lol it was not crowded in there and there were plenty of staff to assist. But hey I left with a full stomach anyway. lol
4	New to the area and not knowing a thing about Steve's, we stopped in for dinner because it looked local and it was busy.  Upon entering, I made the mistake of asking the host what their specialty was.  He looked at me blankly and said, "Uh, well....everything is fried".  He wasn't kidding!!  Not that I'm complaining mind you.  There are a few non-fried items on the menu, but after eating a thousand yummy hushpuppies with that sinful honey butter, who's counting calories??The entrees are standard fried seafood fare, so it's kind of hard to screw that up.  I think the Alaskan whitefish is especially yummy.  The catfish is not my favorite, as it is breaded differently than I am used to - meaning it doesn't have a cornmeal breading.  Portions are enormous.  Like truly, comically, enormous.  Not knowing this, first trip, hubs and I each ordered a meal and one for each of our kiddos.  We took home FOUR to go boxes full of food.  FOUR!!!  Great place to just let kids eat off your plate or share a meal.  Cons - this place is busy!  Since the restaurant is large, there always seem to be many large groups/parties and that can really slow service down.  It is also pretty noisy so if you prefer a quiet dining experience, Steve's is not for you.  Me, I have two small kids, so no sweat.  Decor is completely kitchsy in a fun kind of way.
4	I love this place. The food is great, service is quick and professional, and the prices are so reasonable!
4	Great fish house.  Loved it when I could eat fried food.  Better than most seafood houses at the Beach.
4	Captain Steve's is a great "fish camp" style restaurant serving very good food and in very generous portions! There is plenty of parking and the restaurant has lots of room inside! It does get loud with a lot of "echo" such that it can be difficult to hear those speaking around you! Much of their menu centers around fried seafood which is obviously what most people are coming to get! Just look around and you'll see the heaping plates of fried seafood seeing served all around you! But, as one who is trying to be mindful of calories, I can tell you that there are other preparation options available (Grilled, Blackened, etc.). Yesterday I had a combination of Blackened Grouper and Blackened Mahi Mahi. I would heartily recommend both of these items!! My family had fried seafood platters, combinations of various items. All were prepared well and everyone enjoyed what they ordered. In particular, there were compliments on the fried oysters! And, as always, there was enough to allow for take-home boxes after we were finished. I will say that the reason I didn't offer 5 stars is because there were not hardly any options for side veggies. They have slaw and you can get a salad of course. Other than that, you pick from potato products and/or fried onion rings. I would recommend considering some vegetable options to accompany the baked, broiled, and grilled seafood options. This restaurant gets very crowded and there can be quite a long line of people waiting to get inside. Don't forget that they have takeout behind the restaurant.
3	Unless you can seriously shovel some food in your mouth, I'd suggest splitting a meal.  I ordered the Alaskan Whitefish and got 5 (you read that right), 5 filets.  Accompanying my filets were a bunch of onion rings, hush puppies and slaw.  The prices are very fair and the service was great for a place that had over 100 (yes, you read that right too), 100 cars in the parking lot.  The food is what you'd expect from any fish camp, but the portions are ginormous.  The atmosphere is busy...very busy!Try:  The MahiAvoid:  Ordering for kids (Let them eat off your plate)
5	This place is a wonderful fish camp. Great fried food, large entrees (recommend sharing) , great service. A cool place to people watch too
4	Good food, very casual dinning atmosphere, excellent service. This place does a great business.  When we arrived, the parking lot was very busy. When we got inside, there were about 30 people in line, but they had us seated in less than 10 minutes. The staff couldn't have been friendlier and our experience overall was excellent. Go and enjoy!
4	Wow. This place is really a find. The portions are enormous. Selection is great. Get here early though the place fills quickly. I was with a large bus of people & they were on the ball. Everyone had a take home box & we all were full to our eyeballs. Very good food
4	It is not often that I am in the mood for a fishcamp but my grandparents love this place, so we gathered up the whole family to take my Grandfather there for a birthday celebration. I was pleasantly suprised to find that this place is so much better than the fishcamps that my family took me to when I was growing up. This place sure packs them in for dinner on the weekend, so be prepared for a wait if you go during "prime-time".   They are not open on Sunday or Monday, so keep that in mind if you're planning a visit. As with traditional southern fishcamps, your choice of beverages is pretty limited. Sweet tea is the house "wine". The hushpuppies with honey-butter are addictive, so be sure to save room for your meal! The food is plentiful and good.  If you are not in the mood for fried food, they have a decent selection of broiled options. I went for the broiled whole flounder platter with a baked potato & side salad ($16.95).  If you're looking for good old fashioned southern fishcamp fare, this is the place to come!
5	??? did you follow me, to see if I was gonna do it.. Well... I've done it.This is another place that my job at the time used often. We would have about 8 orders from my job at the time.I almost wanna write 2 reviews so the place could get 10 stars from me. I love this place. (check the open and closing time).This place has been around for a many years. Actually has a 2nd location. Everytime I speak on this place, I tell ppl that they will bring you a TO-GO BOX when they bring your food out b/c YOU WILL NOT finish the food. Salt & Pepper fish, shrimpNot sure why in the south ordering Tea is heard as... "PLEASE BRING ME BROWN SUGAR WATER...PLEASE...PLEASE"... no biggie, its the norm around these parts. No knock on this place. I always get the Create you Combo... 3 for (I forgot how much) instead of the Create Your Own 2 for (I forgot how much) your choice of BROILED, FRIED, BLACKENDDifferent choices of Fish, Scallops, Oysters, Shrimp,Scallops are huge, Oysters are ummm OysterYHushpuppies are good... (I usually only eat 3 or 4...don't want to get full off fried bread balls)-----   Only knock on this place is the PARKING LOT.......... ROCKS/DIRT. I just washed my car, all shiny and sparkley, tires lookin wet...UNTILLLLLLLLLLL!!!! EKK EKKK EKKKKKI hit the parking lot. This location in S.C. probably offers MORE food to plate ratio. (since its the original location). I often ordered the Crab Legs to go from the SC location. I'll think I'll write a review on the other location as well.  (CTRL + C, CTRL V) this article. Go Enjoy
5	Best Deep-Fried Clam Strips I have eaten since Howard Johnson served them!Last Friday I was here at 3:55pm (they open promptly at 4:00) there was a crowd already gathered at the door like a Weird Ul Concert - Out aged by all the patrons by several decades I easily pushed my way to be first in line, only to be caught holding the door for everyone except those in Wheelchairs and scooters (they were the only ones who did not trust me), once inside I decided not to run past everyone and grab a table without a hostesses assistance.The SMALL "Fried Clam Strips" Dinner was a little over $8.00 with taxes added!  This "Small" was plenty of food (when you see my photo you can see how it is stacked) Stacked High on a large plate!  Five Stars for Value!These fried Clams are probably frozen before they are deep fried, though they are still much better than most - A light color of batter and the thinness of the batter combined with the perfectly cooked (not the overly cooked too crispy you see in many places) then piled high on my plate made a great dinner! Onion Rings, FRESH not frozen - that is worth some stars!  The flavor was good (not great) probably because everything is cooked in the same oil so some of the flavors are transferred!  The batter was good on these and like the clams they were perfectly cooked!The Hush Puppies were A-OK, as in 3 yelp stars and no more, still better than many and only a few that I have tasted were a lot better!The lady serving me was good at explaining that the Small dinner was quite large and if I wanted extra clams to make it a "large" food after I finished the Small they could add the difference - Great suggestion, though the small was plenty!
4	Wow, this place is busy but copes very well with it. The portions are HUGE!!! Reasonably priced with great friendly service. I do recommend this place.
2	All kids meals are fried except the pasta marinara. No substitutions. Plan on buying an adult meal for your kids if you want to give them something a little healthier.
5	Awesome food and great prices. Captain Steve's is one of my favorite places to eat. Better go early, they fill up fast, especially on the weekend.
4	Favorite part of the meal - hush puppies and sweet tea! I think i can just eat that for dinner.
3	Had high hopes for this place after reading all the reviews and seeing the packed parking lot. However, the food was surprisingly not that great and neither was the service. Our waitress was far from being friendly and the flounder was not very good. Almost everything is fried, so be prepared for that. Wish they had more "side" and less fried options.
4	Went for dinner tonight and it was nice to go on a night when there isn't a million people there.  Party of 6, we were sat right away and greeted by our server.  I had the grilled choice of 2 with flounder and grilled jumbo shrimp.  For $13.95 this is hands down one of the best values in town for seafood.  3 large fillets of nicely seasoned fish and like 8 or 9 grilled jumbo shrimp which was perfectly cooked and seasoned well.  Baked Potato, salad and some of the best hushpuppies around.  Here's my thing, I don't like regular hushpuppies because their mostly overly fried and bland.  Captain Steve's are fried, but they have a hint of onion in their mix which makes them delectable.This is truly one of the hidden gems of this area and should not be missed.
4	In south Charlotte for a meeting and had looked up a restaurant...turned out to be closed.....sooooo, it was off to YELP for help.Cap'n Steve's showed up on the radar.   It was just over the border and seemed to have decent reviews so I headed down.   The place was packed on this Thursday night but they had me seated in short order and I had a basket of hush puppies on my table before I could actually settle.  These little mini pups were tasty (I've had better....by my own hand) but a pleasant surprise for free.  The waitress was friendly and quick despite the crowd.Food runner was out before I could even take in the atmosphere.. .. before me he sat a massive plate of fried goodness (including even more mini pups).  Shrimp were large and plump, scallops were tender and oysters were smooth.I never had to wait for refills and it's always nice when a managerial type stops by to check on your experience.Overall a good value, fast & friendly service and well worth the drive.
5	I remember the first time someone brought me to Captain Steve's...I didn't really think to much of it; thought it would most likely taste like the Mayflower.  I was pleasantly surprised when they brought out my plate.  I ordered the baby shrimp w/fries and they were literally overflowing from the plate.  When we eat here we always have food left over for about two days. I ususally order the shrimp (baby or jumbo) and the bf always orders the catfish strips (salt and peppered).  The one thing that you'll remember is how fresh the food taste (and how much of it you get).  The flavor is full but not overpowering and the prices are fairly decent.  I've been when it was slow and when it was at full compacity but not once did I ever have to really wait for my food nor compromise good service.  For the two of us (one drink and one water w/lemon) our bill ususally come to about $24.00 (taxes included).I also want to mention that they bring you out a basket of homemade hushpuppies with honey butter (complimentary) and they bring you out even more with your order.  They are delishious!  I also enjoy their homemade tarter sauce (just the right amout of horseradish sauce), its not too bitter or sweet.  It's already on your table along with shrimp cocktail so you can use as much as you like and not have to worry about asking the server to keep bringing you more. The only down side to this place is that it's not open on Sundays and Mondays.  I found out the hard way by driving from the University side of Charlotte to Fort Mill South Carolina only to discover it was closed.  I know that there is also one off of Independence but for some reason I'm partial to only going to this one.If you want fresh seafood, a nice helping, at a good price...then I truly recommend giving this place a try...you want be dissappointed :)
4	Really good.  Somewhat reminded me of a pre-1970s military mess hall:  large, must seat 300+, sparse decorations and lots of food.You don't have to have fried food, as they serve the seafood broiled, grilled Cajan, etc.  And there are plenty of options other than seafood, like my wife, who had an excellent steak.You can mix and match your entrees.  I had the grilled scallops and shrimp and the scallops outnumbered the shrimp, which surprised me.  Salads are large, hush puppies are small marble sized and simply excellent.  they have red and white tartar sauces on the table and I found the white so flavorful that I put is on my hush puppies.Service was superb and continual re-fills of beverages.  And seek the wait people for advise on which method of cooking is best for whatever seafood you order.  They know.No problem with children and large groups.  If on Friday or Saturday night you better arrive early or you will wait.  We are local so go on the week days.A real southern experience that you will enjoy.
5	Amazing service from Diana!!  The food was hot, fresh and plentiful and so delicious and you get so much for the money.  I highly recommend!
1	Everything tastes exactly the same. The most popular item(s) on the menu is the combination platters. They have several options and you can pick 2, pick 3, etc. All come with french fries and hush puppies. I like my variety and the ability to choose, but in the end, it doesn't really matter. No matter what you order it all tastes exactly the same; which is deep fried, greasy bread crumbs. The fish is tasteless, the chicken is tasteless, the shrimp is tasteless, everything on your plate including the fries and hush puppies taste the same.The inside is extremely noisy and bland. It looks like your sitting on the inside of a elementary school gym. When you open the front door you're immediately standing in a line as if you're getting onto an amusement park ride or you're going through security at the airport. When you're finished with your meal, it's back in the line again at the front to pay.The staff is extremely unpleasant. Since they have a "shared waiter / waitress" system they are not working for tips so they can care less about being nice or helpful. to sum it all up: Quantity over Quality.If you're in the mood for deep fried bread crumbs and don't want to talk to anybody and want to be forced out of your seat in 20 minutes.....then you'll love Captain Steve's. Honestly, save yourself the money and the headache of being herded like cattle and go to Captain D's. If you're like me and think Captain D's is disgusting then you'll definitely not enjoy Captain Steve's.After going 3 times I'm calling for mutiny
4	This was my first visit to Captain Steve's and I was excited to try this restaurant, as it has received rave reviews from my friends whom I was visiting in Fort Mill from Miami.When I we sat at the table, we were greeted with two basket fills of mini hush puppies accompanied by sweet butter sauce. It has been a while since I've had hush puppies and to my delight they were ta-sty! I chose grilled scallops as my entree, however had a nice sized bit of my friend's grilled Greek style flounder. Who knew that flounder topped with greek salad toppings would be so good. My scallops were grilled to perfection, with a little squeeze of fresh lemon. The baked potato was also cooked wonderfully and everything washed down well with the sweet tea.The ambiance was great for a family dinner, but I wouldn't suggest it for a romantic night out due to the noise level. Also, be prepared to walk through gravel and dirt when you walk to the establishment, as the parking lot is not paved. Overall, this restaurant proves to be a great experience. So you want a wonderful seafood experience, you must check this place out!
4	This was my first visit to Captain Steve's and I was very impressed! Whew! This place stays rocking!! I loved it!!! It's a very laid back atmosphere with tons of people and lots of food! Before my friend and I even sat down my mouth was watering just seeing the plates coming out the kitchen. Once we were seated, our waitress appeared with that delicious basket of hush puppies and honey butter....simply delicious! They were bite size pieces so you could just dip them in the butter and pop them in your mouth and before you know it the entire basket is empty. Great way to start the meal! For dinner, we both chose the salt and pepper catfish tenders which comes with french fries, cole slaw and more of those yummy hush puppies. Ok, so seriously it's been said in all the previous reviews but I have to agree portion size here should never be a problem for anyone. These plates come out STACKED with food. So trust me, you will need a to go box.  The catfish was delicious. It was hot when it came out and seasoned really well. I liked that it was not just skinny tenders strips but l huge cuts of catfish battered and fried...just right! The fries and slaw were very tasty as well. Overall, it was a really tasty meal. The price was right, the service was great and the food was delicious. Definitely will be going back!
5	I have been visiting this restaurant for years now. If you love seafood as I do, Captain Steve's should be a great seafood place for you. As mentioned in other reviews her, you will be needing a to-go box as the servings are HUGE! Although the majority of the dishes are fried, Captain Steve's also offer broiled options as well. My favorite is the salt and peppered fried cat fish nuggets which are real catfish chunks cooked to perfection. Captain Steve's is one of the very few restaurants who can fry perfect flounder perfectly due to is fragility. The butterfly shrimp is good too and really plump. They give you tons of popcorn shrimp with each entree. If you love onion rings, these are the best! But most of all, what you will immediately notice is how fresh the seafood tastes. If you've ever eaten at a seafood restaurant near the ocean, then you know that fresh taste I speak of. Captain Steve's seafood is comparable to coast seafood restaurants. And this is the main reason why I keep returning and taking friends ind in town visitors. No one I've take has been disappointed yet!
3	Good Atmosphere
5	Always great - nothing left to say.....  Well okay, i hate the line!!!,  maybe we should all leave bad reviews to cut down our wait time
4	We had a ladie's group of about fifty or so for lunch and the service was great or food was abundant and tasty and we had our own private room! The lunch portions are HUGE! I had fried baby shrimp and my leftovers looked like more than I ate! I loved the hushpuppies and the tartar sauce was delicious (and I am finicky about mine)Our waitress was awesome and I thought she handled our table of eight superbly! The only " complaint" was that our bill was done by the table and we had to split it at the cashier prompting us all to leave at once or return the ticket to the others. Not a huge deal but a tad inconvenient.
5	Everything I said in 2010 still holds true.  I dare you to find a better seafood restaurant (fish camp) even in an ocean town.  Hushpuppies with honey butter - YUM!  One night they have all you can eat crab legs.  Or you get half an order for around $14 anytime.  That is my new fave - half order with clam chowder.  What are you still sitting there for?  If it's not Sunday or Monday - GO!  GO!
1	I have been excited to check this place out for months.  Unfortunately my excitement ended after the hush puppies.  I ordered the Mahi Mahi blackened, with a baked potato and salad.  The salad was alright, the Mahi Mahi obviously was frozen as it was dry and my onion rings.  Oh wait I didn't order onion ring but that is what I received.  So I asked them to bring out my baked potato.  I opened it up and I know the saying " a little dirt never hurt" but since they were baked the dirt turned to mud and it was all over my potato in clumps.  Needless to say I didn't eat it, sent it back and they offered me another salad as a courtesy.  Which I declined. I wanted so bad to like this place, since it is hard to get my wife to go to any place that specializes in seafood.    The hush puppies were really good, but it is hard not to like deep fried corn cornmeal batter covered in honey butter.  Other than that, it was nice that kids eat free on Wednesday's which was the only saving grace of this meal that I didn't have to pay for their meals.
5	We had a GREAT experience here. Coming from coastal VA it has been difficult trying to find a seafood restaurant that reminded me of home, until we ate here. Seafood is fresh and that has been hard to find. Our meals came out hot & fast. Our waiter was exceptional. It is also great to see a staff that works so well together.  We will definitely be back.
5	So yumFantastic wait staff, amazing portions, affordable prices. Always take home leftovers.
4	How do they do it?  Huge dining areas, bustling servers, massive quantities of food and it all comes together.  Menu is simple:  fried, deep fried or broiled.There are even non-seafood items to satisfy nothing from the ocean eaters, like my wife.  Everyone can find something to eat at Steve's.Try to come early on peak eating times, like Friday and Saturday nights.  Other nights are not a mob scene.  That said, they do get people seated pretty quick.And if you have people from outside the South, this is a place to show them a uniquely southern experience.  We have taken new-comers, Germans and visitors and everyone enjoys it.
4	Extremely busy restaurant. They move you quickly so dont let that deter you. The food is very good. Great price point and large portions. This is not a fancy place but the service is great and the wait staff very friendly.
4	Ate here for the 1st time as I just recently moved to Charlotte.  Foods soo good.  And the portion sizes are humongous.  Get the pick 2 off the "small" side of the menu.  And nothing about it was small.  Was more than enough for me. The service was great,  had no complaints!   Definitely will be returning!
2	If you're looking for a lot of food for the money this place is great as the portions are huge.  But unless you like the fried frozen variety of seafood you won't be satisfied.  The non-fried stuff I've ordered has been pretty blah.  Parking is a nightmare during prime times, as are the wait-times for a table, so go in off-hours for sure.
4	One of the best 'fish camps' I've patronized. My first experience was take-out. My friend suggested this place when I came to visit. During this visit to Charlotte, she asked if I was hungry and I requested the fish camp (couldn't remember the name). When we arrived we were seated immediately. The staff was very friendly. The restaurant is noisy but it's a fun noise. The food is seasoned well and the portions are huge! You will have leftovers. The hush puppies and honey spread are a treat. They should be a sin LOL. My friend will definitely enjoy my leftovers - it's another meal!
5	Fantastic fried seafood.  The hush puppies are fantstic!!  And served with honey spread!!  Very addicive.  Very popular and usually a wait but the lone goes fast.
1	The food is real bad. Actually I didn't realize that the fish I ate was no good and became very sick from it. Also don't get the oyster soup I took one lick and sent it back. It's like eating watered down butter with oysters incorporated into it. Highly highly highly recommend CAPTAIN D's ;)
4	On Wednesdays, during lunch hours, 2 kids eat free with one adult entree. The catfish is awesome (don't get salt and pepper unless you like your food REALLY salty) and all you can eat hush puppies are to die for!
2	After all the hype I figured we would try captain Steve's ...I must say it was OK at best nothing special as far as I'm concerned the steak was over cooked and the shrimp was average at best...no kidding this place is seriously loud ...kids ...kids and more screaming kids .... It's basically the chuckie cheese equivalent of pizza of the seafood world ...enough said I would recommend either chain ...bonefish or red lobster is way better ...just being honest I would never go there again
5	The BEST seafood restaurant that I've been to in a while, hands down! I had the opportunity to order some take out and it was delicious! I highly recommend the Jumbo Shrimp and the Cole Slaw! Hopefully next time I'm in the area I will eat inside of  the restaurant. It seemed like a very popular family restaurant.
3	I've eaten in twice, eaten take-out here several times.  The food I can't fault.  It's tasty, even taking it home, and I don't think any fish camp could match it.  Seriously, if you want take out fish, this IS the place, bar none.  The reason it loses two stars is the seating inside the restaurant.  One time we went we were put in a smaller dining room and the experience was very pleasant.  Enough room between tables and we could hear each other from across the table.  The other time we ate in the main dining room and HOLY CARP!  You can't hear yourself think!  The tables are stacked one on top of the other, and it makes you think that every person in Fort Mill is hearing impaired, because there's a LOT of shouting and hideously loud talking in that room!  I had such a headache when I left the actual enjoyment of the food had been long lost.  I think I'll stick to take out from now on and save on the Advil!  I've been in crowded fish camps before and NONE of them were as intolerable as the main dining room at Captain Steve's!
4	As a new resident to the area I kept asking everyone what was a place most tourists don't know about that is a great place to eat and almost everyone told me Captain Steve's.  I am happy to say I was not disappointed at all.  Upon a recommendation I ordered the captains platter with catfish, fried oysters, scallops, deviled crap, fried baby shrimp, and hush puppies.  Without a doubt the best scallops I have had in years!  And the fried oysters were absolute perfection.  I could not even eat the catfish until the next day there was so much food, but it's was great as well.  The only reason I did not give 5 stars is like many of the reviews the noise levels are very loud, but I guess it's from everyone talking how great the food is!  If you are wondering should you try it or not.. Wonder no more!  I will definitely be going back!
1	I have been eating here for years, and have watched the quality go downhill for several years now. My wife and I just had dinner there, and it will be our last time. They put us in the back room where a group of 35 to 40 were having a birthday party. They were extremely loud and boisterous, we could not carry on a conversation across the table. The service was slow, and the quality of the food was poor. The acoustics in this place are on a par to a rented mini-storage unit, low ceilings and no attempt to moderate the noise level. We complained to the manager, who apologized and said we should have asked to be moved. I replied that we should have been asked if we minded being in the middle of a loud birthday celebration, but this was lost on her, won't be a problem again. If you like mediocre food and lousy ambiance then this is the place for you. If you actually want to talk to your dinner companion and have an enjoyable dining experience then look elsewhere.
3	I don't eat fish but my family does. My husband & daughter said the fried catfish is awesome! I got a steak which sucked. Everything on the menu is fried & there isn't one healthy thing offered. It's basically a heart attack in the making. Even the salad came loaded with cheese & bacon. If your even the least concerned about your health you will leave feeling guilty.
3	Eeeeeehhhhhh, not too exciting. My boyfriend likes it but I am not too fond. And our last server wasn't too fantastic.
4	Large portions, good prices, friendly and efficient staff - this is the place for a good, very informal seafood meal.  Large menu variety with multiple cooking choices.  Kid welcoming and easily accommodating larger groups.  We'll be back. Did not see any outdoors seating accommodations . Lunch menu weekdays, but closed Mondays.
