4	Great inexpensive cleaners.  Probably the cheapest place I know of for men's shirts and women's blouses.  Fast, friendly service.  They can also do basic alterations.
5	They do a great job! My old dry cleaner was always destroying buttons on my shirts. Never happens at Titan. Friendly staff, too. Also, good place to have alterations & shoe repairs next door...in the back of a barber shop.
5	Great cleaners! They cleaned our church choir robes and we will head back when they need to be cleaned again. Titan's employees were friendly and did the job quickly. Very professional work. Will definitely use them again!
5	I don't usually take the time to write reviews unless it's super deserving.  In this case it is.SituationI have been taking my cleaning to Titan for 5+ years now with never a missing garment, button or ...beat.   The staff is efficient, quick and helpful.  Recently I brought in a hardly worn expensive jacket and it came back with the elastic gone in the sleeves and the structure of the fabric gone. It was huge on me.  I took it back to the store who blamed the cleaners; the cleaners said it was the garment.  In the end, the store gave me only half the value which I reported back to Titan's manager.  She was great about communicating throughout the process, keeping me informed of what was happening on their end so I knew they weren't ignoring my problem.  SolutionThough their insurance doesn't cover this, she offered to make good on the other half in compensation that worked for both of us.  What could have been a negative or nasty ordeal was friendly, pleasant and ultimately satisfactory for both sides.  I can't recommend them enough - and your cleaning bills will be at least half of what you're paying elsewhere!
4	This is a very solid and reliable dry cleaner and has been for years.
1	no press shirts came back with wrinkles! how do you do that? these are work shirts that you don't even have to press....these guys sent them back to me with wrinkles in them....run away....
