4	Hidden in the corner of a strip mall, coming across Miles Bake Shop and Hawaiian Food is purely an accident - but a good one.  However, there are plenty of people in the know who know exactly where to find this place and they keep coming back for more.  As you approach the glass doors, you can't help but notice all the various handwritten posters advertising what's for sale.  And what is for sale then?  Hawaiian food - plate lunches, desserts, poke, etc.We walked in hesitantly, not sure what to expect.  Four guys were hanging out around a table and one of them got up and greeted us.  He headed to the counter and offered us a "long john" because, as he said, we looked hungry and it looked like we couldn't make a proper decision on what to order if we were hungry.  I sheepishly accepted this "long john" and bit into a lovely pastry filled with sweet egg custard cream.  Yum.  The Husband sunk his teeth into his own "long john" and we looked over the lunch menu posted on the dry erase board.* Chicken Katsu Plate Lunch ($8.25) - It came with two scoops of rice and a scoop of mac salad.  The Husband said it was good - crispy, lots of texture, and mostly made up of dark  meat.  It definitely had a nice crunch to it.* Chili Plate Lunch ($8.25) - Mine also came with two scoops of rice and a scoop of mac salad.  I'm not sure what makes this "Hawaii-style" chili, as it was described. But it was tasty, although a bit too salty. All orders are technically to go, but if you're nice, they may let you enjoy your meal at the one of two tables inside.  Dennis, the owner, sat down to chat with us and he is super friendly.  Another regular also chatted with us too while we enjoyed our lunch.  We saw quite a few regulars show up - for poke, malasadas, etc.  We even got to sample some of the poke too, which we appreciated.Right now, it's just this one location - but there are plans for a couple more.  They've been at this location for a little over a year, although they've been in business at other places for many years prior.Overall, Miles Bake Shop and Hawaiian Food has a lot on their plate.  Serving up plate lunches, sweet desserts, and tasty poke makes them pretty popular.  Their daily specials change and they do run out, so call ahead if you have your favorites.  (They were out of the lau lau yesterday, and I'm curious about  their pastele.)  But you really can't beat the aloha spirit and friendliness that is spilling out of this place!3.5 stars
3	I learned about this place from here, Yelp. I live close to that place and pass by it everyday and have never noticed it. It used to be a donut store / bakery before this though and it looks like they left all of the fixtures behind from the previous owners and they sort of use them here. I walked it and there was literally one table in there and it looked like it was donated from someone's backyard and not only was there only one table but it seemed like people working there or friends/family of the people working there were taking that space up. The place was fairly messy quite honestly. It looked like someones home kitchen if they were throwing a party on 4th of July. If you look behind the counter, you see a bunch of bowls everywhere, the dude that was preparing my order was looking for the scoop spoon everywhere found it on the counter and washed it, rather, rinsed it off before he scooped the macaroni into my box, plus it took me about 5 minutes before he even took my order and there was only one person before me and on top of that, one of the people that was sitting at that table kept going back behind the counter to get stuff and never even acknowledged me.I finally get to the counter to make my order. I ordered the Chicken Katsu. That's pretty much what I judge a Hawaiian restaurant by, how good their Chicken Katsu is. The guy that took my order prepared the rice and macaroni in my box while the cooks made the chicken... Then, almost as soon as he put the rice and mac in my box, he grabs his beer and steps outside for a moment to finish off his beer. I waited for about 10 minutes until the cook actually came out an bagged my food for me and called the guy back in to ring me up.The first thing the guy says "I don't care how busy it gets, if it's time for a beer, I need my beer". This was at about 4pm. He was cool the whole time though. It's not like he was belligerent or not courteous, but not exactly what I would consider good service. Still, I got no beef with that guy or that place. I ordered the Chicken Katsu lunch plate and it's probably some of the best Chicken Katsu I've had. Definitely better than what L&L has to offer, but nothing makes me want to go back there. If someone were to bring me food from there I would enjoy it but to go there and just see the place that looks so run down and the wait just doesn't seem worth it.
4	4 stars for the malasadas only. Will reserve the last star until I can get some Miles' plate lunches, pasteles, and poke! My relatives flew in from Honolulu & brought me the requisite dozen of Leonard's malasadas- plain, cinnamon, haupia, & lilikoi-filled. We reheated them in the microwave and while not as good as fresh from the bakery, it was a mighty satisfying breakfast with a strong cup of Kona coffee. Fast forward five days and I am in Vegas and cousin Leslie says that Miles Bake Shop from Nanakuli is in Las Vegas. Oh yeah! "They have malasadas, custard-filled too, sooooooo ono." I have to try them. I'd complained about the "malasadas" in Torrance or Gardena where it tastes like they deep fried them in the same hot oil used to fry shrimp, egg rolls, and other "Chinese food." Those "malasadas" went straight into the trash can in the parking lot. Miles' malasadas went straight to my heart! Delicious, fluffy, eggy, sweet puffs of perfectly fried dough. Yum. The custard filled ones were also delicious, although a little on the heavy side. Good--- a generous portion of custard. Bad--- probably a lot more calories, etc. But I was in Vegas, damnit. I stuffed down two of them anyway. At the risk of being scandalous--- better than Leonard's. Call ahead, cousin Leslie warned, they run out of stuff.
3	I used to go to this place when it was located in Green Valley a few years ago...It's too far from me now so I have not gone to this new location. However, when it was my B-Day (Sister's too) I decided I wanted a Guava cake from them. My sister picked it up...She said she did not like that it was near a Pet Store but decided to look past that (you can't help who rents the space near you!!!).The owner was nice and gave my sister a few Long Johns (custard filled long donuts) to try - she said it was very good. A person who walked in told my sister that he has the best cream puffs....The cake was yummy-I wish the chiffon cake was guava and not just the Guava filling with white chiffon cake, other than that it was very good and the owners were very nice. I would go on a regular basis if their location was closer...
4	This is where I get my shoyu poke from when I need my quick fix.  The fish is usually fresh and, although a little pricey, gets the job done.  I also got my birthday cake from here (which was the dobash chocolate cake) and it was almost an exact replica of the cake I used to eat on my birthday when I was young.  I wish they had some veggies stuffs for lunch or like a mahi plate that I can get but they haven't yet.  But, the "aunty" in the back was nice enough to give me some malasadas with my poke a few times.  The malasadas aren't like the Leonards malasadas from Hawai'i, but they taste pretty good anyway.
