5	Went in today for the first time upon recommendation from a friend. Decided to get the deluxe pedicure(the most expensive of the the three spa pedicures they offer). From the start i was treated warmly, with respect, and the lady did a wonderful job. it closed with a paraffin dip on my feet, which made them feel amazing. Keep up the great work. i will definitely be going back here.
1	NOT a good place to get ur nails done. Unfriendly customer service skills. The hostess at the door doesnt even take her eyes from her cell phone when she barks instructions to you.   I shoulda left then but the place looked nice and clean besides that. Got a pedicure. I dont think the male tech knows what hes doing. They claim that the credit card reader wont allow you to leave a tip. How is that possible? Never come here!
4	I really liked this place! They have several options for pedicures-some organic products even used. But, the REAL reason I was so impressed by this place was the quality of their manicure!How many times have you gotten a manicure and like, literally, that week your nails chipped? (the answer is all the time) So, imagine my surprise when my manicure lasted almost 2 weeks! This is the regular run of the mill manicure that I received and it was awesome.Everything else was pretty standard for a salon--the people were really nice, it was clean, etc.My only tip: the new hot trend is to offer a free beverage ;) Just a tip.
5	Just stopped here on a whim because of so many holiday events coming up and my nails were in desperation of some attention. Couldn't be happier and can't wait to go back. Lin did an amazing job on my mani/pedi. She took her time and kept the store open late making sure not to rush my nails. Highly recommend!!
1	I will not be returning to the nail salon. The manicurist was careless about her work. My nails were filed unevenly. The cuticles were not removed effectively--as a professional should do. When she filed my nails she did not leave the edges smooth at all, instead thin nail shavings attached to my nail were left there as she applied the polish. The polish was not applied evenly nor did it cover the entire nail. This was not a professional manicure at all. It was not worth the $15 plus tip. This is unfortunate because they are in a central location, but I will not be returning.
5	I have only ever gotten gel manicures here - but I love this place. They do the best gel manicures, hands down, of any nail salon I have visited in Pittsburgh. The one I have now has lasted 3 weeks! Every single time, my gel manis - as promised - last the full 2 weeks or more. They remember me whenever I come in, are warm and friendly, and always fit me in even if they're busy. Great place!
4	Only been there for waxing services - they quickly and efficiently waxed my eyebrows, chin, lip, and sides of my face (I know, gross) for 30 bucks.  What a steal!  Parking can be a PITA in this plaza - there are specially marked spots just for the salon, though, if you can snag one.I'll be back and I think I'll give them a try for mani/pedis....keep you posted.
2	I must say I'm a bit annoyed from the result I got at Luxury Nails. The polish has lasted me a week so far (which is great), but my cuticles are a mess. I get a sheer color for my nails normally, and so the cuticles are a big thing for me. However, polish is lasting so the cuticles I can deal with.However, I'm super annoyed with my pedicure. The tech had cut legit wedges on each side of my toenail (where the nail folds into the toe) for each of my toes. She then proceeded to painfully pluck those parts! It has been almost a week, and some of my toes are sore, like cut-too-close-sore. So my toes have been annoying me for a week.During each service, the amount of lotion used to massage my hands and legs were meager, and therefore the massage was short and half-assed. Needless to say, I will not be returning.
3	After reading the reviews and realizing my usual nail salon is now closed on Sundays, I decided to give this salon a chance. The salon is neat, clean, and quiet. The nail technician was very thorough. The price seems reasonable for the time spent. However, they seem woefully understaffed. Had I not walked in at just the right time I would have waited 30 minutes. The nail polish is old and needs to be updated.
