1	I went here and boy was I disappointed. I read the reviews before going and thought this was a good derm. Firstly, the place was a run down office. Secondly, the staff was rude. Third, the derm Dr Schrieber was rushing, hasty and made a 1 second "diagnosis" of my skin condition. I am no expert, but I'm not a dummy and I know that a true diagnosis of a skin condition requires a little more than a quick glance as many skin conditions coincide with each other as far as looks. He did not listen to what I had to say, did not care about finding out what could be causing my issues. He just prescribed me steroid creams as a generic 'solution'. The prescriptions were photocopies... The issue affects my whole body. I was given 60 grams of cream to apply two times a day for 3 weeks. I went through 20 grams a day and that was being extra careful with the application. So $60 on creams and $110 on a visit wasted, I did not see any improvement using the creams at all. I also got a side effect as a lot of sweating on my upper lip. It took me about a month and a half to recover from the steriods which I have read are only a temporary cover up of a condition. A true doctor doesn't just prescribe steriod creams without fully knowing what they are treating and what may be causing the skin condition. Extremely disappointed and I WON'T BE GOING BACK!
1	I wish I had seen the review by Christopher before coming to this establishment. The one star is for the front office staff who I felt did a great job. On the other hand Dr. Schrieber was exactly as described by Christopher. Not only did he rush through the diagnostic, but treated us like imbeciles. I can translate perfectly, but perhaps the doctor should learn how to pay attention to the questions being posed by the patient and to the conversation matter taking place. I won't be returning to this office and will seek another dermatologist to treat the problem.
5	I've been in to see Dr. Schreiber three times. My husband much more than that. I have also brought in two of my children. I have always had a good experience.  He has been great to me and good with the kids.  As a mom worried about her children I can tell you he has given me true peace of mind.  *He was willing to come in on his day off when I was to take my daughter to his partner just to put my mind at ease.  *I didn't want surgery so he gave me choices to try first...and supplied me with free samples to get me through. *He had to preform a last minute procedure on another patient and apologized twice and checked in with me just to make sure I was ok.  * With skin cancer being very prevalent in my family he could see my stress and really made a point to put my mind at ease. *Called me immediately with my biopsy resultsAll I can say is all the experiences with Advanced Dermatology by myself, my husband and two of my children have all been very good ones.  I think combined we've had over 20 visits....all good ones.  We love Dr. Schreiber.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Schreiber since moving here to Las Vegas 4 yrs ago.  He is a bit quirky and his office is a little old, but the man is very good.  He moves at a very quick pace which sometimes bothers some of his patients.  I was so lucky to find him.  He discovered a pre-cancerous patch of skin on the back of my arm that i did not even know was there.  His army of assistants took care of everything I needed.  Each of my multiple visits had very little wait time, which is important to me.   I highly recommend Dr Schreiber to everyone. He is fast, thorough, and very serious about his profession.  So his office is a little old.  No big deal.  I would rather have a good Doctor who takes care of business, rather than one who cares more about the drapes in the waiting room.  As far as I am concerned, "He is the man"
1	If I could give less than one star, I would. The staff was rude and uninterested in any of the 10 people waiting to be seen.  I waited an hour and 45 minutes before being being taken back to the exam room, but in all fairness, they did squeeze me in last minute. I don't mind waiting, but when I did see the doctor (after 35 minutes more of waiting in the exam room), he wouldn't perform the cyst injection that I specifically called and asked if he would perform before going in. He said "the front desk doesn't always have the right answer". They refunded my payment, but wasted most of my day. I also think it's bad form to blame your staff. The person I spoke with on the phone said she asked him (while I was on hold) if he would perform the injection and he said yes - whether that's true or not, I don't know. Either way, I'd avoid this place!
2	This is probably the second to last dermatologist on your list of doctors to see. This is a long delayed review, but I had out my experiences in the back of my mind until we met a strange character, Dr. Saul from AD at a Yelp event earlier this month.The last time I saw Dr. Schreiber was over a year ago when I went to him for a reoccurring rash I had on my stomach (which would spread to other parts of my body). I sat waited in the office for 30-40 minutes with an appointment made the week prior, then waited for the doctor for about 20 minutes as I dressed into the paper coverings I was left. Dr. Schreiber came in, told me that the rash was due to metal contact from the button in jeans with my skin and wrote me a script for medication used to treat scabies and psoriasis without any real direction other than to apply the cream and lotion twice daily. I filled the prescriptions, and the medication was messy so application wasn't really clean cut. The medication didn't work, but I was too turned off by my first experience to come back to this office. After some research, I was able to come up with my own prediction- I may have been intolerant of an iron supplement added to a medication I was taking. I had the prescription changed and like magic, the rash cleared up completely within a few months. I would have preferred had he offered an allergy test or biopsy of some sort to conclude a diagnosis, but I guess he didn't have the time. I would compare a visit to this office to a visit to your local UMC Quick Care. There's very little compassion from the front desk for their long wait times, and the doctor makes a quick diagnosis with no follow-up what-so-ever. Maybe in some cases, his diagnosis is correct and his treatment works. In my case, it did not but thankfully I am now able to manage my skin condition.
1	Bad
5	Dr Shreiber is a great doctor, he is very knowledgeable. He has a great personality and really tries to understand the conditions. Every time I go in it only takes a few minutes to get called in unless its a lot of people. Usually he has interns in his office to help or learn the trade.
5	I went to advanced dermatology for a couple of skin moles. The front office was very nice and answered all of my questions. The doctor that I was seen by was very nice and explained everything to me step by step. I was impressed when he actually took 20 plus minutes to show me everything on a tablet and book (something my previous doctor never bothered doing). Another thing that suprised me was that the doctor made it a point that if I had any questions, to call him. I am going to be a return patient to this clinic.
5	I have been a patient for over 10 years. I have suffered from hair loss and excess facial moles. Dr Schreiber has treated both conditions and has educated me during the process. I keep coming back for treatment because he is best in the business. If you want the best care and to be educated in the process this is the place.  Try it you will love it.
1	HORRIBLE DERMATOLOGY! A NIGHTMARE! Doctor misdiagnosed my problem and that of my husband's. As if that wasn't bad enough, they keep making a mistake with billing and mine went to collections, while my husband's was paid. It's the same insurance! Many phone calls later, and I'm finally paying this bill....for absolutely NOTHING to clear this up. BEWARE!
1	Dr. Schreiber is one of the worst doctors I have ever seen. He is extremely rude and condescending. He continually talks down to the patients and treats adults like children. There is a Skin procedure that I get done once a year that had it done by dermatologist for the past 15 years. I had this procedure done by another doctor at this particular clinic. When I went back to get it done again Dr. Schreiber refused to do the procedure on me and forced me to see a  specialist simply because of the fact that I'm a minority. The next time that I made an appointment I called the office to see when my appointment was the girl went day by day look at everything that I did not have an appointment. Two hours later another girl from the office called me to confirm the appointment for the next day. I showed up for my appointment at 10 AM and they kept me waiting until 11:30 AM. They had a cut out picture of Pres. Obama in the reception office with a sign on it saying look delays happen if you don't like it's leaving make another appointment. This is the worst medical facility ever... Run don't look back
5	Dr Schreiber gets you results, simple as that. Highly recommended.
5	I was in visiting and developed a really bad infection on my left cheek that grew to the size of a tennis ball. I wasn't sure if I was supposed to go to the ER or here and opted to just show up since it was closer. I was lucky that they were able to squeeze me in. The Dr saw me with some medical students whom stood back and observed. He looked at me and told me that what I had was out of the scope of his practice and referred his associate who was a head and neck surgeon. They took the initiative to set up my appointment with him for me on the same day.I'm writing this review not because I received any exceptional care from this Dr, but because I was really happy with the service and integrity of his office. I felt that they really cared about making sure that I would receive the appropriate treatment. They even refunded me for the consultation fee, but I promised that I would return in a few weeks for them to look at my acne.
5	This review is long overdue. I saw Dr. Schreiber about a year ago when I was visiting Vegas, and it's been on my "to-do" list to write him a review about my experience, because I do feel that his rating here seems a bit low. For starters, let me just say that I HATE going to the doctor, and the idea of me leaving a doctor a good review is a bit laughable. I had a rash on a part of my body that I would rather not mention, and after a visit to the local UMC Emergency Department that left two doctors befuddled and scratching their heads, I was referred to Dr. S. They were able to get me in the very next morning, and although I had to wait a bit, I think it's understandable since they did their best to squeeze me in. It's a busy office. From what I understand, Dr. Schreiber is a Derm professor as well, because during my first appointment, he stuck his head into the exam room and told me that he had a small group of students that would like to come in with him to observe, and he asked for my permission if they could enter. Being that I was a bit uncomfortable with the location of my rash, I politely declined, to which he responded, "No problem." He did a quick history of me and examined my rash, gave me a suspected diagnosis and plan of treatment, and asked me to return in about two weeks for a follow-up. I followed the treatment and returned. This time I allowed some students to enter. If you don't mind medical students examining you along with the doctor then go ahead and give them the thumbs-up to enter. During my exam, the Dr. will pause for a minute to explain why he's doing what he's doing to the students, which I now realize I kinda liked because it put me a bit at ease that there was a rhyme and reason to the treatment he was giving me. Anyway, I was real happy with the results and would highly recommend this office to anyone who has a skin problem. It seems like Dr. S has been doing this forever.
5	I took my daughter here to have her acne looked at. It was our first time at a dermatology office. I was pleasantly surprised with the staff and the doctor, he seems to know what he's doing. I would def recommend this office to anyone who is hesitant about seeing a skin doctor, it's a really friendly office that puts you at ease.
5	Dr S. was able to help me out despite what my other derm told me. Def would recommend him to my friends and family.
1	wait was always long, visits short and not very helpful, I went 3 to 4 times but i kept having no success with medications and regimens due to sensitivity and perhaps just not working.  I have not been able to slow my acne down and it has gotten worse from the medicine hurting it.  I stopped going due to gut problems and I no longer believed the doctors could help me here due to their inability to actually evaluate me in a way that was't leaving important parts out and medicine was just pushed on me to push me out the door.  Staff is rude as well.  Doctor likes making jokes instead of asking you in great deal about your history and things that I should think of.  Last, all the students running around(one made a rude remark to me) and no experience did not help either.  In fact you could say they were horrible and no help. One tried to rub this liquid nitrogen on my face and did a horrible job at it and was way to rough.  I would never recommend this place to anyone.  Mostly because they never helped my problem and made it worse(acne). Its your choice though, maybe they will GUESS right in the 10 to 15 min span the doctor talks to you(he talks to you for more like 5 to 10 mins to be honest), and you know how to take care of your skin, because the staff won't explain very well how to use the stuff. I had to look it up online. Some of it was even conflicting with what they told me.  Your decision, did not work for me and I definitely can see why.
5	I love Dr. S! I've been going to him for years for my acne and he always cracks me up. It's a very busy office. But everyone is always happy there.
5	After watching a documentary on skin cancer that scared the crap outta me, I decided to come in to have a mole looked at. I am deathly afraid of needles and knives, but the doctor made it fairly pain free. I'm still waiting for the lab results, but so far I'm really happy with the way it's healing. Hopefully I will never have to do another one of these things.
