4	Yummy! The onion rings were insanely delicious and the food was fresh to order. Their "logo" is "Casual Dining...Fast!" which sums it up perfectly. I will admit that I did not have high hopes for Showmars (I'm a natural skeptic) but the establishment proved to be enjoyable. I ordered one of the more popular menu items - The All-America Pita Burger and it was really good. Although, everything on the menu looked good. I was a little overwhelmed with being in a new place and all of the many seletions such as salads, platters, burgers, traditional greek favorites, etc. so I decided to play it somewhat safe. The staff was very attentive and patient with my indecisiveness. You order when you walk in and then sit down and a staff member brings the meal to you. Showmars seemed to have a fair amount of patrons and they all seemed to be repeat customers. Great place to eat!
4	This is a great place to eat! I have eaten here since they opened up, and can honestly say that they have never let me down. This is the type of place that has made consistency a priority. The staff is always courteous, food is always good, the atmosphere can be whatever you are looking for, this truly is a place for everyone. My personal favorite is the All American Pita Burger, it wont let you down!
3	it is ok for "fast" food. although they bring your meal to the table, service is hit or miss on if they check back. The food quantity is good, but taste is that of cafeteria food.
4	Consistent quality.  That's it!  We can come here for a meal any time and we KNOW what we're going to get every time!  They have a good menu, limited though it may be compared to some other restaurants, but there is plenty of variety for the average family.  And, what they DO have, they do WELL.Here's another thing - they don't mind subbing out the fries on their menu for other side options like veggies!  This is a big deal for me!I recommend the fish sandwich first.  Very tasty and a nice serving of fish on the bun too! My kids like the Gyro and order it most of the time.  Now that they're getting older and increasing appetites, they're ordering the double pita burger sometimes too.  They love both!We've always had really good service at this location.  The staff keeps moving around the restaurant frequently checking to see if you need anything.So, this is a family place with lots of kids present.  Expect that.  You don't want to hear them, or be around them?  Keep travellin' on down the road.  For those who do have kids, they're grateful that there are places they can feel as comfortable as they do at home.While we don't go anywhere every week, we are here regularly.  Great place, consistently.
1	Our family of 3 ate at this store on a Mon. night about 5:30.We have eaten here many times before. We couldn't help but notice the prices have gone up and the service has gone down! No one ever came to check on us or offer refills on our drinks. I finally got the attention of one waitress by shaking my empty cup. It cost us  $31.00!  We usually tip at least 15%, but only left $1.00. No tip was earned. I do hope this is not a new trend. We will think twice before going back again.
4	Short and simple. Good food, fast service and tasty.  Just a tad bit salty for my taste.   Overall, I will be a local going more often.
3	Had never heard of Showmars until moving here so gave it a few visits.  Were amazed at the international flavor of the menu.  You can get Greek, Italian and good old American.  Plenty of options and easy to satisfy anyone.A Peruvian runs the place and there are Latinos serving, so you can practice your Spanish while you munch on decent food. You order at the counter and they bring it to the table.  Service is fast and friendly for sure.  Clean and rather large eating area and plenty of parking in front.Motto:  Casual dining Fast  Yep.
5	Great food! The service was great, and it was my first time eating at Showmars. When you walk in, instead of just getting a table, you walk up to the cash register and order your food. They have American (Burgers) and Greek food, too. The Onion RIngs were also great, too. Then you get seated at a table, and on Sundays, you don't get to sit where ever, because it is VERY crowded. Overall, Showmars at 521 is a GREAT place to eat.
4	First time going and was pleasantly surprised. Food was great, place was clean and service was quick.
