5	I can't begin to describe what a great experience I had with Molly and my lashes. She is a true professional and she treats you so warmly. I got lost on my way there (big surprise) and had to call her twice for directions. She was so sweet and helpful. Once I got there she immediately set about making me comfortable and explained the process and all of the details with me. She took some "before" photos and had me lay on a table complete with a pink blanket. She set about taping my lids all the while explaining to me what was going on. The process itself takes a bit of time and I was so comfortable I was able to fall asleep. My suggestion is to not wear contacts and make sure you keep your hair pulled back.  I love having my lash extensions on because I do wear contacts and I hate dealing with mascara day in and day out. I never have to deal with all of that and my make up routine has been cut in half. I have been complimented by complete strangers and several of the people I work with have stated that I "look more awake".  I don't have to curl my lashes or apply tons of mascara. Her prices are very reasonable and her fills are even more reasonably priced. It's a small price to pay for something that makes you feel so good. She has several different styles and options and she will discuss what's best for you and point you in the right direction as to what you need. Molly is a sweetheart and does really great work. You will be as pleased as I am when you are finished.Thanks so much Molly!!!
5	Molly is freakin' fantastic! She did an AMAZING job on my lashes.  I got mine done for my April wedding and I swear, I was in love with myself for weeks.  My eyes looked phenomenal.  Worth each and every penny, and then some.  Thank you so much Molly!
5	I cannot tell you how happy I am with my new lashes.  First off, Charlotte was wonderful to accomodate me on a sunday!  Then to top it off, she was fast, explained everything to me and my lashes are GORGEOUS!!!  She did a wonderful job and I would definitely recommend anyone who wants lash extensions to see the girls here!
3	I got the Yelp deal for Touch of Lash, and although I happy with my lashes, I was very surprised that my fill used the entire $300 amount of my supposed Yelp deal (the deal is supposedly $300 in value for $175 in cash).  There is no way that my lashes would have cost $300 anywhere else, and I would not have paid $175 (the cash value) for them.  So, although I thought they did a good job, and were very nice, buyer beware on the "Deal" -- it's not a deal.  I'm not sure I will go back based on the pricing.
5	Molly @ Forever Fabulash did my lashes the whole time I lived in Vegas! I'd never go to anyone else... if I could fly back every few months to get them done now I would! The lashes always looked amazing. I have to be on camera all the time, and with those lashes I never had to worry about makeup I just woke up... well FABULOUS! Love love love it! And Molly is one of the sweetest girls in Las Vegas (pretty rare) she's an absolute doll!
5	I have gotten lashes done before. Some bad... some good. But Molly is just fantastic! I cannot say more than what the previous reviews have said so far about her. All I can say is that if you are not getting your lashes done by her, you are not getting them from the right place. I have never had mink lashes (and please do not judge me for using animal hair), but they are AMAZING for lash extensions. They are light, so they don't weigh your lashes down. And they look very natural. And because they do not weigh alot, you don't have as many fall out (depending of course on your lashes life cycle). And I hardly have to put mascara or eyeliner! It saves so much time in the morning. Molly has just great technique as to how she applies them too. I hardly feel anything! And as amazing of a lash artist that she is... She is also just so incredibly friendly, and welcoming. I don't usually fall asleep when i get my lash touch-ups, which I am sure many do. But she doesnt mind if you make conversation during the touch-up appts. She is a complete sweetheart!
5	I absolutely LOVE Molly's work. She is fantastic at her job. I wake up every morning looking beautiful. thank you
5	Molly is AMAZING! She's such a sweet girl and I always love getting my lashes done...it's like having girl time together :)  She's getting really popular and busy so contact her now for an appointment!
5	Must admit was a little hesitant because I have always heard horror stories about eyelash extensions but after being referred by a good friend who i trusted i thought i would give it a go and Im glad i did. Molly is the absolute best! I love my eyelashes and always get compliments on how natural they appear. I recommend anyone who wants to try a dramatic yet natural new look for the new year get in touch with a touch of lash molly will make it happen!
3	I really wanted to try this place out, however I've been trying to call for 2 days and all I get is the answering machine. Time for a new receptionist maybe?
5	Finally! I can wake up feeling beautiful :)LOL! Or at least that is every girl's dream. I was doing research on getting my lashes done and I stumbled upon A Touch of Lash. I did call the business number and did not receive an answer, but if you listen to the message then it does say that they could be with a client at the moment. Understandable. Would you want them to answer calls while they are working on YOUR lashes? I ended up texting the number and received a response in a decent amount of time. Natalie responded and answered all of the questions (plus, gave me some very useful information) that I had so I felt comfortable booking my reservation. A Touch of Lash is located inside of Studio Salon on the second floor of that complex. As I walked in, I instantly felt comfortable. Natalie greeted me and showed me all of the different styles in their look book so she could make sure that what I was happy with the end results. She explained what the process was going to be like and assured that we would go over aftercare. I chose the silk full set, because I wanted something more dramatic than the lashes that I have now. We begin! They will apply a tape to keep your bottom lashes out of the way and just make sure to keep your eyes closed during your service. Then she started doing her magic! Natalie was soooooo fun and easy to talk to! :) for the first half hour we definitely conversed a lot, but then I started to feel sleepy so I took my nap. Her technique is amazing and you could barely feel a thing. I was drifting in and out of sleep so everytime I was "awake" she checked up on me and made sure I was completely comfortable. When I woke up and she handed me that mirror, WHOA BABY! Who is that girl?! What an amazing difference eyelashes make on your face. After I was done admiring my lashes, she went over aftercare with me and advised about fills. It has been a few days and a few other times I got my lashes done elsewhere they started falling out almost immediately. But not here! These ladies know what they are doing and pricing is reasonable compared to other places. I will definitely be back!!THANK YOU NATALIE! :)
5	First, let me start by saying I'm quite impatient, so the idea of laying in a salon bed for 2.5-3 hours was nothing short of mortifying. When I arrived, I was greeted with a friendly smile and a cheerful disposition. Molly was more than amazing and quite accommodating. Not only was she able to see me with a day's notice, but she also volunteered to fix my lashes after I complained that they weren't right for me. Thankfully I took her advice and waited, because it takes time to get used to. I absolutely love them, they're GORGEOUS and so natural looking. No one even noticed I had gotten my lashes done! Molly did an excellent job, I absolutely recommend her.
5	Came back to my Molly after I got a full set somewhere else (just to try another place). But nope... I still missed my Molly and she hasn't lost the full-ness touch! And can I just say... I love brushing these mink babies! Softer, lighter, and way more natural. I still get the double take from other ladies and get the question, "Are those your lashes?" She made me feel better about using the mink, since she had informed me that the mink lashes she uses are actually cruelty free (for you Animal Rights people). So now, I have zero guilt about getting them. As I have said before in my previous review, if you haven't gotten them done here... you haven't yet experienced the "Molly-touch" !
2	PROS: Great lashes, they look so natural, they are smaller in diameter than other salon's I've experienced, and I always get a very full and glamorous look. Natalie is great!CONS: This place is pricier than others but that's ok when dealing with lashes. HOWEVER, I found this place on yelp, and based on the positive reviews I was interested in trying this place, so I texted Molly to schedule my initial apt. Usually when a business has a cancellation policy, they inform the new potential client about their policy when scheduling their initial appt. This never happened. I had two fills here, and then on my third I had to cancel the day of the appt. I was still never informed about a cancellation policy at this time either. My fourth or fifth fill the same situation had occurred. I was able to reschedule my fill a week later and still was not informed upon scheduling that I would be subject to a cancellation fee from the week prior. After receiving my usual fill today, literally at the end of my service, I was told to pay an additional $20 cancellation fee for my last scheduled appt. I have no problems with any cancellation policy, in fact I have a hefty fee myself when cancelled on with out 24 hour notice, however ALL of my clients are informed about my cancellation policy upon scheduling whether they are scheduling online, via email, text, or phone. When I contacted Molly about the surprise fee, her reaction wasn't what I had expected. She assumes all her clients would find out about her policy on their own. I have never been on their website where apparently its displayed, and to assume I would read about their cancellation policy on a sign hung somewhere in a room where my eyes are closed 90% of the time is insane! There was so many times I should have been informed about the policy. Especially when she told me my first cancellation I wasn't charged as a courtesy.When explaining how Yelp lured me in to try them, her response was there isn't enough characters in the description on their end to add the cancellation policy for potential clients to see, SO here it is so this doesn't happen to you too:* Your FIRST cancellation is free (please note: this is when cancelling with same day notice, I can not vouch for this in the event of a no show) * After that if you cancel on the day of your appointment you are subject to a $20 cancellation fee at your next visit. * In the event of a no call no show, you will be subject to a 50% service charge of that scheduled appointment, at your next visit. * All appointments require a 24hr cancellation notice to avoid a fee.
5	Touch of Lash is simply THE best lash boutique in all of Las Vegas. I'm lucky to have found Molly! She is a true professional with an expert technique and the sweetest personality.  She makes my lashes full, dramatic and beautiful.  I've been a Touch of Lash client for almost 2 years and I love that I get to feel like a million dollars after every fill! Natalie is also amazing and I would give this service a million stars if yelp would let me!
5	Love Molly and Natalie...everytime I go here it's so relaxing that I fall asleep and I wake up with beautiful lashes!
5	I have been seeing Molly for about four months because her work is exceptional . I tried another boutique a couple of different times when she wasn't available during the time I needed her and I was very disappointed because the lashes she does cannot be out done . A few people I know have been simply amazed saying they look so natural and couldn't believe they were not my real lashes . Molly is amazing and the best at what she does.
5	I wish that I could give a business more than just 5 stars, because that is what I would give Molly and A Touch of Lash.  I recently got eyelash extensions at another place and was ready to take them off because of the poking and the way the extensions would clump together.  Then a friend told me that I had to see Molly.  She was booked solid and I had a big event that I needed my lashes to look great for.  Molly came in on her day off because she knew of my lash emergency!!  WHO DOES THAT?!?!   Talk about customer service!  I was so grateful for that.  When she was done fixing my previous extension job, it was like night and day!  My lashes are perfect!!  They're so light and full that I don't even feel them!!  Every single day since I got them, someone comments on how gorgeous they are.  The best part is, Molly uses only high quality products and that is why they look so good.I will never go to another lash place...a Touch of Lash is the best BY FAR!
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about Molly and Natalie. I have been getting my lashes done religiously for over a year now with them. They are always on time, their rooms are always clean and comfortable,  and someone always confirms the day before. The price might be a little higher than other places, but you get what you pay for...,,,,If your considering lashes or looking for someone more dependable contact Molly! :)
5	THREE weeks later and I'm still in love with my lashes. My best friend referred me to Molly, and Molly was able to get me in right away with Allie to rescue my lashes from a bad lash job I received a week before. Allie was very thorough and made sure she took the time to fix the clumpy lash extensions I had just received from someone else. Great natural looking clump free lashes, clean location, and amazing customer services. Going back next week for my fill, cant wait! :)
5	It's been like 3 years since I have had lash extentions because my last experience was so bad I just said forget it! This time around it was easy and pain-free and no lashes stuck together Allie did a great job on my full set or lashes! I love them!
5	If you're looking for a great Lash lounge this is definitely one to go to.  Natalie was my lash artist and she is truly an artist when it comes to creating a beautiful lash set!  I typically have medium length, straight lashes.  In about  2 hours, Natalie was able to create a full lash line that opened up my eyes.
