5	On a lighter note I have to give it up for my favorite fast food. This is as cheap as food gets, but I love it, and probably have ate here once a week for the past 15 years. When I was unemployed I literally survived on bean burritos, soft tacos, and hot sauce.  I believe If every country had a decent method of distribution, Taco Bell would solve world hunger.As far as this location its open late, built for drive thru, and looks old school.
5	Probably...no, definitely the best Taco Bell I've ever been to.  The staff is super friendly (minus an older blonde woman), and I've never had a complaint with the food.Once I had to wait particularly long to receive my food.  My impolite friend had already finished their food before I got mine.  So....4 stars.However, the other day was "customer appreciation day."  There were balloons everywhere, and the employees seemed extra friendly.  I asked if that meant they were giving out free drinks, and the cashier said, "I could probably work something out for you," with a twinkle in his eye.  I got a free drink, and my impolite friend had to pay for his.  5 stars.Hat's off to the manager at this location.  He runs a tight ship, and it seems like the employees really enjoy working for him.
5	This is a Taco Bell. I will not talk much about the food, because it is a Taco Bell. You know what you can expect. What I -will- say is I have never had anything screwed up here. I've been to Taco Bells where ordering a 7-layer burrito (one of my favorite items) means you get something that tastes entirely of guacamole, because they put twice as much of it in as they should. I've never encountered that here; everything is balanced correctly, and whatever menu item you order will come to you exactly as it should.So with that out of the way (and it hopefully being clear that this rating is not about the food itself; don't expect fine mexican dining because it's a 5-star, it's still a Taco Bell), on to why this review:What sets this Taco Bell apart from others (besides, obviously, the 'making the food right') is the service. As other people have indicated, it is good. Very good. The people are friendly. Almost too friendly; it can feel a little cloying sometimes. But that's still far, far better than the alternative, and even when I find it a tad irritating, I still leave with a smile on my face after having dealt with the people here. They're doing something right when it comes to customer service.
5	I had to review this taco bell not for the food, but for the dude working the drive through. I'm pretty sure his name is Wayne and he is the friendliest, most upbeat drive through guy I have ever seen in my life. He definitely makes going here easier. I wish everyone loved their job as much as he does!
5	It's a simple...but dirty, cheap pleasure...a bean burrito at taco bell!  Inexpensive, always the same since I was a kid, always fresh,hot and delicious in its own sick way.  I'm not embarrassed to admit this...but don't hold it against me:)  Whenever I want to do a little sneaky binge look for my car here...don't forget to order the mini churros...not a good date food;0
5	A++++++ for this Taco Bell. I remember the days when this location could NEVER get my order right, never gave me correct change, was slow, rude, ignorant, didn't speak any English, etc etc etc.TIMES ARE A CHANGIN'. Starting about a year ago, it's like a light went off - BING! - "wow, maybe we should aspire to not get brutalized by corporate and the FDA every month!!"Once upon I time, I ordered in Spanish... it was the only way I was going to place my order in under ten minutes, and my only hope of it being correct. No more!They hired people who spoke great English (no, that's not me being racist - I'm just saying it's hard as heck to order through a crackl-y mic with a language barrier!). And, most of them are bilingual and still speak Spanish. They just hired newer people who aren't as accented.They started actually CLEANING inside, so that when you go in, it's spotless rather than 'try not to look at the floor, otherwise you'll be too grossed out to eat your food and GOD, whatever you do, don't look at the food prep stations if you want to have an appetite.'They hired "Wayne" - a way-too-peppy-for-how-late-it-is drive thru kid (young, blondish, and very nice) to remind you to give them all 7s on their telephone survey (and, hey, I do... because they DESERVE IT). He smiles, says thank you, and reminds you to have a good day. God, I wish I had energy like that guy.They started paying attention to what you order, and ***SHOCK SHOCK SHOCK*** actually giving it to you!If I order my burrito supreme without red sauce, IT COMES WITHOUT RED SAUCE (once upon a time this would have made me poo my pants since it would have indicated that I had somehow gone through a portal to an alternate universe)!Plus, if I order one regular burrito supreme, and one without red sauce, one of the little wrappers says " -RED" on it. They label it now - this is unheard of!Can you tell I like burrito supremes =) ??So, for all of you South Scottsdale-ites who wrote this place off, veered clear, or drove further to a different Taco Bell in hopes of getting barely less lousy service, TURN AROUND! Go back! Give this place another try.Check out my reviews - I'm highly critical, and once irritated, I hold a grudge. So, seriously, trust me on this... This Taco Bell has changed.I'd give it ten stars if I could. Wow, what a turnaround. Kudos to whoever obviously whipped the spot back into shape. You have my business back.
5	I will not apologize for my obsession with Taco Bell!!!Three words: cheesy gordita crunch.Staff seems genuinely happy to be there and doles out more than enough sauce whenever I request "a ton" of mild sauce.This location hasn't been updated, but as such, has a nice outdoor seating area.
4	Decent food.. But the doritos locos are amazing!
3	One of my fast food spots in my lunch rotation, it's quick, cheap, and filling.  I order my usual:7 layer burrito $2.29Bean burrito $.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-bell-scottsdale-6?select=Uogu3PaPotPxYZUWJSpJSw#Uogu3PaPotPxYZUWJSpJSwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-bell-scottsdale-6?select=Zgohed3FyU0lMgKrXSYtXQ#Zgohed3FyU0lMgKrXSYtXQIt's an OK spot for quick eats.  The only bad part is the parking...there's only a few spots and when it gets busy at lunch, you have nowhere to park.Return Factor - 75%
4	It's Taco Bell. But for taco bell this location has great service, food was fast & delicious. Only thing I didn't like was how small the inside dining section was but if the weather was nice the patio would be worth sitting at.
3	If you are in need of fast crunchy tacos, taco bell is the spot. It is what is is! They are trying to amp of the brand with the new Doritos tacos, which are pretty good,  but nothing to rave about. I usually get the standard crunchy tacos and a pintos & cheese cup. I can fell satisfied for under $4. This location is probably the original design of Taco Bell and it's real small inside but has a good size outdoor seating area. I like that some things are not modernized.
4	Agree with the often mentioned observation that the staff at this location are always friendly and seem to enjoy their job (have only gone through the drive in) and that the location is old school, sort of dated but I have no issues it's clean and reminds me of the one I went to back in the 80's when I first discovered TB and when you could get a six pack of crunchy taco's for a dollar or two.  My favorite is the grilled chicken burrito and tostada both fresca style.
4	Descent Taco Bell. Friendly service. A little tiny on the inside but pretty quick. Frequent it enough and have enjoyed it thus far.
4	All Taco Bells taste great and are the perfect snack but this location also provides great customer service and fast drive thru lines. You can't ask for much more at a fast food chain where the food tastes the same wherever you go. This one has a unique, old style look to it and only has a drive thru or walk up and eat outside option. Nice :-)
4	I have been a customer for 34+ years. Not all stores are equal. This one is consistant eatin or take out.Always pleasant. I have enjoyed many items andin all these years have had two orders that were mixed up. That is amazing considering their speed.
