4	Solid dry cleaners.  I started taking my clothes to this place because they don't use toxic solvents, so it's better for the environment.  Plus, there's usually a 20% coupon in the local 891-- coupon book that comes in the mail.  Albeit, it's a couple more dollars than my old cleaners but I think well worth it.  They do a great job; my clothes always come back nice and spiffy.  And best of all, I don't get that weird smell my clothes sometimes had after I took them to the regular cleaners.  I like to think it's because they're green.  So yay!  I really am a fan!
5	After reading that dry cleaning chemicals are one of the worst things out there, I decided to make me and my family go to a green cleaner.  We tried this place out and have stuck with them ever since.  They get the work done good and quick and are a friendly family operated business.
5	Yes, a little pricier than every other dry cleaner in town, but it's really worth it! No nasty chemicals, better for me and the environment. My clothes have always come back looking great, and the service they provide is friendly and fast. Turnaround time is a day and a half if you take it in the morning, 2 days if it's later in the day. Highly recommended.
3	I think this place just opened up not too long ago. My clothes did not smell like chemicals. I went to this place because it was eco friendly and I thought I would give it a try. The upside, I was in and out in a minute. The downside, it is a bit pricey compared to other places. I paid about $30 for two dresses and two dress shirts. I didn't expect to pay that much.
1	Don't trust them!! They ruined my comforter and then tried to tell me that it was a pee stain! I have no animals and I clearly do not pee the bed, so unprofessional about the entire situation. I had to fight with the owner about getting my money back and replacing my comforter! He gave me $50 total! Which is really only $25 towards a new one, which can buy a blanket from Walmart. Ugh, trust me don't go there!!
