4	I infrequently go to Jack in the Box. Don't get me wrong; Jack in the Box makes great burgers, sandwiches and sides.But the only time I'll go to Jack's is in the wintertime, in which they featured the Pumpkin Pie Milkshake and Eggnog Milkshake. And I was craving for the Eggnog Milkshake after my dinner. Another piece of technology I don't see back home is the kiosk booth to place your order for your food. As a substitute of seeing the cashier, you input what you want and how you want your food(s) and/or drink(s) customized. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/duCjWA3EBSA-ox5LTcXbwQ?select=MkeNe_5lsNK9CkM4mqZMKgAnd the large $2.99 seasonal milkshake is programmed in the machine. You can even request for extra whipped cream and extra maraschino cherry as one many options. I slide my Visa to pay for my treat and I get my receipt with the order number. My milkshake: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/duCjWA3EBSA-ox5LTcXbwQ?select=ymC0PFMYFXXeOjZgd5QH9wAfter a few minutes, the clerk yelled out my number and I finally got my milkshake. One sip of the thick seasonal milkshake, I was instantly in the holiday spirit.Ladies and Gentlemen: that is technology in Las Vegas!
4	The service at this J in the B location makes the food taste better.I was coming home late the other night, and figured a grilled cheese sandy from Jack in the box was the right move to make, so I pulled up to the drive thru.  The man taking my order was cheery, pleasant, and fun.  His enthusiasm was refreshing and sincere.  When I pulled up to the window he asked how I was tonight, and we began chatting about crazy things he saw that night working the window.  (Drive-thru flashers are apparently "in" right now)I can't give a fast food place 5 stars, but the service here is 5 star caliber.  It's so refreshing to meet someone who loves their job, or at least, does it with sincerity and enthusiasm.
2	Every time I go to this Jack In The Box I get approached by a homeless person, either inside or outside.I will stop going to this location. Nothing wrong with the food or service.  Save for people begging for money.
5	5 Stars for the excellent customer service and cleanliness throughout
4	i used the kiosk and was an instant fan!!! :)
2	I enjoy Jack in the Box. Probably too much for my own good. However, I will not be stopping at this location again, which is unfortunate as its the only one along my commute. I put my order in via the self ordering machine (love them!) And the gentleman before me ordered pretty much the same thing I did and had his food in hand within about 4 minutes. However, I got the wildcard of some guy walking in and ordering the same thing as me (the tacos are quite popular). Because he was 'in a rush' he got MY tacos and I got to wait a total of 11 minutes to receive my order. In no business is this okay. I guess if I do come back it'll be when I am 'in a rush' so I, too, can steal someone else'a food. The order was right and the place was clean. That's what the second star is about. The fact that I had to finish the rest of my bus/walk commute smelling of tacos and potato wedges was not the business.
4	They always have a super friendly attitude here! :)The store is clean. Quick service. I enjoy the view of the cars rushing by at the intersection of Rainbow/Flamingo. Food is fresh and has good presentation.
3	Fine by me.  It's your typical Jack In the Box.  Our order was correct, fast, and friendly.
4	working late hours and to tired for cooking jack and the box has definitely satisfied my hunger for those times you just need a quick bite after hours.  The manager Josh is very friendly, remembers me every time i see him and is always very accommodating. I love the chicken fajita pita, for the illusion of eating healthy because it's grilled chicken ;)  If you are out late and looking for a meal before your last stop Jack in the Box is not a bad choice!
1	Went through the drive thru last night , Freddie had the worst customer service, you work there because you chose too ! Quit if you can't work it ! Ever going there late anymore !
5	Jack In the box hands down is the best after the club food lol. I'm so glad they brought back the bacon cheddar potatoe wedges! This location on rainbow isn't quite my favorite location I prefer the one on Flamingo and Durango or even the one up on Ft.Apache and Tropicana! Reason being is the late night crew that works tends to be not only slow but rude! Not a great combo when you are trying to sober up after a hard night of partying! What can I expect though from a fast food place other than the greasy unhealthy food that I will not continue to stop eating lol! Go Jack' N The Box!
2	The staff is friendly, but this is the worst jack in the box that I've had the displeasure of visiting. The place is swarming with bums. During one visit there was as many as 4 bums INSIDE the restaurant at one time. I understand that the homeless people are not the fault of the Jack in the box, but the slow service is. I want to get my food and get out before some nasty bum begs me for money. Why does it take 10 minutes to make small curly fries?
4	I've actually not once had a bad experience at this location. Bacon cheddar wedges for the win!
4	Super clean for a fast food joint and good food. The customer service could use some work though, but overall I walked in on a Sunday afternoon and it was dead practically.
