4	Desserts and snacks, 24 Hour Reverse Osmosis Water and Ice What's sweet, salty, fruity, chewey, crunchy, cold and hot?We'd driven by the tiny Hawaiian Ice Cream, water and ice and Mexican frozen sweets place for years. I didn't pay much attention until it was 110 degrees, our nearest Baskin-Robbins was toes-up, name-changed and folded. I noticed a Thrifty Ice Cream sign on one of Hawaiian Ice Cream's windows. I pulled in, bought a single scoop of chocolate chip, and tasted my childhood.  We visited several times.Hawaiian Ice Cream, like Hawaii, is a swirling mix of cultures. You might hear Los Tigres from the radio one visit, or the USA''s latest the next depending on who's working.  English is always spoken here - unless you're fluent in Spanish. You can't get shave ice here, but you can get a sno-cone. I didn't pay attention if they serve bubble-gum, root beer, wild cherry or lime. One visit I tried tamarindo, a common Mexican fruit flavor leaving real fruit and flavor in the bottom of the cup.The menu board is loaded with banana split, sundaes, ice cream and snow cones. It also has a host of Mexican desserts. If you want to know all about them and entertain your palate, stop by. Stopping by October 27, 2010 I asked the server their favorite.  Fresas con crema - strawberries and cream were recommended. I asked about the menu items I knew nothing about or could not translate and got a fascinating tour of Mexico's larder. You want fusion? try one of Mexico's traditional desserts from Hawaiian Ice Cream. After receiving my fresas con crema, and diving in to a delicious mix of frozen strawberries/sorbet drowned in cream then topped with granola and whipped cream, I realized I'd better have Sweet D with me the next time I venture into the rich side of the menu. The treat was excellent as promised and more than enough for two.  When Hawaiian Ice Cream is open, you can buy blocks, 10 and 20 pound bags of ice. The RO water dispenser on the east wall is a 24/7 25 cent a gallon service. Like Hawaii, Hawaiian Ice Cream is a diverse mix of Mexican and American frozen treats stirred with RO purified water and all kinds of party ice.Skip Thrifty Ice Cream, my next treat is a Diablito!
4	Desserts and snacks, 24 Hour Reverse Osmosis Water and Ice What's sweet, salty, fruity, chewy, crunchy, cold and hot?We'd driven by the tiny Hawaiian Ice Cream, water and ice and Mexican frozen sweets place for years. I didn't pay much attention until it was 110 degrees, our nearest Baskin-Robbins was toes-up, name-changed and folded. I noticed a Thrifty Ice Cream sign on one of Hawaiian Ice Cream's windows. I pulled in, bought a single scoop of chocolate chip, and tasted my childhood.  We visited several times.Hawaiian Ice Cream locked the door just before Christmas 2010 leaving a sign in the window, "Back Next Spring."Wrong.New owner, new menu.  Main item, raspados, fine ice with real fruit and juice base.  Lots of other dessert/snacky items too.What's sweet, salty, fruity, chewy, crunchy, cold and hot?A Chamoyada.  Chamoyadas are very good.  Chamoy is a brine-based sauce flavored with fruit, spiced with chile.  I had mango chamoyada.  The mango made it fruity and sweet; the chamoy sauce salty and hot; shaved ice, cold and crunchy; tamarind fruit leather strips, chewy.  I'm not sure what category to put the peanuts.  They were on top.  I could have really heated the dish up with more chile powder, but I was exploring and let the chamoyada be what it was.  There was so much going on in that amazing treat, it was like Fourth of July fireworks in my mouth, with flavors instead of beautiful bursting colors.  I was delighted.     When Oasis Raspados is open, you can buy blocks, 10 and 20 pound bags of ice. The RO water dispenser on the east wall is a 24/7 25 cent a gallon service. February 15, 2011 Oasis Raspados still sold Thrifty ice cream.  They also sell banana splits.
3	Now called Oasis Raspados.New owners and employees.Not so great service but good products.
1	It's closed.
