4	This place has my vote for best Pho (Vietnamese soup) in Montreal. They have excellent Imperial Rolls and Spring Rolls. Try the iced coffee which is brewed right in your cup at your table while you eat your main meal.*Closed on Tuesdays!*
4	Pho Lien is the best Vietnamese Beef Noodle (Pho Bo) restaurant in Montreal. Don't take my word for it, that is from the Vietnamese locals who know food. The owner used to run a factory locally, but when those opportunities went to China for cheaper costs, he had to shut down the Factory and try something different. So he went and hired the best Pho cook he could find, employed him for a year, and learned how to make good Pho. It isn't to California standards, but here in Montreal, C'est Magnifique!
3	We arrived here on a Sunday evening and were pleasantly surprised to see the crowd at Pho Lien.  The restuarant had tons of patrons sitting in cramped quarters and all ordering the Pho.  Coming from California, I can admit I know good Pho when I see it and the bowls being served up at Pho Lien is pretty good.  They were unable to do any special orders on the Pho, but it came out quickly and hit the spot.  Also, we tried the fresh spring rolls and although it was a bit overpriced, it also was very delicious.  Overall, this place truly deserves 3.5 stars.  =)
3	Clean wise borderline acceptable; the washroom could be cleaner and they could replace the old tables and chairs. The place is simply too small to go eat in groups but if you're looking to go in, (wait in line), eat and go out than the place is fine. I would say a group of maximum 4 people is OK since they only have 1 table for 8 people or so and the rest is for 4 or 2. The Pho is not the best Pho in town but the place sure is one of the most popular.
4	I love noodles. Thankfully I was able to get my Pho fix in Montreal. It is really hard to find good pho places in Miami, truthfully I have yet to find any good pho places at all In Miami which really sucks. There broth was sooooooooo good. Locals love Pho Lien and they consider it one of the best. I was skeptical but after we left we drove a block down I saw another Pho place which was empty. Pho lien is a small place but gets packed. I had the large bowl #9.  It was one of the best pho i've ever eaten. I wish i went back again before leaving Montreal since I can't get the same quality in Miami. Oh well, It just means I have to keep going back to Montreal, and that is definitely fine by me.
4	The place was packed when we got there...Portions came quite nifty so dont order a large if youre not too too hungry. We had Pho and the spring rolls. The rolls had basal in them but they were quite yummy, and I also enjoyed the pho. Overall great experience and will definitely come back soon!
5	So the consensus is that Pho Lien is one of the best, if not THE best pho place in Montreal. It's my personal favourite and I frequently make the pilgimmage from downtown to Cote des Neiges to get my fix.Here are three things to keep in mind about Pho Lien:a) Always remember that it's closed on Tuesdays. There really is nothing worse than getting shut down when trying to satisfy a craving (or appease your addiction).b) Cash only! Although they have one of those money-grubbing private ATM machines in-house if you're really in a bind.c) Keep in mind that unless you eat outside on the terrasse, you are going to stink to high heaven when you leave this place. I'm not saying the place stinks, cause oddly enough, it doesn't. Just don't wear your good clothes here, and certainly don't expect to go on a blind date or an important meeting immediately after eating here and still expect to make a good impression. I had to have my winter jacket dry cleaned after coming here because my coworkers kept sniffing the air and wondering "what's that smell?". Real talk.Oh, and try the rice pancake with egg!
5	One of if not the best pho in Montreal (was highly recommended by a friend who lived there for 7 years). Did not disappoint - service was prompt, atmosphere was lively during lunchtime, food was authentic, and prices were reasonable.
5	Excellent pho, green papaya salad, and fried banana.
5	Forget about Chinatown if you're looking for good, authentic TASTY pho, Pho Lien is the best place in Montreal for this Vietnamese comfort soup, but don't take my word for it. Just ask any of your friends in the Vietnamese community and they will tell you the exact same thing.It's a bit on the small side, they only take cash and if you can, try to go during it's off-hours since there is usually a line up here. Service is very fast, prices are super cheap. The food is also very fresh and very tasty. A large Pho soup will fill you up for the whole day, no joke. I also found their spring rolls to be outstanding. Their pho soup is like the nectar of the gods especially on super cold and windy January days!
5	My friend told me about this small vietnamese gem.  The food and quality is amazing.   I like the #1 pho. It's soo tasty good.  And I absolutely love the their dessert :)
4	Very good Pho on Cote Des Neiges across from the Jewish General Hospital.A bit too much MSG, but what is good Pho without some MSG? Had the rare beef Pho. Good amount if meat, took the small one since it was lunch time. Also eat a very good Imperial Rolls, nice and crispy and not overly oily either.Restaurant is tiny, so a big group is difficult to accommodate.  Show up early or you'll end up waiting at the tiny door way.The restaurant won't win any awards for decor with the cheapy chairs and tables, but it's clean.
4	1st, this place is always packed and it does not close during the day.Most people go there for the pho and it's excellent.  Great selection.Place is ran by Vietnamese.  The speak excellent french and english.
5	PROS:1. DELICIOUS food. I especially enjoyed their Pho and Condensed milk/Iced Coffee- So gooood! Other items I tried were all really good too and the vegetables used are all fresh. 2. Servers mean business! They're quick, efficient, and accurate.3. Haven't been able to find a place with better pho than here. CONS:1. Perhaps not the swankiest place in town, but the food makes up for it. I would rather go here than The Keg... just sayin'!OVERALL:-Worth every penny!!
4	This steamy bowl of Vietnamese comfort food hits the spot and I'm convinced it tastes better in the winter when the temperature outside if a bone chilling minus ridiculous degrees and just a word of warning... Like with Korean BBQ, the smell of pho will permeate your clothes and people on the bus will know exactly what it was you had for lunch. Don't get discouraged by the phoddicts lining up out the door, people move through the place like milking cattle, you won't wait more than 10 mins at the most.
4	It's been over a year since I've eaten here, and it's still delicious!  The servers are't here to make friends with you but serve you in a quick no-nonsense manner!  It's actually quite funny when I think about it.  When you go to St Hubert or Cage au Sport the servers are always super friendly!  At a quality Asian restaurant like Pho Lien it's order your food, get you in and out in a quick efficient manner!  Okay, onto the food.  Tonight I ordered a Green papaya salad with Beef and Shrimp and chicken vermicelli with spring rolls.  My brother had the beef vermicelli.  To wash it down was the ubiquitous Vietnamese iced coffee with condensed milk!  All was excellent!  We sat on the terrace and only had one guy come ask for change, street noise was decently loud but this is a busy intersection!  If I worked across the street in the Jewish General I'd come at least once a week.  Maybe twice!  Maybe then the servers would get to know me,  but I think they would still get you in and out quickly, efficiently and with a full tummy! Don't come here for the ambiance, come here for the consistent quality!
5	Pho Lien is the place to go if you have a cold or just want to have the best pho in the city. I strongly recomment a grilled chicken pho for 10$. As an appetizer i would go for the springrolls or their famous bo ching (rice pati with eggs and soy sauce) It's very yummy.
4	Really good pho, although they don't have the spicy soup. The meat is tender and the portions are large, only thing is that service was really mediocre, probably because there are just too many customers and not enough waiters. Anyhow two-thumbs up!
5	Best Pho in Montreal!
3	I like the pho and I especially like the chicken bun. Although $10 for bun is a bit steep for the area and the spring rolls were very strange.
5	Fast, delicious, and authentic.They also made substitutions to my grilled chicken/salad/rice plate for more veggies instead of rice for no additional charge. Chinatown isn't the only option for no-frills asian food!
4	Simply delicious! Its a small place with big flavors! If your craving a satisfying asian noodle soup than this is one of the best places in montreal for it!! Service is also quick !
2	It's decent. Was much better last time I visited about 2-3 years back when I had to go to Jewish General. Service was okay but soup was a bit bland. Don't know what the hype about the spring rolls is. Maybe I'm just getting old.
5	Perhaps they have the best Pho in Montreal. The broth is absolutely delicious.The spring rolls are very tasty and fresh as well. Don't forget to have cash on you.
2	I have been here a few times; not because I found it to be the best Vietnamese place, but rather for convenience. I found their food to be hit and miss. I've only ordered pho or bun bo hue there. The first time I had their bun bo hue, I liked it; not so much the 2nd and 3rd time so I gave up on it.  As for their pho, there were days it was alright to good and there were days it was off.  There have been occasions where I just love the smell of pho as I stepped in, but am disappointed by the body of the broth itself. I feel they water it down and by how much depends on how busy they were expecting to be and how prepared they were for the rush.  The last time I was there was for a weekday lunch with my cousin. The place was packed throughout the whole place and including their patio.  It was this time where I had experienced the blandest pho broth I have ever had. On top of it, my cousin ordered and 1/2 chicken 1/2 beef pho and the chicken was not fresh at all. You can taste that "old refrigerated" taste. This makes me question the freshness of their food.  On top of that, the chicken was shredded into fine pieces.  It will be a long while before I consider coming back here again.
4	This very diverse neighborhood on the western slope of Mont Royal is loaded with a United Nations of  shops and restaurants. Feeling homesick for any home cooking on the planet?  You can probably find a reasonably good facsimile of your desired taste somewhere along Cote des Neiges or its side streets.  We came for Pho, and that was what we devoured in noisy slurps at Pho Lien. This fairly small joint has a front outside dining area which always seems full in good weather, while it is easier to find a table within.  The staff is super efficient and friendly in French, English and Vietnamese.  The Pho Ga (Chicken Pho) comes in three sizes, the smallest of which is likely to be enough for all but the biggest eaters, especially if you start with the Spring Rolls or other delectable apps.  The broth is the clear variety with a full bodied flavor.  The noodles are rectangular linguini-like, firm and tasty.  The side plate of accessories-sprout, basil leaves and lime wedges (no jalapeno slices), was full and fresh.  The sliced white meat chicken was plentiful.  A squirt of Stiraccha and the slurping commenced.  I know it is considered gauche to slurp when using the Asian flat bottomed spoon, but even when I try to be quiet, I can't do it. The overall taste is so compelling and succulent, that I just don't care.  The Spring Rolls were pretty good, with nice size shrimp and a slice of grilled pork inside.  Perhaps, a half step down from the Pho-ntastic soup. The VN coffee with condensed milk was great, and a nice way to extend the afternoon as we took in the life on the street, and plotted our next move.
4	If you are looking for fast, delicious, well priced pho - this is the place to go! No bells no whistles, just great food. I call ahead for pick up because lines can be lengthy during peak dinner hours. But fun to sit and stay in too!
4	L'endroit est peu intime et bruyant, mais la soupe est excellente.
4	I went there as a recommendation from a friend who said this was the best pho in town. Lets say that my expectations were not met. The broth was thin, the pieces of meat were ok at best, even with the hoisin sauce. But hey, it's pretty above average so you won't be completely disappointed.
5	The best beef pho in Montreal!!!!!! always my favourite!!!
5	Best pho in Montreal and I dare you to challenge me. This is coming from someone whose stepdad is a viet and who's been eating pho almost all over canada. Portion is smaller than other places but flavor makes up for anything else including grumpy waiters. Have you noticed how they all look like they hate their lives? Bet they don't get tips and the skanky owners keep it all for themselves. Still I cannot stop going there
4	This place is a Montreal landmark. The Pho is excellent and the deserts are delicious if you like tapioca. Its always busy and really small inside so you might have to wait but its good food. The noodles have changed IMHO and its not as good as 10 years ago but still worth it.
4	My husband and I had our first ever Pho experience today at Pho Lien. We had read about it on Yelp and decided to give it a try.We came right before the lunch rush around 11:45 and got a table beside the window. We really didn't know what to order but our server was nice enough to help us out. We ordered the imperial rolls to start. They came in less then 5 minutes and they were amazing! We couldn't quote figure out what was in them but it didn't matter! Then I got the chicken pho soup (can't remember the actual name) and my hubby got the beef soup. Again...we waited less then 10 minutes total. The soup was piping hot and the portions were HUGE! The flavours were so unique that at first I wasn't sure if I really liked it. I added some of their teriyaki sauce into it and the flavours just came of life! The more I ate...the more I wanted to eat! It was sooooo good!!! A totally new flavor profile then we've ever had!The service and food were outstanding. The only reason I didn't give it a full 5 stats is because of the ambiance and hustle/bustle of the restaurant. Had I not read all the reviews on yelp, I would have never eaten there after walking into it. It's a bit of a dive restaurant...no decor and just a bunch of tables jammed in there. Plus as the restaurant started filling up...we felt a bit rushed. Our whole lunch was about 45 minutes long. So if you're looking for a nice place to sit back and lounge...I wouldn't go here. But overall...outstanding food for our first time! Thank you "Yelpers" for helping us find this little gem!
4	Best Pho in town! Everything else is mediocre at best.
4	Food is great but I deduct one stars for not having any other form of payment, especially when the restaurant is quite successful. Instead, they conveniently put an ATM and let us pay a few dollars for the cash withdrawal. Just raise the prices and add all payment forms. I find this a lame business tactic on their part.
5	First time here. Great pho, fried spring rolls and fresh spring rolls. Small place, wait time can be about 10-15min but worth the wait
3	Used to be my favourite spot for years. I was disappointed when I visited them a few months back. Their soup is filled of MSG, the portions are small. Their combo with rice is not as tasty as it used to be. Service def needs to be improved. Hate the fact that they only accept cash! Won't be going back anymore.
4	Probably the best pho in town. Been around for ages and still going strong. Perfect for a fast lunch during a cold winter day. A must try if youre in the area. Be prepared to wait in line a bit.
1	One waiter who served us probably was an owner and was absolutely not customer service oriented and was almost rude to us. Not sure about foods either.
4	Arguably one of the best pho restaurant in Montreal. Portion slightly smaller than other competitors for x-large size. Very quick service.
4	Still I believe to be the best Vietnamese in Montreal.  Recently I went there on the weekend and it was stupid busy!  The servers don't even try to be nice.  They want to serve you and they want you out quick!  I ordered the XL rare beef pho and it was damm off the chart good!  With tax and tip it was $12.  Where can you seriously go wrong with this?  Maybe too busy for you in the restaurant?  Maybe not your level of politeness?  I come here for the food and not much else!  Enough said!  Try to find me a better Pho in the 514!
5	We passed this place while walking by several times over the last couple days. We knew we should eat there because there was always a line out the door and we were not disappointed. We spent $60 for 4 adults. Everything we ate was fantastic although I would never remember the long Vietnamese names of them. The service was amazingly fast.
4	Delicious place to go. Near my school university of Montreal. The size is enough for a big person also can order different rolls with great price. Except sometime you have to wait to get a table. The place is always crowd. You should not go to at high business hours.
4	La nourriture est bonne, la fraicheur et le gout des epices sont presents. Le prix et les portions sont corrects. Service rapide et froid! C'est tout le temps plein de monde et c'est petit. Mais ca va le coup car c'est bon!
4	This place was fantastic. Amazing tasty Pho. We tried the imperial rolls, spring rolls and well done beef Pho, and it was super good and fairly priced.I'd been to Chinatown places before, namely NY Pho that I love, and this place lives up to or even exceeds it. Service is fast and it gets packed, but overall a lovely meal out.
4	After seeing the reviews on Yelp I decided to try this place one evening and was not disappointed.  Since then I order take out at least once per week.  Even though it is  common to see a line at the door (and sometime outside) it never takes more than 10 minutes for my food to be prepared. I usually get lemon grass chicken or beef (creature of habit) that is as good as any that I have had anywhere else.  The gentlemen at the counter is always pleasant and appears happy to see me once again.
4	After I read about this restaurant on yelp we went there. We tried the Pho soup with chicks and beef. Both are very good, but the chicken one was better. The waiter was helpful and kind, we got our dishes fast, the prices are good. The only problem is the place is really tiny, lot of table in a small area, it wasn't so comfortable.
4	I spend far too much time at this restaurant! The soups are amazing - and although the place is always busy, the service is great. My friend has the soups with the tendons etc (and loves it), but the rare beef is amazing. Even their desserts are nice. Nothing pretentious- just delicious pho lien.
