5	Rigatony's is a great neighborhood place with service as good as its food. Try their excellent appetizers, the antipasto salad, the shrimp scampi and the grilled chicken linguine. They also make killer risotto and great tomato cream sauce. The portions are large and the prices reasonable.
4	I love Rigatony's!  Every time I go I order OFF the menu and they never sniff at me sideways.  Pasta is always perfectly cooked and the shrimp is always fresh.The Mozzarella Pullapart was icky.  Flat out.  But then again, I don't like bleu cheese and I'm assuming Gorgonzola is similar (it is in color).  Just not a fan.  The marinara is fresh and yummy (big chunks of tomato), and the apple bread pudding is TO DIE FOR!!!!  Prices are pretty durn reasonable.  Not a bad night out at all.Never had a bad meal there.  Took away one star for stinky cheese ... :P
4	walking distance from my home = good stuffinexpensive good food  = happy tummy with no regretsmultiple healthy options  = leaner roger with no regretsfrom the outside rigatony's is suspect, heck even once you get inside it looks suspect but the service and food is solid. i generally get pasta and either marinara or pesto sauce. always comes with a salad and bread. everything else i have had there is delish too but heavy and i am trying to stay lean.pass on the wine, its just too cheap to be drunk.
3	The hubbie's sister and her husband were in town and wanted to try RigaTony's since they have a friend who is a Snowbird and likes the place.  We had not eaten there in a while.  We've been eating at Olive Garden a lot, mostly because I get $25 gift cards thru work. Having gone to RigaTony's, it will definitely be the go to place when we are dining solely on our dime and want a nice dinner and salad. It is well worth the slightly higher cost per menu item.I got the chicken with lemon and artichoke...yum.  I love their house salad.  One of my bunco buddies always gets that salad when it's her turn to host.  Hubbie liked the bread (and the salad).  The hubbie got the lasagna and enjoyed it...until later in the evening when he had some major acid reflux.  Getting older sucks.   Stubborn cuss won't try my crystalized ginger remedy...I haven't had a Tums in a looooonnnnng time.We topped the evening off w/ a trip to Angel Sweet.  Yum.
5	Riga Tony's has EXCELLENT food!  Baked Riga Tony w/ Sausage and Meatballs!  Oohh yeah!  Wife and I are on our 3rd set of frequent diner cards...(in just under 3 months) :)  NEVER had a bad meal there!
5	LOVE!!! This place is awesome. It's great itialian at a decent price in a casual atmosphere. I've never had a bad meal but the Linguini in white clam sauce may very well be my favorite along side the lasagna. They have an excellent house salad as well. I've heard the pizza is good but we've never tried it. Yum... I love this place! I'm so glad we live so close =)
4	I love Rigitony's. They have good, homemade pastas. They have great lunch specials. Its affordable and fresh. I have not had the pizza. My favorite is the baked spaghetti and meatballs. Fresh and chunky marinara is amazing. I would take this place over most major italian places.
5	A Chandler favorite.. and one of my favorites as well!  I love (you guessed it) the Rigatony w/sausage.  Make sure to dine in because the salad is included and its AMAZING!  They have great "dinner for two" meal combos too.  One time they messed up our take out order and gave us Rigatony Pizza instead of the Rigatony pasta dish.  We ate it anyways and loved that too.  I have yet to be disappointed by anything on their menu.
4	UPDATE:I downgraded from 5 stars to 4 when I recalled that I do NOT like their calamari.  Mom and I are great fans of calamari and always seek it in menus wherever we go.  We love fresh calamari that have light and cruncy batter, whether it be panko, flour, or regular breadcrumbs.  Most of the time, I eat them with just a sprinkling of lemon juice.  We've given Rigatony's calamari two chances (we forgot that we had already tried it once)- the platter is heavy on the batter; very bready/doughy.  ---Great local Italian eatery with two locations (Mesa and Chandler).  Mondays thru Fridays, Rigatony's offers $6.95 express lunch specials that differ daily (I LOVE their baked stuffed shells and their chicken cutlet piccata!), as well as the early bird special (which is also offered during lunch under "Pasta-bilities"), between 4p-5p where you get your choice of pasta, sauce, and toppings (vegetarian options abound), plus AWESOME antipasto salad (rivals that of Olive Garden's) and ciabatta bread !  I love that whole wheat spaghetti is available here.My favorites are the cannelloni, the jumbo stuffed shells, the chicken piccata, and the alfredo and marinara sauces.  Check out the apple bread pudding with its awesome Frangelico caramel sauce!!
4	Has the good "home-made" taste to it's Italian food. Friendly waitresses, quick service.
5	Top notch Italian food. I have to admit that when I go there i am not the most adventurous of eaters. I typically get the pasta when i go there, but their angel hair pasta bowl is the best I have ever had. the sauce is deliciously flavored, though more a mix of Chunks of tomato and tomato sauce, while most places just serve up sauce. I'm not a huge fan of places that offer large pieces of tomatoes in places they don't belong, but they aren't heavily found so it doesn't really bother me here. I do know i have friends and family that go here and have been going here for years who order all kinds of dishes and they seem to always love it. The atmosphere feels like a cozy Italian Kitchen and the wait staff is always around.
4	Mmmm the perfect choice for our carbo loading before the PF Chang's Rock n Roll race!  The service was great, especially since it was a busy Saturday night.  Our waitress was quick to come over a give us a sample of red wine, followed by the delicious bread and salad.  I tried the Capellini Checca with whole wheat, which was a departure from my favorite of cheese ravioli.  It was different like I expected it to be, with roma tomatoes and feta, but a little too oiley for my taste.  Everyone loved their entrees, and when we kept asking for more and more bread the waitress was quick and pleasant about it.  She even split our checks - 3 ways - and was sweet about that as well.  The BIG negative for me is that their salad they bring in a big bowl to the table has salami in it......booooo for me, a vegetarian.  I would have liked to have gotten a heads up or something on the menu stating the ingredients.  Other than that, delicious Italian with great service!
5	We picked this restaurant based on the reviews I read on line. It was the one negative review that cinched it that this was the right restaurant for us. He listed dish after dish he had tried and of course knocked them all. I figured if he had eaten here so many times, the food had to be good in spite of his complaints. We arrived early on a Wednesday night and the parking lot was full. Based on our experience of eating on the road this is the best sign of a great restaurant. Gene ate the signature "Rigatony" and pronounced it delicious. As usual I was undecided and the waiter urged me to describe what I was looking for. I mentioned, angel hair and artichokes and chicken and he brought back something that was not on the menu and anticipated everything I was in the mood for. The bread was good and the salad was hearty with Salomi sliced thin and looked like sliced onions. Service was great and the restaurant nice but unpretentious. Next time in this area we will eat here again.
4	Surprise! A decent, reasonably priced Italian restaurant in Arizona. Finally, I can have the fresh, filling pasta I have been craving without driving to Scottsdale, worrying about what I am wearing and having a heart attack when the bill rolls 'round. I had the linguini in clam sauce - the tomato sauce! I don't like the white clam sauce and can't ever find the red sauce - let alone one so perfectly spiced. The rest of my table thoroughly enjoyed their dishes as well - especially the baked pasta speciality, which my husband said he will get without meat next time because you don't need it. Why not five stars? Because it was crazy loud, the old booth ate my ass (I felt like I was sitting on the floor) and the waitress seemed like she'd rather be anywhere else. Thank goodness for the food!
4	This place is like the Olive Garden but better.  It was one of the better meals (but not the best) that I had in Arizona.  All dinner meals come with all you can eat bread and salad.  The salad is good (very similar to the OG bottomless salad) with a mild creamy dressing.  The dinner portions are large.  I had the baked stuff shells, which were what you would expect.  Large shells full of creamy, herby ricotta goodness covered in marinara.  I passed on the baked Rigatoni which the place is famous for, I was told it was good, but it's not really my thing.D had the veal cannellonni which he said was really good.  I was a bit suprised to see a full side of spaghetti on his plate with it.  J had the cheese ravioli covered with a mixture of the red and white sauces that come on the baked rigatoni - she declared it wonderful.  In fact the waiter who had never served it with that sauce combo said it looked so good he was going to try it out.The wine was not good, tasted like it had gotten too hot - which I imagine is a common affliction for AZ wine drinkers.  We were stuffed by the time we left.  It's got a nice ambience, the waiters are really nice and for 3 people our bill was only $66 which in my opinion is a great deal.
5	They hook me with their house salad!!! IT has the best dressing and taste as an antipasto! GREAT.Their menu is tasty and offers variety. One of my favorites the Cannelloni. Good service and nice environment to enjoy an italian meal.
4	A long time ago, Rigatony's was a Golden Corral. Thankfully Golden Corral went out of business and Rigatony's moved in.I'm hitting broken record level here, but the oft-repeated "Olive Garden but better" is pretty accurate. Good Italian-American fare with a large, varied menu. Special requests don't scare them, the service is great, and the food is tasty and hot whether you're dining in or taking out. A lot of places just dump your food into containers; Rigatony's packages everything carefully so it stays its best and an appropriate temperature. (And they fill your salads so full the takeout boxes hardly close.)The salad is damn near the best salad ever, and if you don't save room for dessert you're really missing out. BEWARE THE PARKING. Rigatony's is packed just about every night for dinner and packed to the gills on weekends. If you're driving a large vehicle (or just aren't comfortable in cramped lots), consider parking on the street. It's a decent neighborhood, and there's enough activity I don't think I've ever heard of anyone getting broken into.
4	I'm a fan of Riga Tony's the way Chicagoans are fans of the Cubs or the Bears. They are your hometown team and you will keep going even if they let you down on occasion. Riga Tony's is in my backyard. You are not heading here to have great italian food. Tthink '70's Italian-American, the standard spaghetti and meatball, the usual chicken parm.  Don't get me wrong, the food is good, think italian diner good. The high points are the fresh baked bread, the awesome iceberg lettuce, lunchmeat salad - think '70's italian salad, and it is really good! The  entrees are all very well priced and you get great value for the price. If you are looking for a great middle of the week place that will treat you well, feed you well and not drain your wallet, Riga Tony's is the spot! Go CUBS!
2	Food was alright. I got the clams with linguine in white sauce. I prefer whole clams with their shells in this pasta dish but the one here came with the canned clams. It was a little too greasy for my taste and it had too much parmesan cheese on top of it. The salad and bread was pretty good. Probably won't return.
3	I went here on Sunday for dinner with my family. I really liked the ambiance inside, it's a nice place to go on a date or with a group of people. I *loved* the house antipasto salad! That alone made it worth coming here. I ordered the cheese ravioli with meat sauce, and everyone else ordered the lasagna with meat sauce, eggplant parmesan, and shrimp scampi. No one liked the lasagna (even though it looked so good in the picture on the menu), but everyone else enjoyed their meals. To me it's one of those places that I'd recommend trying at least once, but there are definitely better Italian restaurants out there.
3	Has it really been a year?  Well, back again for our carbo loading pre half marathon dinner!  Our reservation was at 5:15pm and we were seated right away.  This time, I knew there was salami in the salad so I asked for a small one without.  It didn't seem to be a problem and I got a pretty big bowl.  Another table over there were a couple of vegetarians too, and they asked as well.  I guess I'm selfish in that I'd like the salad with no salami.  I went with the spaghetti marinara, boring I know, and thought the sauce was too sweet.  I like a more spicy sauce.  Everyone else seemed happy with their meals though.Service was slow.  And our poor waitress seemed overworked.  She was literally hustling around, and it didn't help that she forgot a few things.  They're moving to a new location, and I'll probably be there at least once to check it out.  For carb loading next year, we'll head somewhere else.
1	WOW!  A COMPLETE AND UTTER DISAPPOINTMENT!My wife and I had been bragging on how GREAT this restaurant was to our friends and how they are going to LOVE it!  We brought a couple of our friends (one from out of state) and had some of the worst service and food that we have had.  The service was so bad that she didn't even take drink orders... we had to flag her down to get them.  The Filet and Shrimp...  For $18.50 you expect a nice steak and some shrimp... She got 2 wafer thin cardboard cutouts of steak and 4 shrimp.  The shrimp weren't bad, but the steak was horrible.  They replaced the steak with a piece of grilled chicken (cut up).Our other friend got Spaghetti...She rated it as worse than High School cafeteria food.  At least in High School you know what you're going to get.  She said that the pasta was mush.I got the Baked RigaTony...normally very good... it was very wet and half of the noodles were soggy and the other half were "ok".   My wife's was the same.The server did try to argue with us about the meal, but we asked for a manager.  The manager did comp the 2 meals and give us some coupons to go back, but I'm not sure if I want to risk that again after that!
1	Let's talk about failure, baby.Hey, if your idea of salad is punishment via tasteless lettuce and mealy tomatoes splashed with the most generic, industrial vinaigrette, you've found just the right place to BDSM your tongue. Go for it!I ordered Capellini Checca, and I had it substituted with Spaghetti (I like more girth re: pasta).  What I got was the limpest pile of spaghetti that couldn't be revived with a lifetime supply of Viagra.  The DOA pasta was topped with a pathetic sprinkling of more mealy tomatoes (the menu says Fresh Roma Tomatoes- these had the texture and taste of a dying horse's ass moreso than fresh produce).  The faint, acrid garlic tasted like it came out of a shaker bottle and not a bulb- and motherf*&k, respectable Checca should have more than 1/16 teaspoon of microscopically chopped basil.  This place makes Old Spaghetti Factory look like fine dining, and I would rather starve than be even close to that chain restaurant of culinary doom.  Hell, this place is the  disowned, cracked-out junkie brother of OSF. It's really *that* terrible.I gave them the single star only because the management was incredibly lovely, and did not charge for the unforgivable disaster masquerading as edible food worth paying for.
5	We love the food here.  Service is also always good.  The place is always busy, so you would be wise to call ahead if you don't like waiting.  Our favorite, family friendly, Italian restaurant.The salad and bread are really good.  The entrees have generous portions and are really delicious.  There is a kids menu as well.The whole restaurant is moving to McClintock and Warner in March and they said that the new building will have more parking, outdoor seating, and more space.  They promised not to change the food.  The new location will be a little farther for us, but that won't keep us from going.
5	Guess what?! They're moving! A few miles away from their current Chandler location to Tempe, on the Northeast corner of McClintock and Warner.  My family has been going to "Rigs" (as we like to refer to it) for years. We love the bread, dipped in the olive oil and special seasoning- we also like to add parmesan cheese, mmmm.I've never tasted a better chicken piccata topped with a lemon, capers, and tasty sauce. Catch this lunch special on Friday for $6.95. Friendly, efficient service and a great soundtrack to put you in the appropriate Italian mood.
4	I work just down the street from Riga Tony's and have worked in the same area for 5 years. I have found that there is a serious lack of good restaurant places, especially non-chain restaurants.I am happy to say that Riga Tony's is a lunch place that frequent and always have a great experience at.The main meals I love at Riga Tony's are the Rigatony, I work just down the street from Riga Tony's and have worked in the same area for 5 years. I have found that there is a serious lack of good restaurant places, especially non-chain restaurants.I am happy to say that Riga Tony's is a lunch place that frequent and always have a great experience at.The main meals I love at Riga Tony's are the Rigatony, which has both red and white sauce, with lots of cheese and sausages. This is a filling comfort food meal that I look forward too! The best part is even though it is the Wednesday lunch special you can order it any day.Their subs, which were just added to the menu maybe a year ago now, are probably one of the best put together subs in town. I especially recommend the Raging Bull, it has the best Au Jous I have ever had!Their salads are really good to; they have a really delish house dressing and a ranch that is like no other you have had.If you are in the area for lunch I highly recommend stopping by! Although one quick note, sometimes the wait staff can be really slow, so don't be surprised if your meal suddenly takes longer than your lunch hour...not all the time, but sometimes!which has both red and white sauce, with lots of cheese and sausages. This is a filling comfort food meal, that I look forward too! The best part is even though it is the Wednesday lunch special you can order it any day.Their subs, which were just added to the menu maybe a year ago now, are probably one of the best put together subs in town. I especially recommend the Raging Bull, it has the best Au Jous I have ever had!Their salads are really good to, they have a really delish house dressing and a ranch that is like no other you have had.If you are in the area for lunch I highlt recommend stopping by! Although one quick note, sometimes the waitstaff can be really slow, so don't be surprised if your meal suddenly takes longer than your lunch hour...not all the time, but sometimes!
4	I love this Italian restaurant. The speed and quality of the food is great. I'm a fan of Rigatony's for life. With exception to their salads, it's better than Olive Garden; but not nearly as upscale as Cafe Boa. Good stuff. They offer authentic Italian dishes that are favorites. You won't be let down.
4	The new and improved RigaTony's is open for business.   Located in the former Tres Margaritas location in South Tempe, the restaurant looks like it has been redone from top to bottom and feels more open.  There is a nice bar area and while not opened yet they are working on some outside seating just in time to enjoy the spring weather.  The food is main stream down home italian.  The place was busy and I asked the server and she mentioned since opening on April 1, they have had up to 2 hour waits. I am sure it will settle down but it would not hurt to call for a reservation for dinner.  I will definitely be surprising a friend with a trip here for lunch.  Overall a welcome addition to the neighborhood.
3	This was my first experience at a RigaTony's so I can't compare it to the "old" RigaTony's.  I actually have never even heard of the place before my friend suggested it.  I went there last night with a party of 4 at about 7pm.  I have no idea why the place was jam-packed at 7 on a random Tuesday, but good for them.  It took at least 15 minutes to get a table.Our server was pretty good though I thought he was a little overly friendly and kinda fake.  But all our food came out correctly and my diet coke was refilled in a timely manner.  Good stuff.Here is my rundown:* House Chianti = no bueno (but I like it that they bring the whole table a taste of it in little shot glass things right when you sit down...a very nice touch)* Bread = very good.  big fluffy pieces with great crust.* Alfredo dip appetizer thing = eh.  Not much flavor and you can feel yourself gaining weight and your arteries clogging.* House Salad = excellent.  your table gets a nice big bowl of this stuff.  it is very very good.  lots of great ingredients and an excellent dressing.* Lasagna = excellent.  full of meaty, cheesy, saucy goodness* Meatballs = not a fan.  the sauce is ok, but the meatballs are made with a bunch of other non-meat stuff.  tasted bready...I will not rush back but would come back to try some of their other stuff.  It all seems pretty standard for an Italian place though.
4	Love it.They have this south beach entree, where it's wheat spaghetti, with chicken, shrimp, spinach, and a light winey sauce.DELICIOUS!And, totally fits in with my diet.  I left without the heavy pasta feeling in my belly.Yay!
4	My first time to RigaTony's and I'm a fan. Great service, good food (Chicken Parmesan with Spaghetti with Marinara), and decent price.
2	after reading all the good reviews on yelp, we thought we would give it a try.  i have to admit, i was very underwhelmed.we got the 4 cheese penne, which just looked like they have taken cream and poured it over pasta and then topped with a few sprinkles of parm cheese.  it had almost no flavor.  the portion is also much smaller than i would have expected for $12.50.we also got the baked rigatony with chicken, and it had a very odd flavor.  i couldn't put my finger on what it was, but i really didn't enjoy it at all.probably the best part of the dinner was the bread, which had a nice garlic topping.  it was nice and soft and fluffy.i'm glad we tried it, but i we won't be going back.
5	If you want some mass-appeal Italian food (a la Olive Garden), this place can't be beat. The best salad anywhere (and it is unlimited).  The bread (also unlimited) dipped into a mixture of olive oil, Parmesan, and Italian seasoning is delicious.  I am usually stuffed full of salad long before my entree arrives.  I have learned that it is best to just order something I want to take home and eat for lunch the next day.  Some of my favorite entrees are the Cannelloni (if you are aren't anti-veal), Stuffed Shells and the Chicken Parm (sub Fettuccini Alfredo).I haven't been to the new location yet and I can't wait to check it out.  Hopefully it is bigger because the old place was always packed.
5	I eat there about 3 times a week!! The antipasto salad and bread are addicting and can't be beat!
1	I forgot how disappointing this local chain is. I won't make this mistake again.We went on a busy Friday night, when the restaurant was packed. Parking was more plentiful than either of the old locations, but that was probably the last plus of the evening. (Well, not quite -- the bathroom was clean.)The restaurant is poorly laid out and VERY loud. Every seat was full, making it nearly impossible to hear my boyfriend two feet away. Sitting at a table next to the main pathway along the large dining room wasn't much different from sitting on the edge of the food court in Grand Central Station. If you want to get hit in the back of the head by a half-dozen knock-off purses, this is the place to go. Our waitress was impossible to hear, but she managed to catch our orders. She didn't look us in the eye the whole evening. Her annoyance at this job was absolutely clear, and I don't blame her. The place has a miserable ambiance. I'd hide in the kitchen too.The salad was fine, though it would have been nice had the waitress had let me speak (to say I wanted to remove the onions) before she started tossing it. The bread was good.I ordered the Capellini Checca, which was absolutely shameful. This restaurant has decided to take the "cutting corners because we don't care" route that Chef Ramsey sees so often. There was about a cup of water in the bottom of the large bowl of angel hair, and the advertised "fresh roma tomatoes" were actually canned but chopped whole tomatoes. (It's June -- tomatoes are in season, for goodness sake.) It was a flavorless mess of powered garlic, a shard or two of basil, overcooked store pasta, water, and "tomatoes".You'll be far happier at Olive Garden.
5	I am extremely pleased to be able to post this new review. My last visit to Rigatony's was not what I had hoped for & as a result I only awarded them 1 out of 5 stars. After my visit I called & spoke with the owner, Chrissy. She insisted that I return as her guest and let them show their true colors. I have to say I would have been missing out, had I declined.Upon my entrance on Monday night they were busy, but never the less on top of their game! My companion & I were greeted & sat promptly. The booth was cozy & well sized. It took a while for the waitress to get to us, but as I said they were busy. She went out of her way to let us know she would be there as soon as she could. We were offered free samples of the house chianti, which was wonderful & I ordered. We decided to skip appetizers & order (though I will be going back to try them.) I ordered angel hair pasta with meat sauce & my boyfriend decided to try the chicken special (chicken over asparagus & angel hair pasta.) The meal included an antipasta salad with bread & olive oil (with unlimited refills.) The salad was to die for & the bread disappeared quickly. Both entrees had a great portion size & tasted amazing.I am pleased to say that the staff totally redeemed themselves in comparison to my last visit. I believe our waitresses name was Lisa (I could be mistaken...) she was very friendly & knew the menu back to front. The owner or manager Chrissy (as well as Stephani) went ABOVE & BEYOND to make sure we would be customers for life. & we will be. Thank you Rigatony's staff! See you soon!
1	Eek! methinks not is damn about right. Ordered the make your pasta item with chicken pesto and angellini pasta and the tiramisu. One of the worst Italian foods I have had and the chicken was definitely rancid (I am quite sure that it hadn't been stored at the right temperature and had been lying there collecting salmonella for quite some time).The tiramisu was such a disappointment what happened to the layers of ladyfinger and the delicate touches of coffee.This reminds me of the time I tried watching Gigli.The only saving grace was the history of the owner(displayed on theor menu) who allegedly was a thief and a bum. Seems like he was known for making business fail. How ironically true....
3	salad and bread delicious. entrees just ok.
4	I've never met a meal I didn't like here.  Good portions, with flavorful entrees.  At lunchtime they offer an express lunch which includes a different entree every day, salad, and bread for $6.95, usually made for you within 10 minutes (depending on how busy they are).
3	On my second trip here we actually made it to a table, be sure to go in a bit later as the 4-5pm special brings in bus loads of slow eating seniors who clear out by 6:45. It was a bit tight getting to our table the layout is not the best.After reviewing the menu we decided to start with the fried zucchini. It came before our bread and salad.  It was decent the breading had good flavor, and I liked the thinner pieces.Our Salad and bread came. and just a note to the veggies out there, remember to ask for your salad salami free, as it usually includes salami. The Salad was decent bit heavy with the creamy Italian dressing and cheese but good.For my main dish I went with the salmon pene. The salmon it self seemed to be of a lower quality, it was pre cut to little chunks and a bit over cooked,  the sauce was under the pasta making it messy to toss on the elliptical plate.The person I was with got the stuffed shells, the ricotta was a bit too creamy for our tastes. It was a decent filling meal, at a decent price but the quality is not the highest.
5	Had I only known how good the all-you-can-eat salad would be, I'd have made that my meal. It was sooo delicious, and I am used to eating high-end meals (I work in a 5 star place). I ordered the Chicken Marsala, which was better than average/ok, but my friend ordered the Chicken Piccata which I have to say was the best I have ever had. Extremely flavorful. True, it is a boisterous place, so if you are looking for quiet ambience you should go elsewhere. But if you are out to have fun with your friends...RigaTony's is a great spot! Great food, lots of fun!
4	RigaTony's has been a standby for me for as long as I can remember. I even went there for prom night, many years ago. I've been to both of the old locations, and more recently to the new one, and I've tried a good deal of their menu.I find that the quality of their food is usually pretty damn spot-on. I've been disappointed with my food only once or twice; my normal favorites like the Chicken Picatta are absolutely fantastic and topped with a great mix of tomatoes and capers and such, and perfectly cooked and breaded. The Italian Sausage is fantastic, and the stuffed shells are great too, but the alfredo is usually a bit... tacky. The sauce is a bit thick in that it's usually lopped on top and doesn't mix well, though it's pretty tasty even after that.There's enough special about this place to keep you coming back and enjoying yourself. Instead of the industrial strength, flavorless slabs of breaded sad-chicken I've found at other nearby Italian places, the overall quality is really enjoyable for "mid-range" Italian food. The prices are fantastic: $16 or so for a "Tour of RigaTony's" that includes the picatta, sausage, shells, and alfredo is spot on, and easily two meals. The bread is incredible (ask for some scampi butter instead of the oil for a fun treat) and the salad and house dressing are REALLY good. The service is hit-or-miss. I haven't been to the new location during any sort of dinner rush, just once a bit later where our server was just fine, but I've been disappointed by the service (especially at the old Brown location) so many times that I've taken to just taking out. RigaTony's travels well, and their carry-out deals include the salad, bread, and usually a dessert, including their tasty chocolate cake.Not much of an oenophile or drinker in general, so I can't comment on the wine selection at all, but overall, you can have a tasty experience here with generally high quality food all around. Little improvements could make things a lot better, and I'll have to report back the next time I visit during dinner on the service, but I've been going for years and I love the place.(Oh, one final thing: their lunch specials are INSANE. They vary from day to day, but you can be in and out in about a half hour for $7 with some GREAT food!)
5	Best authentic Italian food ever. Moderate prices, friendly staff and great food. Can never go wrong with the Tour Of RigaTony's plate.
5	Still as fantastic as ever! Great new location.To quote yelp's rating system... "Whoohoo! As good as it gets!"
5	Excellent service, GREAT food!!!  Blows Olive Garden outta the water.  Breadsticks are better, salad is better, desert is better, and larger portion at similar, if not cheaper prices.  All this without the average Joe riff-raff.  Only con, tight confined dining area.  Good location in Tempe/Chandler though, but thats cuz i live 1 mile away   :)
5	By far one of my favorite Italian restaurants! The best thing to get here: Good old Spaghetti and meatballs! The sauce is sweet but robust, chunky, and just plain good! But the star of the show is the meatballs. They are soft, have great flavor but are somehow very light. Best meatballs I have ever had! Some other great entrees are the lasagna which is meaty and rich and the rigatoni with what else, the meatballs! Baked rigatoni with marinara and Alfredo and lots of meat of your choice. The best comfort food out there! Their Alfredo is pretty good as well. Years ago when I was in high school, I was obsessed with their lobster fusilli but they took it off the menu  :(  Why does that always happen to me? So anyways, I guess I am just hoping that someone from Rigatonys will see this review and decide to bring this dish back. Although... at this point, I love their spaghetti and meatballs so much that I don't know if I would order it. Haha. And of course, I cannot complete my review without mentioning their salad and bread. The salad is so above average. Mixed greens, cheese, olives, tomato, onion, and salami make for an amazing salad already but when the house Italian dressing is added, oh my god, out of this world. The bread is warm and I love dipping it in the olive oil with oregano and basil and maybe even a little balsamic. Lastly, their they have a very good tiramisu but I don't think I can ever order it knowing what their bread pudding is like. The bread pudding is one of the better ones I have had, and with bread pudding being my favorite dessert, I have to get it if I am going to have dessert. Rigatonys has a great flavor and the right amount of spice and the apples add a different texture to it. Its very good!A few tips: You can actually buy their salad dressing and tiramisu just by going to the hostess stand. Also, Rigatonys used to be located at Knox and AZ Ave but the new location is much nicer and bigger.
5	YUM!The food here is amazing. True Italian comfort food. Generous portions at  great prices. I have used them for catering several times and have always had a positive experience, but my experience today motivated me to Yelp. A teammate called in an order for 14 people last night. I picked up the order and when I got to work, my teammate said we were missing food and utensils and had called to have it fixed,  so I had to go back. When I got back to the restaurant, the manager advised me that the order was correct, but because there was a miscommunication, she was going to make it right and provided me the food we "thought" we were missing (discovered it was indeed our fault, not RigaTony's). I really appreciate the staff going the extra mile to make it right! And lunch was wonderful! Thank you!
3	Reminded me of a toned down Buca-di-Beppo , good atmosphere , pleasant staff and copious amounts of food.The olive oil with the bread was very good.Salad was goodLasagne...okThe choice of wine was a let down.
4	Oh my goodness...a 30 minute wait at  restaurant on a Friday night...that hasn't happened in a while...it must be a good sign! I haven't had to wait at a restaurant in forever, but RigaTony's was very accommodating and would bring around samples of fresh pizza to keep you from keeling over from hunger!  Once we were seated, our waiter brought over samples of the house Chianti...what a nice touch...we had gotten free pizza and free wine and hadn't ordered a thing yet!The menu is not huge, but has a lot of the traditional Italian favorites.  We ordered the fried zucchini to start, because my sister is currently obsessed with it!.  Before we got our zucchini, we were brought a huge bowl of salad and warm bread.  The salad was a mix of lettuces, onion, olives, peppercini's and salami in a really nice dressing.  I am not usually a salad eater, but I really liked this one, and even had seconds!  The girls said that the bread was really good, especially when dipped in the olive oil and balsamic vinegar mixture.The zucchini came out and it was a huge plate of zucchini strips served with a side of basil ranch.  The strips were seasoned just perfectly, and weren't greasy at all, and the basil ranch was a nice change from the norm.  By this point, we were starting to get full, and our entrees hadn't even arrived yet!Our entrees arrived and they were all huge!  I got the cannelloni, filled with veal, spinach and cheese; they were some of the best I have ever had.  I have previously had some very, very dry cannelloni, but that was not the case with these.  They were served with a side of spaghetti, which I thought was a bit funny, but it actually worked really well together.  The others had cheese ravioli in pink sauce (she raved), spaghetti and meatballs and the RigaTony pasta with sausage.  We all really enjoyed our dishes....and we all had leftovers to take home!  And when I reheated my cannelloni, it was almost even better the next day!This is currently my favorite Italian place, so much better than VinciTorio's around the corner....and I will be visiting them the next time a craving for Italian food strikes!
3	This is a bring your whole family for a hearty happy (American) Italian meal place.  Everything is safe, so nothing magical you will remember the next day but you won't walk away saying never again.If any coworkers or visitors should ever suggest Olive Garden for a meal, for sure, I'll be sure to redirect them here.
4	New location! same great service and tasty food. I got the cannelloni again and no regrets. I wish they had more pasta options, like cappelletti or other salsas like boscaiola!. Still, the antipasto is a winner!!
3	A solid 3.5 stars. I met my boyfriend here for dinner with his parents tonight and the place was POPPIN' when we got there so there was a 20 minute wait. No biggie. This was my first time here so once we were lead in I realized the place was huge, much like the inside of a Bucco di Beppo but much more open. We were seated at a booth and our server Jared was with us shortly. We soon received our antipasto salad and ciabatta bread, both of which were very different than the norm, but very good. They have a large selection of entrees and I finally settled on the chicken fettuccine. In hindsight, I wish I would have gotten something with red sauce as I think I might have been more "wowed". My dish was good, but it was a pretty standard chicken alfredo. Everyone else enjoyed their dishes and even though they were really busy, service was never an issue. This is definitely somewhere I'd try again, especially before ever going back to a Bucco di Beppo.
4	Enjoyed a girls dinner out...  Our waiter, Christian, was so patient with us.  2 of us arrived and did not know if anyone else was going to show up.  Then as our food was arriving the 3rd showed up and then as we ordered dessert the 4th showed up.  What a challenge and he was so easy going with our long extended dinner.  The new location is a bit loud as the room is quite large.  As always the bread is tasty if you order a side of alfredo sauce for dipping.  The salad is always so fresh and you can get it unlimited for your meal for $8.50 but it is always such a nice starter.  This was a first for ordering a latte and it was actually very good, I was pleasantly surprised.  And the dessert, yum!  3 out of the 4 of us loved it.  We will definitely go back for another girls dinner and ask for Christian-he was fabulous!!!
4	Me and my friend were looking for a place to eat that was fairly cheap before I drove her to the airport.  Her Grandmother suggested RigaTony's.  She said it was a decent price for what you got.  She was more than right.  The exterior looked quaint as we drove into the parking lot.  The moment we walked in, the smell of italian food comsumed our senses.  They offered lunch specials from $6.95 and only $1.00 more for a drink.  The specials came with amazing bread and matching house antipesto salad.  Yummy!  I ordered their chicken parmigiana, which can only be described as "explode in your mouth flavor."  This was hands down the best chicken parm dish I had ever had.  My friend had the stuffed shells, which was surprisingly delish (not my fave thing to eat via italian), however the seasonings and sauce made it anything but dull.  The service we recieved was ok.  Our waiter wasn't super attentive.  He may have come to our table once after taking our order. I had to flag him down for refils on our drinks, and even that took a little bit of time.  I recommend  this restaurant.  It's well worth my drive from Goodyear to Chandler.
1	I would give Riga Tony's zero stars but I can't. Their rigatoni was the worst dish of Italian food I've ever tasted in my life. My wife ordered the lasagna and she said she would prefer a stoufer's frozen lasagna to what she was served. I have no idea how anyone could enjoy the food here. Dine here at your own risk.
3	Food gets FIVE STARS, Service takes two stars away. I know they are always busy, but then get more staff!  I do love and crave the shrimp Scampi.
5	I was so happy with this place when I went with friends for lunch last week.  The service was outstanding.  The price for the lunch specials is amazing.  The baked rigatony with broccolli was so delicious.  Was excited by the pick a pasta early bird dinner specials also.  And kids eat free on Monday.  Combine those two deals and it would be cheaper than eating at home.Can't wait to go back!!
5	I have been eating here for 10 years. I don't live in the Phoenix area. But whenever I am in town, I try to make it a point to eat here. In the past week I have made it here twice. ALWAYS, consistently good (if not great). I always order the fried ravioli appetizer,  either as my meal or as tonight, as an app, since the special sounded to good to pass up. The special was linquine with shrimp, scallops, mushrooms and spinach with a vodka cream sauce. It was outstanding.I judge an Italian restaurant by the bread. Rigatony's sets the standard. I have never had better. (That is why I say Olive Garden sucks; nasty white bread sticks as well as average salad!) Speaking of salad, they know what a real Italian salad is here; lettuce (romaine and red leaf), red onion, genoa salami, mozz cheese, black olives, tomatoes and yummy Italian dressing to top it off.I have had many different menu items over the years and they are all tasty, especially the lasagna.Happy manga!
4	Good food, good service at a cozy atmosphere. It's very family friendly but at the same time it can be a nice, casual date night restaurant. All entrees come with salad and nice, crusty bread. They toss the salad at your table when they bring it out to you. The salad is good. It's tossed in a vinaigrette dressing thats quite tasty. You can have seconds if you desire to do so. I'm usually good with one round of salad but will usually opt for more bread to use to soak up the sauce of my entree. I've only had the pastas here and I haven't had one I didn't enjoy. The meatballs are really good, here. The lasagna is tasty and meaty, though sometimes on the sweet side. On my last visit I had one of the specials on the board, which was a seafood medley pasta. It was a generous amount of seafood sauteed in a vodka pesto sauce. OMG that sauce was amazing! I would've been happy with just a loaf of bread and a bowl of that sauce to dip in as my meal. It reminded me of some kind of seafood chowder bread bowl of some sort. Delicious. Sucks that it was a special on the board and not on their regular menu because I'd order that over and over again.Service is attentive. Drinks are always filled. They work as a team here as oppose to only one person attending to each table. Prices are very reasonable. It's one of the better italian restaurants in the area.
3	What do you write when you like everything about a place... except the food?  And even then, you didn't dislike the food, it just wasn't to your taste.  You see, RigaTony's serves up some hearty, meaty, thick lasagna... but the sauce is toooooo sweeeeet.  My friend and I thought the same thing.  Unfortunately, we both liked the restaurant but are not fans of sweet tomato sauce, instead preferring a garlicy, spicy sauce.  That being said, if you are a fan of food on the sweeter side (which obviously many are since it was nicely packed)... I'd recommend RigaTony's.  The restaurant is way cute, service is great and you like the feeling you have when you're there.  It'd be good for a date, business meeting or just fun night out.  Btw, we found their tent at the farmer's market a few weeks ago and had to come in after that.  Offering up inexpensive, tasty breakfast pizza is a great marketing move! :)  And the 'sample' of wine that was delivered to our table when we first sat down was a good move too.  I'd go again if friends wanted to meet here but I'd order something that did not have a tomato-based sauce.Might not see ya there!
4	I tried this place on the recommendation of a co-worker, and I brought 3 family members.  The first contact with our waitress was her carrying 4 shots of the house wine, and after she found out that only two of us were over 21 years old, she poured the 4 drinks into two glasses and I enjoyed it immensely.  I even ordered a glass of it.  She either didn't hear me or she forgot, and the wine never arrived (oh, well).  We ordered an appetizer (baked ravioli), and the waitress brought us a large salad and we only ate half of it.  A short while later, our entrees arrive, and each one was awesome!  I could've enjoyed each one.  By this point, I'm so stuffed full, that I could only eat half my entree, and we all asked for boxes.  We ordered dessert, and even took half of that home!  I had already paid at this point, and we waited for an endless 15-20 minutes until the waitress noticed that we still needed her to bring us a box for the dessert.    And now, the big three:Service:  Excellent.  Our server gave detailed answers on every question we had while we ordered.  She was attentive to refill our drinks, yet not to the point of being annoying.Price:  Super expensive.  Most of the entrees were $10-15, so this can only be a family restaurant for special occasions.  They will easily miss the entire market of routine family meals, because of their high prices.Taste:  Everything we tried was liked by all.  In the end, I will be going back, since both the food and atmosphere was excellent.  I'm ready to try something that we didn't try the first time.
5	this place is awesome i love that it is local! the lunch specials are amazing super fast and super cheap. the patio is beautiful :)
4	My mom took me here for lunch, the patio was very nice and cozy for our lovely spring weather. We went on a Saturday, and we had the $6.95 lunch specials in which you can choose from any of the specials that run M-F. You get a nice size meal with salad and their yummy Ciabatta bread. The server was very friendly.   I took my husband there a week later for dinner on a weeknight. Again I choose the patio which was even more cozy at night. My only grunt to the evening meal was it was a but pricy, but the quality and the service made it worth the while. The portions were big and we each had leftovers for lunch. Will defitnitely be back, the food is really good and so far the service has always been great too!
4	Nice place, I like the remodel. The service was great, food was good. The lunch specials include several good deals. I went for a late lunch so service was fast with only a few customers.
5	I am baffled that anyone would give this place 1 or 2 stars! they must be disgruntled ex-employees that got canned or just plain haters.I can't have enough of Rig's! EVERYTHING here is delicious!start with the garlic clams for appetizers. it is so damned good you will want to soak up the remaining juice with your bread.the starter salad is great! it has many ingredients and it is fresh. I love this salad so much, I ate it as an entree in one of my visits.there are many entrees that I love here. I usually go with the tour. it's a combination of lasagna, chicken picata, salsiccia, rigatoni, and a pasta shell stuffed with cheese (I think).everything here is a hit. everyone has their own opinion and will like one dish more than the other. I do agree with a past yelper about the tomato sauce being a little sweet in the lasagna. other than that, I can't find anything wrong with this place.service has always been great. I'm starting to get annoyed with people that count the seconds that it takes to get refills on water and s**t like that. PLEASE PEOPLE! it's not like you're dining at the Ritz!it's a mom & pop place that charge reasonable for what I consider a tasty meal. I will dine here ten times over before eating at your typical AZ Chillis, Applebees, & TGIF.one last thing. Dan, who last served me, makes a great cappuccino!
5	Went here for a date last week and I really liked it!  The hostess greeted us right away and took us to our table.  I don't know if she could tell we were on a date or what but she gave us a great corner booth that was a little secluded which was nice.The waitress came out right away and had a thick Italian accent (always a really good sign when you're at an Italian restaurant!).  She made recommendations and knew how the food was cooked when asked.  I decided to go with the Chicken Parmesan (I know it's not that creative but I love it!) and my date got the Chicken Marsala.  Both were great.  Our plates were cleared when we left.  Before the meal you get salad and crispy garlic bread both of which were also yummy.  Also my water glass never got empty which, to me, is the true test of how good a restaurant's service is.  I'll definitely be returning!
5	After a few trips to Riga Tony's for lunch I am a fan... They have a great weekly lunch special each day for $6.95 each dish comes with a really good Antipasta salad with a really good dressing.  The ciabatta bread is always really fresh and hot great for dipping.. I highly recommend the baked rigatony with Italian sausage Wednesday and baked stuffed shells Thursday. I will be back for sure it's great good with great prices.
5	Since I moved to AZ from NY about a year ago, I have been disappointed  by  dozens of AZ restaurants that claim to be "New York Style". Not just Italian restaurants. I'm just as disappointed by AZ yelpers who think they know what authentic NY style is. So it was, with trepidation, that I heeded the advice of the reviews previous to this one, and booked a table for ten for a pre theater dinner. Well, you see the five stars. How good is RigaTony ?Lets start with service. We were pretty late for our 4:30 reservation after being stuck in traffic on the 10. They held the table, no problem, on a very busy evening. Even though we ordered our plates after 5 we got the early bird specials and the $3 glasses of wine. Again, not a problem. Our waitress was very friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and very efficient. Sodas and waters were refilled without prompting. Sorry, I didn't get her name. The food. Fresh Chapati comes to the table almost immediately . There are bottles of olive oil and small dishes of freshly chopped garlic too.  Make your own concoction. The early bird pasta dishes offer a good variety of  pasta and accompaniment, are plentiful, tasty and offered in fresh semolina or whole wheat and a great value at $6.95. Three of us ordered the veal parm which we all agreed was tender, tasty, and large enough to satisfy. The sauce was thick, tangy and garlicky, much like Carmines or many of the midtown (Manhattan) Italian eateries. Also ordered at our table was lasagna and a clam and mussel dish. All were very happy with their meal. The tab for it all was very reasonable.This is not a franchise restaurant. It is the real deal. RigaTony could make it in NY. The fact that it is in Tempe is, i think, fantastic.
5	Best Italian food in Arizona is an understatement!. I grew up in New York around Little Italy and have to say the food at Rigatony's is authentic....delicious beyond words! I tried linquine with marinara and shrimp - the sauce was perfect. My husband had the creamy clam sauce with spaghetti and said it was the best dish he 'ever' had!! The bread and antipasto salad is to die for. You can buy a loaf of bread to bake at home! another plus! The ambiance is wonderful, the service is amazing! If you want to be treated like family and enjoy a delicious 'real italian' meal then this is the place for you.  I never said these words before but its 'better than my Moms and Grandma's food)!  I hope the sky doesent open up and swallow me now!!!
2	Want to know a secret on how to waste nearly $50 in less than an hour? Come to RigaTony's! My husband and I live right down the street from here and watched as it was being built wondering what it would be. When we found out it was a RigaTony's I became disinterested. I have never eaten here and had no desire to, that is until my husband decided he wanted to try it. He knew it was an italian place and he likes to find new places where he can eat a bowl of pasta. I stalled going here as long as possible but Friday night I finally gave in and we went to dinner here. I think we came in around 6, which I guess is right before the dinner rush because there was no wait, but when we left less than an hour later there was a line out the door. And thank god we didn't have to wait because the people who line up to eat here are total fools.The service was quick and our waitress was really friendly. That is the only reason this place gets more than 1 star. She was quick to bring us water and take our order. We decided on the portabello cloud as an appetizer, which sounded interesting. I ordered the fettuccine alfredo and my husband ordered some seafood with pasta and cream sauce special that was being offered. Salad and bread comes with the meal and luckily I had read before hand that the salad comes with salami so I requested the salad without it. The only way that I can really describe this place is a lower quality Olive Garden. And I hate Olive Garden. The salad is basically the same with lettuce, red onions, tomato, black olives, and peppers, but instead of a decent italian dressing that I can stomach, this one is coated with cheese and a heavy dressing. I barely finished one serving, but I watched as the table across from me (two women and one child) devoured two bowls of it. Ugh. The bread was just ok. Its just bread. Our appetizer comes out and it was not what I was expecting. It was a portabello mushroom filled with cheese and a few smigens of tomato and spinach, deep fried and placed on top of a pool of basil cream sauce. If you don't care about fitting into your pants the next morning, this could be tasty. Our entrees were the same. Low quality Olive Garden fare. My $12 fettuccine was an embarrassment to the name. I make amazing fettuccine for less than $12 that can feed four people!! Do people actually come here and eat this garbage when you can make so much better at home?? And apparently there is flour in the sauce to make it thicker. Not necessary and made me lose my appetite quite frankly. My husband liked his meal at the restaurant but started to feel sick as we were leaving and we took our leftovers home but they ended up in the dumpster on the way into our house because we couldn't stomach the thought of eating this food again. When we got the bill and our total came to $40 I about passed out. I had to leave the tip in cash because I couldn't stomach the thought of adding more to our credit card. What a complete waste of money. The food was bad. Bad bad bad. Heavy, greasy, everything was covered in cheese or some kind of cream sauce. I hope this experience made my husband realize that food can be so much better. I hardly ate the next day just to counteract the amount of calories I ingested in this meal.One more note. I know this is a "family restaurant", but seriously. If your newborn baby is screaming its head off and the restaurant is full of people, please take the baby outside until it calms down. Its just downright rude when you let the kid scream in a place full of people who didn't come there to listen to your baby scream.
5	With some hesitation in my part, my wife and I drove from grandale to check this place out. I'm glad that we made the trip. Only good things to say. Great food, great service, clean store. The one thing that did suck was that I could not make my mind up on what to order. When I settled, I chose the Italian chops, the best pork chops that I have ever eaten. I am looking forward to our next 30 mile trip to rigatonys very very soon
5	Rigatony's is a staple in my family. Since they have moved locations it has been busier and little longer wait..but it is definitly worth it!! At their old location it was so hard to park and in the middle of downtown Chandler which I personally hate driving through..so when when we found out they were moving we were pelased. In Danielle T's review she said it was a chain and it definitly is not..it is a family owned restuarant here in AZ. Anyways...they bring out Amazzzzzzzzing bread and salad to start! Just the way we like to start our meal :) I always get the Veal with Lemon and Artichokes which is just TO DIE FOR! I always want to venture out but can't ever manage to make myself do so. The husband always orders the Baked Rigatony w/Sausage and he loves it also! The house Chianti is also delicious according to the husband...I dont know though since I dont like red wine. I dont know how anyone could ever say this place is lower quality than Olive Garden? I really feel like she had no place or point of view to be writing that. Rigatony's is AWESOME and we will keep going back :) :)
5	RigaTony's has become a staple restaurant in our family.  Italian is synonymous with RigaTony's here.  When we have guests from out of town (and I grew up in an Italian communitty so all of my relatives are darn picky about their Tally food) EVERYONE requests that we go to that "great Italian place" with the great food.  We have local family that will drive down to the East Valley from Anthem, just to join us for dinner at Riga Tony's.  I cannot think of one thing that I or my family has eaten here that was not superb.  We have had Chicken Marsala (which I won't eat anywhere else), spaghetti and meat sauce/meatballs, Alfredo, Stuffed Shells, Lasagne, and their famous Baked Rigatony.  As a note, to anyone going for the first time...order the fried ravioli, if your cholesterol can handle it.  It is AMAZING!!!  Additionally, service at RigaTony's has always been top tier, in my book.  Even our most picky guests delight in the level of service we get there.  This food is clearly not commercial and the restaurant has a somewhat simple spin on family Italian. Their pasta is always perfection and the sauces are consistently terrific.
4	I came here on my birthday for lunch and I had a blast.  I know dinner there is always busy but the wait is worth it if you like Italian food. The menu is small and caters to those who like pasta, pizza, etc. I am vegetarian and there were a lot of options available still.  The service was perfect (thank you Celina). My favorite pasta sauce is the red pepper alfredo one. They gave me a lot of food and its worth the money you pay for.  For lunch I usually spend about $10.  I got  a salad and built my own pasta.
1	Not much to say. Bad food, below average service mixed with overpriced menu, equals, not going back any time soon!
5	First - this is not a chain restaurant. Check out their website and you will learn that this is a locally owned business that has been in the valley for years. They used to be located in Chandler but moved to Tempe not too long ago. I have to say I'm pretty shocked by the negative reviews because this place is so good and the line out the door and typical 45 minute wait on weekend nights pretty much sum it up. And I don't think it's because we are "fools" who like "garbage?" Ouch. Antipasto salad is offered before your meal - and it is yummy! They also offer you a shot of wine which is a practice I'm glad they have continued over the years. The baked Rigatony is like crack - it will melt in your mouth and is a must have. The tomato cream sauce is also to die for. Be sure to get there early or call ahead if you try this place on a weekend night, the place does get busy! My husband and I just ate their Monday night and we did not have a wait, but every table was full.
1	NO LONGER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE! Won't be going back and you shouldn't either!!! If I can give 0 stars I would! My family and I always go to Rigatonys for the past 6 years since before they moved BUT today marks the last time! Don't bother going! All I have to say is they are very rude. They don't care about their patron like they use to. Service has lowered as well. I'm extremely disappointed.  Save your money, don't spend it here.
4	Great Italian. I have only eaten once at the restaurant, but have used a dozen times for special events. They have a great catering menu. Order some large portions and you have a quick way to cover a party. The chicken parm is a favorite along with all their salads. Warner and McClintock area, check it out.
4	Had an excellent experience.  The server was very attentive and the food was delicious.  The atmosphere was quite cozy and a nice departure from other Italian restaurants that I consider over-the-top.  Or, maybe I should shut my buca.  Can't wait to go back....
4	Went to RigaTony's on Friday for lunch - this was my first visit to this to this establishment in a long time. This is the relatively new Chandler location, and I really like the way they have the restaurant and patio arranged.We were seated immediately, but afterward it took ten minutes before a server stopped at our table to take our orders. It was exceptionally busy, the server did apologize for the delay, and other than that glitch the service was fine from then on, so it wouldn't be anything that would keep me from returning.This time I ordered the four cheese ravioli, which was really good - I would recommend this to anyone. The antipasto salad, which I have always enjoyed at RigaTony's, was great - as was the freshly baked bread that they provided to snack on.In the past I have been a little reluctant to choose RigaTony's because I wasn't really a big fan of their menu, but after this visit I noticed that they offer more of a variety of food choices that are certain to keep me coming back.
5	2nd time there in a week.  Very good customer service.Pro's:  The salad and bread that are served with the meals is A#1.  The salad is filled with good stuff (that costs money... not cheap)...  and the bread, yum!First time through I had the baked Rigatoni.  Well, I was a little disappointed because I was expecting more marinara sauce. Second time (today) had Meatball sub.  WOW.  This was killer.  The bread was a knockout and then I finally got my marinara sauce.  YUM x10.  Good job Riga Tony's.Price is right where it needs to be.  A good value (and I would say especially for lunch).Con's:  Hard to say really.  With all the Italian options this one really for the money and cooking a good find.  I've heard about it for years but just never got there.  So glad I did this week (and to think it is right down the road from me).  Will be back!
4	Amazing family owned Italian restaurant.  I always take out of town guests here and they love it.  The new building in great but it still gets busy on the weekends.  I recommend making a reservation if you don't want to wait.The Chicken Piccata is probably my favorite dish.  Crispy chicken with a yummy sauce and it comes with a side of pasta.  I usually ask for angel hair with tomato cream sauce.My only complaint is when I ordered chicken on one of my pasta dishes once it was very over cooked.  They apologized and removed the chicken charge from my bill.  They offered to make me a whole new dish if I wanted.  Very accommodating.
2	I really wanted to like this place.  We have been looking for reasonable Italian food not too far from our house.  Unfortunately, in the end we decided we did not like it enough to go back.  We had the take out chicken picata special.  The bread was strange, not bad but not italian and certainly not ciabatta.  I liked the salad alot.  It it an antipasto salad so it has lots of things in it like pepperoncini.  You have to like that type of salad to enjoy this. Canned black olives did not help it. The fetuccini alfredo was terrible.  It tasted strongly like nutmeg.  When I taste something like that it tells me they did not use good enough ingredients to let it stand on its own.  I have had real Alfredo at Alfredos of Rome in Miami Beach.  Whicle I don't expect that quality of food here, the real stuff it very delicate and rich - butter cream and real parmagian cheese, nothing else.  The chicken picata was good as long as you did not expect chicken picata.  It had no lemon in it.  It was a nice dish, breaded chicken with mushrooms, capers, tomatoes etc, but it definely was not chicken picata.  Desert was chocolate haselnut cake.  It probably is very good if you like chocolate and coffee together.  neither of us like this.  So out of every thing we got, the chicken was OK, but not what it was supposed to be and the salad was good for that type of salad.
5	Maybe I'm becoming a softy with my recent ratings.  I don't know...but the Phoenix Valley is a foodie paradise, that much cannot be argued.  So I find myself having a hard time figuring out why I shouldn't give this place 5 stars.  The few complaints others had, I did not experience.  I went in here on a Monday night.Service:The moment I walked in, 2 attentive ladies (one the official greeter), they were willing to seat me right away at a table, I opted for the bar.  They were friendly and nice.  Kevin I believe was the name of the bartender.  He not only tended bar but took orders for the bar and the whole area out there.  I point this out because even despite that, he was on top of everything, I did not wait any amount of time for anything, and he was friendly and informative.  Asking questions about the menu, he was versed in it and helped me decide even on the sauce to top the lasagna I ordered.  I opted for the sweeter marinara instead of the beef sauce...and oh my was that a good recommendation.So...that brings us to the food:I got the lasagna with the sweet marinara sauce.  It all complemented each other perfectly and tasted excellent.  I just finished off the other half I brought home...and like any good lasagna...tasted just as good on reheat as when fresh.  The fresh bread they serve with the meal too...very good.  The drinks...he was on top of it and they too were good.  So again....maybe I'm getting soft....but I can't find any reason whatsoever to dock this place anything.  I enjoyed every interaction I had with their staff...heck...I'd almost go as far as to say I felt welcome there as if I'd walked into someone's home.  The barkeep was on top of the service.  ...and the food was great.  So...5 stars it is.
5	My fav Italian place in the Valley.  They make the most amazing red sauce....the white sauce is amazing too.  I LOVE the salad that is with the meal.  Lots of food for the money.  The staff is great, the place is clean.   A MUST try in the Valley!!!!
5	We USED to be RigaTony customers back in the day when they 1st opened their location at Az ave and Knox. Went there for years...until the neighborhood and  RigaTony's quality and service went WAY downhill. It was no big surprise when that location closed. We quit going altogether.On a whim, (and hoping for the good old days when this place was one of our faves...) we tried their "new" location-- at Warner / McClintock-- I guess it has been there about a year+ so I figured that was enough time to get it together.Lucky us, Monday night is "Kids eat Free" night. With two toddlers in tow, this was a bonus!Not packed, but kind of busy for a Monday , we were greeted and seated right away. Our server was right on us and got our bev order. She also suggested that she could put the kids order in 1st, so they would not have to wait...great idea.The herb-bread with olive oil for dipping was even better than I remembered. And the antipasto salad included with the meal had generous portions of meat, cheese, tomatoes,onion, peppers, olives with house dressing, was fresh and very good. My wife who is allergic to onions, asked our sever to make her a salad without, and she was very accommodating...Not really sure what to try, I opted for the "Tour of Rigatony" plate which included a generous (more than a sample) portion of what I guess is their more popular items:Chicken Picatta, stuffed shells, fettucinni alfredo, and a huge italian sausage ( kind of spicy, to my delight!). This dish is for the hungry appetite...I brought half home; it's a lot of food for $14.95!The wife ordered the Capellini Seafood dish: Clams, mussels, shrimp sauteed in a very light white wine/butter and herb sauce, placed over angel hair pasta. She seemed to really enjoy it. I tasted it and the seafood was fresh and prepared very nicely. It also was a large serving.We remembered that in the good old days, Rigatony's desserts were awesome, so we ordered the Tiramisou, and chocolate layered cake. These were truly scrumptious! All in all, it was a wonderful dining experience.... service and food was great! Price was very reasonable for the amount of food...The Mgr was making his rounds to each table making sure our evening was satisfactory....I related my story as a returning customer, and told him that they have won us back as regulars! The biggest compliment was from our 5 year old: "This is WAY better than Olive Garden! "
4	I love RigaTony's shrimp scampi.  It is my absolute favorite dish.  However, I always listen to the specials of the day, because they have usually been excellent when they've caught my fancy.  I rarely have an unpleasant experience at RigaTony's.  I'm always delighted by the salad and bread, have sampled a variety of their appetizers, and I find their spumoni delicious!
4	This was my first time ever eating here and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. Not a big fan of the olive garden type Italian eatery but Rigatonys is definitely no olive garden!! Food tasted fresh and like it actually was JUST made! I had the twice baked Rigatoni and nothing about it was boring or stale. I also like that we got to sample the house wine without feeling pressured to order. We were not rushed, and the server was very friendly. WILL come back to eat here again!
5	RigaTonys family owned Italian restaurant ~         "Fa get about it" ~  Talk about fast, talk about service talk about freshness ~ fa get about it... Hey there Yelpers out there, I went to RigaTonys today with of course my office crew, this time "Gabe" called the place.  Gabe has been bragging about this place for months so off we went.  After all that hype, I was ready to lay the hammer down--- they laid the hammer on me... I'am hooked for life. Wow! these folks just serve great homemade style cooking, fresh, hot, large servings and our drink glasses never made it 1/2 before our friendly waitress was on it.   Oh!! did I mention there was about 18-20 of us in the group hmmm,  and they never missed a beat.  These folks know how to serve you and serve you quiclky, I was also, shocked at how much food was heading out the front door.  They do catering too.  Great stuff,  Everyone knows I can cook and I love to out do the local resturants but me and my buddies agreeed leave the Itailian cooking to RigaTony's when you can just go there eat and be merry.                             A++
4	My girls and I were in the mood for some pasta and didn't want the normal stuff from Olive Garden, and I remembered driving by RigaTony's plenty of times, so I asked them if they were up to trying a new place out, they said yea let's do it!We got their about 7:50 on a wed night, our waitress was Sharon, she was excellent!! Made sure we were well taken care of! The antipasto salad, omg that was soo delish! I could make a meal out of just that! And meals come with unlimited Ciabbatta bread!!! OMG that's my all time favorite bread!! And its unlimited!! Just upset that I couldn't eat a lot of bread :( got full from all the great food!One daughter ordered the chicken fettuccini alfredo that looked very good, might get that next time, and other daughter and I ordered the baked RigaTony, she got it with sausage and I with chicken. It was like penne pasta, marina sauce with a cheese base, omg it was soo good, I was soo stuffed but couldn't stop eating!My daughter saw this bus boy she thought was cute and told me that he was going to be her next boyfriend and I said oh really now? She is shy so I like to tease her, I told her ok I will find out what his name is, I asked Sharon and she told us it was Randy, then my daughter wote him a little note saying hi and text me! Sadly Randy has not, but she had fun at RigaTonys and is down to go back with me! Look forward to many other tasty meals!
5	I have to be honest, the last few Italian places I've been too didn't impress me so I wasn't too excited to go to RigaTony's. Boy am I glad I went! Service: absolutely perfect. Not too over the top but just enough to provide the quality attention I needed. Refills were prompt, questions were addressed, smiles all around.Food: so great! I got the stuffed parmesan shells - YUM! They filled me up and left me wanting more. I tried my date's chicken alfredo pasta and almost wished I'd had that too. Seems like you can't go wrong with what you order here. Plus the house salad and bread added a great touch. The ambiance and restaurant itself was clean, bright, and smartly decorated. Plus this place is a LOCAL business. Why not try it out? Plenty of parties in here were 6+ - may be the spot to take a large group of friends or family.
1	Okay, Food gets a 4 star- SERVICE gets ONE STAR! It's too bad I like their food so much or I would vow to NEVER return. Every experience (about four or five) has been a complete nightmare. There service has been soooooo slow! I mean, 2.5 hours for two people to sit and eat Italian food is just not okay! And that is after you wait 30-45 minutes to sit down. The servers seem to lack experience and don't tend to your table very well...you can expect to be waiting for drink refills and wait and wait and then beg. I have even talked to managers there about their awful or lack of service and it was like they could care less what I was saying. I even emailed the Owner or Manager per the email address on the site about the worst restaurant experience in my life (and I dine out at least once a day) and I did not even get the courtesy of a response. A simple, I'm sorry to hear that happened to you would have been all I was looking for. I was so upset I have not eaten there since. I dont' care that their food is good; service is key, and treating your customers like they're disposable is not okay with me. If you are thinking about eating here, please carefully consider if you want to have a good chance of ruining your night and that you may also have a disaster experience at this restaurant. Hopefully this will save someone some agony.
5	Rigatony's is hands down the best Italian restaurant in Tempe.  Great food, full portions, and awesome service.
2	We were misguidedly sent here for Valentine's Day, not realizing it was a shopping center-Olive Garden type of place. We love Italian so decided to give it a try. The atmosphere was pretty awesome, great interiors. We did have a reservation but we still had to wait about 15 minutes on a Sunday night at 6. I can't speak for all their staff, but our waitress took about 10 minutes to get us waters, at which point we order wine, which took her about 20 minutes to get to us. Ordered entree and appetizers, which the appetizers came out approximately 5 minutes before the entrees. I am a pescatarian and when I asked for a house salad with no meat, she was very rude. The food was just ok, my only complaint is that I ordered the seafood bake, which was not baked, it was just a MASSIVE pile of pasta with 4 tiny scallops, 3 shrimp, and a few flakes of some unknown whitefish. Misleading name, almost no seafood and it wasn't cheap. (Calamari app was excellent.) WORST PART OF THE EXPERIENCE: They have giant portions so I took most of my meal home. The waitressed boxed everything in the kitchen for me, and when I ate some the next day, there were shards of broken beer bottle in my food. :( I'm sure the boxes were sitting behind the bar and someone had an accident and she just didn't notice them but...it was pretty awful.
1	Please keep in mind I like this place.  I like it enough to want to spend a LOT of money here for a special treat for my staff.  I will not likely eat here again.  Here is a letter I wrote to the management:==========================================Today I attempted to obtain a reservation for next Tuesday. We have a party of 16 who will be looking to celebrate the end of the tax filing season. I was informed that it is against policy to take a reservation of that size, opting instead to ensure you have room for walk-ins. I have no doubt that your restaurant is successful and that things are going well. However, I find it strange that any company would turn away guaranteed revenue in favor of the unknown on an evening in the middle of the week. Perhaps if it were the weekend, I would understand, but on a Tuesday? When my staff called two weeks ago attempting to schedule, they were given the same answers I was this morning. I simply could not believe it, so I had to call myself. They were given the answer of "we need to make sure we have enough staff on the floor." I would expect that, if scheduled in advance, you would be able to plan for your staffing. I would also assume that a previously unscheduled staff member would be happy to come in for a two hour shift in exchange for a guaranteed tip of over $150 (at 20%). I look to Rigatony's as a great neighborhood restaurant that would be outstanding to plan a special occasion such as ours. Apparently I was incorrect, unless the party is 12 or less people. I wish you best of luck in the future.
4	1. Baked Rigatoni is where its at. great marinara with cheese mixture.2. Lasagna is average at best.3. Salad is great. different than Olive Garden. Clams good too!
5	Food is fantastic, Staff is attentive, and ambiance is great!  Just what a neighborhood restaurant should be.  My family from Los Angeles come and visit often and their 1st request is Rigatony's !!!  Patio is beautiful !  You won't be disappointed!!
4	Cheap and good, family type feel...
5	JACKPOT!  This is what I love about the Chandler / Tempe area.  I have yet to have bad Italian.  Thursday night at 6pm, THIS PLACE IS PACKED.  I think we were the last table to be seated before they went on a wait.The service was excellent.  The food was OUTSTANDING!  I was starving when I came in, I left stuffed!  Shrimp and Shells and Veal Picatta and Calamari.  All of it was FANTASTIC.  This will be the place I bring people when they come to visit.
5	OMG Amazing!!! Don't you want to kick yourself when you've lived somewhere for a while and JUST find amazing eats that apparently everyone else knows about?  Everything was Awesome! We had the zukes, bread, salad (sorry Olive Garden you've been topped), lasagna, baked rigatoni, and pork tenderloin.  Portions are gi-normous..thank you for my dinner the following night!
5	Anytime I feel like some good Italian food our family heads to RigaTony's. The antipasto salad to start off your meal is amazing and the warm fresh baked ciabatta bread, we just cant get enough. The Capellini Checca is my favorite dish by far, especially when you are looking for something different then the basic Italian food. On my last visit I was even told the story of how the drink the Eleanor had come to be, and it was definitely worth putting on the menu, We have never gotten anything but outstanding service, and whenever friends and family come to town RigaTony's is always my recommendation.
4	Great food but poor wine selection, especially for an Italian restaurant. This was even after they redid their wine list. And if you want to taste it first they bring it in a shot glass which kills the flavor.  Still the cheese ravioli was amazing.
5	OMG! Just one visit and I love this place already!  I love the down home authentic feel of the place.  So happy to find an "Olive Garden alternative".  We came for lunch and had a wonderful meal:  Eggplant Hoagie, Express Chicken Picatta & Badaboom Chicken.  The meal came with a basic salad and bread (no charge for extra bread & salad).  And the best part is the prices are so reasonable!  A great place to get lunch!
5	Yup it's confirmed... Rigatony's is definitely a 5!  We had the sweetest waitress Nancy.  This time we went for the Chicken Florentine, Eggplant Parmigiana & the Carb Smart Chicken Linguine.  Everything was delicious!  Just found out they have a punch card so I will definitely be making some use of that!
1	Don't get all the 5 star reviews AT ALL!!! We went there for our friend's birthday because she and her husband love the place. What a disappointment! The salad was average, the bread was mediocre and the main course was overpriced and tasteless. My husband ordered Seafood Fettuccini and said that the fish was tasteless and the whole dish lacked flavor. Well, I tried it and compared to mine it was a bouquet of flavors! I ordered Capellini Pescatore described as "clams, mussels and shrimp in white wine, lemon, butter, and garlic sauce" and got this blob of angel hair swimming in broth like tasteless liquid with tasteless (have to use this word over and over again) mussels, clams and shrimp. Very disappointed! I don't know how you can possibly call any of that food "outstanding". Will definitely not be back! The only good thing about the place was the service - the waitress was very nice and quick. But if you actually wanna go have some good Italian food don't bother, it's awful.
4	Good neighborhood Italian restaurant.  Line can be a bit long after 6pm.  Take out family specials are pretty good.Bread and salad come w each entree and are very tasty.  Pasta source is good but can be a little heavy on butter and/or cheese.  Overall, great value for the money.
5	Our first time here and it was great enjoyed everything wonderful family restaurant
5	I should start out by saying I have worked in the restaurant industry all my life. It takes a lot to impress me.From the moment we got out of our car - the place was busy, and it smelled amazing. We walked in to a friendly hostess who was able to seat us right away. We sat and looked over the menu for a moment when the manager came over to greet us. I thought it was because maybe our waitress was busy (double sat, getting an order, etc...). She offered us a wine sample and gave us a little history of the restaurant. She also listed out some of the house favorites. I watched the manager as the night went on and realized she greets every table! That is a really nice touch.I also noticed during our meal a busser was cleaning tables near us. He wiped down each condiment shaker, the entire table (didn't miss a spot), and the seats! Thoroughly clean - made me feel good about where I was eating.The server, Asia, came by to take our order - very nice and very hospitable. The service although a little slow was amazing how calm she seemed with a full section and how much personable service we got. She was professional and very good at all the things I look at in a server: clean appearance, genuine smile, multitasked, up-sold, invited us to come back by telling us about lunch specials and giving us a "punch card". Overall, a great price - most pasta dishes are about $12-$16. Each meal came with a salad (better than Olive Garden's) and amazing bread. I had so much trouble picking what I wanted to eat and cannot wait to go back and try everything else. Everything tasted good, looked good, and we left full, happy and a little box of leftovers. Overall - one of the BEST places I've eaten in the last year! Well done Riga Tony's! I am impressed and recommend anyone who likes food to eat there!
4	Rigatony's I have probably reviewed you before but must do it again. I love your food, I love your service, I love your shot of chianti at the start of the meal, I love your salads and pastas. Mostly, I love how close you are to home and your food that feels like home. I can honestly say that you're my favorite Italian restaurant for these simple reasons. Keep doing what you do and I'll keep coming back.
3	Good food...lousy service
4	The pork chops are awesome.  The red sangria is evil & delicious.  The fried zucchini with the hot peppers is an amazing appetizer.  The pasta dishes are all great also.  The place gets full during peak hours so you might want to plan ahead for that.
5	Absolutely the BEST Italian Food!Our family has been going to RigaTony's since they opened the original location in '94. We've celebrated many Birthday's, Mother's Days and other special occasions here. Our whole family loves the food, the atmosphere, and because the portions are huge - leftovers the next day!The antipasto salad is always fresh with just the right amount of dressing and the crusty ciabata bread a perfect compliment. Everything is homemade and authentic - my favorite is the cheese ravioli with meat sauce. My teenage kids love the pizza and the shrimp scampi. The service is usually very good, but they can be busy - even on week nights. I would definitely recommend making reservations if possible. I give RigaTony's extra credit for serving dinner till 10 PM - I often work late and most restaurants in the area quit serving at 8:30-9:00. Nice to know there's a comfortable, relaxing place to unwind after a long day.Pricing is very reasonable for the quality and portions. Highly Recommend!
4	RigaTony's is a mile from our house and even though there are other choices it's our go-to for local Italian. The dinner specials are terrific; great food, great prices.  We've never waited more then10 minutes to be seated and the service is top notch.  They have a loyalty program for regulars which we use and appreciate.  1 star deduction for a relative absence of healthier menu options (which I know is tough for Italian).  There always a fish plate and an option for whole wheat spaghetti but the single low carb menu option is only so-so.  All in all, RigaTony's is a winner.  Don't miss your chance for a restaurant meal that feels a lot like home.
4	Had their 3pm - 5pm $7.50 lunch special which was very very good.The antipasto salad was absolutely delicious and worth the price of the meal all by itself.  I had the rigatoni with meat sauce and a meatball which was very good. Large portion and plenty of sauce, which I like.The cibata bread was ok.  Would prefer garlic bread, but I am not complaining. For the price, it was hands down a great deal. Oh, and the service was prompt and our server was very friendly. I will make this a regular stop whenever I am in Phoenix.
4	One of my favorite italian restaurants.  I'm convinced I can survive on their antipasto salad and cibata alone.  I always switch back and forth between two favorites: spaghetti and meatballs or the baked rigatoni. I also really like the chicken marsala.  And if you ever have room, do yourself a favor and order the cappuccino pie. So delicious!
4	Very good Italian food.  Never had a bad dish there.  The atmosphere has just the right feel to it.  Not chain restaurant, but not overly quirky either.  Just a nice comfortable place to sit, eat and converse.
5	Until tonight I hadn't been to RigaTony's since they moved from their Arizona Ave location, and I'm very sorry that I took so long to visit. Honestly the few times I ate at the other location I wasn't blown away, so I really didn't care to give them many more chances. Tonight was completely different than my previous experiences from years ago. This is now officially my favorite Italian restaurant in Arizona. The food is great, and the $7.50 Early Bird Special is an amazing deal. I also appreciated the frequent diner card that was offered to me, and it's awesome that they don't exclude the Early Bird entrees from it. (I really wouldn't blame them if they did exclude the special because you are already getting a discounted meal with it.) BUT what made my visit stand out more than anything was the fabulous level of service I received. Every single employee smiled at me and made me feel welcome and asked me how I was doing. You don't see that very often, and it was very refreshing.
5	Found my new favorite Italian restaurant in the area. I had the "Tour of Rigatony's" and loved it. The cappucino ice cream pie for dessert is a must.
4	Great neighborhood Italian restaurant. It's a little "Olive Gardenish - is that word? But the food is tasty and service is quick. I usually sit in the bar - can't remember the hispanic bartender's name, but he's great. The house Chardonnay and Merlot are so-so; the Chianti is bad. The space has hosted so many restaurants over the past 15-20 years, and based on the crowds I've seen there, I think Riga Tony's will be here for a while. Glad to see it succeed.
4	Great food at a great price. Not the best Italian food but definitely a step up from all of the national chains. Also great lunch prices
5	Best Italian restaurant anywhere!  The salad is to die for!  The menu has a very nice mix of choices.  Prices are very reasonable.  Atmosphere is very nice.  Staff is friendly and responsive.
5	We love RigaTony's! It's always clean and the staff is always very friendly. The inevitable 30 minute wait on a Friday or Saturday night is worth it.Their fried zucchini is wonderful and we always get the RigaTony pasta, its delicious! Also their Apple Bread Pudding is OUT OF THIS WORLD and if they ever remove if from the menu again my boyfriend vows to picket them. lol That is actually one of the reason's I'm giving them a 5 star. The fact that they listened to their customers who were begging for the Apple Bread Pudding to be put back on the menu shows they actually do care. As long as they keep the apple bread pudding (that my boyfriend would lose a limb for) we'll keep coming back!
5	One of my fave restaurants! The unlimited salad is a winner. It's delicious! They also have a gluten-free selection that my brother loves! For Christmas, they also have some gift card deals.
5	italian food at its best. and the complementary antipasta salad and bread earns this place 7 stars in my mind.
4	Since I misread the menu prior to coming here, I didn't end up with what I wanted. The express lunch specials are available on weekends, but only before 3pm. After that, the early bird specials kick in which are all pasta with sauce items, but lunch includes baked dishes which I think are better in this place. Both of those deals are $7.50 and includes their antipasto salad, which is pretty good with olives, salami (which I hate) and other ingredients tossed right in front of your eyes. The ciabatta bread is top notch and it was dipped in the classic olive oil and balsamic mixture for a good start to the meal. Since we also arrived at Happy hour, we got a huge dish of fried appetizers for $5 highlighted by the two giant fried ravioli's that might have been the best ever in that category. The fried tortelloni was also unique and we had three dipping sauces to choose from (the best being red pepper cream). Finally, we each had a pasta dish. Her penne with meat sauce didn't dazzle and my alfredo sauce had a good hint of garlic and worked well over the angel hair. The chicken though that was included was not good at all, tough to cut and rubbery. We atre right at the bar and they have a few TV's available. At the last minute, added two cannoli's for $4.50 and those we found out were made fresh in house and dusted with pistachio nuts, a touch not seen often before. The stuffed shells and the baked pastas looked great, so I will return for lunch. Oh and if you go to lunch of saturday or sunday, you can pick any specials of the entire week to eat for $7.50 with bread and salad.
5	This is a really good place to eat. It is right at the top for me.The last time I went I felt runshed and uneasy, not the fault of the place though.So this time I was able to truly relax and enjoy it.The endless Salad is fantastic! Just like a true Italian Salad should be, great dressing and dark lettuce.Pasta is really good, cooked just right. Along with the Eggplant, (my girlfriends favorite.)Stuffed Sea Shells are a thing of  beauty. Really authentic!You can even get complete Dinners to go. Which is really good for those days when you have worked all day and are just Burnt out.Clean restrooms and lots of parking. Nice staff, they are very attentive as well.
4	Ah, RigaTony's. This was the first restaurant my fiance and I went to together. I hold this place fondly in my heart for many reasons, but it doesn't get a 4 star rating simply for nostalgia... ~Fud/Drink~They have all the traditional Italian-American food staples, however their menu boasts flavors that Olive Garden and other cookie-cutter Italian stores wish they had. The seafood dishes, which I have had before, actually taste fresh. The Linguini in Clam Sauce was the last dish I chose, very rich and fresh once again. The clams matched pasta well and did not overtake the dish. The balance of all the sauces seems to serve each dish well. Many a time I have had Italian that was overpowered by sauces that took away from the dish, rather than complemented it...not here. Rigatony's has a full bar menu you can order your favorite drink from, as well as numerous wine options which pair well with foods on their menu. Is this dining elegance here? No. But the foods on the menu are rock solid, taste great and are comparable in price to the portion you get. ~Atmosphere/Service~The waitstaff are all courteous and knowledgeable of the items on the menu. I normally ask them to help me in my decision, and its imperative they have a general idea of what the menu has available for us. I have been twice, and both times the staff were quick to help us order and get our food in. The last time I went however, they did take a good amount of time to get the bill to us. That did not sour the night out, however it was a good 15+ minutes from the time I asked to the time it got to the table. That's just a bit too long after I personally request for the bill and you only have about two other tables to wait on.....Oh well, that's been the only hiccup here, so I can write that off :) The atmosphere is quiet and relaxing. Its not overly romantic, it has more of a homey feeling inside with a nice Italian music backdrop. It is a family owned restaurant by the way, so you do not have a chain-restaurant feel to it like you do when you go into a Olive Garden..if that makes sense...~Extras/Rating~Try their desserts. I have seen them and they look gorgeous. We have been too stuffed to ever try them, but I am sure one of the desserts will take the night to the next level if you do. Overall, this place is solid. They do a great job with treating the customer right and provide quality food with the right portions. Just like you'd expect from a family-owned restaurant. Please come any time of the day, however many people seem to enjoy their happy hour/Early Bird specials. Hope you enjoy it here, they treat you very well and you will go home happy! 4 stars for having quality, fresh dishes at proper rates, and providing solid service. They are among the cream of the crop of family-style Italian Restaurants.
5	OMG YUMMY! OK, I am a self proclaimed "food whore" I could sleep in a pan of veggie lasagne!Not only is the food awesome but it is LOCALLY OWNED!!!  Take that, salty Olive Garden and corporate America!I have been here many times but I have to say taking someone who has never been and seeing the look after their first bite....Priceless!I went with my "friend with benefits" and we had the best server! Her name was Misty and she was just the right amount of attentive, sweet and funny. Knowing they bring out a salad and bread with olive oil first, I asked if they could put the salami on the side since I am a veg. Guess what? It came out on the side! AMAZING!  For our main courses, I had the eggplant and he had the stuffed shells. We each tried a bite of each others meals and I liked the shells as much as the eggplant! I have had the manicotti there too and it was great. So now I'll be in a quandary the next time I go, what to order? If THAT was my only decision in life!This place gets really crowded on the weekends so go after 8. The house Chianti is really good too!
4	Even though the Baked Rigatony is nowhere near the quality of anything baked with cheese in New York, this is still a great lunch deal with good food. The rigatony needed a bit more ricotta and mozzarella to be a contender ad there was too much of a watery bottom full of thin sauce underneath the pasta. Maybe it wasn't cooked enough? Still, you get the bread and salad and dish for $8 bucks out the door. Also if you eat 5 meals there, you get one free. Stick to lunch here as the specials cannot be beat.
4	Have been several times over the years and have found each visit a nice comfortable place to get a decent meal. Good service, good food and right price.
2	Nothing to see here, move along.Mediocre food. Bland. Overcooked. Gummy/Pasty Pasta.Not horrible, but with the number of really good independent Italian restaurants in the valley - why waste your time and money?Specifics: Manicotti - Filled with a tasteless ricotta cheese paste that could double as drywall filler, topped with warm crushed tomatoes and a couple shreds of melted mozzarella.Fettuccine Alfredo - The pasta was sticky and gummy. The "Alfredo" sauce was a plain white sauce with flecks of something that may have been an attempt at seasoning.Italian Sausage - Way overcooked, dry, like trying to saw wood when cutting into it. Nicely spicy though.Chicken Piccata - Beaten and lightly fried the cutlet was nonetheless dry. Topped with a mixture of mushrooms, capers, and tomatoes. Not just topped, buried under. Disappointing and still the best dish served.
1	I have been a fan of RigaTony's for a long time and this reviews was certainly nothing against the food, but about their billing and service.I was with a friend and given that we had not met for a while, decided to go to a casual yet elegant setting and what better place than Rigatony's.  It was a very quiet night for a Monday and in the end we were really not very hungry and order two appetizers and a dessert.The server seemed so very anxious and kept coming constantly asking us about if we wanted to order entrees.  I just felt very rushed there and so did my friend.  In a true family style Italian Restaurant and I have been to many including Italy, they thrive on the fact that you take your time to talk and enjoy the moment rather than being rushed like a fast food experience.The thing that really shocked me is that they charged $8.50 us for the salad, which we never asked for and I always thought came complementary and also a split charge for $3.50 as well, considering we both got appetizers and just decided to share it.   Wow that is some rip off for sure.I strongly believe that truth in advertising is so important to a business.  It does not matter if they serve the tastiest food, but unscrupulous billing was certainly very shocking.  I sadly left a very generous tip for the server, having been one myself.Given this experience, I would rather take my business elsewhere.
5	Best intimate place with amazing servers and food
4	I went here not knowing what to expect. Anyways, the antipasto salad was really good. My family loved the hot fresh bread. I would say the pasta was good. Not great. The one thing I loved was the Italian sausage. It had a little kick to it and was good. The service was good. I'll be back for sure
4	I will say my favorite part of eating at RigaTony's is the antipasta salad and bread.  I normally fill up on the salad that I have to take my entree home. On my last visit I had the cheese raviollis with the pesto sauce. I will defiantly be getting that again. SO YUMMY! I have also tried their bake rigatony with Italian sausage and was a fan of that also. I have never had a bad meal here. I would have given them 5 stars, but the last few times service has been slow and they seemed understaffed. Also, their Sangria is very refreshing.
4	This is a great local owned establishment.  My record is 3 times in one week.   They have a great sandwich menu.  The daily specials are always great.  The best is the Cannolis .......the chef has found the right mixture.   My only negative is the iced tea.....it needs some help.
5	My favorite restaurant in Arizona.  Whenever referring this to friends, I tell them it's the price of Olive Garden but so much better.When getting an entree, you get free bread and salad.  The bread is pretty average for an Italian place, but the salad is what keeps me addicted to the place.  It comes with a great house dressing, and the small strips of salami make it unreal.  I try to fill up on this as much as possible (all you can eat) and have a little of my entree and bring the rest of the entree home as leftovers.  Entree-wise, the Baked Rigatony is our go-to dish if nothing else is really standing out; sometimes it comes a little low on sauce so asking for extra sauce is a good precaution.  Haven't ever been disappointed with entrees.Make sure to make reservations if you're going sometime between 5:30-7:30, especially on weekends.  The hosts provide good service.  My only knocks on the place are hit-or-miss on good service from servers, and that the place is usually very loud.  But the food and price makes up for it.  The prices over the last few years have come up $2 or so per entree; as long as they don't skyrocket, I'll be coming to this place for a long time.
4	My fave local Italian restaurant for lunch and dinner!I come here every other week, totally in love with Rigatony's. Their antipasti salad (it's served with bread sticks when buying an entree)  is soooo good, better than Olive Garden's for sure. I love how everyone there is super friendly and helpful. The owners are wonderful to talk to when I had a complaint about a waitress one time. My sister and I love coming here for lunch and dinner because they have a pasta special called the "Pasta-bilities" affordable @ $6.99 and you get to choose your pasta/sauce/toppings. Their seafood pastas are very delicious and not overpriced. I always love taking my out-of-town relatives and friends here for lunch! Overall, great local Italian family restaurant!P.S Try their tiramisu, it's to die for!!!!!!
5	My absolute favorite italian restaurant. The salad is so amazing and I eat there so often several of the waiters/waitresses know what I order. Enjoyed my lunch today after church with my wife, daughter and father in law.
3	Went to Rigatonys tonight with my sister and niece. Niece and I shared manicotti. It was decent enough, not super fabulous but not the worst I've ever had. My sister had the Mahi special with asparagus and quinoa pasta. She loved it. There was a creamy dill sauce on the fish. The salad was also awesome- nice portion of salami, cheeses, olives, pepperocini etc.. We tried spumoni for dessert and that was legit and a nice portion as well. Bryce was our server and was very nice, knowledgeable and had everything out in a timely manner. He told us about the extra charge for split plate. The meal came with bread as well. It was an overall great experience and we will be back.
4	This place is really good.  And, it's a great value.My favorite item so far is their salad - the one they serve with the meal.  It's beyond delicious.  I tried their namesake dish (the Baked RigaTony) and it was just OK.  But, everything else I've had there was wonderful.
4	Have been here for lunch and dinner a few times and can say that I am never disappointed. The lunch specials here are hard to beat at $8-$10! If you're not careful you will fill up on bread and salad and end up taking your meal home....then you have dinner! The sandwiches are delicious my fav is the raging bull with extra pepperoncinis. Other dishes that have been thoroughly enjoyed are baked rigatony pasta (with broccoli and sausage), veal picatta and chicken marsala. All so good it's hard to name a favorite.
5	I am a die hard Rigatony's fan.  I come here for my birthday each year and usually my brother does for his as well.  We were sad when the location on Brown road closed, but have to say that this location is actually much better.  Good to make a reservation so that you don't have to wait.  Love the Chicken Picatta, Veal Canneloni, Sangria, Bread Pudding and most of all the antipasto salad which is the best!!  I've always had great service too!
5	Service was nice and helpful. Food was outstanding.I usually can't stand Italian food as much of the places seem to take frozen foods, throw it in a pan and serve it. This place was a fantastic treat to Italian food. The greatest place I have been in a very long time.
4	I love this place and have followed them through their transition from 3 locations down to 1. I love their food, however, sometimes their service is hit and miss. With that said, there food is always amazing and the managers are very kind.
5	Absolutely perfect food! My husband and I went here for the first time this week, based on a recommendation.  I ordered the seafood fettuccine and he ordered the chicken parmesan.  My dish was absolutely perfect.  The sauce just melted in my mouth.  The portions were very generous, with me barely eating half of my dish.  My husband's dish was pretty good.  He was able to finish it, and he often has left overs.  So his was either super good or his portions were less than mine.  The only draw back is the tables are really close together.  I felt like I kept staring at another person from another table who was really close to me.  It is kind of awkward to finally have a date night and to be seated closer to another person at another table than my husband!  Overall, the food was perfect but the ambiance not so much.  We will definitely go back again and hopefully get a better seat.  With just over a 20% tip our meal was exactly $75 which is perfect for our budget.
5	Had a great experience tonight.  First, the meals come with all you can eat (good) salad and bread.  The salad has a bunch of stuff: cheese, salami, olives, pepperoncini, etc... Great salad and the bread was pretty good.I had the eggplant parmeasean with quinoa noodles instead of regular noodles, cooked sicilian style (with garlic, anchovies, peppers, and some other stuff).  It was a huge portion - 2 or three thick slices of eggplant with cheese.  The quinoa noodles were delicious and, i think, at least in theory, are healthier than typical noodles.  you can also get whole wheat or green bean noodles - all at no extra charge.  Sauce tasted homemade, was thick with chunks of tomato and delicious.  Great entree, great portion, and great price (12.25)My fiance had the salmon penne something.  Was not that great...salmon had very unique and rich smokey flavor, which I am sure some people love.  But not us.  Thats ok - the waitress exchanged our meal for another eggplant parmeasean (to go, since we were full)...and best of all she only charged us for one meal!  We will definitelly be back, just not to get the salmon penne.  You can also split an entree and pay 3$ for the all you can eat salad and bread - which is probably what we will do next time.
5	AMAZING! I have been coming here for years and can't find a better restaurant in the valley. From the service to the tasty food everything is exceptional! Jenny keeps us coming back with the feeling that we are eating at home with friends. Some of my favorite dishes are the Baked Rigatony and the Sea Shells. You won't be disappointed!
3	Only eaten here once. Loved the bread and the apple bread pudding was fantastic. Got chicken parmesan. Chicken was cooked nicely. Sauce is slightly too sweet for me but definitely edible (I am very picky about pasta sauce). The green beans, erh, kinda sucked and I probably wouldn't order them again. I am intrigued by the option of the quinoa pasta and imagine I will try that in the future. The salad was decent and I liked the dressing (very picky about dressings). Service was mixed however the positive aspect of it was so good that I left feeling great. I will definitely return and can imagine amending this to a 4 star place after eating here a few more times. I am totally happy about it being local. So awesome.
5	My complaint? You're TOO good RigaTony's. TOO 'EFFIN GOOD.The big basket of hot, fresh baked bread. The little tease of a free glass of house wine.(Followed by the large servings of ordered wine.)The enormous bowls of perfectly cooked pasta.Smothered in homemade, rich, delicious sauce.The cozy, east-coast styled Italian ambiance.Giant meatballs made by some little Italian Grandmother, I'm sure.The desserts that tasted so fresh and wonderful. C'MON!!!!! You gave me NOTHING to criticize!Well, I could barely move I was so stuffed and my doggie bag weighed a ton,so THERE, that's my complaint.(P.S. I love you.)Every year I visit my sister in Arizona and THIS place is the grand finale before I leave. This is where we enjoy our favorite dinner before I head back to the east coast. My sister has a "gold card" here, not sure exactly what that gets her but when she calls to make a reservation, I feel like it's her "Tony Soprano" card and they find her a table - no matter what, eh?
5	Great food. Great service. A family run business. The all you eat salad and bread is awesome. Always have some great daily specials.
5	Where to start...I love this place. I really really love their bread and salad. I have not had anything there that I didn't like. This place is my now go-to Italian place.
4	Reminds me alot of Cucina Tagliani (a small chain of Italian restaurants in the west valley).  Went here for a friend's birthday.  The bottom-line:  If you go home hungry, its your fault.  They'll do their best to fill you up on bread and salad, but save room cause dinners are huge.  I got the deep dish lasagna with marinara.  Tasty stuff.  There was enough of us that we shared the entire dessert menu.  None of the desserts really stuck out to me.  They were good, though not out of this world.  Servers were friendly and gave us a laundry list of specials to choose from that night.  Very family friendly place as there were kids everywhere the night we went.  Overall, a good decent neighborhood Italian spot with reasonable prices.  Won't knock your socks off, but gets the job done and there's a better than 50/50 chance you'll need a box for your leftovers at the end of your meal.
4	Way good. Great experience. We Live by PV Mall so this is a "hike"-but was given a G.Card for my B-day, and we went for dinner Sat. Night. Service was friendly helpful and good. Food was as other reviewers have said darn good. We had Chicken Parm and Yes that salad is very very good. Bread as well good. It's good that the Salad and Bread are included.  Server didn't freak out when we told her we wanted butter over the Olive Oil drink for the bread.  Cappuccino Dessert (we shared ) yummy. Only complaint. Wine in short glasses. They may do that in Italy - but hey we're not. The glass was a short glass like a juice glass, & so clumsy to pick up, and at 5.50 a pop, I want a Wine Glass. Just saying....Oh well -I'll just ask for one next time. Won't keep me from enjoying my dinner. Even though its a 30 min. drive we will definitely go back.
4	Rigatony's is our 'go to' place for low cost high quality Italian food. Their dinners include salad (as much as you want!)  and yummy bread along with the entrees. All the pasta dishes are great...my favorite being the Chicken Parmesan. Good pizza too! And they have great lunch specials and a frequent customer card that gives you free and low cost items. This is a busy, happy place to go...great for families. And they have a nice patio area.
5	Alway good food  and service. Love that its a local restaurant. The salad and bread is a meal in itself. Lunch specials are a great price.
1	I must say, this was the worst, most overpriced Italian food I've ever had. First, the salad was, well, salad! Enough said. Nothing special by any means. Our bread had a short, black hair on it so it was left uneaten. The calamari was just plain old frozen calamari that was deep fried. What happened to fresh food? The pizza that was $20 was far from a $20 pizza. It was brought on a regular dinner plate and the center was dropped because the plate wasn't flat, therefore all the grease ran to the center and made it way to soupy. Suggestion, serve pizza on something flat. The flavor was not any better. And being that it was served on a regular dinner plate, it wasn't $20 big. My Capellini Pescatore was sub par. I was graced with a total of five empty clam and mussel shells. Maybe I'm wrong but if someone pays $16 for a seafood dish, it should be a priority to make sure they get the most expensive part, which is the seafood. The pasta was literally in a bath of butter sauce that was supposed to have white wine in it. All I could taste was butter. Drenched in butter. No wine flavor at all. Our server was a nice young gentleman and he did a good job for the most part. My have drank glass of Sprite was topped off with water though so it kinda went south for him after that. Anyway, from reading the other reviews, I guess people from Arizona just don't know what good Italian food should taste like. The food was not at all worth the $50 bill. We won't be going back.
4	We go to Rigatonys and sit in the bar (no waiting!) and mostly order their special salad and carafe of wine  -  great deal and love the salad.  We've tried other items on the menu including pasta specials and they're always good.  When the weather is right their patio is really nice too.  Bar staff are always friendly and good service.
5	Very very good!
5	How is it that I've NEVER heard of this place or hadn't eaten here before?! My boyfriend and I were driving past Warner one evening craving Italian and saw Riga Tony's sign. We looked it up on Yelp in the car and saw really great reviews so we decided to stop in! We came in late (9pm) but were seated right away. I loved the small store set up when you walk in and the dining areas that are decorated with really tacky art deco. Furniture was a bit dated but clean. Our waiter was very prompt and attentive. We were offered samples of wine, antipasto salad table side and a plate of bread. The salad was so good, the strips of salami were unreal and so was the homemade vinaigrette! The bread was sliced and fragrant, no breadsticks here! Olive oil is provided at each table for dipping. My boyfriend ordered the special for the evening (Seafood Linguini) and I ordered the Penne Sausage Rosa. By the time food came out, we were so excited to see huge plates of amazing food in front of us! My pasta was so good, especially the rosa sauce! My boyfriend loved the plentiful amount of scallops in his pasta as well as the shrimp! Of course we couldn't eat all of our food so we took it home to enjoy the next day. We walked out feeling full and all for under $40 (for 2). Next time, I will be ordering more of everything to enjoy table side and at home! Yum yum, would totally recommend!!!
5	Came here again the other night. Awesome dinner!This is a family owned place. That must be why it has that extra something.We came in early on a week night. Our server was Shannie(I think) , She was a really good server in the fact that she knew a lot about the menu and the food. Plus she was very attentive to her tables.This time we got the Zucchini and Eggplant Bruschetta for apps. as well as the salad and Bread that come with the meal.We took home a lot of food. Enough for 2 more meals.We got for our main meals Capellini Pesatore and Veal parmesan. Both were incrediable , so delish. I really can't wait to go back. Plus we got drinks for Happy Hour Price as it was still happy hour when we went . We did not have to sit in the bar either. They gave us the deal in the dining room.
4	First timer to RigaTony's.  Good food, great service!  A new favorite local Italian restaurant.
2	RigaTony's . . . What a let down! I love me some local business, so I'm sad and a little disappointed to be writing this review. The Dude and I came in here last Fall with high hopes after our neighbors and other locals in Chandler and Tempe were constantly talking this place up. And let's not forget our trusty Yelp pals. We were seated pretty promptly. Our waitress? Oh dear, she acted like we were one giant inconvenience. I'm always wary of anyone who can't make eye contact with the person they're talking to. Her attitude was as lame as the food . . . The salad was very unappealing. Lettuce became more of a vehicle for greasy salami and heavy cheese and dressing. Just plain nasty. Some of us actually do enjoy our greens. We shared the Seafood Fettucine. "Shrimp, scallops, and fresh fish simmered in a delicate pesto-cream sauce simmered with garlic, lemon and white wine."*trying to hold in laughter* Delicate?! More like heavy handed. This had the potential to be delicious. The fish wasn't overcooked. but man there was way too much sauce. The focaccia bread was the most delicious thing we ate that night. Light, fluffy, brushed with just a little oil. Who goes to a restaurant for the bread, though?These people have some enormous balls to be calling this Authentic Italian food because it doesn't come even close. As my Nana Marilyn (an actual Italian, not, "OH EM GEE I'm x, y, z generation!") says, and I'll say again: Good tasting food does NOT need to be swimming in sauce.Maybe we just tried the wrong thing. If we come back (I'm all for second chances), we'll have to try some of the more popular dishes and perhaps update this review.
4	I go to Rigatonys about once a month. The food is generally really good.  I love the bread and salad that is included with the meal.  It can be loud in certain parts of the restaurant at busy times and the water does not taste that great. -These are the only negative things I can think of.  When it's all said and done I give Rigatonys a thumbs up!
4	We ate there yesterday to celebrate my best friend's birthday because this was her favorite restaurant. The antipasto salad was awesome! I ordered Baked Rigatony which is mouth watering, the only downside was the pasta was undercooked so I asked the server to exchange it with a new one. The service was ok, they refilled our water ones so my friend was asking for my water. I think it was a busy night for our server that he forgot to refill our drinks.
1	This place is very cute and has a great vibe upon immediate arrival but is quickly lost to rude service and cheap ingredients! I had a very bad experience my first time here (late Sept) and thought that perhaps my snotty waitress swayed my palette to dislike the food. So, I decided to give it another try before I posted anything on FB or twitter. Well, the experience was NOT better! So bad in fact, it inspired me to re-visit yelp as well as hammer FB and twitter. I should begin by stating that I love Italian food and was inspired to deviate from my favorite 3 spots (1.Andreoli's 2.Harley's Bistro 3. Michelina's) because of the great reviews and an intriguing FB ad..big mistake! Where to start...their apps are pretty much bread or fried bar food. The sauce for the lasagna still tasted of tin from the can which it was poured from. Our sausage fettuccine alfredo was runny and bland. Basically, the ingredients in virtually everything we had tasted cheap and processed. There was nothing authentic or homemade about this place. FAIL!
2	It's that it was terrible it's that it's sooooo incredibly generic and it was one of the loudest restaurants I've ever been to. Too generic for me to go back. Also waaaay to overpriced for the quality. Olive Garden is better and cheaper.
4	New to the area, I decided to see what this place was about. Great service, wine, and food. A little pricey compared to other Italian eateries around the area (Picazzos,Oregenos,Babbos) Portions are big, but wish they had half orders to accommodate people with no so much of an appetite.I wine tasted 3 different red wines before I decided on one. Very accommodating! Food was very good! I highly recommend the Lasagne it's big enough for two people so I would suggest splitting it.Overall I give it 4 stars for a great family owned  restaurant. Next time I will come with a bigger appetite! :)
5	Started off at the bar with a great bartender who had me sample and choose from a couple of Merlots. V attentive. The vibe in RigaTony's is really mellow, friendly and warm. Our waitress was very knowledgeable - gave us gluten free options as well. Antipasto salad was tremendous and v fresh with a tasty dressing. The bread was warm and good and the dipping olive oil was spectacular. Ordered the Eggplant Parmigiana dinner which came with spaghetti on the side. Breaded and cooked just right with really great marinara sauce. Asked for some more sauce which I promptly got . Sat in the outdoor covered patio which was really nice on a pleasant night. The staff were happy and having a good time. Bringing a group of friends here to experience the awesome meal, atmosphere and service. 5 stars indeed.
3	After an hour wait I was expecting something fantastic and no such luck. Food was decent but nothing worth returning for. An huge letdown.
2	After hearing rave reviews about RigaTony's from a family friend, my husband and I decided it was time to try.  Our food was great, but our service was absolutely horrible.  We came late on a Tuesday night, and the restaurant was pretty empty.  We were given little to no attention, and when we asked to speak to a manager at the end of our meal we waited 10 mins and no one showed, at which point we left.  If the manager had even given us the slightest bit of attention, we may have found it in our hearts to try again.
5	First class food!!  Great atmosphere.  Very positive Italian atmosphere!   Will TAKE FRIENDS  there!
4	RigaTonys why do I keep forgetting about you!!A friend that I hadn't seen in about 22 years was driving though and hit me up on FB and said Hey lets have dinner, find somewhere off the I-10 and make it Italian and RigaTony's was the perfect place to pick! We meet up around 5pm on a Wednesday night, the place was busy, but not packed, I was loving how they decorated for Christmas, made me feel like I was going to a party :) Our server was Michelle and she was very helpful answering whatever questions my friends had, and she was excellent at making sure we had everything we needed, love great serviceAfter we checked out the menu I decided I wanted the lasagna & spaghetti combo. My friend ordered the chicken with lemon & artichoke and her husband ordered the spaghetti deluxe.Then the antipasto salad & freshly baked ciabatta bread came out, OMG this salad is to die for, I love love love it!! Stop going to the Olive Garden people, this is the salad you should be having!! And the bread!! I love me some fresh baked bread, so much better than sticks! My lasagna was delish baby! It was so flavorful too, the cheese, the noodles the sauce, omg I can't believe I ate it all, I ordered it with the intention of having some for lunch the next day, nope that didn't happen!  So good!!  The spaghetti was cooked perfectly and the sauce was the perfect amount and great in flavor! Loved the combo! My friends, they too loved their dishes and were happy we picked RiggaTonys for dinner!! It was great seeing her and sharing a great meal too! A fun tip I did learn about RiggaTonys is once a month on Monday night they have a Wine dinner, where you dine on 5 course dinner that the Chef prepares for just that night; I will have to check that out soon!
5	Endless salad and bread combined with a salmon penne is my usual dish. It isn't quite as large as some of the others (Tour of Rigatoni's is great and a lot of food.) but never let's me down.The servers are always nice (I've been there 5 times). Only problem is that this place is popular and there can be a healthy wait during peak hours.
4	Ordered the Chicken Piccatta Take Out Package. Came with antipasto salad, bread, Alfredo, and chicken Piccatta For $30 it was a great deal. Fed 4 adults quite well. The Alfredo was ok, I definitely like Olive garden's better.
4	First review of 2014.Real Southern Italian cuisine is to be found here in spades.  While it seems to have something of the retro vibe that Oregano's has, this place is not a chain, and the ambiance here is more of an Italian home during the 40s and 50s instead of a restaurant with random antiques hung on the walls, ceiling, etc.Not only does it look like an Italian-American home during that time, it tastes and smells like it too.  The recipe for the sauce no doubt has roots in the old country, and I'm certain someone's Nonna came over from Palermo a century ago with that recipe in her head.  The meat sauce has a sweet, spicy taste.  Fantastic, but as my family is Zeneize and Toscano, it's a distinctly different flavor from what I am used to.My wife and I were very happy with our meal, but I have to be in the mood for food from the lower half of the Boot to want to come here again.  When that moment strikes, I'll be ready to return for some lasagne or a pizza.Thanks RigaTony's for a delicious lunch!
4	This restaurant is always busy and vibrant. The Staff are wise to their menu, fast  and very hospitable.Most meals come with a "famous Anti pasti Salad" which is delicious, fresh and unlimited meaning they will bring you another once its finished. - The same goes for their lovely warm Herb bread. I had a Hoagie and my wife had the Lasagna. We have both tried these meals on different occasions and they are always delicious and filling.Good food, fresh ingredients, Great Service, Lovely environment. - If your looking for Italian food you cannot go wrong here.
4	So I was having an Italian craving for my Birthday dinner, and some friends in Chandler suggested RigaTony's.  They live only 5min away, but had never been there.  They said it always appears to be busy, and this Wed. Night was no exception.  We signed in and took our buzzer for a 25 min wait....and then magically a table for 4 opened up in the bar!  Service was very pleasant and prompt, waters were kept full, empty plates cleared quickly.  All of our entrees were delicious, my fettuccini Alfredo was deliciously rich and cheesy but not heavy, and my husband loved his Baked RigaTony with and marinara and Alfredo sauce together.  We passed on dessert, only cuz we were all too full, and the manager Jenny came to check on us before we left. Our waiter had told her we were first timers, so she wanted to make sure we enjoyed our experience.  We assured her we would be back; she further explained that this was her family's place and if we ever needed anything again to ask for her by name.  We were walking out the door and she ran after us to give us complimentary dessert.  She wanted to make sure we got the "full RigaTony's experience".  We all agreed no more national chain Italian for us!
4	First visit last night and we most def will be back!  Great food and even better service.  Wonderful local establishment!
5	Being in an Italian family from New Jersey, I can be pretty picky when it comes to Italian food, but I must say, RigaTony's did not disappoint!First, I love the vibe! It just feels like a family owned Italian restaurant from the moment you enter, and the staff is incredibly nice as well! The antipasto salad and bread that you receive before your meal are delicious, and so is the rest of the food! I ordered the Four Cheese Penne, and it was perfect!If you're looking for an authentic Italian restaurant in the Valley, check out RigaTony's! My husband and I will certainly be back!
5	This is by far the best Itailian food i've tasted!! The service is great and food  is delicious!  They start you out w/warm bread and salad (i get the pesto ranch instead of the house dressing) and the portions are huge!! they are good about making the dish how you want it and i've never been disappointed in the 7+ years i've been eating there. My only negative review would be that there is only 1 restraunt and so they are always busy, but if you make a reservation you wont have to wait (which is usually 45 min to an hour). They should open a 2nd restraunt!! i LOVE Rigatony's! :)
5	Great food. The dinner salad is amazing before the meal too!
5	Absolutely amazing food and amazing customer service! Saraab was our server and she was awesome!!! She knew exactly what to recommended and everything she recommended was mind blowingly delicious! Everything made from scratch in house! 5stars for sure!
5	What can you say that has not been said? This place is good, it is great actually!Came in the other night to get an order to go. It was ready when I got there as promised.They even carried it to my car. Food was great, sausage, manocotti, salad, bread, all of it wonderful.I used the restroom while there and it was clean and plesant.Lots of parking and a friendly staff.
5	Amazing food, especially their famous salad! And great service also! My boyfriend and I go there a lot.. The prices are pretty reasonable as well
5	THE BEST Italian Food in Tempe. Rigatony's reminds me of New York Italian Food! I go here for every birthday, and event. I always order Chicken Marsala, all you can eat antipasto salad, and wine!! This restaurant has not let me down, and the service is always great! Especially for always going with such big groups of people! I am going there for my birthday this weekend, with 15 friends! Can't wait! Highly Recommend!!
4	Let me start by saying I am not a big fan of Italian food, but I generally enjoy the bread, salad and wine. However, this place has kindled a love for Italian deep within. I have been here twice and enjoyed both the Chicken Marsala and the Fettuccine Alfredo with Chicken. I am not a fan of chain restaurants with all the hustle and bustle and bland food but this small, feel like dinner with family, restaurant is definitely a keeper and I will return over and over again.
5	I love the food here! I have had two delicious meals here and like that they have salad and bread before the meal. Great place for those who enjoy Italian food!
4	I've been a fan of Rigatony's for a while. My niece actually insist that we eat at Rigatony's whenever she's on town and it doesn't take any arm twisting!My personal favorite is the...hang on a second. My favorite meal at Rigatony's goes something like this:Glass (or two) of the house Chanti (honestly haven't tried the house white, but they also have a good selection of other wines too); I start with an order of steamed clams (in a wine butter garlic sauce) move on to the house Antipasto Salad with their savory warm ciabatta bread, I order the Capellini Pecatore (clams, mussels and shrimp...ok you may want to go with the Veal with lemon and artichoke if you need the red meat) and finish it all off with an espresso and four layer chocolate hazelnut cake!Fantastic.Looking for something a little lighter? You can make an excellant light meal out of the appetizers and antipasto.Love this place!
4	Place was very nice, I had the tour of Rigatonys and the let me modify it with traditional gravy and chicken Parmesan. Tell you what!! That Sicilian sauce was just fantastic, don't get discouraged by the anchovies on the description, they just use them for flavor and there's no fish in the sauce but anyways it was just something different with the spice salty sweet taste that was just mouthwatering, everything I order will be sicilianized extra hot from now on... We will be back , my wife didn't like her penne but she's pregnant so she changed it for fettuccini Alfredo which was good but to late for her....my kids loved it as well..
4	Decided to come here because I wanted a salad, and the salad reviews here were good. They did not lie! The salad is spectacular! I inhaled the first bowl, and ate most of my second bowl. Everything in that salad *goes* and it rocks. I'd come here for the salad alone. My meal would have been easily five stars...Decided to supplement my meal with the steamed clams (appetizer). It was quite flavorful, albeit the broth was a bit too salty for my liking. Even the bread wasn't enough to cut the salt. (One star off for that.) My server was Jessica and she was helpful and very sweet. I like this place! I'd totally spend my own money to eat here. (I'm here on business in PHX.)
4	Now having gone many, many times I have to recommend their ravioli - it's homemade pasta (yum!) and top notch cheeses.  I LOVE their sauce that is tomato + cream, it would seriously made an amazing soup but also blends perfectly with the ravioli.  Try it!  That plus a salad is a perfect dinner.  Plus, I don't really care for their bread which is perfect since that way I don't eat any!  ;)  (the ladies will get it...)  My husband also loves the chicken parm.
5	Awesome experience! A friend and I were in town for work and wanted some good Italian. Thanks to Yelp we found Rigatony's and we were not disappointed.Our server Frankie was phenomenal. Welcomed us warmly and told us a little about what made Rigatony's so special...and she was right. Food was superb. Ambiance was great. Left feeling very happy with the whole experience.We come to Phoenix a couple of times a year for conferences and we will definitely be coming back.Great job to all at Rigatony's!
5	RigaTonys never disappoints. My mission is to try everything on the menu. The taste of their homemade pasta can never be matched. And don't even get me started on the salad... Cause that's just heavenly greens in your mouth!! This visit I had the seafood fettuccine with Mahi ahi tuna, shrimp and scallops. The sauce on it was perfect. Not to heavy but packed with flavor.  I always get a side of artichoke hearts to put in my pasta. Or just eat plain cause artichokes are delicious! If you're ever in the mood for real italian. Stop by. The flavors will definitely have you coming back for more.
4	I am so addicted to this place. Luckily I dont live close (i would go there for every meal) and only make trips here when I am at my boyfriends house on that side of town but everytime we go,  the food is delicious!I would give it 5 stars but the service is my only downfall with this place. I have never really had a "great" server whenever I go and dine. The service is usually slow and the person that waits on us always seem really tired and out of it. However, their salad and homemade bread is simply amazing. If you go, you must try their espresso pie as a dessert (thank me later).. its incredible!!!
4	Great food we come here often, it's hit or miss with the service though.
5	Food was great,  service excellent and overall a great dinner
5	There's something for everyone, there are alternatives like quinoa pasta for those with gluten intolerances, and they even ask if it is for allergy purposes, just to make sure you don't consume anything else that contains gluten.Baked Rigatony with chicken or sausage, or both will knock your socks off.  The pizza is great, the artichoke chicken.  All of it!!!!
3	Although we like coming here, many times the service is not the best. Hence the 3 stars.They do have a loyalty program. Kids eat free on Mondays, however, they forget to mention...not if the Monday is a holiday.  And by holiday, not the usual calendar holidays...example, they consider both Christmas Eve and NY eve a holiday. Their salad is fantastic, and if you get the bread freshly made, it is great, too. In my opinion, these are the best part of this restaurant.Dinner prices are well above lunch prices. They do have carry-out that you can call ahead for.They do take reservations...however, they dont actually HOLD the reservation (ala Seinfeld)...we made one today,  arrived on time, and they still made us wait...so far waiting 15 minutes! Fantastic. This place is quite popular, so it may be a wait, even if you go well past dinnertime or lunchtime.
5	Great fresh food at a fair price is hard to say no to. I had the ravioli and chocolate cake. The ravioli and marinara was fresh, not over seasoned, made in house and hands down the best I've ever had. Same with cake, fresh, homemade, and rich. Only issue I have is the wine list, but not really an issue sense it's not a high end place. I'll be going back here soon.
5	Loved this place! The atmosphere was amazing, warm and fun.  The bar reminded me of the old days with lots of wood, a variety of alcohol and lots of character. The Rigatony is over the top good.
5	Best lunch specials in the area, bar none. Incredibly reasonable prices, and if you don't want the special of the day, you can have any of the other day's choices for just $1 more. Includes unlimited salad (VERY good salad at that) and bread. Service is great, though the place does get packed. I particularly like the Chicken Parm and several of the sandwich options. Lots of good choices, and it's all good.
5	My favorite italian place ever. Even when I lived in New York I daydreamed about their red pepper cream sauce. Oh and their dinner salad is amazing. Keep on keeping on Rigs.
3	Used to frequent Rigatony's before moving from Chandler. Always got a good portion at a reasonable price. Now the prices have gone up and the portions have gotten smaller. Our waiter was more interested in chatting than serving. He forgot my drink order. Food is still good, but not the exception it used to be.
5	By far the most amazing Italian food I have ever had. Everything is absolutely delicious and all tastes like it was made  from home. If you know home made Italian food (the real stuff) you will not be disappointed!
5	This is one of my favorite places of all times. When Rigatony's moved from Arizona Avenue, my husband and I thought we would go less. It was further away from our home and we were scared it would lose the charm and good food. It has been quite the opposite. We visit our favorite server Frankie at least once a week...and sometimes twice. We have been known to even show up three times a week, but that borders on addiction, so I hate to admit that. I would love to eat pasta three times a week, but cannot. We will order grilled chicken, steamed broccoli and the house salad. I will give credit to my best friend Robin who recommended that healthy alternative with the ability to still get our "fix". We have ordered party packages for gatherings at our house more times than I can count. Every dish I have ever had is incredible. Out of town guests??? We always bring them here. We take credit for creating a few addicts that insist on a visit when they are in town. Frankie sees us and asks if we are getting the usual and if we aren't then she can usually guess what the alternative is. CRAZY GREAT service. We love Christian who was once upon a time was "only"  behind the bar, but has taken on some managerial duties. The wine dinners are SO awesome and creative. Mike is always there to ensure our experience is awesome every time. Devoted diner cards have earned all kinds of discounts. They recognize us when we walk in, ask about our grand kids and are truly a family restaurant. Who could ask for more?
4	I always enjoy Rigatony's.  It's not the highest end Italian Food, but it is always good.  The baked rigatoni is definitely worth giving a shot!
1	I would say that the service was piss poor, but that implies we actually received any service of some kind. We went there last night well before closing, and the hostess sat us in the very back booth of the restaurant, which is fine. However, there were no other diners around us, and no traffic whatsoever besides those using the nearby restroom. We sat there for 10 minutes with absolutely no waiters or waitresses in sight the entire time. We ended up leaving, of course. To top it all off, the hostess was so completely oblivious, she actually wished us a cheerful good night on our way out, despite the fact that she had literally just shown us to our table minutes beforehand.This is not an isolated incident. Previous visits during lunch with coworkers have also resulted in a similar lack of service and organization. No matter how good the food is, it is not worth it. And the food is very good, I'll give them that -- that is, if and when you can get them to actually bring you some. Farewell, Rigatony's (until you get your act together).
5	Excellent service and food was well prepared. Ordered the salmon ravioli which was nicely filled so that every bite was full of flavor. An absolute must try is the baked rigatoni with sausage Soo delish!!! The manager Mike is very skilled in customer service and truly goes above and beyond to ensure patrons leave happy. Go once and you will definitely be hooked!
5	Their salad is do delicious. A must have with every meal.
5	It had been a while since I had Italian food so the wife and I randomly picked RigaTony's and we are damn glad we did! The interior is tastefully decorated and charming and it has a cozy atmosphere without crowding the tables together. The food starts with a sample of wine and an excellent salad and bread fresh from the oven, I had the Fettucini Alfredo with a meatball and it was just fantastic! The wife had the Fettucini Alfredo with Chicken Lemon and Artichoke which was delectable!Our service was prompt (we came at 4:30pm on a Wednesday) and our server was friendly, sociable, and helpful! Good Job RigaTony's!!!
4	This is a great Italian place close to work. The portion size is little but adequate and they serve complimentary salad and bread. They also have a loyal diner program where you get a free meal after 5 meals. Would definitely visit again.
5	This place is fantastic! The food is a-mazing and service has never let me down! I've been frequenting this spot for more than 10 years and could never say anything bad. We come for special occasions, when family flys in or just a Friday night!
4	Picked Rigatony's from Yelp in the first place, even warned my friend of the hit and miss on the customer service based on the other reviews.   Well must say must of got them on a good day, we were seated write away and waited on very shortly after sitting down.We ordered from the lunch menu, we both got the Manicotti dish that also came with a antipasto salad. Thought the salad was awesome and found the dressing to very good as well. My friend didn't want the salami that usually would come of waiter said no problem to remove.The Manicotti was awesome and tasted just as good as I would of hoped, I have eaten at a lot of different Italian restaurants and for the price this was right up there with the rest.I will absolutely  find my way back to Rigatony's soon so that I can try some of the other dishes.
5	Best Italian restaurant in Tempe they have a great eggplant parmigiana
5	We were treated as royalty for  our  45th wedding anniversary! The food was superb and the service incredible! We have been here numerous times and have never been disappointed. It is high time we give the tribute Rigatoni's deserves! Thank you for helping us make this a special anniversary!
5	The most enjoyable part of RigaTony's was the atmosphere they created. Sure the starting salad with oven-fresh bread was plentiful, the entrees were classic, flavorful, and filling, the wine selection was concise and appropriate, the Italian sodas were exciting and invigorating, and the staff was friendly and accommodating. RigaTony's certainly had all of those things, but from the moment you enter their front door you feel like you entered a different world. I'm going to admit, after seeing the store from the outside I was extremely skeptical; it kinda looked like a Denny's or IHOP. But when I walked through their front doors, I was greeted by an unsuspecting air of homeliness and familiarity. It made you feel like you were walking into their dining room for a home-cooked family meal. From the smell of the kitchen to the buzzing chatter of the guests, it just felt so comfortable. 5-stars well deserved.
4	Whenever I come from a trip I like to come here as they always have all you can eat salads. The pizza for two is one the favorite dishes we like to gave as iris good and reasonably priced.
1	We used to go here all the time because the food was good. However, at the end of our last meal we went to use our free meal that we had earned from our stamp cards and we were told that we couldn't combine any cards. We were previously told we could. The manager came over and told us the same thing. We said they need to honor their own program and the lady said she was the owner and that she didn't care about our business and that we don't need to come back. Well...we haven't been back since. You would think the OWNER would want to retain business. I guess not!
3	It's okay.  I wouldn't get the alfredo, it used to taste better--I had it last night and it tasted like jarred sauce.The salad and bread are good, though.
5	My first time dining here today and we ordered from the lunch menu. My first impression was great. It looks and feels very much a local joint, no chain. Next thing is their customer service.  Everyone greets us with big smile. Last but not least, their prices are so reasonable!  They also gave us salad and breads with our meals. There were so much foods for lunch we had leftover for tomorrow.  I enjoyed my cheesecake italian cream soda from one review of the review. I rarely gave 5 stars... yummy in my tummy!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley.  I have only ordered food for take-out and everything that I have ordered has been great.  The customer service has always been stellar as well.Here are my favorite dishes from them:lasagnaangel hair pasta with garlic sauce and shrimpangel hair pasta with marinara sauce and grilled chickenpork shops with green beans and pastasausage and pepperoni pizza (they use very good crumbled sausage)I highly recommend this restaurant!
5	Been searching for good eggplant Parmesan since I moved here a year ago and I found it!  Celebrated my mom's 60th and she got a free dessert. The original cannolis or the spumoni. My husband LOVED the Cicero Street Combo. Can't wait to come back and try more!
1	I give up on this place. I want to support local businesses, but I've eaten here several times and the food here is consistently low-quality. Only their antipasto salad is decent, and it's a very simple salad.I've had food poisoning here TWICE now. The salmon is farmed and pre-cooked in a factory and then reheated in-store. It is flavorless. All the pasta dishes are mediocre in terms of flavor and sauce. Their alfredo sauce is not made in-store, it comes from a jar. This place is like a Chili's masquerading as an authentic family restaurant. There are better Italian places in the Valley, with Nick's being a top contender for the best family-owned place I have been.
4	Had a few issues with the front end phone staff. Once we were seated our waitress was spectacular! Addison was her name and she worked like the wind - poetry in motion. The food was plentiful and succulent! The ambiance was similar to Bucca di Beppo but a tad different. I would recommend this restaurant to family and friends...
5	Yes it's only 8:45 in the morning but I am still having Rigatony's withdrawal. Can you guys ship in bulk the spicy Italian sausage rigatony dish and some stuffed shells?Also, it's not on the menu but you should ask for a blended cappuccino pie with cafe patron or baileys (like a milkshake). It's a secret menu item!
4	A nice hidden gem. Everything was really good. I want to come back for the pizza next time.
4	I love their Baked Rigatony with sausage.  It has a nice spiciness to it.  The marinara is excellent.  Their Italian sodas are very good as well.It is extremely busy on the weekends.  Plan to wait if you don't have a reservation.Tip:  Order the dressing for the salad on the side.  I think they tend to drown it with dressing.
4	Introduced my mom to yelp tonight and had her pick a spot for her birthday dinner- this is the spot she settled on. While family style restaurants aren't really my thing, I will say that this place is a nice example of one. The place was nice and clean, we got a table right away and were greeted by a friendly waitress. My mom went with an early bird special that included bread and a nice antipasto salad. There was also happy hour wine for only $3, you can't beat that even for well wines that's a great deal. Dinner came out quickly and was quite nice- very much like an Olive Garden type menu. They brought out a lovely apple bread pudding dessert for her as a birthday treat If you want a family style affordable Italian place, you'll enjoy this restaurant.
5	Best local Italian place in the valley. If you arrive before 5pm M-F, they have an early bird special for 8 bucks or so. Recommend the Baked Rigatony. Sausage is great in anything.
5	Never have I been dissapointed by a meal at Rigatony's. It's a family favorite and, let me just tell you, the salad and bread is to die for. By far my favorite place for not just the salad and bread (yes, better than Olive Garden) but the meals were so good too. Went for lunch this afternoon and the chicken picatta with fettucini alfredo I had was delicious. Topped off dinner with a spumoni and left with very full stomachs and boxes of food to take home.  Great family lunch.
4	There is always a line out the door, so couldn't wait to finally try this place. Our server was top notch, he was quick with the beverages and packed up the leftovers at the table. The simple antipasto salad and bread are delicious, I loved the soft bread and dipping oil and let's just say I had my share of carbs this meal. The obviously homemade lasagna had a rich meat sauce but was a little dry and I should have asked for some extra marinara sauce.  Will return.
4	We were in the market for some good old fashioned Italian so we made the trek to Rigatony's based on it's shining Yelp reviews. The little taster of house chianti they offered right after we were seated put us off to a good start. The salad was delicious (I'm a sucker for a salad with red onions and pepperoncini, bonus points for salami!). The bread was also a tasty starter dipped in oil with some spices (oregano & rosemary, I think), so we skipped any additional appetizers. My husband ordered the linguini and clams (he asked for it to be prepared with a lemon garlic style sauce instead of the menu offerings of Parmesan cream or tomato sauce and the waitress immediately recognized his request as "traditional style" and said it was no problem), I ordered the shrimp scampi. My dish was perfect, the shrimp and angel hair pasta were cooked to perfection and delicious! My husband enjoyed his dish but was not bowled over by the actual clams in the dish (possibly they were canned, not fresh?). That is pretty much the only thing keeping me from giving a 5 star review. The cannoli was amazing and I love that they include 2 so I didn't have to battle my husband for my fair share. The price was also really good, compared to the other Italian restaurants, I think we'll definitely be back.
4	This is by far the best Italian food I have had in the valley.  They have a nice family style atmosphere and great service.  The prices are reasonable and good sized.  The food is amazing full of flavor and fresh.  I highly recommend them!
5	The Penna Rosa is amazing! This is our favorite Italian restaurant in the Valley. The salad is the best in Chandler,  and the specials are usually very good as well.
4	Get the salad! They have the best salad ever. I've gotten take out several times & I'm always impressed with the quantity and taste.  The food is a fairly prices & excellent. This is one of my parent favorite spots so every Christmas I get them a gift card & they have awesome bonuses! The last two years I got a take out meal for free! You can't beat that.
5	Amazing food - the wait was almost an hour at 6pm, but the food was definitely worth the wait.
5	This is probably my favorite Italian restaurant in the valley! Rigatonys is perfect for family dinners, birthdays, girls nights, or date night with the boyfriend. My sister and I went tonight and everything was so yummy it struck me that I've never written a review for this place... Weird! We shared the Fried Ravioli to start with. SO good. We both had the Baked Rigatony, hers with sausage, and mine plain. (vegetarian-yay!) The Bills won their game today so we also celebrated with some Cappuccino Pie, wayyy too delicious!Our server was Natalie H, we love her. She's a really good server so we always try to ask for her when we go in. Love Rigatonys!
5	Rigatony's is my absolute FAVORITE Italian restaurant in the Valley. Granted, I have only had their delish salad, bread, lasagne and baked rigatoni with sausage, but the place rocks it every single time we go down there. The salad is fantastic, and the baked bread is always hot and fresh. But the star of the show is their Baked Rigatoni with sausage. And I mean the star of the show! Layers of rigatoni, creamy bechamel sauce cradled with marinara and thinly sliced italian sausage topped with melted mozzerella cheese, all served piping hot. It's THE BEST I've ever eaten! The only drawback is the lack of a second location in Scottsdale, but we'll continue to make the drive because it's that good. The staff are always very nice, and the food is promptly served.If you haven't tried Rigatony's, and you love Italian food, get in your car and go!! It's worth the drive from anywhere!
1	Let's stop charging extra for salad, when a whole table has ordered full entrees, and ONE person orders an appetizer and you charge for a salad. And by full table I mean 5 meals were ordered!!! Grrr.
3	Looked at reviews on Yelp & decided to stop in. We were promptly seated & were asked what we wanted to drink. After a quick browse through the menu, we settled on the Eggplant Parmesan, the Baked Rigattoni with chicken, & the Cheese Ravioli with the tomato cream sauce. All of these meals came with an antipasto salad and bread.The food came came out in a pretty quick amount of time. Everything was good. The Eggplant Parm tastes a little bit off ... I think because it was slightly undercooked. The sauce it was covered in was pretty good, however. The Baked Rigattoni was kind of the same way - the garlic sauce with the chunky tomatoes tasted good but I was not impressed with the chicken. It was tasteless & could have been left off. Lastly, the Cheese Ravioli was good as was the tomato cream sauce, however it confused me as to why there was an additional cost associated with it.As far as the restaurant itself - it is very much a family place & has that atmosphere. The decor is very outdated. I'm undecided as to whether or not I'll be back. It was good .. Just not exciting enough to go back. Not anytime soon anyway.
5	Fantastic Italian food.  You really cannot go wrong with anything you order, classic dishes like chicken parm, lasagne and baked rigatony are all savory and delicious.  I recommend to try it at lunch, any day of the week, order the daily special, and plan to be full as the complimentary salad is bottomless and quite hardy.  If you want to be on the lighter side, some items can switch out pasta for green beans, I recommended asking for them with the marinara sauce, comes out even better that the pasta version for a small extra charge.Lastly, if you're there for a special occasion, the desserts will not disappoint.  Over the last few years I think we've tried every one of them, and everything is fresh and decadent.
5	I love this place.  They have great food and the service is always good too.  I absolutely and obsessed with their salad, and even have to order it for take-out when having people over to my house.  Their eggplant bruschetta is to die for as well.  Italian food is really not one of my favorites, but for many of my family members, it is, so we always go out of our way and to to Rigatony's.
5	Wanted to get some italian food so we thought of going to Olive Garden. Thankfully, i decided to look something up on Yelp! and I'm excited to say I'm glad I used the app to find this place. We all ordered the eggplant parmesan with salad. The salad and the dressing that it comes with compliments each other very well! I do not remember how many refills of salad we had gotten that day.The eggplant itself was amazingly good! There was also sufficient amount of eggplant that was given. Defiantly quality italian food. Our server was also really great! She could not have been any nicer. She also gave us a slice of espresso cake which was probably one of the best cakes I've had in a while. I could be exaggerating but it really did taste good. Check it out for yourself. You will not be disappointed.
5	I came here once back when it was called something like 3 margaritas. Food was meh and we were one of the only groups of customers there. I guess that place going out of business wasn't too hard to imagine. Fast forward to 2014. This place is ALWAYS packed. We try to get here before 11:30 on regular days so we won't be on the waiting list. A few times we even turned around and went somewhere else because the wait was too long. Oh and Fridays? Fugedaboutit!!! Still, this is on the lunch rotation with a number of my coworkers. We always get the lunch specials. I get the lasagna (Monday special) usually no matter what day of the week it is. You get salad and bread but go easy or you won't finish your main course. Well, that's the way it is for me usually. Your mileage may vary according to how many seats you take up on a plane. I've tried a bunch of other stuff but lasagna has always been my favorite. But don't worry, tough guy, they got pasta - they got all that shit! They also have those loyalty cards which are good to take advantage of if you come here a lot because you fill it up and get a free lunch on the next visit. Can't argue with that. This is my favorite Eyetalian joint in the area. We've been to Marcello's right down the friggin' street but we all agreed this place was a better bang for the buck and had much better service. Parking is easy - it's in a mall - it's in a mall with Harbor Freight Tools and Dunkin Donuts. Check it out.
1	Poorly organized! We waited 40 minutes for a table at 430pm when there were tables open. We watched several couples seated before us when they arrived after. 2 people came in to get their to go orders and the girls at the desk had no idea what they were talking about. Unfortunately we won't b back, too frustrating which is a shame bcuz the food is good.
5	This is the Best Italian place !!! ... My wife and I like to eat at the bar on Suns or Dback game nights ... :-) :-)
5	My favorite place to eat! The salad is addicting, I go sometimes to just eat the salad. The staff is always very friendly. Try the Baked Rigatony, capellini checca and the penne rosa. Frankie is my favorite waitress :)
5	Favorite Italian spot to go. Love the ravioli! Haven't gotten anything there I didn't like. Reasonably priced, quiet atmosphere, and the servers are always pleasant.
3	Nice place to stop for lunch. Good lunch special for $7.95 that includes bread and salad. Nice atmosphere and good service.
5	Went to dinner with our son and daughter-in-law the other night and had an incredible dinner. We had fried Raviolis and calamari  for an app. The best calamari we have ever had! The Raviolis were the bomb!Salad was huge served family style and great bread. I had the short rib and my husband had the baked zitawith both sausage and meat balls. Both were outstanding!Service was excellent. We will diffentiely be back and will pass the word to our friends.
4	Been here twice and its been good. The first time 5 stars, but I had to knock it down one after the last visit. Waitress...not so good. She wasn't paying attention while we  were ordering and rang me in the wrong food. Very disappointing as I was really looking forward to my dish. She never stopped back to check on us so I didn't get a chance to fix it with her...:( She was very serious looking. Never smiling. I was almost too scared to tell her she made a mistake! Everything else was perfect. My family loves the bread, the salad and the food. Better than Olive Garden or any other Italian place we have been too.
4	The best Italian restaurant I have been to so far. Amazing decor giving a feel of all Italian celebrities. The on-the-house starters of salad and bread is delicious (coming from a person who doesnt like salads generally). Food is de-li-cious and not expensive for lunch.
