4	My hubby has been wanting to buy a vaporizer for a couple months now, so this past Saturday around 9:30pm we decided to go check some out. He had heard that this place recently opened & wanted to take a look. This place was well lit & had a huge selection of pieces, bongs & hookahs. We saw a few vaporizers in the display case & asked the dude working there about them. Then shortly into our convo the manager came out & introduced himself. They were both very helpful & knowledgeable. We ended up buying one & the manager gave us $5 off. A couple things I thought were pretty cool: the humidifier room with cigars & wraps & the huge, stone fountain/waterfall in the back of the shop that they said would be completed soon. Oh & above the humidifier room & fountain/waterfall were the address looking #s 420, nice. We'll definitely be back!
5	I happen to be staying in a new area of town and love to explore places around me, especially smoke shops!  I read about this one on line and the reviews on line were great!  From the outside it looks rather small but when I walked in it was definitely a breathe of fresh air.  I had never seen this atmosphere in a smoke shop.  The waterfall I read so much about wasn't working but still looked amazing and now I have a reason to go back.  The girl that was at the counter was very pleasant, let me browse without hounding and told me about the store.  I am not a "piece" expert or anything but they were very nice looking ones.  If you want to try a new place to get your herbal incense, hookah, or any other smoking needs I recommend at least stopping in to see how cool and different Herb n Legend is.
2	I would have given a much better review a month ago, but they're having hiring and inventory issues keeping e cigs in stock and they're liquid e cig prices are more pricey than other shops. Love the manager and the gentlemen. The new young woman needs training in customer service and product/inventory knowledge.
5	Herb N' Legend is an awesome store. They have a huge variety of products for good prices. The employees are very nice and helpful; plus the 20% off glass coupon code works. I would definitely recommend going here and I plan on making more purchases here.
4	They have redeemed themselves! It was brought to my attention by two very professional & courteous staff members that their inventory manager fell ill & is in the hospital. They're by far the best smoke shop in town. Lots to choose from and great e cigarette flavors!! Love them!
5	Herb N' Legend has everything! All their products are good quality and they carry a variety of kratom. One of the best things about this shop is that they are open on sundays until 11pm! I will definitely be going back.
5	Easy review to write. Definite 5 stars from service to selection. Seriously, you can't go wrong with this shop. I appreciate the deals too!
5	This place was awesome! The workers are very knowledgable and made sure that I didn't walk out with a subpar piece of glass. They even let me see the differences between two pieces I was interested in and filled them with water so that I could see which was smoother. They really care about your happiness here and they want to make sure you're satisfied. I went in and a haul that would've cost me $250+ cost me $207. They gave me a larger deal than what they have on yelp. Also, the guy that worked there told me that they give people discounts all the time. I definitely recommend this place!
4	This is probably the best smoke shop ive been to in the area. They have a very large variety of items from glass, tobacco and cigars. They have the widest options of hookah supplys and flavors that ive seen in any store. This os a place i'll be sure to go back too.
5	this place is really amazing highly recommended for quality glass and products that will last!! Dave Davids is an amazing bissness man and im glad to have the pleasure of doing bissness with him!! :D
5	I love this place, well at least that's the feeling that I had after I left.. As soon as you walk in you either hear Bob Marley or I'm sure something else that you listen to when your in your room..you know.. The vibe is amazing and the service was excellent the guy working there made sure to explain every detail that I needed to know about a vaporizer that I wanted.  He took the time to compare other stuff in the store and I got out of there with a good decision because of his help.. Check this place out you won't regret it.
