5	If you're looking for a high quality supply of meats, this is the place to go. In the winter this famer's market is TINY but that doesn't mean that you won't find good things from flowers & baked goods to grass-fed beef, pork and chicken. Baucom's Best http://www.baucomsbest.com/  and Grateful Growers Farm http://www.localharvest.org/farms/M10048 can be found here. We  pre-ordered some roasts from Baucom's Best and picked them up from Farmer's Market this morning. They look beautiful! And coming from a girl who was vegetarian for over a decade, that's saying a lot. We are very fortunate to have dedicated people willing to spend cold winter mornings out in a small lot waiting for us to pick up high quality LOCAL food. My friend just read Omnivore's Dilemma (I'm #22 waiting at the library for this book!) and is convinced local is the way to go.UpcomingWinter Market Dates:Jan. 5 and 19,Feb.2 and 16,March 1, 15 and 29Hours: 8-10am
5	Until November, there's still time to check out the Matthews Community Farmers' Market. It's one of the best in the area. There's an abundance of organic farmers who show up for this one, which I appreciate, and there's always other events going on in conjunction with the farmers' market. They've recently added a pepper roaster, and the smell of the peppers is amazing. My favorite part of this market is that there's almost always an interesting free sample of SOMETHING. If you wander around long enough and look hungry enough, someone will give you a taste!
5	The 5 stars is not for selection or the size of this thing but purely for the community aspect of it. There are numerous things going on - from music to cooking lessons to a pepper roaster (it's free!). It's also extremely cute and very small-town like. People kept running into someone they knew. It's apparent that the organizers of this thing try to get everyone involved and to have more people come out and enjoy the fresh produce. I purchased some pretty flowers (30 stems for $18!) and some hot peppers (there is a stand that has an unbelievable assortment of peppers - sweet and spicy). I bet when fall hits they'll have so much goodness!
4	Typically, the Matthews Community Farmers' Market is only open into November on Saturdays (and August on Wednesdays).  This year, at least, you can visit on December 22 from 4-6pm for a special Christmas Market and December 29 from 4-6pm for a New Year's Market.  There are also Saturdays in January 2011 where they will be open, so check the web site if interested.As to the market itself - it's not the Charlotte Regional (off Yorkmont).  That market is huge by comparison.  But it's also not the Mint Hill Market, which is similar to a yard sale with a lemonade stand or two on most weekends.  Most dates have a good selection of stands, and it is well attended, but as with many of the Charlotte-area markets, you need to get there early (even more so in the winter months).During normal (summer) hours, if you're there at noon, there may be nothing left.  In the winter, go when they open.  Since the market only operates for a couple hours, if you wait until the end of the second hour, you might miss out entirely.The appeal of this market is not the size, it's the community aspect, and that is a good thing, so make sure to check it out.  Just don't expect to show up at any time of the day to enjoy it!
5	Nice selection of produce and everyone is so friendly.
4	As the other reviewers said, get there early or you will be out of luck! If you show up at 10 or 11 am, you may not find what you were hoping for, because all the popular fruits/veggies will be sold out.If you are a fan of meat, there are local farms that specialize in providing grass-fed/antiboitic-free beef & pork.  I think there are also farmers offering fresh eggs, but they have always been sold out by the time I make it over there. While is it small, I do really like this little market & it offers just enough variety  to keep things interesting.  In addition to the usual fruits & veggies, you can pick up locally made crafts, goats milk soaps, honey, jelly/preserves, herbs (both freshly cut & potted so you can plant in your garden) and other items.  Of course, as expected with a typical farmer's market, don't forget to stop at an ATM on the way!
5	This is a cool Farmers Market!  Crowds, CROWDS - I LOVE Crowds!  It is easy to get a crowd here, because this is a SMALL Farmers Market!This is the Smallest Farmers market I have ever attended and that is one of the reasons I like it so much.  Small size can increase the Charm Factor and this Market IS Charming!  They are smart to include the word Community in naming their Market!What about the Honey, Eggs and Meat, Flowers, Produce and Herbs? ? ? I'm really here for the Crowds!  Someone took my Photo (that is NOT Cool - though the Photographer was)!  The Produce did look good! Live Music!  Well it was Live, not the Head Banging, Body Slamming, Punk, Industrial Metal or Jazz I would hope for... More like sit-down-country Church meets Small-Town Community Farmers Market on seated folk music... Still Entertaining!  I'm voting for some Ghost Stories with someone playing Sax in the background!I'm looking for some Muscadine Juice, NOT cider, Juice, Yum!  They do not have a vendor for Musudine Juice... Booo Wooo!
5	The Matthews Farmers Market is one of the many gems the little town of Matthews has to offer. I love this market because you will NOT see items like avocados and bananas in Dole packaging like you will at some farmers markets here in Charlotte. Last I checked Dole wasn't a local farmer. Just sayin.This market for how small it is, be prepared it's SMALL and can get crowed real fast, offers quite of bit of different items. Aside from the fruits and veggies one comes to expect from a farmers market, DUH, they also have a basket weaver, a soap maker, bakers, potters and a really nice guy who sells carnivorous plants. Stop by and talk to him. He's super nice and very knowledgeable about his plants. My kids find him very interesting. In fact thanks to him we now are the proud owners of a Venus Fly Trap. It makes quite the conversation piece for sure.I am personally fond of the Goat Cheese Lady and her neighbor the Pork Farmers who have wonderful breakfast sausage. I also have a crush on the bread lady who makes these incredible breads like Asiago and oregano, whole wheat cinnamon, mozzarella and sun dried tomatoes AND par baked pizza crust. My mouth is watering as I type. As everyone else said, get there early to get the good stuff but if you happen not to get there until 9-10 ish, you can still get your hands on some good produce and even catch a cooking demo with one of the local chefs or a craft demo like candle making.Enjoy!
4	Small, local, fresh - what more could you ask for?  The farmer's market in downtown Matthews is open on Saturday mornings (Tuesday nights during the summer as well) and gets quite the crowd.  Bring your cash though, because they have everything you need to make a delicious, fresh from the garden meal.  And to top it off, if you don't know what you make?  They have live cooking classes/shows going on most of the morning.One thing to look for is the fresh meat/sausage.  We have recently added it to our Italian nights with great success!Recommended!
4	Great, very family oriented and lots of fresh produce and meats which is what a farmers market is all about. I hate it when markets are overrun by stuff and there's not a lot of food. Not the case with this one. If they get to know you they will accept checks. Get there early for good selection, especially for meats and eggs.
5	We are big local and organic produce consumers.  I absolutely love the produce, especially New Town Farms for their organic produce.  Make sure you get there at opening bell on Sat. And there is a line that forms for their produce.  We are vegans, however the Baucom stand looks great for the carnivores who like meat, eggs, chicken, etc.  if we were still in our meat eating days ,my hubby and I would of gotten the Baucom bacon!!  They have a home baked bread vendor that is to die for and she makes amazing stuff, along with a French guy who makes pastries and other yummies.  The vendors are fantastic and EVERTHING is locally grown unlike the Regional and Kings Dr. Farmers market.  The vibe is really nice and laid back and the market has really good chefs from Charlotte doing cooking demo's and sampling the food.  Very well run and even though it is small, has excellent choices of food.  Our biggest problem was spending too much money!!
4	Small, comfortable farmers market. Not too commercial. Real, local producers.
5	I love this Farmer's Market in my new hometown!! I always find something interesting there on Saturday mornings.  Most of the vendors allow you to sample the goods that they are trying to sell, and most are very willing to talk/educate the passers by on their goods.  What a great way to spend a Saturday morning!!
4	I lived in Matthews when this was a twinkle in the townsfolk's eye. I transplanted from Miami, FL where organic and fresh were just a given everywhere. I love the market atmosphere, but am one who also loves to sleep-in on weekends...NOT a good idea IF you want to make good at this market. It's time for the Matthews market to choose a new space, a larger one. Also, no reason why it couldn't open year round. I'm an artsy-craftsy person and there are MANY of us who live in/close by the market. I'd love a great place to display my wares/wears! It doesn't HAVE to ruin any atmosphere of the current market...there are so many creative people who are a part of Matthews, that I'm betting the logistics could be worked out with ease! It could keep an open air feel while also having an indoor area. I'd visit WAY more, myself, if it was open year round. Time for some bigger thoughts, Matthews!
