5	Amazing!! We went on the Friends and Family preview night and had an amazing dinner. Great service too! Our waiter, Frank, was so knowledgable about the food, gave great suggestions, and kept the drinks coming! Food was delicious, great portions sizes for the whole family :)
5	This is by far some of the best Italian food I have ever ate. Please do not confuse this with the Carmine's pizza spot in. Vegas these are 2 different places. Everything is family sized. The waiter told us to try the rigatoni and broccoli along with calamari for an appetizer, the portions were so big it was only 2 of use it was enough to feed 4 people . The staff is very friendly and inviting. Prices are a bit high but when your eating this good it counts. I recommend this to anyone looking to eat some really good southern Italian food.
5	As a local, this place is worth the trip down to the Strip. Great food and service. Don't let the high prices scare you away. Each dish serves from 4 to 6 people, making it a good value. Give it a try.
4	This restaurant is huge! I believed it just recently opened and we stopped by for lunch.Portions are huge so we only ordered one pasta and one salad and had plenty of left overs. Service was great and we were greeted with a lot of smiles.
5	Stumbled upon this restaurant while doing some shopping at The Forum shops. Kids were hungry so we have it a try. The Ragu with Rigatoni was so good. Don't think I've ever had a meatball so tender and tasty. Portions are huge and an app and an entree could easily feed 4-5 adults. Our Server (Jeff) was very helpful and knowledgable with great suggestions. The whole staff from server assistants to management were very friendly and always there to answer any questions. Highly recommend this place.
1	How's the food?  Couldn't tell you because it never came out of the kitchen.  We stopped here in July to get some appetizers.  We came in after 9:00 PM and the place was not busy.  After being seated, our waiter pretty much forgot about us because it was about 30 minutes before someone else came by to take our drink orders.  We ordered our food at the same time and, just as we were ordering, our original waiter came back to the table to take over.  We told both waiters that we wanted the portabello mushroom appetizer (they have two mushroom appetizers, the other is stuffed caps).  They both went away and the original waiter came back again to confirm which mushroom appetizer we wanted.  We repeated - portabella.  30 minutes later (we've been here an hour now), out comes someone else with mushroom caps - not what we ordered.  We told him those weren't right and he didn't seem to understand what we were saying.  We called our server over and he saw what was wrong, apologized and took away the food to get the order right.  We're now starving and eating the all the bread at the table - which is grocery store quality by the way.  Spongy and not crusty at all.  After waiting another 30 minutes (now 90 minutes waiting FOR AN APPETIZER), and several visits from our waiter who kept making us feel uncomfortable by being over apologetic, we decided to talk with the manager.  She was nice enough, apologized for the inconvenience and said that we didn't have to pay for anything - so we left.  Over an hour an a half there, no real food (other than bad bread) and bad service.  Our first trip there was our last.  Hope your experience is better.  Oh by the way, if you like GOOD Italian food, this is not the place for you.  You can tell by the bread when a place is good or not (it's not good here) and we could see what others were getting.  This place looks like mid-west American style Italian food.  On par with Olive Garden.  Good luck!
1	0 stars.  Huge disappointment.  Father in law was always talking about wanting to try this place since couple months ago and was waiting for Carmines to open.  We dined here last weekend and our experience with both food and service was horrid!  Our server never came back to ask if we needed anything else once our meals came out.  Our pasta dish was undercooked.  The clam pasta tasted extremely bland and tasteless.  The meat sauce was boring.  It took 15 minutes and asking 3 different people before we got a basket of bread.  My in laws were so fed up with the slow service and horrible food.  What's going on Carmines???  We will not ever return.
5	Just had a private party here for 25 people and from start to finish...AMAZING!! Event manager Krista rocks! Food is top notch and service superseded our expectations! I would recommend this place for your private party! Our family was very satisfied ! The food and drinks just kept coming! Thanks Carmine's for making my mother in laws 50th birthday so special!
5	My experience at Carmine's was pretty good. The service was on point. Our drinks were always refilled without having to flag anyone over. I recommend the chicken  parm. It was really delicious! The waiter was knowledgeable of the menu and helped us pick out our entrees, took the time to explain everything. The vibe inside the restaurant was good too. Everyone was smiling and having a good time.
4	Came here for dinner on a Friday night.  It is a big restaurant with big portions.  Everything is family style and their were only 2 of us so we got appetizers.  I had the portabello mushroom appetizer and it was cheesy fantasticness(--- good enough to make up a word).  They brought out a basket with 4 or 5 different kinds of bread that were not disappointing.  The waiter was really helpful and nice and took his time with us.  The manager even came over to welcome us at one point.  If your in the area looking for Italian then you should check this place out.
3	We wanted to try Carmine's when we were in midtown Manhattan a couple of months ago but it couldn't compete with the nearby Shake Shack. It's good they opened in town. First thing you need to know, all the servings are huge! Come hungry with a big group. Last night it was just me, my wife and our toddler son. There were so many things on the menu which was posted on the wall. I was told this was intended so you will get up from your table and check out what the other patrons were having. We decided to order a custom Veal Saltimbocca on angel hair pasta. The flavors were simple, nothing to really write home about. Next time we'll bring the whole family so we can try more. Service was good, servers were very attentive. Also on the pricey side, but I guess that's justified by the large servings.
2	We had lunch today and was greeted promptly. The hostess explained the menu was on the wall....which is hard to see! Prices will shock you until you realize these are family size plates.....not that our waiter offered that info until we asked. The Calamari was the best I've eaten. So, if you wonder why only 2 stars. It is for the service! We ordered our drinks 3x with different wait staff before we got them. Then a manager came by to ask how was everything? We told them not good. We didn't have our drinks and still haven't ordered. All they did was send someone else over!?! My son ordered chocolate milk which was Powdered Hot chocolate stirred with milk. How do I know? The waitress told is when we complained about the chunks and taste. Really?  Just say you DON'T have Chocolate milk. Oh, and we still got charged for it. I will only get take out IF we ever return.
4	This place is great!Our server was attentive and friendly.I must warn you that this place is a family style restaurant so your portions are meant to be shared so order wisely these folks dont mess around with their portions.
1	If you like grey meatballs and chewy veal this place is for you.  A good meatball you can cut with a fork and it crumbles with brown juicy beef.  Not carmines you have to slice with a knife and solid grey in color, obviously filled with a lot of filler, soy?  The two large veal parmingan pieces had to be pounded out to fill the large platter.  It was either a large calf or perhaps ponded out flank steak.  Either way it was chewy for veal.  Veal should melt in your mouth.  Heavy with bread crumbs cheese and marina.  When I complained about the beef the wait staff QUICKLY took the platters away and sent the manager over.  He did remove from the bill.  The scampi was ok, heavy with bread crumbs tho.  I prefer scampi baked in olive oil or clarified butter, garlic, shallots, seasonings only.  The merlot was nice although odd served in small juice glasses.  The anti pasta salad was very good.  The large menu on the wall lacks how a dish is prepared and its ingredients.  I won't eat here again.
1	As a big fan of their Bahamas location I was excited for Carmine's to open in Las Vegas but to my surprise it was a huge disappointment! :(  Service was horrible (waiter took our order and pretty much forgot about us) and the dishes are cooked better in the Bahamas. Listed below is what our meal entailed: (Hope it helps)Calamari: The best dish of the night. Carmine's Salad: Don't waste your money on this. The salad tasted bitter. Beef Tenderloin: This was their Thursday special but don't waste your $79.99 because there is nothing special about this plate. It took over an hour to come out and it looks like a lot of meat but in actuality they stuff the plate with a lot of potatoes and layer the beef on top. It was dry and unsatisfying.Vodka Pasta: Good dish nothing to rave about. I recommend if you want to eat at Carmine's book a trip to Atlantis!! :)
5	So happy to find our favorite New York eatery closer to California. Fantastic service, I saw examples of team service over and over again, large portions and the food was absolutely delicious.
1	Service was the worst. Food was ok but it took at least an hour to get to our table! So I asked them to box it! Bad experience and will never come again.
4	We went to Carmine's after passing it several times over the last few weekends. The price is kinda deceiving. While the price I paid was $32 for the ragu, it was a huge portion. My girlfriend and I shared and we still had a lot of food to take home.  Definitely family style portions. And the waiter was very informative with the menu because I was ready to order three things. The food was very good. I'll repeat again and again and again. Total cost was $54 after (soft)drinks and tip. Very happy with this dinner selection.
5	Had a great dining experience. Can't wait to come back to LV and go with a large group. This spot is perfect for large parties to share in the "Family Style" portions. Carmine's is the new bomb Italian spot in Vegas.
4	Great food great service. Amazingly huge portions went with my husband and three kids and we only ordered to entrees and still had so much food left over. Make sure u go with a big party to eat here. I just wish they offered side salads and maybe some side appetizers. Wanted to try different stuff but had to pic and choose due to the size of the plates.
4	Out with friends ordered the Carmine salad had to use a magnifying glass to find the meat and cheese. The calamari was great but I made a big faux pas when I asked for more marinara. The waiter neglected to mention that there would be an extra charge for it. This took me by surprise and it embarrassed me as the other couple ended up treating us. We also ordered meatballs with rigatoni and everyone loved it. Service was only fair far from outstanding. Will have to think hard about returning.
2	What a disappointment.  Was expecting over sized portions, the waitress changed our order WITHOUT telling us (party of 5), I ordered ravioli for two, got 8 ravioli!  Not enough for one much less two, it was supposed to feed 3 to 5 persons (NO way). No one's order was super sized, the only thing super sized was the check.  The rigatoni must have had ONE table spoon of sausage.  Got dessert, mostly cream, no cake.  Total disappointment.
4	In the Old Planet Hollywood in the Forum Shops I had believed no place would ever succeed.  Transplanting the Carmines of NY / Atlantic City to the Vegas strip would be a challenge as so many cookie cutter type places exist and so many high end unique places open satelite places and fail.  Carmines delivers all of the expecations.Large long bar and huge seating area adorne this Italian retro look with huge billboards showing the family styple type offerings.  After a drink with the ever pleasant Nicole at the bar we sit 9 for dinner tonight.   Bread is presented which is OK and wine list is perused.  Really a fairly weak wine list to be honest but a couple of value $50.00 Italian and Sicilian bottles are located and were off and running.  Note glasses are like my grandfather used to use and if you watch the scene in the Godfather where The Don is talkling to Michael with a heart to heart you will notice the glasses used are the same here.  Nice touch though I doubt many will remember.Asked for some recomendations and we are offered a special Cold Antipasto and Hot Antipasto.  The cold was a mix of Italian Cold cuts / Procuitto, olives, eggplant salad, salmon on mozerrela bread etc.  This was fair nothing to write home about at $37.00. The Hot Antipasto was a Small Calzone, stuffed bread, stuffed mushrooms, ground sausange and brocoli Rabbe, Clams Oregenato, Mussels in red sauce, and a few other things.  This was again OK but the Mushrooms were absolutely to die for So much so that we ordered a separate platter of stuffed mushrooms, a platter of meatballs and a very good Italian Mozerella and parmagina baked bread to complete the appetizers.   all and all Meatballs, Mushrooms and bread top scores.We take a break here to see how much more we should order as we have hit it pretty good right now but on we go.  Platter of Chicken Marsala, Platter of Veal Parm, Platter of Shrimp Fra Diablo and platter of linquini bolognese with extra side of Bolognese sauce.     Veal Parm a near perfect 10... Delicious, chicken Marsala good but not my favorite, the Shrimp were absolutely incredible clean tasty perfectly cooked while the hot sauce was just the right amount of spicy and declicious as well.  Didn't need the 3bls of pasta in Red Sunday Bolognese Gravy but have to say it was dam outstanding. NO coffee or deserts tried as we can't walk at this time but 9 guys 4 bottles of wine tax and Tip (Not included automatically) we walked out for $630.00   As far as I'm concerened a tremendous value and really for the most part tremendous presentations and food and taste.  Service was spot on all night and would not in any way hesitate to return here in the future.  Big Thumbs up handling 9 Hungry Hombres. Congratulations forum shops think you found one to stay awhile.
4	I've been to Carmine's in New York before and I liked it. Huge family style portions but better than Buca di Beppo, I think. Made a reservation and went here with the family. It's not as busy like the one in the Theater District in NYC.They make their lemonade fresh to order: strawberry or blueberry. They use real fruits...but refills aren't free. I personally love their strawberry lemonade because it's real tart...so refreshingly good. Since we're a small family (with a big appetite) we got the chicken scarpariello, manicotti...and the Titanic for dessert. Great bread service...combine olive oil, balsamic vinegar and Parmesan as a dip.Chicken Scarpariello:Chicken in lemon butter and rosemary sauce. The meat is tender, juicy and perfectly cooked. The skin is light brown and crispy. Even the breast (normally the driest part of a chicken) was juicy. The sauce was delicious. 5/5 Manicotti:Pasta filled with ricotta. Tomato sauce was thick and tangy. 3.5/5Titanic:Chocolate torta, gelato, ganache, whipped cream, pineapple, strawberry and hazelnuts. One of the best desserts I've had recently. It's a combination of their chocolate torta and gelato. Think banana split but waaaay better. This dessert (just like all of their desserts) is huuuuge. It would take 4 people to take down this behemoth. The ganache is what makes this so good. Everyone that would pass by our table would stop and admire this beauty. 5/5Our server forced us to take our leftover dessert home. "Just freeze it and it would still be good". It looks like a mess now but it's still delicious! Service is a little slower here and our food took a long time.
1	Blah! Ordered the Linguini with clams. No good. Smelt and tastes like burnt garlic, too much crappy oil used to cook the dish and waaaay over priced. Wine is served in a cocktail glass instead of a wine glass ghetto!!! I get it that its "old school Italian" but if were keeping up with "old school Italian" why did they offer me Cheese with my shellfish? This place should pack up and retire.
1	Excited to go and try this place out, limited bar, not many flavored vodkas and food was mediocre at best, Maggiano's is much better, will not be back!
3	In town for a conference and took a customer to dinner.  He actually requested Carmine's in lieu of some gold standard restaurants in the area.  I was very pleasantly surprised!  We started with the calamari.  It was crisply fried and not greasy at all.  Four of us ate the whole platter.  We then split the Porterhouse steak and penne pasta with a rose cream sauce.  The pasta was very good if simple.  The porterhouse was outstanding.  On a cut that size, it is usually tough and difficult to prepare properly.  It was med rare and sliced into thin strips with a little drizzle of garlic butter over the top (butter, no wonder). It was very tender and flavorful. We all commented on how good it was.  Definitely a solid 3 1/2 stars!
3	Food was good but a bit heavy on the garlic in every dish for me.  Enjoyed the family style service.   The chocolate torta is THE reason to go again.
5	Best Italian food I've had in Vegas.. probably because it's from NY!Went here when my inlaws were visiting (there were 8 of us total)Started w/ fried calamari and zucchini apps.  The zucchini was like zucchini french fries which was not what I was expecting. Still good though! Would probably get something else instead next time.We went on a Wednesday when they had a veal dish on special.  It was $62 for a huge plate of veal...even the salad that came on the plate was amazing!  We also ordered eggplant parm (my fave and it was amazing), chicken parm, and angel hair and meatballs.  Since my husband and I live in town we took the leftovers home.  I ate the rest of the eggplant over a few days and froze the rest for another time. I can't wait to have visitors again so we can go eat here.. again!  Makes me miss NY even more but I'm glad I can at least hit up Carmine's when I want real Italian food.  Our bill was close to $400 and we had ordered a bottle of wine, the rest of us had regular drinks.  We probably could have gotten away with 1 less dish and been fine.
3	Having been to Carmine's in NYC we knew what to expect in the way of portion size and the general menu. Carmine's salad was very good the veal parmigiana and the rigatoni with proscuitto were just ok. Veal a little overdone and the rigatoni was the same as any mediocore Italian place serves in NY. And what's with the glasses? Small glass for water (Vegas, Dry, Hot) same small glass for wine. I know that is how it is served in Italy but dude this is Nevada. Capisce?
1	I finished up my conference and had one last night in Vegas.  I'm Italian and wanted a no nonsense dish of pasta and salad.  I came across Carmines in the Caesar's Forum shops so went in.  Since I was by myself, the hostess recommended I sit at the bar.  She informed me that the portions were served family style but I could get half portions there.  Ok, no problem.  After I sat, my bartender confirmed I was there for dinner then pointed out that only certain items on the menu were served in so-called half portions.  Ok, so the pasta part was simple.  I was willing to pay $17 for a two serving dish of pasta pomodoro.  I noticed the sub selections came with a side salad so I asked if I could get one with my pasta.  Simple enough, right? Well, no.  I couldn't get a side salad with my pasta.  I informed them I was expecting to pay separately for it but "No, we can't do that".  So If I wanted a salad, I would have to pay another $17 dollars for a very large (serves 4) salad.  So needless to say, I left. Honestly, I don't think they cared.   With all the competition in Las Vegas, you would think Carmines would be a little more accommodating.  (By the way, the gentleman sitting next to me ordered a dish of rigatoni with no meat and got served a very large dish of rigatoni with a large amount of sausage. I guess he didn't like the explanation from the same manager who denied me my side salad.  Because, he left, too.)   I walked through the casino, sat at the bar at Rao's and had a lovely single serving of pasta, with a single serving of salad, one meatball and a glass of wine.  Oh, and I can't forget about the one cup of cappuccino.  It was excellent.
5	Got married in Vegas and came here for our wedding dinner. Very large portions allowed everyone to share and taste multiple dishes. The calamari was a huge hit. Caesar salad was the best dressing I have ever had. Everyone enjoyed their meals and all dishes were cooked just right. Even better, there were left over's for everyone to take home. Staff was very friendly and efficient and best, the chef went out of his way to come out of the kitchen and congratulate us on our wedding. Truly a night we will never forget.
4	Quick look: NYC's famed Carmines in the center on the Forum Shops Mall delivers  traditional Italian fare in MASSIVE family type portions. Couples / single diners beware - this is a lot of food and I suggest groups of 4 or more for ideal proportions. In depth review: being from NY we were well aware of the Carmine's reputation. Was excited to FINALLY get a chance to try their fare here in Vegas. Ate there this past Monday night and the massive space was pretty full at 7pm for dinner. Nice casual setting with high ceilings, a freakishly large bar with flat screens showing the football game and large menu boards and classic Italian pics decorating the walls. Felt very warm and comfortable even though the room was gargantuan and located in a busy mall. Server was a nice Serbian fella and he was very attentive. Made some good suggestions and explained the portions and the menu. We kept it simple and ordered a mixed drink, a glass of wine, calamari appetizer and the veal parmesan with penne pasta. The calamari priced at $17 was the largest portion I have ever seen. Was a mountain of fried squid and way too much for two people. It was good, breaded well and not too greasy. We almost filled up on this and had to stop ourselves. The bread was also very tasty!The veal parmesan came out with perfect timing after the appetizer. The serving dish was piled 4 inches high with penne pasta and it included two giant slabs of veal parm on the top. Wife and I looked at each other in disbelief at how large this dish was. The waiter served us and we started to eat. It was very tasty and the veal was prepared perfectly. The red sauce was also delicious and was glad to see that they did not use sugar when preparing it. We ate till we couldn't eat any more and we had a lot to take home with us in doggy-bags. Was it the best I have ever had, no. But it was certainly one of the better traditional veal parm dishes in the city. It's a lot of food. Too much for less than four people. We actually had enough for two more additional meals!!My advice would be to add a "couples menu" to their menu. Many couples go out in Vegas. It's a different market and I feel like the large, massive portions alienate couples who want to eat there. Who would want to carry doggy-bags around with them on the mall and on the all night? A lot of people do not have refrigerators in their hotel rooms as well. Price for two of us was about $130. So the pricing is not exactly cheap. Was a solid meal and w/o a smaller, couples menu - I will only return when I have family or friends in town and they want to eat traditional "red sauce" Italian.I have also had lunch here - the submarine sandwiches are also MASSIVE! I had an Italian mixed and a tomato and mozzarella sandwich and both were tasty and well made. The bread is super fresh and they don't hold back on the meat. Two people can split one and have more than enough.
5	My family and I celebrated birthdays, last evening, in Carmine's Restaurant in Caesar's Palace Las Vegas.  Truly a food coma delight!!  We live in NYC, and have eaten in Carmine's in NYC, several times. This is the first time we have eaten here in Carmine's in Vegas, it just opened Fall 2013.   The penne with Bolognese sauce, meatballs and manicotti were magnificent.  For our appetizer, we ordered Spiedini Alla Romana, pure heaven.   And for the grand finale, the Titanic!!  A huge replica of the ship made out of chocolate fudge, bananas, pineapples, strawberries, real cream and chocolate shavings; not to mention, the three Italian rolled cookies, Pirouettes,  shaped into smoke stacks with candles emerging from each stake.Soooo Gorgeous to eat!!! Outstanding display of food beauty, not to mention the charm and efficiency of the wait staff.  Our waiter, Mr. Baker, sang and danced for us (formerly a performer), now a church choir singer and coordinator.  He made the night extra special with his talent and charm.  Yes, the portions are humongous!! One portion for a least 3-4 persons, and the Titanic dessert serves at least 4-5 persons, and that is still too much. The next time you visit Vegas, take a trip to Caesar's and enjoy the epicurean delights at Carmine's!!
5	The spaghetti & meatballs were delicious; sauce is amazing! Five stars!
3	I visited Carmine's NYC during Thursday Oct 31st (Halloween,) for dinner and this place was pretty empty. We had originally made a reservation for 7 people for 7:30pm, but when we arrived a little less than half of the restaurant was still empty. As we arrived the restaurant had a very interesting layout but you could still feel the Italian roots. There are no elaborate walls or breaks in the dining area its all one large box covered with pictures and a massive ceiling. Carmine's offers a list of authentic Italian dishes, including but not limited to Antipastas, Rigatoni, Chicken Contadina, Garlic Bread Parmigianino, and not to mention their 20ft wine rack in the front of the restaurant.During our visit, our party had ordered Garlic Bread Parmigianino for appetizers, Rigatoni A Bolognese and Chicken Contadina as our entrees. The garlic bread seemed a bit too authentic for my taste; it consisted of large cuts of bread caked with Parmesan cheese which I thought was icing at first. The Rigatoni Bolognese, which was essentially Rigatoni pasta with a meat sauce, was much better in taste and quality, the pasta was a bit cold but the meat sauce had a good consistency and flavor. Likewise the Chicken Contadina, was served with a similar pasta however the chicken was bone-in and got cold quickly. Two things I didn't enjoy very much.Overall the service was a bit above average, our server was definitely very knowledgeable of the menu and had proper etiquette when it came to serving us and maintaining the cleanliness of our table.  The ambiance was about what I expected, as I mentioned earlier the restaurant is laidback and has a very spacious layout with a high ceiling, which I like. There were picture of random Italian figures all across the walls, which contributed to the new world Italian roots feel. I would say this restaurant was a good representation of what to expect from authentic Italian restaurants in the US. In a nutshell, this place is a more expensive Buca de Beppo with moderately better quality food. I was definitely not impressed and would rate my experience average at best. Unfortunately family style restaurants don't really do it for me as the food always ends up cold less than halfway through the meal. Overall, this is a great casual restaurant to get the authentic feel of Italian family style dining. There were no service failures or defects with the food, however it was a one-time experience for me.*Tip* order cautiously! We had 7 hungry guys at our table, 1 appetizer and two entrees were enough to fill us up! Portions are HUGE... hence why they cost as much as an arm and a leg.
1	There were just too many things about my dinner that I didn't like - from subpar food to surly service.  The style of Carmine's itself may appeal to some people, perhaps large families, but for me much of it seemed contrived by some "idea man" that wants a gimmick and sets that as a higher priority than anything else.To start,. three of us were seated and given two menus.  When I asked for another my server explained (with a little too much exasperation, as though this happens too many times) that the restaurant is family style and there are menus on the wall, so they only give every other person a menu.  When I just smiled, she gave me a menu.  Thank you.The menu didn't have descriptions below the items.  I love Italian food and can be equally happy with authentic Italian or with Americanized Italian food.  But some of the dishes, like Chicken Scarpariello, I am not familiar with.  If you purposely print a menu designed to make your customers ask for details, then employ servers that are friendly and willing to describe things.  Family style dining isn't a bad idea, but what happens when the salads are $23 and only 2 of the 3 people are in the mood for salad?  Well, my friend, you are out of luck.  The salad is easily large enough to serve 7 people and is piled so high on the plate that when the food runner plates it up for you several pieces fall all over the table.  You could splurge and just order far more than you could eat, or somebody gets shorted.Main courses were also easily able to feed 6 people or so.  We tried the pasta special of 4 pastas on a platter.  They were all very mediocre.  In fact nothing stood out as being even marginally better than something I could buy frozen at Trader Joe's and reheat in my microwave.  We shared a bottle of wine and here the server actually anticipated a problem that probably occurs often.  Apparently their wine glasses are the same as their water glasses - a very small juice glass.  She warned us of this as soon as we ordered and offered to bring stemware. Yes, please.  The wine was nice, but BIG PET PEEVE: Some wines need decanting.  If you are too casual of a restaurant to do this, fine.  Just don't sell wines that need decanting!!  Do you know how unpleasant it is to be caught up in conversation only to take a final sip of wine and fill your mouth with sediment???? UGH!And, since I am on a roll...why use water glasses that are so tiny?  Whoever made that decision should have realized that directly corresponds to needing more staff available to refill.  Nope, in reality it means sitting without water for a good part of the meal.  Hello, it's a desert out there!Dessert choices were confusing.  Again, no descriptions on the menu and now no prices.  This I really do not like.  Why wouldn't you have prices??  Oh, someone's brilliant idea of forcing our surly server to have to explain.  Well, this one you can order 2 or 4, but this one is only one size and big enough for 6 and this one is sold individually....Seriously?  Why make it so confusing?Even with all of that disappointment, I would have considered at least one more star if there was even anything in our copious leftovers that I would have bothered taking home to reheat.  Nope, it was all blah.  Even the bread was ick.  Big Italian sin in my book.
5	Ate there last week.  Food and service was so good that I just made Thanksgiving reservations!
5	Just as good as the New York location, but not *nearly* as crowded! We made reservations for three for an early Friday night dinner, but I don't think the reservations were necessary. The restaurant got busy, but it definitely never got as busy as the restaurant in Times Square.The staff was all friendly, and took the time to joke around with us. Our waiter recommended some drinks, and then gave us time to decide on our order.I've been dreaming about Carmine's Bolognese since we had it in March, so of course that was the sauce that I wanted. We agreed on a pasta type and an appetizer (the calamari) and then stared at the bread basket that they placed on the table in front of us.We'd all been to Carmine's New York location before, so we knew from experience that there'd be a ton of food coming our way, and were weighing the pros and cons of eating the bread ahead of our meal. We nibbled at the bread, but decided to save our appetites for the food.And, oh! That food! That glorious, delicious, exceedingly large portion of food!The calamari came out first, and initially, we thought we'd have no problem polishing it off. There were three of us, after all, and we were all pretty hungry. The calamari was delicious - crispy and piping hot, there was good flavor in both the batter and in the squid meat. I didn't try the marinara sauce, but the others seemed to love it. I preferred throwing a dusting of parmesan cheese on top, which made it even better.As we were putting a dent into the platter of calamari, our waiter came by with our platter of Angel Hair pasta with Bolognese sauce. He then started to dish it all out for us, and for some reason, I ended up with the largest serving. Maybe because I clapped and bounced up and down in my seat when he set it down on the table?The sauce was just as good as I remembered it being, which was a huge relief. I tend to have very bad luck with things that I've experienced once, and end up craving. They never quite add up, you know? But, that wasn't the case here. The sauce was meaty and mildly spicy, without being too tomato-y. Is that a word? Tomato-y? It is now.It wasn't long before we realized, not only had we failed in clearing out the calamari, there was a not-so-small portion of pasta left over. As we were all in hotel rooms without microwaves, we weren't sure we wanted to take the leftovers with us, but then decided to see if we could find someone...in need...to give it to.I'm so glad that we found out about this location before our trip to Vegas. It was the perfect pre-race meal, and we loved everything from the service to the quality of the food. Once again, we left overly full and impressed by Carmine's!
1	Very disappointing with the service.  Started with the hostesses and ended at the hostess desk. The ladies have more attitude than an annoying in grown pubic hair, and that's pretty sad!!Give me a break ladies!  You're killing Carmine's business with that attitude. I recommend Carmine's in NY, at least the attitude is decent!P.S. the hostess with the dark brunette hair, you might want to wipe your mouth after you eat.  I kind of figured what you had for breakfast; the crusty oatmeal left over on the corners of your mouth didn't look too appealing at all.  Beauty is a duty!
5	We took our hungry family to Carmine's late on Sunday evening.  What made the dinner excellent was the outstanding service we received from Frank, the tall waiter from New York City.  He helped us with recommendations and genuinely cared that everything went well.  Frank made us feel like VIPs.  The assistant servers were on-point too.  The manager dropped by to make sure we were OK and the hostess was personable. We had the Rigatoni Country Style and Chicken Parmesan.  With our family of 4, we had leftovers too.  We are glad we chose Carmine's at the Forum.
5	Now this is what an Italian family style restaurant should be. Generous portions of delicious Italian food served in a cherry atmosphere by attentive, welcoming waiters. The Caesar salad was properly dressed and served with anchovies in the side. We had the spaghetti and meatballs and shrimp scampi. Tomato sauce was thick, rich and generous. Meatballs were moist with just a hint of garlic and cheese. Mama would be proud. Highlight of an already fantastic meal was the scampi. Not the butter and garlic drenched monstrosity served elsewhere. These were succulent shrimp seemingly baked in garlic, butter, white wine and parsley, with a seasoned bread crumb crust. This was the kind of dish that makes you smile. Simple Italian done right.
5	Not sure why there are so many negative reviews. Carmine's has always been one of my favorite places to eat in NYC so I was excited to find one in Vegas! I had a picture of a pasta dish I had at the location in Times Square and this location took that picture and made something even better! Our server, Michael Baker, was accommodating, funny and entertaining! Please give this location a chance if you're reading this!! We had a FANTASTIC experience and really enjoyed ourselves! The food is, as always, AMAZING!!
5	Excellent food, great ambiance, very good service.  Reminded me of the Italian restaurants in NYC.  Very authentic Italian food and plenty of it.  If you are in Vegas and want Italian this is a must stop.
4	I used to work here in the Forum Shops and was one of those anticipating for Carmine's to open and finally got to try them out last week. I came here with a party of 11 to celebrate my aunt's birthday. I must say my aunt and her family are from NY and have eaten at the Carmine's there, so the expectations were set pretty high. I do love the inside of the place especially how the high raised ceilings have all sorts of pictures hanging on the walls. If only the restaurant was in a stand alone building then it would truly give that Manhattan feel. Before anything was served we noticed that the plates were at the end of the table, my aunt expected the server to place each plate in front of us because that's what the server did in NY. It didn't happen, so I guess here it's more of a self serve concept. My beverage of choice was the strawberry lemonade since another review mentioned how good and tart it was. She was right I did enjoy the tartness(tasted similar to Red Robbin's Freckled Lemonade), too bad it's not free refill because I sure did finish that drink before the food was served.So here is the break down of the food:Carmine's salad- I liked all the additional toppings in this salad like berries, nuts, and salami if I remember correctly. We had 2 salads and assumed they were the same because they looked very similar. After tasting both we realized the other one was a mixed green salad. I prefer Carmine's salad and say it's worth the $3 difference. Calamari- pretty standard, wasn't too greasy and the breading was like how I've had it at other Italian restaurants.   Zuppa Di Clams (white)- I am not a fan of clams but my brother convinced me to try the last piece and I was pleasantly surprised. If you enjoy clams I definitely would recommend this dish, pretty delicious I must say. The sauce for the clams was so good we saved it to put on our pasta.Broiled porterhouse steak- this was really delicious and I thought it was perfectly cooked with various pieces being rare and medium (refer to the picture). One of the better cuts of steak I've had from a restaurant. Warning this is pricey, costing $80.Chicken Scarpariello- I read from another review recommending this dish and when we ordered it the server said they were out?! I was shocked at first because I've never heard of a chicken dish running out at a restaurant. Thankfully she came back and said they still had it. It was cooked in a buttery sauce, probably my favorite dish of the night and reasonably price. I will definitely order this the next time I come back. There was a pasta dish we ordered but I can't remember what the name was. Next time I come, I'll also order the Rigatoni & Broccoli as recommended by another yelper. According to my aunt and her husband the food was a little on the salty side, but still a good quality in comparison to the one in NY. However the service was lacking. I really want to come back but it probably won't be any time soon. This place was pricey so I'll have to find a special occasion to come here for.
5	I've been here multiple times and every last time I have truly enjoyed the entire experience. The prices are actually amazing for what you get and even better if you have a bunch of people. Definitely 1000% worth trying.....
3	Checked out Carmines with my fellow Yelper Amar B. this Halloween. I've heard alot about this place so I was pretty excited to see what they had to offer. Carmine's occupies the former Planet Hollywood restaurant spot inside the Forum Shops. My first thoughts walking in were "wow this place is huge and empty." The restaurant is massive, vaulted ceillings, tons of pictures and sizeable bar.The food here defintely gives 'family style" dining a whole new meaning as the portions here on the are massive. I have never seen a restaurant regularly serve up so much food. The appetizer and two entrees we order were more than enough to feed the seven of us. Unfortunately, Carmine's failed to follow the common mantra of quality over quantity.We started with ordering the Garlic Bread Parmigianino as a appetizer. The huge texas toast style slices of bread totally caked with a thick layer of Parmesan cheese and garlic seasoning. After about half through the slice, the oil from cheese and spread became overwhelming and I had to put it down. The Chicken Contadina was OK at best, huge pieces of bone-in chicken got cold too quickly and the sausage that accompanied it was surprisingly lacking in flavor. The last dish we had, Rigatoni Bolognese, was the best out of the three, the meat sauce and the pasta complimented each other nicely and dish was full of flavor.Service was a bit below average for this type of restaurant. Our server came around infrequently to refill our miniature glasses of water and didn't even offer us a wine list or dessert menu. Not sure if he was just having a bad day but he came across as very uninterested, hurried, and unhospitable.Carmine's is certainly not cheap, most entrees run anywhere from $30-$50 but keep in mind that they are meant to feed a large group of people. The place has a lot of potential and I would love to come back and check out some of their other offerings.
5	Where do I begin! We're from the NYC area and my boyfriend loves Carmine's. always talks about it. But I had never tried it, so we finally did yesterday in Vegas and it was amazing. I mean the decor was very neat. I'm a total food, wine, hospitality junkie and I had never seen a wine rack so tall! The photos on the walls were authentic and really told a story about the place. We were greeted by a nicely dressed host who welcomed us with a warm smile and brought us over to our table. A few moments later, our waiter Frank introduced himself. He had a ton of knowledge and answered every question we had about the mouth watering menu. Frank was the ideal waiter to have, at my first time at Carmine's. we were lucky to have gotten there a little bit after lunch time because we were able to  order from the lunch menu, which had smaller portions, which were still big! We ended up getting garlic bread, half with cheese. Which I thought was cool. Most places don't offer you the option. And then we shared a lunch size Penne Ala Vodka. And we still had left overs!!! Perfect Italian cooked pasta. None of that over cooked mushy shit. The food was excellent. The place was organized and beautiful. The bathrooms were clean. And the service was awesome. Our waiter was friendly and fun to talk to! Although he did tell us he was a Raiders fan. Ha ha. Recommending Carmine's to everyone I know! I also can't wait to dine at the NYC and DC locations! High expectations! Keep up the good work and hospitality, Vegas!
4	Well, it's not the Carmines in New York, but it's pretty darn close. Like many New York, LA or celebrity owned restaurants in other cities, when they come into Las Vegas, sure it's the same menu they usually even look somewhat similar but there is just that "it" factor, that vibe, that's missing. One part is maybe even just the staff. When you're at Carmines in New York all of the staff has that New York attitude that is just so amazing and fun. One things that did make me really feel like I was in New York, was the fact that Carmine's is inside the Caesars Forum so there are no views of palm trees or the desert to be had. The other thing is that the place was decorated for Christmas, there's just something about Christmas in New York that is very special and inviting.  So if you are wondering around Caesars looking for somewhere to eat or craving some good ol' New York style Italian food, I highly recommend popping in to Carmines. Hey, it is Vegas after all, it's all about excess; whether that means spaghetti or slot machines!
2	A big disappointment. My brother and I went here to see if they are as good as they claim. Nah. Go somewhere else.They say they serve large family style portions to feed at least 4 hungry people, Italian "generous family" style. We ordered the Spaghetti Bolognese, about $38, and while it came on a big plate, there obviously was not enough pasta. So after two small portions each, we were left hanging. There was still some meat sauce, so we asked if we can just get some more spaghetti. The waiter said the manager said it will be $12.50 more. Since we were unsatisfied, we had to bite the bullet and order it. But I felt ripped off. If they had given enough pasta to begin with, there would not have been this problem. My brother and I always eat at Buca di Beppo and we never ever had this problem. And, my big complaint is pasta is cheap. In my opinion their true hospitality and good business sense to make the customer happy would have been to just give us the extra portion of pasta just to be satisfied, as opposed to being reamed. PASTA IS CHEAP. Or, if they wanted to charge, max. should have been $6.The waiter was also not a very pleasant guy. He was always hurrying, he had no genuine interest, he was perfunctory. Proof: we had to ask for bread. We had to ask for the olive oil and balsamic vinegar to dip the bread. And though we still had not finished the bread, he swoops away the olive oil and vinegar. We had to ask for it back.Finally, this place is really a joke. When you call a place LEGENDARY, it's reputation is vaunted, by its length of it in business, at least, arbitrarily, around 30 years; it has served actual LEGENDS, this being Vegas, it should have served and has documented patronage by Sinatra, Elvis, etc. And to be a legend, it really should be respected and renown; Carmine's IS A LEGEND IN THEIR OWN MIND, ONLY. Look at their sign: ESTABLISHED 1990. THAT IS HARDLY A LEGEND. Overstated, just tooting their own horn, with nothing to back it up. With all the great Italian restaurants here in Vegas I am sorry we even went here. Appropriate descriptions would have been "Famous Italian food", or "Celebrated Italian Cuisine". LEGEND? Since only 1990? Have you noticed true legendary places? Vacheron watches, depuis (since) 1755. So give me an effing break Carmine's.I also politely told them there, and through their comment place, at their website, of my utter disappointment. No reply. In other words, they don't really care about customer service. All they want is $$$$. This place may go on for a while due to foot traffic. But you can rest assured I DO NOT AND WILL NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL. I'd rather go to Buca or the many other fine Italian restaurants here in Vegas.
4	Not bad. Huge portions so plenty to share. For a chain restaurant I was pretty impressed. I would recommend going here if you are in Vegas as most of the restaurants are pretty iffy when it comes to quality.
5	It is really important to review something for what it is and for what it is this place is amazing. If you are looking for a small bite or if you are looking for a place where you can share six different dishes and not have to carry out 5 bags worth of leftovers then this is not the place for you. However if you go to this restaurant for what it is then you will be able to share one or two items with your table and have absolutely amazing food and tons of it and most likely have leftovers to bring home for a pretty fair price. The more people in your party the better value this place becomes but it's still a very fair deal amazing food for even a party of 2... I highly recommend going to this restaurant
5	Absolutely the best Italian food. Period.
3	Family style Italian dinner. The food was not great, it was overly salty!If you have a big group they are accommodating but the service is not the best either. For the price you can definitely find somewhere better.
4	Located in the old Planet Hollywood spot inside the Forum shops, this place is pretty good.  High ceilings with plenty of pictures and an impressive bar that climbs up to the ceiling.  Or server who was from Brooklyn was efficient but not over friendly, NY attitude for sure.  As all the other reviews state, this place has huge portions but if there is only two of you, eat at the bar, they have portions for 2.  I was part of a party of 6.  We had the calamari, seafood pasta and spaghetti with sausage and meatballs.  Seafood pasta had a whole lobster in it.  It was full of calamari, shrimp and clams.  Delicious.  Meatballs were great too.  It was plenty of food for 6 with leftovers.  Tiramasu was a whole cake, delicious.  Impressed.
2	Hits and miss. We came here with a party of 12 after we couldn't secure a desirable time for Bacchanal. First, easy to get reservation at anytime so that's a plus but indicative of what's to come. Ambiance is great. 20+ foot ceilings wonderfully decorated for Christmas. Now the food. It was really pricey even with the large portion. Most of the dishes were over salted and the complimentary bread was COLD. It wasn't even room temperature. Asked if they could heat it up a bit and said they couldn't. You have a whole freakin kitchen back there and you can't toast bread just slightly??Stick with Bucca. There are several around the area on and off strip.
4	We walked in here by accident and boy was I happy we did. It's family style. Huge portions of food for everyone. We had the house salad and fried zucchini to start. It also came with a variety of bread that was very freshly baked. That in itself was very good. For our entrees we had the shrimp Diablo and rigatoni with broccoli and sausage. We had frozen cocktails that were expensive but delicious.Everything was excellent. We finished with coffee that was ok but nothing overly fancy. The price is as advertised. Expensive but worth it.  As a side note all of the other dishes that passed us looked equally as good.
2	Sadly I had a two star experience here last night so needed to update. Had horribly salty dish and was unimpressed by the overall experience. Even the good is sometimes horribly bad I guess....
2	I really wanted to love this place, but it wasn't great. We stopped hear before we saw Boys II Men at the Mirage for dinner. I had dirty burps all night, which has never happened to me. I love Italian food, and this was a disappointment. Go to Battista's Hole in the Wall instead, trust me.
5	We came here instead of Planet Hollywood and boy were we lucky. This was one of the most amazing dinners we have ever had in our lives. The calamari was the best ever. And I'm a calamari snob. Next we had the sausage and pasta,chicken parmigiana and chicken scarpariello.  Every dish was outstanding. There were six of us and we were stuffed. When you order, I recommend one dish per every two people. This will be a lot of food but too much is better than not enoughThis is our new go to place..
4	Carmine's has the biggest portion sizes I have ever seen, they could feed an army. We ended up sitting in the bar area which serves smaller portions (only for 3 people) but the menu is more restricted. The prices seem high but when you consider how much food is served they actually become very reasonable.We ordered the Caesar salad and penne bolognaise, the food was so rich and there was so much of it that we ended up taking the final third of the bolognaise to eat the next day. I would definitely recommend Carmine's to anyone in search of a good quality hearty meal in Las Vegas.
5	What a fun time for Super Bowl! They charged $50 per person for all you can eat buffet. They had large tv's set up in every room. Everyone with reserved tickets had a table to watch the game and party. The food was really good. Service was very good. They had a little trouble with tv sound at first, but got it fixed quickly. The only bad thing about the party was that Denver lost. We bet on them and couldn't believe that outcome! Oh well, next year. Great job Carmine's!
4	Twelve hungry Italians can make for some serious caloric debauchery and yesterday was no exception.  Our doll of a waiter actually laughed at the amount of food we  ordered!! Here's what we had (keep in mind, there were five kids and seven adults and everything is served family style): --mixed green salad--delicious, every morsel was devoured --Caesar salad--broccoli--yummy--eggplant parmesan--incredible--spaghetti with meatballs--rigatoni with Bolognese (my fave) --Porterhouse--kids liked it (didn't love because it came with some garlic rub on it)--chicken scarpariello--ok, could've used more sauceWe left happy and it goes without saying that we took a long walk and skipped dinner!!!  All and all, it was delicious.
5	9 hungry adults ready to eat!! let me tell you, hands down, #1 on my list!! All of the servers are very helpful with one another, if it's 1 table, there are 2 servers. 2 tables, there are 3 servers & so forth. Last minute decision but we had just enough time to put in a reservation and I am so thrilled we did. Entrees are huge, just enough to serve 3 hungry people. we got 2 appetizers, 3 entrees, & 1 HUGE dessert named the titanic. we all shared everything. I highly recommend the salmon platter. everybody dug into that one within 2 minutes & it was gone. they are ALWAYS refilling drinks, but I will remind you they are not free refills. Very nice atmosphere but don't go here if you are planning a date or somewhere quiet. this place is very up beat & seems to always be busy. I forgot out servers' names' but from the look of it everybody here is nice & guiding. it is a bit pricey, our bill came out to $400+ & a tip so if you're planning on going, have some money ready to spend. recommend this to everybody!!
4	Fantastic food. HUGE portions! I Quick Breakdown:Appetizers : Calmari & cold antipasto - good. Stuffed Muschrooms OkPasta: Penna Alla Vodka DAMN GOODChicken, Scaloppine: YUMMOShrimp Scampi: The BestLasgna: way to full to even try itSides: Broccoli; Super good. Desserts: HOLY cow..not sure how i did it, but i tried it all. The Titanic is awesome. BE aware that you need at least 4 people to split this. The Strawberry shortcake was my Fav. Make sure to get reservations since this places fills up fast!
3	I love the food here! Love it. We sat at the bar and got a smaller portion, which was still enormous. Meat sauce and penne, with cesar salad. I felt like the server was intentionally annoyed with us because we were not drinking enough or spending enough for his liking. I found that a little bit rude and icky. For Vegas, it's perfect.
2	Huge portions and an even bigger waste of my time and money. Myself and nine other were looking forward to a family style Italian lunch. Things started off great and then took a nose dive after the salad course. Two pasta dishes and a chicken entree took about 40 minutes to come out. One of the pasta dishes was wrong and had to be redone, took another 30 minutes. We thought we had ordered the chicken saltimbocca  but couldn't find the prosciutto. After asking our server about it he assured us it was there, we just couldn't see it. I'll tell you what, I couldn't taste it either. Carmines ended up being a disappointment. At least there was a decent gelato stand down the way.
2	Went on a Monday for lunch and sat at the bar. Bartender was very nice but sick...manager should have sent her home! Had the meatball here and it was huge but juts warm and not hit and cheese not totally melted. For those prices you just can't give huge portions food needs to be quality too!
4	Cut one star for the huge sizes. Have you seen any reviews without the word huge? Food is so good and if you cannot take leftovers you really feel guilty to leave behind such a good quality and taste, not to mention the waste. We were two people and warned in advance to chose the same meal. Meat balls we still talk about how tasty they were. Salad is also fresh and can feed a table of 6-8 easily. Why not some consideration for smaller portions?
5	We returned to Carmines, this time with a different group of 6. Again they honored their reservation and sat us immediately. We were there on a Thursday night. They have a steak special for around $90. There was probably enough on the plate to have only that for dinner. The steak was absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly (we ordered it to be pink). It came with lots of veggies on the platter - no need to order sides with this. Unfortunately we did not appreciate just how much food would be on the plate. We did not come close to finishing it.This group is generally pretty tough to pleasse. Each person loved the meal.I will be returning to Carmines.
2	My girlfriend and I came to Carmine's in Caesars palace looking for some good Italian pasta. At first we were shocked at the prices, but the server assured us that the portions of food are meant for 3-4 people, which indeed they were. We received a basket of assorted bread as we waited for the spaghetti and meatballs that we ordered, but the bread was unappetizingly cold and rather unsatisfying to the palate. The pasta came out within an acceptable time frame, and the pasta was served to us from the family size platter into individual plates. The pasta was very very salty. Indeed if you enjoy strongly salty pasta this is the restaurant and dish for you. I, however, left with lips slightly puffed from excess sodium absorption. I will be giving our leftover pasta to the first homeless person we meet on the strip. I hope for his sake that he has access to a lot of clean drinking water.Overall, I expected better food from a restaurant that received such high ratings on yelp.
3	Everyone said the portions were huge and for sharing but who knew they were the size of Mac truck.  Unless you live in the local area and can take food home, you really want to go with at least four people.  We ordered a salad that could have easily fed four.  As it was we ate what we could and left the rest.  It was a Ceasar salad and the waiter asked if we wanted anchovies in the salad on the side or not at all which was nice.  For our main course we ordered seafood pasta.  Again we had a choice of what type of pasta we wanted and there were several.  The seafood consisted of clams in the shell, mussels, lobster, and calamari rings.  There was a choice of white or red sauce for the pasta.  We got the white which turned out to be a very light and taste wine, garlic, herb sauce which was wonderful and made good use of the basket of bread we had on the table.  While the price seems high at first glance,, the reality is that when you consider how many people one entree can feed it's not.  Our total bill including my wine was $97 and as I said we could have fed more people.  If you too four people you could get two entrees and everyone would leave full and probably have left overs.  We would have loved to try dessert but alas, we had no room left,
4	Food is amazing! Family style and tasty. Save room for the Titanic---my son wanted to make sure that was added!
4	I was here as part of a bachelor party, so my experience was admittedly a little different than normal. We were seated in a large room at the back of the restaurant so we could be as loud as we wanted without disturbing the rest of the guests.The service was excellent. The manager made sure to put on the UCLA game we had all bet on and though we had only one server taking care of our party of fifteen, she kept the drinks flowing.The courses of Caesar salad, rigatoni and chicken parmigiana were each very solid and delivered in huge portions. Chocolate torta for dinner capped off a great night. Overall, a very satisfying experience.
5	We had our reception here for our wedding.  It was a small affair, only 20ish people, but all of them kept telling me how the food was just awesome. One guy kept saying that he'd never had such great food at a wedding reception.The food and the service were outstanding.  If you are considering an event in Las Vegas, I highly recommend this place.  Tara made me feel comfortable about the arrangements and the waitstaff was superb. I never stressed about things being done well.
5	Attended a very large gathering upstairs. All of the food was very good and the service was constant and attentive.
4	Huge plates of fantastic tasting Italian food!  I love Carmines.
1	Was here last night for a bachelorette party.  We had pre-selected our dinner items but I decided to order a round of drinks for our table of 10-- big mistake as this took over 30 minutes for them bring our drinks out and when they did they only brought 9.  I immediately let our server know and it then took an additional 20 minutes to get the other drink after we had already 30 minutes and for them to not bring enough is unacceptable.  These drinks were to have been for our dinner toast which they now ruined because by the time the last drink was brought over everyone was done eating.  When I complained to both the sever and a manager they told me they would see what they could do but the delay was because they only had 1 bartender.....the manager sent over green shots for our table and proceeded to charge me full price for our 10 cocktails at $14 per drink.  At $140 bucks our drinks should have all come out at the same time and not taken 40 minutes---epic fail and total buzz kill will not return.
4	Great food, and huge portions!  One order feeds more then two people.  Not the cheapest place to eat but worth the money.  Had sausage, meatballs and pasta.  The sausage was the best!
1	Decided to give this place a try....First, let me say the bartenders could use a bit more personality.  With that said, we ordered a chicken cutlet sandwich and was told it was big enough for 2.  Well, yes it was, but was no larger than a large Subway.  the sauce was acidy and very spicy. Not hot spicy, but spicy.  SALTY as well.  The salad that came with it would have been much better with just a simple oil and vinegar dressing with pepper and salt.  The dressing was piled on it, making the lettuce soggy.  I think it was comprised of some sort of soured cream and lemon mixture. and SALT once again.  We each had one glass of wine and the bill was a staggering 46.00 with tip.  I could have gone to Russo's for a much better sandwich, for a lot less. Nope, won't be going back.  Too many other better places here in Vegas, on and off strip.
4	A very good family style Italian restaurant.   Make reservations.  No matter what, you will order too much.  That being said, try at least one salad, the meatballs, and any pasta dish.  We had ravioli and a seafood bonanza with angel hair pasta.  It had lobster, calamari, mussels and clams.  Would definitely come here again.
1	Terrible service from everyone.  Food was bland and average. Waited forever. Not worth the money. Not by half.
5	This was my first experience dining in at Carmine's.  I did try the cheesecake at there DC location but only as carry out. As far as the Vegas location, we received a warm greeting upon entry. We sat at the bar and both bartenders were attentive and engaging. We ordered and the food and drinks were fabulous. The portions are huge for the price. I left very satisfied. I definitely will be returning and recommend to any that haven't been.
5	We just ate here recently and we loved the food.  The service was great.  We would recommend it to anyone going to Las Vegas.
4	I loved the style of the restaurant. It had a New York/ Mob style to it. It was beautiful..... I ordered the shrimp scampi and all the plates are for 2 or more people. ( they are huge portions) I also had a pineapple mojito and it was delicious! Will definitely be back because I want to try some more of their food....which sounded amazing.
5	Kyle did a great job serving! Friendly and recommended the penne a la vodka. Delicious!
5	Great food, huge portion sizes. My group of four shared two plates and could not finish it all. The angel hair with meatballs was absolutely amazing. Our server, Kyle, was great. Ask for him and you are guaranteed a great experience.
5	By far one if the best chicken dishes I have ever had.  The waiter Jeff was extremely good in helping us pick our dish.  This place is simply fantastic.  I don't understand why it is not a 4.5 star on yelp.
5	We had a great time Carl was awesome scenery great and menu also outstanding-enough food for 4 more. A credit to the NY location.
3	Enjoyed our meal at Carmine's. Good for a large group of people.  Portions were very large (one dish feeds 4-6 people) and service was great. Byanka was wonderful. We ordered:Caesar SaladCalamariBolognese Meat SaucePenne Alla VodkaShrimp Fra DiavoloAngel Hair Marinara with MeatballsCannoliCheesecakeThe penne and calamari were the best options. Shrimp Fra Diavolo was my least favorite.Definitely get the cheesecake. The cannoli left something to be desired. It was coated in chocolate and sprinkled with pistachios.Located in the Forum shops in Caesar's.  Average dish price:  $35
4	This is a great place for family style portions.  We ordered the shrimp scampi and were asked if we wanted pasta.  I thought it would come with pasta, but whatever. We opted to get the pasta and were so glad we did.  If we hadn't gotten the pasta, we would have just gotten about 12 big lonely shrimp on a plate.  The food was very good, but the service was pretty slow.  It took about five minutes for our waitress to come to our table to take our drink order.  They have these oversized shot glasses for your water, which I thought was odd but maybe it is to prevent spilling when patrons reach across the table to get more food.  It is a big pricey, but you do get a lot of food, and we were able to take home leftovers and eat on it the next day.  It wasn't as good as the day before, but it was still pretty tasty.
5	Big portions and excellent service by Mike P.  His introduction of items on the menu was very helpful.  He knows his stuff! We will be back again!
4	I'd heard of Carmine's in New York so when they opened a location in the Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace, I really wanted to give them a try. From what I can tell they did a pretty good job of faithfully recreating the look and feel of the New York location. We arrived fairly late into the evening so things were very quiet inside which was actually kind of nice. If you're unaware, Carmine's is a family style restaurant which means the portions are HUGE because it's intended for you to share with others at your table. I ordered their chicken parmesan and my wife decided to go with their basic spaghetti. Both were pretty good! They're a few steps above a chain in terms of quality. With the massive portions and the above average taste I think this equals a solid effort. We'd definitely go back the next time we're out in Vegas.
1	Extremely disappointing. Slow and unprofessional service with a 1/8 filled Resturant. All of the hot dishes came out cold or lukewarm. Very limited liquor choices. Certainly not like their New York Resturants.
3	The food is delicious. The food is served family style, so as long as everyone at the table likes the same food, this place is perfect! We only ordered a pasta, chicken parm, and a side of meatballs and still had plenty to take home.The 3-star rating is because of the service. I'm not joking when I say we had to ask our server for water 7 times and bread 5 times. These servers either need fewer tables per section to provide better service, or they need to hire servers with better memories and multi-tasking abilities.The wait was reasonable for a Thursday night as well, not extremely quick, but not so long that it was annoying. I think we arrived at 6:30 and got sat at 6:45 at the lastest.
3	Came here with a large group to celebrate a birthday and we were seated upstairs. We were seated about 30 minutes after our originally scheduled reservation which was a little bit off-putting, but we were greeted warmly by a waiter as soon as we were seated.We ordered several salads and fried calamari, all of which were tasty. We also ordered several pasta dishes, none of which were that impressive in my opinion, with the exception of the meatballs which were pretty delicious.I tried a couple of their blended drinks and was very underwhelmed and disappointed, especially since this a restaurant located in Vegas.Overall, the portions are big, the prices are high and the food is decent, but nothing to write home about.
5	My husband and I came here for dinner while on a long weekend in Vegas! We shared a seafood pasta (waiter recommended linguini). It was AMAZING! One of the best we've ever had! Service was great and so was the atmosphere! We have also visited the one in NY and this one is comparable. They serve draft IPA which is a huge plus for my husband. Looks like a great place if you go with a large group as well.
1	Absolutely unprofessional and appalling service. Went Saturday night with my boyfriend and 7 of his guy friends for their bachelor party. I arrived late after they ordered, which is no big deal but we didn't get our food for an hour and 15 minutes. RIDICULOUS!!!!!!!! Which, I get ticket times can get out of hand, but come up to the table and apologize at least. We asked our server for the manager, a 30ish year old black man who came to the table and didn't say sorry at all but decided to cast the blame on me because I apparently wanted all the food to come out at once. Excuse me, I wasn't even present when they ordered! And he preceded to embarrass me in front of all these men I just met. Needless to say, I was shocked but I pulled him aside to tell him how patronizing and belittling he made me feel and set him straight that I wasn't even there when they ordered so his lame excuse as to why our food took forever wasn't even accurate and was a bit pathetic to blame the only girl at the table-- sexist. Anyways, he told our table he would take care of some of the bill. We ate the mediocre and cold food and waited for the bill, which the host gave us. We realized nothing was taken off as previously promised. Upset, we asked for the manager again to discuss the matter and the host proceeded to call security on us. So uncalled for and rude. I will NEVER eat there again, and all of us agree that this place is utterly terrible and completely unprofessional. I hope they shut down because there are so many better places to eat in Las Vegas who actually know how to give customer service! Stay away, far away!P.S. All the guys were mad they didn't have alfredo sauce... And they're an Italian restaurant.... Unheard of!
5	If you want a massive meal at a great price with awesome high quality food, come here. ... And ask for the server, Carl. He is the best!!!
4	4 1/2 stars. Don't confuse this location with the Carmine's in Henderson there is no association what so ever. Located in the Forum Shops this family style mega restaurant can feed 800 people on two floors of dinning space!I brought clients for lunch and was so impressed that my upline and I entertained  clients for another business luncheon. We enjoyed stuffed mushrooms, mixed green salad, lasagna, chicken parmesan, and rigatoni with broccoli and sausage. For dessert we tried enjoyed the Italian cheesecake for 4 - wow!. At both luncheons our clients were impressed with the food and we had exceptional service from the two different waiters we experienced.I would definitely recommend Carmine's and arrive hungry!
5	Was having a tough time deciding, but Mike P. steered me towards the Carmine Salad (I'm a vegetarian and wasn't in a pasta mood for some reason) and it was awesome. Always appreciate a server who will take the time to help guests navigate the menu and how it relates to their likes/dislikes. Wish I'd had room for dessert, the strawberry shortcake sounded delish!
4	Carmine's has an awesome atmosphere.  I really enjoy the service that they provide and the unique dining experience it affords.  Before deciding to eat here, understand that you are going to spend at least $35/dish.  All of the dishes are family-style, meaning that the portions are large.  If you're curious what that mean like I was before eating here, you should know that a single item can feed about 3 hungry people.  Also, if you are going as a group of guys, plan on getting 1 entree for 2 people.  If you are going with women, typically a single entree can feed 4 people.  Thus, with a mix of people in your group, plan for 3 people per entree.  The restaurant will tell you otherwise, but you will be hungry if you don't plan accordingly.  All-in-all, the food is quite good.  I would say that the individual dishes at Maggiano's are a little bit better, but the price is a little higher for a group to eat there (since eat dish is about $20 per person or higher).
4	Great food! Hubby and I shared a Caesar salad with shrimp and penne alla vodka. Delicious!  You cannot get penne alla vodka in the LA area, so this brought me back to my days in Little Italy of the Bronx while in college. Food was fresh and good. Best Caesar salad I have ever eaten (you must order it with anchovies!). I recommend eating at the bar. The food is family style. In the restaurant portions feed 4-6, but the bar portions feed 2-3. Bread was good, especially the onion bread! I don't eat pasta often, but this is worth breaking your diet. Big bonus....peroni on draft! We will be back for sure! I'm already craving the Caesar salad!
4	I could see myself eventually giving this place 5 stars. It's overpriced, but if you know me, I don't mind spending extra on stellar food. Please, read on to see why it's only a 4, maybe 4.5 star review. My boyfriend and I went here on a random trip to the Forum Shops due to the closing of one of my favorite stores. I have been lucky enough to dine at the Carmine's in NYC, so I had high expectations. First off, the dishes are huge, and if you are not familiar with Italian food, get ready to do some smart phone googling. There is no explanation of the food on the menu, which is also plastered all over the wall. Classic, homestyle, dishes served in portions enough for 3-4 people. We decided on the chicken scallopini, spaghetti and meatballs, and roasted peppers and mozzarella. We easily had enough food for, four, hungry people. The meatballs were melt in your mouth good, and gave grandma a run for her money. The chicken was beaten super thin and had the most succulent lemon glaze. I would honestly pass on the cheese and peppers again. The mozzarella was indeed fresh, but the peppers needed more. They were just cold and bland. Next time, I will go for the zucchini, I kept drooling watching it be served to others. The only downfall was the service. Little things like not telling us the refills on the lemonade aren't free, or keeping the water full. The lady who was our server was clearly still in training, but I won't lie, I don't think shell make the cut. She seemed confused on why two people ordered 3 dishes. I hate when people question how much we order. It happens too often, maybe we just eat too much. On that note, I will give this place another shot, when I have about 4-6 others with me. Any takers?
3	Food was good! Huge portions-definitely for sharing! Service was attentive! Reasonable prices! This restaurant is worth a try....
3	I used to love Carmine's in NYC.  As a college student, and an Italian, it was a treat eating at Carmine's in the City.  The portions were HUGE and the food was delicious.  However, going to Carmine's in Las Vegas was not the Carmine's I remember.  We ordered a few appetizers.  The stuffed mushrooms were probably 4 stars, while the mozzarella and tomatoes were at 3.For entrees we ordered Penne alla Vodka (4 stars), Angel Hair and shrimp (2 stars), and Chicken Parm (3 stars).  The Penne was al dente and the sauce was good.  That is the only dish I would recommended. I love all parm dishes (chicken parm, veal parm, eggplant parm).  However, this one was OK. The chicken was tender, but the cheese was not melted throughout the piece of chicken.  While the edges were nicely melted, the center of the pieces still had unmelted cheese. With so many restaurants in Vegas, I don't know if I'll be back to Carmine's.  For italian food, there are def better choices.
4	Good flavors, huge portions, had family of 6 and could not do 3 dishes.  Decent value, mixed seafood pasta $50 that had tons of fresh seafood including a whole lobster.  Kids killed the lobster, dad gets squid.  Kitchen a little slow to get plates out.  Server was busy flirting with hostess but kids liked him so I could not deny decent tip.
1	I've been to Carmine's with a large group and was pretty excited about the whole family style thing they had going on. I was so disappointed with it. The food was far from good and the restaurant was overpriced for what it was. I was served overly salty plates, burnt broccolis and overcooked pastas. The price made it that much worst, as I had much better food for a lot less on that trip (come on... It's Vegas! There is good food in that city). My one star goes to the service, that was pretty decent.If you are looking for good food in Vegas, skip on that one.
5	Stumbled upon this gem while walking around wasting time for our table to be ready at cheesecake factory. My friend and I decided to give it a try and boy was it worth it! Our server Carmin was fabulous and executed the sequence of service to the T! We ordered the baked clams to start and they had to be on some type of HGH because they were huge! top 5 clams I have ever ate! We finished off with the chicken cutlet and pasta. Tasted like grandmas authentic italian cooking. We were table touched by a Gentleman name Jessy. Very friendly and professional. Amazing staff and very very accommodating. We loved it so much we came back the next day and ordered the mixed seafood over linguini. To die for. Our server for that day as angelo. All in all amazing service and since I don't live in vegas I will return to the one in NYC!
4	I went here with a group of six and everyone was pretty bombed after a fun afternoon on the strip.  Dinner suggestions popped up, but options got slimmer when a companion meeting us was sporting a Randy "Macho Man" Savage t-shirt.  Giada was undoubtedly out of the question.  Carmine's welcomed us with open arms.  My jaw dropped as the hostess walked us to our table.  I gawked and commented out loud to no one in particular on the enormous portions at other tables.  Yeah, it's family style, but who's family??  The Brady Brunch with Alice?  Joey Chestnut's family???  The Klumps????  Monstrous plates of pasta were everywhere!!The spicy wings were a fantastic appetizer.  $32 got us 24 wings, sliced fennel as opposed to celery, and their homemade bleu cheese dip.  Carmine's isn't a typical place to order wings, but these were some of the best I've had in recent memory.  The tomato based sauce had nice spicy kick and went so well with the thick dip.  The fennel grew on me bite after bite as it kind of worked as a palette cleanser.     Then all the main entrees came out.  Good god!!  The chicken parmigiana had ton of cheese on top and managed not to be dry despite being hammered super thin.  Ragu with meatballs was suggested by our server and he didn't steer us wrong.  I overheard someone else say the meatballs were "tender as fuck".  I agreed.  The main event was the "Four Pasta Special" which is only available Sundays.  If you have a chance to check out my picture, just look at how small the server's hand/wrist looks compared to the dish.  It looks like a child brought this dish over!  We barely made a dent in it.  I enjoyed lasagna and gnocchi the most.My wife and I could never eat here by ourselves unless I cleared my car trunk out to make room for the leftovers.  The ones I did have on this particular evening came in a large aluminum buffet pan (no joke) and weighed at least 5 pounds.  If a full on Italian pig out is what you're looking for, look no further.
5	This place is delicious...huge portions but Wow!!! So worth it.  The lasagna was to die for. Totally recommend Carmine's.  Bread basket is great too!!!!
5	Wow! Had an amazing dinner here last night. Server, Jeff, recommended the Lobster Fra Dialvo and it was amazing. 4 pounds of lobster and shrimp, clams, as well as mussels served over a huge portion of pasta for less than $130. It must be able to feed 5 people! Great dish for a great price. Service was attentive and not rushed; an all-around great experience. We will come back again soon.
5	Came here for my son's birthday. Party of 7  with 4 of them being 20something guys.  This is a great place for big groups.  The guys loved it and ate and are and are!We started with the Caesar's salad, which was perfectly dressed and super fresh.  We also had the antipasto which my hubby and I lived but the guys thought a little exotic.  (They are burgers and fries kind of guys).We had veal scalllopini, spaghetti with sausage and meatballs and lasagna.  A hearty carb fest for all! Nom nom! All were delish!We finished with the amazing Italian Cheesecake.  Super light and fluffy! Definitely a do again place! Yummy!
3	Caesar salad was great. Everything else was ok. Wait staff is excellent. Disappointed in the food. Rigatoni ala vodka was bland. Chicken parm was very salty.
2	Food is good, a bit salty, prices are satisfactory.  Our waiter seemed confused and rude.  I ordered a Mai Tai and was served pineapple juice 80% and rum 20%.  When I explained that Mai Tais have dark rum on top and red in them, I was received with a lost look.  My drink was returned to me with a splash of dark rum, and no effort was made to redo this cocktail.  New York Carmines is much better, better service and significantly better bar tenders and waiters.  2 stars
5	As I've written before it's The BEST NY Italian food in Las Vegas.Food is Family Style so portions are large...the Chicken Parm can feed 4-5...No one leaves hungry!Staff is wonderful, usually need reservations & is a bit noisy so if you want a business dinner or romantic dinner it may not be right spot.Overall we can't wait to come again!
4	Carmine's in the Caesar's Palace Forum Shoppes is a terrific evening for you and friends, couples and such.  It epitomizes Italian cuisine served in family portions.  The ambiance is unique, friendly, kinda sexy/cozy and well worth a night of dining.    While with 7 other friends we went without a reservation on a Friday night (8:00PM) and were seated in under 10 minutes.   Drinks came quickly after a great server gave us a rundown of specials, one of which we ordered (read on).    Ours was a semi-business dinner so as drinks were being served we were going around the table in discussion.  Soon after I was provided a second drink service by the manager with the server saying, "Our manager didn't believe you were having a good time by the non-passionate look on your face.  Enjoy."  Now readers, when was the last time that ever happened to you in a nice restaurant.  Carmine's went way up the charts for me on that one.     We dined on a special which was breaded chicken filets covered in provolone cheese coupled with pasta.  Another entree was lasagna.  The third was a fettucini in a white veggie-based sauce.  Each meal was delicious, huge portions that would easily feed 3 - 4 people dining.  And the total bill was manageable for 8 guys.     I highly recommend anyone in Vegas pay a visit to Carmine's - big time good food and fun times.
1	Ehh. We went into Carmines after walking by it on our way to Trevi in the forum shops (which to start off, I would advise you to go there instead). Seeing that it was family style, we were excited. So we decide to give it a try and our experience was not very good.They start out by giving you one menu for the table and some cold bread. I wouldn't complain about cold bread, however this bread had some sort of marinara sauce on it, so it was cold crust sauce on cold bread. They also gave out odd pretzel like sticks as well. We look at the pasta dishes and decide to get the "Ragu", the most expensive thing on the menu. Meatballs, sausage, and pork. Sounds good! We get the dish and it gets served out...and it was just gross. WAY too much sauce, which is WAY too acidy. Trust me, I have been going to italian places since the 70's when I lived in New York. This sauce was horrible. Maybe the can they used was bad? The meatballs were just that...basic balls of meat. And the sausage was just one long sausage...not even sliced or cooked well. The pork was also weird...just salty skins of pork randomly placed in this garbage pile.Needless to say after the 4 of us decided we were eating sh*t, we told the waitress and she immediately took our plates and the pasta away. 10 minutes later she hands us the bill, which is for the entire plate of pasta we didn't eat. What?? We ask the manager and she takes the bill in a huff....and returns with the bill with the drinks for about $12. The waitresses advice? Try not to order pasta if you don't want to eat something acidy. We left a $20 and left and went to Trevi for a real dinner. I'm guessing this place only survives because it is in a tourist trap and most tourists aren't looking for quality food.
5	Loved this place. Great food in big portions for fair price. Due to high lease charged by Caesars Forum Shops, it's unusual to get a fair deal there. But when I left I felt I got a great deal.The big boost in my great experience was the outstanding guest service we had. Not only from bartender/waiter that served us, but also from the operations manager that checked on us throughout and incited fun conversation. Then when throw on the best music played anywhere with lots of Sinatra, Dean Martin, Frankie Valli, Keely Smith and an occasional Motown hit. I love the DJ.I also love the wide array of photos on the wall. I wish there was a directory. But I did recognize many of them.Total home run!
2	The food here was definitely plentiful, but I thought it was only 'decent.'  Almost everything I tried lacked seasoning.  It's a very pretty restaurant, with traditional Italian (or New York Italian?) style.  Both levels are open to the bustling mall, which as great.  The staff was very friendly, but service was slow and disjointed.
1	I am a Vegas local and brought my family here tonight to enjoy a restaurant that can cater to such a large group. From the beginning the service wasn't good. The two hostesses greeted us, took our names, & was informed that we had reservations (@ 7:28 pm). After giving our names she gestured for us to wait & told us our reservation wasn't till 7:30 pm & that's when we would be seated. At 7:35 after making eye contact with a member of my party she quickly stopped the "important" conversation she was having with her co-worker to let us know we can be seated. Then the server, (I am really hoping she was just having a bad day), quickly greeted us and rushed us through our drink order. That's what our whole experience was...it felt like it was a hassle for us to be served. Our table consisted of 11 people, 4 being adults and the rest all children under the age of 10. So from the beginning she already had the "oh great" mentality. Thankfully our children were very obedient tonight (from what the surrounding tables told us) so she didn't have to do much. But still managed to make us scared to ask for a refill! But what really killed it for me was being sat near the kitchen and having the doors be see-thru. A man (who I found out was Andy, the manager), reached into a plate of what looked like fried calamari, and took one which he tried to toss it into his mouth, missed, and had it drop... onto the floor!!! He then picked it up and put it back on the plate! I gasped and looked to my husband, he witnessed it as well. I brought it to the other adults attention and they looked on as he took another piece and placed it his mouth right before the server brought it out. After losing our appetites we quickly had our dishes boxed and handed over our money to quickly get out of there. And if you are wondering, yes I still did tip a minimum of 20%When leaving I went up to the three hostesses (1 male, 2 females) asked the managers name & begin to walk away when the girl in my party called me back. I noticed the hostesses looking at me. They asked me why I asked who he was, after telling them what we saw, they responded in unison," okayyyyy!!!So what do you want?" I turned and left. And that is how my horrible dinner at Carmine's was. So, if you want an over priced, very salty, lack of professionalism, possible dinner off the floor experience Carmine's the place to go.
5	Had a great time with our group... NCA... National Concierge Association... Lunch was wonderful... Ambience was clean, colorful and service was excellent...
5	Second time here and I absolutely love this place. Family style restaurant with large portions to prove it. I swear one plate feeds two or three and we know how to eat... start off with some amazing bread a little bottle of wine and topped it off with some veil and lasagne!  Carl was super nice and suggested our  salad which was delicious! I will definitely come again! 0
5	This has to be one of the best Italian restaurants that I have been to. The portions are out of control. Every thing is family style. Our waiter was awesome. Make sure you bring at least 6 people with you. We had a table for four and ordered a salad, the 40 ounce prime rib, chicken Marsala, and two meat balls. And we have another whole severing for 4.
2	Came here with a group of 5 near closing time. They were happy to take us but I could tell they weren't ecstatic. My friends are also crazy and decided to order a lot of food. We started out with calamari and stuffed mushrooms for an appetizer. Then, ordered the lobster, steak, and a pasta dish. My friend intended to order a second pasta dish but the server recommended us not to. My friend has been here before so he was aware that he was ordering a lot. He wanted variety, not necessarily quantity. A few minutes after she took our order, she came back out with her manager and she told us that what we ordered was ridiculous and warned us against it. It was nice that they did that but kind of annoying too. We already got warned the first time. Anyways, the food was great. Lobsters were huge and the steak was cooked perfectly. The only thing that annoyed me about eating the lobster was that it was so messy. I was wearing a white dress and got red sauce splattered all over myself. Do not wear white. We also weren't given lobster shell breaking utensils. They brought it out but left it sitting at the table next to us. We didn't realize until halfway through our meal. Oh well. Needless to say, we had a crazy amount of food and ended up taking home boxes of food that fed my family for the next few days. I definitely would not have changed it though. It was a lot of food but each dish was huge. I'd rather have variety cause I know I definitely would have gotten tired of eating the same thing the entire meal.
5	LOVED THIS PLACE! Our waitress was great! The food was so awesome! We only dropped in because of the smell. The plates are HUGE! One plate is enough for a family of four-five. Would absolutely recommend
4	Nice Italian atmosphere, delicious meal and large portions..   Bring the troops, with their appetite.
4	Really good place. Food is large portions. I really enjoyed the atmosphere! I have been here twice and both times the food was very good and consistant.
5	This was a great experience. If you're after pasta this place is highly recommended. Walked passed the place and stopped and went back when we saw the waiter serve one of the tables facing towards us. Nice basket of different bread as an appetizer. Love the one with tomato filling on top. We had the meatballs with angel hair pasta for lunch. It was really good. Perfectly cooked pasta, juicy and tasty meatballs and a really tasty sauce with fresh herbs.Friendly staff, good service, not to pushy.
4	Came to Carmines for a business dinner. We had a large group and the hostess was really great about changing our table as our party size increased. We sat near the back and could watch as the staff brought out the dishes for other diners and man just like the reveiws say - portions are huge! I've been to other family style italian restaurants (bucca or maggianos) and I think Carmines is way better than both of those. We ordered the Carmines salad and anti pasta dishes to start. Then our mains were meatballs with pasta in red sauce, veal parm, and broccoli and sausage rigatoni in white sauce. They were all really tasty- i especially liked the veal parm. For dessert we had the titanic and choc bread pudding. All in all a great meal - had wine flowing and good fun.  I do have to mention they have a waiter there that sings italian opera -- AMAZING.  He was singing happy birthday to a few folks and came over and sang our group a different song. He was super nice and he's really good! Go see him for yourself!!!
4	First timers and will for sure be back. Fantastic service, great for families (kids or not) and casual or dressy. It shouldn't matter if your a local or not but the manager heard we were and he made sure our experience was fantastic. I recommend this place because they did an all around fantastic restaurant experience! I gave four stars just because the special was way too $$$ for what we got.
5	Love Carmine's! It's very very close to the ones in NYC. It's festive with good food and a fun atmosphere!  Check it out!
1	First Timers at Carmins and will Never go back! We had made reservations for a very special occasion with our friends from out of state. The waiter was friendly and took our order and than when the staff came out with the 3 Hot Plates of Large Portions of food. He drop one of the plates on my husband lap burned his lap fucked up his expensive dress shirt and brand new leather shoes and the food was all over his white dress shirt and the floor. We felt embrassed, upset and lost our appeite. Everyone in the restaurant looked at us it was just Awful!! the waiters moved us to another table along with the 2 plates. while we waited for about 17 minutes for the manager to come out with claim papers to fill out and told us that the staff person was a new dad and  that he was sorry but if the man was tired he should of called out sick or he needs to realize these plates are steaming HOT!! and it could be dangerous to them and the customers its been 5 days and we havent heard back from the corporation office yet.  For the price they charge on the food they should at least  the decently to call to see if my husband is ok. We left very upset and he had to go back to the hotel with pasta all over his and clothes & shoes how embrassing!!! it ruined everyone night. I hope they call so we can file the claim and get our reimsburment for my husband clothes. The night was Ruined thanks to Carmins!
5	This was a first visit for all six of us. The portions are huge. We ordered two entries and a salad and had more than enough. The chicken Marsala was terrific. The chicken was ver thin, the mushroom gravy was scrumptious. The spaghetti and meatballs was very moist and tasty. The sauce was very thick and flavorful. Everyone was impressed and enjoyed the meal.
5	We went to Carmine's last night with family that was visiting from NJ. We have frequented a different family style Italian resaurant in Las Vegas  ( a chain) but the FOOD, SERVICE and ATMOSPHERE are far better at Carmines. Our server was Mike B. He was very attentive to our party, Made sure our glasses were never empty, checked on us several times while dining and made some very good suggestions on what to order. The restaurant is clean and attractive. The staff is helpful and attentive. The food is delicious. The prices are very reasonable. I would recommend Carmine's to anyone looking for fantastic Italian fare. Ask for Mike B. He will make your dining experience very pleasurable
5	Outstanding food and serviceMichael Baker's singing is excellentHighly recommend for the family
5	Event planning sucks. Earlier this year I had the brilliant idea to bring my sales team to Vegas as part training, part reward trip for the awesome job they've been doing. Little did I realize the number of things that could go wrong when planning a small event. Most frustrating is that we lost our meeting venue at our hotel.  At the last minute, the hotel event staff sent us a laundry list of restrictions, including no outside food or drinks.   Nothing says "great job team" like shoving them in a windowless room for 10 hours with no food and water.  I frantically turned to any local source I could find, and a friend on Facebook recommended Carmine's. I'm not going to lie, we were a little dubious; images of us sitting in a room with whiteboards surrounded by noisy eaters and screaming children came to mind.  Fortunately that was the furthest from the truth. The atmosphere was perfect. They put us in a quiet room in the back.  Music, air temperature, and lighting were under our complete control.  We used the 40" ++ flat screen monitor for presentations, and the staff was attentive but not intrusive.  The food was incredible. We ordered a constant stream of appetizers, entrees, and desserts throughout the day.  Some were better than others (as you'd expect) but on the whole we were happily surprised and unanimously agreed that the food was delicious.  Note to self: the garlic bread was amazing, and the Titantic is quite unstable if you eat the bottom crust first. In short, they made our event easy, literally attended to our every need, and the food and atmosphere made for a very productive day.  And they saved my bacon by accommodating my last minute request for a meeting space ... or more appropriately my "prosciutto".  ; )
5	My favorite NY restaurant from back home comes to my current city?! Hell yes. I havent had good Italian since moving here 4 years ago, inexpensive, great for groups and you ALWAYS leave with leftovers! Highly recommended for anyone looking for that east coast TASTE thats impossible to find here. (also some really cute hostesses)
4	Four of us went out to eat and it was better than expected. The food is reasonably priced and there was enough for everyone to take leftovers. We had the upgraded steak that comes with the potatoes and sausage. I forget what its called, but its worth the extra $20. We didn't need to order any sides, so we had the calamari and salad as appetizers. This was my first time here and I definitely wouldn't mind going back. The atmosphere was awesome, and they brought out a giant banana split for my wife's birthday. Definitely worth checking out. My only complaint is that I hate having to valet, but that's a personal pet peeve of mine and nothing to do with them. Other than that I enjoyed.
1	Booked a table for 1 through Opentable. When I got there, I was told they would seat me at the bar because the tables were reserved for family style dinner and the portions are designed for sharing food. Ridiculous argument. If I book a table through Opentable, I expect a table, not a barstool.
4	I, for one, am a huge fan of Italian food. More often than not, I will find that I like the food that I am having. Carmine's, however, is much more than just a good tasting pasta. The decor of the restaurant make it feels as if you are in a genuine Italian restaurant. It almost makes you feel at home. The food is truly stupendous. I find that I enjoy their spaghetti much more than I like my family's own. Although they have great food, they also have great prices. If you are eating with someone else, it would be in your best interest to split an entree with them. The portions at this place are huge, they almost look like party platters. Realistically, it isn't so expensive the cost is split amongst two people, but you can only get one thing. If you get two, you will find that there is an exuberant amount of leftovers, almost an overwhelming amount and the bill will be pricy as well. If you and your date can agree upon one thing, I would recommend this place, but if you wish to order different things, this might not be the place for you.
5	Just like the one in NYC!!!  Wife & I were thrilled to come across it and they once again did not dissappoint. We sat at the bar and Jimmy took excellent care of us.  Had food for a midnight snack and breakfast the next day!  Portion sizes are gigantic! Beware of that.
1	The food at Carmine's was amazing. But unfortunately I will NEVER return. The manor of which I watched the manager walk around like a dictator commanding his staff in a bullying manor was such a buzzkill. Our server was very sweet but I couldn't help but feel bad for ANY of the staff who has to work under such regime.  I jokingly asked our server if he was nice and they just smiled scared maybe??? Hopefully this dickwad will be nice and learn how to treat his staff.
4	First time ive been there and it was crazy good. Will definitely go back and enjoy the great food
5	We had the greatest time, food was over the top. The portions were huge and the presentation was fantastic. The service was the best I have ever had. I would recommend Carmine's to anyone. Also for 2 people to eat and have wine it was only $65
3	Maybe this is a step up over Buca deBeppo but it's not up to the Olive Garden par.  Service was lacking for dinner on a Saturday night.  We were served bread with no fat.  Had to ask for evoo and vinegar (or butter).  The stuffed artichoke was stuffed with bread crumbs and Parmesan.  I hate bread crumbs!!  UGH   The lasagna was ok, but no veggies...just cheese and noodles.  No whole grain pastas available.  Very frustrating.  We won't be back.  They changed servers on us in mid-stream.  Too pricey.  Seemed like a sports bar setup.
5	Family style dining.Great for large groups (5+) to share the large plates and to allow for variety.  The large plates are definitely for family style.  Spaghetti and meatballs were fabulous!  Kind of noisy because of bachelor's party upstairs, but they sounded like a fun time up there. :)
5	Carmines was great and much better than I had anticipated!! I had first looked at the menu and pictures online and thought, "it will be OK". But, I am now a Carmines lover!! The Chicken Marsala and Shrimp Parmigiana were amazing. I am also a huge fan of bread and the focaccia bread was perfect (and I really appreciated the variety of bread in the basket, I think there were 5 or 6 different kinds. The portions are HUGE, especially for two people, so we had enough for lunch the next day. This place is perfect for groups. My fiancee and loved it so much that we are going to have our rehearsal dinner there next year.
3	All of the reviews are true:1) Enormous portions2) Old-world Italian/NYC decor3) High pricesNow, this doesn't mean that it was a bad experience. To the contrary, it was pretty good.. A-OK, if you will. My mom and I visited Carmine's for our pre-marathon carb-loading meal. We walked right in at about 4:30 without a reservation. We were seated at a small table, with little room between us and diners on either side of us. Even the waiters had a hard time getting between them. Now, this could be seen as a positive thing, because we got to know our fellow patrons over the course of our meal, but if we'd had something private to discuss... well...Anyway, onto the food! The food was served "family style" in a large party platter. One entree is easily enough for 2-4 people, depending on the size of their appetites. We ordered the shrimp with angel hair pasta ($37), with the "white" sauce. Be forewarned, the white sauce is not a cream based sauce, it is an oil/wine/garlic sauce (and they don't skimp on the garlic). There were a decent amount of shrimp in it. The taste...just okay. Nothing extra special. In all honesty, I think I prefer Maggianos as far as flavor goes. Nothing to complain about, however.The waiter was obviously disappointed that he couldn't up-sell us on drinks or dessert, but he was pleasant overall. If you happen to be in the Forum Shops and a group of you are super hungry, sure stop by.. But there's better (and less expensive) Italian food to be had in Las Vegas!
5	Great real Italian family style food Yew York style. Excellent service! I'm a bread pudding hater, but they have the best bread pudding I have every had. A must order. I think excellent services makes up 50 % of the nice experience.
4	We had a wonderful time at Carmine's in Las Vegas. We were in town for the Rock N Roll Las Vegas Marathon and this was our pre-race carb-loading meal. We were a party of 8 and were seated and attended to very quickly. The food was amazing and even though we ordered only 3 dishes, with 8 of us, there were leftovers! However, we did find room for dessert. The Titanic requires some skill to plate, but is worth every bite. Service was wonderful, the cocktails were well made, dinner was delicious and dessert was divine! We will be returning!
4	Came here with my husband..We were tired of all the walking in the Caesars palace and went in hoping to find good food.We ordered chicken scalopine with lemon n butter.After a small wait we were served a yummylicious looking whole chicken.The portion of food is huge with enough for leftovers,tastes great.Waiters are polite .It was a really good experience and worth the money.
5	This was a first visit for all six of us. The portions are huge. We ordered two entries and a salad and had more than enough. The chicken Marsala was terrific. The chicken was very thin, the mushroom gravy was scrumptious. The spaghetti and meatballs was very moist and tasty. The sauce was very thick and flavorful. The anti pasta green salad was yummy, with a delicious dressing. Everyone was impressed and enjoyed the meal.
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch. Family style spaghetti and meatballs was great. I splurged and had a cocktail - Sinatra Tea - which was wonderful and incredibly strong. Unfortunately I did not realize this until I tried to walk through the mall.
4	We went to Carmine's on a recommendation from a friend and are so glad we did. There was just two of us, so I am so glad we went with only one dish- easily big enough to feed 4. We got the rigatoni with broccoli and sausage and while I prefer the dish at Buca di Beppos, this was still really good. We also got the blood orange marg and the white sangria, both of which were fantastic, albeit pricey. Keep in mind their dishes feed 3-4 people when ordering.
5	Loved the old world Italian atmosphere! A bit loud but reminds you of a normal big family gathering. Excellent food and service was top notch. Enjoyed waiter who sang a few Italian songs and did it well. Will definitely come again.
5	Another drop at the bar to enjoy a cocktail and quick bite prior to a show.  Jesse was the Manager on Duty who greeted us.  Again I had to dive into the meatballs that are Out of This World!  So tender and juicy, can't have enough!
4	Great place for a large group. Excellent food and they are used to large groups. Fast service. Took care of the kids. Will defiantly be back!!
1	Came here for dinner last night with my family for my husbands birthday . Usually service is great and I leave impressed . Unfortunately a football game was on while we were dining. So we didn't get the usual attention . Our order was wrong and while we asked for food to be packed our servers response was " that doesn't travel well" well we are actually local so we have a fridge at home . The icing on the cake was when the server asked if we wanted dessert . We said no thank you to which he responded with " we have a birthday dessert for you " with that being said who turns down free dessert . $329 later that dessert was $30 . Which I probably would have not gotten being my husband prefers the strawberry shortcake . Lesson learned Carmine's , to not come in with football is playing because then your employees would have to work . Thanks to our server for making sure we would probably go to Rao's spend the extra money but it would be worth it .
5	Wow! This is THE place for groups! Hands down! Need somewhere to go with 15 people in a pinch... Here is the place. It is just absolutely enormous, and beautiful to boot. We were given a private tour of the place and I couldn't believe all the rooms that this place had! We were here last night so it was also nice to see some of the beautiful Holiday  decorations that were up. Since it was only the two of us the manager (Jesse) recommended a sampler platter. I forget the name but it had everything, and it was more than enough. (This place is used to catering to larger groups, and family style dinners, it can get quite hard to order for just two people, recommend splitting everything.) The favorite on this dish were the baked calms, absolutely amazing! The least favorite of mine was the cheese ravioli, I thought it was just a bit over cooked. Other items in this dish is sausage and peppers, fried polenta (soo delicious and unique!), mussels, eggplant, stuffed mushrooms and calzones. We also ordered a couple of medium carafes of wine which was perfect.The manager (Jesse) guided us through the entire menu including our wine selections and everything turned out more than amazing! It was so nice to see a manger take pride in his work, not to mention his striking well groomed appearance! We will definitely be returning.
5	We had a very pleasant lunch at this place. For a group of four, we ordered a plate of stuffed mushrooms and a lasagna. The portions are family style and humongous!  Everything was delicious. Between their yummy bread of three or four kinds, the one appetizer, and one entree, we were very full. Most of the group had peroni beer. My white sangria was delicious.
4	Great place to take a group- huge portions, everything made fresh. We had the calamari and zucchini fries, huge appetizers. We then ordered the broccoli rigatoni with white sauce- oil and garlic,not cheese. Very satisfying meal, nice refueling after shopping at forum shops. The pasta is almost al dente, just cooked enough.
5	True family style eating.  The portions of food are huge!  Normally I can eat everything in sight but  on this trip I got a lot of stuff to go.  We were invited to eat from the awesome hostess that works there.  She warned us to come hungry and not to eat anything all day.  We started off with the fried calamari which is probably the best calamari in Las Vegas.  I'm willing to defeat anybody in arm wrestling over that statement.  This calamari seems to melt in your mouth like an m&m.  Stuffed mushrooms was pretty good as well.  The next portion was a big ol' plate of ragu with spaghetti.  It had meatball and italian sausage links and pork butt.  The pork butt was outstanding.  The italian sausage kinda gave me heart bun later that night but that was ok.  The next dish was Chicken marsala.  Two words.......The Bomb.  One more word...Delicious!  Desert was strawberry shortcake and bread pudding.  The portion side of this dish was titanic.  I wasn't able to sink it though.  If I ever decide to go back I'tt definitely have to be with a crew or a small gang.
4	Two parts to this review.  I originally visited the New York location and thought the food was absolutely amazing.  So good in fact, we went back twice.  I went to Las Vegas for my 30th birthday with my girl and we made a reservation.  We got there on time for our reservation and they turned us away telling us that the kitchen was closed.  I ended up eating at a place called DJs Tacos (you should stop by there if you haven't).We went back though, told the manager what happened and he was great about making it up to us.  Free wine, free birthday cheesecake, and of course the food was delicious.  Definitely will go back when I'm in Vegas again.
4	Huge portions, family style dining. Caesars salad and the muscles were great. Also had the chicken Parmesan and the bolognese which was a bit watery.
3	Came here for lunch. We had a calamari and spaghetti and meatballs. The portions are Huge! More than enough for 4 people. Calamari was pretty good, S&M was ok only.  What made our dinning experience stink was Abigale, our server, she took our order and we didn't see her again until after our meal. We have to get the bread and water refills from other servers.
5	I really loved this place and I am recommending it to everyone I know that is going to Vegas!!!! The restaurant is in the "mall" at Cesar's and it is actually pretty large restaurant! They have a full bar and the drinks are yummy! Very heavy handed bartenders!!!!  the menus are on the walls which is a little different but easy to see from where we sitting. I went with a party of 12 and I made the reservations through yelp which was super easy and awesome!!! When we checked in the table was ready and were seated within 2 minutes of arrival!! The hosts greeted us promptly and checked to make sure our table was set then we were off! The food is served family style so very large portions and if you add pasta to a main dish like the chicken Parmesan it's an extra 12 something but it will feed about 3.5/4 people!! See my pictures we added the angel hair pasta to our chicken Marsala and we did not finish it! We also ordered the stuffed salmon which was the best salmon I have ever had!!!!!! It was pretty pricey but well worth it! Chicken Parmesan was super cheesy and cooked so well! The lasagna was really meaty and had an excellent amount of cheese! Another item I was impressed with was the shrimp scampi!!! The pictures do not do it justice!! The shrimps are almost the size of prawns. I did add a little lemon to the pasta (which we also added on the angel hair pasta) We also has one dish I was not super impressed with but I did not order it and would never have ordered it was a broccoli and pasta dish with a white wine sauce it was pretty bland and nothing too great about it. But everything else was amazing!!!! I can't wait to go back to Vegas just to eat here!!!
4	This place is great.  Super super huge portions, like bring your whole family size portions.  It's really good for doggy bags too!  Loved the calamari app, and it was almost too much for me!  Almost didn't order a meal but totally couldn't resist.  I got the chicken Marsala, and omg, sooo good!  Totally recommend this place.
