5	I love this place! I always get a good prescription, and they have really great frames! I always enjoy getting fitted for frames by Corina who is a lovely person. She gives great advice that you can trust if you are choosing between a few pairs. I always recommend Optical Expressions to my friends. Their frames and selection are great, and I always find something that's perfect for me here. People often compliment my glasses.
5	I highly totally recommend this place. The doc, a tall short hair gentleman, was professional and courteous. You could tell this was not his first rodeo, he knew what he was doing. The staff was nice and was able to get me in within a few days. I was in and out in less than 45 minutes. The Dr I saw told me "if you were my brother, I'd tell you that you don't need glasses, don't waste your money!" I was shocked. I was told 10 years ago that I do need glasses and had purchased a pair. This guy could have totally lied to me and taken my money, my insurance would have even paid for it, and he didn't! Hard to find honest people these days. I'll definitely be back if I ever need anything with my eyes again.I couldn't be happier with this place. It's easy for a Dr in this field to make their money off people, telling them they "need" glasses etc. I don't know anything about eyes or prescription glasses.
5	These guys are beyond awesome. I was in Scottsdale/Phoenix from Mpls for the Rock and Roll 1/2. I ripped my contact and had no spare lenses. Upon contacting Optical Expressions they said to just fax my scrip and theyd help. Help they did and at NO COST. Plus they validated my parking. Service like this is sometimes lost in the 21 century, but not at Optical Expressions. Thank you.
1	After recently moving to Phoenix, I decided to go to this place simply to renew my yearly contact prescription so I could get new contacts for this year.Beware that this place charges you a $95 fitting fee, which is SEPARATE AND ON TOP of the normal examination fee.  They will NOT tell you this in advance of your appointment.  Nor was I told this by the technician or doctor.  In fact, no one mentioned this to me until AFTER my appointment was already done and I was sent to the front to pay.  While I exam was covered under my insurance, this "fitting fee" ate up over 2/3 of my insurance allowance for contacts the year.  I'm sorry but to charge $95 to for a "fitting fee" to basically have the doctor tell me that my current contacts fit perfectly?  I've been wearing contacts for about 18 years, have had many different insurance plans and gone to many optometrists, and have never experience this level of exorbitant price gauging.  I would warn anyone to be careful about this place.  I was also told that they do not have prices for their frames and you will have to pick out everything (frames, lens, etc.) before they will give you a price.  Undoubtly to make you fall for a pair of glasses and then be told they cost $600 or something.  I for one will not be a patron of a place that keeps so much hidden from their customers ever again.  Even if you have money to throw away, I suggest you throw it away elsewhere.
