4	Pancho rocks! Love his new joint. All you can eat is great and as fresh as ever. The fish salad was very yummy. Nothing was wilted, there was great attentive service and we were tucked around the corner out of their view. Pancho has come up with some nice tasty new rolls but we were all disappointed in that he changed his vegas roll. At sushi hama Pancho would make his vegas roll with sesame seed on the outside, now it has the same batter as everyone else. There were still flying towels and crazy disco lights for birthdays.Mido is a great place to go to.
3	I love going to Performance Bike to visit Sam, who always seems to be able to find me great deals.  Well today after completing my purchases, I left the store, and noticed this Japanese music playing over the outdoor sound system.  Sam had reminded me of a sushi restaurant a few doors down, and I decided to give it a shot (since I need a few more reviews before achieving # 100).I plopped down at the sushi bar, and scribbled a mark next to 'spicy tuna roll' and 'asparagus roll'.  I was immediately handed a salad topped with crunchy tempura batter.  Noticing some kind of potential shellfish in the salad, I inquired as to the identity of the mystery ingredient.  The sushi chef replied that it was red snapper.  Having been given the 'green light' to consume the dish, my taste buds exploded with flavor.  The dressing was creamy and spicy, a pleasant surprise.I was also brought a smaller 2nd salad (which contained imitation crab meat), a bowl of miso soup, and a small offering of cold edamame.  The sushi was just OK, but the abundance of free appetizers made this sushi order seem more like a bento box.
3	Sushi was OK. But the place worked out well for a large group and... well... their birthday gig is the best. They dim the main lights, crazy strobe party lights come out of the ceiling and a bizarre Engrish version of the Happy Birthday song starts bumping on the sound system. It was quite surreal, and wacky enough that it makes me want to go here for my birthday.
3	They have an all you can eat sushi special for $19.95.  The sushi was good, but nothing too special.  It was still an enjoyable experience for $20.  The service is OK.  The waiters weren't very friendly and they can be hard to find at times.  I have also been there for lunch.  The lunch prices are very reasonable.  I had the udon which had a good broth and chewy noodles -- just the way I like it.  It did take over half an hour for me to get my food.  They apologized but did not give an explanation.  (This only happened once)  I think it is worth it to try this place out.  Good food at a reasonable price.  I just hope they improve their speed/service.
3	I've had a nasty bug and have been eating lots of soup.  I decided to check with Yelp and see if there are any Japanese places close to the office so that I could have some miso soup for lunch.  This idea led to the following:"Mido Sushi!""Yes, do you have Miso soup?""Hello?""Do you have miso soup?""Mido Sushi!""DO YOU HAVE MISO SOUP?""Soup?  Miso?""Yes.""Hello?""YES!""Mido Sushi!""MISO SOUP!""You come get!""Ok.  Hello?""Click."*from the next office*   "You're having miso soup for lunch?  Sounds good."So the miso soup was inexpensive. I got basically a quart for about $1.75. The broth itself was pretty good but it had minimal tofu and no scallions or other garnish.  Average miso at best but when you have the flu it works well.
5	First off I would like to start off by saying if you are used to "trendy" sushi bars this place is not going to be for you. We have been going to Mido for about two years. The sushi is always good and the prices are fair. They now have half off happy hour twice a day. And all you can eat sushi for 20 bucks. Each meal is served with fresh Miso soup salad and edamame plus Green tea, Red bean, or Mango sorbet to finish your meal complimentary, if you started with that at other sushi bars you would be in 10 dollars deep before you got to your meal. Some of their best rolls are, Mido roll- inside is tempura shrimp, avocado, and cucumber and is topped with spicy tuna tempura flakes and ponzu sauce. Ray roll- Inside Spicy Tuna shrimp tempura and cucumber topped with avocado and ponzu sauce. Over all great value, good food, relaxing atmosphere.
5	Mido Sushi is an excellent experience!  The sushi and sashimi are fresh.  The selection is broad.  The price is reasonable.  Good Happy Hour (5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.).  On a Thursday evening, they were fairly busy and it's easy to understand why.  I will definitely be returning.
5	My wife and I are big sushi fans, and have tried many valley locations. Some good, some bad, very few great. Mido falls in that category. fresh sushi and sashimi, generous portions (the $19.95 All You Can Eat is a CRAZY good value), clean, friendly...just a great combo.Pancho, the main man, is a treat all by himself. I would recommend that you sit at the sushi bar, but I don't want you taking up my seat!!!For the whole package of quality, quantity, atmosphere and price,, you can't beat Mido.
2	So, I say to myself, "half price sushi for lunch? Oh yeah! You betcha!" well, even at half price, it's tough for me to get excited about thus place. There's no real creativity (except for the disco balls during "happy birthday", seriously, uh yes) and it's fairly generic fare. The 2 stars are really for the fact the service was Johnny on the spot for edamame, miso and salad. The main fare though, just plain lacking. You're better off heading a mile or 2 down Ray over to Ra.
4	Went here to meet a good friend. This is one that really should be 3 1/2 stars but they were very nice so I'll add the half.I liked this place alot. They have a good deal as well as I my sushi came with edamame, (sic) miso soup, salad, and green tea ice cream. We ate alot and for 2 of us it came to about $30.I liked that alot.  The chefs and the service were very friendly.  I had a Ray Roll which was alvacado, spicy tuna, and in fact is was some of the best sushi rolls I ever had.So why only 3 1/2 stars?  Well this will sound weak, but I just wasnt in love with the decor. The lighting is too bright and the place looks like it would just be average.  The presentation is also done on fast food trays.  It just seems for sushi that good that the ambience would go along with it.So anyway... Try this place out.  It works very well.
5	This place is the best!! Friendly service, great atmosphere, excellent quality of fish, and a great price of $19.95 which includes miso soup, edamamie, a salad with pieces of crab in it, and your choice of 3 kinds of ice cream.  We eat here about once a week and they know us by name. One way to tell that it is great... mostly all their customers are Korean or Japanese...
5	This family owned Japanese restaurant in northwest Chandler is a hidden gem.  The sushi is consistently good and very reasonable priced.  Included in every meal, without any extra cost, is miso soup, small salad, and steamed edamame.  They have a wide variety of cut rolls and the sashimi is always fresh tasting.  Their staff, especially the sushi chefs, are very friendly.  They also have happy hour specials and an all-you-can-eat option for $20.
4	If you enjoy crack in your tempura sauce, this place is for you. If you also think you can stomach massive amounts of raw fish and other such items involved with sushi, and only have $19.99 in your pocket... well then that's weird that you have exactly $19.99 in your pocket.Actually, I'm usually freaked out by All You Can Eat sushi, like it shouldn't really be a mass quantities-type food. But Mido has made me a changed man. It was better than some sushi places that are not served in mass quantities. And seriously... that tempura sauce. It's pretty... awesomely good/awesome.AND, if it's your birthday, they play you the "Hoppy Bahsday" song and you get party poppers! PAARRTYYY POPPERRRS!!! What more could you possibly ask for?!?!
4	Most sushi places end up with a bill with around $15-30/person depending on how much you order or where you go.  Unless you are going to be planning on eating a second dinner or drinking a lot, usually you need more food afterwards to settle your stomach.Mido sushi has all you can eat $20 sushi.  I have been to places like this, such as Todai.  The significant difference between Mido and Todai is that they ask you what you want to order and it is freshly made.  The all you can eat also comes with a soup, salad, tempura, edamame, hot tea, and ice cream (get the mango, has a few chunks of real mango).  I didn't waste too much space other than the sushi, and that is what I recommend if you want to get a bang for your buck.  I think between the 4 of us, we ordered around 25 rolls of sushi.As much as the sushi was excellent, the service is a hit or miss depending on the mood of the servers.  I think last night was a good night, but I have heard they can be crabs.  I also heard they actually ask you why you don't tip at least 15%.  In my opinion, even though tip is very standardized, I still feel you have to earn your tip.  My standard is 20% for far exceeding service, 15% for great service, and 12% for average service, 10% or sometimes less for poor service.When we entered, they had a disco ball and some music playing for someone's birthday.  They should have had the "Celebration" theme song after the amount of sushi we chowed down!
5	Mido Sushi! Also known as Sushi Hama from Tucson AZ..  I have been their fan since 1999.. I remember taking long drive to Tucson to savor their "spicy scallops hand roll"!  Yumm..  its making my mouth watery!! LOL!    Now, they are here .. $20 all you can eat!!  plus miso soup, salad, tempura, and three choices of ice cream for desert, mango, red bean, and green tea..  I have tried many different sushi places in AZ and Cali.. but I have to say..  Mido sushi is always my #1 choice..   Did I mention all you can eat for $20?? =  )Try it, and you won't be disappointed!!
4	I've been going to Mido Sushi for about 3 years + and the food is consistently good and the prices are unbeatable.  In addition to the $19.99 all-you-can-eat sushi (w/some exceptions) they have great lunch specials and happy hours.I also like the fact that they treat everyone to edamame, miso soup & a house salad.Although the sushi chefs are pretty friendly and personable...on most of my visits, the waitresses have ranged from brisk to downright exasperated (one even rolled her eyes at me because I asked for tempura sauce and she brought me eel sauce and I had to ask again for tempura sauce).Overall, based on food and value, I would recommend this place.
4	Hidden Gem is an understatement. This is a fantastic place to get quality Sushi at very reasonable prices. I lived walking distance from it for a time and I remember the location never being able to stick to a format. Prior to Mido, one restaurant after another fell over time. Mido isn't going away anytime soon from what I see. The amount of food you can get at this place is fantastic. They start you off with a salad, miso soup and some edemame that is cold and unsalted. Edemame served that way wasn't ideal for me in my first visit, but it sure is a welcomed sight now. You get all this stuff before you even decide what you want to drink. They used to give you a 2nd salad that was an amazing serving of spiced tuna over a bed of lettuce, but those days are long gone. The sushi has always been a great combination of the traditional along with Pancho's "special rolls." If you are more in to some of the deep fried rolls (like my brother in law is) this place has you covered. The service has never disappointed and the free Mochi iced cream is a nice touch I see other Sushi places starting to adopt. The overall experience has always been positive going to Mido. Best place for the money hands down. Do it.
5	this place is awesome, i ordered four shrimp rolls and 6 California rolls (i didn't notice the number in parenthesis). lol it was alot and was prepared to pay a hefty bill. i sat at the bar the chef was very friendly and just watching him do his magic with the sushi was awesome. i got my salad and soup and edamame and a hot towel thrown at me by the chef, im guessing for cleaning? is this a custom? it was cool though...the shrimp on my rolls was so tender, possibly the best cooked shrimp i have ever tried. the presentation was ethnic as you expect, the service and food were excellent. guess how much my bill was? for 10 rolls, soup, salad, edamame and2 iced teas? 9 dollars. not bad. will be back.
2	I will agree with the others that it is a cheap sushi option.  But I wasn't impressed.  The sashimi was precut, tasteless and soggy (like it was just defrosted).  Also, I saw that they had pre-made rolls on the back counter.  Come on, how hard is it to make a fresh roll?I would have given them 1 star but we did get free miso and salad and I didn't get sick from the fish.  We got what we paid for.
4	For the price you cant beat this place anywhere. we go to Midos twice a month and absolutely love it. Will continua to go there. Keep up the good work.
5	$19.99 All-You-Can-Eat + Happy Hour = Awesome!Happy Hour is M-S 11:30-2:30 and M-Th 5-7 where a good list of rolls are half off!!Pancho (head sushi chef) is super nice and personable. The food/sushi has been consistently good and of great quality.It's definitely one of the best sushi places with an all-you-can-eat sushi option in the Phoenix area.
2	Okay, what is everyone ordering here because I recently had dinner here with my BF and we both thought it was very mediocre. We tried 4 different types of rolls and the mixed tempura and thought everything was just okay. The best thing was the dragon roll but thats pretty hard to mess up. I usually order a baked roll of some sort when I hit up a sushi joint (ca roll topped with some sort of baked seafood with dynamite sauce) and theirs was really disappointing. They really skimped out on the baked topping. The fish was average, too. I probably wont be back since there are a few other sushi places that I feel do it better.
1	Crappy food.Nosy Korean Woman server.Way too many personal questions.at one point,She asked what my dad's name was @_@;Random, Weird.Can customers have some privacy while they eat plz?Would not go again.
3	Definitely not the most upscale restaurant around, but the food is good & service for us was excellent. I agree with previous review that the head sushi chef is great. We opted for the all you can eat sushi menu. You mark what you want on the menu sheet and they make whatever you want fresh to order.  You eat, then continue to order until you are full.  Sashimi is not included in the ayce price.
5	Mido has become my go to place for sushi.  When we just want a lot of good food, the all you can eat option can't be beat.  Other times, their sashimi and the rolls not included in the special are also outstanding.  The staff is always attentive and quick to bring drink refills or put in orders for more food.  Both the sushi chefs and the servers are friendly and happy to insure everyone enjoys themselves.  Unlike a lot of sushi restaurants, Mido also has an excellent selection of other options on their menus, providing options for those poor souls who don't care for sushi.
4	Been here a couple times now and have to say I really like this place. Not because the fish quality is amazing or the rolls are great but because it goes everything well. Nothing is really outstanding but the price and the rest is just solid For a $20 price you get miso soup, salad, edamame, choice or tempura or gyoza, ice cream and all you can eat sushi. That is a great deal and the sushi list is huge featuring a ton of specialty rolls and nigiri. I have never left this place not feeling like I got more than my moneys worth even on nights where I ate light.As for the food like I said it is solid but not spectacular. The fish isn't bad but isn't out of this world either. It's just good. Unlike some other AYCE places I am not afraid to try things on the menu here and venture out and I am a bit of a fish snob and won't do that unless i feel comfortable with the level of quality at a place. I have found some things I am not a fan of her but nothing i felt was bad quality or stale. I am a big fan of a few of the specialty rolls who's name escapes me but I think it's the mido roll and the ahha roll. Also i like there spicy scallop which I don't like most places.The services is also good here and the place is clean. You really aren't going to go wrong for the price and really worth the try. Only reason I withhold a 5th star is because the fish is just average and at a sushi place that is my key grade. Of the AYCE places around though this one is a solid pick.
5	Best sushi in AZ! Great for a group of friends. $20 all you can eat
5	Good reviews are easy to write. Stop reading this and just go eat there! OK, well I have visited this place for years now and don't go anywhere else if I am in this area. I like the Chef's, they are friendly and quick. They speak pretty good Spanish to me and but I don't dare try to respond in Japanese, ha ha. The value is phenomenal, where can two people get miso soup, salad, beans, tea, ice cream and sushi rolls all for under $20? I've tried the same at Say Sushi in my hometown of Maricopa and can't do it for under $40 or more for two. All you can eat is available but I find that ordering individually is more economical. Great atmosphere for a quick lunch or a large party for dinner. The waitresses are Asian and I find that suitable for the restaurant. Some reviews on here complain about them. I don't have any issue with them they have always treated me nice and done their job well. I will keep coming back.
4	I live about 30 minutes away without traffic and I love going to this place even though other places are closer. Im just going to bullet point it out1. $20, all you can eat, good solid sushi and fish, comes with miso, edema-me, sashimi appetizer included and choice of ice cream desertEDIT: Just found out if you go in solo you do not get the sashimi appetizer. It is only for 2 or more all you can eat guests2. weekday half price menu from 10am-10pm..comes with miso and edema-me ..example: philly roll which they make with carrots is $3.50 for this time3. excellent spacious room with sushi bar4. not just fish..a nice range of non fish products5. hot towels thrown at you from behind sushi bar6. 2 people, weekday night, 8 veggie and fish rolls, $30!In short this is NOT Zen32..it is not Moto, it isnt even SushiQ..BUT it is a very good place with an excellent menu and a fabulous staff. So if you want to try something new and dont have a lot to spend, this is the place.
3	Mido Sushi has a $20 all you can eat Sushi Buffet.   It includes tempura or gyoza, sashimi plate and other appetizers.  The options for the Sushi selection is quite wide.  The first thing that was obvious is that the tempura/gyoza, sashimi offering is quite large.  It's a full plate of tempura with 5 or 6 vegtables and two shrimp.  The gyoza had five pieces.  The sashimi plate had 5 or 6 different fish with 5 or 6 slices each.  However, the taste and quality of the food was just so so.  The tempura was soggy rather than crispy.  The gyoza was oily.  The sashimi plate didn't have a lot of flavor.  I ordered Unagi, Albacore and the Mido roll.  All were ok, but not must haves.  The service was excellent and everyone was friendly.   Although I had left over food, there wasn't a charge.  Great place if you are on a budget and starving, however if you want quality sushi and willing to pay for it, I would look elsewhere.
4	If you want pretty good sushi for a killer deal, this is the place.  Is the fish so fresh that I can still taste the ocean?  No.  But, is it fresh enough for me to crave it and drive 40 minutes (one way) just to go eat it.  Yes.  You can do an all you can eat "man v. food" style sushi deal for $20 (If two or more people at your table order this, you also get a sashami platter for free).  Or you can do a half off happy hour menu that is pretty good.  Plus you get miso soup, salad, edamame and hot towels.  If sushi isn't your thing, they have a great tempura selection and large portions for hot dishes.Great for those who are sushi lovers, and those who just want to stuff themselves silly.  Time to see how much sushi you can really eat.
5	The sushi is great and the prices are unbeatable. Their happy hour is half off of almost all sushi and the happy hour is available almost all of the time. Each guest gets free miso soup, sesame dressing salad, and edamame. You can have some ice cream at the end if you have room left. The service is good and everyone is friendly. I highly recommend the Mido roll and the Fried Jalapeno Yellowtail roll. The Gyoza roll is also delicious.
4	I really love this place.I wont go any where else for sushi, nothing tastes like it.$20 all you can eat sushi, green tea ice cream, miso soup, salad and edamame.It's about 40 miles from my home and I try to go about once a month, if I lived closer, I'd go more often, it's that good.The Owner Pancho is always so friendly and nice.The only reason I gave 4 stars though, is because sometimes when it's busy the waiters/waitress aren't all that friendly and it takes them a while to get to our table, which is understandable, because I know how it is in the food business.But about a year ago they all used to be really nice.Go there on your birthday, and they'll dim the lights, play cute "Happy Birthday" music and let you blow out your candle on wasabi:)
4	I really don't expect much from strip-mall sushi places in the east valley.  They are basically a dime-a-dozen and are generally just blah.  However, this place is the exception.  The first thing I noticed is that the inside is huge for a sushi place.  It is very nice and very well kept.  It doesn't look sticky and gross like some other places.The entire staff is very friendly however our waitress disappeared 1/2 way through our meal which made getting my diet coke refills difficult.  They should really hire some more waitresses because the place gets pretty busy and with only 1 or 2 waitresses working the floor, they tend to get overworked.Our party of 4 ordered a ton of sushi and I was amazed how fast it was put together.  I only saw 2-3 sushi chefs and the place was busy so they must be pretty awesome.They have a great selection of sushi and everything we ordered looked to be very fresh and was delicious.  While we didn't order the always-popular all-you-can-eat sushi special; I do want to try it when I'm feeling gluttonous.  Their all-you-can-eat sushi menu seems pretty robust and has probably 30 different rolls on it.  I mean for $20 you really can't go wrong especially with the quality sushi this place seems to deliver.I hope to return soon.
4	$20 All You Can Eat Sushi!! It's pretty good sushi too and they give you green tea ice cream for dessert too. Yum! We'll be back.
4	Good food, good atmosphere, good staff, and the price was write.  The $20.00 all you can eat sushi was right my alley.  The sake bombs were just what the doctor ordered as well.  Can't go wrong with Mido Sushi!
3	A friend and I have been going to Mido for lunch for about 3yrs now, we've always enjoyed the food.  Decent food / decent prices.  We've always found the fish to be fresh and the rolls to be flavorful.  We both love the dressing and the fact that you get the soup, salad and some edamame to start.  The rolls are pretty standard fare, but they're consistently good.The chefs are very friendly and do a nice job, however the wait service can be a little...confused at times.  We've had 3 different people serving us up front, but then we have to hunt someone down to put in another order or get our check.  Definitely a nice place for lunch, not your S-dale trendy (bleck) kinda place but more of a good neighborhood joint where you get what you'd expect.
4	I walked into a pretty empty place was told to pick a table. I ordered  the all you can deal for $19.95 wait staff very friendly and chefs in the back pretty fun. First round came with the house salad and a plate of edamame and the miso soup. It was all really good I ended up ordering the Mexican Roll, California Top Spicy Scallop Roll, Jose Roll and the Gyoza Roll all really fresh. My only complaint was my water never got refilled the whole time I was there and the wait staff looked confused at times.
2	I don't understand the infatuation with this place. Maybe I ordered the wrong rolls?My boyfriend and I went on a Thursday evening. We both got the all you can eat special ($20/each). The edamame was cold and not salted... I've never seen that. It's free and all, but I'll pass on that if I ever come back. The miso was okay, nothing special, and the salad was lacking. Luke warm, limp lettuce topped with a flavorless ginger dressing. It's only saving grace was the tiny, yet delicious, piece of crab on top. The sushi was mediocre and definitely not something to write home about. The only roll worth mentioning was the Mido Roll, which was rather delicious. I won't be back, even if the prices are temping. Check out Sapporo in North Scottsdale. It's got the best sushi in the valley.
4	Good time. We sat at the sushi bar and were entertained. We brought my 9 year old very picky daughter and she had fun. She has some edamame and a plate of plain noodles. Sticking me for 5 bucks for a small pile of plain noodles I felt was outrageous. Sushi was good and rolls were fantastic. Asked the sushi chef to make his favorite and it was a spicy tuna roll with a sweet sauce that was awesome. We'll come back, but I'll give me daughter a hot dog before we go.
5	Mido Sushi! I can't believe I haven't already written a review about my favorite "discounted and very affordable"sushi place. Where else can you go during happy hour (which is pretty much all day until 7 PM) and get a California roll, unlimited edamame, a sesame salad, iced tea AND a delicious bowl of ice cream for under $10?My "bestie" (hi, Dana) and I like to go for our monthly (sometimes bi-monthly) visit to Mido. We like to sit at the sushi bar and be entertained by "Pancho" and his sidekick. He cracks jokes and speaks Spanish (go figure) to us while we PIG OUT on the "all-you-can-eat" special with all their freebies. $26 bucks (after tip) and we have to roll our overstuffed selves back to the car.Excuse me now while I add this to my reviews list of "Places I like to go with or without friends".
3	I've been to Mido Sushi several times and always had the best of experiences.  Their happy hour is very affordable albeit a bit of a drag that only the Saki is 1/2 off and not any beer.  Nonetheless, the food has always been tasty and an extra treat with the small salad and edamame appetizers that come to each table.  Chance the server is also excellent and a pleasure.  What has drug the star count down from 5 to 3 is my last visit for a Saturday happy hour ended up with me 3 hours later puking on Chandler Blvd at a stop light.  No doubt it was food poisoning that lasted a few hours.  I'm not a big fan of vomiting especially from bad food.  I realize that you take certain risks when eating sushi but in a nutshell............ bad fish just CAN'T HAPPEN!  To reiterate, I've eaten at this establishment many times with no ill affects and loved it but...........eater beware.
5	I don't care what any of you say, this place is the shizzle!  I've been to a LOT of sushi joints in the valley and none of them really have FANTASTIC sushi, merely different price points and presentation, neither of which make these places any more appealing to me.  First off, I tend to favor little hole in the wall joints rather than big fancy pants chains that are trying to be cooler than they really are.  Second, it's the best sushi you can get a a reasonable price.  Third,  if the service is good, that means I WILL be back.  Chance was our server this time, and was so witty and on the ball that it sealed the deal for our return.We actually discovered Mido by mistake and couldn't have had a more fortunate accident!  My group ordered a number of the, um,  strangely named rolls, some of which were pretty damn delicious, others may not have suited my taste but were interesting nonetheless.  The first experience proved to be comical and appealing for reasons beyond the food;  the Ha Ha (HOT) roll being "a little warm" as an understatement, the sudden fear that the place may turn into a karaoke bar later in the night, and the look of pure raging hatred on the face of a hip Japanese teen when his birthday ice cream was brought to him with a candle and a song.   Fortunately no one ended up a burn victim,  nor is Mido a were-karaoke bar and the kid was not successful in his efforts to use his mind powers to induce cranial explosions in both his mother and father.Since then, we tend to go there at least once a week (or more) and make it a point to go there anytime someone is celebrating a birthday!  Keep in mind that I live in central Phoenix and drive all the way to Chandler to go munch at this joint.  Since Zen32 closed, there isn't anywhere closer that I enjoy nearly as much.Can't beat the price for all you can eat sushi, either.  Not even crappy sushi buffets can touch the $20 deal, which includes appetizers, dessert and a plate of sashimi that would run $40 anywhere else.The three sushi chefs are unique on their own.  Pancho heads up the pack with a friendly attitude and good humor.  Definitely makes you feel welcome and can entertain you in a great deal of different languages.  On a final note, If it's your birthday, be sure to opt in for the free ice cream and let them know it's your birthday!
1	yuck. had to send a piece of sushi back because of a bug and should've known then to stop eating. tummy didn't feel so good the rest of the night.
5	Years later and this is still my favorite sushi place. The hubby and I just had another fantastic dinner here last night and so I thought it was time to write an update. My favorite fried rolls are the Las Vegas which has a ton of flavor and comes with a yummy sweet sauce drizzled on top and the calamari roll which actually is not fried but the squid inside is. This one tastes really great if you add a little dollop of sirracha hot sauce to it. I usually try to limit us to either one or the other so that we don't get too much fried in one meal so last night we went with the calamari and also our other usual maki. The one with the three different kinds of fish (Tuna, Salmon, Yellowtail) is delicious. You get so much fish and it is always such good quality and so fresh tasting! I also love the Tucson roll and last night we added cream cheese to it just to make things a little more interesting. It was perfect! I am a huge shrimp fanatic so this one is just really tasty. I also like to order the cucumber roll. My husband does not eat cucumber so I have to consume the entire roll myself but it is just so fresh and light that this is not a problem. I love the crunch of the cucumber... and it goes so well with wasabi and ginger flavors! Just delicious. To top it all off, they still include salad, miso soup and edamame with every meal. All this food plus two ice teas (mine was green tea and soooo good) and the bill for the two of us came to about $15. All the rolls were from the half price happy hour menu, which they have now extended to 10pm on Mon-Thurs. Just amazing prices! The place is so casual and comfortable that is has become my favorite place to go when I get home from work too tired to cook. And the staff is so friendly! They really know how to treat their regulars well. Next time you are in the area and in the mood for sushi, skip all the gimmicky chains or glitzy, expensive sushi bars and come here for some down-home good food and great service.
5	This place is GREAT!!!   You will be more than satified.  The food tastes great and is very fresh.  I always do the all you can eat sushi.  Each order is custom made for me unlike the buffets where they have mass made sushi sitting at the buffet stand and is hard and nasty.  You will fall in love with Mido sushi.  My only regret is that it is 40 miles from my home.  I have been looking at houses in the neighborhood so that I can be closer. You have to try Mido Sushi!!
2	Aside from the service, which was great, I have to say that I was really not impressed with Mido Sushi.   If I had to give this place a ranking on the list of all the sushi establishments I've visited it would definitely fall towards the bottom of my list for taste and quality.It started off with edamame (and not very good edamame at that), miso soup (lukewarm at best) and a small salad (consisted of lettuce, sesame dressing and a piece of imitation crab).  I had hoped the sub par openers wouldn't be a sign of things to come, but unfortunately that turned out not to be the case.  I was attracted to the idea of Mido Sushi after seeing that they have an all-you-can-eat sushi option for $19.99, and many of the reviews on here stating that quality did not suffer as a result of endless rolls.  Now that I've been here, I will say that the all-you-can-eat sushi option would be great if you were looking for quantity rather than quality.  However, if you could be satisfied with just two or three rolls I would say there are better options out there that wouldn't cost anymore than Mido's all-you-can-eat option.  Since my eyes are usually bigger than my stomach, and I prefer higher quality sushi than I had here, I'll probably find a better option in the area next time.
4	All you can eat sushi w a complimentary soup, salad, and green tea ice cream? Sign me up. I really like this place while it is somewhat of a hike to get there they always make it worth my while. It is a little divey but you get over it bc the sushi is great and you can't beat the prices. If you're hungry and want to get your grub on, this is your place.
5	I used to work at a popular sushi joint, which was awesome but kind of pricey considering what you were getting. We found this place and haven't been back! It's freaking delicious and the staff is SO nice. My (straight-up white) boyfriend is now eating sashimi and nigiri like it's his business! The all-you-can-eat is great and comes with your choice of tempura or gyoza appetizer and sashimi for 2. SO GOOD, the white toro and salmon are our faves! It's always fresh and cold, never warm sushi! It's not one of those uber-trendy places, which is great from our point of view (we hate Snobbsdale). It's GREAT quality and the amount of fish you receive is definitely a generous amount! If you're not into all-you-can-eat, they have a really generous happy hour that extends until night time, not just for lunchers. Oh, did I mention $6 sake bombers all the time? Holla! lol
5	Orange roll, mido roll! This place has the greatest sushi for the money I've had in town. The mido roll is my favorite roll ever. I'm not the most experienced sushi eater, but I've had enough now to tell quality for the money, and this place delivers. Like another reviewer said as well, I too drive 40 minutes one way just to get there. Maybe Mido needs to start a caravan service or start another location farther north? :-)
1	bad bad choice for sushi buffet.sashimi was thick and limited,gyozas were drenched and not crispy at alltempura was okaysushi rolls had carrots in them, carrots, seriously............rice in sushi rolls keep breaking and coming apart, pack them full or rice and have a hard carrot piece in there and just a little bit of fishservice was terrible, other than the ice tea and water refills, our server messed up our order each time we put it in.  first time, only half the sushi came outso we re-ordered, took 20-30 mins for reorder to come, again, missing several rolls, did a 3rd reorder, another 20-30 mins.  we were there for 3 hrs.  3 terrible hours, i kid u not, we will never go back here again.i rather they increased the price from 20 to 25 and give us a real decent buffet like they used to, say about a year ago.  now its just really bad.staff were doing their best to mess up or ignore us.
3	I usually go to Mido sushi when I want sushi and sashimi. They have all you can eat sushi buffet which I like.Service is pretty good. Sushi, sashimi and rolls are good. But the problem is the speed and accuracy of the serving. It always takes long time to get the food in front of you. And very often, they don't bring all things that I marked on the order sheet. So if you want to eat all the foods you want, you should wait quite long time.
4	I always appreciate and support small own businesses!  Mido is no different.  I don't eat much Sushi, but when I'm hanging with Ms. Tang seems like we always do Sushi.  I don't do the ordering since I'm such a novice Sushi patron so I eat whatever she orders.  Tonight - White Tuna Albacore, Octopus, Shrimp Roll w it's head fried, Squid Salad, miso soup, edamame, and my nemesis Uni!  I can't handle Uni -- the texture really throws me off and the taste of the ocean from a slimy gushy slab of Sea Urchin is not fun for my palate!  Everything else works, definitely loving the Octopus with a thinly slice of lemon on top - Yum!  Plus, gotta say my all time favorite is the fried shrimp head -- Yes, Andrew Zimmerman would be proud of me.Service was excellent.  I got a tip of the hat from the Sushi Master -- I hope that's a good thing.  Overall they were attentive and quick.The decors were traditional Japanese and what you would expect from a small sushi joint.  Definitely, think an anime flare would do it some good haha!  Dragon Ball Z, Gundam, and some Escaflowne would give it some up to date generational kick! - Enjoy!
4	I think I found my new "go to" sushi place.  I visited Mido with my husband the other day based on a friend's recommendation and I am so glad I did.  My husband and I both had the all-you-can-eat sushi for $20.  As Jared said, the sushi quality is not out of this world, but it is solid (good).  Definitely a great deal for the price.   It is comparable to Takamatsu's all-you-can-eat, but I think I prefer Mido.  Like Takamatsu, the sushi is made to order and not pre-made, which is a huge plus!   There is a large list of rolls you can choose from and the buffet also comes with:EdamameMiso soupAssorted tempura or gyoza (I recommend the tempura)Sashimi platter (If you love raw fish, do NOT miss out on this)Ice cream (mango, green tea, or red bean)All the above is brought to you.  You can also ask for fixings for Korean style sashimi lettuce wraps (ssam, samjang, chojang).  If you love spicy, garlicky, fresh, crispy, food, I highly recommend it.  Oh and for dessert, try the red bean paste ice cream at least once.  You won't be disappointed.  All three flavors are really good, but the red bean one is the best in my opinion.  The flavors are really delicate with a hint of what tastes like rose water.  Seriously, it is really good.  Refreshing too.  A great way to finish off a great dinner.   I'm not sure if you can forgo any of the above, and I will mention that like other all-you-can-eat sushi places you will be charged if you do not finish all the food you ordered, which makes total sense.  Waste is not a good thing.  So, I recommend you take your time, just order a few things at first and order more once you finished what you have already ordered.All-in-all this is good food and great service at a very reasonable price.  Everything about it, from the enthusiastic greeting you get from the sushi master/owner to the the generous and delicious offerings for dinner, tells you that this is a place with heart.  The priority here is to make sure you have a great experience and it totally shows!
4	All you can eat!!!! Great happy hour almost as good of a deal!!!!  The sushi is made fresh and is very good.  They have selections for big sushi lovers like me (Alaska roll and Uni here are the best) as well as many fried or chicken options for people like my boyfriend who don't want it raw. I wish this place was closer to me.
5	I love eating here. Great Sushi in a place that is family owned and operated. This little place does things the traditional way including right down the the Sushi chef throwing out heated towels. I will say that eating here was a pleasure. Great Good, Great Ambiance, Great Service at a Great Price. I cannot advise on a "favorite" roll as everyone I have had there has been awesome. I tend to lean towards the eel personally. I do suggest trying all of the desserts as they are all to die for. Remember , when doing Sushi you must go with Sushi buddies. The more the better , that way you have a little bit of everything!!
5	Simply irresistible, We will be back.Sashimi, sushi, tempura, miso, ginger, ngiri, salad, OH YES.It was a sat night and my Girlfriend made my quite happy by asking if we can go for all you can eat suhsi. I said sure and decided we would try it at Mido. As usualI was expected a limited ACYE menu and mediocre quality. To my surprise neither were true.The meal started with Miso soup and a salad. The soup was nice but lacked many tofu chunks, The salad was nothing special but I like sesame dressing.The first BIG surprise was the Sashimi. While it is not ACYE A single pre fix order comes with the 19.99 ACYE deal. On top of the initial shock that we got sashimi was the Toro, white tuna belly, so fresh and soft it did not need chewing, it was simply amazing. The other fish were also great, and the seaweed salad was enjoyable too. No one touched the squid salad.Nigiri time, Salmon good, ahi nice, toro AMAZING.,Bring on the rolls. First we went american with a las vegas roll, tempura fired roll with tuna, tuna and salmon it it, summary GREAT.  A vegge tempura maki roll, GREAT.Spicy Tuna roll Decent, Jose role a bit odd and the raw Jalapeno was a bit much for some. Tempura spicy tuna roll, greatA ton more Toro nigri  still amazingMaybe it was just a on night and cool weather that lead for fresh fish but this would have been great even if it were not ACYE. Mostly due to the toro and salmon, We walked away pleased and amazed that they are still open at 19.99 with sashimi.
5	I was looking for AYCE Sushi and I found it at Mido Sushi. The price is right and I got my full of Nigiri sushi and some tasty rolls. Sitting at the bar was a good experience watching the sushi being made. I will be coming back here again.
1	The service is the worst.  You can order all you can eat, they just will never bring it.  Food is fair.  My strong recommendation find another spot!
4	Sashimi was pretty decent, especially the white tuna.  California rolls were good as expected.  Chicken terriyaki was just ok.  All in all, food was good.Biggest problem was the service as it felt like a total chore to get the waitress to take our order.... even after we were seated before several other tables who already had their order taken and appetizers/drinks brought to their table.
5	Mido is the perfect sushi place because it's exactly the right balance of quality and value.  We eat there whenever we want decent sushi - we know we'll get a good product for a good price.Every meal starts with a salad , miso soup, and edemame.   Why are people complaining about these?  They're free!  And they're good!  Simple, but still very good... and free.We usually get the All-You-Can-Eat for $20.   I have the tempura appetizer and BF gets the gyoza appetizer.  Both of these typically come out after our first plate of sushi.  That's just how it works at Mido - accept it.  That doesn't mean the service is bad, it just means the sushi came out really quick.  The tempura is wonderful and I really appreciate that they have a large variety of vegetables - bell pepper, carrot, two kinds of sweet potato, mushroom, broccoli, and asparagus (!) - in addition to two shrimp.  The gyoza is pretty standard but the dipping sauce is great and they're always perfectly pan fried.When it comes to sushi, we mostly stick with nigiri.  The toro, snapper, yellowtail, and shrimp are all really good - fresh and clean tasting.  The salmon is WONDERFUL.  The sushi chef puts a little tiny bit of wasabi on each piece (there's a tip for all the people who mix wasabi into their soy - don't overdo it at Mido).  And the Unagi, which is my favorite, is perfectly done every time.  No pin bones, not over cooked, but not cold either.  Delicious!As for the rolls - well, I love the rolls at Mido because it's one of the few places where they'll make them without avocado.  I'm allergic and the Mido chefs are always accommodating.  We try different rolls almost every time we go in.  They also have a couple I've never seen anywhere else, like the Gyoza roll.I've seen a couple complaints about the staff, but we've never had an issue.  Even when they're super busy, they make an effort to serve everyone quickly and politely.  And if you sit at or near the bar, a sushi chef will throw you a hot towel and speak some Spanish to you - very fun!To sum up - go to Mido if you want to eat a lot of good sushi and not spend a ton of money.
4	This is a great sushi place! Not really familiar with places out on this part of town but Mido does not disappoint!! Met my friends here for happy hour sushi before our Tango lesson. Ordered sashimi and nigiri pieces(my favorites!) All orders come with miso soup+ ginger salad as well! My salmis,tuna and halibut was impeccable, fresh and delicious! Love trying new places out, thank you Mido!!
4	Come here monthly for the all you can eat sushi for $20pp.  Sushi quality is decent for Arizona.  You can also ask for sashimi to share if you have a large party and everyone is doing all you can eat.For fresh fish, you want to go to a busy restaurant.  This place is definitely busy each evening weekend.There are some sushi not available on the all you can eat sushi menu, but overall the choices are quite good.
4	HUGE fan!Love Poncho, the birthday strobe lights, the food and the service. This is a go-to for my boyfriend and I when we're looking for sushi. More likely than not, we'll opt for the all you can eat option for $20/ person. With that comes with miso soup, salad, sashimi, your AYCE picks, ice cream and with a special frequent customer request, this awesome pan seared, naturally fatty sea bass belly and salmon cheeks, which are AMAZING. Not a taste for everyone, kinda bizarre for most. But this will be well appreciated by traditional Asian taste and PERFECT for me. Loyalist here.
4	Okay so I made two visits here, so far. And yes, I will be going back.Visit #1 - Dinner timeI wasn't sure what to expect. When you first enter, they acknowledge your presence and ask you to seat yourself. A server then comes and takes your drink order. I ordered the green tea, which, by the way, is literally green. It is yummy. So, then another server comes out with Miso soup, crab salad and green beans. These come with any order for free. So after eating the yummy free stuff, I was ready for sushi. You can either order by the roll, or get all you can eat for $19.95. So, since I was ordering 2 rolls that added up to $18, I went with the all you can eat. I ordered the Vegas Roll, Soft Shell Crab roll and the Crazy Roll. They were all very delicious. And they staggered the delivery of the rolls. I was with my kids so I got them some ice cream. No complaints about the service or food!  Oh and when you get the all you can eat, you get a free appetizer. So, I picked the dumplings which they serve pan fried.Visit #2 - Lunch timeSo, my expectations were set to order a couple rolls that cost around $12. Well, wouldn't ya know it they have a lunch time special where all rolls are half off. I ordered 5 rolls for $20 (lunch was for 2). They have special menus pre planned for the all you can eat and half off lunch specials, but if there is a roll that isn't on the list, for the most part you can ask and they will make it. Just make sure to tip the chef. I ordered my usual rolls plus the dragon roll. Yummy!
3	For the price I thought Mido was pretty good value. Don't come here expecting to be blown away. I mean what do you really expect for a $20 at an AYCE sushi joint in Chandler, AZ. Best advice I can give you about this place, drink a few sake bombers first then order food. I guarantee the rolls will taste way better than if you were sober. That one thing Id come back for.. I was super keen on the tempura.
1	I am honestly baffled that this horrible place has so many good reviews. I will never eat here again. I'm just glad we only bought 1 of the restaurant.com coupons.First off, they picked just about the worst place to have their restaurant, there's no parking at all. We had about a 30 minute wait, which wasn't too bad for a Friday evening. There was a mix up and they tried to seat the same party twice, when we told them those people had already been seated they made us feel like we were lying just to get the table. Between that and the parking we were all already pretty annoyed. Once we were seated we got our drinks pretty quickly, but for the rest of the night we had to flag some one down to get refills. We decided what we were getting but we weren't sure if they wanted us to mark it down on the paper menus they give you (since we've been to some places that just use them as menus and don't like you writing on them) the waitress finally came back, when we started to tell her what we wanted she was like "Oh, you have to fill that out" and left, didn't even give us a pen or anything. She didn't show up again for at least another 10 minutes and another waiter had taken pity on us (he was also the one who we usually ended up asking to get our refills) and taken our order. Now to the food! We got 2 orders of Gyoza, they were pretty good but very soggy. Not just in a non-fried way, but more a fried and then left in water for a while kind of texture, it was rather off-putting. They didn't get our second order of Gyoza out until we'd finished our rolls. Our friends ordered chicken fried rice and a Philly roll, they said both were good but they'd had better. My husband and I ordered a shrimp tempura roll, a las vegas roll and a haha roll. The tempura had been overcooked and they actually had the nerve to make the bottom half of the roll a double layer of rice and seaweed! The haha roll was mediocre at best. The las vegas roll was actually very good but we had to scarf it down because they'd forgotten to make it for us (we didn't see a waiter for at least 20 minutes after they dropped off the food) and we were late for a movie. They're just very cheap, they only give you 5 piece rolls and they use seriously huge pieces of cucumber and carrots so they can skimp on more expensive ingredients. I assume they do this because they offer all you can eat and because they're one of the only sushi places here that do that people apparently are content to let them get away with it. In areas where all you can eat is something you find in almost every sushi restaurant (Nevada) this is so not acceptable.  I imagine that the all you can eat option is the only reason they've stayed in business as I know of a few other sushi joints that are much, much better within a 15 minute drive. I'd rather pay more and have really good sushi and great service than put up with this place just for the all you can eat option.
4	This is just for a quick tip as the Sushi is good as ever.Don't sit at the sushi bar, you may think you get your sushi sooner as your are staring down the cooks, however this is far from the truth. Two times now my bar side service has been much slower than table shushi.  When sushi is this good I rather not wait for it.
5	If you love genuine sushi you'll love this place. I eat here at least once a week and it is one of the best Japanese restaurants  in town.
3	Meh. Hubs and I tried this place after a work buddy of his suggested it. We both got the all-you-can-eat and it was ok. I guess when you choose that option the quality and quantity of rolls goes down the drain. The miso soup was pretty ick. I think we'll stick to Shimogamo from now on.
2	I'm not quite sure how this restaurant rated as high as it does.  The rolls were bland and the AYCE deal was "meh".   The staff did what they could to make it a good experience making it the only reason I didnt give this place a 1.  This said please understand the AYCE covers only the sushi, no teriyaki chicken etc.  After eating at hundreds of sushi places this goes in the bottom 15.
5	Have been eating here at least twice a month for the past two years. Sometimes with friends sometimes solo, always good. I think the AYCE value is wonderful ($20). For my friends that don't eat as much as I do the happy hour menu works great. Great quality product, I have found it always consistent. I eat mostly sushi/sashimi and occasionally a roll. I do wish they had a wider variety of fish to sample and uni is usually in short supply. That being said even the higher end joints have sure cut back in this economy. I like the costumer service, no not the fastest in the world. Pancho makes sure the food gets out, and if it isn't correct he'll fix it. Drink prices are good if you like sake and beer, which I do. Sake Bomb large beer/small sake ($6).This is your 5 star (working middle class) sushi bar.
4	I wish Yelp had half stars- this place would be 3.5 but I decided to round up. When you first arrive, you are seated promptly and served miso soup, a small salad, and edamame. But after that, things sort of go downhill as far as service goes. We have sat a while waiting for a waitress to take our order after we have finished all of our appetizers.As for the food, I don't have much to complain about except that I have found a hair in my soup once... The sushi is pretty fresh and tasty and a pretty good value but I wouldn't say it's the best in town. Overall, a fairly solid sushi joint if you're in the neighborhood.
4	This review is for my latest visit to Mido, which was by far the best!Tonight was my fiance's birthday, and he chose to go to Mido for his sushi fix. Thankfully we managed to go when it wasn't too busy, and we could get a table and not sit at the sushi bar. While the sushi bar is convenient, it's not very private and is cramped.Anyway, tonight the staff at Mido went above and beyond and I couldn't have chose a better place to experience our night. First of all, knowing every other time we have gone it's been busy and we have to sit at the sushi bar, I called ahead to make sure we could have a table--sure, no problem. Next, however, they did something I thought would have been impossible to explain over the phone-- I requested pre ordered adult beverages be delivered to our table upon arrival, to surprise my fiance for his bday celebration (he's not one to go out of his way to order an adult beverage while we out, so i took the liberty of doing it for him [insert evil laugh here] ) and they did just that...right on queue :)Ordering and receiving was a breeze as per usual, and everything was fresh and delicious. When it was about time to bring the check, our server attempted to ask if we wanted dessert to celebrate, but fiance was on the phone....next thing we know (he had hung up by this time) disco lights are flashing, Asian techno music sounding similar to happy birthday was playing on a speaker above us, and out came our server with some mango ice cream w/ a candle in it. To top it off, the entire restaurant was clapping and she shot a confetti popper in the air too! This was by far the best night we've had in such a long time, and we owe it all to Mido! THANKS AGAIN!
5	Pleasantly surprise to say the least, their happy hour last until 10pm. When you sit down you get free miso, edamame, and sesame salad. My boyfriend and I ordered three rolls and two iced teas thinking we would be paying at least $30 (what we usually pay at RA) and our bill was only $17.17! The spicy yellowtail roll was my favorite. We say at the sushi bar and were very entertained by the chefs, one who grunted and yelled "hoy".We eat sushi at least once every two weeks, and this is probably our new favorite spot.
2	Disappointed - I had read all the great reviews, and was excited to check it out.  We've walked by there many times on our way to Teakwoods next door, and it always looked like it was crowded, and good times were rolling.  I had read that as you come inside, they throw you a hot towel for your face (kids were looking forward to this too!) but the only thing that hit me was the cold slap of reality - it just wasn't very good.  My second star was for service - they were friendly.  But the meal was not that great - the sushi was very plain, and little too close to room temperature for my taste.  I'm always hoping to find that awesome out of the way place that'll keep me out of the chains like Ra, etc., but this wasn't it.
5	This is my brother's favorite sushi place! We took him here for his birthday and they did an amazing job making his birthday special. They have this fun multi-colored strobe light that they turn on when they play their "Happy Birthday" song. It was really sweet. Also, the sushi is fresh and tasty. Their happy hour prices are cheap! My brother loves the "all you can eat buffet" for only $20.
3	Read some of the reviews for this place, and decided to try it.  Since I'm not from the area, I heavily rely on word-of-mouth and Yelp for all of my reviews.  The reviews for this place seemed promising, but I expected better than what I received.  Don't get me wrong, the food was good, but there is better sushi than here.  Granted, this place is cheaper, so if you want to go for inexpensive sushi with really great happy-hour specials, then this place is for you....considering their happy hour ends at closing.
4	Oh Mido, you're too fun. They have some of the best prices in the Valley and still haven't let go of the All-You-Can-Eat Deal! The guys behind the bar are super fun, talk them up, tip them and you'll see the enthusiasm they have for what they do.Their fish is fresh, and the servers are quick/on their game. I've never had a bad time or meal here. It's more laid back than other places and if it's your birthday they'll bust out the overhead disco ball for a brief moment to congratulate you on staying alive for another year.Woo! Check em out if you want a relaxed, well price sushi meal on the East Side.
5	My pregnant coworker brought me to this place for happy hour. Reminds me of LA Sushi joints. Scented warm towels when you arrive. Free* Miso Soup, salad, and edamame.... Then half off sushi rolls! Yes please. Service was attentive, but casual. The guys rolling the rolls at the sushi bar were super interactive, and seemed really happy to just be alive. They made the energy of the place really positive. My friend and I ordered 5 sushi rolls... and some nice hot green tea. Each of our bill, out the door with a (hefty) tip included?... $15.00! Way better than corporate, chain, run by all white americans sushi joints (cough RA Sushi)....Go try it!
4	Love there happy hour deals. We go there at least twice a month. Service can improve. I have had better sushi at other places but for the price during happy hour, I can settle with second to best!
4	The salmon at this sushi house is TO DIE FOR.  Salmon Kama, Salmon sashimi, I Love Salmon Roll.... all of which are dreamy!  The kama is crisp on the outside and lusciously velvety goodness on the inside.  The sashimi is divine and melts in your mouth.  The salmon rolls are quite tasty too, if you're in the mood for sushi. On the other hand, I'm not  a big fan of their non-salmon sushi, and the seaweed salad is a little underseasoned.  Anything fried is good though - soft shell crab, tempura, etc.  There's all you can eat for $20, but with almost every hour of every day being half-off happy hour, there's always a good deal to be had here ;)  [Additionally, they have listings on restaurant.com too]
5	Let me preface this review by saying that the very first sushi experience I had was at a little restaurant named Sushi Hama in Tucson years and years ago. I LOVE sushi and the first time I had it I was instantly hooked (they have this specialty roll- the "Pancho roll"- named after the owner). They've since opened several locations and are under new management. Whenever I go back to Tucson I make it a point to stop by this place. (P.S. If anyone reading this makes a pit stop in Tucson- check this place out [or at least the Yelp page]).So, the other day my bf and I had a craving for sushi and wanting to try a new place we stopped in here. As I'm looking through the menu I see a "Pancho roll" and a "Tucson roll" on the menu. I immediately light up and ask the sushi chef behind the bar if a Pancho works here. Sure enough the former owner of Sushi Hama is now here! I don't know if he owns this place or not but he still makes THE best sushi! The Pancho roll was just as good as I had remembered it being and the experience brought me back to the first time I'd had that roll many moons ago. We ended up getting the all you can eat which comes with the familiar salad w/ sesame oil salad dressing, miso soup and edamame. Every roll we had was delicious and Pancho even made a special extra spicy tuna roll for my bf.I am so happy to have accidentally stumbled upon this place and I tell you- I will definitely be hitting this place up when I need my sushi fix!
1	I went to this sushi bar last week for happy hour with my mother directly after work due to rave reviews. While the sushi was pretty good and I liked the sushi chefs, the overall customer service was HORRIBLE! I walked in and stood at the front and the waitress was leaning against the sushi bar across the room looking at me. She didn't walk up to say hello, nor did she direct me to an available table. So after standing around for a few mins I walked over TO her and she looked and spoke to me like I was disturbing her. I had to ask for a menu and she simply shook her hand towards the dining area when I asked for a table. I eventually sat down at the sushi bar and waited for my mother, we ate, enjoyed the sushi but the salad (topped with a small strip of fake crab meat) and edamame (sp?) left much to be desired. When we finished our meal, oh and no one checked on us either, we sat there for 15-20 mins and no one acknowledged us. We were sitting right next to the kitchen doors so the waitresses had to walk past us to get to the rest of the customers. I'm not sure if I'm the only customer that received this kind of treatment but I did notice the waitresses being pleasant to the people around us. As well as walking them to available tables with menus in hand.When we paid, I wrote a note complaining about the service and intend on speaking to the manager, but I doubt that would make any difference. I will never visit this sushi place nor would I recommend it to my large social circle.
4	Ask for Sharon and nobody else! She makes this place.  Everyone else in this place is rude and grumpy, especially the older lady with shorter hair.  Service sucks normally, but Sharon is amazing! She smiles, doesn't accuse us of sharing and doesn't act like we just asked her to Stab her eye when asked for water.  She's generous with the ponzu sauce too. I'd give this place 1 star if it weren't for Sharon.Ps. The rolls are bomb.  Well, except for the Mexican roll.
4	Food was great. The sushi was fresh. Meals came with a salad and miso soup. Service was slow for a weekday dinner with maybe 4 tables and 4 servers.
2	Well, never turned out to be about 10 months lol. My husband and I have tried this place a couple times since the awful first experience because it's right next to our new eye doctor and has happy hour all day. We went mid afternoon both times and they weren't at all busy. That didn't make the service any better. I guess that's what happens when you give your wait staff their own section of the restaurant with a huge  flat screen.The first time we ordered a couple Vegas rolls, some sashimi and a shrimp tempura roll. My husband asked for no wasabi on the sashimi, it came with wasabi. I asked for no cucumber on my tempura roll and it, of course, had cucumber. My hubby really liked the Vegas rolls, I thought they were ok. If you're having something with carrots make sure to order them without as their carrots taste nasty, like they soak them in something before serving.We only went the second time because my hubby's favorite sushi place is closed on Mondays. The second time we ordered the same things plus a gyoza roll. They actually managed to give us our sushi exactly as we'd ordered it.  The Gyoza roll was good, but it really needs a topping or something. It's just a giant gyzoa wrapped in rice and seaweed. We might go here again if it's convenient but there's definitely better sushi around.
4	Owner is very friendly and nice. It gets pretty busy on weekends but their food is great. Their all you can is amazing for $20.  The sushi quality is not amazing but just okay i guess.
1	Well I don't do reviews much but I feel this place needs a warning. We did the all you can eat and if you like supper thin cut sushi on top of a mountain of rice then this is the place for you.. It's 20$ all you can eat rice!!! You can't even taste whats on top. Even the roll I got was a huge deep-fried rice roll... Sorry I have had lots of all you can eats and this is by far the worst.
4	The happy hour deal was great!! I got 3 vegan rolls for under $8 and miso and edamame were free. I love sushi but have never gone on my own to a sushi restaurant, the staff was not very helpful despite my obvious confusion about how to go about seating myself and ordering. If you are unfamiliar with sushi restaurants, perhaps start somewhere else or bring a friend, but the quality of the rolls was great and the price was even better.
4	Awesome deal for the 'all you can eat' with much better variety of nigiri choices compared to other all you can eat sushi joints in the area. Seafood quality has been superb 99% of the time. I was served some uni once that tasted awful. I mentioned it to the server yet I was still charged and no apology was given. This would be five stars but for the uni experience, and also on occasion, the rice amounts increase (with a corresponding decrease of the seafood portion) when doing all you can eat and ordering A LOT of food.
4	The best value in sushi. Come here for the all you can eat or happy hour and leave without regrets.The all-you-can-eat menu is extensive and really anything you could want, same goes for the happy hour menu. If you are not some sushi purist or elitist get their vegas roll it's deep fried seafood heaven on a roll definitely recommend it. Their rolls are rather large. If you are not very hungry (sushi in general never tends to fill me if I order a la carte) one roll per person can actually make an impact at this place where most other restaurants will require much more. Why not five stars? Well it's a value proposition not a hip date place or cool place to meet up with friends. Service is great though, just not the ideal atmosphere.
4	So I usually have a good experience here. The chefs are very nice as they were today, but if you're not at the sushi bar the service is much slower when it comes to the sushi. Overall not bad, but could have been much better service.
5	This is a great place to eat ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI. It's $20. If you think you will spend at least $15 for sushi at some other restaurant, just come here. Eat until you explode. And the thing is, the sushi is pretty good!I usually don't prefer sushi restaurants that is not run by Japanese people but this is fine. They do a good job. The order for all you can eat can be rolls, or nigiri pieces. If you ask nicely and have a large group, they may even through in sashimi.Don't be dumb. Come here for you sushi. Unless you are planning to spend less than $15. Then go to Teharu down the street. Wow, I just saved you a lot of money.
1	Having moved to Chandler within walking distance of Mido Sushi last year, we were happy we were so close to such a highly rated sushi restaurant. We tried and tried and tried but each time we went the sushi was "meh" and the service was the worst we've ever experienced in any restaurant ever. Even my kids won't go there anymore.After about 10 visits over 3-4 months, all four of the members of my sushi-loving family gave up. The only thing consistent is the meh food and terrible service. Do yourself a favor and drive down the road 1 mile to Sushi & Teppan for great service and better sushi.
4	I love this place. They are hardcore Korean chefs and owner.You probably get better deal just order off the happy hour menu over the all you can-eat. The quality of food is great here and it's a little gem I am so glad to discover !
5	This is a good place for Sushi lover. If you really like eating different kinds of sushi, just choose the ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI for 19.99 per person. Over twenty kinds of sushi are waiting for your order. You can try at least one of each kind. The materials for sushi is really fresh and tasty.
1	We ordered the all u can eat Sushi, which means we can order whatever we want to eat. However they intentionally slow to make the food. When we ask why it was so slow they were really rude. It took us 2 hour and half just for 3 sushi roll. When we pay, they add 20 percent tip!!! Never go again
5	Definitely good sushi.  I think sometimes an all you eat has a stigma of "must not be that good of sushi", but I would say that's not the case here.  Actually, I saw one of the guys who was making the sushi cut into an avacado, and I guess there was something about it he didn't like so he threw the whole thing away.  Heck, I think I would have at least looked further to see if there was some part that was good.  So point being that they don't pass off bad food.  I'll definitely go back if I'm in that area.  Personable people to boot.
1	Mido came to me highly recommended by some friends of ours. By the end of the night he was apologizing to me, when it should have been the restaurant staff.Our evening started smoothly enough, we had a party of 10 and they seated us promptly which was good. The waitress who came around the first time didn't understand my drink order the first time I gave it, so I repeated it and there was no further issue.Then came time order sushi, our party was doing the all-you-can-eat deal, so we asked for separate ordering slips so we could keep the tickets separate. The waitress did not understand what we were describing to her and became flustered and panicked (English was not her first language) because they apparently keep everything on one ticket typically. Which would normally be fine, but I needed to make sure my own orders were clearly segregated because I have an avocado allergy. So the lady summoned another waiter to us and I had to explain that we wanted to keep the tickets separate and why, it was no big deal.We ordered sushi, and for my two sons we ordered chicken dishes off the normal dinner menu. While we waited, a sweaty glass was fumbled by a combination effort of the waiter and my eldest son trying to rescue it. Nevertheless, broken glass and ice water covered my boy and our table. Waiter came back with towels to clean up, it wasn't really clear that it was anyone's fault, just frustrating.Then our orders began to arrive. Our entire table of 10 got all of their sushi, but my boys' dinners were missing. My younger son is 3. We weren't about to eat in front of him.HALF AN HOUR goes by and we don't have any staff visit our table...for drinks, to check on us, or anything. I flag down a girl who wasn't our waitress and try to discreetly tell her we were still waiting for two dishes for my sons.The waiter came back a moment later and said he was sorry and that he forgot them and they'd be out in a few minutes. I was without words.When their dinners finally arrived, my sushi had been sitting on our table for 40 minutes, and was considerably closer to room temperature than I would have liked, but I made my own decision not to eat while my children waited. The food was pretty good, not the best by a longshot, and some of their rolls are made in ways inconsistent with dozens of other sushi restaurants that I have frequented in the past. If this review were solely for the food, I would say 3.5-ish stars.Our second order of AYCE Sushi takes a little bit long, but by this time the restaurant is crowded, and I can literally see how fast and frantic the sushi chefs are working, so I don't cause a fuss.When the last order finally arrives, we sit and chat for another 15-20 minutes or so while no staff visit our table, we flag someone down and request the bill. Then, gold strikes and some other woman who we hadn't seen yet before comes to our table with a notepad, asking every person what they ordered before we could get the bills for our party. I bit my tongue and complied and rattled off everything I ordered, not mentioning the unacceptable delays for my childrens' dinners as I was confident someone had brought it to their attention already. But the question remained; Why were we telling them what we ordered? It wasn't "OK who had the philly roll, ok and who had the sake bomber...?" etc, it was "what did you have?" as if she had no idea and nobody wrote anything down from our original order or that the tickets that we deliberately asked them to separate so they could, you know, make this part easier for themselves, had disappeared.Then came the bill. Full price charged for the order, even the late forgotten meals, plus 18% gratuity added on.I walked straight to the cashier, pointed at the gratuity and said three words clearly and softly. "Remove. This. Please."I gave him my card, signed, and left. I am beyond pissed and I am not going to return.TL;DR:- First waitress had a panic attack over keeping my no-avocado allergy order segregated from others- Glass of water broken onto our table and my sons.- Forgot my kids' orders-were 40 minutes late to our table.- Wait staff visits to our table infrequent, often had to ask for other passers-by for assistance- Completely clueless about what our table ordered. We had to tell them everything we ordered as if the original order tickets were lost- 18% auto-tip added on when it not only shouldn't have been, but I should not have been charged for my kids dishes after having to wait to eat.- Never going back. This is not a 4-star establishment.
3	All good things....It is such a sad line as it was the title of the last Star Trek TNG episode and it also applies to the All you can eat at mido.It was great, but them came the rice, oh the copious amounts of rice.  The nigiri got bigger and the fish thinner, The rolls fatter on the outside but less on the inside. It was truly sad that my past 3 visits have confirmed that profit over quality is taking hold.The sashimi starter is good If you know to ask for it, as re the fried rolls, however the good old days have past and I will be looking for a new go to place.
5	Seriously delicious sushi, and AMAZING prices if you go during Happy Hour. Being a petite girl, I don't have the stomach capacity to make proper use of their All You Can Eat deal, but if you're a person who can eat a lot, do it. During busy dinnertime, the service isn't great - you're going to have to flag the waitresses down for your order and check, though they're good about refilling drinks - but I would honestly chalk that up to Asian custom, since in my experience, waiters and waitresses in restaurants overseas are not big on hovering at your table. Going during lunch time is a treat, because then the waitresses are nicer and the chefs take good care of you. I really recommend this place if you're looking for some quality sushi on a budget.Do take the time to chat with the chefs if you're sitting at the bar and ask them what they'd recommend (so much variety - try new things!), because they're really nice and helpful and might even treat you to a new bite or two.
3	Over the past year we have gone to Mido and it never disappoints because it is generally the way I like to eat - the restaurant is family owned and operated and the food is good. The rice is always the proper consistency and I find that I enjoy the individual flavors in every bite despite how neatly and beautifully compressed the rolls are presented. More importantly, none of the tempura items are greasy (which completely contaminates the flavors of a sushi dinner in my opinion). Now, there is nothing pretentious about this restaurant: the chef's daughter handles the front of the house and the decoration consists of plastic plants and beautiful Japanese dolls. The sushi boats range from $35 to $100 and they offer the ever so popular all-you-can-eat option. I really enjoy the Nigiri (2 piece) Masago sushi but what keeps me going back for more is the hand roll - IT'S ALL ABOUT THE HAND ROLL! If you have never had a hand roll because you think it looks like a sloppy sushi burrito you are missing out. A California hand roll is my newfound love because it accentuates the taste of the seaweed paper ("Nori") and the freshness of the cucumber. It's delicious!The only caveat I have about Mido is that the service is really lacking on busy weekend nights. The waitstaff walks around with unattractive bins bussing the tables while hungry patrons rush to be seated. Your drink will be very lonely as refills may take longer the usual. The sushi is good though and it's a great place for a date on a quiet weekday.  In sum, there is nothing Scottsdale about this place which is why I love it. hungrylocavore.tumblr.com
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!!!  My wife and I went to Mido Sushi for a date night.  We bought movie tickets for after dinner.  We both got food poisioning and had to leave to leave the movie due to throwing up.  We have been throwing up all night and all day.  Take my advice and DO NOT EAT HERE!!!  I called the health department and they said they have multipal violations just in the last few months.  Multipal accounts of food poisioning and poor cleanleness.  I can not tell you how bad it is there.  I have never been this sick...
2	This place is one of those places you go to when you want sushi but don't feel like paying normal price. Their rolls are really ricey to the point they all end up tasting the same. The service is great and the sushi chefs are HILARIOUS! if you go in, tell them its your birthday! you will LOVE the surprise!The place inside isn't all that great, and the servers have a difficult time understanding what you want. The 19.99 all you can eat deal is amazing though! Make sure you order sashimi if you're trying to get any fish at all... because like I said earlier, their rolls are more rice than anything!Always remember, you get what you pay for!
4	Mido Sushi is great!They have an excellent deal for happy hour, which is all day from Monday-Thursday, and from 11:30-5 on Friday and Saturday. Nigiri sushi and rolls are 1/2 price. The happy hour menu for sushi is pretty extensive, and a lot of specialty rolls are included. The rolls themselves are a large portion of fish and vegetable. The quality is pretty good, especially for the price.We ordered 6 different rolls and left very full. Even the basic rolls such as tuna and salmon have a lot of fish in them and are pretty large, compared to other sushi restaurants where your basic rolls have a tiny amount of fish, and are pretty anemic looking compared to others. We had 2 deep fried rolls with jalapeno, and they were perfectly crispy, with a nice spicy kick to them from the fresh pepper. We also tried a deep-fried chicken roll since it sounded like a pretty unusual roll. It was also delicious, with panko-crusted chicken wrapped in rice and seaweed.The free salad, edamame, and miso soup is a nice beginning to your meal. Service was cheerful and friendly. Drinks were refilled promptly as needed.I'd love to come here to try their $20 all-you-can-eat deal. One of these days I'll head on over to pig out on their tasty sushi!
3	The happy hour specials are great and the food very passable for inexpensive sushi. The waitresses are one star though. I always tip well and after the subpar service today I may reconsider visiting again. They are rude and not attentive.
2	Proof that quantity doesn't trump quality, no matter how good the deal is.  $20 for all you can eat sushi is an impossible deal to pass up.  But take my advice and spend an extra $10 to $20 somewhere else, eat less, and be happier.The rolls at Mido are infused with much more rice than necessary for the consumer, but just enough that the restaurant saves money on the expensive protein and fills up the customer faster.  The fish is also not every good quality.  Want to avoid the rice?  You can get a massive sashimi starter if you ask.  Don't.  It is the worst pieces of fish I've ever had.  Also mind boggling are the rolls that are on the regular menu that are not on the $20 deal.  Many of them are cheaper than the al a carte orders of what's on the all you can eat menu, but for some reason, they won't let you have these without the up charge.  Probably because they looked tastier than what's actually served.Having said all that, I really wasn't surprised.  What was I expecting when I was paying so little?  But what really got me down was the service.  The staff is friendly, but horribly disorganized.  I was with a group of 11 and we ordered on three separate tickets.  We figured that they would bring our orders on plates that coordinated with those tickets.  We figured wrong.  They brought everything out on big boats with little rhyme or reason as to what was placed on what tray.  With some confusion, we had to ask or just taste in order to figure which roll was what.  We then explained to the server that some in our group had dietary restrictions so it was important for our next round of orders that we got we ordered on the ticket we ordered with, so that someone didn't accidentally eat something they shouldn't.  The server seemed fine with that, but when we made our second order, they once again just made a big mishmash out of it.  Thanks for listening to a simple request.One thing that was pretty fun about Mido was the music and lights that play when there was a birthday.  Once I finally figured out what was going on, it was a lot of fun.  Way better than an annoying birthday song by the staff.
1	If u like real sushi - fresh sashimi-  than this place is not for you. My nigiri and sashimi were not fresh and extremely questionable  quite frankly scary. They could not get my order correct either. I wouldnt feed what they served me to my dog. Serious fail.
5	I've been a sushi lover for years, and this place is the TOPS!!!  The owner and staff are one of a kind friendly, and their sushi is as good of quality as you can get!  Their rolls are huge, they have happy hour pricing on almost the entire menu (5 or 6 days a week) and they always offer all you can eat for like $19.50.  I love this place and would recommend it to anyone!
4	I always end up getting their Mido roll!  Not a big fan of their deep fried stuff.  It always taste like it was left out for awhile or bad oil.  Also like how they serve you miso, salad, and edamame right off the bat.
2	I wish I could give Mido a higher review. I used to like coming here; it has a GREAT value; happy hour all day on weekdays; free miso soup, salad, and edamame with your meal; pretty decent sushi, like the Pancho Roll; and really friendly chefs. I used to really enjoy Mido as a family restaurant with a nice atmosphere.So I took some friends with me the other day when I took a trip down there. Some of friends were guys who love sushi and can eat a LOT, so they got the 20$ all-you-can-eat special (which is a really good deal). It was a disappointing experience. The sushi was very sloppily prepared and the quality of taste was none too great either. This would have been excusable, because for 20$ all you can eat, you can't really expect 5 star sushi every time. However, our biggest complaint was with the service.There's a waitress there, an older Asian woman, who was very abrupt and brusque. Some of our friends arrived a few minutes later then the rest of us, and she took a long time coming back to our table, even though the restaurant was empty. So the rest of us had our appetizers, edamame, soup, and drinks; she came back a few times to see if we were ready to order our sushi but paid no attention to the newcomers who were lacking in drinks or any of the other stuff. Finally, when we were giving her our sushi orders, I politely pointed out that our friends hadn't gotten their drinks yet. She replied rudely, "Yeah, I know, I already know that," and just walked off.Okay, not too big of a deal. So she brings us our stuff and my friends order their first round of all-you-can-eat-sushi. They finish it off and we're given the same ticket that we marked our orders on the first time. My friends thought this would be confusing, so when they were writing down their second orders (on the same ticket that still had our first), they put darkened circles next to the second orders. The waitress took the ticket without looking at it or pausing to confirm and just whisked off.Lo and behold, the order she brought back was the exact same rolls they had ordered the first time, not the ones they wanted to try for their second round. When we told her what had happened, she responded with extreme impatience and annoyance, pretty much just blaming us. Our friends didn't really want to eat the same rolls they had just had, so they asked her what they should do, because they were also hesitant to waste it. She said that we should just eat what we had ordered, so they were forced to eat the exact same rolls a second time.So then they ordered a third time, because there were still rolls they wanted to try and they had paid for all you can eat. When they told our waitress that they were ready to order a third round, she acted as if we were being absurd for wanting more. She was even ruder and more abrupt and snatched the ticket out of our hands. The more sushi we ordered, the more irritated she seemed to get. Are we not supposed to order all you can eat for the all you can eat deal?...Anyway, it was just a really unpleasant experience because of the service. The sushi was just okay, 3 stars at best, but there is a good variety of rolls at Mido that we unfortunately felt unable to try because it was like we were being persecuted for wanting to order more. Every "round" of ordering was only three or four rolls, two per person, so it wasn't like we were just marking up every roll on the list and stuffing our faces and eating the restaurant out of house and home. We never want to go back here, which makes me sad, because I used to really love Mido.
3	I brought my girlfriend here for a date night. I was excited to try this place because of all of the great reviews. It is a nice place. Located in a no name strip mall. We were greeted when we came in and seated where ever we wanted. There were not too many people there yet but it was a little early still. Very nice staff. Very friendly and helpful. All you can eat sushi for $20 is hard to turn down. I never know what rolls to get so my girlfriend made the selections. We got a Vegas roll, a Dragon roll, a Mexican roll and a Philly roll. They came out pretty quick and they were good but a few of them had a carrot in them. I have never had sushi with carrot in it. Never. I have had sushi from a few different places. It almost seemed like they ran out of something and decided to substituted carrot instead. Just as a filler. So it wasn't great but it wasn't bad either. Kind of disappointing after all of the great reviews.I might be talked into going one more time and see if the carrot disappears but if it doesn't then I think I am good with going somewhere else. I have been to better places and sure it might cost more but I would rather pay for quality if that is what I have to do.
2	Don't put huge chunks of carrot in my sushi as filler! That was just the beginning. The sushi all tasted the same. One roll had the same taste as the next, mainly carrot and more carrot. While this would be a fantastic value, the sushi just wasn't fresh, flavorful or memorable at all. Service was ok. All the reviews say it comes with other stuff but ours just came with salad and soup, no appetizer or ice cream. The sake was good but not great, the other times I have had it, they were really smooth and good and this just wasn't. I am by no means an expert or know one sake from another but this was not like the other ones I have had. I wouldn't go back here on purpose. There is a lot better tasting stuff around. We tried about 5 different rolls and a couple sashimi and nothing stood out.
5	I love this place! They have the best sushi! It tastes great and the presentation is awesome! They have happy hour most of the time that consists of half priced sushi rolls, sake specials and all you can eat sushi for $19.99. The sushi chefs are fun and friendly. If it's your birthday, they turn on the disco ball for you. You'll have a great experience and enjoy your meal. We drive forty minutes passing numerous sushi places just to go to Mido.
4	I don't know what the naysayers are going on about!  We had a lovely experience here on a Friday evening.  The place was pretty busy, so we were greeted at the door by a friendly woman, and seated at the Sushi Bar.  Hot towels were carefully tossed to us (as part of the "show").  The friendly Sushi Chef interacted with us right away, and took our first order for the $19.99 All-You-Can-Eat deal.  Salads and Miso Soup were brought and drink orders were taken by waitresses.  Sushi began appearing right away, and kept coming until we were sated. They do use large round pieces of carrot in their rolls, but I believe this is just their style, and not a 'cheat.' I didn't feel there was an inordinate amount of rice in the sushi.  It was all fresh, tasty, and plentiful, without delays reported by others. Service was friendly and efficient.  We'll be back!
4	Happy hour sushi was really good and reasonably priced. Staff was friendly and nice and on top of refilling drinks.We got 4 rolls, edaname, a salad, and 2 drinks for $27.The crazy roll was the best one, with no roll being below average.
4	All-you-can-eat sushi for $19.99 per person--and the sushi is pretty damn good.  I'd give it 4/5 in terms of taste and quality.  Very pleasant and helpful staff.  Nicely-decorated interior.  Yes the other reviews are correct--they do use veggies as "filler."  But for the price and taste you will be very pleased.  We ate so much we didn't have to eat anything else for the rest of the day.  Give them a try!
1	This is my first review and I just had to share my experience at Mido Sushi. First let me point out we went here on Christmas and we wanted to try a new place. Not many places were open for Sushi and online it said they have happy hour from 5-7. We get there at 5:30 and right away they come out with miso soup, some ice burg lettuce in a bowl or sesame seed dressing and cold edamame. Little did I know that the complimentary food was the best tasting item! Server came by and I have a LOT of patience for servers because they don't get paid much and live on tips. We order and she suggests a roll that was 50 cents more than the roll we have ordered at other places. She suggests the crazy roll. We get the crazy roll, two California rolls with masago, salmon sashimi and yellow tail sashimi. The food comes out. The guy that comes to pick up some napkins and straw wrappers literally rubs his crotch up against my bf's arm and says nothing. The server never came to check on us. We had to flag her down and there wasn't busy. The crazy roll was disgusting, there was a lot of wasabi on the sashimi. I never complain but I told the server I couldn't eat the crazy roll and it was horrible ok so she decided to take it off... Thank god because it was $10.50. Oh and did I mention that it WASN'T happy hour today because it Christmas. That's the dumbest thing I have ever heard. Most people don't even go out to eat on Christmas! So we are still hungry and I make the big mistake of ordering something else. I must be a slow learner! I should of just left. So we order the "calamari". When the "calamari" came out of the fryer and the guy from earlier comes out with it and throws it on the table. I about lost my cool but I was now making a joke of this place. I'm looking at this awkward appetizer and my bf and I are looking at it and looking at one another. We say at the same time ...What is that? Did they bring us the wrong order? It looked like 3 fat burnt chicken fingers! And then came with a sauce that tasted like BBQ sauce. What a joke. I have never ever seen calamari in that form! And I'm a sushi junkie I been to a lot of places. I never complain. I watched my bf cut it into pieces like he was slicing up a chicken finger. He attempted to pour salt on it and dip it in soy sauce. He had about 3 bites, brave guy! Later his stomach was hurting. Total charge $33. I had no change so I paid with a $50. She brings my change a $10 bill, $5 bill and a $1. I'm so ready to leave and now I'm sitting there deciding do I leave a $6 tip or a $10 tip. I think fast and leave the $10 tip. It was Xmas and I believe in good karma. I will never go back there or ever refer someone there not even an enemy or my dog. I have no idea how that place is open. The food is horrible and the service is lacking big time. I'll stick to Sakana or I sushi or anywhere else.
3	Now this place was ok. I only eat Vegas rolls and they make there's a bit different then all the other places I been to. They were a bit dry to me but still good. Now for the all u can eat deal they have there might not be the best deal u think. They have happy hour from open till they close Monday thru Thursday I think. ALL DAY......... so I did the math and it was cheap to just get the happy hour price then to pay 20 each person. Now on the weekends that deal makes more sense. Now if u don't eat what u order they will charge u what u didn't eat. That is if u left a whole roll.. I personally would not go again.
2	We were not impressed with this place at all. The sushi had a really "fishy" taste, which if you have had sushi before you know that's not a good thing. It tasted like it'd been sitting out for awhile. The only roll I liked was the vegetable tempura roll, which had no fish in it. Honestly I've been to much better sushi places for much better prices.
1	Note I used to come here alot since i was introduced to it 2 years ago. I brought friends and family here numerous times because we enjoyed good service and half way decent sushi but being AYCE it was one of the better places to go. Do not go here if you are expecting spectacular sushi remember it is AYCE. Just know I have never had an issue with them until yesterday. My family went there for Valentines day and know that they have been here before and loved it. This was one of the most horrible experiences that could have been. None of the cooked food or food that was ordered for the children, came out including the soup. They brought out the Sashimi and all of the cold sushi which was fine but when asked where the cooked food was they refused to make it until all the sushi was finished, and continued to bring out the sushi. When asked again about the rest of the food so the people who didn't like the raw food and kids could eat it ended up with the waitress ended up telling us they would not bring it out and that we were going to be charged for whatever was not finished. Now I understand charging for what was not finished but to just bring out what you are able to get done first and not bringing us the rest of our food is unprofessional and unlike what they have done in the past. After this experience it was decided my family will not come back ever again and I do not plan to bring anyone here for such horrible service. I need to find a new AYCE sushi place with half way decent sushi now. Sad because I really loved coming here and was actually here a month ago with my friend.
5	I've been going to Mido for years. Not sure why it took me so long to write this review but better late than never!I've tried more sushi places than I care to count and Mido is by far the best. They have the best fish in town. Their all you can eat for 20 bucks is very attractive as well. I did find Sunday dinners are the freshest.I always do the all you can eat because I get the sashimi plate. The chefs are great. If you're lucky enough to know the owner (like me!), you'll get all sorts of perks. Sashimi, items not on the menu, experimental items, it's a great perk. The rolls are delicious, sushi is fresh and food ample. Restaurant is clean and servers can be slow when its busy but they are attentive. They used to have high turnover but for the last year or so, they've had consistent staff so good on them!All meals come with edamame, sesame salad and miso soup. If you do all you can eat, they give you ice cream for dessert as well.
3	Oh my dear Pancho, how have I missed you! The day you left Tucson is the day sushi was never the same for me. Luckily I have now moved to the Phoenix metro and can frequent you as often as I like. I still think you have delicious sushi, however I was very disappointed last time I visited your restaurant. I was served a very overcooked Las Vegas roll. The worst part is, you handed me this roll personally! I paid for the food a la carte and did not have an all you can eat! This alone should ensure my food is not overcooked, almost burned. The rest of the nigiri and rolls were good, but I know this place can do way better!
5	All you can eat sushi for $20 never disappoints. The staff knows us by name and even helped facilitate a surprise birthday party with over 50 people in attendance. They are friendly, quick and a favorite spot for a date or with a group! We go at least once a month!
4	I used to come here all the time for dinner with my family. The service is alright, but when they are busy it is understandably slow. They do check up on you when they aren't busy and food comes relatively quickly. First you get complimentary edamame, miso soup and salad, then your order comes shortly after. The baked scallop roll is warm and flavorful, the sashimi is usually fresh and the udon has bouncy noodles. The tempura is crisp and delicious as well. I've also had a wide range of their rolls and they all taste relatively good for sushi in Arizona. The all you can eat is a really good deal since you can get 3 rolls and make it up as it is only $19.99. If two people get it you can get a sashimi plate with a variety of fish. This place is  a very good deal and pretty good sushi for Arizona.
3	I'm upping my review to three stars because they seem to have a new wait staff.
4	A quick update on the saga of my reviews. Last visit was most excellent, good quality, flavor and quality. Just be aware this is your outing for the night, not a quick meal before a show. The staff is nice and the services is good, but boat loads of sushi don't grow on trees it takes time.
5	With the 20 dollar all-you-can-eat sushi? nothing can beat Mido. Every time I come here, I eat toooo much sushi that it would take weeks for me to crave it again. The food overall is very decent. Sashimi can taste fishy at times, but that's no big deal since I eat a lot of fish and know that it's not really the chef's fault, it's the batch of fish that day. But they try to keep things fresh so, that's something.Sushi rolls taste great. Service? As fast as any other Asian restaurants. Sorry if this sounds like a stereotype, but it's true.
2	Mediocre sushi but nothing to rave about. Deep fried rolls taste like the fryer oil hasn't been changed in weeks. Think state fair funnel cake batter clung to whatever roll you usually get. All you can eat sushi for $20 is a good concept but the execution is not great.   Horrible service on an entirely new level. Doubt I'll be back anytime soon.
5	This has to be one of my favorite sushi joints. Mido, why are you so far from me? They do all day happy hour and all you can eat sushi. Their sushi is fresh and delicious. The Philly, Vegas, Mexican, spicy tuna, unagi rolls are the best. And miso, salad, and edamame comes with your sushi at no extra cost. Now I'm craving sushi!! I love you Mido!
1	I eat at sushi restraints all over the nation.  My wife and I try a different place almost every time we go out.   This is by far the worst place we have been.   The service was great but the food is the worst. I swear that they use kipper snacks in some of the rolls.   On a brighter note they have good green tea.
5	$20 unlimited sushi is a steal and if you order enough, you get it served in a boat! Mido soup, edamame and a salad is included as well. The staff is super friendly and they have tv to watch sports.
5	Love love love this plave!! Their all you can eat is affordable and has a Great selection. Also they run their happy hour ALL DAY!  The staff is polite and attentive it's never too crowded and perfect for quick lunch outings.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with how good the sushi was here. I enjoy the lunch specials from time to time and I always make sure to get a rainbow roll when I go. The fish used for the sushi is good quality and has a nice taste. The edamame are good too and taste fresh, not microwaved like at a lot of places. The service is good and they bring you your food in a timely manner. It is a good spot for lunch with friends or for business. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.
3	Great place for your birthday. They provide icecream and lights with a song that plays. I have come her after our regular sushi place closed. The roles are good but average for a sushi place. The servers are nice but you do have to flag them down, often. parking is also full during the weekends. Othere than that, a good place to eat.
5	One of our favorite places to eat sushi.  We come here at least a couple times a month.  It's inexpensive but REALLY delicious.  Try the pancho roll.
5	This is THE BEST PLACE to get your sushi fix! I am so spoiled by the fantastic quality that they provide for such an amazing price. Consider me ruined with regard to any other sushi joint.  $20 for All You Can Eat top notch sushi!  This place is well worth the drive to get there. Meal comes with salad, miso, and ice cream to finish it off (green tea is my favorite).  Be sure to order the sashimi plate prior to your rolls.  You will not regret it. Best cuts of a variety of premium fish all served atop a bed of shredded radish.The staff is very friendly. Be sure to tip your sushi chefs handsomely at the end of your meal. By the time you finish your meal, you will agree that they earned it! This place can get very busy and they do not do reservations. Please plan accordingly! It is well worth the wait. :)They do have happy hour and serve standard dishes if you are not into sushi.
3	Happy Hour sushi at this place is good (although the selection that the half off applies to is small). The real reason why my wife and I come here is for the all you can eat sushi. They give you sashimi up front, a dessert in the end (red bean ice cream), and your choice from a large selection of nigiri and rolls. I love their soft shell crab rolls and shrimp tempura rolls (make sure you tell them to hold the cream cheese).My wife loves their eel and mackerel nigiri, although even though it's all you can eat, they allow only one order of eel per person (super bummer there).Overall a good sushi place to hit up.
5	Came for AYCE- great selection of sushi/rolls/hand rolls. They serve you salad, miso soup and edemame. The fish was fresh and good portions. Sushi chefs are on point! Great service and the girls are super nice- 5 stars!!! Oh and the saki bombs are Bomb.com!!
5	Love this place, food is always good an sushi chief poncho always makes your night great. He is such a character. Great place for a happy date night. Thanks again poncho for the laughs
4	This is my go-to spot for sushi in Arizona. Being a native Californian, Asian American, and mild sushi snob, I have to say that the all-you-can eat here is the best bang for your buck I've seen. For $20 in Cali, you might be able to gain entry into one of those AYCE Asian seafood buffets, where the freshness of the fish is sacrificed in the name of variety. But at Mido, it's all about the fish. I mean, when I'm feeling ambitious I'll enjoy their crispy tempura basket beforehand. And I wouldn't miss the Japanese red bean/green tea/mango ice cream at the end. But the real star of the show is the nigiri. The quality & freshness can waver from visit to visit, but even on a bad day it's pretty good. I tend to like their salmon, hamachi (yellowtail), and white toro (fatty tuna) the best. Their rolls are good too, but I can never bring myself to order them. Maybe because I can hear my Chinese father's voice in my head, telling me to shovel as much of the expensive stuff into my stomach as I can. Still fresh in my memory is the Sunday night when our whole party could've sworn they had just flown the fish in from Japan and delivered it straight to our table. Rich, melt-in-your-mouth goodness that's only ever been topped by my days going to Sasabune in LA with my sugar daddy/foodie friend. Fun and sweet sushi chefs too. One time they heard I would have to drive 1.5 hours back home, and they sent me off with a free Diet Coke!
4	Finding something not to like here is difficult. The atmosphere is pretty typical, the service was prompt, polite and friendly, and the food was fresh and top-notch. Soup, salad, appetizer and all-you-can-eat sushi for $20. This is a must-try. If I absolutely have to find a complaint, it would be that the gyoza seemed to be microwaved. Eat here. You'll be glad you did.
4	All you can eat sushi for $20.  And good sushi at that.  If that doesn't at least make you want to give this place a shot, well, shame on you.  First of all, they bring you a sashimi plate out to start, before you place any sushi orders to get you on your way to sushi heaven.  I'm not a sushi connoisseur, but of all the sushi joints I've been to in the valley, this place, by far, has the best sushi.  The fish is fresh, the rolls made right there by the chefs behind the counter, and they have this amazing green tea ice cream to help you wash down your meal (of course, you can have their mango ice cream or red bean ice cream instead, but I personally love the green tea ice cream).My only complaint is that after the first or second round of sushi, the waitress sometimes seems to make herself scarce, making it a little difficult to put in your next order of sushi.  So be sure to get in most of your sushi orders in the first or second order!
3	Just an OK place.A little pricey, not-that-great service and average taste.The only highlight was the fried rice with beef, I would go back just for that.If you're in the area, it's a fair choice but I wouldn't crave it.Although I heard that their happy hour is pretty good.Cheers
4	Sashimi plate is the best. Hats off to the chef.  He always picks great tasting catch
1	I've never give a bad reviews but their food was so awful. I order Udon soup taste of nothing like just soy sauce
3	1/2 price sushi all day! Sushi happy hour is what they call it. Pretty sweet deal! Not a fan of the soup and salad that is served at the beginning. Ordered spicy tuna, tempura shrimp roll, dragon, and another roll I have since forgotten. Good service. Pretty good sushi.
3	I used to love this place, drove all the way from Phoenix just to have the sushi here, sushi chefs are awesome, the waitresses on the other hand, not so much. They are rude, and they favor people that are like "them" if you know what I mean. Other than that, food is awesome, you get what you pay for
5	Few restaurant owners are worthy of me following them to other cities.  I live in Tucson and came to Phoenix and as a result I had the opportunity to enjoy the way Pancho expertly prepares his dishes.A mere 20$ for all you can eat is a steal and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this establishment as I wish he still had a place in Tucson.
2	An okay place... not on my top 50.  Plus, the "chef" used the same towel the entire time we were there- but rinsed it out in the sink as we were leaving - Humm, question the Health Department A?
4	Still giving this place 4 stars because their sushi is downright amazing, but being a long-standing customer here, I'm still confused about how their all-you-can-eat sushi works.  We stopped by last night, and as an appetizer, we got a small salad and edamame, but no sashimi plate that I had mentioned in my last review.  And we weren't offered ice cream at the end of the meal either.  Also, although it was advertised as $19.99, it's really $21.99.  Not a big deal, but I did scowl slightly at my receipt.  Unlike other days, they were very prompt about getting our second round of sushi, and this, I fully appreciate.  I guess in summary, don't expect anything other than what you order, but if on the off chance you do get a sashimi plate for an appetizer and ice cream for dessert, you're in for a treat.
3	Good food, always crowded but seriously understaffed in the front of the house. If you want good sushi this is the place, consistent service, not so much.
4	This is my to go place for sushi. Although they raised their prices for all you can eat, there are no limitations that comes with it! Their deep fried and special rolls are tasty and savoring. The nigiri rolls are good but I could tell that the ahi was previously frozen and not as fresh as I wanted it to me. Believe me, I'm from hawaii and I know what fresh fish looks and tastes like.Most of the workers are Japanese. They are very welcoming and the chefs at the bar are really funny. However, we did have a server name Brian than was really passive aggressive to our group. Be careful if you have him as a server, he might add a smart/witty remark about your order. Overall I rate them a 4 because of the environment and authenticity. It's really hard to find a japanese restaurant that has japanese people as owners.
2	We went for the unlimited sushi but ended up waiting around for way too long for our food. Just a truly ridiculous amount of time. I felt like the sushi was below average as well. Wouldn't come back.
4	One of the best sushi spots in Tempe/Chandler area. Enjoy their all you can eat sushi special.
5	Mido sushi is one of my favorite places. Fish is always good. Salmon yellowtail tuna white tuna  fish eggs. Soft shell crab tempura plate ice cream service cleanliness. Overall everything is great. Highly recommend mido
4	I've been to Mido twice now trying the All-you-can-eat sushi option as well as the normal a la carte offerings. After trying the AYCE option I think its a decent but pricey option. For $28 including tip you get wave after wave of a wide variety of sushi/nigiri/sashimi options they have as well as hot tea. If you choose this route I recommend the Mido roll and the Dragon rolls as they were ones that stood out from the generic other rolls we tried. Spicy jalapeno yellowtail was disappointing as the yellowtail was a mix of mayo, sriracha, and lackluster fish. The nigiri here was disappointing as well as the ones here are an example of quantity over quality. Do note that you won't be getting some of the better stuff they have when you order from the AYCE model. A la carte I had a better experience as I chose the soba sushi dinner combo. The spicy tuna donburi and soba that I received for around $18 was massive as well as tasty with each entree coming out in one of those giant bowls they use for Pho or Bibimbap. My dining compatriots got the ramen and sushi/unagi and their bowls were just as big. (Though looking at the online menu I can't seem to find this amazing combo of food)Sorta funny that some previous reviewers said this place is an all-japanese restaurant..... Place is full Korean owned lol (Which is why you'll see more fusion rolls and not some of the Japanese staples like the negiyama roll)So yeah decent food that will fill you up and one of the few places in Phoenix that will do AYCE sushi.
5	I really like this place. Its become one of the only places me and my family/friends come to.
4	I love it here! literally the best sushi place I've ever been to. I've been going for about 6 years. they have the greatest sushi at the cheapest prices. they know me by name. the only thing I hate is the costumer service. every time I come I remind them to get me extra eel sauce at least three times before they bring it. we never get our water filled they're very rude and no one understands English. I ask for special requests in my sushi and they are rarely granted. the only reason I come back is for pancho and the amazing sushi he prepares and the great prices. boo costumer service
