4	Salad late at night-No greasy slop for bedtime.Light and refreshing. Okay, so my Haiku skills suck, so next time I'll figure out a creative rap that can take those youtube suckas to the cleaners. In seriousness, a salad (Pecan Apple Chicken Salad) and a small frosty hits the spot  at 1am. Sometimes grease shouldn't be king of the night, but something a bit lighter and easy on the stomach so I can go to bed.
4	Those spicy nuggets hit the spot.  I used to live off of side salads and chicken nuggets when money was tight.  This place still has all my favorite side items for a good price.
4	My Grandson loves it says burgers are bigger and better then other fast food places but I find the price you pay for a meal you could go to a restaurant and get full service for the same price or less.
1	I used to work here as a manager about 20 years ago and boy, has it gone down hill! I remember that when they cook hamburgers, they always have to have a few on the grill, even when it's slow so the customer doesn't have to wait. Once they have been on the grill for awhile, they put it in a holding pan and use it for chili. It has almost a rancid grease smell to it in the pan, but once it is boiled down, it tastes fine and is virtually grease-less. Once it hits that pan, it should never be served.We went about 3:00 in the afternoon and ordered 5 single combos. Three of the five tasted like they took them out of the chili meat pan, the other two tasted ok, although dry. Did they have only two burgers on the grill (and overcooked)? Did they take the other three out of the chili meat holding pan? I guess we will never know for sure. I never complained to the restaurant manager, but did email corporate. I never heard back from them.Avoid fast food, but...AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COST!
1	I hate hate hate doing bad reviews , especially on fast food places. I'mMean , come on its fast food not meant to be great. BUT tonight after my sons practice we stopped by the rancho location and ordered 2 jr cheese burgers one junior bacon and a # one.  I didn't look at the # 1 so no review on that but the rest of the food was horrible ! Fries soggy and cold and the 3 jr burgers might as well been maid the day before. Very hard and dry.
3	To my mind, besides serving very good hamburgers, Wendy's Chili is so excellent and satisfyingly delicious that it is award worthy.  Allowed to simmer for hours, this mixture of nicely seasoned Kidney Beans, Pinto Beans, pieces of tomato, onion, celery, and lean beef drenched in a great kicky sauce is hard to beat.  So much so that I almost never leave a Wendy's without ordering Chili along with a burger and fries.  My square and rather flat quarter-pound burger topped with a single slice of American Cheese, and a fresh tomato slice, lettuce, pickles, and ketchup on a soft bun was quite tasty.  But, alas, the skin-on fries were sort of dead tasting, with no hint of salt.3-1/2 stars overall on my single visit here!
