5	I heard about this place from an old co-worker at Green Valley Ranch, so I decided to give it a shot. If you are a GVR employee, Sandy gave a discount. Remember to ask if this still applies.I went through a stage where I have cut and dyed my hair in every possible manner and color under the sun. I put my trust completely in Sandy's magical hands. With a lion's mane and a personality just as bold, she is a hoot. She is not one of those stylists who rush you in and out, but takes time to assess, ask for what you are going for, and suggest some slight modifications if necessary. If you are in a hurry, I do not suggest this place, because she is meticulous. The staff in this establishment are all friendly and lively. It is a welcoming environment.
5	There is no better nail acrylic stylist in Las Vegas or Henderson than Meghan Tran. She works in Revv Illusions beauty salon which sits in a shopping center on the corner of Pecos and Wigwam. It is on the southwest corner and also houses Rosattis Pizza. It is directly south of the center with CVS.  Meghan is truly such a lovely  and talented stylist who is dependable & reliable ( not easy to find in this town) that I have been coming to her for 10 years. If you want really stylish acrylics or perfect pink & whites do yourself a favor and call 702-301-8161 (her cell) and ask for Meghan Tran.
5	A friend of mine has her nails done here by Megan.  So I decided to try her out!Revv Illusions is located near Pecos and Wigwam.  It's easy to find with plenty of parking.   It's kept very clean with nails and hair done here.  Megan is great! So nice and friendly when she is working in my nails.  She is quick and they turn out great.   Pricing for her services were cheaper than the previous place I was going.   That makes this girl happy! I will not hesitate to become a regular here and recommend Megan for nails.  :-)
5	Sandy is by far the best hair stylist in town. Not only is she amazing with color; she is innovative in style. My hair has never looked better & I cannot imagine ever going to anyone else & you shouldn't either. Plus she is beautiful, happy, and fun to have an appointment with!!!! Check her out at RevvIllusions on Wigwam & Pecos. : )
