1	We have NEVER had a togo order that has been correct from here. EVERI am talking about 9-10 years worth...
1	So I pull into the drive through at 6:35PM 1 car in front of me finishes ordering and I pull up I order the guy barely understood me but he finally got my order. I get to the window and asked him to confirm the order and he said we already did so i politely let him know I had a hard time understanding him (he was white Zach I think) so he finally does then I ask him why the line is moving so slow. Mind you my daughter is sitting in the front seat he starts cusing and saying that he works with a bunch of Fing idiots and crap like that and I tell him that I didn't appreciate his swearing and he's like Oh F you got kids in the car he closes the window. I go to the next window and I get another girl and I make a comment on how long I have been in line and shes like well I don't know hands me everything and walks away. I pull away from the drive through window at 6:50 PM Horrible service and most of the food was wrong order chicken gordita supreme got beef. Ordered soft tacco supreme not tomato all of them had tomato and they told me I had a huge order (5 soft taco supreme's, 2 chx gord sup, and burr box meal) I hate going to this Taco bell always have horrible service.
4	First, I'll admit I'm a die-hard Taco Bell fan... but beyond that, I've always gotten great service from this location. They're always nice to me in the drive-thru and their service is usually quite fast. I recommend it all the time.
5	This location must be under new management. I go more often then I should, my son loves the DLC Tacos, and every time we drive thru. The customer service is outstanding! They are so friendly and always make sure my order is correct, which it always is. I have not had a bad experience there aside from some of the questionable customers that show up. This is the only Taco Bell I love to go to.
5	I have to agree, maybe new management...but order was 100% correct, man at window was very nice. Why would anyone keep going back for years, if it is so bad?? I hope they get some more high stars to help their overall rating.  We will definately be back.
