5	I don't typically write Yelp reviews because nothing stands out enough to be worthy of note.  Vegas inside players stands out. You can't beat the price or service.  These guys don't rip you off and they do what they say. Living in the bay area, when my friends and I go out we typically play it by ear. When you go out in Vegas, you don't want to roll that way. I've stood in lines at clubs and bars and it's no joke. I prefer to have a night planned to avoid all that.  You let Joey and his guys quote you and split the costs between your group. No brainer. I will be referring all my friends
5	Vegas Inside Players nos organizo  un viaje a Inglaterra, Escosia, Gales y Irlanda.Somos 2 parejas mayores  de edad.  Todo fue planeado y explicado con paciencia.  Arreglamos todo por telefono y la experiencia fue muy agradable.  Todas las reservaciones fueron enviadas con puntualidad. No nos tuvimos que preocupar de nada.  Los traslados de aviones, los hotels y excursions, todo funciono sin problemas.  A nuestra edad eso es muy importante.  Nunca escribo comentarios, pero esta es una excepcion. BUEN TRABAJO VIP.
5	I've used Vegas Inside Players twice now. They really worked so hard for me to make my events go perfect. The first time was for my birthday...and I meant to write a review then but time got away from me, so I'm making up for it now...Here's how my birthday went...my friends and I were picked up in a GORGEOUS hummer limo (l didn't know the limo was going to be so nice otherwise I think I would have scheduled a strip tour - oh well, next time) We were then  walked into Tao Nightclub where bottle service was set up for us. It was so nice not to have to battle the lines. The host really seemed to have a good relationship with the door guy and we got in pretty quickly. If you hate lines like I do (and the lines for the nightclubs in Vegas can be terrible!) hiring a host to walk you in is soooo worth the money. So here's my more recent experience and I have to say I was just as happy with Vegas Inside Players this time around as the first time. I had friends in from Chicago (some had never been to Vegas) so I really wanted to show them a good time. First we were set up for dinner at Sushi Samba at the Palazzo...YUM! (Great place if you love sushi.) then we had a limo pick us up and bring us to Marquee. We had a smaller budget this time so no bottle service (boo hoo!) but I talked everyone into getting a host to walk us in. My friends were skeptical at first but once they saw the lines and then how much quicker we got in then everyone else they were all agreeing it was a good call. We had a total blast at Marquee, everyone had such a good time and was impressed with our VIP host. Thanks Vegas Inside Players. I will definitely be calling you again!
5	Just want to say thanks to Rudy for making our night out unforgettable! He helped out in planning our entire night and made sure everything went off without any issues! We felt like celebrities! We will definitely be using VIP again! The limo was one of the nicest ones I've been in while living in Las Vegas! We were treated like royalty at the club and had the best night out ever! Thanks again for making everything perfect! You guys ROCK!!!
5	This is the Real Deal we had a great time in Vegas thanks to Chris putting us on the VIP list for the clubs & free drinks even better because if you're like me & like to party it gets crazy expensive!! We went to roof top clubs took great pictures and had an awesome time. Will definitely use them again.   Can't wait to go back to Vegas!!!
