4	This is in the old Mr. Taco spot in the strip behind BoJangles on South Tryon.Went in to try it out during "The Great Blizzard of 2/16/13". Got Kung Pao chicken and some egg drop soup.Food was good, although the Kung Pao could have been spicier. Staff was exceptionally friendly.Only complaint is the same as I had with Mr Taco before it closed: 10000 watts of lighting and utilitarian furnishings are not the atmosphere I look for in a restaurant. That was one reason we quit going to Mr Taco. Hope these guys learn and do better.That said, we needed a good Chinese take-out joint closer to home. If they can keep up the good work, we'll be regulars.
4	The portions are pretty large and the food is on the up and up... I ordered the Kung Pao chicken with no water chestnuts, extra spicy... They didn't skimp on the spice (which I loved), but the chicken was the sliced kind instead of chunks, so that was kind of meh... That's just a personal preference of mine, though... The flavor was good, though, so that made up for it... The Kung Pao chicken comes with broccoli, carrots and mushrooms (also, those pesky water chestnuts, if you like them)... A dynamite combo... The fried rice seemed to have few additions to it, but it was still an agreeable companion... I rarely eat all of the egg rolls at Chinese places because they're so greasy, but this one was crisp without the accompanying oil sidecar... They deliver with a $15 minimum, if you're within their area as well, so it's worth a check...  I'll be back the next time I get a craving...
4	Of all the Chinese I've had out here in suburbia, this place is the best by far. If you're going to eat there, the decor is rather simple... it's nice and clean for sure.... but generally when I order Chinese it's takeout anyway.Spring rolls and potstickers are top notch - pot stickers have the option of steamed or fried, which is nice (I prefer them steamed).All the main courses we've ordered from here have been awesome - no complaints at all. The people working there seem super nice too.Best Chinese in SW Charlotte for sure.
1	This is the kind of place where you walk inside and get the feeling that you should turn back around and find some other place to eat.  Unfortunately my coworker did not seem to mind the cafeteria-style food layout along with the 50 degree temperature (i.e. no heat on) on a January afternoon.  This is by far the worst Chinese food I've had in years.  The lunch special consists of cafeteria style selections that are anything but fresh.  Two of my three selections were obviously leftovers from the previous day as they were dried out and crusty with no taste.This place SUCKS.
