5	I loved the Frost in Gilbert while I lived there for a year, but I've been struggling to find a new gelato place since I moved to the Scottsdale area 4 months ago. This will once again be the ONLY gelato place I go to. The staff was wonderful and the gelato is heavenly!
5	I don't have much of a sweet tooth, and prefer to have ice cream over gelato or sorbet. But this place is pretty damned good. They have so many flavors and don't mind if you take your time trying out as many as you'd like. I was overwhelmed by the array of options. Service was wonderful for their first day. My friends and I were sitting outside after our order. Staff even came out to offer us water and more samples of their gelato. What kind of dessert place does that? FROST does. And it helps that portion sizes are pretty generous.
5	Yum!! Service is great,  staff is very helpful.  A wide variety of flavors.  This place took over the spot of Mojo, it feels more open even in the small space.  You have to try it out!
5	The gelato here is plain delicious---I would schlep 40 miles to the one In Gilbert to get some of this creamy deliciousness, so naturally I was thrilled when Frost opened at the Biltmore.  Speaking from experience, you won't leave with the same heavy feeling eating a bowl of regular ice cream will sometimes give you. You can also sample as many flavors as you want! I went with the straciatella and gianduja. If you like Nutella try the gianduja. Rich and delicious. I did have a little trouble finding it...it's facing Camelback and is next to True Food.FYI...they don't have a public restroom.
5	My first FROST experience was yesterday during a mid day shopping experience.  Perfect day to have a refreshing treat to help beat the heat. I'm a huge fan of Gelato Spot matter of fact that is the only Gelato I like. Tempted to try something new I'm glad I did. The flavoring off all the flavors I sampled were amazing. Tempting to only want to try them all based on all the delightful colors neatly displayed it is hard to resist. I settled on my favorite Raspberry. I was offered a free regular cone topped with a small wafer cookie. It hit the spot. They do also offer freshly made in house waffle cones to purchase.The staff was a great crew. All smiles and friendly the moment you walked through the door. I was even asked if I wanted some water while sitting down enjoying my new favorite treat. You can dine in or outside the establishment.
5	Love Frost in Gilbert. Almost fainted when I found out Frost opened a location in the Biltmore which is MUCH closer to me.The Biltmore can be a pain to walk around when it's 110+ outside, so if you're only there to grab a scoop and go, it's located off Camelback a few stores from Zinburger.Texture is so creamy and smooth. Flavors are so delicious. I always love stracciatella, but amaretto and panna cotta are also great. Cappuccino and salted caramel are also fantastic. Strawberry sorbetto and kiwi sorbetto are delish and good for the days I'm feeling calorie conscious.I like that the people working there walk around offering glasses of water and additional samples. It just makes the entire experience all the more fun.
4	I went into this space when it was Mojo's. It's completely reformed. It's very airy and inviting. The staff is way friendly and knowledgable of their offerings. Whatever flavor you thought you wanted prior to entering would definitely change once you start sampling their many flavors. Staff even brings around water if you are eating inside/outside. Prices are reasonable too!!! I'm a fan. :-)
5	Go here NOW. Beyond beautiful presentation. The flavors are plentiful and diverse. The pricing is spot on and fair. Absolutely a must stop if you are in a 20 mile radius. The shop is clean and trendy. 10 stars would be appropriate.
5	Delicious! They will let you try every flavor if you wanted without reserve. They have a vast array of tasty flavors to choose from. This will surely be a place we frequent often.
5	This will definitely be my go to when I'm in the area. Frost gelato was fresh and delicious.  Right when I walked in, I was greeted immediately by the nicest young ladies.  Amanda was a sweetheart and extremely helpful with letting me sample flavors and telling me which ones were her favorites.  She was so polite and personable, I was sure to leave her and the other girl a tip.  The ambiance is bright and clean.  I'll be back soon! Thanks again Amanda for your outstanding customer service!!
5	This is the ONLY place in the valley to get gelato!! I have been to both their locations and both are good,clean and the quality and taste are the best. When you go please don't eat the Salted Carmel because if I go and can't get any there will be a hostage situation. They have plenty of other flavors for you newbies and non- regulars. Mmmmm Frost!!!!
5	Just went here for the first time, Jake helped us out. It was the best service I have ever had at an ice cream parlor or gelato spot! They gave us amazing recommendations. We sat outside and they brought us cold waters and extra cookies! Thank you Frost & Jake! I recommend this place to all my friends and family!
5	OMG!!!!Come here it's amazing and the staff is incredible and so helpful!  Not your typical ice cream joint.
5	Italiano gelato, crafted by master gelato chefs, is presented here in thoughtfully designed frozen amalgams like their popular salted caramel.Traditional flavors such as stracciatella, amaretto, and limoncello are available here and taste of my childhood visits to local gelaterias in europe.  Even the amaretto gelato was decorated with a crisp amaretto cookie, like I remember.One gets a sense that there is a chef at work here, exploring a titillating array of flavor combinations such as peaches and champagne, honey and lavender, and pears and riesling.If gelato and sorbetto are not your ideal, try an "affogato" which is espresso poured over your choice of gelato, or try a gelato shake, latte,or sorbettini.The dark chocolate covered bon bons are also sinfully excellent and can be purchased as gifts in boxes.watch videos of how your gelato is made while you enjoy your treats, experience a taste of italia.
5	Amazing gelato and super friendly staff.  Great place to go... What more can you ask?
5	The place is SUPER bright white....  Like a toothpaste commercial where you see the shimmer clean shine.  LOL!  The staff is SO SUPER AWESOME...  They have patience and they are very knowledgeable of the product.  I got three flavors:  coconut, roasted almond, and chocolate with hazelnut....  The gelato is perfect, not too sweet and packed with flavors.We were sitting outside and the staff would come out with cups of ice water.  She came out x2 when were we there.  SO nice.  Remember to tip these guys!!!
5	Delicious! We visited this location for the first time this weekend and we were impressed by the selection and the presentation. There were all of the traditional flavors you would expect with a number of unique flavors - the Seal Salt Caramel is apparently their most popular. The helpful staff offered "as many samples as you'd like" and made recommendations. They were patient and friendly. The gelato was some of the best I've ever had. My kids enjoyed their bubble gum gelato, complete with two pieces of bubble gum. We also had a mint chocolate chip and peanut butter chocolate - both of which were great. Despite the location, the gelato is priced competitively with other gelato shops in the area.The only downside was the parking situation at the Biltmore Fashion Park - you have to take a parking token that you get validated by making a purchase in the Fashion Park. Not a huge deal and pretty consistent with other upscale shopping establishments. Certainly not enough to deter me from returning when in the area!
5	This is one of those places that I'm sort of glad is a little ways from our house. Otherwise we'd be here too often. We stopped in on a whim and were blown away by just the presentation of the gelato. The fruit flavors were especially beautifully done. The employees were extremely friendly and happily let us try sample after sample and answered questions about the ingredients (the espresso gelato is made with decaf btw). Hubs and I ended up splitting the berry and cabernet, and it was delicious. Lots of berry flavor with just a hint of the red wine. Price were about what you'd expect to pay at Coldstone and the serving sizes were generous. Eating with a tiny spoon helps you to savor it more too. :) Overall, delicious. We will definitely be back when we're in the area.
4	Good gelato, but not quite as good as the Gelato Spot!  We stopped in today and the staff was super welcoming and friendly.  I tried the strawberries and champagne and really liked it.  Great treat when visiting the Biltmore shopping center!
5	Friendly staff and many awesome choices is what makes this the ideal place to beat the Phoenix heat!  Prices are reasonable too!
5	Best gelato spot.... Walked in and got outstanding service, offered tons of tasting samples and suggestions. My #1 spot I will tell everyone I know this is the only place to get fresh, homemade, tasty gelato!!
4	I stopped here for a business meeting with a few colleagues and had an incredible experience! Not only did I enjoy 10 to 15 different free samples before I made my selection, I got hooked up with a candy bar shoved into my gelato just by asking. My colleagues and I then went outside to enjoy our gelato, and decided to hang out and enjoy the weather for a little while. After about 15 minutes one of the employees came outside and actually brought us water just because we were sitting there!!Not to mention the gelato was amazing!!!!!The only reason why I'm not reading this place five stars is because they don't have a bathroom.
5	What can I say, DELICIOUS gelato! And the presentation, phenomenal! Friendly staff, prestine place with a cool nouveau design. Great for a quick out of the heat, experience. Thanks! I hope you come to San Diego.
5	The display and design of the store is perfect. More importantly, the gelato was bomb! They gave me a sample of the Salted Carmel and "Game Over"! I didn't want to sample anything else, I just want more Salted Carmel in my mouth! Service couldn't have been any better. The whole experience was perfect and I don't care to go anywhere else for gelato.
5	On the expensive side? ($5 for two scoops) Yes. Worth it? Yes. Frost Gelato...when it first appeared at my local Biltmorium...I wasn't amazed and excited as if a chocolate factory or Suns practice court was introduced. By that I mean, a gelato stand isn't very exciting. But I tell you what...after experiencing Frost several times over the past few months, I gotta say, it's a quality experience.The staff is trained extremely well and customer service is top flight, dog. They even add the Italian-ish touch of saying "Buona sera" when you enter the shop (at night at least). Nice touch. Reminds me of Fatburger; how the employees sing "FATBURGER" when you order a...well, Fatburger. Simple, yes. But little things like that add to the experience. Sue me, I like the details. And I like feeling as if the store is run by people who want to be there and care about what they're doing.Is this true gelato? I honestly can't tell. It pretty much tastes like ice cream to me, and it tastes like GOOD ice cream, so no complaints as to what exactly this frozen treat really is. In our area, The Gelato Spot next to Hava Java at 32nd and Camelback used to be the place to go. But really, over the past couple years, the service and quality at Gelato Spot has been slippin and slidin to the point we won't even go there anymore.So along comes Frost in our neighborhood...with great service, delicious "gelice cream", interesting flavors and an always changing menu (last time we tried "toasted marshmallow" and "hazelnut chocolate"), easy peasy parking all around the store, nice outdoor seating that is always clean and wiped-down. ***AND the staff comes around with samples and water cups. BA-ZOOM that's good stuff!***Brother, there is no contest...for frozen dessert in our neighborhood, Frost is where we will be spending our hard-earned cash.
5	If you have a sweet tooth but don't feel like eating a 600+ calorie ice cream dessert,  you've got to check out Frost!  It's delicious, creamy,  and satisfies a sweet tooth for a minimal amount of calories.  My fave is the Italian Cookies & Cream one!  :)
5	The workers here are ridiculously nice.  They're perfectly happy to let you sample three, four, or five different gelato flavors!  They're very personable and conversational too.I've ordered the peppermint (candy cane) flavor and the mint cookies and cream.  My first time here they even gave my mint gelato cup some of the delectable "garnish" cookies that were sprinkled on top of the gelato and made it look wonderful.  No special garnish the second time, sadly.Go for a hand-packed pint for a morecost-effective treat.As always, free parking at the back of the Biltmore!
