4	This studio has undergone some wonderful "sprucing" up since changing owners and linking together with the PV studio! New paint and carpeting in the hot room, a larger womens' locker room and an updated lobby with additional retail. This studio is small to begin with, so there isn't much room to expand, but it seems they've made better use of space with what they have. There is still only one shower in the women's locker room-but now an additional bathroom, mirrors, and hooks/shelves to store your stuff. One of the coolest things is the new water bottle filtered fountain! Yay for refillable bottles and eliminating extra plastic!!I love that students can go to either studio (Old Town or PV) and take advantage of all those class times. The re-vamped schedule is lookin' good too! Nice work!!
5	The studio is very clean with a friendly staff, even in the class. I like the red stripes going across the studio floor so that people know where and how to line up. Also, the instructors remind everyone of yoga etiquette such as staggering in front of the mirrors so that everyone can see themselves. The instructor in my first class gave me helpful tips after class, which will help me improve my practice.
5	As a newer student, I have reallyed enjoyed my experience at the Bikram Yoga AZ - Old Town studio.  Since the recent remodel, the studio is noticably cleaner with the addition of new carpet, paint, fixtures and front desk.  The studio entrance also displays a great floor-to-ceiling retail section with the latest yoga apparel and merchandise!  The locker rooms have also been updated with plenty of room - this is a big plus for the students since the remodel.  The staff welcomes everyone with a smile and they take the time to learn the students names in order to create a comfortable environment.  I love the atmosphere created by the teachers in the yoga room - they keep a great balance that emphasizes the focus that is needed during the practice while having fun doing it!    By being a member of Old Town, it's a bonus to be able to practice at the Paradise Valley location as well.  I really enjoy the when the two studios work together for fun yoga events (Glow - Ga, Beach Party Yoga, Halloween Yoga, etc).  This place is the new hidden gem of Old Town!!
4	I am a really big fan of this Bikram studio.  I have to say they do a really good job of making everyone feel invited and comfortable.  I actually found the studio to be spacious but they may be because I have not been there when it is incredibly packed.  I also had never been there prior to the remodel.Teachers all learn your name when you walk in and they use it in class.  I LOVE this touch, makes me feel welcomed and I appreciate my name being used to assist me in correcting form and showing me modifications.I really feel as the teacher is very engaged with the students taking the time to walk around, correct, give kudos and be there if needed.  Savasana is never rushed at the end.  They have staggered the classes to allow enough time.  I will say that I have never considered really practicing yoga until I came here.Locker rooms are small but they work with the space and I feel comfortable leaving my items in the locker room, if they have run out of lockers.  There is only one shower, however not many people use it post workout and those that do are quick quick, so you may wait 5 mins tops.Overall, I am a fan and will continue to be a patron of this studio
5	I've finally found my yoga studio!!! Went to the 4:30pm class taught by Mark, which I highly recommend!!! The entire staff was friendly and approachable and we're welcoming to both new and seasoned students. Mark was knowledgeable, offered the right amount of coaching to make the practice challenging yet supportive for students of ALL abilities! The entire facility is clean. Lockers have locks available (but bring your own for busy classes just in case). After class I found out that other students were incredibly nice and friendly. New students also get a discount on great mats, bottles, clothes, etc for the first week. I almost don't want to write a review to keep this studio's class size down. Love it!!!
