5	A store with a fresh new outlook on skincare! That is exactly how to describe Citrine! While exploring the new UNION in Biltmore Fashion Park, I stumbled across Citrine which is one of the 18 local shops within UNION. At first I didn't go in because they were all skincare products and I wasn't technically in the market to replenish, but then I decided to check it out. Boy am I glad I did! First off, the shop owner Melissa is very sweet and offers an educational outlook on the way to approach skincare. She used to work for Bobbi Brown Corporate so she is also very good at makeup! The store itself has a variety of different skincare products, including my favorite smelling brand, Kai! Melissa was welcoming and made me feel comfortable enough to talk to her about my skin which allowed her to walk me through some new regimes to try out. I ended up leaving with an exfoliater and eye cream from Ren as well as some delicious smelling body spray from Kai. I plan on returning to purchase more of the Ren products and I might also give the makeup counter a shot as well! I also noticed that you can make your own perfumes by picking out different scents to mix together. I think this would be a perfect holiday gift for friends or family! You could even give them a gift card so they can visit and mix their own so you don't have to figure out their scents!
5	Citrine is a beautiful store! I love coming in and seeing what is new in the natural beauty world. Owner Melissa makes you feel at home, she is also very knowledgable about the products. I will definitely be coming back!
5	Love the owner, product lines and custom blended perfumes!My skin and make up and scent routines are much improved thanks to Melissa. You must stop in!!
5	Citrine beauty bar will make you feel like a super starLocated inside the Union, it's a healthy sort of beauty bazaarFree from harmful chemicals, your skin will go so far!Lookin' like an famous A-List celebrity movie starUpgrade your cosmetic shelfWith natural products for yourselfSweet and upbeatThe staff are knowledgeable with free makeovers as their special treats"go ahead and take a seat, we'll make you feel complete"Got me lookin' finger-lickin' good(got the BF in constant wood).
5	The girls are very knowledgable! I had an amazing time at my consultation. Definitely ask for Jen when you walk in!
5	I love Citrine! The staff is very knowledgeable and really helped me out with my skincare and makeup routine. They really helped to simplify my life and my skin is looking better than it ever has. I have now switched all my products over to organic and natural and I'm loving it. Thank you for Citrine for making a difference and having your clients health and beauty in mind.  I will return soon.
5	This store has been a dream come true, although my wallet might beg to disagree, haha! No, but seriously, the products that Citrine sells are worth every penny. I first came into Citrine in the beginning of a, I guess what one might call a 'skin cleanse' looking for relief.  I had just started to remove chemicals from my skin care regiment that were affecting my health. The result was an all out purge of toxins in the form of horrific acne! So I came in desperate to find natural products for extremely sensitive skin. And, yes, as you might guess, I found them!First of all, the girls that work at this shop are amazing. You feel like you are visiting your friends when you come in. They remembered my name from my second visit and on, so service is top notch! All the girls have so far been very helpful in my case, from the start they recommended that I use Jane Iridale, which, not only looks amazing on skin, but is AWESOME for anyone with major skin issues/sensitivities. Since then, my skin has vastly improved and I've actually  begun using the Kjier Wies makeup, which looks fabulous on and is an easier process to put on than the Jane Iridale. I was actually nervous about switching tho (considering what I've been talking about this whole time) because this make up really only works with oil underneath. They recommended the Rose Oil by Ren, which has actually turned out to be great on my skin. (They let me sample it first, which was very helpful, they actually give samples of pretty much everything) I did have a few very small whiteheads come out at first, but I think that was my skin balancing out, because now it's perfect, and more smooth than ever (i'm a 31 year old with a few acne scars....rather, now I HAD a few acne scars) Anyways, all of the products have been top notch and have really helped me on my detoxing journey. I know I've said a lot already, but I just have to mention how in love I am with the shampoo, Rahua, that they sell. I love that I finally found a shampoo that works great without coating my locks in endocrine disrupting SLS. My Favorite is the regular shampoo and conditioner (not the voluminous one) I've tried both and I like the original, despite the strong scent of Palo Santo, but I've actually really come to like the smell (kinda spa like!) My hair is a lot shinier with a lot less split ends since using it. I find I only need to wash my hair twice a week with this shampoo and conditioner, and I generally have more oily hair. So the small bottles do go a long way. Enough! I could talk all day about Citrine, now it's your turn to go and see how great it is for yourself!
5	I was skeptical of the products, at first, simply because of the higher price point. The employees here are keen to that and are more than willing to dole out samples to ensure customers are  100% ready to purchase exactly what they need.After giving my regimen a makeover: substituting all my old products from products purchased here; I will never shop anywhere else. The quality of all of the products are unmatched and the staff is friendly and welcoming. One employee has made a point to get to know me and recognizes me each time a visit. Plus, there's no better notion than supporting local business!Highly recommended.
