5	I grew up in California loving Taco Bell. Sure I knew it wasn't real Mexican food, but I loved my steak supreme chalupas nonetheless. Fast forward 15 years or so to Champaign. College student me, with no car, had hankerings for Mexican food during the day or late night. Options? La Bamba's "burritos as big as your head and later on Chipotle (yea I know, another bastardization, but still crazy delicious).Oh, let me just make a point of it to say, I don't care how drunk you are, La Bamba's is one of those terrible life choices you can ACTUALLY regret -- my friend ate an entire burrito, walked outside, and threw up a burrito as big as his head.On to Burrito King. As the name implies, the ethnic owners clearly were not wearing their creativity caps, and were also misinformed on the lameness of copying the name of some big American fast food chain like so many other restaurants have done, e.g. Pho King, Egg Roll King, Gyro King, etc. etc.But the food? Absolutely fan-fcking-tastic. To start off with, I came in around 4 p.m. on a weekend so nobody was dining. The wait staff promptly set me up with a heaping pile of homemade nachos and salsaI had the pork tamales covered in a creamy white cheese sauce and chorizo all over. They came with a side of rice and beans, delicious. Please PLEASE try the homemade habanero hot sauce. I only wish they would sell me some, although they did get a to-go sauce cup for me to sip on later ;]The menu has scores of authentic Mexican dishes, including some run-of-the-mill options, but you'll find it all incredibly fresh and well made.Prices are cheap enough to make any future stop in La Bamba seem like heresy now.I wish Burrito King had come sooner when I was actually at UIUC, but learn from my mistakes and go check it out!
4	My boyfriend has been raving about this place and that it's possibly better than Dos Reales.  Uh. Burrito King? Yes, the name is terrible and it sounds really shady but I wanted to see for myself. I have to agree with the previous review. The menu at Burrito King is very similar to Dos Reales, and they have same drill of greeting you, taking your order, and throwing some chips and salsa at your face... lovely. I thought the place wasn't too bad. It was a little cramp but hey, it's Green Street. I thought the mexican rice was flavorful... I didn't really touch the beans but my chicken chimichangas were pretty tasty. Maybe it's because it's a deep fried burrito. I mean,  anything soaked in fat is tasty. Anyways, I wouldn't mind going to Burrito King again. Plus it's a nice walk from campus.
5	This restaurant is a refreshing step up from the typical Champaign Mexican experience.  I've eaten at BK three times and consistently was impressed with how fresh and tasty the ingredients were.  The chips and salsa are very good, and each dish has had a great grilled taste.  None of that fast slop whipped together in 2 minutes.  Highly recommended for lunch or dinner.
4	I am so happy this place delivers! Their chips and salsa are delicious, my friend ordered the steak fajitas and I ordered the enchiladas. They were very generous with the amount of meat they give with the fajitas, for only $10 it was a very good deal and it was very tasty! My enchiladas were o.k. but I wasn't expecting them to be anything spectacular. A lot of Mexican restaurants here don't use real cheese and thats a big pet peeve of mine. They were like Dos Reales enchiladas. So now that the Dos Reales on University is closed (the new place is still good, but a little more expensive, and they charge you for extra tortillas, and they only give you two, wtf!!!!),give Burrito King a try, they're good, cheap, close to campus and they deliver!
5	Really excellent Mexican food, far superior to the other fare on Green St. The name makes it sound like an Americanized fast food place but it's actually more of a restaurant than Taco Bell type place, you can sit down and have a decent dinner. The service is extremely fast and prices pretty reasonable, considering most items are large and come with sides. Even the chips they give you while you're waiting and pretty good. I had the fajita burrito and it came drenched in cheese, with sour cream and guacamole on the side, you can't go wrong with that.
4	Pretty good food overall. Definitely a lot of food to go through. The steak is really soft and moist and really has some strong flavor. The ground beef is very juicy as well. FYI: free chips and salsa for all you people with the munchies. The wait-staff is very friendly, but there is a bit of a language barrier (our waiter came back three separate times trying to remember our order, and we only had a group of three).
4	Ate here on a Saturday night around 7 PM so it was pretty busy.  Started off with their free chips and salsa which was some of the best that I've ever had in my life.  The only problem our group had was when we found some dead mosquitoes in the bottom of the chips basket. But, after we ordered another helping 'easy on the bugs' that seemed to take care of that problem.  Would have probably grossed out some people, but were in college, and were broke, and it's free, so what can ya do? The food was good and cheap with a pretty generous serving and the staff was friendly and attentive. Bottom line: Good Mexican food if you don't want to make the trip out to Dos Reales on Prospect, but if you have a car, that trip is worth it every time.
2	I have sort of mixed feelings about this place.  I feel like the meal could have been great, but when I went, it was pretty terrible.   I don't like Mexican food to begin with, but I usually can be decently happy with meals elsewhere at the other Mexican joints like El Toro or Dos Reales.Pros:- cheap- open to 3AM- large menu- great chips and salsaCons:- workers didn't understand english well at all.  Had really difficult time ordering- Food came out wrong, for all of our entrees.  I had ordered a chicken entree.  I hate cheese on my dishes and the entree's description did not list cheese, yet it came out smothered in cheese.  To be honest, the cheese was what ruined my meal.  It was extremely salty and i hated the taste of it.  I also asked for no beans, but I got them too.  The other entrees had similar issues.- Way to salty.  Mostly the cheese sauce they use.  Disgustingly salty. - really tiny inside, only 10 or so tables.  Huge line in store of people waiting to sit down.  We originally were going to eat in, but had to order to go.... but a table opened up while we were waiting after about 15 minutes.All and all, I felt the meal could have been really good, but really this place gets the low rating because of the bad service.  Had our entrees come out right, this could have been a totally different review.  They didn't though, they came out very wrong, and I felt asking the workers to replace the error would have not gotten correctly communicated anyway due to their lack of English. I probably just hit it on a really bad day, but I won't be going again.
5	I'm from California and Burrito King is one of my favorite Mexican-style restaurants! Their large chips appetizers and burritos are the best. The people working there are also very nice people. Overall: the price is affordable, chips are free, and they're open until 3 am!
4	What a treat! I ordered the Burrito Prince for $5.99 with spicy pork, and it was so authentic. There were even those little bits of pineapple in the pork like they make it in Mexico. I also tried my friend's Carnitas Burrito Prince and think that was my favorite of the two. Plus, the burrito was HUGE and came "wet." The chips were light and fluffy and obviously homemade, and the salsas were delicious. I have been stuffed since lunch today and don't think I have room for dinner. Honestly, I can't imagine how large the Burrito King is, you would have to be a very large person to eat it I think (and I have a BIG appetite!). I really want to try the other dishes on the menu because they have a lot more than just burritos. They also deliver it turns out, so I will likely be eating a lot of food from this restaurant.
3	Servers are very polite but chips are stale, salsa has great taste though. Carnitas are very tender and portions are suitable. Place is kind of small and cramped.
5	This restaurant is ALWAYS a good call. You hear me? ALWAYS. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. The price and quality of the food just can't be beat. The free chips and salsa are phenomenal, and there is always soccer on TV.
2	Greasy food, and even if you tell them to hold the cheese they slather on the disgusting cheese sauce.  Maize is much better.
2	No thanks.Normally I try to go to a place a couple times before writing a review, but I don't want to go back.I was feeling sick today (a wintery day after the students have left for the semester) and went looking for comfort food.  Spicy food seemed like it'd be good for congestion, and I hadn't tried Torticas.  Well, Torticas was closed, so I continued down Green Street to Burrito King.  I remembered how the reviews were kind of mixed here on Yelp - either really high or really low - and decided to check it out.The good: The server was quick and polite, and I had horchata right away.  And a basket of chips, which were the best part of the meal.  The prices are pretty much in line with a campus place, maybe a bit cheaper than some..The rest: I tried to order a torta but I guess they didn't have any.  I ordered the fajita burrito instead, because it's in the name and since I didn't see anything about cheese sauce in the description.Comes out with cheese sauce.  Smells kinda strange - almost like plastic?  The veggies just taste weird and are not crisp at all.  The meat is chewy and also has that weird taste that reminds me of plastic or chemicals.  Cheese sauce is really no good - salty but not much else in terms of flavor.  I ate about a third of it, trying to make sure I didn't just get a bad bite or something, but it tasted strange and unappealing.  Other than the weird flavor, it was pretty bland - and no hot sauce on the table at all, which is weird for a Mexican restaurant.I like Taco Bell (sometimes) so the food smelling like chemicals isn't always even a deal-breaker.  However, I also like Mas Amigos and Taco Loco for their cilantro and onion tacos and spicy flavors - and would definitely recommend them, or even Taco Bell, over Burrito King.  If you like food like Mas Amigos and do not want the most midwesternized Mexican I've had, then don't go here.
3	This is one of my go-to delivery choices in Champaign. I order from them a lot and my experiences have been a little mixed but for the most part yum-yum-yum satisfaction.Pros:- Most of the food I've ordered from them has been super delicious. Can't speak to authenticity but I sure can speak to how much I enjoy putting it in my mouth. Especially like the chile relleno, the tamales, the salsa*, and anything involving the cheese or ranchero sauces.- Good beverage options. Love the horchata.- Really reasonable prices. For most menu items, the portion sizes are quite large.- Service is really friendly, which matters to me, even if they aren't always perfect.- Open late.Cons:- Sometimes the tortillas on my enchiladas are not very good, kind of stiff and dry. Not sure if they are stale as another reviewer suggested, or overcooked, or if it is something to do with sitting around in the to-go container for too long. The shredded beef and chicken are also not quite up to par with the rest of their food.- Have had occasional issues with service -- communication difficulties, missing complimentary salsa, a weird Campusfood.com-related snafu, trouble finding my easy-to-locate apartment door. All pretty minor and rare though.A note on delivery: all delivery orders come with complimentary chips and salsa, but you get a ton of chips and only a little bit of salsa. You can order extra salsa as a side, though, as well as the cheese sauce. Those two mixed together = heaven.* It's very cilantro-heavy, which I LOVE but I know there are some genetic mutants out there who taste cilantro differently. If you are one, this isn't for you.
1	Very rude. I ordered for delivery and it took them an hour and a half to get a burrito to my house. The food was cold, and when warmed up it was lacking at best. Very little flavor and bad texture. When i called to contact the manager, the owner answered and hung up on me. Just go to Dos Reales if you want good Mexican food with friendly service.
3	This is a decent place with the exception of a few things. I've been here a few times and for a Mexican restaurant its average. The quality of the food is overall delicious. Free chips and salsa and the portion sizes were pretty big. The burrito quesadillas is huge. Any-who, the only problem I had was that when I was given the dish for the salsa it was not clean, so I sent it back and they gave me a clean one. My friend that I was with had the same problem. I would think they would check these things before they gave it out, but they didn't. The prices are okay and comparable to other places such as Chipotle or Maize. I will be back again.
4	I first visited Burrito King (now merged with Torticas Grill) based on a recommendation from a friend, and I was not disappointed.  The combo meals are a great value- you can get a relatively authentic meal of two tacos, rice, and beans for $7 out the door, or a bigger platter (my choice was the burrito, enchilada, and tamale) for just a little bit more.Sure, the value and authenticity are great, but the one thing that will keep me coming back is the chorizo.  The really smoky flavor is among the best that I have had.  The chips and salsa (possibly made on-site?) are also really solid.
1	Visited in June 2013Me and a friend walked in. Me and a friend sat down and were given menus.Me and a friend saw pieces of old food everywhere under the plastic on both menus.Me and a friend handed the menus back.Me and a friend walked out.
5	If I die young, bury me in queso.Queso from Burrito King (or Torticas, or the Burrito King truck...) will easily be the most delicious queso you have ever had in your entire life. The queso dreams are made of. The queso that makes the world go round. The queso that Burrito King smothers on everything...I love this place. Fantastic staff, good chips and salsa, big portion sizes, veggie options. And did I mention the queso? Whether it's 2 pm or 2 am, this is the place to be. And if it happens to be sometime in between 2 and 2, they have a bunch of different flavors of margaritas, but they are a little pricey. Tip for the wise (or drunk, or reaaaaally hungry): if it's one of those nights that everybody has the same great idea as you and the restaurant is packed, order your food to-go! They'll even let you snack on chips while you wait - the best.Another thing to note: The Burrito King truck only accepts cash. Don't get mad, don't cry about it, the restaurant is literally a block away. Seriously, don't cry about. Seriously.Five stars 'cause I'm in love.
