1	Why review a mainstream toy store? What did they ever do to you?Plenty I say....PLENTY!!!Here it is.  I'm hoping the word get's out to all my nerd posse' gripping their rare variant action figures.  Or a Barbie collector who needs their Fashion Fever fix.This store as long as it has been around does not understand the most important words in retail......CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! (learn it peeps!)Toys R Us corners the market when I comes to toys....and yet, ask a person who works there anything about their company or product and you get a blank stare and maybe some drool.  Or my all time favorite...."You should check on-line."Hey how 'bout this....."YOU FRIGGIN EXIST SO I DON'T HAVE TO GO ON-LINE!!"I am a slave to my collection.  I go to Toys R US all the time. ( my Peter Pan syndrome is harsh man. )  The shelves are usually empty.  See, my theory is that other NERDS work there and they pick the hard to find figures out of the boxes and sell them on EBAY.  ( I've got your game, ya big DORKS )  And i don't wanna resell, I just want one for me.  One figure to hold and cherish above all others.Anyway, all collectors beware. Go to Target.  At least our brethren that work there will help you out.  That is if you can find one. ( Hello? echo, echo.....it's kind of like the warehouse at the end of Raiders of the Lost Ark)  This was more of a RANT than a REVIEW, but, I felt it had to be said.
4	This place has gone so out of style since Wal-mart & Target carry all the same toys and that's what makes it so great. They still have the best selection and because its almost always near empty you can feel comfortable letting your kid go nuts and run from one spot to another throughout the store. They still ahve all the toy siplays so you can see how stuff looks outside the box, and they are super helpful and with provider personal shopper assistance if you ask. During the holidays they have lots of Exclusive deals where you can get more toy for less $$. Still a favorite, right near Meadows Mall & Target.
4	I'm not going to lie: I'm still a Toys R Us kid.Sometimes the inner child in me can only be sated by toys.  Or maybe I feel prompted into giving some random action figure/collectible that catches my eye a home after the guilt trips the "Toy Story" movies tend to instill.  Or maybe it's for one of their annual video game sales.  It's also in a great location next to a big mall, so on the way home, I tend to stop by.  My reasons for the positive review are largely and admittedly nostalgic.  When I was a kid, my parents would take me out of town to the Dallas area that has a mall similar to the Meadows Mall with a Toys R Us right next to it.  While the whole TRU store format has changed (remember that big wall of video game covers that you had to take a ticket to the wall at the front of the store to pick up your video game?), something about this particular style is decidedly "old style".  Of course, it doesn't hurt in the slightest that their store signs by the side of the road are in the old 1970-1980 pastel color style, that immediately smacks of my days of Star Wars, Transformers, Masters of the Universe and Ghostbusters.  Now they make toys for adult collectors" these days, I do feel the sway of an awesome treat, because darn it all, I'm sure I've done something earlier in the week to deserve it.I can't help it.  It's fun to not be "adult" all the time and just remember the "good ol' days", from bikes to trains to video games.  It's an indelible and happy part of my early days, and it's nice to get that feeling again, even if it lasts for just a little while.
1	This TRU has the worst customer service. How long does one need to stand by a person before they ask you if you need help? Also, if you ask a question to see if a particular item is on sale as the circular suggests, is it necessary to snap at a customer? A polite no with an explanation why would suffice. Another thing... Why does this store always in disarray? It's always messy and unkept. I came here because the store on North 5th showed they had an item in stock that I was looking for. Next time, I'll just wait for my regular store to get the item in. They're much nicer over there plus they care about how their store looks.
5	So here's what I don't get.This is a good old-fashioned style TRU, and I've already covered that.  I always find something to occupy my time, I appreciate the vintage look as it's some time bubble escape into my youth, and really, the new style stores elsewhere just look sterile.  You can tell this place has layers of history.  Like a parfait.I've seen some "OMG WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVAR!!!!" comments on here, and considering the frequency that I still come here, I've never found that to be the case.  I always have someone smile, or greet me, or ask if I've been helped.  I was even tired one time after a particularly taxing day, and they made a point to check me out quickly so at least something would go right for me that evening.  It's little things like that that just make the day go easier, and I really appreciated it.  And yes, I actually did feel better.For me, it's always a quick and easy jaunt to buy video games, and they do have a lot of sales.  I'm also generally able to find whatever it is I'm looking for here, so that definitely works for me.This is not "The Meanest Place In Town".  It's old-school, not pristine, not perfect, but I wouldn't want it any other way.
3	I hadn't been in a TRU in like, 10 years.  It was nice that it had many more 0-3 year old toys than Target did, and that it felt much cleaner than I was expecting.  They even have giant foam sharks ready for Shark Week! Checking out was a long process of rewards cards and upselling.  I like their selection, and their games section was in ruins (I think they were remodeling?)  but all in all, an okay experience.
1	Worst run store I've been in. No service. They make you wait in line just to find out if the item in the locked case you want just got sold out while u were waiting. I asked for assistance in getting two Tablets for my kids. The store employee told me that I had to wait in line to get the tablets out of the case. I waited for 25 minutes just to be told that they don't have any more. Really? Is that how a store is supposed to be run? Also, there was no one available anywhere in the store to ask questions about anything.The manager's excuse was that people don't show up to work and that they can't find people to work. That may be a sign of the Occupy Wallstreet mentality type of people being hired, but I'm sure there are real and decent people out there looking for work, try harder to find them!
2	The store looks huge on the outside but inside it seems small and not enough items. The store also doesn't seem clean and wow like most TRU. The store wasn't bright enough. The sales aren't even sales compare to BRU. The clearance was a joke. Just trying to make you look at the stuff. Price was almost the same has reg price. The selection wasn't much. Most the time you go into a toys store & your all happy looking at the new things but here it's like going to a swap market or something. Wasn't so happy & excited. sigh.
1	Got ripped off on an in store pick up that I ordered online, received one action figure instead of a three pack, beware when ordering from toysrus.com and picking up at this location.
2	This store looks horrid.. !!! As soon as you walk in you can see immediately that its in need of some renovation.. hell even a good floor mopping would help the place out. Everything was in disarray.. The only salvation is the staff. They were top notch. We asked several questions because of course we were super lost and they were more than friendly and knew exactly where each item was. I was impressed, to say the least. I have seen the other reviews and can only think they have beefed up staff with it being this close to Christmas because there was staff everywhere! I personally don't have kids so I dont anticipate being inside another toys R us anytime soon but personally i'd rather go to target !
3	+1 star because this is where I go to get my bloody hands on Walking Dead stuff!  It's super close to my work.  I just can't give it much more than that because this Toys R Us is in the middle of what can be a rough neighborhood.  In the words of South Park's Eric Cartman, it's "In the Ghetto...In the Ghetttttooooo....."I mean, this Toys R Us has probably seen much better days.  The outside looks so run down and 'vintage', it's so ready for a paint job.  All you can see are those little spikes on each letter of the sign, the spikes that keep the pigeons at bay.  But be careful!  There is pigeon poop galore along the front walls of the store.  Ick.Go inside, and it's just as worn out.  The floors are dirty, the shelves look sickly, and often times the toy pegs are bare!  It's just in sad, sad shape for the most part.  This Toys R Us needs a new interior designer, and quickly!  Someone bring in that guy from that show on that network.  Yeah, that guy.  Or just bring in Candice Olson or Genevieve Gorder from HGTV or Tanya Memme from A&E to spruce up the place.  What??  Damn straight I know only the hottie female interior designers!  Interior aside, the most important thing is that Toys R Us carries TOYS.  Lots and lots of toys.  For little kids, sure there is everything they could want usually in stock - Power Wheels, kiddie pools, slides, bicycles, Lego, Skylanders, Barbie, Hello Kitty, Justin Bieber posters, just about anything.  But for us big kids?  It's so hard to find those toys!  Especially those collector edition or 'Only at Toys R Us' big boy toys!  I can't tell you how many times I went over there on the first day a new limited edition Walking Dead toy...ahem, 'Action Figure'...should be out in stores and in stock, only to find it hasn't arrived yet!  Or it came, and some Butthead (or Beavis) hoarded the entire case!  You friggin' Ebay resellers you, tick off us actual collectors.  Leave some for me..err..us! Service is often an issue at this Toys R Us as well.  Sometimes this place can be barren of workers in red shirts!  You literally have to walk to the customer service stand to get a hold of an employee for help.  And on a day where there's restocking going on?  Good luck getting one of the old folks to leave their post of unboxing toys.  It can get quite irritating, especially when you're looking for someting in particular, like the new series of Walking Dead figures.  Show me the zombie!  I'll keep coming here after work as long as they keep stocking the action figures that I really want.  Otherwise, I usually just shop at a few toy places online that cater to the big boys like me!  Toys R Us please get your act together and tidy up your store.  Oh, and stock more Walking Dead please!
1	This is truly one of the worst TRU stores in the chain. The appearance of the store reminds me of post-tornado carnage and the 'service' is non-existent. We went to get my son a new bike for his birthday. There are many bikes to choose from on display, however once you make a selection you are supposed to take a ticket from the pocket attached to each bike and take that to the register. There were two bikes that my son was interested in and only one had a ticket left. Many of the bikes had no tickets. We took the ticket to the register and we were then told they didn't know if they had it in stock??!!  They have absolutely no leadership there and I had to tell them to actually CHECK before I paid for the item!  Once they confirmed that they DIDN'T have the item, I asked if we could purchase the floor model. Of COURSE not!!  What is the point of displaying merchandise you clearly don't have and then disallow a customer to actually purchase the item!! I truly believe the store is on the verge of closing based on the condition, the lack of cleanliness and the non-existent customer service. Avoid this store at all costs!
1	Came in here to pick up an item I bought online and what a horrible experience. First, this store looks disgusting!, it definitely needs a good renovation or at least mop the hell out of the floors and I know its the holidays but try to at least keep those shelves organized. Anyways, my wait time for getting to the cashier was approximately 2-3 minutes, no too bad. However, my wait time to get my item, approximately 30 freaking minutes!, meanwhile you have a line of 3 customers waiting in the returns/exchange section with only two (2) associates to help. One was assisting a customer while the other was assisting a customer over the phone but NOT ONCE, did either one of them make eye contact with the customers nor did they ever apologize for the long wait let alone to call for assistance. Let me just add, the manager did make her presence as she was putting something away on the shelf but apparently it didn't occur to her to assist her staff so they could assist there customers and shorten up the line.In my opinion, this store needs to offer some type of customer service class to their employees and make sure their managers have experience in retail managing because this shit was unbelievable!.
1	I do not like their nasty restroom!
3	Shopping for a child's toy for my friend's two year old brought me to Toys R Us. I can't say I would ever find myself in this store for anything aside from looking for a child's birthday gift, and with good reason. The store is organized by genre of toy as well as age group, making it much easier for people like myself to get in and out in a tolerable amount of time. The selection seemed pretty good in just about every type of toy imaginable, except the particular toys I was looking for. Go figure. I ended up walking out the door with a few items. They weren't cheap, but they weren't much more expensive than I found at other name brand stores, so I didn't feel too cheated.
