2	The low score here isn't really aimed at the quality of the shop. For a city centre newsagent it has everything you'd expect, and unlike some others it stocks "fresh" fruit that is actually fresh as opposed to more rancid than what you'd find floating in Michael Barrymore's swimming pool.No, my two stars are aimed at the miserable, bitter old shit that runs this place. I appreciate handing out fags and chewing gum to the public all day isn't exactly stimulating work, but this horrible old man really takes the biscuit.  Had he been just an assistant, then I could understand his unflinching contempt for those that pay his wages, but as the proprieter, it's unforgivable. Most sickening of all, on one occasion I saw him shamelessly brown-nosing a couple of Scandinavian tourists, to the extent that they actually looked a bit uncomfortable. Pathetic.
4	There are quite a few cringeworthy moments I can look back on in my life, where I've said something, often unwittingly, so embarrassing, offensive or out of order that it haunts me for sometime afterwards.On my recent visits to the Scottish Grocer, two of the staff, a woman and a guy in their 30s, have been exceptionally cheerful, made chirpy small talk, and in general just shown an appreciation for my continued custom. So it makes me feel a bit out of sorts, that on these very pages, just weeks ago, I called their dad "pathetic" and a "miserable, bitter old shit."I may be utterly vile, but that's what I thought at the time, so the old review stays. Live by the sword, die by the sword.
3	Because of its location in one of the best retail spots in town you know in advance that this place is not going to be knocking out unbelievable deals from every possible piece of shelf on offer.  As it is the prices are fairly dear, but that is really to be expected.One area that is a bit confusing is the price labelling and it can be fairly confusing in terms of working out how much each item costs and this can be a bit of a challenge.  When the shop is busy you hardly want to be asking the shop keeper how much everything costs every twenty seconds.Despite all this, I do come to this shop every time I'm in the area and in need of a quick drink or bite to eat as it is the most accessible outlet in the area.  It doesn't offer anything special, but it does get the job done.
3	Only on the Royal Mile would you have a grocers called The Scottish Grocers. I'm not sure its an exemplary paradigm of a Scottish grocers, but its pretty decent all the same.Scottish Grocer is really a glorified newsagents. In terms of grocery items it offers a small selection of fruit and veg, toiletries, household items, that sort of thing. As a newsagents it offers the usual papers and confectionery.I can't really imagine anyone going in here for their weekly shop. But I suppose to stock up on bread and milk, it's not that bad.It also offers postcards and some touristy gifts, as seems compulsory with every shop on the high street from butchers to funeral directors.
3	As the other reviewers have mentioned, the prime location of The Scottish Grocer ensures that it does a roaring trade and I pass it a lot so find myself popping in here quite often for a bag of crisps, some chewing gum or a magazine. I've always found the staff to be very friendly and this well stocked newsagents is well organised, fresh, clean and bright. Considering it's excellent location, the prices aren't tourist trap prices which is refreshing!Can't fault it really and as far as newsagents it doesn't get much better than this.
