5	Take a tour of Frank Lloyd Wright's school/home in the desert.  I recommend the night tour.  I always take visitors here.  Even though I have been many times, I always enjoy myself.
5	Alright you got me- FLW is one of my favorite artists- his materials are just different from most- but the influence and experience is the same!  This place was named after the first he built- in WI (but its demise led to his wife's death)- fueled by this grief- led him not to rebuild on the same site-but  chose this one- a sanctuary and a teaching institution for his apprentices- also to be his stepping stone to eternity. I love the incongruities that equalizes the symmetry- its allure of Fallingwater and the furnishing he designed himself...A DEFINITE MUST!
5	Ahh, one of my favorite Arizona museums - and a must-do when tourists ask me where to go.  And a DEFINITE must for art, history or architecture buffs.  While it is rather expensive -- upward of the $20 figure charged by NYC museums, it is worthy enough to charge as such.   Can be very crowded in Winter and Spring. The 60 minute version is the most popular I gather, but the office staff will always try to upsell you on the 90 minute version.  Whether you should go for the plunge is up to you.  The main difference being that you get to see his and his wife's living room and private living quarters.   Having been on both tours - it's a toss up on which to recommend.The tour itself is given by well-informed and professional docents (one upside of the hefty admission).  That in itself is almost unheard of in the museum world where they have gone mostly to audio rentals.Stunning views of Scottsdale and a nice piece of Sonoran foothill landscape to be had here.
4	Got a chance to check this place out and as a fan of architecture and design it was a fun trip.  The only reason I don't give it five stars is that you can't just wander around.  It's understandable why, since there is a school there with students and such.The docent on our tour (or guide?) was excellent and I guess I signed up for the 90 minute tour.  Not sure what the other tours are like, but I was very happy with it.  The price is reasonable and to help support Taliesin it's totally worth it.Lots of good insights and a gem out in the desert.
4	Taliesin West is really neat!  Even though I'm not an architecture buff and I know nothing about Frank Lloyd Wright (except his Falling Water house), I found my visit to be really interesting.  I took the 90 minute Summer Insights tour ($20) and it was well worth the money.  The tour guide was very knowledgeable and had a lot of interesting anecdotes to share.  Parts of the tour are outside under the hot sun, but you do get a couple short breaks in the shade when inside the house.  They also provide bottled water.  I liked being able to walk into FLW's living quarters and actually sit on his furniture.  I highly recommend coming to visit if you're in the Phoenix area.
5	Frank Lloyd Wright is one my favorite architects.  He was a futuristic visionary of his period.  Even though his designs were popular after the turn of the century, today his style can still be considered contemporary in the sense of the word Modern.  You can take a docent guided tour in which you are lead to his living quarters, theater, the school, the reflection pool, and landscaping.  There is an apprenticeship training by the architects of the Taliesin Fellowship as well as professionals in the field.  As you are guided through the home, you'll hear how tragedy struck his family.  This is a must see if you are traveling to Phoenix.
5	Been a fan of Frank Lloyd Wright for many years. I've visited Falling water and Knob Hill (which is simply fantastic) both in Pennsylvania. Also toured his home and other locations in Chicago. I've yet to be disappointed. The guides are always extremely knowledgeable and they have great anecdotes which help to make the tours fun. My parents have recently moved down (snow birds) to Arizona and I look forward to taking the tour again in the future.  It is expensive...actually when I went last year my parent's waffled on whether to spend the money because they weren't terribly interested.  In the end they decided to go and they were fascinated and glad they took the tour. It's worth it to support Taliesin and the conservation of these wonderful works of art.
4	Being an architect, this is as close as you get to an architecture amusement park, well other than Rotterdam or Amsterdam but that is another mess of a story...Like him or hate him he was an influential figure in the modernist architecture movement in America.  You can see the Japanese influences that he took, as well as the principals he took in his architecture in this little resort.  It is worth a trip for any serious or budding architect.One thing I do not like about the tours, they way they present them they act as though Frank might be lurking in the next room, like they have all met him and are looking to meeting up with him after they knock-off for the day.  Guys, he is dead, please refer to him in the past.It would be nice to walk around the grounds unsupervised, rather than the cattle tour, but I can see why they do not let people have free reign on the place.There is still a working school and practice (I think the practice is still operating) here.
4	I took the 10:15 Panorama tour one perfect Saturday morning while in Scottsdale one week on a business trip. It had been recommended by a friend who was into architecture, and although my only interest in it to this point has been the typical visual appeal it casually affords, this tour was paced with balance and equally insightful. Ok ... maybe that sounded too much like a book report.  All that being true,  I should emphasize that I only took the 60 minute tour ($27). The other, longer, and advertised as more popular 90 minute ($32) tour was available, but I was not interested. There are, like, 5 other tours they offer in varying lengths/depths. I wanted the cliffs notes tour of this architectural genius and my tour guide (Joan, I think) was polite and very knowledgeable and never seemed in a rush - in fact, she extended our tour by at least 20-30 minutes to show us a few more sites around the grounds. This place must be amazing to visit at night, and even more so if you're a fan/student of architecture/Wright. Cool photo opps. Not knowing much about him or his impact it was a cool way to learn about his practice, his school, and his genius, and neat way to spend a morning and get out of the hotel.
4	I was visiting Scottsdale for a long weekend and decided to take in Taliesin West.  I am not a Frank Lloyd Wright fan, but I did enjoy a past visit to Fallingwater, so I decided to check this place out.  A lot of people feel that Mr. Wright was a genius, I just think he had a strong and different point of view.  And liked to go a little crazy with it.  I'm not overly impressed with his style, but I do enjoy a chance for a little voyeurism, and to me, that's what this is.  And while I did enjoy my visit, this property is not as beautiful or impressive as Fallingwater, which is spectacular.I did take the 90 minute insights tour which the web sites proclaims to be "our most popular tour".  It's just more popular because it's offered every 30 minutes.  The new price for 2008 is $32, which I think is over inflated.  Our tour guide was a nice enough guy, but I didn't really appreciate his little side stories in which he liked to tell tales about the man's integrity or hinted (not so subtly) about the lack of it.  If we want to know more about Mr. Wright personally, let us all read fact filled books, not hear myths from the Valley.  I was here to see his impressive work not to hear him insulted.  There was so much more to this man than these little tales could tell.  I urge everyone to read about the man's life and career.  You will be fascinated.The bookstore/foundation store is full of books about the architect and his works.  I found it to be very interesting and wished I would have had more time to spend there.  Taliesin West was a crude escape from the harsh Midwest winters.  That's what it is and that's what it looks like.  I did find it to be a fascinating step back in time.
4	The tour was great and informative.  I loved imagining what life must have been like with so much creativity flowing.My only issue is having to take the tour with a bunch of half wits who can't listen and are bent on doing the very things the facility has asked them not to do.   What the hell is wrong with people?
5	If you at all a Frank Lloyd Wright fan you must take the time to visit Taliesin West. The place is beautiful and the 60 minute tour we took was just right. There are longer tours also available.
3	my best friends girlfriend came for a visit from austin, being an architecture major, this was a place we obviously had to go.being there was obviously amazing... here's my beef... a tour was between $30-$80, seriously.  there was no way we could afford this obnoxious fee so we walked around the house and checked out the gift shop. we were pleased with this, but pretty disappointed not to take the tour.
5	Architecture and Wright fans will find a trek to Taliesin West to be a true treat. The tours only operate from May thru September because the Fellowship (architecture school) winters at Taliesin West and summers at Taliesin East (Spring Green, Wisconsin) beware of the summer months as the heat will definitely distract you and you will not draw as much from the experience. Several types of tours are available including tours of the student architect tents (a Wright tradition where the students had to go build shelters in the desert on the property with a very limited amount of resources) as always you should call ahead to schedule and see what is available. I have taken numerous individuals on the tour and never walked away disappointed, different tour guides see and interpret Wright style and history in different ways thus the experience is slightly unique each time as each offers an enriching perspective. The gift shop has an excellent variety of art, books, DVDs, ties, pens, and other unique items.
4	As a fan of architecture, Wright has always been one of my idols.  This is brilliant work with a SouthWestern flair.
4	Great tour experience, especially if you are an architecture and/or F.Lloyd Wright fan.  I took the 90 minute tour and learned tons.  My only wish was that I was not leaving Phoenix that same day, in which case, I may have taken a longer tour.  Incredible experience for art, architecture and/or design buffs.  BTW, if you can get Tom as your tour guide, you're in for a treat (he's really knowledgeable).
4	Frank Lloyd Wright lived an interesting life, it seems, and many of his architectural designs reflect that.  This was Wright's seasonal home, where he could escape the harsh winters of the Midwest.  We took the late morning tour.  Their tour guides range in experience and...frankly, skill.  The one we got was a little bit nervous (it was only her second tour) and her presentations came across as rehearsed.  That was okay, though, as she had a pleasant attitude and a genuine passion for Wright's work (which came out in conversation, not her presentation).  Overall, the tour was still incredibly informative.  Organic Architecture, Deconstructing the Box, Building for Democracy.  Fantastic. I wish I had time to take the twilight tour, as Taliesin West is lit up at night.  I imagine a dramatic scene next to the moonlit desert landscape.  Go check it out if you enjoy design and especially if you're a fan of Wright.
5	I've been thinking about checking out Taliesin West for years, but I never made a point to driving out that far just to see a house.  Thanks to my friend Brian coming into town, I finally decided it was time.  We did the Insight tour which took us into Frank Lloyd Wright's office, living room, bedroom and various theaters.  It was a great tour and our guide, Betty was very knowledgeable on all things Wright.  She invited questions and never hesitated with the answers.  On the tour we even had the opportunity to sit in the furniture that FLW designed and made.  It's awesome because the site is not considered a museum, so we were able to take pictures and touch everything.The foundation offers a variety of tours, so I will definitely be back to check out some of the other ones.The only downside is that the tours are a little pricey, but not outlandish considering the amount of information and access you get.  Our tour was about $30 and took 90 minutes.  The longer tours cost more, but based on this one, I think it was well worth it.
4	We just returned from the 4th of July Red, Wright, and Blue event.  Not sure if publicly advertised as we received a card in the mail since we have a membership.  This particular event was $60 a ticket.  That bought a tour, food, 2 drinks, music, and seating for the fireworks.I'm not quite sure what the tour was supposed to entail as we got quite the thunderstorm, and all the guides were improvising to keep people indoors as much as possible.  I believe it was a modified Insights tour.   Our tour guide actually looked nervous, as if she wasn't sure the roof would not cave in!  The rain offered a very different perspective.  We know the living room leaks:)  It was quite spectacular actually.  Food and entertainment was indoors.  As we understand, this was not the case last year, and it was supposedly pretty dang hot.  The food was a light meal (appetizer, barbecue sliders, and dessert).  The rain cleared in time for the fireworks around the Valley and dropped the temperature considerably making for a beautiful evening.  You can actually watch several shows at once.  Although the fireworks are all at a distance, it is quite amazing to see several shows simultaneously against the city lights, and in our case, intermingled with lightning.  Awesome.  I wish the entertainment had moved outdoors, however, to drown out the loud-mouthed, know-it-all next to us.  Can't have everything I guess.Every tour we have taken has been informative.  We have enjoyed all of the guides, and each offers little tidbits of info on Wright's work, his life, and his personality that you won't have heard before.  When we purchased a membership, tours were only available May through September, I believe.  Now, they have a wider variety of tours available year-round.  I would HIGHLY recommend tours in the cooler weather as some of the living areas are not cooled, and even the ones that are cooled are still quite warm.Check out their website www.franklloydwright.org for details, prices, etc.  Great place to take architectural buffs or HGTV fans.
5	Can I live here please? I've loved FLW since I was in like 5th grade or something and went on a school field trip and thought that wherever we were (some FLW building in Phoenix, I rack my brain trying to remember) was the coolest thing I'd ever seen.  I've been to Taliesin West quite a few times, kinda want to go again.  I think I want to live there.
5	Can I live here too????Taliesin is AWESOME!  What happened to architecture in America?  We went from visionaries like FLW to mass produced mega-neighborhoods where every house looks the same & with any luck will stand for no more than 50 years.Taliesin west is a great example of embracing nature into architecture.
5	I am a huge FLW fan. Well, I'm not huge. But man do I love his work.Growing up in the midwest got me spoiled. If you haven't read "Devil in the White City" yet, run to your nearest bookstore and get it. Gives you an insight into Chicago that you won't get elsewhere, but I digress.This is a must see when you're in Scottsdale. I mean, I insist. If you don't go, we will not be speaking until you do. It's not just the architecture. It's the beautiful combination of both the man made world and the awe inspiring world of nature. This is one of my favorite places on earth. It gives me hope for some strange reason. That we still have an ability to combine two worlds into one. And that one world is amazing.
5	Going on a tour here was seriously one of the coolest things I've done in Arizona. In fact it's one of the coolest things I've done...ever. I've traveled to different countries and been all through the United States, but something about the history of Frank Lloyd Wright, his personal life, and the amazing feats he undertook to build Taliesen West in the Scottsdale desert (before air conditioning, before the freeway system, before extensive road system) was amazing. I've always loved Frank Lloyd Wright. Being an art nerd and a lover of architecture, I've been drawn to his work since childhood. I took friends from California here and although they're not as nerdy as I am about the stuff, they enjoyed themselves immensely. We did one of the extensive tours which took 2 or 3 hours, but  was worth every minute. Our guide was extremely knowledgeable on the intricacies of the structures, FLW's life, and random facts about the property and school. I always recommend this place to people left and right...from people who have lived in Arizona their whole lives to those just visiting the Phoenix area. In my opinion, it's one of those "must sees" for everyone.
5	I visit Phoenix pretty regularly to see family.  I always make a point to bring someone new to see Taliesin West.  I find that new comers to Taliesin West are always amazed at how it was made and the beauty of the architecture, it never gets old.  The guides always give interesting tours and each one has new nuggets of information that I scoop up and file away for trivia later down the road.  ;)  The only downside to the tour, I don't think it's well suited to young children.  Most tours are approximately 90 minutes long and it's just a tour guide leading you around the compound, which doesn't hold the interest of children for very long at all.  The last time I went we had to fish a child out of the pool, it was entertaining but not part of the tour!
5	Those into architecture must definitely visit Taliesin West - a working and living memorial to the Frank Lloyd Wright. He built the place and it was actually a kind of living experiment for his little architects/designers/builders. A tour of the place is recommended. Frank Lloyd Wright was definitely a man with a theory when he was building houses. For example, he built all the door ways small so when you passed through to the other side you always felt you were emerging into something. Everything was very geometrical. He was also apparently very stubborn. Case in point: when the buildings first went up there wasn't such thing as glass so when the glass did have to be installed he refused to move anything so in one case they had to cut a hole in the glass to allow for a clay pot that was sticking out!
5	When I was trying to impress my (at the time) girlfriend, I planned a sweet date and it started with a tour of Teliesin West and had such a blast. Needless to say she became my wife :) So it worked and would recommend  it anyone. It did help that my wife was studying architecture :) This place is so beautiful and has such pretty views. I recommend going at the sunset tour, I believe it was, at the time, more expensive but worth it.
4	This is a great place to tour if you love architecture. Having seen several other Frank Lloyd Wright homes, I must say I enjoyed this one the best because the guides were friendly and you really got a feel for the home and FLW's vision. Unlike many of his other properties, here you can sit in the furniture and move about pretty freely, giving one full access to the lines of sight which are so integral in FLW's work. The grounds are beautiful as well. The home is tucked away and only reveals itself once you are upon it, but the views of the desert and Scottsdale are stunning. The only drawback is the cost. At $30 per person, it can be a little steep. But, if you enjoy architecture, the trip is well worth it. As an aside, I also enjoyed the shop and bookstore, which sold lots of unique, art and architecture inspired housewares. There is no food or beverage service here, unlike some other local museums, so plan accordingly.
4	This is a wonderful place that makes me so happy to go here!The only reason I have put one less star is because of the cost. always recommend people to visit, but is rather expensive for a family of four to go. Many museums or homes of art will offer one day a week or month at a discounted rate enabling people to experience this wonderful place. Otherwise seeing the lay out has been inspiring to my husband and I building our own compound. It is not only wonderful to see it preserved so well, but to see the future of architecture going on!
5	very inspiring if you appreciate architecture, use of space, and have dreams of building your own remote compound someday.
4	The reasons I am giving Taliesin West four stars are because the cost for a tour is very expensive and I could barely hear the tour guide, although she was very informative, but did not have the ability to project her voice to a group.  Also, while we were in the office and the softspoken tourguide was lecturing, people in the office were taking phone calls and talking and it was very disruptive.  Otherwise, I would totally give this remarkable masterpiece five stars.  I have been wanting to visit Taliesin West ever since I saw a PBS documentary on Frank Lloyd Wright a month or so ago.  He had a fascinating life!  He was a total egomaniac (kind of deservedly so), he married three times and had a mistress as well, and lived a very full life.  He is essentially the face of American architecture.  Wright's home and outer buildings in Scottsdale is nothing short of amazing.  I am a total ingenue when it comes to architecture terms so if you want real descriptions then you should read about it on the Taliesin website or in a book.  However, the site Taliesin was on was really neat and overlooked beautiful Arizona landscape.  On the tour, I learned about the process of building Taliesin, some aspects of the architecture school (I think it is really cool that the students get to design their own places to live), and a little about Frank Lloyd Wright and his third wife, who encouraged his architecture on the West Coast.  The sculpture garden was a really amazing part of the tour, as was the underground dinner theatre.  The giftshop features a wide array of tasteful souvenirs and though I really wanted an exclusive Wright-style Christmas ornament, I only bought a guide book, some postcards, and a magnet.  I was satisfied with my purchases and memories of that day.I hope that I am able to visit more of Wright's homes and buildings in the future.
4	I've been a FLW fan since the sixth grade when we went on a field trip to see his home and studio in Oak Park. My father, an architecture school dropout, was thrilled. Someone to share his love of prairie style with. Last summer I read "The Fellowship" and fueled more conversation about the man with my father. "Dad, did you know that Frank Lloyd Wright invented the carport?" My first apartment was in Oak Park, and I must admit, part of why I lived there instead of in the city was this stupid love affair I have with FLW. It's ridiculous, I know this. Anyway....today I'm sitting here writing reviews and I see Taliesin West on Yelp and I yell out, "OH MY GOD!!! Taliesin West is here!!! I can't believe I forgot that!" So our plans changed from climbing Camel back to going to TW. If you're a fan you must go. Because it's Taliesin West. nuf said. However, I must warn you: 1. Way overpriced. Waaaaaay overpriced. The lowest priced tour is 60 minutes and costs 27.00. No teacher discounts. 2. FLW was always in money trouble and apparently the place is too. I don't know what they do with all that cash they charge their students and tourists but it doesn't go toward cleaning the place. I saw dead flies on window sills, cobwebs in skylights, and some of the carpeting looked original. Original and not well cared for. 3. The living room lighting is crazy. There are some upright lamps in there that look like they were bought at Walmart. Unforgivable. Seriously, you have people studying architecture there, can't you give them an assignment to design some better light fixtures to supplement the original stuff if it's not adequate? 4. OVERPRICED!! I appreciate direct instruction, I do. But in this age if you're going to charge that much for a tour and then use badly reproduced and laminated xerox images in a binder that you walk around in front of your audience as your visual aids I'm just, what? A binder? Seriously? 5. Insufficient parking. We parked in front of what appears to be some offices and maybe living quarters. In front of which were plastic resin chairs and cinder blocks holding up some rocks. This is not beautiful. Do cinder blocks come from the environment? I don't think so. 6. Wilting and dying flowers in the music room at the end of the tour. Better to have no flowers at all. All that aside, if you are a fan you know that you must see the space and you must walk through it. And since you cannot do so without giving more money than it's worth I just thought you should be warned so that you are not disappointed. The sculpture garden is beautiful, the water features lovely and the architecture is of course genius. Enjoy!
4	When my friend and I were planning our weekend in Scottsdale, we agreed that touring Taliesin West was a must-do. She'd already been to Fallingwater, but this was the first time I was going to enjoy Frank Lloyd Wright's work on such an intimate level.I knew going in that he was ahead of his time in many ways, but I never got tired of hearing about this innovation or that throughout the guided tour. Indeed, each was more fascinating than the one before. But what impressed me the most was the feat of engineering he realized in his construction of the Imperial Hotel in Tokyo. Apparently FLW pioneered a technique for helping buildings to withstand seismic events. Indeed, the Imperial Hotel survived a devastating magnitude 7.9 earthquake in 1923, the same year it was completed, when many buildings surrounding it crumbled.I highly recommend taking the time to visit Taliesin West if you're in the area. It's a beautiful site and the tour is fantastic. I loved when we took a break in one of the rooms where FLW entertained guests, and were able to sit in the origami chairs. Surprisingly, the chair, even though it looks angular, was very comfortable and ergonomic--but it also fit my small frame very well. In another room, actually his bedroom, I remember thinking the ceilings were rather low, so I finally asked the docent how tall FLW had been. She replied that he was about 5 foot seven or eight--which explained why I loved the scale of everything at Taliesin!So, just a warning if you're tall: you may feel a little claustrophobic here. Apparently Wright once said that anything over 6 feet tall was a waste of space!
5	There's not much more I can say about Taliesin West that hasn't already been said before.  I'm a person who doesn't know the difference between an architect and draftsman and didn't know anything about FLW until I visited.  But even I was fascinated with story and details in the guided tour.  I went on the Panorama tour that lasted a little over an hour and visited the music room, the front lawn, movie room, reception area, and meeting room.  So, what makes this a 5 star review???  THE WHOLE TOUR WAS FREE!!  With the new culture pass for the library, you can check this gem out gratis!!  And seeing that several reviewers mentioned the high cost of the tour ($27), it seems as if there is no better time to check it out!
4	After living here for so many years - I have finally taken a moment to enjoy Taliesin West - although I credit this due to friends visiting me.I enjoyed the cronology of his work over his lifetime and learning about the many contributions of his architecture and his forward thinking. As I sit her and enjoy my newly stained concrete flooring - I have only to realize that FLW had first thought of this concept in the early 20s as seen at Taliesin West. :)
4	Great tour by a knowledgeable guide, we did the basic tour that tells about Wright's life and his work at Taliesin West.  He was brilliant, it was a great tour because the place is still a working school rather than a museum, so you can touch things and see up close where he lived and did his work.  Much more hands on than other tours of historical people's homes I've been on.He was brilliant; I would go back and do other tours.
5	Ok bad Mary. I have lived here for almost 30 years and have never been here!!!!WHY??????? But in my defense there were no Yelp sites back then to push me into going by writing a glowing review. All I can say is drop what you are doing now and go. This place is amazing! You do not have to be a big archi lover to enjoy the wonders of this place.(And the view aint half bad either)  If you get the Culture Pass that the Phx Libraries offer you can get the basic tour for free. 4 passes at 26 dollars a pop for free can you believe it? It only costs  a few more dollars to upgrade to the next tour. BARGAIN!!!!!!! You have to go on a tour you just can't go and wander around there since people live here and it is a private school. ( BTW that Culture Pass thing is a gem! I might have to write a separate review for it!) bring tons of water, walking shoes,hats, your camera, and be forewarned it is hot. A lot of the tour is outside or in hotter buildings with little air venting but hey a small price to pay to see this place of a great minded man!PS- we did bring a small child. Although most people on here say it is not child friendly children may enjoy it if they are interested in art or old buildings.  I must say they would have to be children who have been exposed to longer tours at musuems before so use caution. The tour guides love kids though so if you have an inquisitive little one bring them along. .
3	Informative tour that put some grit behind the glamor of Frank Lloyd Wright.  I needed his innovations to be pointed out to me - I've just taken this Palm Springs style of architecture for granted.  I think HG will now be more receptive to seeing significant architecture in other cities we visit.
4	I'm not a huge fan of FLW actual architecture aside from Falling Water but the man was no doubt interesting and is pretty much the most important figure in American architecture. So while my friends were still sleeping off their hangover from the night before, I decided to head up to BFE and check out Taliesin West. I was not disappointed. The price point was bit heavy at $30 but the tour was led by an extremely informative guide and lasted about an hour and a half. I don't know much about architecture myself so it was nice to have a guide who pointed out the little architectural details that I wouldn't have noticed on my own. The guide also did a good job of connecting how experiences in FLW's life translated into the architectural elements he incorporated in his works. I definitely had a good time.
4	I have limited knowledge of the works of Frank Lloyd Wright other than Falling Waters and the Westcott House in Springfield OH (close to my home town of Yellow Springs). My Mom is in town and her friend is a fan of FLW, so I took her to Taliesin West and embarked on the tour.This was my first experience on the tour. A large portion of it is outdoors - so it is best not to do it in the summer months. The bottle of water given does not last long given the conditions. The tour is $32 for a 90 minute tour through the grounds and some of the buildings. My tour today was actually longer than that. The tour guide, Don, gave an excellent presentation and was very knowledgeable. He provided a lot of detail and answered questions.The gift shop is nice; maybe a little pricey, but it is Scottsdale. Going in the winter would definitely make it a 5 star event, but July/August makes it tough to completely enjoy and pay attention. If you can catch it in the late evening or fall/winter - it would be a must  do!
5	The short summary? I now officially love FLW and the tour I took convinced me to get a membership the next time I go back. Two friends and I wandered here a few months ago to get our culture on. We took the 90 minute guided tour I believe. Everything was so gorgeous and our tour guide was extremely knowledgeable. He was able to not just preach at us with lines he'd rehearsed over and over again, but tell a story and show how this knowledge applies to life today. We were able to take pictures during this tour which doesn't happen in a lot of museums these days and I took everything i could until my camera died. I left feeling completely inspired and awaiting my next visit.
5	I'm not going to lie - I indulged in fantasies about Howard Roark during the course of my 90-minute Insights tour. His spirit and convictions were brought to life by FLW and being in this incredible complex where he lived, worked and taught was indescribably cool.  The tour takes you around the property and through many of the rooms, restored to various periods of Frank's life. I was a bit dismayed at the disrepair some of the rooms are in, so I spent money in the gift shop hoping it will go to repairing some sad looking chairs and windowpanes.  Overall, the tour guides are genius at describing and making you feel like you're seeing things through FLW's eyes with his vision on architecture and lifestyle.  This is not to be missed!
5	After writing about the Heard Museum, I remembered that I had taken some photos from my Spring Training/Sightseeing /Childhood Memory Trip back to my birthplace, Phoenix. Sure enough, I had baseball pictures of Barry Bonds and Giants Stadium, downtown Scottsdale pictures, clever pictures of me in stupid cowboy hats and some of Taliesin West. (SEE PICTURES)If you don't know about Taliesin West, you aren't alone unless you are a lover of Frank Lloyd Wright, which I have been from an early age because my Mom and Dad both went to school and graduated from Arizona State, I went to college there too at the age of 4, and Mr. Wright built the auditorium called affectionately, "the Birthday Cake" so his name was probably one of the first ones I was ever taught. In my opinion, F.L. Wright is surely America's greatest architect, if not the world's greatest. I have a fantastic 2 hour PBS special on him that explores his life and work in great depth, it's wonderful to pull out  from time to time and get re-inspired.Taliesin was his dream home, his school and his refuge. Originally built on the side of a gently sloping mountain well outside of the quickly-growing suburbs in the heart of the Sonoran desert, Taliesin was organic, living, melded to its stone, sand and gravel surroundings due to the fact that its materials were plucked from those very locations. Its unique roofing structure could only be dreamed and conceived from the heart of genius as the lack of rainfall allowed it to be redwood and canvas, like the teepee's of the native Indian cultures.Having been there before as a child, I really could not appreciate it to any great extent then but as an adult, I was truly amazed at its massive expanse and by the fact that it was built stone by stone by hand with the loving work of his adoring students. Their spirits and care are reflected in every pore of the breathing, flexing structures joined together in strange, illogical ways. Windy paths, odd angles, smoothed beams, brightly colored carpets and art, contrasting paints, dripping fountains, flapping textures, long-shallow reflecting pools, open-aired rooms, vaulting stairs, low-slung passageways... all conceived by the brilliant, unconventional mind of the master to ponder and entice thought by confusion of the stated norm being smashed into oblivion. Purists laugh but those with an unjaundiced eye coupled with a heart of appreciation for the existence of a new form of human living quarters that you have to force yourself to integrate your soul in order to fully exist with it. Taliesin must become a part of its occupants and visitors, like a natural extension of existence, in order to impart its magic as creativity abounds with every sense affected at each new revelation.Lucky students pursuing careers in wood and metal work, painting, sculpture, photography and pottery are allowed to stay on the preserved desert ecosystem in small, clever, experimental structures or shelters that pop up throughout the 600 acre grounds. I got to see many of these during my visit and they were truly interesting to see. Weird while being functional, they all interested me greatly but sadly I was not allowed to get too close or to interact with any of them.Finally, there are 2 large theatres that I saw on the tour for concerts and performances. Creativity is encouraged to flow from the spirit, soul and body; a complete immersion without judgment or criticism. Freedom for the individual and for the group-think to attempt to inspire and unconform the conformed. It was my dream to see this wonderland again... I came, I saw, I was changed. My heart pumped stronger, then I cried a little in leaving due to my great fortune. However Taliesin is in my mind, my soul, my eyes and her smell is everpresent whenever I think of her.So long Frank Lloyd Wright, you put your spell on me ...http://www.youtube.com...
5	Stuck in the upscale strip malls of Scottsdale, one of the top few architectural attractions in Phoenix: for the last 50 years or so!   While I find that most of the actual materials from the Wright buildings seem on the edge of needing replacement, the basic ideas and stunning ideas are the same.   THe 90 minute tour (only 26/adult on a midweek day) was just right, seeing the highlights of all the major spaces.  Go in the winter when it isnt too hot!  By far the most interesting this I did in the city.
4	My husband just finished watching some history special on Frank Lloyd Wright before making the visit to Arizona. Once we heard that there was a museum, we had to visit. The price per ticket is $25 for a 90-minute tour. It's a bit pricey! It's not a typical museum; it is a working architectural school. You go on a guided tour in a large group that starts approximately at the top of the hour or so. The tour guide was entertaining, smart, and a previous student. It was a fantastic learning experience! If you are looking for something to do and you have the money to spend, you should make a visit here. It's not a place I would visit again, but it is worth going once. We were impressed!
4	Even if you're only remotely interested in architecture and have only heard casual mention of the name Frank Lloyd Wright as a key figure in the history of American architecture, a visit to Taliesin West is well worth the roughly $30 and two hours you'll invest to take a tour. Well, actually there are about five different tour packages, but the "Insights" tour we took lasted about two hours (90 minutes is the posted time) and cost about $30.   While we normally prefer to explore sites on our own, a tour is the only way to see this and there are enough packages to choose the one that works best for you.Taliesin West is an interesting, eccentric place, not unlike Mr. Wright himself, that really helps frame, even for we "mere mortals" who are not architecture design experts, just how groundbreaking was his work for the time and place in which he practiced his craft and how much influence he's had on American architecture even to today. The tours are led by docents and/or former students and all seem to be Frank Lloyd Wright acolytes which makes the time spent in tour fun for insights about the man as well as the work (really fun with the right tour leader as we enjoyed for our case). They make Frank Lloyd Wright come alive. Tour groups are large yet move through the facility at a brisk pace and questions were welcomed and well answered. One of the most common? You guessed it...what does Taliesin mean? (Tour spoiler alert...answer below. ;-) ) Taliesin West incorporates a big campus of multiple buildings and outdoor spaces with changing elevations but the tour is accessible to people using wheelchairs. It's not easy (as in the Getty Center in LA as stellar ease example) but it is possible. Given the length of the tour, wear comfy shoes. We highly recommend going early in the day and taking one of the first tours of the day. Both for purposes of less crowds but also because outside of the gift shop these are not air conditioned spaces, obviously, and there are times when Scottsdale heat can be challenging. Our favorite location of the tour was the theater and we won't spoil the surprise by revealing in this review why that was so. A sort of heart tugging moment for both of us was to look out the windows of the house Wright and his third wife lived in during their time in AZ each year to the vistas of the magnificent Sonoran desert beyond and to think how beautiful a setting it must have been then and how much he might be discouraged to see the outlook now for the structures in the distance. Now here's the spoiler about the name Taliesin. It is a word of Welsh origination (his mother's side of the family was of Welsh descent) that means "shining brow". You'll learn more about that on the tour and also why while Mr. Wright may have been a brilliant designer, he had his third wife to thank for keeping the enterprise moving.  You'll also learn why in addition to being an architectural marvel for its day the back story of Taliesin West also would capture attention on any one of the television tabloids in current times for the romance and crime associated with the complex "in the day" were the same events to unfold "in the now". NOW don't you want to go and learn more? :-)  All in all, while this isn't a "go back to" experience for us on every visit to Scottsdale (as the Desert Botanical Garden is, as example) we are very glad we did this once and highly recommend the fascinating experience to all visitors to the area. And make sure to spend some time in the book store / gift shop where the tour groups assemble...there are a lot of really interesting things to peruse there.
5	I hate paying $$$ for a tour, but this was worth it - paid $26 ( a discount, since it was a Tuesday) for a 90-minute tour - VERY interesting......
2	I really wanted to like this...really. I've lived here for 12 years and have never been but heard wonderful things. I was sad when it didn't live up to the hype. Perhaps it was our tour guide - she had this attitude like she was doing us a favor by giving us a tour (after we paid $30+ pp). Aside from that, I thought the tour was good. It was interesting to see where he lived and the different areas throughout the campus...however, I'm fairly certain there is a major mold problem happening there. After sitting in the living room during the tour for about 15 min I began to feel like I had a sore throat. I thought perhaps I was just honestly getting sick...until multiple people on the tour began to say the same thing. The areas within the complex are old, I get that, but really, maybe they should be cleaned a bit better - it smelled musty and it's concerning that so many people are around that everyday.All in all, I would say it could be worth it for someone who is interested in architecture...especially if you have a better guide. I doubt I will go back.
5	It's Frank Lloyd Wright's house. Now, I'm not famous and my house isn't that great, so no, I'm not comparing myself to him. They turned this place into a tourist attraction because FLW is an American Icon and so are his designs.Things to remember when going to see this place:1) It's Arizona, so dress comfortably, mostly because of the heat. They provide umbrellas for shade but that's it.2) If you're a student or a senior, ask for the discount. As a student, I got mine.3) They have a cool bookstore/souvenir shop for practically anything and everything FLW. They have books on architecture, Taliesin West and even about Arizona. They even have functional replicas of FLW's designed furniture and lamps. They cost a bundle though, so if you want them, be ready to break in your credit card. If you are a die-hard fan of FLW's work, they're worth it. Take the time to look here before and/or after your tour.4) If your tour guide is cool and kept the tour going and not dragging, make sure you learn where, when and how to tip him or her. I did because the one we got was very cool and obviously loved what she does.5) Take a camera, unlike most museums, this place allows you to take pics (except for two rooms, your guide tells you which ones).So, if you can deal with the heat before it melts your soul and/or your will to do the tour (90 mins), remember: you will not find another place like this. Even Taliesin East, FLW's summer home in Wisconsin, is different. So, if you're looking for something to do while in Phoenix, this is a look see. If you don't like it, lemme know and tell me I blow chunks. That's how confident I am that you will like this place. I did.
5	I can't believe I almost overslept on my last day in Arizona and missed out on this gem.  Good thing we made it just in time for the 9am tour.  90 minutes may seem like a long time but it flew by because Ernie, our guide, was so informative and interesting.  I felt like I got my full $32 worth out of the experience.In a way, Taliesin West is like a museum. But unlike other "museum" tours I've been on, everything was very hands on.  We were encouraged to experience the architecture and space the way it was designed.  We sat in the Frank Lloyd Wright designed chairs in his living room and visited his living quarters.  We also saw his office space and various entertainment venues.  Every inch of the space was designed deliberately. The repeating geometric patterns were very interesting.What was surprising to me was that there is an architecture school on site that offers bachelors and masters degrees.   The school was started during the Great Depression as a means for Wright to obtain a steady income stream despite the decline in demand due to the economic downturn.  Ernie enthusiastically described the responsibilities of the original students (aka apprentices).  My conclusion?  They were basically Wright's slaves.  When Mr. Wright wanted to build a road, he asked his apprentices to pave a path.  When Mr. Wright wanted rocks to construct Taliesin West, he asked his apprentices to carry 1-man, 2-man, and 3-man -sized rocks from the surrounding area.  And do you know where he let him apprentices sleep?  In tents and sleeping bags. All I can say is that I hope the students today are treated better than that.But in the end, I'm here to rate the tour and not the students. The tour was fun and educational and I would recommend it to everyone visiting the area.
4	FLW FTW! If you have any interest in Frank Lloyd Wright, it's pretty much a no-brainer to take a trip to Taliesin West if you're in the area. I took the 90-minute tour and had an excellent guide, Dierdre, whose knowledge of FLW's life and works, as well as the minutiae of Taliesen West, made it a very informative visit. Well worth the $30+ price of admission.
5	I took 27 of my relatives here on a cold gloomy day and it was still amazing! Even though I have been here quite a few times before, I still learned things from our tour guide that I did not know about this amazing place. If you are visiting or have a guest visiting Phoenix this place is a must! Some tour guides are better than others, but the gentleman we ended up with this last time around was phenomenal!  Also, I would actually recommend going about two/three days after a big rain storm because all of the desert flowers will bloom and it looks absolutely beautiful.
4	very cool place. a bit pricey at 32 bucks a ticket for the 1.5 hr tour. we had 4 adults so it was cheaper to buy the membership (75 bucks) then we could get tickets for 8 bucks each. interesting place....not really my cup of tea but my wife's dad is an engineer (they were visiting from boston) so he was all over it.good place to take out of towners or if you really, really, really like hearing about a architect.
4	Normally the ticket price for an adult for the 90 min tour is $32, but upon arrival one of the volunteers offered the option of buying a membership which for the four tickets and the membership fee ended up being cheaper. So far so good. Our tour guide had a horrible coughing cold, but she did her best to project her voice and lead our big tour group around through the domain of Frank Lloyd Wright. She knew her stuff too! She would offer to answer any questions and she never got stumped-was able to answer everything. It moved quickly so 90 min felt like 15. It is a cool place. An interesting part of Phoenix history so it's worth a trip. I had my parents in town so it's nice to show off some local flavor to out of towners. If I had out of town guests I'd got again. The ticket price after you buy a membership is only $8 per person and that's valid for a year. Not a bad deal.
5	phenomenal!  Did the 90 minute tour and was greatly impressed. You can take all the photos you want EXCEPT in the living spaces, but otherwise what a chance to to shoot some good frames!  Highest recommendation.
5	Oh my, what a great absolute Five Star experience! I came here with a friend and took the long tour (90 mins plus). Our guide was a retired architect here in the Valley who clearly loved his previous job but really loves the opportunity to give back to others the effect that Frank Lloyd Wright had on his life and industry. WOW!
3	My wife and I wanted to visit the place ever since we moved here from Boston and when we finally shelled out $25 for the one hour tour, it was somewhat disappointing. $25 is a bit much for basically a tour of the campus and history of the school.  Other than the theatre, the "bunker", and the movie theater, we didn't get to see any of what made FLW so famous, the Prairie style interior, the built in furniture, the stained glass windows, etc.. We feel with paying $25, one should at least get a glimpse of that, even Falling Water's ticket is cheaper. We were certainly disappointed and expected much more.
5	Be sure before you come here that you like the work of Frank Lloyd Wright, because the guides are all true converts, and so you had better be at least an initiate. The property itself is beautiful in a down to earth (haha, inside joke for FLlW fans) kind of way, and perfectly illustrates much of his philosophy where everything in the environment is the domain of the architect, not just the building but the landscaping, the furniture, the lighting, the decorative art adornments. Our guide had been with the fellowship for over 20 years. She was informative, cheerful, and funny. She took the time to answer all our questions and to allow us to take photos. Your mileage may vary depending on who you get for a tour guide but in chatting with some of them I got the feeling they were all very good.
4	The last time we visited Scottsdale, my boyfriend's friends took us here and yaya, glad they did! Being a student of Architecture & Design I was very interested in seeing this campus. I did a research paper on one of Wright's protege's, R.M. Schindler during college, and so was curious to see, in person, this winter home of Wright. We visited during the month of May and it was quite hot during the tour, so be prepared and dress very light and bring cold drinking water. Regarding the campus. It is very rustic and earthy. I was also surprised by how much asian influence was incorporated into the design features. The cost is approx $30 per person, but it is well worth it, because you have as much access to the grounds as you want, there are few areas, you can't take pictures, but it's not a big setback. Bring some money to spend in the gift shop too. There were a few items I regret not picking up after I was back in Vegas.
4	Amazing tour with a guide that was very knowledgeable and entertaining. The prize of the 90 Minute tour was a bit steep but well worth it after the fact. I will be back for the shelter tour.
5	If you can get past the sun and incredible degree of heat in the desert this is a Frank Lloyd Wright property every bit worth the price of admission (and all the more-so as a fantastic fellow Yelper hooked me up with a free pass.)Bearing in mind that FLW was not a nice man nor was he a humble man his vision has shaped modern American architecture more than perhaps anyone before or since and every time I visit a new location I learn something new and see something I'd have never expected.Top notch customer service from entrance to exit and the best gift shop I've seen at a Wright home yet.
4	I came here in September and took the 90-minute tour.  Even if you're not too familiar with Frank Lloyd Wright and his work, I think that visiting Taliesin West will be interesting for anyone who just likes learning about stuff.  Our tour guide was knowledgeable and kept everyone interested.  The grounds are beautiful and immaculately kept.  Photography is allowed for most of the tour (your tour guide will tell you which parts are off limits) so I would recommend that anyone visiting bring a camera since there are lots of opportunities for great photos to take home.
5	Taliesin West represents perhaps the best tour I've been on in my life.  Dwayne, the guide, was animated, passionate, informative, and gave us more than 90 minutes of facts, stories, and intrigue about FLW and the amazing space the Taliesin West represents.Based on my experience, I could not recommend anything but the 90 minute tour.  If you've driven our there, pay the extra few dollars (which supports good work, philosophy, and learning) and indulge your mind.They feature several discounts for the 60 and 90 minutes tours, including those for seniors and active military.Be forewarned; a large portion of the tour features the outside elements and on a cold and rainy day it can be a bit of a burden without proper clothes and an umbrella.  Even moving inside can be a challenge due to FLW's insistence on using canvas sheets for the roof.  Kick ass stuff!
5	We did the 90 minute tour and had a great and knowledgable tour guide.  It was  great to actually sit in his chairs and walk through many of his buildings!  Well worth the money!
4	Simply marvelous spot. This is a must for all FLW fans or fans of architecture or fans of art or fans of nature or.....Always led by a tour guide because the school of Arch is fully operating and students are all about. The 90 minute tour may seem like an investment of time, but its well worth it and flies by.Loved it
5	One of the most amazing places I have ever visited!  Ever!
3	Many families like to have a nice family photo hanging over their fireplace. Or maybe a pretty landscape. My family? We had an architectural rendering by Frank Lloyd Wright of the Guggenheim Museum. So it goes when your dad is an architect. Having been to more than my fair share of architectural historic sites, I can with some authority say that the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation does a better than average job keeping Taliesin West preserved (especially considering the buildings were designed to be temporary structures) and giving visitors a good history of Wright's work and the role this studio played in his life.My only complaint is that they really gloss over some of the more scandalous parts of Wright's life, including the that fact that his third wife "stole" FLW's body 25 years after his death, had it cremated, and scattered his ashes in the sculpture garden here. You think they'd mention that on the tour, but you'll have to rely on your architect father to tell you that.
5	I was really impressed with the tour! We went on the 90 minute tour that's their most popular tour (there are several different tour options), and we for an awesome overview about the architecture, history, school, and Wright himself. Yes, the tour is pricier than most historic homes, but I truly feel it's worth it. We saw inside several of the buildings and enjoyed the exteriors as well. You won't see inside all the buildings because this is a functioning school of design (would you want a tour group snapping pictures while you were trying to work in your drafting studio at school?). The gift shop is fun to browse around and is full of awesome books and everything Frank Lloyd Wright. I`m glad I splurged on this tour and went today.
4	If you're a Frank Lloyd Wright fan, you definitely need to go here and go on the tour.  He was such an innovator, and many of his signature designs are incorporated here.  Really cool.  He may have been a bit of a jerk as a human being, but his talent was incomparable.
5	When I found out that there was a FLW house in town, I was mega-excited.  When I found out it was literally at the end of the street I was staying on (Cactus Rd), I freaked!  Going to art school to learn to become a top notch chef, I learned to appreciate other types of art in the process.  I have deeply become an art fanatic, and being able to experience this was truly a blessing!Drive up a mile long driveway and you arrive on the compound.  Parking is free, but can be somehwat limited (on some days in was empty, some days mobbed!).  I guess it depends what time of day and what type of tours are offered for the day (they have 3 different tiers of tours).The journey begins in the book shop, something that looked like something from the Jetsons.  Please note you cannot proceed towards the compound without a ticket or tour guide.  The book shop was loaded with all sorts of FLW stuff, in fact I enjoyed it so much, I went back more than once to shop :).  They have plenty of things relating to Taliesin, and also to his many other works.  There is definitely something for everyone in there!I ended up getting a ticket for the 90 minute tour (there is a 45 minute, a 90 minute, and a 3 hour behind the scenes tour that is only 3 days a week)- We somehow managed to get discount tickets for the day, at $26/ticket (compared to the normal $32).  To me, that was a decent price considering what I saw and learned.The grounds are amazing, and learning about everything was amazing!  Just to take in the scenery, and the fact it is an American treasure is fascinating.  Being able to take pictures and share them is also great.  I was even told that student of FLW's school stay here half of the year (that would be an awesome place to go to school!).  Where do I sign up?I don't wanna really spoil the rest for you, but any fan architecture needs to check this place out- unlike anything I have ever been in before!
4	I really love Frank Lloyd Wright and the whole mission style thing. Awesome.When I took my now husband then fiance to Phoenix to meet the dad, we went to Taliesen for a tour.( for me it was an again thing, but I could go there over and over and see new things). It was a little expensive, but really worth it. It is a beautiful place, and it's an interesting trip. My husband really enjoyed it. I like taking visitors there, especially interested visitors. Fun times.
3	Very interesting man & architect.  I thought a 90 minute tour of Frank Lloyd Wright's former winter home and architecture school/camp in 100+ degree heat was going to be dreadful, but it ended up being very interesting commentary about a tempermental and stubborn architect bent on having his way.  The designs of the different areas of the compound are very cool, and as much as they represent the architectural style and needs of the famous Wright, but the buildings also capture a snapshot in time.  The tour guide was very well versed, and seemed to be a genuine fan of Wright's work and happy to be giving tours (even though I'm sure it must be tedious and repetitive).  Couple of tips...if you're visiting on a hot weather day, know that some parts of the 90 minute tour takes place outside, even though they do have a couple of umbrella syou can borrow for shade.  The air conditioning in the different areas is not that strong so if it is hot, try to plan to visit in the morning.  There are also areas you walk on with little pebbles, so wear appropriate shoes.  There's a good sized gift shop where the tour begins and ends near...leave some time to at least browse, especially the items made in the signature Wright deco design.  The view of the desert surroundings are beautiful...it was easy to focus on the building and sculptures, but don't forget to look around you to see how Wright designed in and around the environment.
4	I got a google offer for this place and did the 90 minute tour. It was definetly cool to hear the history and background of Frank Lloyd Wright and his decisions on how to build his house and also the school. An art or architect student would really like it. However, I'm not sure if it was worth it full price. A side note: if you're going like dead of summer, be sure to wear a lot of sun screen. They provide water and an umbrella (first come, first serve) but you are outside for quite a bit and in the sun for a bit too.
4	Okay so I'm stepping out of my comfort zone to write this review since I normally review restaurants or food events exclusively. However, I felt that Taliesin West had a great deal of rich flavors and cultural significance that I decided it was worth raving about.Well what's to say? Frank Lloyd Wright's winter home is a stunning piece of architecture that many can learn from and admire. The 60-90 minute tour is very fun and highlights Mr. Wright's genius thought processes in building design and also delivers several colorful and delightful anecdotes of a stubborn old man who had to have his way.The pictures here are Yelp are gorgeous but half of the fun is listening to the tour guides explain why certain rooms are shaped the way they are and how the history of this place came to be. It's all fascinating stuff and I highly recommend it. Also, the gift shop has lots of neat doodads that might be worth taking home. It's all a little expensive, yeah, but if you're into art and architecture, Taliesin West is a really fun place to be culturally enlightened.
5	I'm not sure I can say anything about Taliesin West that hasn't already been said, but I will add my voice to the chorus because I loved it so much.This was probably my favorite thing we did on our short trip to Phoenix in April. I've read about FLW- both non-fiction and historical fiction - and this was the first of his houses I've been able to see. It was so cool to be able to sit in the room where he held "Taliesin Nights" and sit at the table where he would meet with clients. I love that it's a working architecture school. Having students live and work at Taliesin keeps it a living, breathing work of art. Our tour guide was very knowledgeable and I enjoyed learning more about FLW. It inspired me to want to tour the country visiting all his houses!!After reading about Taliesin, I still had no idea how to pronounce it until I got there. FYI, it's ta-lee-EH-sin.
5	I went to visit Scottsdale years ago, and I remember the majority of the trip, but not the names of the places we went to. That is not the case for Taliesin West. I have always been a huge fan of Frank Lloyd Wright and have seen a couple of his designs in person. This one by far has been the best, and it was just breath taking for me. The grass was an amazing shade of green against the blue backdrop of a summer sky, and the cactus and other plants were aligned just right. If I lived closer to AZ I'd be a regular at this place because of the history and the obvious love and detail that Frank put into all of it. I didn't take a guided tour, I just walked along at my own leisure and enjoyed every second of it. You know when they say, "Go to your happy place"? Well this would be pretty much it for me. It doesn't even seem real now because of the immense beauty of the place. This was his winter home, and also an architecture school for some lucky students. I guess this place tugs on a heart string for me because I've always been an artist and a lover of architecture. I can find the beauty in every curve or angle in a structure. If you're out here and have a shot at going, please do yourself a favor and go. You won't be sorry.
4	We visited Taliesin West on a recent trip to AZ and really enjoyed the school children's tour.  The tour was geared toward 8-12 year old kids and my 9 year old son was inspired by the tour.1st, the knowledgeable and friendly tour guide had the demeanor of a retired 5th grade teacher with the knowledge of an architecture student. The perfect balance for this tour.  The tour had 4 children ranging from 7 to 14 and all stayed engaged throughout the 2 hour tour.I didn't realize that an architecture school is still housed at the property.  I'd love to come back in the winter and see the students "building" their "dorm rooms" in the desert.  How awesome would it be to study here?!!?As other have stated, the buildings are interesting but not luxurious or refined.  This truly is a permanent camp site rather than a fine home...  Check out the Biltmore AZ resort if you want to see refined FLW style...
5	This is the only work of his that I have seen in person. After living in the valley since 2002, I FINALLY decided to head out that way.  I found the information about the life and times of Frank Lloyd and his 3rd wife very interesting. The house was amazing and beautiful. I especially loved the local rocks cast into the concrete, and the lines that created a flow.   I would highly recommend this tour to any one with an interest in form, function, and beauty.
4	We're Frank Lloyd Wright design fans... and it was very interesting... but just don't go in the summer.   There isn't any A/C in the buildings, and you wander from one to the next on a tour that feels endless while you are about to expire in the Phoenix August. In the cooler months, I'm sure it's awesome.
5	Wow. Absolutely a religious experience for any fans of Frank Lloyd Wright (Also, walking 3 hours there in the Arizona heat makes it feel like you're on a pilgrimage, and you can check out his spire at Scottsdale Rd and Frank Lloyd Wright Blvd on the way). I've seen many of his creations, and this was certainly one of if not the best. I was able to see it at sunset, which was beautiful of course, but I feel like I want to come back now so I can take more pictures during the day. The gift shop is really nice and has a huge selection to choose from. I would suggest stopping here if you like architecture, art, nature, American History, live within 100 miles or are just a big fan of the man himself. It's an amazing feeling being and sitting in the sames areas he spent so much of his productive late career, and looking around imagining the gatherings that he and his wife put on, the conversations that happened, and the incredible moments of creation that took place. I was saddened by all of the local people who I talked to who either didn't know what it was or had never been there, but hopefully at least one of them decides to check it out based on my recommendation and I can die happy.
5	My husband and I splurged on the evening tour.  It was truly magical.  Viewing the exterior and interior of the home at night was breathtaking. If you love architecture and/or American design this is a MUST DO while in Phoenix area.  You can see the roots of what some call "Mid-Century Modern".FYI. The Tour we had was very light on architectural education/details and heavy on the "realty show factoids" of FLW.  If you want a deeper architectual tour, I recommend  Wrightours.com - -- TOGETHER  ----  with the evening tour of Taliesin West.  Wrightours.com and Taliesin West are not affiliated.  Contact Wrightours.com for packages.Truly two of the highlights of my stay in Phoenix!!!!
5	If you have any interest in Frank Lloyd Wright's works, you must see this fascinating architectural and historical gem not far from downtown Scottsdale.  Take the educational and interesting 90-minute guided tour which includes the interior living quarters, where you can sit on the original furniture and imagine yourself transported back in time to the era of FLW.  If you play piano, you may even be given the opportunity to play on the original living room piano (FLW loved pianos).  Others have noted that the outdoor parts of the tour are out in the sun, so carry plenty of liquid and if you are heat-sensitive, come early before it gets hot.I would like to return to Phoenix just to be able to experience the evening lights tour, and if I were local, I would come here again and again with any friends who might be in the area.Taliesin West is very different from Falling Water in western Pennsylvania (desert vs. rural forest), each has its special charms.The only thing I did not like was that half-way through the tour the guide offered up petitions for visitors to sign (if they wanted to), to object to allowing a local developer to tear down another old Wright site in Phoenix and prevent private development of the land(which the developer had paid for).  Land use preference  politics should be kept out of the Taliesin tour.
4	I went to the Taliesin West when my brother and his wife were in town. They are big architecture fans and I love Mid-Century Modern design. I was actually surprised by how much I enjoyed it! The tour was amazing and the guide was very informed and funny which made the walking tour bearable. The grounds are so great and it really feels like you stepped into a time machine. It was so interesting how FLW was such an environmentalist and a great way to learn about how we can use his ideas even today. I feel like parts of this local treasure will not always be on display for us so please do yourself a favor and see it now. I will for sure be back to see again!Wear walking shoes and if it is a sunny Arizona day then bring a hat and water. Don't forget your cameras but be aware there are areas of the house where photography is not allowed.
5	Absolutely incredible place. Great tour, interesting background information and nice people. The gift shop needs a facelift and maybe a few more smiles but once on the tour it's fantastic.Getting a peek inside FLW's mind and own dwellings provides an idea of what he was after: simple, easy and common sense design.
4	I visited Scottsdale, AZ with my dad last spring for MLB spring training.  The concierge at our hotel suggested we check out Taliesin West the night before the game.  I am so glad we went.  The architecture was very inspiring.  We took the Taliesin Nights tour which takes you into the house.  You can actually sit on Frank Lloyd Wright's original furniture! The tour guide was great :)
5	The Taliesin West is Frank Lloyd Wright's "Winter Camping Home" A MUST DO if you're visiting Arizona! A great way to admire and pay homage to one of America's Famous Architects - Frank Lloyd Wright (FLW)[history]Frank Lloyd Wright's original Taliesin home is in Wisconsin. After one of his major projects, he had money to purchase land in Scottsdale, Arizona for only $12.50/acre back in the 1930's. Frank wanted to pass on his legacy on and so he had apprentices and mentored them in Arizona and Wisconsin. Frank had drafted the architecture for his new home, but the apprentices had built/constructed the home itself. Frank named this place Taliesin West since it was located West of his Taliesin home in Wisconsin.[tours]INSIGHTS TOUR - 90 minutes; $32 adults (student and senior citizen discounts apply)The insights tour is one of the signature tours at Taliesin West, which gives you a glimpse of the rooms that were built. Your fees go straight to the FLW Foundation - a non-profit organization dedicated to "conserve the priceless tangible and intangible assets that are the legacy of FLW. NOTE - there are several other tours available (i.e. night tours, group tours, etc) so you may want to check their website for the other packages that they offer. You can also rent out the area if you want to book weddings, host parties, conduct seminars, etc. (requires rezzies).[limitations]FYI - all models, drawings, designs and works by FLW and the Taliesin Architects are exclusive property of the FLW Foundation and so therefore CANNOT be photographed, reproduced, copied, duplicated without written consent. You may take photos throughout the tour, but your tour guide will instruct you to when that time is allowed. They are just preserving and protecting the legacy of FLW and I totally understand!  Our tour guide was very knowledgable and was able to answer questions throughout the tour. He had been a tour guide for the last 13 years! Many of the employees here know their stuff about FLW! Each tour would be different as you would get a different spin from each tour guide, but nonetheless, you'd have a wonderful experience. FYI -*No smoking on tour*Bathrooms located in the gift shop*Parking is free*Located minutes away from Downtown Scottsdale*Beautiful view of the city and sky*75th Anniversary of Taliesin West (2012)*Correct address: 12345 N Taliesin Drive, Scottsdale, AZ 85258If you love architecture or would like to admire one of FLW's pieces, definitely stop by Taliesin West! Highly recommended whether if you are a tourist or not! Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #34
4	Ok, I have to admit that I erroneously did a review under the Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation, when it should have been a review for Taliesin West. So, in the name of fairness, I'm going to copy/paste my other review in here so the review is proper...fair enough? Thanks!______________________________________________________________I have to say that we love looking at architecture design, so having learned about Taliesin West, we knew we had to check this place out while we were in the vicinity. Soooo glad we did, because this place is amazing! I could try and tell you about it, but like most architecture, you have to SEE it to understand and/or appreciate it. I can tell you that my favorite part of this place is the Sculpture Garden...so many amazing forms and figures upon which to gaze. Truly beautiful stuff!I have to admit that we lucked out, because as many folks have already pointed out, there is a fee to take the tour. However, because Hubby's uncle is a catering manager, he's overseen many catering events that have been held at Taliesin West. Because of that, our group of four was allowed in for free to follow him around pretty much every nook and cranny of the grounds. It was all very informational and educational and enthralling.Thumbs up to the staff, who were all very nice and courteous and had no problem letting us go into areas that the tours did not visit...altogether, a great experience! :)
5	This was my 1st Frank Lloyd Wright house experience.  I've been to the Guggenheim in NYC--but that doesn't really count. I arrived at Taliesin West by myself, but I had such a nice morning touring the house with a group of about 15 others. Just to be helpful, I'm 25 and not necessarily the biggest fan of tours when I travel places. However, the tour guide, Bruce, was incredibly informative, very interesting, and this tour was awesome. The house in itself is so interesting, but the narrative that Bruce presented along the way made it much better. You learn a lot about FLW's life, and not just his techniques and material usage. All in all--two thumbs way, way up. I am going to visit his houses when I travel near some in the future. This is a must-see when you come to Scottsdale!
5	Wonderful.A great community partner, and super-nice tourist attraction.Great place to take out-of-town visitors for the day who want to learn more about the eclectic modern 20th century artist slash architect who lived among us for a great period of time.Frank Lloyd Wright has a nice following.Staff is super friendly.Tour guides are highly educated on the nuances of FLW, his life, works, time spent in AZ, and his properties.  Great story.Must See - maybe a few times.
5	As someone who finds the study of Frank Lloyd Wright - his life and achitecture - interesting, a visit to Taliesin West in Scottsdale was essential.  I've already been to Taliesin in Spring Green, Wisconsin.  Visiting the West School brings my understanding of Wright's life and work to a more complete conclusion.The property is located, appropriately at the "brow of the hill" overlooking the Scottsdale/Phoenix valley.  The location and tours are well promoted, well attended, and professionally managed.  Much like Taliesin in Spring Green, this is a step back in time.  The Frank Lloyd Wright Foundation has done a superior job of preserving Taliesin West as it appeared in Wright's final years of life.  Their tour guides are well versed in his architecture, life, and philosophies - which are all very interesting.Even if you've never delved into the world of architecture, or if you know nothing about Frank Lloyd Wright - Taliesin West is a must see in the Scottsdale area.  Once there, you'll begin to understand why Wright is still so famous and you'll learn how his architecture, his philosophies, and his vision is still influencing American life and buildings even today.
5	This tour is totally worth it, even for someone with a casual interest in architecture (me!).  The property is beautifully maintained and convenient to downtown Scottsdale.  There is plenty of parking on-site.  Our group of five arrived at about 1:30 in the afternoon on a weekday and we were able to get on the next available tour.  Our tour guide was knowledgeable about the property and about all things Frank Lloyd Wright.  We learned all about his life and his quirks, and about all the people he shared his life with (some of whom still live on the property!). About half of the tour is outside so dress accordingly.
5	The 2-hr night tour was a really fun and interesting experience.  We were incredibly lucky and got a guy for our tour guide who used to be one of the apprentices there many years ago.  His firsthand recount of the years he spent as part of the community were truly the highlight of the tour.  Beautiful, funky place!
4	We went on the 90-minute tour. It was rather busy when we arrived around 1pm on a Saturday afternoon. Fortunately, they added an extra tour time to accomodate everyone. The tour guide was very informative and told stories about Wright and the history of the school and property, which were pleasant and personal in tone. There are a few outdoor portions to the tour, so I would recommend dressing appropriately, bringing sunscreen, and borrowing one of the umbrellas provided by the tour. Also, it would be good to bring water, since there is only a vending machine at which beverages can be purchased. We were not prohibited or hassled at all about taking photos, which was nice. However, the tour tends to move fast, so you will want to time yourself well if you are interested in photos. The tickets are a little pricey at roughly $25-60 per person depending on the type of tour. There is a student/military discount of about $5 per ticket. The gift shop has a ton of books and some other interesting decorative items based on Wright's designs. Something I wish we could do is to take a self-paced tour. I personally prefer to explore things at my own leisure and be able to take photos. This is not possible with the current setup, since they are very strict about who goes where and when while on the property.
4	This is 100% worthwhile.I am taking a star away because our guide, Dan T, had some issues -- he did not project his voice loudly enough, he began talking before the entire group had arrived in each room, and worst of all, I had the impression he would make up answers if he did not know the answer to a particular question. For instance, when I asked if the furniture in the Garden Room was original, he made the ludicrous statement that most furniture doesn't last and needs to be replaced. Ever heard of an antique? Ever been to MoMA, where there are Wright originals on exhibit? I've been on many tours in my life, and there is a particular kind of guide -- he is this kind -- who answers a different question if he doesn't have the answer, instead of just saying "I don't know." This Dan was very proud of the fact that Taliesen wasn't a museum but rather a nonprofit business. Right on -- so if you are charging $35 for a tour, you'd better have your act together.With all that off my chest, depending on the luck of the draw with your guide, I'm really thrilled I got to visit Taliesen.
4	One of Frank's homes not to miss! The tours are reasonable and I only wish I were around longer to take advantage of the specialty ones.
5	Definitely worth a visit. The hour tour does not show everything but it was still good. Showed the highlights and the guide was good.
4	Taliesin West is a great and unique place to visit.  They offer several different guided tours with knowledgeable guides.  When I visited, it was about 120 degrees, so it wasn't extremely busy.  Get your tickets in the gift shop and use the washroom before the tour begins.  The washrooms are also in the gift shop.  The washrooms were bigger than I expected and clean.  You can bring water on the tour and they also gave us bottled water at the beginning of the tour.  There are a few umbrellas to borrow because some of the tour (maybe half) is outdoors, but you might want to bring your own for some shade.  You can take photos in most areas, but when moving between the rooms/areas, be quick with the photos because the tour keeps moving on.  I took the 90 minute tour and the time flew by.  Also, if you're tall, watch your head moving in and out of the buildings.  It can be easy to bump your head.
4	I went to Cal. my buds were architecture majors (hey!! whaddya know: Slanted Door's Charles Phan was one too!) I know about Fallingwater, and his days with the Imperial Palace in Tokyo. I even purchased a book on his time there. Was in town, so went to gain some amazing learning at FLW's studio.Though extremely hot while taking the few houred tour, great to see where this seminal cornerstone giant of Am Architecture worked and lived at times.Place looked very different from what I expected...almost....anticlimactic.Interesting enough. On a personal note, guy seemed like such a jerk in his personal life....most notably to his spouse(s). Boo
2	I had no idea who Frank Lloyd Wright was until we drove past this place and my BF started freaking out. He had just spent 3 days shopping with me so I couldn't deny him the chance to go visit. The tours weren't expensive since they were so long (I think 90 minutes?) but there was no option for a shorter, cheaper tour so we ended up passing. I ended up falling in love with a lot of his art and almost went home with the overpriced coloring book until I realized I would rather use the $10 to get another pair of shoes.
4	This was my second tour of this establishment within five years. Furthermore, this was  my third time at this location. I was on holiday with my family recently in the greater Phoenix area, and brought my wife, whom is a longtime F.L.W. fan with me. We unfortunately just missed a 11 AM tour, and had to kill an hour until the 12 noon 90 minute tour. Unfortunately, there is no place to dine at this location, as we were very hungry. They had peanuts and candy bars at the gift shop. I was not there more than ten minutes, snapping a picture of a F.L.W. inspired chess set, when the gift shop curator scolded me in front of a large group of strangers. Insisting all products are copyrighted and may not be exposed on film. Really I thought. These products are online, pictured, et al. I respected their policy but diss liked her methods. That started this latest visit off on the wrong foot with me. I was po'd big time.  I understood ex post facto that no pictures were allowed inside, but was unaware of this policy. I did not see any posted signage forbidding this prior to and while in the museum store.  I just wish the curator would have handled it without humiliating my wife and I in public.  I took a single picture. Such is life, let it be a waring to fellow photographers that no picture taking is allowed inside the book store, or a public flogging will ensue!  In fact, durign certain areas of the walking tour, no images were allowed. Take note.    Things hit another speed bump while my wife was returning tot he book store, a 15 minutes prior tot he tours scheduled start to use the bathroom. She came running out saying they started the tour a half hour early! So here we are, having paid with taxes, 70.00 dollars for the 90 minute tour, scheduled for a 12 noon departure, havign now missed 20 full minutes of the tour! We were livid! We were at present, publicly humiliated in the gift shop, an d now the tour began a half hour early, of which we missed twenty minutes. Terrific. We rapidly join the tour in progresses, we had a terrific and informative guide. An older fellow from IL originally, who owns a balloon company in Phoenix. He saved the rest of the visit to T.W. for us. I thought, I might be rehashing the tour I experienced from 2008, but I actually learned and relearned interesting trivia concerning F.L.W. and T.W. It was a warm day, about 85, it felt hotter to us, as we are from the NE, USA. Some rooms are air conditioned, while others are not. We were granted a two hour tour for the price of a 90 minute tour, that was very nice of them, but it would have been wise to have gathered all of us well i advance, as to not miss anything.    My wife and I, despite the few set backs, enjoyed the tour and aesthetics of the property, both natural and man made. I highly recommend visiting T.W. when in the Northern Scottsdale area. We purchased several fine items from the museum gift shop, they were expectantly pleasant as we dropped hundreds of dollars in there. A drastic change of tune from the start of the day at T.W. I have been interested in F.L.W. and his architecture since my undergraduate days at college years ago. This visit was a pilgrimage of sorts for both my wife and I. The tours are usually 90 minuets,they have two one hour tours, and a few 3-4 hour tours. Our tour group consisted of 25 people, including my wife and I. A few folks were from as far away as Europe. A pleasant and diverse crowd. Much more pleasant than the woman with the stick up her rectum inside the museum's gift shop lol!  One last annoyance to be aware of on this tour, at the very end of the tour, they try selling you memberships to join their F.L.W./T.W. appreciation society. That was a bit tasteless and unnecessary I thought, but they did not hassle you about it thankfully. I recommend checking the tour out earlier in the morning or in the evening, as it does get hot up on the mountain side, where this establishment is located. And by all means, do avoid walking amongst the cactus surrounding the property, it is filled with barbed cactus', rattlers, et al!!!
4	If you like American architecture at all, or are interested in learning more about it you should definitely take the tour of Frank Lloyd Wright's summer home.   The tour is a bit pricy, esp. if you go with your family ($36 a ticket), but I guess its the price you pay for admiring architecture since the foundation doesn't seem to generate revenue through many other means.Personally I liked Fallingwater and some of FLW's Chicago architecture better and thought they were much more tourworthy than Taliesin West.
5	really cool place to visit if you're into architecture and/or history. the winter home of frank lloyd wright, taliesin west is also an archetictural school that houses about 30 students.the tour takes about an hour, but there are more comprehensive options, i believe the longer tour is 3 hours.the cost for 2 of us was about 50 bucks, but it was worth every penny to see the beautiful campus.
5	Great place to see in Scottsdale. Learned a lot about Frank Lloyd Wright and saw a beautiful and interesting place. Check the tour times ahead of time. The wait between tours can be a little long if you get there at the wrong time.Great to find some real first rate culture amidst Arizona life. Truly a special place.
4	Not sure if it's every Tuesday, but tickets were $30 instead of paying $36/ticket. We had an awkward trainee tour guide for the 90-minute insights tour. Personally I would've been content to leisurely explore the grounds myself. However, since it's access by tour only, we sucked it up. Although some of the anecdotes he shared about Frank Lloyd Wright's designs were pretty interesting. We whipped out the fancy cameras, but came to find out that we couldn't take pics of certain places- especially the living room. Booo.I never knew Taliesin West is more than just his summer house-- but a campus fostering past and current "apprentices" til this day. Very much a testament to how Frank Lloyd Wright was such a baller of his time!
5	Genius. That's the word that completely describes Frank Lloyd Wright. Everything about this place is genius. Even the location is genius. There's something here for everyone. A bit nerdy? No problem, you'll be fascinated by how FLW designed things. What looks simple is actually quite complex when you examine it closely. Into the beauty? Also no problem; he has no problem using bright colors to please the senses.. Into landscaping and the desert? Got it covered. I recommend the 90 minute guided tour for full impact.  It'll be the most peaceful and educational 1 1/2 hours you've spent in a long time.Tip: If you buy tickets online (go to their site) you can save a few dollars.
5	I really thought I would not enjoy this but it would make my wife happy so we wrnt. I was wrong.  This was amazing!  Very very inspiring. I Don't Want to say it was life changing because that sounds a little weird but it was something I will remember for a very long time.
4	We first visited Taliesin West in 2005 before moving to AZ and loved it the first time. We toured the first time in June and it was pretty hot at the time. This time we visited in March and it was 100% more enjoyable. We also took our kids this time to share the FLW experience with them. We took the 90 minute tour and we were all NOT disappointed. Our tour guide was knowledgeable and attentive to questions. She was a former apprentice and architect and really knew her stuff. When two teenagers leave the place and say "you know, that was not a bad as I thought it would be. It was very cool and very interesting" is the best review I can give. I look forward to returning and taking a night lights tour. The tour is a little pricey, but I know they need to keep up the grounds and preserve the legacy for generation to come.  I wish I could live in the living room as I loved that room so much!
5	A very unique place in the Nature.  It's nice to see some of his work around the country.  I don't know if I like the sharp angles.  Que Sera Sera.  Should be on everyone's Scottsdale bucket list.  Great views, unique structure and grounds.
5	Go already if you haven't! The layout, buildings, history, tour guides and yes, even the store are phantastic. Enough said, can't add anything more to what others who liked it have already said.
5	This is a must see if you are in Phoenix for a weekend.  The artistic talent is mind blowing.  To think that he created this back in 1926 is unbelievable.  It's a fusion of nature, art, and living space.  We did the 90 minute tour and agree it was well worth the money.  We were 45 minutes late to our tour due to our navigation routing us all over Scottsdale.  So I would rely on their map on the website along with goggle maps.  I would also highly recommend the Arizona Biltmore, he did the lobby there.  It is really breath taking!
5	The "Insights" tour was on my bucket list for a long time. We both found it very engaging and interesting and informative. I am now looking at buildings in a different way. I went just to go- and walked away changed. My husband went because I dragged him and now wants to go see Frank Lloyd Wright buildings  in each city we travel to.XXX Warning XXX This may lead you to download Simon and Garfunkel's "So Long, Frank Lloyd Wright" and then hum it for the next several days.
5	Amazing!  Frank Lloyd Wright's architecture is just amazing.  Beautiful, natural, and relaxing.  The tour was really engaging and interesting.  Even my 10 year old and his friend were interested and paying attention the whole time.  Worth the trip to see it.
4	This is a fine example of how someone can build something so unique and spectacular when not shackled by the handcuffs of a corrupt HOA. A definite must see.
5	We made reservations online to buy tickets for the 90 minute tour.  Our tour was at 2PM and it was probably the worst time to have it as it was scorching hot outside and  1/2 the tour was outdoors.  At least they offered umbrellas and complimentary bottled water.  Our tour guide, John was knowledgeable and had lots to say that we went a few minutes over of our 90 minute tour.  It was interesting to see the various rooms and learn about Frank Lloyd Wright's unique style.  It was funny to see all the low ceilings and low doors as he made everything to his size thinking that was "normal."  We even learned about the lighting techniques that he developed.  I especially liked the architectural design of the underground cabaret theater.  I wouldn't mind watching a show there.  If you have a slight bit of interest in architecture, you'll enjoy the visit here.  Not for kids though...they'll be bored.
5	We had reservations for the night tour.  It is a 2 hour tour that takes you through many of the buildings and Frank Lloyd Wrights own rooms.  You even can sit on Frank Lloyd Wright's furniture!The view of Camelback Mountain and the Praying Monk is great.  Plus if you do the night tour in the summer, you will probably get to watch the sunset and cooler temperatures.  The night tour also features a small statue of a dragon that breathes real fire.  Be aware if you opt to do the night tour, the book store closes after the night tour starts so come early if you want to buy something.We learned lots of neat things about Frank Lloyd Wright like how he designed not only the homes, but he designed the furniture for the homes he built and arranged the furniture in the homes for his clients.  Taliesin West is unique as it was his own home, so he had no client to please and built it as he wished.Our tour guide was great.  Our tour had about 30 people in it.  It wasn't too many people we felt, and we heard the tour guide just fine.  Some doors in the buildings are a little narrow, just be aware.For AZ residents, Taliesin West was offering a 50% off discount for tours through 08/31 when we visited last week.  The discount code we used was AZResident.Definitely worth seeing though if you are a local or have out of state guests visiting!  Enjoy some AZ history!
3	So if you've been a FLW tour in IL or Falling Water, this may be a disappointment. I know I was. It's all about the architecture and I get that but it is related in every room you visit. I did the 90 min so you get into "private" spaces. There is little in this your about the Man, his apprentices, or what it took in 1939!!!! To build out there. What he expected of his apprentices. What life was like without water for months and electricity for years. And how he persevered between WI and AZ in an age without highways or trains yet. And that urban sprawl came to Wright as much as he tried to avoid it. So it a a nice place. Don't bother w more than 60 minute tour. Don't worry about shoes you're either inside or on pea gravel - I thought we would visit apprentice site out from the house. Not so. And don't worry about the heat. You are in and out of air conditioned rooms. Go check it off your list and move on to other wide open spaces of AZ.
5	Fantastic tour if you are a fan of Frank Lloyd Wright architecture.  Our guide actually told us at the very beginning of the tour that Frank Lloyd Wright was somewhat of an eccentric (everyone knows that) and if you wanted to know more about THAT part of his life "...there are plenty of books that explain that" (great way to have addressed that I thought, because otherwise the entire 90 minutes of the tour could have been about HIM and not Taliesin West!).  We made reservations for a 10am tour, which is a good idea, even in Oct it gets warm.  There were about 20 people in our group, which is probably the average tour size.  The tour encompasses much of the house, outdoor areas, and nice balance between both so no one can say it was too hot during the entire tour.  Its a bit of walking, but again, there are opportunities in between where you will be sitting down listening to the guide.  Great planning!  There was a nice balance of information, facts, and tidbits of what life at Taliesin was like for Wright and his apprentice/students.  The book store is incredible, plenty of books about Wright, his works, general architecture, unique gift items with a wide range of prices.  I cannot imagine anyone coming away disappointed.  One cannot compare this to other FLW tours or homes, because this was a place where Wright lived, not built for any client of his.  It epitomizes HIS tastes and desires.
5	What a beautiful place.  The guides are nice and pass one some great info.  I've done the 60 and 90 minute tour, both were enjoyable.  Gift shop has some great treats.
2	This rating is a review of the tour, not the building, since thats how most people will access the site. i've been on 2 tours here now, since I love the building and wanted to come back and visit again with a friend. Here's the short version of the review: if you're going to give me an expensive tour, give me an expert; and if you've got lots of poor students on site, help them to make money by allowing them to give tours and sell their work in the gift shop. The foundation sees the tour guides here as baby-sitters more than anything else. However, they charge nearly the fee for the tour that you would expect for an expert. Unfortunately, the tour guides are not experts. They are typically nice volunteers from nearby. I'm not sure why the Foundation can't have the students help out or run the tours, at least once or twice a day. They do this at the Maison de Verre, for example, and they charge about the same price, but the guides are students doing PhD's in some aspect of the house. So they can speak with authority. It seems like a high-level management oversight to not take advantage of the students knowledge and skills here. For example, why can't I pay a student to take me around the house? Futhermore, nothing in the gift shop is made by students. The students are allowed to occasionally set up a little table where they can sell prints. Why can't the foundation sell their work for them in the museum shop?
1	My friend and I booked 2 back to back combo tours.  We started out at 9am on a Saturday morning for the 90 min insight tour and then took the 11am desert walk tour.  Both of our guides were very pleasant and professional, we thoroughly enjoyed the actual tour and loved the Taliesin West property. The gift shop was beautiful and interesting, full of very unique items, and we ended up buying a business card carrying case and a book after leisurely browsing after our tours. There was only ONE part of the day that reflected very poorly on the staff of Taliesin West.  Our first tour had more than 20 people in it, so my friend I didn't really have an opportunity to take many pictures of the patio and outdoor gardens during the tour since we were ushered along at a rather rapid pace.  We planned to come back and snap a few pictures after the tour when we had more time.  At around 1pm, when we tried to take a few mins to take photos, two staff members (one female one male) very rudely came out and told us we were NOT allowed to proceed any further without a tour guide.  We politely explained to them that we had paid for 2 back to back tours and didn't have the time to take any pictures due to our larger tour group.  They told us we could only be in the front part of the garden area within their sight for a few minutes.  So we proceeded to do so.  Another tour guide (female) rounded the corner and saw us taking some pictures in front of a tall cacti and immediately asked us what we were doing and after we told her we had paid for a tour, she went into the office to "report" us to the other staff members.  The original female who said we could take pictures in the front within her eyesight came out and demanded that we leave immediately. She told us rudely that we were violating their policy, etc.  She did not seem to remember or care that she JUST told us we could take pictures in the front as long as we were within view of them.  Now, I understand what the policy is all about -- it makes sense that visitors should book a tour when visiting Taliesin West.  The thing is, we booked not just ONE but TWO tours and it is NOT our fault that we were hurried along at a pace where we had to choose between listening to our tour guide or taking pictures (due to our larger group of 20+ people).  If these two staff members understood what "customer service" even meant, they would have taken a few minutes out of their time to escort us quickly around to allow us to not violate their "policy".  It would have taken 5 mins of their precious time but instead they chose to talk DOWN to us, embarrass us, and cause us feel unwelcome at Taliesin West.  They spoke to us with ZERO empathy as if we were trespassing on their own private property.  Our point of visiting this site was to admire the work of Frank Lloyd Wright and to gain insight on his architectural journey and philosophies, not to be humiliated by the staff.  I hope that this review will reach the managers at Taliesin West and help them realize how they managed to color our experience in a very negative light after having enjoyed our tours and overall experience there.  Recommendation for future visitors of Taliesin West -- TAKE AS MANY PICTURES AS POSSIBLE during the tour because there is NO WAY they will allow you to take anymore at the end. TRY to be in a tour group that is less than 15 people or you will be hurried along at a fast pace, especially if you are one that enjoys soaking up the atmosphere.
4	Go west, young man.  To Taliesin West, that is, the pet project of America's greatest architect, which lives on as a museum, residence, school, and anti-establishment cult headquarters all in one.  The two-hour "insight tour" offers a special and unique glimpse into the life and work of the misunderstood and deeply flawed (note, the tour guide would take extreme issue with those qualifiers) genius that was Frank Lloyd Wright.  Because Mr. Lloyd Wright prefers things to be simple, here are the three simple reasons to do this tour.First, Taliesin West, tucked into a remote, bucolic section of the Sonoran Desert, is worth visiting for its sheer beauty alone.  Words do not do this place justice.  And for better or worse, the only way to experience all of the physical magnificence of his work is to pay for the tour (more on why the $32 fee is actually absurd later).Second, contrary to what some other Yelpers have posted, the tour itself is very informative, though I suppose how much you get out of it depends on the tour guide.  Our tour guide was extremely amusing and passionate about explicating the genius of FLW.  And make no mistake about it, he was a genius.  Further, much of the property remains as it was back when FLW inhabited it, and it continues to remain in use today.  Therefore, the tour has more of an authentic feel than most.Third, as I alluded to before, the tour guide (at least the one I had) was positively insane, in a most entertaining way.  As it so happens, the FLW Foundation seems to breed a loyalty and devotion to FLW so great that the Taliesin tour guides, or at least my guide, would likely go to war to defend their fearless leader's honor.  "Frank Lloyd Wright just gets it," was the most common refrain to hear on this two-hour tour, uttered typically in an angry or otherwise disturbed tone.  "HE UNDERSTOOD THIS."  How did he know that aluminum would hold up in the rain?  "BECAUSE HE USED ALUMINUM IN HIS SHOWER FOR THREE YEARS!"  Why is his master bedroom so small?  BECAUSE WHY DO YOU NEED A BIG ROOM IN WHICH TO BE UNCONSCIOUS!  Literally every eponymous decision Mr. Wright made cut against the grain -- nay -- destroyed the grain, just as Mr. Wright advocated not "thinking outside" the box, but "destroying the box."  Moreover, Mr. Wright was a brilliant man of the people and of nature, something of a cross between Marx and Einstein and Confucius.  Mr. Wright didn't believe in a mark-up above ten percent.  He always said, "Value received, not perceived."  "For $5,000, you should have an architect design you your perfect home."I know, you're already hooked.  You long to drive out deep into the desert now, to go see this amazing place and listen to this crazy man.  I take off only one star because of the sheer hypocrisy of the pricing of the tour, given the apparent moral and philosophical persuasion of Mr. Wright that is so forcefully jammed down each visitor's throat.  How is it that the value of this tour could be $32?  If you went on the tour 156 times, you'd spend $5,000, which, according to Mr. Wright and his tour guide, should be enough for a FLW residence (which will last you a lifetime, because buying a house is the most important decision you will ever make in your life, and it's a disgrace that people usually move out of their house every four years and don't get their dream house until they're retired).  Make this tour free instead of deviating from the otherwise uniformly socialist diatribe (which may or may not actually reflect FLW's actual views), and I'll add the star back.  This cult deserves it.
