5	I've been coming here for the past eight years or so and I began going here when the place was still known as Payton's. Since the new ownership took over they replaced all of the old TVs with high definition flat screens so now all of the games look great! They also improved the patio by adding a canopy which covers the entire area so that the sun doesn't interfere with with the picture of the TVs as well as making the patio area much more bearable during the early part of football season. The beer selection is exceptional with a wide variety of domestics and imports. However, an easing on the price would be much appreciated. The bartenders are efficient and make solid drinks. The menu is for the most part identical to the one that Payton's had with a few additions and omissions, and the salad line-up is stellar. Overall the food is good especially compared to other sports bars and the chefs have been consistently good. The entire staff is friendly, efficient, and helpful. This season we've had a strong turn out on the "Saints" patio, which mirror the Saints performance I might add. For the second season in a row we've been fortunate enough to have Alexis looking after us outside. She's as stunning as the Saints offence, has the eyes of Audrey Tatou, and I think I'm in ****! In conclusion, I spend the entire football season at this place and I've never been disappointed. This is one of the choice bars to watch sports in the valley.
2	I really try to like this place because it is close to home and my friends like to go play pool and have a few beers here, but the food is just awful. I've had about 6 different things (I've really tried to find something decent), but I just haven't liked anything except the french fries. Go here to get a few drinks, but as far as food goes...go somewhere else.
3	Nothing special here.. Cheap beer for happy hour.. 16oz drafts for $2. The nachos were very good and a friend raved about the clam chowder.. He actually threatened to lick the bowl. The music is way too loud for a sports bar. There's pool tables, which is nice, but we didn't play. Overall it's a decent place to go when you can't think of anywhere else to go.
3	Just went here for opening night NFL!! New HD TVs, off track horse betting, and a waterfront view! Ordered off happy hour menu and the .35 wings (Thursdays) were fantastic! Great bar service too. We'llbe back.
4	We live just around the corner, less than a mile away and I walk my dog by here pretty frequently, so my boyfriend and I kept saying, man, we gotta go there sometime. Finally last Sunday we went to watch some football. It's a pretty simple place, doesn't seem to have any real city or team affiliations. They have a small patio and a few pool tables. I had the chipotle chicken sandwich with avocado, bacon and pepper jack cheese. The perfect thing to go with a beer. It was nice because they have a pretty good variety of side options. I had the home-made chips which were quite good. They had a gameday special of $2.00 domestic pints, if I'm not mistaken. They said they have poker a couple nights a week and some "unofficial" karaoke, sounds like a couple of their regulars bring in their own karaoke equipment and they just let them do their own thing. The service was a little slow, but it was game-day and our server seemed to be serving the entire restaurant. They have plenty of TVs and had everyone of the games going, plus some horse racing. I saw a complaint that it was loud. I didn't think it was too bad, I was able to sit and have a conversation with a girlfriend without shouting while the boys watched football. Overall, great neighborhood spot, I'm pretty psyched that I can walk there!
3	this place is cool, cold beer, food is not great, but they do have OTB
5	Can't say enough about how great this place is.  I've been coming to this bar for about 2 years now. Food is fabulous and atmosphere is always fun. Definitely visit this place sometime....their prices are great also!
5	New remodel, new ownership.  Awesome food, service, and atmosphere.A++.  Looking forward to coming back!
4	Wings were perfectly cooked but a little bit short on sauce. Jalapeno poppers wear large and tasty. Service was great. Atmosphere was great.
5	Great place to come and watch the games on Sunday - my bf is a huge packer fan and there are lots of fellow packers in their green & gold.  Food is good, really nice servers and a fun atmosphere - most of all the price is good too.
5	love the wings on thursdays. great location. very nice bar with tons of tvs. always have hockey on for the rare hockey fan . my girlfriend and I love it!
4	Always a friendly staff and GREAT food for a sports bar!
5	Taco Tuesday's are the best, cheap tacos and Corona.
3	We came here a lot to play pool and knock a few back. A game of pool was 75 cents which was really nice. When we ordered food it was ok - nothing amazing, just typical bar food. I wouldn't come here for a full meal though - every time we did our food took over 20 minutes to come out, and was also cold (probably had been sitting ready to go for some time). The service is incredibly slow no matter how busy they are, even if you're just ordering a drink at the bar. We'll come back of course for pool and drinks, just not the food.
4	Would be a good place to watch a sports game.Husband and I have been here a few times for their Sunday & Saturday reverse happy hour. It's usually pretty quiet when we go, but it hasn't bothered us since we just wanted some food and drinks. The quesadilla is one of the better ones I have tried around the area, and their drink specials are pretty good. The bartenders are usually nice and attentive.
1	This used to be our hang out. We would visit at least once a week to okay darts and have drinks. We originally went there because they were the only place nearby with a dart board. However, as we became regulars, we got to know the staff and they were great. They were also friendly to our vapor cigarettes. One night a customer who was disgruntled by about something else (as was told to us by one of our favorite bartenders) complained about our vapor. The owner decided not to back us and said we needed to discontinue immediately. I understand that vapor can give the impression of smoking. I even understand that an owner might make a business decision to now allow this. What I don't understand is not having a conversation with folks who had spends thousands at their establishment but instead all but showed us the door. I let our favorite bartender know that, as much as I hated doing this, I could not bring my business back. I kept my word and we have not been back for over a year. This after being there multiple times weekly for two years. Bottom line I felt like customer loyalty did not mean a thing.
4	I live about a half mile away from here. During the two years I've lived in this close proximity, I never went inside until a couple of weeks ago.  I don't know why that is but I guess it has something to do with its very odd location and the fact that there really isn't any other reason for me to be in that plaza.  I decided to stop in for Wing night (Thursdays - $0.40 wings) and watch a hockey game and I'm glad I did.  It's a very good sports bar with great specials, tons of TVs, a bunch of outdoor seating, pool tables, etc.  The happy hour specials are very good (half priced apps and cheap drinks) and the food that I've tried in my two visits has been good.  The music can get very loud around the bar but, hey, you're at a bar.  If you're familar with the area it reminds me of a better organized Public House Garage or a cleaner CKs.
1	I'm giving this place a one star review for one reason only. The bartender Danielle is horrible! Never seen a bartender with such a horrible attitude and I honestly don't know how she still has a job.
4	Good wings even better screwdriver plenty of TVS NICE  location kinda of on the expensive side. It's a  cardinals bar  but they show every  game that's on during Sunday
1	Just moved to the neighborhood from Colorado and was excited to visit a local sports bar. We wanted to watch the Broncos game, decided to sit outside... What a HUGE mistake. Patrons were disrespectful, obnoxious, and too drunk. Multiple unnecessary comments were made toward my family for no reason. The worst part of it was they were being catered to by the staff/ownership. Although our waitress was pleasant, the overall experience was very disappointing.
