5	As far as I'm concerned this is the best corporate sandwich shop. If you've never been, when you order a sub they literally slice the meat in front you.. its more like a deli experience than a pre-weighed, pre-measured corporate chain. Their white bread is so soft and squishy and does a wonderful job of absorbing mayo, oil, vinegar.. this to me is what a sub should taste like. Also, they are doing the $5 dollar sub deal here, any cold sub 5 bucks!!!
4	Our goto for subs in surprise, unlike subway they actually have the meat slicer right behind the counter and slice the meat fresh before your eyes, they have a variety of bread choices and do both cold and hot subs, they offer four different sizes I believe the largest is 16" I usually eat half and take the other half to work the next day. they also have fresh baked brownies and cookies (you can tell because they're different shapes and wrapped in celophane instead of vacuum seal)But the best part "THEY DELIVER" I don't think people use this service a lot because when you call they act like they've never delivered a sub before, but for a few dollars extra you can actually have something other than pizza or chinese delivered to your door.my goto for a cold sub in surprise
5	Always pleases and puts a smile on my face. The bread is always fresh and flavorable. The toppings are plentiful  and fresh. Perhaps the best sub sandwich for reasonable price. The chocolate chip cookies are homemade and a so delish.
4	A very good sub!  The bread is fresh, the vegies cold, and the taste overall is perfect for a nice cold sandwich!  This location is always clean, cool, and friendly help, so worth a visit for lunch!Enjoy!
5	Simply put, F-subway.
2	Let me first say that I love Mr. Goodcents Subs.  I just don't like this location.  Every time i have gotten a sandwich from this location there is almost no meat compared to the location next to ASU West.  Usually I get double meat because I am a big guy, and even then it is just a little sad.  Now I have never weighed it and compared it to the other location but it certainly seems like its a lot less.  Finally it drives me nuts that the people behind the counter don't know what a pepperchini is.  I ask if they have them and they say yes. Most of the time what they have is banana peppers but sometimes they actually had pepperchini's.  Never know what you will get but that just frustrated me. I can say that the people that work here are really nice and that the restaurant is very clean and the food fresh.  But These little things just drive me crazy and i finally stopped eating there even though it was the closest restaurant to my house.
3	Tried this place for first time.  Will have to agree with other Yelper that they skimp a bit on the meat.  Couple extra slices of each would be nice.  Did like fact that they don't slice meat until you order, so you're not getting pre-fabbed meat packets that you don't know how long they've been out.Sub did have good flavor and liked the freshness of the bread.  May try another location just to see how they compare.
5	5 stars? For a sub shop? Yup, absolutely! Subway feels like an  assembly line compared to this place. Fresh rolls, all the cold cuts are prepared and sliced as you wait. Even the olives were really good, and I'm a bit of an olive snob. I had the footlong tuna on whole wheat. The tuna was really fresh and it was a generous helping as well. Great pepper jack cheese that had a nice kick to it. I got it to go but I took a quick look around the inside and it looked clean and inviting. They had a TV mounted on the wall that had some sports playing. It had kind of a family diner feel to it. On Sundays, any footlong cold sub is only $3.95. $3.95!!! I've paid that for a greasy pizza slice. For the same amount here you can get a delicious, fresh and healthy meal. I can see this place being on the regular Sunday lunch rotation. Besides, it's a local business so why not support them? Give it a shot...highly recommended!
3	Fresh ingredients, meats and cheeses sliced to order. Reasonable prices. Plus, $3.99 footlongs on Sundays can't be beat.
4	I prefer this over subway anyday, used to avoid them when they first opened here due to higher prices, but they have since add $5 footlongs as an option.I always get tuna subs at sub places and the tuna made at Goodcents is one of the best I've ever had (close second to Amiel's in Rochester, NY). That and the fresh rolls and fresh sliced cheese all add up to a great sub and a great sub shop.
3	Much better than Subway...especially the bread.  The employees are always great and accommodating.  This store is also a really big supporter of our community and they deserve our business because of it.  I just wish they had spinach as an alternative to lettuce.
4	confirmed better than subway blimpie quiznos etc etcNot really much else to say that hasnt been said above. Wished they had more vegetarian options :(
4	I have to say they are better than Subway, that's for sure. At least they put meat and cheese and the fixing's on your Sub not like subway where they measure everything and you get home and you pretty much just taste the bread. The staff is young but very polite and helpful. Maybe a little suggestion...if you can make homemade salads like Macaroni, potato salad it would be alot better.
5	Awesome subs clean and friendly well priced.
3	Always wanted to stop by, and give them a try. Only thing that stopped me were some bad rumors of how clean they are? But then again, how clean is all the places we eat at?? So I had their 8" Meat Ball sandwich, this was my second choice? I wanted was their cheese steak! But they were out of cheeses steak. But I do not regret their meat ball sandwich. It was very good, wish their bread would have been more toasted. But I thought it was good anyways. Place looks like and feels like a lot like Subway. But I do agree, they do add more meat to the sandwich. I will probably come back again.
3	Love the sandwiches, but you can feel the resentment from the staff.  Not sure what's going on there, but over the course of 3 years, each and every person I've ordered from made me feel like they really hated making the sub.  Maybe that's why they put the hard wood-like pepper stem core on every sub I've ever ordered.  The subs are good, that's why I keep going back. I just find that hard wooden pepper-stem part and remove it.  The store down on Bell @ 91st is a whole different story.....they seem genuinely happy to have you as a customer, but I'm not driving that far for a sub.
5	Why oh why can't there be one of these closer to my house?! I would take them any day over Subway. Their bread is fresh, their meat and cheese is sliced perfectly thin. This may sound strange too, but every Mr. Goodcents I've been too has the BEST soda fountain Coke. Okay...I said it. Judge me. I do prefer the Mr. Goodcents over in Tempe off of 48th Street, but this one is just as good.
5	This location is CLOSED! Boo!!!! The subs were awesome! : (
3	I really like the Goodcents chain. I would eat here 100% of the time over subway, but this particular location doesn't seem to get a lot of business and as such seems to have a less fresh product than other locations. With that said, I would still choose the slightly less than fresh Mr. Goodcents over subway.
1	It's been shut down... Rental issues
3	Mr. Goodcents closed during road construction and has since reopened as Goodcents Subs and Pastas. Not much has changed since they lost the "Mr." the ingredients and menu seem to be the same as always. The daily specials have been switched up, Sundays now offer two footlongs for $8.50. It's still a great deal that hits the spot!
5	This place has always been amazing. I love Goodcents and I love being the General Manager here. We reopened on January 11th and business has been picking up everyday. We currently have specials that run everyday, all day. Please see below:Monday - $4.00 Ham, Turkey, Pepperoni OR Centsable (Bolgona & Ham)Tuesday - Any 2 Half (8" cold) subs, 2 drinks & 2 sides (chips or cookies) $12Wednesday - Winning Wednesday (Everyone wins)Thursday - 99 cent sides (chips, cookies, brownies & drinks) w/ 8" Half sandwichFriday - 25 cent cookies (limit 5) (peanut butter & chocolate chip)   (And soon to come in May is double chocolate chocolate chip)Saturday - $35 Party Trays (Reg. $43.99 feeds 12-15)Sunday - Any 2 feet of subs for $8.99 (ex. 2 footlongs or 3 halves or 1 ft, 1 half & 1 qtr) (Cold subs only)We also offer our $5 footlongs everyday. They are as follows:*Hickory Turkey*Ham*Pepperoni*Tuna*Centsable (Bologna & Ham)Come check us out. We deliver as well. Hope to see you soon at this amazing spot!!!
5	I LOVE Mr. Goodcents subs!!!! The bread is  always fresh and delicious. I appreciate the fact that they slice the meat and cheese in front of you. Plus they are reasonably priced and WAY better than Subway. Today I had the turkey and pepperoni $5 special. It was delicious as usual. The staff there are always friendly and pretty quick when making your sub (even though it was lunch time on a saturday and they were trying to make party platter orders).
4	Their subs are so incredibly delicious. Everything always tastes so fresh. They have decent prices and great specials too. I have also tried their pastas and they are equally delicious. This location delivers to my house too, which is an added bonus. They are always quick to deliver and very friendly.
5	Love this place because all the ingredients are fresh and the bread is delicious. It's my new favorite sub place!! Recommended to all my friends and family!
5	My go to spot for a sandwich. I hate subway with a passion, so its nice to see that there is a place close to me that lets me get my sandwich fix.
5	Great food. Ordered a chicken bacon club hot and an Italian sub cold. They were both deliciousness. We watched some sports on the TVs they have. Child friendly environment , polite staff. Recommend to anyone that need a nice sandwich for lunch. Cheers!
5	What a pleasant surprise in Surprise, AZ.  I urgently needed a restroom on my way to Las Vegas and there seems to be next to nothing on that stretch of highway 303.  Suddenly there's Goodcents, more like "god sent."  Clean bathrooms, friendly staff, good food, too, as a bonus.  :-)  Thanks, Goodcents.
