4	this shop offers a lot of top branded goods.It includes make like gstar, diesel and lyle and scott, but it can be a bit pricey.The staff are friendly and approachable.
3	Much to my boyfriend's disdain, I am very much a fan of street fashion. I like the old 80s burnt out hip hop look and probably like to think I'm from Brooklyn.I thought I'd like Xile more by its window display. Inside, it was very much a bipolar experience of hit or miss. I love their Rare collection and I like the 80s inspired hoodies and Nike ranges of canvas shoes. Where it falls short for me are the G Star and Gio Goi offerings. That's veering towards trendy a bit too much for my tastes, and that's when I left. But a lot of people are into clothing like this, and it is very much for the people who like upmarket trends like Fred Perry and the like. It's a bit too much of a football casuals revival trend for me, but they sell a lot of high quality brands that many people will enjoy, with a bit more urban variety and class than places like Colours.
3	I always have the same experience with the clothing available in such places as Xile.The retro trainers, attractive hoodies and 80's style T-shirts appeal to me as a concept but in practice ie; when actually wearing such gear, I feel like a carbon copy of Vanilla Ice....this is not a good look.The Goi Goi and G-star ranges add the chav factor but lest this completely deter you, there are some unique and stylish items hidden amidst the yob stuff.
3	I agree with Marj, the window display looks a hell of a lot better than the inside. They play the game well!!The clothes are cool though, it's worth spending a bit of time looking around.It's pricey though, watch out for that.The staff are really friendly and annoyingly cool too. Wish I could be as cool as that.
3	Xile Clothing has a bit of an odd positioning in Princes Mall, just in comparison to the rest of what's available in the centre. Most of the other shops are very high street, and aren't really angled towards the designer route, whereas Xile is a bit higher on the price range.There's a lot of denim and casual wear here, and Xile is the UK's largest independent stockist of Lyle & Scott, a brand which makes fashion knitwear for men and women. Reliably good quality brands Replay and Diesel feature here, as well as Barbour, Luke, Fornarina, Paul & Shark and Ugg. It's definitely worth coming in here to have a peek at the jeans on offer, and now and again they do have some stand out pieces that are quite unique, because they're not selling brands that are available everywhere. This is a smart looking shop and the staff are friendly, so if labels are your thing, then you should enjoy browsing here. I find it a bit too expensive for impulse buying, which I'm a fan of, and a lot of the stuff isn't really my style, but I'd still definitely recommend having a peep round to see if you fancy anything.
