4	I love this store.  They have a huge selection of all kinds of stuff.  Their own private label, Charter Club is pretty awesome & cute.  I've gotten some unique serving pieces off the clearance tables at greatly reduced prices.  Also some fab sheets, duvet covers, pillowcases on their weekend sales.  If you visit a Macy's out of town, if you show ID, they give you an 11% off visitors pass/coupon that's good for 5 days.
4	Love this store! I'm a big fan of shopping on a bargain and this department store is one of my favorites. I always find somethign cute in the clearance section, plus I got a free printable coupon for 10% off of merchandise at www.destinationcoupons.com! Any opportunity to save money on my favorite hobby is very welcome, haha!
2	Struck out at Dillards so I ended up here. I am not a huge fan of Macy's but thought it was worth a shot. I almost wish I didnt go in. The sales lady was older...much older. I explained that I was looking for a strapless bra that had a low back on it and she kept showing me every thing but what I wanted. I finally saw that they did not have what I was looking for and had to bail. Sorry grandma..not gonna get a sale from me today.
3	Love this place...don't always love the prices. :( If you have to pay full price and do not have any coupons or a discount for using your Macy's card then sometimes its not worth it. HOWEVER - they often have some decent sales on ESPECIALLY if you use a Macy's card. Downer on that -another credit card we all don't need. Still, they have a great selection of everything from clothing, cosmetics, furniture, house goods ext. So, when someone tries to take me here and they don't have any coupons I always say I "May C" about that.....hahahaha.
3	It is a suburban mall, what more do you want. It is not Walmart, so you can actually get clothes that are stylish in fabrics that do not feel like those brown paper towels, we were forced to use in Grade school
5	My grandmother & I went to Macys to look for a dress for her. Walking through the store I saw the most beautiful dinning set I wanted to get for my new home being built. It took us a while to find someone to assist us, then we saw Jaqueline! The design I wanted did not come in "pre-packaged" sets, so Jaqueline got a cart from somewhere to assist us. I purchased well over 60 individual items and she was so patient and helpful while I picked out everything that matched. She also told us we could get the sale discount that wasn't coming up until the weekend but we just had to wait until after the sale to actually pick the items up. I wasn't in a rush anyways to take them home because my house isn't built yet. BUT because she was applying the discount for me, she had to ring up each item individually. This took a long time because of the amount of items, and I kept adding more as we went a long. As soon as finished paying, my grandmother & I both looked at each other as stated this was the BEST service we have ever received at ANY Macys. I always shop at this Macys with my mom & grandma and hope to see Jaqueline again and receive the service she provided from the entire staff.
3	The store itself is nice. I have been here many times and always find it hard to find an associate to help..guess going on weekends does not help.This past weekend, I went to return something and was able to do so easily. I was looking for a particular fragrance that I found Macys does not carry anymore. The manager in the cosmetics section was very helpful and suggested alternatives which was great.I thought I would try on some sandals. Liked a pair and found someone to help me get my size. She brought it to me and asked me to check with her if I needed anything else. I needed another size so had to wait till she attended to other customers, it being a busy day and associates helping customers and billing all at the same time. It took over 10 minutes and 1 reminder to get the size I needed but I understood the delay...the associate was very nice and apologetic.I went back to the counter to buy the shoes and check on another pair I wanted to buy as well and asked another associate if I had to wait for the person who had helped me in case I had a question. She said yes.Well, I waited for another 10 minutes..and ended up leaving as I did not have more time. I will go back again but try to avoid weekends. Also, maybe Macys should re look at their policy about having the same associate help customers and bill them too as they may lose a few sales as a result!
1	They have the absolute WORSE customer service. So sad. No wonder I goto Nordstroms. Dillards even treated me nice. Time for Macy's to take notes...tisk tisk tisk.
3	I typically like Macy's stores but this one is lackluster, in terms of retail offerings. Proof of this, is out of all the visits here, I bought only one item, some years ago (using a sale coupon). I prefer the Boulevard Mall location, locally (I've bought lots of items there). The setup is fine- women's clothing, shoes, lingerie, handbags, jewelry and makeup is on the lower level. The upper level has men's clothing, everything for the kitchen and home (in the middle), children's clothing, and seasonal (yeah, Christmas items are already up, for all the early birds). There was a sale in the women's shoe department, so there was a busy vibe in particular. The store itself is clean, and there are many associates on the floor. We really like the parking lot on the side of the mall at Macy's entrance, which usually has empty spots. It's usually very crowded in the area in front of Red Robin (entrance doors).
3	I have to start off by admitting I'm not a huge Macy's shopper.  I go when I need something I think they'll have.  Today it was luggage.  Well, first of all, my mistake as it was a one day sale.  The place was a zoo!  The aisles were packed with merchandise, there wasn't enough cashiers and people were shopping as if their lives depended on it.That being said, I found a very nice young man in the luggage department who helped me.  I was looking for a particular size luggage in a certain brand and he went in the stock room looking for it.  Sadly, they didn't have the size I really wanted but I bought the next size down.  I looked for the least busy cashier (4 people in front of me loaded down with stuff, 2 cashiers, & a woman complaining about something) and joined the queue.  Lucky for me there were 2 very nice women behind me and we started chatting.  At least the time went quicker.  Really, I feel that when there's a big sale on, Macy's should have more cashiers and floor staff.  perhaps that's why I don't usually shop there?
2	I seriously think that some associates need a lesson in customer service. Went to buy a food processor and needed some help. I went up to the person at the counter as I did not see anyone around. She came to help me but was very curt and did not seem to have enough information about the products so I was essentially left to my own research(You know how some people seem so disinterested in helping you that you decide not to waste any more time)I finally went up to pay and gave her a card that had over 150 on it and i was sure cause i had shopped for something less than a month ago. She scanned the card and told me that I had 28 on it. I asked her to check again and she said my card (which was  a macys gift card) had crashed her register. I requested for the card and said I would like to check back at another register as i was pretty sure that i had much more on my card. She said she would need to undo the transaction and tried again and the card showed the correct balance this time. I was glad that I checked but this whole experience was far from pleasant.
4	When there are sales, it is best to get your butt in gear and get to the store. Right now they are having an up to 75% sale. Kenneth Cole and Calvin Klein are some names that gets me motivated. Two dress shirts and a light pullover sweater by these big name designers only cost me $42. Everyone loves to save money and look good while doing so. Although Macy's can be expensive, if you are patient, the savings are monumental.
3	If Macy's sends out an ad in the Sunday paper shouldn't they have the items in which they are selling in the store? Well not this Macy's. I am moving (insert a very huge, happy dance right here) and was in love with a Calvin Klein bedding set which was not on display or any trace of even it's existence in the store. LAME. Good thing I felt like blowing a load that night and went with something equally as fresh from Hotel Collection. You can't beat the quality. I also bought bath towels I love.Did a Sales Associate help me? HELL NO. I think her husband must have punched her in the head too many times because she was just off. Sales Ass- "How's the weather over there?"Me- "Over where?"Sales Ass just points to the exit doors like a toddler who is still learning how to form words. Me- "You mean outside?"Sales Ass- "Yes"Me- "Oh, I thought you meant on the moon. Ha ha. It's gorgeous out. What's my total?" Get me out of here. Yeah, had to share. What's scary is giving someone like that your credit card information in hopes she doesn't mistakenly overcharge the shit on accident while she is drooling on the register.Restrooms: Pet peeve. Why the hell is the restroom located by the Men's jeans? Let's be real. Men "piss" on occasion. Women use it more. Women really need the restroom for business or to beautify themselves or to change diapers or beat their children I imagine (which I would never ever do, but I have seen it done in there). Why then is it's location not more convenient for us ladies? Secondly the restroom was a disaster and just seemed old and broken. I'm sure Britney Spears would gladly walk barefoot and eat Cheetos up in there, but I didn't even feel safe breathing! As much as I spent on bedding and towels I shouldn't feel like I'm going Number 1 in a Third World country! Yes, I did wash my hands and no I did not sit on the seat. Get it together Macy's. You have great product when it's available, but you have got to work on your staffing, cleanliness and ads being misleading. If something is only available online or at the Home Store let a sista know.
2	I'm always a bit disappointed with the service at Macy's.  One day the dressing room was a TOTAL mess, to the point that I felt like I should probably point it out to someone.  I couldn't even get into two of the rooms, not because the stalls were occupied, but because there were so many clothes on the floor that you couldn't move the door.  When I told the woman at the register about the chaotic fitting room situation, she was completely exasperated and told me she was the ONLY PERSON working in the clothing section that day.  Really?  How does that even happen at a major retailer like Macy's?  Hey, if you need to hire more people, there are plenty of unemployed people in this city who'd be willing to help.  Don't penalize your customers.The sales can be really incredible at Macy's.  That's why I keep going back.  That's the ONLY REASON I keep going back.  The service is terrible at this location.
5	I love my Macys!  The staff there is helpful.  I love the children's section.  With the great sales and the coupons that they send me, I get great deals!  Men's section can sometimes make me work to find the things for my husband, but is helps when I don't have kids distracting me from my sale search!
4	I shop this location the most usually get approached and offered assistance every time. My only bad experience was about 3 weeks ago in kids dept. trying to check out. 2 assc. Behind counter only one using register other assisting as if she was training the red hair woman. Customer was complaining after each item rang that incorrect price and wanted items rang for seperate checks. My family was waiting and line is forming behind us, my husband finally leaves and waives me down to check out in bedding instead. Bedding register advises that non of those women are training seasoned assc. did not understand why older assc. wasn't ringing to help line of customers waiting behind the difficult customer. Thanks to bedding got checked out immediately and made it to our pre purchased movie on time.
5	We recently discovered our sectional sofa pieces were on sale and excitedly decided to add another ottoman to our collection.Macy's makes it so easy to shop over the phone, and they even went out of their way to try to locate the piece locally to save us shipping (darn, it's coming from CA).The quality is very nice, especially for the price point (we purchased the Vice Versa leather sectional after much research and trepidation).  Can't wait for the new piece!  We'll be able to configure the pieces like a large lounge/chaise - or any other way we want.
5	I have always loved shopping at Macy's.  The employees are always friendly.  I've shopped in every department at this store and I have never had a bad experience as they are always helpful and knowledgeable. Along with great customer service, they have awesome sales all the time!  When they have sales, it's not like a few dollars here and there, you get a great discount and save a lot of money.  Macy's usually sells items of good quality, so if you buy for less, you're getting your money's worth, plus some.  Black Friday is a nightmare, but they have great deals. The store is clean most of the time.  If there's a really good sale, like Black Friday, forget it.  There are so many people that come in at one time, to keep the store in tip top shape with ants looking for that good deal. I love Macy's!  Whenever people ask me where I get my clothes, they answer their own question with this store or another one of my favorites, because they know I love shopping at Macy's!
5	Don't mistake this for the fabulous clothes Macy's, this is the HOME Macy's, which should make you cry even harder over all the control this store now has over your life. I love Macy's. I'm a black card member and have actually posted that on FB. Cry, girlfriends, cry. I spend more time here than I do on my relationships, my job or my animals (what???). I love it, I don't care.Went in looking for new bedding. Had a gift card to spend and there were specials. Can't imagine what you'd think I'd do. Walked in and met Linda. Who is this fabulous person? She persuaded me with her Macy's charm to walk out with $900 worth of merchandise (after gift card and discounts - $400). I did it so happily that I wonder if I've lost my mind. Until I wake up on 600 thread count Hotel Collection sheets with a duvet and pillows that make my room look like a million bucks. Then I bow to mecca AKA Macy's and Linda, of course.I love other stores, but for some reason this place draws me back again and again. They have quality merchandise at reasonable prices, their salespeople are always friendly and welcoming and their stores make you want to BE Macy's. Shop here, you'll love it!
4	Always find great sales and when you add your Macy's coupon it makes it even better.   I have walked out of the store sometimes when everything is said and done with items 80% and up off. Sales staff has always been curtious and helpful.
3	I do love going to Macy's and shopping here, I have gotten a lot of my shoes here and bought plenty of gifts here.  I love how organized everything is and if you are uncertain about a certain price on an item you can find one of those "price checker" and it will tell you the correct price for the item.They had a variety of items such as: household goods, decorations, bed, furniture, kitchen items, godiva chocolate, perfume, socks, belts, clothes, shoes, make-up, and basically anything you can look for you can find it at Macys. It is a great place to find a gift for yourself of for that special someone.  However, the customer service in this Macy's  are a hit or miss. Especially, during the holiday/christmas season, the employees are ALWAYS a miss.  I know that usually this time of year it gets crazy for everyone and things get to become very hectic.  The employees starts to feel the pressure and gets  frustrated with everything and everyone.   During the past times I have visited here this month for christmas shopping, the employees would sarcastically talk to us and would even talk back at us.  I was shocked, I would let it go since it was Christmas time and I had to understand that they were tired and/or cranky but they had no right to speak that way to me. And since coming back from a third world country, I learned to be completely patience with a lot of things. Just a week ago, my mother and I were at the women's shoe department and wow that place was a HOT MESS. Shoes, boxes, wrapping, and trash were all over the floor and it seemed like they were short staffed.  Anyways, we waited at the register where there was a line of customers, but there was no cashier there.  One of the employees saw us waiting in line but she didnt even acknowledge us at all or even told us that register was close.  All the customers waited there for about 10mins or so until my mom finally asked the employee if someone was going to help us.  She said. "Oh, that registered is close." Wow.It is making me want to stop going back to Macy's...
2	Shopping in a mall has become a thing of the past for me, but I have a gift card that has been burning a hole in my pocket so we decided to do some good old-fashioned shopping in a department store. The store is pretty outdated and I was little disappointed by the lack of inventory to choose from. I was pretty sad by how little enjoyment I had in this shopping trip. It felt like more of a chore than anything.
1	Never been refused to be helped in a retail store until I came here. Nobody to help me look at jewelry for my lady friend, and so I went to Dillards and bought some jewelry there instead. Worst service I have EVER had in a Macy's or even a dept store. THREE employees refused!! THREE!!! and then instead of finding someone who could show me the jewelry, they walked off and helped someone else! THREE people REFUSED to help me. THREE!!!! Unacceptable!
3	I went late at night so they had things everywhere. Little overwhelming for me. But they had  I think it was 40% off sheets and pillow cases!! Plus I had a 20% off email!!
5	It's a GREAT day to shop when you can donate $5 to charity, get 25% 2 nice shirts, and get such fantastic service!  While I am not crazy about mall shopping, Macy's has yet to disappoint.  Bought 2 Calvin Klein shirts at about 1pm.  I wish their receipt had the guys name on it at the counter.  His service was 5 star all the way!
5	I always enjoy Macy's and their great sales...especially shoe sales! It's been my go-to place for boots and shoes. I also get my Clinique and Lancome there too.
5	Ok, I know it might be silly to review a department store like Macy's. But the last two times I have gone, the sales associates went out of their way to help me. I have been shopping at Macy's for many years. Between Black Friday deals, credit card holder specials, and holiday sales, there is usually a discount to be found, SOMEWHERE if you look. For instance, the THANKS FOR SHARING program. Basically, if you have a Macy's cc account, you get 10% of your purchases back on a gift card. I got $70.00 last year, and I look forward to February to see what I get this year. On more recent occasions, I have had two different employees ring up my transactions separately (one time in four transactions) so I save the most amount of money.Giving me a ton of coupons, and discounting one of my items because it had a small (fixable) stain. When it is the holiday season and someone saves me $100, it makes my day! I am very grateful. Sure, sometimes there are pushy ladies selling a certain make up brand, or perfume. But overall this Macy's has deals, great service, and a decent selection of products.
4	I wonder if they will have a 1 day sale again? Ha!Macy's have always treated me well.  Located in the Galleria Mall, it is very easy and convenient to find.  Their displays and store are very organized and clean.  Sale prices are always very attractive which makes me smile.  Service here has been good.  There is usually an employee asking if I need assistance or help finding something.  They are polite and friendly.  I can always find great items at good prices here.  Their Thanksgiving day parade isn't too shabby either!
