4	This is an intimate bookstore and hard to spot  when your driving down Goldwater. But it's a little gem in the midst of Scottsdale and well worth any frustrations you might encounter enroute to finding it.I discovered the Poisoned Pen when I read that Gregory Maguire, author of Wicked,  was going to be signing his new book.   FYI -- Mr. Maguire is from Albany, NY - my home town - and we grew up right around the corner from each other and went to the same Catholic school ( although I feel compelled to put on record that I'm 15 years younger). In a world where Barnes and Noble has become the new public library where folks go to do research, homework or just hang out and talk on their cell phone, it was a surprising and enjoyable experience to come across this little gem of a book store. The book signing event was hosted by one of the owners and was a potluck supper -- really inspiring a sense of community in a CBSA that rates us as the 5th largest city in the United States. Look up this store on the Internet and check out their author events. It's really a nice experience (and had the added benefit of making me feel intellectual).
5	If there's a better independent mystery bookstore than Poisoned Pen, please, please let me know! I discovered these guys many years ago in their old location, during a baseball Spring Training Arizona adventure. There were a lot of those and I'd guess this was about 2000-ish. Anyhow, I jumped on the mailing list and signed up for their excellent newsletter. Michael Connolly, my favorite LA mystery writer, is signing at the Poisoned Pen today, but I'm in LA. So sad....I saw all of the books stacked for him to sign and would guess he probably has carpal tunnel syndrome by now. Anyhow, I digress. The bookstore has a wonderful and knowledgeable staff who really know their authors. They carry  a wide variety of authors and the staff is really good at locating new authors. Check out their website, if you can't make it to Phoenix!
5	Incredibly knowledgeable staff. Great book signings.
5	The Poisoned Pen is a really great bookstore. It is one of the five largest mystery bookstores in America. Shopping here will make shopping at a chain bookstore difficult, because these staff members know their books.  Since every staff member has a different taste in books, someone will know what book a person is asking for. They can also help a person find a new mystery that the customer would enjoy based on past reading selections.  Even though The Poisoned Pen is a mystery bookstore, a person can have anything special ordered and it will arrive in a few days.  The Poisoned Pen also has over 200 author events every year. Recently, they have even started to webcast certain signings because much of their business has become out of state orders. The Poisoned Pen wanted to be able to have these author interviews so that those customers could "attend" the events. To see these events archived you can either go to www.poisonedpenblog.com or www.youtube.com/authorevents . Some of the signings have been held at the Biltmore because they are just too big for The Poisoned Pen. The event calendar on their website is one of the most organized of any bookstore that I have seen. As of today (February 28) the calendar is showing events through the end of June.  The store attracts customers from all over the Phoenix valley. Many people will drive an hour or more just to shop at The Poisoned Pen because as the store's motto says "It's more than a bookstore, it's an experience." These words truly describe The Poisoned Pen Bookstore.  I hope everyone who reads this review will enjoy the store as much as I do.
5	I had figured the "Poisoned Pen A Mystery Book Store" only offered mysteries; so, while I thought it was a cool idea, it wasn't really on my radar for much else. Recently, I went to support a friend of a friend who was having a book signing. Turns out their specialty is fiction--mysteries and thrillers, plus general fiction, science fiction/fantasy and historical fiction but you can also find works related to history, travel, and food. In fact, they can order pretty much anything you want to read and will call you to pay for it and pick it up when it arrives, a service I took advantage of, figuring how much we all should be "shopping local" versus supporting some internet "big box" equivalent. There's a lot more going on at Poisoned Pen than what you might find in other book stores. For starters, they have an interesting (and large) collection of signed first editions. There are no less than 8 book clubs plus a variety of book signings, conferences and workshops on the calendar each month. And, my favorite: a special touch. while paying for the book they had ordered for me, I was asked if I wanted it covered. I was confused by the term. I've never had anyone ask me if I wanted my book "covered" before. A bag? Yes. "Covered"? No. My confused look prompted the explanation, "it will help protect it." How could I say no? And, they carefully wrapped my new hardbound book in a clear plastic jacket -- gratis!
5	With the diminish of book stores and the rise of electronic books, it's getting pretty hard to find a place that actually sells a real book. A real book that allows you to dog ear the pages and throw in your bag for airport reading. Luckily, a local gem known as the Poisoned Pen still exists and I think we should do everything in our power to support it so it continues to exists. Don't let the "mystery book store" in the title fool you. They've got everything from fiction and romance to non-fiction and cook books...and mystery books too of course. As I got ready to leave for a vacation, I realized that I was in need of a good plane book so I stopped into the Poisoned Pen for some leisurely reading material. The ladies who work there were so welcoming and friendly and quickly led me to book after book. I could really tell that they actually read the books and actually liked to read books! *Gasp. The store is quaint and like the old bookstores I used to visit when I was a kid. They have the areas organized and sectioned off so it's easy to find what you're looking for. After browsing for a couple minutes, I decided to go with a classic fiction book about a man who fell in love with an Italian woman and uprooted himself to Italy. I can't wait to read it. I will definitely continue to visit and support the Poisoned Pen because like an old paperback book, these bookstores are slowly starting to deteriorate.Also, if you like to attend book signings and different writing events, keep an eye on their events calendar. One time I walked right into an author book signing event and it was a lot of fun!
4	I ran into this place on accident, and it was a great surprise! The employees there really helped me out, explained the layout of the store, explained who they were as a bookstore, and he even invited me to some events; and I only just walked into the place! Their customer service is amazing!  Their books are just as much in price as Barnes and Nobles, except you are supporting a local business (whoo hoo!).  They have a small corner with comfy chairs to read a few chapter before buying, and they have a quaint little section for children with classic books (my favorite, The Real Story of the Three Little Pigs).  In the very back left is a pretty large section of discounted books ($1-10 bucks).  The whole store is a 'mystery' theme but they have best sellers, such as The Help, too.
5	The Poisoned Pen has been a local favorite for quite a long time, as the last time I was actually in the store was in the '90s to get a book signed by Sue Grafton.  I went here again recently to browse their selections, and was happy to see that despite the invention of electronic books and media, they are still here to please those that prefer turning paper pages to scrolling on a LCD screen.  There is a wide selection of books to choose from, including some very charming children's books, in addition to their extensive mystery collections.
1	I had a friend in town that was looking for a unique bookstore, so I immediately thought of the Poisoned Pen. After realizing that the store did not carry what my friend was interested in we decided to check-out. I have been a resident of Arizona and Scottsdale for almost 20 years so I love to collect non-fiction books about my state and city.While we were checking out I was greeted with a snickering comment by your "cashier/owner"....."Tourist"Even if I WAS a tourist, I am giving my hard-earned dollars to local businesses such as yours...so what does it matter what I am buying?? You are getting your money either way.I am embarrassed to have recommended your "shop" to my friend. And bad reviews get passed on 10X more than good reviews...
5	The Poisoned Pen would be a gem even if there were bookstores on every corner. In addition to having their own press with some really wonderful writers, and in addition to having a full wall of signed first editions to browse & buy (wow!), and in addition to hosting more author signing events than I've ever seen before, what really separates them (for me) from any/every other bookstore I've ever visited is the staff and owners who treat customers almost like family. It was fun to be a first-time visitor to the Poisoned Pen, and even more fun to return again. And again. And again. They are what all bookstores should aspire to be. THANK YOU POISONED PEN!
5	The Poisoned Pen is a nifty bookstore with a strong reputation in the mystery community.  It's a moderately sizable place for a specialty bookstore, and though it carries a decent load of mainstream fiction, its walls are packed, for the most part, with the colorful spines of crime novels.The selection is impressive, both well-curated and comprehensive.  The Poisoned Pen has a whole wall of shelves devoted to signed first editions.  As you might expect, older first editions go for more than cover price, but the new ones are not marked up, as far as I could tell.  It's a testament to the draw of the Poisoned Pen that so many authors come by and leave their traces behind.The people behind the Poisoned Pen are very dedicated - there's even a Poisoned Pen Press, with a whole wall of the bookstore devoted to those releases.  The place is almost as much of an event space as it is a bookstore, with 250 readings a year.  Not all of the authors are big names, but many are.I don't live in Phoenix, but my fiance and I stopped by with our dog on our way home from Sedona.  It was a great stop.  I spent a long time scanning the titles, and left with novels by Denise Mina and Tana French.  While we were there, the bookstore was setting up for one of its many readings, and the author's books were prominently displayed for anyone interested.  I hadn't heard of the author, but a small group was already gathering in anticipation of the event quite a while before it started.The staff was very pleasant.  They were friendly and welcoming, of both us and our dog.  I talked to Pat while I was checking out, and he seemed like a great guy and an enthusiastic mystery fan.I live in Los Angeles, so the Poisoned Pen isn't quite in my neighborhood.  If it were, I'd give it some more of my business.  L.A. doesn't have a mystery bookshop of its own, and I envy Phoenix the Poisoned Pen.
5	This store is filled with book nerds. I say this with all the love in my heart, and here's why:After spending some time at the pool, Rabbi Andrew Michael Doohan III and I walked into this fine establishment on a brutal summer day. We had collectively decided that "we needed to read more" to "do gooder english" and "make more cents" when speaking.I told the Rabbi that I was going to buy him one of my favorite books(S.O.G... Vietnam non-fiction... he never read it), and in return he was going to buy whatever book I decided that I wanted to read. Two kind gentlemen were seated behind the counter, and they possessed the appearance of being knowledgeable so I decided to give them a test. I told them what books I enjoyed reading(thrillers and an assortment of easily digested quicker reads). They knew exactly what to recommend(Lee Child, Killing Floor), and I have never been more satisfied with a bookstore experience. Although a big draw for this place is the book signings, I have never been to one. I have, however returned several times for various book needs..... 5-stars Poisoned Pen. I love you with all my heart, but I think we should just be friends on facebook.
5	Last month, I had the privilege of visiting The Poisoned Pen as one of the bookstore's guest authors.  The Poisoned Pen is a sort of hub of the mystery community, and as such, it hosts some insane number of readings per year.  When I was planning my tour, I told my publicist I only wanted to go places where I knew people and had places to stay - this surprises some people, but publishers do not foot the bill for book tours.  He asked if I'd make one exception, for The Poisoned Pen, because of the store's particular friendliness and prominence.So on June 3, I loaded the dog in my car and made the six hour drive from L.A. to Phoenix.  I booked free accommodations through couchsurfing.org and had myself a little adventure.  Until it was time for my reading, I had this deep fear that no one would show up, and that the reading would be canceled due to lack of interest.  I told myself that if that were to happen, the staff would probably feel so sorry for me that they'd promote my book after the fact.  I was preparing myself for the worst.I was really thankful when I walked in, fortified with some wine, and found a small circle of readers seated and ready to talk about my book.  Coincidentally, Pat, who I met on my first visit to The Poisoned Pen, was hosting my event.  I thought I would be reading, but instead, Pat led me through a Q & A that revealed a lot more about my book than any single passage.  He had read my book beforehand and asked really smart, revelatory questions.  It was a lot of fun, and it took a lot of pressure off me.  I also got to interact with everyone there, and I ended up meeting some cool readers.  Once we wrapped up the Q & A, I signed books, both for the people attending and for collectors who'd ordered signed copies from outside the state.  The Poisoned Pen has to be one of the top purveyors of collectible mysteries, and I guess it has customers who buy every debut in the hopes that the authors become big names later.  Hope I strike it big for you all.Anyway, sorry for the brag brag brag, but I wanted to thank The Poisoned Pen for hosting me.  I was really scared going in, and ended up having a marvelous time.  On my way out, I bought an Ian Rankin novel and got a 35% discount - the most generous author discount I have yet to come across.  I have a sequel in the pipeline due out next summer, and I hope to come back to The Poisoned Pen.  The event was worth the hassle - I'd drive twelve hours and sleep in a stranger's armchair all over again.
5	My quick summary:  This is my favorite book store, and I'm a true bibliophile.I don't often make my way up to the Scottsdale area, but when I do, I make it a point to stop at Poisoned Pen as often as possible.  You know you're in the right store by the outline of the body on the floor, fitting for a book store dedicated to mostly mysteries and thrillers.  The are also several other decorations from around the world hanging about, as the owner is an avid traveler.The book selection is pretty unique.  They do not carry most genres of books, just a small sampling of everything except mysteries/thrillers.  However, the greatest advantage is being able to buy signed books.  They keep a lot of signed first editions on the shelves, so if you're a book collector (like me), have a favorite author, or are looking for a unique, personalized gift, this is the store for you.The store is very nice and very knowledgeable about their product.  Several of them keep a small shelf stocked with books they've recently read and recommend for the customers.The best thing about Poisoned Pen is the signings.  I've gone to several signings for some of my favorite authors (James Rollins, Douglas Preston & Lincoln Child to name a couple).  It's awesome to hear the authors talk about the book, what the inspiration was, what went into writing it, etc.  You also get a chance to ask questions of the author and have some 1:1 time with them as they sign your books.  The store also lets you pre-order books before they release, so you get a # assigned to you for the signing, so if you're on top of things, you don't end up at the back of the line.  :)
4	I've eyed The Poisoned Pen as a destination for years now but I actively avoid Scottsdale so it took the newly opened Cornish Pasty Co. two blocks down to get me to visit. Super clean and well organized store, and it's not all mystery! They had a great selection of classics and popular books, as well as a used section and several "general stuff" items. I loved that there's a whole shelf dedicated to Sherlock Holmes! They have a ton of signings and events also, so definitely check out their calendar. Really lovely place.
4	Very cool local book store in the heart of old town.  It is rare to find a book store these days!  They have rare first edition copies and signed copies of books.   Their prices are a bit high.  I get that they probably need to keep prices high to afford their rent in this area but I bet they would make more profit if they offered something off the cover price.
5	I'm a bibliophile. I'll read anything anyone puts in front of me. That said, if I had to pick a favorite genre, crime/mystery wouldn't be at the top of my list. So why does Poisoned Pen get a five-star review? They're local, helpful, and THE place for authors who want to come through the Phoenix area on a book tour. Their local interest section is second-to-none, as is their inventory of signed first editions. Even if mystery isn't your bag, Poisoned Pen has you covered with romance, general fiction, and an impressive selection of books for the kids on your gift list. If you like books (or need a gift ides for someone who does), skip the impersonal big box stores (and the internet) and give the folks at Poisoned Pen a visit.
5	I love this place! Tried so hard to find a bookstore on 6ave, but the best is just around the corner. It is not a big place but it has everything you need :) I am very happy to find the book I wanted for my flight back home. Staff was very helpful. Thank you Poisoned Pen!
4	A melange of strange people work here. The best is the purple haired younger woman.She is intelligent and sweet. The rude older lady is the polar opposite, one star deducted for her. A bit of a time warp when you enter, a very nice selection and their events are great.
5	A particularly great bookstore for those who enjoy locally owned shops... they have a little of everything, LOTS of readings, and a super friendly staff... what more could a book-nerd want?  So nice to have this cozy little gem nearby, especially given the general void of bookstores in the Phoenix Valley! (is it just me, or do others get the feeling that there are surprisingly few bookstores in this town?)
5	Books. T shirts. And more. Very nice staff. Love shopping here.  Ease to find. Wide variety of books.
5	Besides exhibits the shop is to buy everything very innovative gadgets and prices normales.comprar tickets in advance for samples, but is tedious rows to purchase at the museum.
