2	DO NOT GO HERE FOR ANYTHING OUTSIDE OF SNACKS!!stumbled onto this place looking for the chick-fil-a (there's apparently not one in the mall any longer) and the couldn't resist the tasty looking pictures! So even though we were not craving Mexican, we were easily convinced... ***DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE PICTURES!!!***Even though the cashier was very nice and friendly, almost everything went wrong with our order... My wifey and I wanted "Tortas" because the picture looked most appealing... She asked if they used guacamole or avocado and the cashier said they were actually out of both,  so she changed her mind to two tostadas (also looking very appealing) one chicken, one steak. I ordered the steak torta combo... simple order? right....? HOW COULD YOU MESS THAT UP???FORGOT: 1. Beans on the tostadas... 2. One chicken tostada, we got two beef3. My combo, I had to wait for my fries and soda to be preparedTASTE COMPLAINTS:1. Steak was rough, chewy, and unseasoned2. Fries were unseasoned, and salt and pepper was not available3. We tasked for a water cup, she accidentally put coke in it, pored the coke out and gave us water with out even rinsing the cup... ewwwww!I saw that other customers ordered snacks like fruit and chips that looked very appealing, but I will definitely not order a entree from here again!
1	I should've read review s before spending my $$ here. I order a mangonead and strawberry and cream. Mangoneada flavorless, bland had no taste very very disappointed. Pictures do look good but thats it. Fresa w/ cream they mix bad strawberry with good ones they did not bother to cut they just threw them in a cup with lechera. If I new I was getting this I would of done this at home but nicely cut with more cream. Will not come back to this place.
5	This place rocks:) There service is amazing and,my favorite food snack are the tostilocos mmm mmm :  i highly recommend this place
5	Every time I visit this restaurant, I'm always satisfied. I usually order a carne asada burrito and although I'm very picky about my food, the friendly cashier was able to adjust my order to fit my needs. The meat is always cooked and flavored well. The customer service is also very inviting which is another reason why I come back on a weekly basis.
