4	This place has some of the best chicken wings. I go there a lot for lunch and order the "Bonzless" with honey bar-b-que sauce. I've also taken the family and the kids love 'em. And we all know how kids can  picky about food. They have a variety of sauces from mild to damn hot. And they got some great chili there too.
4	The plan was to make homemade teriyaki portabello sandwiches for dinner and on the drive home I realized that i was tired and did not want to cook today.. So I turned to the never fail you Yelp searching for something good to eat. Guess what happened, I found Chicken Bonz... I happen to enjoy a good wing every now and again and decided that this was a perfect fit for what my taste buds happen to be asking for, something spicy, crunchy, tasty and all around amazing. If your still with me this is where the fun began, we drove over to C. Bonz and when we arrived the place was packed, and I mean no place to sit and 4 person deep line packed. After taking in how busy this place was we started scanning the menu, I see that 12 wings are roughly $12 but on the special little chalkboard below the menu i see scribbled in chalk that every day is all you can eat wing day for $11.99, You better believe Mr. Raymond went for the AYCE for 11.99. I ordered the Hot BBQ which was really good but did not have the kick that I was expecting. This wings happen to be huge and the atmosphere was okay. Some of the clientele seemed a little shady but as long as they do not try to snag my wings it's all good. Obviously I enjoyed this place and yes i would go back but here is the breakdown of good and bad.Good:1. The chicken wings are on steroids and are gigantic2. They are cooked just right and had the perfect amount of sauce 3. The $11.99 Price point is Money!! not in literal terms people.4. The service was awesome, as in friendlyBad/ Downside:1. It took FOREVER to get our food2. You have to pay for any ranch or dipping sauce there is non included3. The dining area is small- I don't know that this is a bad thing..My star rating of 4 stars is all due to the quality of the wings. The one star loss was due to the long wait for the wings when initially ordered. Overall, I say YES... Try this place at least once, this is a great alternative to your normal cookie cutter Buffalo Wild Wings type place.  Enjoy!!
1	I can't think of anything to write....this isn't as good as it's cracked up to be. I have had better luck at Chills or Applebes. I would avoid this place. Try either Wing Stop or the Wing Grill and Cafe.
3	Being wing lovers, we have been searching for a good wing place closer to our house. So naturally, we had to check out this place. The problem, though, is that we are specifically hot wing lovers. For wings, this place gets 4-5 stars. For hot wings, it gets 3 stars.We ordered the hot (with a side of damn hot), sweet chili garlic, and parmesan wings. And, of course, a side of fries with chili.The parmesan wings were the best of the three. The texture is amazing! Super crispy and meaty. But alas, they are not hot wings.The sweet chili garlic wings were pretty good. Great flavor with a subtle kick. But the sauce isn't very thick. (And we like our wings very saucy.)The hot wings were great at first bite. The sauce is really, really good. It is actually hot - the perfect amount of spiciness and kick. But the sauce made the texture all off. The wings were almost soggy.Major props for the damn hot sauce. Definitely very, very hot. And with a delicious flavor.The wings themselves were quite good. Good size and meatiness, and good quality.The ranch and blue cheese were above average, but not great. And neither went very well with the sweet chili garlic and parmesan. (And wings, for us, just must be dipped.)The fries were excellent. Shoestring-style that were cooked just right. The chili was ok - decent, but I probably wouldn't get chili on the fries again.The prices are very reasonable and they actually have all-you-can-eat wings, which, of course, is a great deal.All in all, great wings, but not great hot wings. I will definitely be back again when I have a craving for non-hot wings. The texture of the parmesan wings was fantastic. Very different from other wings I have had and very enjoyable. But, alas, I tend to always crave hot wings. And while the hot sauce was good, it destroyed the great texture and the dipping sauces weren't up to par. So the search for excellent hot wings near our house continues. But again, really great regular wings - so we will be back for those.
