4	Great Atmosphere! Beer cart outside while we waited for our outdoor table by the fountain. Live band played-it was Friday-they have live bands on Friday and Saturday night.Pizza was good-lots of variety-brick oven style-thin crust-like California Pizza Kitchen type. Pasta was good. We had the spinach and artichoke appetizer and it was good but, more dippers were needed.Casual-let our party linger over drinks, etc.
5	Brixx is such a good value, and the pizza is amazing.  You can add anything to any pizza and customize them however you like with no extra charge. The service is fast and friendly. The food comes out fresh, quick, and hot. Brixx, bringing people together.
5	Brixx has the best pizza around! They have a friendly staff and each location has an awesome beer list. It is the perfect place to go for a fun and relaxing night.
2	Brixx is a wanna-be beer bar serving boring food. I went a few times and tried a few things, all of which are forgettable except for the creamy balsamic dressing (excellent) and the $1.95 domestic drafts every Monday night. Even with the special, it's hard to choose a beer that isn't boring - they go through their beer so slowly, you can tell that they don't clean their beer lines and the lineup rarely changes. I've tried the mexican pizza (B-), the mushroom wrap (C), and the buffalo chicken pizza (D-, and double negative for getting my order of no gorgonzola wrong not once but twice)The portions are ok, the service is hit and miss, the patio seating outside is nice - basically, I'd spend my money at a million other places before wasting it here.
4	Decent food with a very friendly staff.  Great beer specials.  All the pizza's are edible and some are actually pretty good.  Nice beer selection, and monday is the night to go for that.  Not really a whole lot more to say.
4	I meet friends here for lunch pretty often.  The pizza and pasta are always great and the servers are usually pretty friendly.  A lot of the time we have a buy one entree get one entree free coupon which makes it a really cheap lunch.  Two entrees and two drinks will run you about $20 or so with tip.
4	I've been going to this Brixx for the past year and a half, and it feels like the set of Cheers. The staff are great, very down to earth and the kind of people you enjoy getting to know and shooting the shit with at the bar. Mondays and Thursdays are beer special nights, so of course I would recommend this to those both inclined towards tasty brews and pinching pennies. The pizzas and pastas are delish-- among my favorites pizzas, the prosciutto and pineapple Hawaiian is the best. This particular location of Brixx is convenient for those living in South Charlotte and the Ballantyne area, as well as those in Weddington, Marvin, and Waxhaw. The atmosphere is very chill-- dim lighting without being overly dramatic, and plenty of TVs posted up for everyone interested in watching the football or basketball game. Dress is is very casual. The evening crowd differs greatly in my experience than the day time crowd; the latter usually attracts families and children whereas the evening crowd is college age and up. Brixx is awesome, especially this location! Check it out! Especially Monday evenings for the 2 buck pint night of delicious beer on tap!
1	Terrible!! I just got take out from there and the pizzas barely had cheese and toppings and were super small. Same issues with the salads... It is really unfortunate as they used to put out a quality product. They seemed to have cheaped down everything while keeping the same prices...
2	We took a big group here last weekend for dinner. They don't take reservations, but we called ahead and told them we were coming. The guy said if there was a wait, it wouldn't be a long one. Famous last words. We waited 40 minutes for a table for 11. They had to pull 3 tables together, and the people at the 3rd table just. wouldn't. leave. I thought the food came out pretty quickly. I got the Brixx Stixx, which are parmesan bread sticks with 2 dipping sauces. I thought my 4.5 year old would like those. He DID like them, but the honey mustard sauce was incredibly spicy and I had to take that one away. I got the Tomato and Basil Pesto pizza, which is basil pesto, mozzarella, roasted garlic cloves, roma tomatoes and goat cheese. It was good but not great. The crust was really chewy and I prefer a thinner, crispier crust. I let my husband try it and he said it was too rich for him. He got the Margherita, and although he said it was OK, I didn't like it. Again, the weird crust, and then I like a more traditional Margherita with tomato sauce. This one comes without it. We thought our son would eat a piece of our pizza, but he didn't like it, so we ordered another order of the Brixx Stixx for him. I would be willing to try some pasta here, but just did not care for the pizza.
4	This is one of our favorite places to go as a family.  The food and atmosphere are great.
4	Great spot, open late (until 1 am), a good draft beer selection (roughly 15-20) which are discounted heavily on Monday ($2 draft pints), and the pizza wasn't bad at all (I am admittedly very particular about my pizza). Youngish crowd at the brightly lit bar, a better place to mingle with friends than to take a date.
4	Went on Saturday night at around 10 pm  to meet some friends for drinks.  They had a decent selection of beer, but not the best I've seen in town. However, our server was super friendly and very patient for a table of about 9 people who were having beverages but no food.
4	Great for lunch. Be sure and ask about their lunch special of salad and a small pizza for $5.50. It's an awesome deal and it is not advertised on the menu. It is great food and great service at a great price.
4	I've been to Brixx 2 times in the past month. Both were quite similar. I get the barbecue chicken pizza, and it's pretty good, although I wish they would lay off on all of the cheese--it feels like I'm just eating a heart attack. The Brixx Salad is pretty good, too. The lunch special, as another review mentioned, is a great deal if you go to lunch. Overall, pizza is good, service is good, prices are good, and location is exceptional. I'll definitely return when I'm in the mood for food at Blakeney.
4	It's a rare place that offers great food, an awesome beer selection, AND is still welcoming for the little bambinos.  So my husband and I are big fans of Brixx at Blakeney. In addition to roomy booths and tables inside, there is great outdoor seating overlooking the fun park and fountains at Blakeney. The bar is fully stocked with a great beer selection that features local beers in the Carolinas. It's always fun to test a beer from Fort Mill or Asheville! Let's hear it for local support!The menu is solid with great pizza, yummy sandwiches, and delicious salads. Personal favorites are the spicy shrimp pizza (with basil and cholula hot sauce) and Brixx salad, which has goat cheese and pine nuts--seriously my mouth is watering as i type. Also nice is any pizza can be made on gluten-free or wheat crust, and there are vegan cheese options for those who need it.I also always appreciate the good service. Last trip we had a server named Colby who was dead on with her recommendations. She told us what pizzas were best with which sauces, and was great about us splitting a salad. She even pointed out we could order one pizza with two different halves without any additional fees.  Brixx is accommodating, delicious and fun!
4	My wife and I are return customers and have never been disappointed. We only buy pizza. She has pepperoni and prosciutto. I have pepperoni and Italian sausage. Consistently great food and service. We sit at the bar in order to watch television and faster service than table. She drinks Coke and I, unsweetened tea. The tea is not watered down and taste like tea.The bartender on this day was JEFF S.. He was very friendly and fast.I recommend this location for brick oven pizza.
4	I like this place. I come here to get pizza with my family and have some beer out of their local brewery selection. Don't get me wrong, this is the American version of pizza, something that would immediately cause a riot in Italy and cost your life in Napoli, but still I can brave it and be happy.We come here often as the waiters are nice, they have a place to eat outside and their desserts are good too.
2	Pizza was pretty flavorless, but not horrible.  You could do worse, but I wouldn't choose Brixx again. The service is the real reason for my rating.  Our waiter was actually quite good, it's everyone else we encountered that was the problem.  It's been two years since we've been here and I remember why. The restaurant is quite small and awkwardly situated. We arrived at 5:20 on a Sat and they were already running a wait. Watching the staff work, it's no mystery why. They appear to not have bus staff. The three teenage hostesses are also responsible for bussing. They have neither bus tubs or trays. They bus the tables by hand. Pick up two glasses, walk to the back, gather napkins, walk to the back, two plates, walk to the back...you get the idea. Then they search for a rag to clean the top, search for the cleaner...ugh!  Forget cleaning the floor.  Our already double seated waiter swept his own station, which was very messy from a recently departed kids party, while the hostesses chatted.  Watching these kids run the show was painful. When our appetizer arrived, the runner just stared at our table waiting for us to move things around and make space. She brought no plates. Those came five mins later.  When the pizza arrived, the runner ( another person) set the food down but did not clear the appetizer dishes, even though it was clear we were finished. The hostesses stood by in clear site and picked up nothing. Finally our server (he was the only staff of the night I wouldn't fire), came for them.  I'm not sure who the manager of this place is, but the staff needs a lot of training!!  I'm guessing this place stays in business because of the location, because I can't think of another reason.
4	It's been a while since we were here. A BOGO coupon drew us in for a Tuesday lunch. Not very crowded. Pleasant servers and kept drinks filled. We each had a pizza; Margarita and Meatball.  We were impressed with both. Nicely done in terms of the thin, crispy crust. Flavorful and aesthetically presented. We plan on returning.
4	Did the Tuesday coupon deal after 5pm: buy two entrees get two free. We selected 4 pizzas. The ones we tried to finish on site were very good. Meatball and artichoke pesto. Sausage and margarita we took home for the next day's lunch. Clearly pizza overload. While this place isn't much to speak about inside, it's ok. Good draft beer selection and very friendly, efficient server. The fact we used a coupon did not affect our order or service. Next time will try a pasta and pizza to avoid pizza overload.
2	Average menu. Not much to say. Heard the drinks are worth the price though. May need to check that out at a later date.
2	Drinks selection and service were good but the food left much to be desired. My pizza was more dough than cheese and toppings.
4	Good pizza, good service, good draft selection, decent prices... Nothing much more to say.
4	I am a foodie and usually am not a huge fan of chains but this place is consistently good. Come here a few times a month with my grandmother, she loves it too. Can't beat their specials and coupons too.
1	Our waitress forgot to put in our order.  We waited for an hour after we only received a dry hummus appetizer.  After we inquired about where our pizzas were our waitress disappeared for five minutes, came back and told us our ticket had been 'lost', didn't apologize, and said the kitchen was making our food really fast.  We said never mind, we had 6 year olds that needed to get to bed, she brought our check (seriously?  You wasted our time, we had to leave hungry!) We paid and left.  It wasn't busy when we got there, our menus weren't taken after we ordered, drinks not refilled.  All in all I'm leaving hangry.
4	We frequent brix at the different locations in town . The food is always consistent . At this specific location , the service was good . The waiter was good but had some sort of a dry personality . The pizzas were  also good. The crust is absolutely delicious. I ordered the vegetarian pizza which I enjoyed despite the so many broccolis on it . I would go back .
4	Great family friendly location.Nice selection of craft beers on tap and bottle.The quality of the pizza is consistent and taste is very good.Service is generally friendly and efficient.The bar area is a nice spot for a quick bite and drink while shopping in the area.Good patio area when the weather is nice for people watching and soaking in some sun.My kids love the pizza and I like the beer selection.Many TV's around as well to catch a game while your there.
3	Great service and terrific beer selection.   Food is average to good.  No wifi!!  Need to get it to compete.
4	We went there on Sunday evening and we were seated within a couple of minutes of walking in. I ordered the Rosemary Chicken pizza but had them swap the rosemary with basil, and onions for tomato. My friend ordered the Chicken Fajita pizza, which was the special tonight. Both pizzas were very delicious. See pictures.I would recommend this location for a casual pizza place.
