3	I am not a huge Starbucks coffee fan (too bitter for my taste) but I can not deny that I thoroughly enjoy a Venti White Chocolate Iced with 2 extra shots and whipped cream on a hot day.When I'm feeling especially indulgent I'll spring for the Coffee Frapacino.  The heck with the calories!The staff is always warm and friendly with big smiles and a ready welcome.  I get a kick out of listening to the booming barritone voice of the barista.  Don't know his name, but he is young and his voice and personality are that of a much larger guy.  Personality plus.Usually fast, usually accurate.  When they make a boo boo on a drink they give it to ya for free.  Can't knock that kind of service.I love the whole ambience in these coffee houses even if I'm not "in love" with their "straight" coffee.
5	Great service, they remember your name and what you drink.  Always smiling.
2	Way too main stream and over-priced. Coffee is not as good as what would be found at a local shop where the employees actually care. Employees were rude and slow, even when there were not many customers waiting.
3	It's your average Starbucks. Decent amount of seating inside and outside.
1	Wow! Service has gotten worse and worse at this location. Last week I had one person in front of me and 15 minutes later was still waiting for our drinks. So, today I order and a new girl is working the reg. never in my life have I had a barrista mess up my drink and then calls me out in front of the whole line to rering me up for the 60cent difference and then continues tell me I ordered it that way. Not only did she get  size wrong but I guess she didnt hear the skinny part either. Anyways, I wonder if that little girl realizes that 60cent rering just cost them about $150/ month in business. Usually, Starbucks has such good customer service, ugh!
5	Love this place they always get remember me and my order :)
1	This location is slow and can't multitask. I've compained three times to corporate about this location. Keep driving and find a better location.
1	Was debating between 1 or 2 stars because my breakfast sandwich and coffee were good, but chose just 1. The other bad reviews on this location are right on par with my complaint. My advice is to go to another location completely. The female cashier I encountered was rude. First, I walked in and looked at the pastries and she said hello 3 times like she was trying to rush me and there wasn't even a line behind me. When I asked if they had a particular sandwich available, she said abruptly said yeah and gave me a snotty look. Then, I gave her my credit card and she snatched it out of my hand. Is customer service just not taught or emphasized anymore these days? Guess not.
4	I liked this Starbucks, parking was plenty, there was a good amount of inside seating with outlets for your techno gadgets, and staff was so nice. I'm a green member so I get free refills on coffee and tea, she actually let me change my drink though from tea to coffee on my refills and gave me samples to test which coffee was best :) On the down side the bathrooms were dirty and there seemed to be a wait for coffee.
2	Starbucks has done 1 thing I'm thankful for. My parents' generation had to deal with cheap diner coffee. Robusto beans which were cheap, high and caffeine, and make awful coffee. Starbucks helped to popularize higher quality beans in this country.That said I am not a fan. I gave up drinking pop 3 years ago. Black coffee is my replacement. That means I need something that has good flavor and is not too bitter. That requires light to medium roast and fresh beans.This location? Or all Starbucks for that matter? Dark roast. Very dark. It is great when you want an espresso drink or something sugary as a desert. But when I just want a plain and tasty coffee in the morning or afternoon? Thanks but most diners these days have better plain coffee.Come here if you want desert or need a pick me up and have no other option. Otherwise, not so much. The staff at this (and most) locations are nice. But it is not quite the experience I remember from even 5-10 years ago.
5	This location has the clover brewing system,  which makes excellent coffee!   Awesome that you can get any of the coffees they have made fresh instead of settling for whatever their selection is for the day.
1	I would give negative stars if I could. I went in minutes ago for two White Mochas, ended up asking for my iced one to be remade because it wasn't made right. The girl behind the counter said it was correct, as she made it, but commented that she would make it again. Not 15 seconds later, the exact same coffee that I had just given to her was put in front of me in a different cup. When I took a sip and explain it tasted the exact same and was still not right, the girl said she didn't know what to tell me because it was made properly and proceeded to say what the ingredients were. She then proceeded to ask me what she could possibly "do to make my drink better" for me, I told her not to worry about it because obviously the drinks can't be made correctly so I would just get my money back and go somewhere else. Needless to say I won't be back and they obviously need special training at this location (both for drink orders and personality/attitude adjustments)
