3	The only thing better than a 3 hour Golden Girls marathon when you're feeling socially tapped-out is a copious amount of Indian food delivered right to your door.I discovered Cari Mela about 2 months ago coming home from a gruelling Advisory Committee meeting that had me obsessing about the Bilbo Baggins quote: "I feel... thin. Like butter scraped over too much bread." I got home, went online, ordered from Cari Mela and it was good. So last nite, same deal. I got home from the Folk Fest on the canal and called in Cari Mela. Thirty minutes later, I'm chatting it up with my room-mate, dishing out a sizeable portion of Aloo Gobi (potatoes and cauliflower), Sag Aloo (yummy spinash), Chana Bhuna (chickpea dish), some garlic-and-hot-pepper rice as well as some naan and puri.First thing I notice is man, this is really salty. And that's saying a lot. As a general habit, I believe in rigorously salting everything I eat above and beyond whatever went into it while cooking. So yeah, if I think this is salty, it totally is (fact confirmed by my room-mate). Still - just cause it's salty, doesn't mean it isn't a yummy rewarding experience...The Aloo Gobi was just fine in my book. Nice greasy sauce and thick well-cooked chunks of patates and cauliflower. Same with the Sag Aloo and the Chana Bhuna. Both super oily and flavourful and went a long way towards healing the remainder of the morning's hangover. The breads were al-right... Nice thick chunk of naan (I would have appreciated it more if it had been oiled-up - but whatev - I have oil at home) and the weirdest, flatest, least-greasy puri I've ever had in my life - whereas everywhere else I have it it comes as a greasy, soaking wet piece of deep fried bather, this one was flat, slightly moist and very bready. weird. And that was my night in with Cari Mela!
4	Great Indian food, the beef korma is delicious.  We did have an off night with them, once, but we complained and they offered us a free meal.  The service is fantastic.
5	My girlfriend and I have ordered from Cari Mela about four or five times over the past few months, and we have never been disappointed; the service is always good and the food is always delicious, and delivery is always quick. We moved to Pt. St. Charles last summer, and sadly this is the only decent restaurant we have found in the local area (except Machiavelli, which a fantastic place as well!). We will be moving out of the neighbourhood this coming summer to head back to the plateau (we want something more lively) but I have to say that Cari Mela will be one thing I will miss about living here!
