5	The dough they use is wonderful.  The Thursday special is 50 cent slices: just sit down and tell your waitress how many and what you want to drink with them.  This was a favorite lunch outing when I worked in the South Side.  Other recommended menu items are the Twisties (soft, baked sticks of pizza dough you can drip in marinara sauce) and the Hockey Puck (a hockey puck shaped lump of deep fried dough drowned in marinara sauce).You automatically get cool points for eating here since it isn't directly on Carson Street, but be forewarned that this alone does not prevent the place from getting crowded, especially on Thursdays.I once ordered a calzone from Michael's and ate it over the course of two days.  Those were a good two days.
3	Michael's is great for what it is: a dive bar that serves great pizza. Their beer selection is small, service can be slow, and salad dressing comes in packets. However, they make one hell of a pizza! Really tasty dough, zesty sauce, and baked just right. On Thursdays, they have pizza by the slice.Michael's has a large menu complete with deep fried appetizers, salads, and sandwiches. They aren't bad, but I'd stick to what they do best.
5	Oh, Michael's. Lovely delicious Michael's. I have long drawn out dreams about the crispy crust, the perfect amount of sauce, and bubbly slightly burnt cheese.I feel the real test of a pizza place is a plain cheese of a pepperoni pizza. Michael's goes above and beyond on that pizza alone. Not too greasy. On our last venture we decided to branch out and try the... Mashed Potato Pizza. While not an all the time option, it was amazing. Michael's regular crust topped with mashed potatoes, covered in cheddar and mozzarella cheese, real bacon, and a (as much as I hate this word) dollop of sour cream. Beautiful. In additional to the great pizza, they have cheap beers too. The usual liquor options too.The interior is small but cozy. It has the appearance of a dive bar, but I don't think I'd call it a dive. They have a lot of kitschy decor. Pizza pillows on the window seat, a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle's Pizza Time clock. The first room has the bar and a few tables, there is also a little room to the back where more tables are located if you don't want to sit in the bar area. They've got a few tv's so if you're into sports you can stay updated as well.  Keep in mind Wednesday is 50 cent wing night and Thursday night's are the pizza special so those two nights can get a little packed. My only other tip would be that while Yelp says they deliver, and my friend's confirm that sometime's they have in the past, when I called and asked they told me no. So, that may be a hit or miss situation.Just look for the red neon Michael's sign off the beaten path of Carson Street.
5	This place is great. The pizza is in the top 3 in Pittsburgh and may even be number one. The price is great.It's a hidden gem on the south side and well worth the trip. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
4	Good hoagies, great pizza.  I highly recommend any of their specialty pizzas.  Their pierogie pizza is second to none and the turkey club pizza can't be beat.  Even when they are busy, the kitchen has a pretty quick turn around.  It's a great little place to hang out or just to get a pie to go.
4	I think therefore I am...a pizza fan.  I just made a rhyme, wish I could do that every time.  See what I did there?Michael's the quintessential neighborhood restaurant.  It is large enough to accommodate a crowd without losing it's intimacy.  We went on Friday (3/2/12) and there were two delightful people working and we were always well-attended.  And then there's the pizza...My friend and I split a buffalo chicken pizza.  I commiserate with you if you've never tried such a pizza and feel you should rectify the situation; Michael's is a fantastic place to do so.  The crust was perfect--slightly doughy on the inside with just enough crustiness on the outside.  The cheese was solid enough so it stayed on the pizza yet was compliant enough to get those beloved strings when pulling your bite from the remaining slice.  The top surface was blanketed with perfectly cooked chicken.  Finally, the buffalo (in lieu of marinara) sauce had a great flavor, enough heat to keep you on your toes but not so much to kill your taste buds and preventing your pizza bliss.  Describing the ingredients doesn't quite do the pie justice--there is definitely pizza synergy going on here.Alas, I do have to knock one start from the rating because this is a BAR and restaurant.  In my opinion, bars have evolved into carrying a large selection of beer and typically have more than a few taps.  Although I didn't do a thorough search, it seemed as though Michael's only carried the typical domestics that I have grown to disdain.  Pretentious?  Perhaps, but it's what I like.  In saying that, Michael's appears to keep it's corner bar image with a close, local clientele who may prefer domestic beer.  If so, Michael's caters to their customers' tastes and I commend them.Try this place for your next pizza craving.
5	Best pizza I've ever had. No question.I lived in the South Side for a few years, and I would eat at Michael's every weekend. I was a regular to the point that when I'd walk in, they wouldn't even bring me a menu, they'd just put in my order. Even after I moved to the North Side, I would still try to make the trip for the best pizza in Pittsburgh. While the restaurant itself isn't fancy, modern, or fussy (although they underwent some minor renovations in the past 2 years), the food is crave worthy. As appetizers go, it's hard to go wrong with the twistees. Ahhh, the twistees. Michael's delicious dough twisted into golden ribbons, dusted with Parmesan and baked until perfect. Served with the best pizza sauce I've ever had the pleasure of devouring. The hockey puck is also a pretty excellent prelude to your pizza. A seasoned, golden brown fried chunk of deliciousness shaped like a...well, you get the idea.  The pizza is perfection. The sauce is outrageously good, the cheese is a great quality, creamy blend, and the dough is consistently perfectly cooked. I could eat a whole pizza, it's THAT good. In fact, I have eaten a whole medium pizza in one sitting during the Michael's Pizza Challenge. Just to get a silly tshirt. I'm still proud of my accomplishment!The service is always great, Megan is an especially attentive and personable waitress. Great place to watch a game, grab a pitcher, and enjoy the finest pizza in Pittsburgh.P.S. Michael's, I miss you...I'll be back once I'm off my diet :)
5	This is a review I didn't ever want to write.  This place is just too good. You know, pizza is something we all have a standard against which all others are measured. And the search for that perfect pizza is much like the search for the fountain of youth - elusive but clearly worthwhile. Michael's has restored my faith that perhaps that fountain of youth does exist - the perfect pizza certainly does! And Michael's has it! Sure, there's good pizza all over the place. But there's only one BEST pizza. I've had pizza all over Pittsburgh, all over the US (NYC, Chicago, SoCal...) and all over Europe including Italy. I've had Monte Cello's VIncent's, Domenico's, Luciano's, Mineo's, and all the chains - although I do like Piccolo Forno's too. My search has not been half-hearted nor without focus. I stumbled upon Michaels about 8 years ago and hit the motherlode. When I want pizza, I'm willing to drive the 25 miles from the north hills to the south side just to sit and enjoy my favorite pizza with a pitcher of Yuengling in a comfy bar atmosphere.I wanted to keep this place to myself, not to tell anyone about it. After all, hidden gems are meant to remain hidden, right? Otherwise people swarm in and spoil a good thing. No one wants to go somewhere where everyone goes!! But alas, I find myself after 8 years of going here as a regular, finally wanting to shout it out!! THIS IS GREAT PIZZA!!! Two blocks off Carson street on Sarah, it's off the beaten path and is not a place you're likely to just happen upon. You have to look for it. But once you do, you'll be hooked. First off, the crust is perfect, not too thin, not thick and doughy. It's a delight. The sauce is what make it. One thing I know it's sauce. And this is remarkable. Order the twisty's as an appetizer - parmesan dusted baked dough twists that are to die for - and you'll get a side of the sauce. Go ahead, dip in. You'll thank me. I could eat a bowl of that sauce with a tablespoon. And ask for more. This pizza just kills!! And if Meghan is working there, you'll be treated to the best service with a smile. She is absolutely the best. Good pizza, good service, good beer, good atmosphere. I call that JACKPOT!! What more could you want? If I have to wait for a table next time, I'll know I should have kept this secret to myself!!
4	Solid pizza and great prices.  The pizza has just the right amount of dough, cheese, sauce, and preferred toppings.  This is what I consider pan style pizza non- thick variety...good stuff!  The atmosphere here is more dive bar but cozy at the same time.  Service is good...jukebox in the corner.  I like this spot.
4	If you are looking for good, cheap pizza, Michael's is your spot. I came here to experience what I had heard from several different people was the "best pizza in Pittsburgh". I usually prefer thin crust pizza so I wasn't expecting much, but this pizza was great. The crust and sauce was very sweet, the toppings were fresh, and it was all baked together to create a big gooey mess of deliciousness. It did take a while for our food to come out (not sure if that is typical), but the price is right, and the staff is friendly, so I didn't mind waiting.
5	Michael's Pizza Bar has pizza that is virtually unmatched. The crust, sauce, everything is perfect. The prices are great and the staff is so friendly. I used to live in Pittsburgh and would come here regularly on Saturday afternoons with my family. The server got to know our family and we always looked forward to catching up with her. Now that I'm in Chicago with tons of pizza options, Michael's still ranks towards the very best I've had. I make sure to dine here when I come back in town. Do yourself a favor- start with the twistys. I'm drooling just thinking about them.
5	the best pizza in pittsburgh.
4	I went here yesterday on a whim based off of the Yelp ratings. I must say, it definitely lived up to the ratings! We got a pepperoni pizza and the seasoned wings. The pizza sauce and dough were very good. The sauce was tangy and the dough was just the right consistency. I did think the pizza was too greasy, though (partially remedied by sopping up some of the grease with the dabbing napkin technique). I don't usually like sauceless/dry rub wings, but these were actually tasty! Not sure what exactly they put on them, but they were nice and crispy with sort of a seasoning salt flavor.The other great thing about this place is the super cheap beer: a Yuengling and Shock Top draft for $2.50 each. Awww yeaah.If you find yourself in the South Side and hungry for some pizza, check out Michaels.
4	Pizza and wings were good, staff was very friendly. We didn't order any of the calzones but they looked really good, will try them next visit.
5	A local joint off of E Carson street.  My girlfriend lives near by so we go when we can.  Nothing fancy, just cheep drinks, good pizza, and a great staff.  A+
5	Great food and a real family experience. The pizza is amazing, I've been coming here for 18 years
5	I love this Pizza.  I grew up in Carrick near Sunseri's pizza on Custer Ave.  I believe this place has or at one time had a family connection to that place.  They are similar, but unique enough to warrant a trip if you like Sunseri's.  The pizza is good, the sauce has a nice tangy oregano taste, bordering on sour, but in a good way.  The crust is soft and chewy.If you go here and get nothing else, get the twisties.  They're hands down in the upper crust, pun intended, of bread sticks I've had.Wings are good and tangy, but basic.  I prefer more depth of flavor than just buffalo, but they were cooked well, sauced properly and tasty.They have some good specials too, slice nights, and hoagie deals.Lastly, for some reason, I think that their fountain sodas are the best I've ever had.  No cola has ever tasted as good was what came from their fountain.  A small detail, but a perk nonetheless.I've never had the salads there, but they look fantastic.
5	We went in here one night when we kind of stumbled upon it by accident while driving in the South Side.  Very casual atmosphere, lots of big screen TVs, quick and friendly service that isn't overly attentive nor was it non existent.  "Hockey puck" was delicious, pizza was great, Blue Moons were super fresh and delicious.  Very reasonable price, too!  Maybe our new favorite place!
4	I've been here twice so far and love the pizza. However, the service is not as great. Both times they accidentally slid the pizza off the plate onto the bar, but I was too hungry and nice for them to make another. My friend and I also had to explain what the ingredients were to the drinks we wanted. The servers at the time were a mom and daughter so I just didn't want to be mean and snobby to them at the time. I told them they could use their phones to get an app with plenty of drink ingredients included, they were really nice about it. Maybe I will get take out next time.
5	Pizza is awesome here!  This place is hidden and I never even knew it was here!  I went there for lunch with some friends and it's such a nice little pizza/bar restaurant.  It reminded me going to my friends grandmothers house. It has that old bar feel, but to smell.  I suggest anyone who wants some good pizza to try this place out!
5	I regularly order their pizza special called a little charlie's... which is a small personal pan pizza w/ a large beverage. THIS! Their pizza is A-MAZING! This is the best pizza spot on the southside! 4-stars!
4	Michael's is always a good cheap place to visit if in the South Side. It's nothing fancy and you won't find a four course meal, but it does the trick and that's all that really matters! If you're into traditional bar food and pizza, then this place is for you! They have great simple choices (with the exception of crazy pizza toppings) and you will most definitely find something that will satisfy your hunger. The atmosphere is a step above dive. It was a Friday night and there were a few people at the bar and and most tables were filled with only one bartender/server. I do think they should have had at least one other staff member behind the bar helping out. We ended up sitting outside at one of their outdoor tables. It was a beautiful night and we wanted to take advantage of the evening.I ordered a personal pizza with green peppers and a basket of cheese fries. The pizza was cooked perfectly and I loved how they shredded the peppers very thin. The fries were great because you don't find many places that give you that fresh cut/Potato Patch type of fry. It was long overdue! My boyfriend ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich with chips and a beer. He mentioned that it was okay, nothing special. The bun looked like a regular old sandwich bun you could have got in a plastic bag at Giant Eagle. I think the sandwich would have been more appetizing with a more gourmet type of bun. Still, for the price, you can't go wrong! The total bill was only $20!
5	I lived in Brooklyn and Staten Island most of my adult life. Ate pizza at least twice a week for lunch and once a week for dinner. With that said this would be above average pizza in my old stomping grounds. Great crust, quality mozz and tasty sauce. Cheap too. Add in the oldtime neighborhood bar feel and you get a great lunch and dinner experience.
3	Cool location but I found the pizza to be kinda average. The Italian hoagie was good. Parking was a nightmare.
4	I walk in and an older lady greets me and hands me a menu. The interior of this place is nice. An antique bar and funny signs placed about, and of course steelers memorabilia on the back wall. I ordered the specialty white lil Charlie personal pizza I think it was called. She insisted I add sausage as a topping so I did. I could not have asked for a better pizza in that moment and time. The Italian dressing and sausage complimented eachother perfectly. The dough is just right. Reasonably prices too. The fresh brewed tea was also good. The only downfall was that there were only two beers available, both on draft, Shock Top and Bud Light. She said they had just ran out of Yuengling. Bless her heart. I never knew bars ran out of Yuengling around these parts. I thought they drilled wells in the ground for it. Being a beer connoisseur, the selection didn't sit well with me. Otherwise, the experience was great for food only, and the bartender/waitress was laid back and friendly. Just how I like it. I tipped her 40%. She mentioned Thursdays being 80 cents a slice of plain cheese, so I may just stop in again tomorrow!
4	I'll have to update this review after trying some other things on the menu. We stopped in for burger night (Monday) $1 burgers which include lettuce & tomato. All other toppings are 25cents.  I ordered mine with cheese, bacon & pickles. The burger was good especially for the deal. We also ordered the cheese fries which were tasty. I love fresh cut fries so I enjoyed them. Next time for burger night i'll probably order 2 but i honestly was full off of one burger and sharing our cheese fry.The servers was nice as well. I will stop by again soon since it's so close to home.
4	This bar was tucked away off the main strip but it is worth the detour!!!!! The food was absolutely amazing! Make sure you get the breadsticks and the lil mini pizza. The sauce was very good. The portions are HUGE!!!! The loaded fries sure were loaded and the fries were fresh cut!!!! Do not miss this spot if you are in south side!
4	We decided to try Michael's Pizza Bar & Restaurant one sunny Saturday this past summer.  A little off the beaten path running through the South Side you will find this little treasure.  First impressions, it's a quaint neighborhood bar.  The kind of place that if you live close you probably frequent.  I was really excited to try Michael's after hearing about their pizza. So that is where we laid our attention.We ordered a large pie half cheese (for him) and the other half mushroom, onions, and banana peppers (for me).  Now I am like every other red blooded American, but pizza doesn't usually impress me.  It's ok, great to eat with beer, but I could never eat it regularly.  When I get pizza I like it to be thin crust, crisp, almost stand on its own, with veggies.  That being said Michael's delivered not only a pretty chill atmosphere but a pretty tasty pie.  Matt really liked the crust and the sauce.  I enjoyed the flavors as well, especially since they do not skimp on the toppings at all.  There was a plethora of veggies piled atop my pie.  This was good but came with its own set of challenges as the toppings weighed the pizza down, so there went my stand on its own factor.  That was ok it was still very scrumptious.  The one thing I really wish they would have done was use fresh mushrooms and not the canned ones.   Funny thing happened as we were eating and enjoying some brews.  A couple with a few kids pulled up outside.  They left the door of their SUV open as their kids slept in the car while they had some pie at the outdoor table.  I laughed cause I would totally do the same thing.
5	this is the best pizza I have had in Pittsburgh! The pepperoni pizza was prefect. we ordered the twisties as well which were amazing. The bartender was very nice and the prices were great. Definitely worth a trip to the south side!
