4	Vegas Yelp Elites are throwing a 80's themed party in a week so naturally I hit the thrifts to get authentic 80's gear. Out of all our stops, this was the biggest, cleanest, and most fairly priced thrift store. The BF for the hell of it got some authentic 70's bellbottom knit pants for $4. You just never know when you might need some nice fitting disco swag...maybe will come in handy for a party later, but is actually such nice quality that it can be wearable. I have dropped into Goodwills and Savers around town and they definitely are priced higher. I mean, okay it's alright to have a bit higher prices on modern wear, but 80's gear that very few people in their right mind would wear out should be a bit cheaper so they can sell. At Savers, the cheesy 80's crap were the same price as modern clothes. Seriously? No one will buy that aside for costumes and since this is a out time use, I don't want to buy $40 of clothes to get a look for a night. I was looking at ridiculous button up blouses a la Boy George for $4.99-$8.99 at Savers and here those were $2-5. Glittery gowns a la Dynasty for $12-20 here and Savers at $15-30 being the usual. I was looking at bright colored shoulder padded blazers here and the most expensive was $7, most were about $4-5.I unfortunately didn't find anything this past weekend, but I was mostly browsing for ideas and couldn't make up my mind. If don't find anything my whole look this week- I will come back this upcoming weekend to Deseret to give one more look over for my costume.
5	Best Thrift store ever. They actually price things accordingly, unlike goodwill and savers that price things almost like new. I got a six foot divided handmade tank for my lizards with wood inside for a hundred bucks. Easily a five hundred dollar tank. I got a BOMB computer desk for twenty dollars, Ive seen desks for hundreds that arent as useful. The people are friendly and helpful and this place is actually for people to buy things. If you need a couch, you can grab one here for under fifty bucks. Stuff is priced to move, so there is always new stuff coming in.
4	Warning!  This thrift store might shock you.  If you expect a dirty cluttered mess with unhelpful employees -  this place is different.  Deseret Industries is run by the Mormon church.  As a result, the employees are Disney-like clean cut, well spoken, polite, and even dorky-goofy. Immediately, that dorky Donny and Marie Osmond song "I'm a Little Bit Country" popped into my head. Anyway, the facility is spacious. There is good lighting.  All the clothes are laundered before being put out on shelves, though lots of hands touch these garments. While visiting relative in North Vegas, I had a gardening assignment to transplant some flowering annuals. I was here to look for a used small shovel in decent shape. Didn't find it, so I looked around the store. New stuff supposedly comes in every day.  However, few of their stuff was new. Lots of women's and kids things, some furniture, like tables and desks, electronics and old TV's, old shoes, and books can  be found.  The mens sections have categories like athletic clothing, short sleeve knits, t-shirts, jackets, sweatshirts, and even ties.  Hate to say this, but most of their ties are butt-ugly. I've seen ties like this worn on Father's Day only to be quietly donated to places like this.  And of all the displays, the ties were the fullest LOL. I browsed through the oft faded, but mostly old and even retro merchandise, like Tommy Hilfiger and Bad Boy, and similar shirts. So that's where my 90's donation ended up LOL. My brother once found a Trek road bike here with no tires and badly scratched up.  The employee told him it was found in a drainage ditch in North Vegas, and kept in the police station.  After one year, no one claimed it and was donated to Deseret.  So my brother bought it for $40, put some new tires and brakes. It's not very pretty, but it rides well.  Not a bad operation at all.  Actually, the main reason I stayed in here so long was because the outside temp. was 111 degrees F. and it was cool in here. It is a nice operation, though for a thrift store.
5	Did not think this was really a thrift store when I went in the first time.  Kept thinking it was a consignment shop or other unusual 2nd hand store.  Nope, it is just very organized and clean.  Prices are very fair, $8 for a nice leather blazer, new jeans, $50 for wedding dresses, 50c dishes and tchotchkeys, fabric remnants, furniture is decent, but goes fast if it's extra nice.  They have testing stations for electronics, an "as-is" yard for big stuff like gym equipment, beds, golf clubs, luggage, etc. New stuff daily, things go quick so you can't wait on an item.  If you like it BUY it because it will be gone tomorrow. I have stopped going to ALL other Thrift-2nd Hand stores because this one doesn't make you feel like you are grungy, poor or insane while there or for going there.
3	My work place has a small kitchen with some utensils for assisting with daily lunch, or our occasional pot luck, however, the forks always seem to disappear.  I cannot always find one when I need it.  So I decided to check out Desert Industries thrift store to see if they had some forks with a good price.  I was surprise to find they had a large selection of matching and miscellaneous flatware, for 10 cents a piece!  I picked up 15 forks, all matching, for a $1.50!  What a score.I also took a look around and found a few seasonal items that I picked up for a couple bucks to add to my collection.  I guess it pays off to check them out occasionally.
4	I've been a fan of Deseret for a few years now.  One of the better thrift stores in town!  The store is super organized and doesn't have that typical thrift store smell.  All the clothes smell fresh and clean - nice!  The prices are great - priced to sell and putting the "thrift" back in thrift store.  The staff is chatty and as nice as can be.  I'm docking one star because the last time I was there I noticed the addition of the dreaded "collectibles" case - where the thrift stores place the items they think are worth something only to jack up the price. That takes the fun of the find out of it for me - and I hope this isn't an indicator of things to come price-wise.  I would be sad to see Deseret start pricing items close to retail like Savers and Goodwill have done.
5	The staff are friendly and courteous. The store is very clean and it's a non-profit organization.I highly recommend this place.
1	Friendly & courteous staff?  Are you kidding?  We just left there a little while ago.  We chose to leave our cart full of merchandise because of how rude & disrespectful the cashier was.  We were accused of switching stickers on an item.  When I asked the cashier why there was another exact same item with the exact same price sitting on the sales floor (I offered to go get), she said we switched the stickers on both.  Really?I've never even thought of doing such a thing.  Friendly & courteous?  Whoever wrote that must work there.Will never set foot in there again.
5	I"m a big fan of any thrift of discount store. This one is one of my higher ranking stores. Usually a quality selection of items at great prices. Especially in comparison to a store like Savers who's prices tend to be a bit higher for a thrift shop. I love the huge room at the back of the store, there's a ton of random items back there for the finding! They usually have a good holiday selection for decor and more. The staff here is nice, the store is neat and orderly and the bathrooms are clean. Great place to find that awesome bargain! will shop here again!!!
5	i  love this place... it was the 1st thrift store i found when i moved here.... it is really one of the best thrift stores i have been to in years... the prices are so great i can really shop... i have bought everything from clothes and shoes to books and furniture... i can buy my family good brands and styles and not have to bust the bank...  i go here at least once a week just to see if there is anything i have been looking for...
3	Crappy toy selection, old tired furniture, lots of VHS tapes, poor book selection, but very good on quality clothes for both kids and adults on a budget.
4	Paying tax...I like this place, clean, people are friendly as well...
4	This is my favorite thrift store.  I love the fact that all the clothes are color coordinated. So it makes it easy to find a pair of blue capri's on one rack and then a matching blue or whatever color top on another rack!! This way you are not spending hours flipping through close to find the size/color/style you need.  The store is CLEAN! and I find the employees are quiet friendly.  I give it 4 stars because it's too far away from where I live!
3	So I'm an avid thrifter, and today was my first time here. Savers is a lot closer to my house but they have been immensely disappointing lately. I was in the area and decided to give this place a shot.Upon walking in, it looks more like a department store (think a small Kohl's or Ross) than a thrift store. Very neat and organized into sections and by color. And the prices are great. But that's not why I'm reviewing. I'm reviewing because today, at this store, I found my all-time most sought after thrifting item.Stripper shoes.Not only are they Pleaser brand, used by a real stripper, legit Vegas stripper shoes, but they're black, in good condition, AND they're my size. I have no idea why I even want them, but I've looked for this exact item ever since I started thrifting years ago, and the only time I've seen them was at Buffalo Exchange for around $30. I paid $6 at Deseret Industries.Only giving them 3 stars because as a whole, they didn't have the best selection. I got a cute Chico's sweater for 5 bucks and that was about all I could find. Not really much crazy vintage stuff either. But man, am I happy about those stupid shoes.I will be back.
5	Love this thrift shop!! I got about 11 items for $26! The cashier even rang my items up more discounted that I thought!! Very organized and clean everywhere. Things are usually separated well by sizes, nothing mixed up and you don't have to hunt as much as a regular thrift store! Will be back!
5	This thrift store is AMAZING. Their prices are super low, it's pretty huge, and very organized.  It reminds me of a department store the way it's organized, just with crazy low prices.  I found them to have a great selection, and I spent so much time there just going through everything.  Their staff were helpful and their dressing rooms/bathroom were actually clean.  What totally bums me out is that there were Deseret locations in Arizona, where I lived for 6 years, and I never step foot into it.  I MISSED OUT!  Now you know how great it is, so you don't have to miss out too.
4	Love this place! Always find great stuff at low prices.  As clean and organized as it gets for a second hand store!
3	They sold me a coffee maker with the wrong coffee pot. I guess I should've looked but I didn't even think about it. It makes a mess every time I brew a pot so I stopped using it and went back to my tiny 4 cup pot. Not sure who to blame but make sure you really check out what you're buying !
5	This is my absolute favorite thrift store. I always find cute clothing for very decent prices. I got 2 dresses 2 dress pants and 2 business casual shirts for $18.00 today. Can not beat that!!:) They are always very well organized and the staff is always very friendly and willing to help you with anything. Highly recommend everyone to go here. :)
4	Whenever I need to put together a costume, want to browse for some unique finds this place hasn't disappointed in the past. It's organized, it's clean and doesn't smell musty. I miss the thrift stores in CA, I used to be a quite into it as it was one of the few things my dad and I have common ground, and my mom and I like to do DIY restorations. I tend to find a lot of clothes with tags still on, but even new items look cared for. If you're one that likes new and mint clothing, they do have a good selection here. I can find cheap deals when I watch clearances so I surely don't want to pay more of that for used clothes. They organize clothes by category AND color so it makes it way easy when you are looking for something very specific. Need that yellow blazer for a Golden Girls look? You'll look like Blanche in no time! Items are organized well too, with signs indicating what's in the aisle. On this particular visit I was looking for decorations to do the table settings of my wedding. I scored yet again at this place, finding quite a bit of vintage bottles and vases from 50cents-1dollar. I got 12 pieces and spent $9 so I'm pleased with that.I have a feeling I will be checking into this place quite a bit in the following months to snatch up some decorations.  I also feel it's generally more fairly priced than Savers and Goodwill stores. I think those places are best when they run specials, otherwise I find similar items going for 30-40% more. Deseret definitely is my favorite thrift store around the valley.
5	Best thrift store ever. It's huge and very, very well organized.  I stopped going to Goodwill because the stench was nauseating.  This place isn't entirely without that musty smell, but it's not so overwhelming that I want to vomit. I was completely blown away by the prices. I bought a ton of Halloween decor, two dresses for my little one and a large table cloth. My bill was $19.60! Amazing. I will absolutely be going back. If they weren't closing soon I'd probably go back right now, but I'll wait until next weekend.
5	This is my favorite thrift store in Vegas. They have great prices and an awesome collection of vintage and name brand clothing for GREAT prices! This place is huge, clean and always well stocked.
5	My favorite thrift store here In Vegas. I always find the cutest stuff ranging from collectibles to dresses. Store & merchandise are clean and pretty organized. Employees are always polite and helpful.
4	First time i went here few days ago, and omg.. my son had fun cause of many selections of toys. I like their prices on toys, $1 -$2.00. Lots to choose from. Its just unorganized, u gotta dig, some good toys are hiding.
4	Now this was a very pleasant store, Everything on circle racks as far as clothing, so no need to bump elbows with anyone while going through the very clean and well priced clothing. Organized to a 'T'.  The hard goods are in a separate room, Furniture to outdoor items..not the best quality of furniture but hey depends on what you want.  I was looking for a sofa cover.. and lo and behold found the perfect one in Prime condition for 10 bucks.. same one in stores for 60$.. so that made the trip to North Las Vegas worth while.. picked up some other odds and ends and enjoyed the experience.  Cashier was very nice and bagged things well for the rain we were having.... and No Tax!  being Church owned.. what a nice find!
1	I used to go here all the time and I was always impressed by the prices, the staff, and the quality of their items. I've recommended deseret to everyone I knew and my sister and I always made this Deseret the first stop on our usual thrifting route. But man have they gone downhill. Some of the staff is as rude as can be, and the quality has gone down while the prices went up. I bought a decent 27" Sony tube TV there for $10 almost 2 years ago. Granted it was a tube but it included everything and looked brand new. Now if I want to get another TV for whatever reason it's $20 for a beat up no-name 13" tube TV from 1995 that doesn't even work. Today marked the last time I'm ever stepping foot in this place again. My sister and I decided to stop by Deseret to kill some time after avoiding this place for a while, and found a beat up nightstand that we could restore for $20. Mind you I've bought nice furniture here before for $8. We took the $20 nightstand to the cashier and they accused us of switching the stickers on it. The manager quoted us a bullshit price of $50. All for this tiny nightstand with almost no finish left and a missing drawer. After 4 years of shopping here I can finally say I'm done with Deseret. If you want more selection go to Savers, Goodwill, or Epic. Or if you want extremely low prices go check out the Goodwill Clearance Center on Cheyenne. It's unorganized as hell but you can find some nice stuff there for really cheap.
5	Extremely clean and I always find awesome deals here. I love this thrift store! By far the best in Vegas!
5	Could possibly be the best thrift store in Las Vegas. My wife and I love this place, and frequent it once a week. The workers are always smiling and are genuinely kind. They are always getting new items, and you can get some really great finds for a great bargain!
