5	I've been getting barbershop haircuts for years, and Sean is the best around. If you are looking for a quality men's haircut in a clean and friendly environment, this is your spot.
5	One of the few barbershops in phoenix where they will not mess up your hairline, I was going to a unnamed shop in phoenix and after a week of getting a haircut my hairline would look like a 5' oclock shadow, at C&C the cutz last and the environment is one where I can bring my children.
5	It really doesnt get any better than this, finally a shop that doesnt tear up my hairline. It's always good when I can visit during my lunch hour and still have time to eat lunch and return to work after a nice cut and shampoo
5	Been getting my hair cut from Sean for 4 years. Not only is he a good barber but a cool person. Very friendly environment.
4	Had to find a new place to cut my hair after moving from the West side to the Tempe area.  Saw Crisp Cutz on Yelp and decided to give it a shot. The shop is in a small market area along the main road.  The interior is nice and welcoming.  The waiting seats are lined up on a wall right across from the two barber seats.  They have TV's on the walls that was playing ESPN.  This place is manned by two babers, Sean and Polo that have a good customer base.  When I went in, I believe there was maybe around 4 regulars getting their haircut.  I got my hair cut by Polo.  He's a really nice guy and really good at what he does.  The only downfall I have about this place is the wait time.  With 4 people in front of me, it took around 2+ hours before I could get in that barber seat.  I would recommend calling in ahead of time to see what the wait is like before going in.  Overall it was a great place.
5	I get my haircut from Polo and flawless fade every time.  Do make an appointment on  the weekends since it's 1+hr wait if you walk in.  They have TVs, Movies playing.  Such a laid back, cool atmosphere.
5	Started going here last year when my previous guy was unavailable. Sean and Polo are the best. Best haircut I have ever had. Not even close...You will not be disappointed.  I recommend making an appointment.
5	Lets just say, after a lifetime of homestyle haircuts and DIY buzz cuts, I found a real barber! As a 3x annual haircut kinda guy, Polo did an impressive job of getting rid of the winter shag. Quick, clean and well cut! Thanks again Polo and see you in 4mo.
5	I wish I could give more stars...I've been going to this shop for 3 years now.  Sean and Polo are always friendly and inviting.  They make you feel like family.  Not to mention they give the best haircuts!  I am constantly being asked where I get my fade done.Thanks Crisp Cutz!
5	Man, I wish that these guys were back in CA!I came in here on my lunch break while visiting the area for work.  Joe cut my hair, and did a great job. He did the correct cut with scissors and a straight razor. Since he knew that I was going back to work, he even rinsed my hair so that I wouldn't be itchy all day.It was a cool environment, with TVs on all walls playing sports. The guys and their interactions with each other/clients are cool/entertaining. And it looked like they even had an area with a Wii set up for the kids.  Overall, this is a great place!
3	these guys have solid barbers. I had a faux hawk fade from home barber that needed to be cleaned up and deshawn was able to tapper me up.fade, faux hawks, flat top, fros, scissor cuts, solid razor work....solid shop with the usual fun barber banter
5	Such a good barber. The guys are hilarious, and they know how to cut hair. Very high quality job at a cheaper-than-most price. He definitely took care if me and made sure I looked good for my dance. I recommend them 100% to anyone looking for ANY kind of cut.
5	I was so excited to know that Reviews could be submitted through my phone, Im always on the go so here we go here is what I gotta sayLet me tell you about Crisp Cutz, they are amazing. They really take the time to cut hair and make sure you leave their barbershop happy and lookin' handsome!!! Go get your haircut!!!
5	AMAZING!!! Hands down one of the best barber shops in all of Arizona... Great atmosphere, very clean establishment and Professional Barbers. My barber knew exactly what I wanted by just telling him a #3 metal and skin taper!!! I will never go any where else to get trimmed up while in Arizona!!! 5 Stars all day and very worth the wait... Thank You
4	I was on vacation and needed a clean cut. This place not only gave me a great cut but had great customer service. I was also very impressed with a sign that said no cussing or cursing! Super impressed especially these days! Great place and great service!
5	Regarding the long waits, it's because they take their time. One of the best haircuts I've had in awhile.
5	One of the best haircuts I've ever had. They take their time instead of just rushing to get to the next customer. I felt like I was getting a hair cut that fit me instead of something cookie cutter a stylist tries to slap on everybody.
4	Very good barber and I am willing to drive the distance to go here (drive from E. Mesa 202/Power).The barbers are skilled and use a straight-blade to clean up the edges.  There are tvs, and a PS3 system for when there is a line.  Usual barber banter talk about sports and "guy" stuff.Took my lil' brother (well he is 17) here this past weekend to get rid of his "Bieber-style."  He liked the cut/style.  The barber listened to how I explained what I wanted - basically a #2 on the edges/bottom, scissor-cut top (1" off), blend the back/sides to the top - and not shave the back/sides all the way up to the top of the head.  He nailed it.
2	Doesn't look like Arizona barbers can cut hair and I'm not sure why that is :( I don't think my hair is that hard to cut it's rather short but for some reason it's easy to mess up and I'm not sure why!
5	We are new to the area and picked this barbershop after reading reviews online: I'm glad we did, we will definitely be back. I needed a barber to cut my 3 year old son's hair (bi-racial). His dad used to always take him but after moving out of state I had to take him for the first time. Needless to say I had no idea what to even tell them as to how to cut his hair, but they knew exactly what I wanted. These guys did a fantastic job, were very polite, and the place was organized and clean.
1	If I could give this place negative stars, I would.  DO NOT GO HERE, by any means. I was visiting Arizona from NYC and had YELP'd this place and I saw decent reviews. I came in and explained to the barber (should've gotten his name, but I was so pissed that I forgot) exactly how I wanted my hair cut.  I said multiple times, "Not too high."  As he started cutting my hair, I felt it go higher and higher, and whenever I would turn around to look at my hair, he would say, "Would you just let me finish?"  Who the hell says that?  This is not a blind makeover show that you can just do whatever the hell you want.  I could feel him get more irritated.  But this is my hair, so I told him again, "This is way too high, don't go any more higher." And what does he do, he completely shaves a little less than half of my hair off.  A part of me thinks that he already knew I wouldn't like it and would never come back, so he decided to just make it as bad as he could to piss me off.  I don't know.  I was so upset and he could tell.  And then he goes, "Well you don't gotta give me nothing."  Damn, right, I ain't giving you jack.  If anything, you guys need to give me money for walking around looking like half a chia-pet and Mr. Clean gone wrong.  I came home and was extremely unhappy and everyone who has seen me says that it looks like he was just doing an experiment on me.  Again, I warn you.  AVOID THIS PLACE BY ALL MEANS!
5	Even though I drive from Gilbert to crisp cutz it is worth it because I get a great cut and great service. It was hard to find a great shop after moving here from Cali but I think I found crisp cutz as comparable to my old barber. All of their barbers are good at what they do so it doesn't matter who you get. I would recommend setting up an appointment if you are in hurry because since they focus on details on your cut it averages maybe 25-30 minutes for a cut. You also get a towel treatment along with a razor line up. Thanks crisp cutz!
2	I will try this place one more time but will definitely not get the guy in Dreads in the far chair again. Twice he has jacked my head up and does not listen to what I actually ask for. The couple people that recommended this place later told me to go to the barber in the Middle chair which is what I will definitely do next time. One of those friends was in a rush and got the dreaded dude in the far chair and came back with his hair cut jacked up too. Great little shop but having to go to LG's to fix what that guy did twice kinda sucked. I will just request the other guy next time.
5	walked right in and got a great reasonably priced hair cut.  Everyone was friendly and made me feel very welcomed.
