5	This is the only eco-boutique in central Illinois, and the store's merchandise is diverse and fabulous! And even though some of my purchases have been a little expensive, it's been worth it because I know that I'm buying something that is somehow good for the earth. : )
5	This shop is bright and open and cheery inside, and features a whole spectrum of environmentally friendly goods. There's quite an extensive selection of kitchen and baby goods, along with plenty of other items. So far I've mainly found gifts here, but I did pick up some laundry detergent the last time I was in. Every time I stop in there's something new. The owner is incredibly friendly and passionate about finding products that live up to their environmentally friendly claims. It's well worth heading an extra block north of the busier shopping area of downtown Champaign to check it out.
5	Do you like recycling? Do you like organic plants? Do you like to support green living? You will love this place!B Lime is in northern Downtown Champaign, by Carmon's and KoFusion.  They sell all kinds of eco-friendly products, from dish soap made from fruit and vegetables to baby shoes made from recycled tires (these are super cute BTW) to natural mineral makeup to organic cotton shirts. I don't buy make-up anywhere else, now! I love their organic plant-based lip glosses, too, and I usually pick up some tasty treat while I'm in there -- last time it was a bag of organic nuts and dried fruit. Mmmm...it's a really fun place for weekend shopping :-)
5	I wish Champaign had more stores like this. It's a really nice place and has really cool stuff and the owner is a total sweetheart! It's a great spot for gifts too, and the store itself is just cool looking. Go and support green!
3	This store no longer exists in a physical location.  It's online-only for now, as of June 30, 2011.  Too bad, since the actual store looked pretty cool.  I wish I'd had a chance to visit it.I did browse the online store, which has absolutely terrible navigation.  You can't browse entire sections at once, but have to select a sub-section within each section in order to see the products.  Extremely annoying, especially since some sub-sections have only a few products or zero products.  Makes for very tedious browsing.I noticed a few cool items that I'd like to own while browsing the shop, but it seems to be in transition right now and is generally under-stocked.  One really cool thing is that local customers (in the C-U area) can pick up their orders at a few different places instead of paying for shipping.  I definitely like that feature, and hope to make some purchases once the store really establishes itself online and stocks up on new merchandise.
