5	the best gyro in pittsburgh, and perhaps anywhere i have ever been.i was introduced to salim's food when he catered monthly gyro fundraisers at central catholic high-school. he also catered my brother's graduation party which was awesome. can you imagine how sweet it was to have those leftovers at your house??the storefront has a good selection of middle-eastern ingredients to buy and a sizable dining area to eat-in. definitely one of pittsburgh's best kept secrets.
5	This place is such a hidden gem. I first went to Salim's a few years ago with friend of mine who bought me a falafel. It was amazing and I was hooked! After that I started taking trips over there for some of my weekly shopping items and I made sure to bring my friends there at every chance I got. I would go and buy my hummus, spinach pies, his special dressing (he sells it if you ask him too) and tabbouleh salad. It use to be he would serve it to you and now he has it set up where you go like you are in a grocery store and just pick things out.  He also has a cute little cafe set up next to his store front. So if you are in the mood for a quick bite to eat this is the place to go.Salim is very friendly and if you ever have questions he's happy to answer them. It's really the best hidden secrete in the city. I don't live in Pittsburgh anymore but still visit my family and whenever I'm in town I really stock up for my drive home to Bethlehem, PA.
4	Food here is always great. Place looks insignificant from the outside- I think they make most of their money from catering. Guys who run the place are always super friendly and helpful. Low prices and it doubles as a grocery store. I suggest buying some baba ganoush  to go. Kind of place you stop into for lunch or a snack.
5	This is the thing I miss the most about Pittsburgh. Salim's has the best gyros I have ever had. their cheese pies and meat pies are also delicious. They make everything in house. We ate at Salim's at least once a week and never had bad food or bad service. We were always greeted with a "hello my friends' and left with a grateful "thank you". You are doing yoru self a disservice by not eating here.
4	delicious, finally a good falafel place in Pittsburgh. Go here instead of leena's in Oakland. Falafel wrap is amazing, with lots of falafel and pita was warm and very fresh. Tabbouleh salad to go was great, and the dressing wasn't added until I paid which prevented the salad from getting too mushy. I will definitely be going back here, often.
4	girlfriend and i enjoyed our meal here. the prices were great. this was my first gyro (girlfriend had the falafel) in the city so i have nothing to compare it too (and i hope that changes soon). will return.
5	Best hommos, gyros, and baklava.  The owner and staff are always very friendly too.  Great place all around.
5	Just had the best spinach pie in my life, so fresh and garlicky! Jb and the inlaws all had chicken tandoori and each were raving about it. I tasted the basmati rice which was light & fluffy and sooo full of flavor.  Salims catered a friends wedding last year andthere were absolutely no complaints. Salims is amazing!  Can't wait to go back!!
5	Delicious. The inside of this place looks like it use to be a BINGO hall or something equally open-spaced. The food is served cafeteria style and tantalizes you from behind a glass display.I had the kefta, which was a seasoned patty of lamb and beef. It was on a warm, chewy pita and tasted  great. The light sauce mixed with the veggies (they added a middle eastern style pickled cucumber) were a crunchy, delicious combo.For dessert we got this mesmerizingly orange dessert that I later learned was called Jalebi. It was light and airy and completely drenched in delicious, sweet syrup. It was interesting to say the least.The grocery next door is incredible as well, especially the butcher's area. Fresh meat hangs on hooks right in front of you and the people manning the counter are willing to answer your questions. My friend ended up buying pre-seasoned kefta meat for later after one of the employees suggested a serving size for him.I'll definitely come back here and take photos next time.
5	My favorite little ethnic market. I've been getting my shisha here every week for over a year. When I left my debit card at home, the owner let me take my purchase and just pay for it on my next visit! I've never been treated so well by a business before. I plan to shop here for a long time to come!
4	I love the food here, plus I also use the store to buy ingredients.  The spinach pies are great.  The Hummus, Baba Ghanough, and Taboulee are made fresh and taste delicious.  Also love the Sleek.  There's a Middle Eastern place in the strip, but Salim's is much more consistent and is much more likely to have what I am looking for.
3	Good gyros; good desserts; reasonable prices.
4	The owner is very nice and friendly and very organized! you can just tell!Good food! Literally everything on the menu is GOOD! Yes, I've tried them all.
4	Salim's is the consummate place to pick up quick and satisfying snacks. I love his babaganoush and vegetarian stuffed grape leaves. And his hummus is some of the best around. Not my favorite spinach pies in town, but you can't win 'em all. You can also count on Salim's for basic Mediterranean grocery items. We just picked up some pomegranate syrup (real grenadine) to experiment with.
5	i've only been here once for lunch, but i can't think of a single thing to complain about. the greek-style home-cooked food was delicious and there were so many choices. i didn't buy anything to go in the store, but the selection was very large and pretty interesting. also, the prices were quite reasonable and salim was super friendly and helpful.
4	Very nice. Had the gyro. Very good gyro. The sauce used for the gyro is what makes it so delish. The other toppings were nothing special. Will be back for more. Cashew fingers were only a 'meh' for me.
4	Salem's is a great store almost as great as the owner (nicest man who is honest with the food). I love stopping in here for their sweets which are always reasonably priced (a dollar, give or take a few cents) and fresh. They also have a great selection of spices - for those recipes that call for the most random, obscure ingredients, I just check in at Salims. I haven't gotten their meals here yet but definitely looking forward to the day that i do!
4	Good food and a pretty good selection of groceries. Sometimes the food is a little too dry, and some would say that it is too expensive, but I like it.There is a $10 minimum on credit cards, which sucks if you just want dinner or something, but you can always buy a dozen feta and spinach rolls....MMMmmmmm
4	I made the walk out to Salim's today for a gyro. The quality was fine, and it was very filling for only $5.25. I also picked up some Turkish Delights which I have not managed to find elsewhere within walking distance of Pitt's campus. There were also several trays filled with fresh Middle Eastern desserts such as Baklava.
5	I am all for ethnic/specialty grocery stores!  It's the only way to get authentic obscure ingredients!  The location is super convenient.  There's parking.  It's very clean and organized.  The food smells delicious, but I have not had a chance to try it yet.  And, the service is friendly and helpful!Definitely stop by if you're in need of some middle eastern food or supplies!
5	I am so grateful that this place exists. The spices seem to be reasonably priced (especially the cardamom! which is much cheaper than at normal grocery stores!) and they carry various items I live off of, such as pints of kefir and lemons. Also the restaurant portion of Salim's is decent. The gyro salad I had was good. The lamb could have been more flavorful, but the salad dressing that came with was very tasty. Salim is a good place to visit for both common and unusual groceries.
5	I finally found the courage to try Salim's baba ganoush. I only wish I had done so sooner! The man knows his eggplants. I think it is safe to say he has the best ganoush in Pittsburgh
5	The best Falafel I have tested in Pittsburgh so far.
4	I stopped by last night to get some take out, since it's that time of week when I'm getting sick and tired of the usual swill, and I'm just about fresh out of groceries.  This place is about a block from my apt., and I've passed it about a thousand times, but I never would have thought to stop by if it weren't for Yelp.  (Sidenote: I really need to try the ready-to-eat food at some of the other ethnic markets in the area!)Based on the reviews here, I decided to try the falafel and the spinach pie.  I honestly can't remember the last time I had falafel--it's been years (don't judge!).  Since I live so close, I got them both for take out, though, as others have mentioned, there is some seating if you prefer to eat in.  Together, they cost under $8.  The older gentleman--who I assume is the owner--made the falafel pita as I waited, and retrieved the spinach pie from the display case (he asked me if I wanted it heated, which I did, so he warmed it up in the microwave).  He seemed very friendly, answering my stupid questions about the falafel pita (yes, it comes with all the fixings), and making conversation with me about my travels in Southeast Asia (I was wearing a Cambodia t-shirt).When I got home, I promptly tucked into the falafel sandwich and then the spinach pie after pouring myself a glass of iced tea to accompany them. The falafel pita was quite savory, and I enjoyed the variation in texture and flavor that the vegetables and pita offered.  I'd advise eating it as quickly as possible, though, since despite not wasting time in eating it, it was cooler than I'd like by the time I was halfway through.  The spinach pie, on the other hand, remained quite warm, despite that I saved it until after I'd finished the falafel pita.  Although it was a bit soggier than I'd like on the bottom, the flavors were quite delectable--even more so than the falafel pita, in my opinion.  Both the falafel pita and the spinach pie were clearly homemade.  For me, the two of these items were sufficient for a meal, esp. since I've been trying to eat on the lighter side recently.  If you're a heavy eater, however, you may wish to get another sandwich or side.While I was ordering, I noticed this place serves gyros and Middle Eastern desserts.  I'll definitely keep this in mind for next time I want a gyro or some baklava!  It's awesome to find another great hole-in-the-wall place so close to my apt.--thanks, fellow Yelpers!
