5	Dare i say....Best pedicure I have ever had!!!!! Staff was friendly and attentive. Both my friend and I had an hour+ in the pedicure chair with someone giving full attention to our feet. We both decided to add on a 'scrub' (hers sugar, mine salt) and it was well worth the minimal fee of $5!  If I didn't live on the other side of the country, I would fit in weekly visits. Next time I am in the Phoenix area, I'm definitely making my way back to Highlights.
5	If you are going to get a Manicure or Pedicure in Goodyear, this is the place to go! The staff is friendly and professional, but best of all the place is CLEAN! I love the massage chairs and they have recently added the hair salon section in the back! Ali always takes great care of her customers! I love this place! Customer for life!
5	I have been searching for a good nail salon for over a year.  This place is incredible.  Tabitha did the most amazing job on my nails, I highly recommend her.  Even the owner came by to talk to me!  Best customer service EVER in a salon, great talent, modern and clean environment. LOVE IT!
5	I just moved to Goodyear and was looking for a new nail place. I happened on Highlights while running an errand and decided to go in for a quick pedicure, but ended up doing a deluxe pedicure and gel nails. This place is awesome. First, it is very sanitary. This place is CLEAN. None of this quick spritz with sanitizing spray thing, but deep cleaning using sanitizing machines, multiple barbacide soaks, etc. I happened to be there during a slow time and there was a new employee who was being trained on how to clean everything... it was impressive. Also, everyone is SO nice. The entire staff was friendly, talkative, sweet, and you could understand them. Finally, the prices are incredibly reasonable. The basic pedicure is $20 and includes all of the basics- a soak, massage, warm towels, color. Then, there are several options that you can add on for $5 each: callus removal, 2 different types of scrubs, paraffin, and cooling/moisturizing treatment. While some people may complain about $5 extra to remove calluses during a pedicure, you have to remember you are starting from a base price of $20. I added the callus removal and a salt scrub, and it was the best pedicure I have ever had (and I've been to places that start at $50 for pedis). My feet have NEVER felt this soft. The gel nails are $25 and $5 extra for french tips, also very reasonable compared to most places. They carry 3 different gel lines, so they have plenty of colors to choose from for gel manis. The young lady taking care of me (Jacinda) was very attentive to detail and just fantastic. While I was there, someone came in to get a smudge fixed on her manicure, and her tech also seemed very attentive and spent a long time making sure everything looked right and was fixed properly. They have a pretty good selection of colors and carry OPI and all the other main brands. They also have a punch card: for every treatment you get (mani, pedi, haircut), you get one punch on your card. After 10, you get a free pedicure. So, basically, I have found my new nail place! The ladies did say that they can get pretty busy on the weekend, so you might want to make an appointment rather than be a walk-in.
5	Update: I went in to get my hair done this week and had a fantastic experience with that, as well. I've been going back regularly for my manicures and have still been very happy with everything. All of the employees that I have encountered have been very friendly and thorough.
5	I finally found a place to get my nails done...pain free!  I called for an appointment (they also take walk-ins) and was surprised they could get me in the same day.  Ali (she and her husband own and run the salon) took her time and was very thorough and careful with me.  She discovered the other place I had been going to severely damaged my nails (thus the pain I experienced afterwards).  I tried the organic nails...so far so good!  With the organic nails you need fills every 3 weeks and could push it to 4 weeks.  And they are affordable!  As others have stated, the salon is very clean.  It's always nice to see barbicide and the autoclave in view.  On top of cleaning between clients, I also saw them spray down everything with barbacide at the end of the day!  I would advise you to make an appointment as they seem to get pretty busy, especially on the weekends.  Will definitely be back!
5	I wanted to try a new nail salon for gel mani and pedi and decided to check out Highlights based on Yelp reviews. So glad I did! I had a wonderful experience! The salon is so clean and the staff is friendly and professional. I was welcomed by the owner, Ali, who also did my mani/pedi. She was so thorough and easy going. She took her time with my pedi and gave an excellent massage. I also observed how the rest of the staff interacted with clients and showed a genuine interest in providing great customer service. Ali's husband manages the front desk and client flow. I watched him attentively clean the pedi spa tubs and chairs as soon as a technician finished a pedi. How refreshing to see the attention to detail in sanitizing the stations while being mindful of waiting times. I appreciate the husband/wife team and their conscientiousness of being efficient and personable to their clients. I also had the best gel mani here. Ali explained the process and steps she takes to ensure the gel lasts longer. I love how they have built in UV lights in the stations. It's inconspicuous location allows you to put your hand comfortably in the in each side of the table, no bulky portable UV machine that is places right in front of you like the other places. I will definitely be coming back to try their hair/skin care services and recommending Highlights to my friends and family. Overall excellent customer experience!!
5	What an amazing experience! My mother and I decided we needed a new nail place since we have been bouncing around from nail salon to nail salon and not really liking the environment, conversation etc. let me just say "Found Nail Heaven". Relaxing atmosphere, beautiful job on the gel manicure, and the pedicure was simply amazing. Chris and Cassie did a great job. If you are looking for a relaxing environment and beautiful nails-you need to check this place out.
5	Great experience, as my daughter states, "Nail Heaven". Definitely coming back.
5	This is the only place I go to to get my nails done! Clean, friendly atmosphere. I always have Yvonne who is great! She is personable, professional, and does an awesome job with my nails. Deff recommend her! Great with massages too using reflexology techniques :)
5	Took my nieces last minuet for a "Girls Day" we got there an hour before closing and I thought we where going to be rushed. To my surprise the ladies who did our Pedicures took their time and made sure everything came out perfect. I had taken my nieces for their first time at the nail salon and they definitely made my experience memorable especially for my nieces. They had a blast. We will be making this place our "Girls Day" go to place! Thank you for making this experience special. You will be seeing us again. Also the prices are fantastic!
5	I just moved out here and was looking for a nail salon. I saw this place on yelp. They told me about organic nails. It's an alternative to sculptured nails. I usually get gels because the sculptured was destructive to my real nails.  I went with the organic nails and two weeks later my nails still look great. No pealing or chipping like with the gels, which would happen after only a few days. Ali did a great job on my nails and shaped them perfectly. I did pay the extra to get the gel overlay French manicure. You can get the white tips to begin with if you'd like though!.I also got a pedicure in which they give you a great foot and leg massage. They also have more nail polish behind the counter to choose from.My husband's got his hair cut, and I hope I spell her name right, by Shawndy. Usually everyone just buzzes his hair too short. She got the length just right the first time. Not too long not too short. One thing I can say is, I'm not used to getting my hair done at a nail Salon and I was a bit leery about doing so. I am very picky about my hair, especially because it is so fine.  Olga did a great job with the color And was very gentle with my hair. She did not yank or pull the wrappers out. I have to say, overall I am very impressed with this place. They do so much more than most nail salons and do a great job!  As for the comments about it being uncomfortable for a guy to be working the front desk and cleaning, I don't get that. I've had my nails done by guys for years.   So a guy working in a nail Salon is nothing new and he is very pleasant when he greets you.  I have found everyone there to be very kind and friendly. It is a very friendly clean environment where everyone appears to love what they are doing. I will definitely continue going here for my hair and nails.
5	I really like this place. I tend to not go too often and jump around a bit, but I think this is my favorite. I really appreciate that English is the primary language in the salon and I'm not left wondering if they are talking about my feet (which I would certainly deserve at times)!  Had a pedicure by Vanessa and it was the best massage!!
5	Upon moving to Arizona,  it was difficult for me to find a nail salon that I was comfortable with.  I found that most of the salons in the West Valley had rude nail techs who try to up sell everything to you and when you decline, they immediately talk to the nail tech next to them in their native language.  You can probably guess what they are saying.  Needless to say, I was sooo happy when I discovered "Highlights".  The owner and nail techs are friendly and there is no pressure to upgrade your service.  The place is clean and the more importantly, no one is talking about me.  They are talking to me in English!  Imagine that!
5	Ali did such a great job fixing my nails that were horribly done at another salon! I would recommend Ali and this salon to anyone looking for quality work and good cust svc. So glad I stumbled into this salon! Can't wait to come back next time!
5	This salon is by far the best salon I've ever been to and I've been to a lot! Everyone is so nice and friendly. I don't feel like I'm just another customer. Ally is the owner and she is the one that does my nails. She is amazing!! She pays attention to detail and cares about what you see as the finished product. She offered to do organic nails instead of acrylic because it's better for my nails and I was skeptical but WOW what a difference. I can't even tell I have anything on my nails. If you are looking for a place to get your nails done, you have GOT to Highlights! Oh and Bernice does really good pedicures and gel nails!
3	I went about a week ago, I got my eyebrows waxed and a pedi. My pedi was done by Olga she rushed it and was low quality I paid extra to get my feet scrubbed and now they look ruffer then they did before I went in. My polish was poorly done and looks uneven,  she was really nice just not a very good job. My eyebrows were done ok she missed a couple of spots and I had to clean them up once I got home. I was rather disappointed since I read nothing but good reviews.  Sadly to say I will not be going back.
5	I happened to see the reviews about this salon and decided to add mine as well since I used to go there prior me moving far north.  My favorite tech is Olga who is very professional and knows what is she doing. She is also very nice and friendly. She also has a lot of ideas about different nail designs. I also like that fact that she does the great job with your hair. Yes! You can also have a haircut, highlights   done at the same place. I have a lot of compliments about my hair and my highlights that were done by  Olga. I would recommend her. The salon is very clean and the primary language is English which I really like. I think it is very rude to speak other language at your presence when you have no idea what are they talking about.
5	5 stars! As soon as I got there, the owner asked me what I needed (pedicure), he personally cleaned and disinfected the spa chair and tub where I was going to be helped. (Clap!) Then, I was greeted by the technician and she was very friendly and kept conversation in a good manner. She took her time to massage my legs and feet, she was not in a hurry at all. Midway thru my pedicure, the owner offered me some water (Wow!) and they used clean tools which is very important for me. I loved this place I will definitely be going back.
2	I wanted to like it but I've had better. The people were as nice as can be, and very clean, but the service wasn't the best. Small selection of colors both regular and gel. My pedi was ok, but I can notice that she missed some top coat. My gel mani is very very thick, too thick. Also, she cut me pretty bad and I didn't really notice how bad til I have this big ugly scab. She knew she cut me and I didn't see any blood, I felt stinging and she put some of that green stuff on it and said it was t help moisten and nourish my skin, not disinfect cuz she cut me. Oh well, you win some you lose some. My eyebrow wax was adequate, but she didn't trim them only wax.
1	This review is coming a bit delayed, I realize, but I finally had time to sit down and write one. The place looks nice and the staff was friendly, but that's about where it ended. I went in for a pedicure and waxing with my mother right before my wedding at the end of September. The girl that was doing my mom's pedicure was very young, and chatted away the whole time, which was fine. However, she wasn't paying attention to what she was doing and had to remove the polish several times, and in the end her polish job looked unprofessional and messy. My polish looked just fine, and I requested rhinestones. None of the women working had clear rhinestones which I thought was annoying, but I picked another color and moved on. An hour or 2 after my pedicure my toes started to hurt terribly. I figured they were just irritated and would feel better the following day. Boy was I wrong. By that night I had signs of what seemed to be a pretty bad infection in my toes. My big toe on one foot in particular was extremely swollen and painful. The next day they began to ooze pus and had swelled to nearly double their size. I was getting married in 3 days and could hardly walk. I ended up having to buy white flip flops to wear last minute because I couldn't put my wedding shoes on. I had never had an ingrown toenail or toe infection in my life and found this to be incredibly worrisome and appalling, much less expensive to get rid of. If I wasn't so caught up in my wedding and the move out of state that followed I would have been following up with a report to the health bureau and the cosmetology licensing bureau. All and all an incredibly bad experience, and I certainly wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. The only redeeming quality of this place is that the employees are nice. That's it. But that doesn't cut it when you aren't properly sanitizing your equipment.
5	I had just recently moved out here and was looking for a new nail tech/salon. I am so glad I found this place! The place is very nice, the staff is beyond friendly, and the service I got was amazing. Casandra is amazing at what she does, absolutely amazing! I am beyond picky about my nails, I like them VERY short and squared without the edges rounded & she did that without ANY complaints and I also showed her a picture of what I wanted and she NAILED the picture to a T. I will be coming back without a doubt, best service I've got since I've been down here!
5	Very good service and great value. A full service pedicure for $25, can't beat it in Edmonton.
5	I have been coming here for over a year now.  If that isn't testament enough...I drive from South Mountain!  Ali continues to take her time while doing my nails, even though I think she could my nails with her eyes closed!  I continue going back because I know they value me as a customer as much as I value them taking care of me.  When I walk in Saturday mornings everyone greets me (makes me feel like a celebrity!) then Ali, Jim, and I catch up with each other.  I've continued getting the organic nails and would recommend them to anyone.  I recommend Pat for waxing...probably the best I've ever had when it comes to professionalism and details.  Don't let her age fool you!  She's wise beyond her years!  I've seen this place grow over the past year, and highly recommend you call for an appointment so you aren't stuck waiting for an hour to get a service.  Don't get mad when you try to get a full set Saturday afternoon and have to wait an hour or more...these girls are busy and all have their own clients!  I book my appointments three months out to make sure I have my Saturday morning slot!
1	I am really upset with the hair cut I had received. My layers were all choppy, every section pulled was AT LEAST off 2 inches to what she had cut. I won't go back for a hair cut. I would double check the hair stylist and make sure next time she can actually cut someone's hair and make it even.
2	Bianca did my pedicure and unfortunately it was the worst pedicure that I've ever had. She didn't trim my cuticles at all or remove the dead skin around my toes. I got the callus removal, and she barely scrubbed my feet. I always get dry feet during winter, and after this pedicure my feet still aren't summer ready. Highly disappointed. Not at all worth the $32 I paid. The staff is very friendly, and the prices would be reasonable if it was quality work.
