5	Such an awesome antique and vintage shop!  I found a vintage- super cool, super narrow and long metallic blue vinyl clutch here.  Perfect for wearing with any outfit.  They've also got vintage toys, jewelry, dresses, antiques and more.  I got to talking with the owner, Bonnie, who tells me the shop is kinda haunted, people have claimed they've seen ghosts in her shop.  I'm not into ghost hunting but if you are, maybe you'll see one when you visit!
4	-Small and cute antique shop with many "true" antiques and vintage treasures (not like how many of them are adding boutique crap).-Looks like a little emporium or old style general store. -A cute candy section.-Upstairs is well-worth the visit. -Decent prices.-Right across the street from the VT Library.
5	I had a wonderful time looking around! There are so many things there that catch my fancy, its almost dangerous to go there;)
5	A True Vintage Shop with so many antiques, vintage, and collectible items. Atmosphere is awesome, and the music puts you in the mood for a great shopping experience. Something for everyone. Also has a well stocked vintage candy area!
4	A great stop!  Vintage photos, antique glassware, toys and a fun little vintage candy section.  Owners have been in the business a while and are very friendly.  Come on Saturday and meet Charlie the dog!  Great old building...if you like ambiance, this place has the best wood floors.
5	There is something insanely adorable about this shop, and it's not just Charlie the dog (who is a fine, noble hound and will help with getting things from cases).Zola Bell's is one of the few case-focused antique shops that I really, really like, and that's because the Z in Zola is clearly for ZOMG. As in "ZOMG! Look at all those vintage salt-and-pepper shakers and every last one is cute!" or "ZOMG! An entire wall of vintage toys!" or "ZOMG! SPARKLY!" If Frances were a vintage/antique shop instead of a handmade-ish/hipster shop...? That's roughly the idea here. Lots of interesting little things, much cute but not excessively twee, some level of rustic but not to the point of involving chickens, many things that will add a level of authenticity to your restored bungalow or some vintage charm to your urban condo but that haven't been over-exposed in every decorating magazine yet... And candy.
5	Awesome. I wish this shop were in Melrose, but then I'd have no reason to drive anywhere ever again.
5	Out of all the antique shops in this area this is my favorite by far! They have such a huge selection of various antiques and collectibles, and the atmosphere is so cool and relaxed. The staff is very friendly and welcoming, which was very refreshing. If you are done browsing the downstairs section, check out the upstairs for more!
