4	I realized my faux pas with the last review.  Downtown Phoenix is the black hole of convenient delivery pizza.  Yes, there is Pizzeria Bianco but I have yet to find the time, motivation, and dinner companions to accompany me on a 3 hour wait for pizza.So, we usually order from Domino's.  Partially because their Brooklyn style is pretty good and partially because ordering reminds me of a blog that had me laughing/giggling/snorting for hours: http://www.thesneeze.com/mt-archives/000707.php.  I occasionally find ridiculous stuff way funnier than most people would, and the thought of beef nuggets without footing is making me laugh at this very moment.*wipes tears from eyes and takes a minute to calm down*So the ordering is incredibly easy once I stop laughing about whether or not I want the toppings on the right or the left.  And they have the "Pizza Tracker" which tells you what stage your pizza is in and who is completing the task.  I have to say that Wade has done a damn fine job and I'm disappointed if we order on a night that he isn't working.  Not because other Domino's employees mess it up, we have just become fond of seeing his name.Domino's no longer has the policy of delivering in less than 30 minutes or your pizza is free, but they do come damn close.  Our pizza is almost always here in a half hour (another joy of the pizza tracker).My only recommendation is to never order the baked dessert thingies; they always taste like garlic because they're made in the same oven.
3	We go back and forth with this place.  Sometimes good and sometimes bad.Today we ordered the new pan pizza. It sounds good. When it arrived the pizza tasted like the box smelled. The new black box stinks. The pizza was not edible.We called and they said that they would send another pizza.  Not a fan of this new box.
1	I like domino's pizza when I just want to have cheap pizza delivered.  This location however is awful.  They have messed up the last 3 orders.  1, the crust was missing its seasoning completely and the cheese was half missing - what?  2. the order arrives well over 30 minutes late and wasn't piping hot like you expect.  When i called to check on my tardy order, the manager Carla was rude and told me "not to worry about it." What again?  3. I ordered a hand tossed, to hopefully get the garlicky crust I missed out on previously, and they delivered a pan pizza 10 minutes late.  How does one make the online order THAT wrong?  It prints out.  There are only so many crust options.  Carla was rude this time too - if you mess up okay, but don't make it worse by treating your already frustrated paying customer like crap.
4	Its been awhile since I had pizza from Domino's Pizza. But last time I ordered was from here. When I ordered last time, it was from here.  The pizza was very good. The garnished it with a generous amount of toppings. Which is always nice. As I hate needing to pay for some extra toppings when there should have already been enough pizza to start with.Ordering online is always easy. And having a pizza tracker is a nice touch. Price is not bad for what you are getting.  But I feel they are over priced for their speciality pizzas. Drivers are do pretty good, but often they fail to being enough of one item or another.  Like napkins or crushed red peppers. As long as they keep up the good work. I will continue to order pizza from here.
2	Approximately 75% of the time they screw up my order by forgetting soda or sauce, or something else. I finally got fed up with it and called the manager who simply said "It seems as though you are already upset. I don't know what I can do". Well for starters you can tell corporate that the lines they teach you to say are to be used when appropriate...its inst the first thing you say. I probably wont order again. Its one thing to pay extra for marinara sauce with an order of bread or Parmesan bites but when it doesn't get delivered on a consistent basis, it is flat our irritating. Get it together Dominoes! In case you have not yet noticed, you have many competitors.
1	Once again my local dominos lets me down. I call the store after according to the website my order left the store over an hour ago and the manager literally laughed when i asked for a refund. Keep my $29 Dominos bc you will never get another dime from me or anyone I know.
