2	Got a late night nutella crepe here.  Made fresh.  I'll say that the crepes were a bit bigger, but does that satisfy the taste requirement?  Not particularly.  I wasn't impressed with the crepe flavor.  Not to mention, they didn't make the crepes any differently for those of us that want to walk home and eat a nutella crepe.  I had to improvise on my own.
5	we were advised to check this place for the best deals on breakfast by our local friend and we just fell in love with this cafe!the food is yummy! the portions are huge! the prices are great! the satff is very friendly! and it's open starting 7am! the ambiance is hawaii-cozy with pink umbrellas at the outdoor patio and the food is with a hint of tropical in it.try crepes with nutella and bananas with strawberries or crepes with cheese and mashrooms! all under $8!would definitely go there again and bring a friend along!
3	Good portions. Tons of tropical fruit. Crepes!...But just average results.Giant, confusing menu; the staff is helpful but there's only so much you can do with such an onslaught of choices. The bacon was basically popcorn and the eggs were forgetable. My suggestion? Skip breakfast, go straight to the yummy crepes, and add one of those blended tropical drinks. That's a recipe for a four star review right there.
4	Very good French crepes.  I had the chocolate covered strawberries and banana.  Sweet deliciousness!
5	Super quality and original fruit drinks. They take care to give you everything you need when you order takeout- management is obviously very focused on quality and service! Rare for Montreal.
2	Honestly I don't know why this place is getting such fantastic reviews or maybe I just ate the wrong thing? I ordered the asparagus, cheese and tomato crepe. It was dripping in oil, the asparagus came from a can and the cheese was tasteless. Not for me at all.
2	Service was friendly. However, the decor looks very old. I ordered the 'Mambo' breakfast which consisted of mostly fruit, undercooked eggs with no seasoning, two strips of bacon, some fried potato slices, and two pieces of sliced white loaf bread. All this cost me over $9. On top of that, I had to pay cash.  No wonder it's always empty. I don't recommend this place. So many better ones around there. Should have tried Java U
4	Neat spot. I did not order the right dish.... But I will try again. Fresh fruit is great and the pineapple mango juice in a beer mug is fun and tasty. I think the waffle or crepe would be best, not so much an egg and bacon spot. This is not a greasy spoon.
5	Place was great... food was awesome and service was amazing...very kid friendly...highly recommend
3	Cocktail Hawaii is a colourful non-pretentious juice bar filled with faux palm trees. Although this will not be a life changing experience, the ginormous mugs of fruit cocktails are delicious! My favourite is Laguna, half of the Hawaiian (strawberry, banana, milk and honey) and half of the Kamikaz (avocado, honey and milk). It is slightly on the almost cloyingly sweet side but still within tolerance. I would recommend Nuit de Liban, a plate of achta and honey with banana, mango, strawberry, papaya and kiwi sprinkled with pistachios, almonds and raisins. To be honest, I am not sure why a place that serves Lebanese cream is offering a Hawaiian experience, but the refreshing fruit platter did make my belly rejoice. P.S. Avoid the crepes. I had the Tropicana (strawberries, banana, mango topped with ice cream). The crepe had an off-putting texture.
4	I used to visit here frequently, back when I lived in montreal. Back for a visit, and enjoying a fruit packed plate "nuit de liban". I am a big fan of their fruit & achta dishes. I would not recommend eggs/bacon/etc here.
3	We were driving aimlessly in the area, looking for a place to have a casual dessert after a nice dinner. My friend laughs as she abruptly turns left and exclaims: "we're going to the kitchiest place in Montreal." We ended up at Cocktail Hawaii. Ordered a crepe, was told they weren't allowed to cut the finished crepe in half to put on two separate plates. Then, with a wink of understanding, the server did it anyway. How sweet... Crepe was okay, thanks.
