4	This neighborhood branch library has been updated. It opens onto the street not the back of the parking lot now. It has a charming little outdoor walled nook to read on days it's not too hot - a wonderful touch. The update devotes roughly 2/3 of the space to Internet access or social gathering spots - one each for children, teens, and a space that can be used for meetings or watching film or presentations in a group. Book/dvd stacks are a small fraction of the space now - you can access the system-wide inventory digitally and request an item be sent to this branch. The place was packed at 3PM on a recent Wednesday with all sorts of ages and ethnicities. Thinking about the changes as compared to the libraries I grew up with, I was reminded of the American Public Library system's founder, Andrew Carnegie, and why he gave his Bill Gates-sized fortune to create the library system - to allow those who are don't have the resources a place to learn for free so they can move up the social ladder - just as he did - although he had to pay for it as a desperately poor ghetto child in the for-profit libraries of his time.I'm glad that basic principle remains in place, even though the physical books have become largely irrelevant.
5	Great and huge selection of DVDs. Kids and adults - you'd actually want to watch. Recent
3	3 Stars does not quite accurately reflect what I think of the library.Staff and Facilities = 4.5 starsPatrons = 1.5 starsDon't let Saguaro tiny size discourage from stopping by.  The library is tiny, but packed to the brim with DVDs, CD's and books.  About a third of the space is devoted to media, another third for sitting  and a third for computers.  The movie selection and CD selection quite good, particularly for old movies like Alfred Hitchcock.  The magazine selection is kind of random, but the newspapers are always up to date.  There is generally a wait for the 15 computers, which can only be used for one hour.   There are plenty of staff to help you with few amenities of the library.  They are always more than helpful to assist a lost soul.As for quiet study space, this is why this place is a 3.    I can honestly say, patrons here don't have a concept for library etiquette.  People regularly take cell phone calls and proceed to tell you their life story over the phone, while complaining about other's noise.   Study space is limited and definitely not tranquil.So if you live within 1-2 mile radius of the library and need a quick movie or CD for the night, stop by, and please be courteous, the place is noise enough.
4	On a day-trip to AZ with my daughter, we spent a while reading and relaxing from a packed day of sightseeing and shopping.Good spot to recharge (and make a stop by the restroom which can be a challenge to find in the city.)
5	I don't think enough people knows and/or takes advantage of all the Phoenix Public LIbrary has to offer!  I love getting cookbooks, movies, and tv shows - you can rent the whole season all at once!This library used to smell like sweat when you walked in but now since its been deep cleaned it just smells like old books.  Sometimes there are people out front asking you to sign petitions or offering you the key to the kingdom of heaven but they've always been polite so far when I say "no thank you" or just don't seem interested.Oh, and the best feature is you can search online through all the items any of the libraries carry and have them shipped to your local branch.  Then you just have to go to the hold section, pick them up, and check out.  The check out process is so easy and fast and the library staff at this branch is so nice.This is really an amazing service provided by our tax dollars and we should all take advantage!
4	You can spend hours in this library - the rooms seem to be endless and there are books upon books to explore. Fun children's library and they always have some art in their galleries. The architecture is quite beautiful too - something you don't often see in Phoenix.
5	I love the architecture and the art!
