5	Mike is my go to photographer for real estate.  I use him on all the homes I own (sell or lease) and his HDR photography significantly increases the number of calls and tours on my listings.  I refer him to all my clients - his photography literally makes life easier and is probably a better return on investment than any other thing one could do to their home to sell or lease it.
5	Mike is an excellent photographer. My real estate listings have never looked better, more professional and even my sellers say the home has never looked so good. He is very professional, honest and on time. He makes it seamless and easy to do business with. A pleasure to work with and a great value.
5	Our Team has been using Mike Small Photography for all of our real estate listings since last fall and have been very pleased with the timely service and high quality of products that Mike has delivered.  I recently listed a home that had previously been on the market for 8 months.  I sat down with the owner and looked at the pictures that Mike took next to the previous photographer; no comparison!  Thanks Mike!
5	Mike Small is a pefectionist, amazing photographer and provides un equaled service!  Simply put, his pictures sell homes!  Put down the I-phone and hire the best! You'll be glad you did.
5	Mike's picture brings in more traffic! One of houses we were selling already got contract and in pending while still got calls to say they wanted to see the house anyway :) Another house got offer from CO buyers haven't seen the house yet! A beautiful picture speaks better than thousands of words, don't you agree?
5	Mike is a remarkably talented photographer - his pictures are amazing!  He is by far the best photographer and we highly recommend him.
5	Mike is a super nice guy AND took great pictures of my home. He listened to what I wanted to emphasize in the photos and the photos of my home turned out awesome. The first impression when selling a home is usually the photos on the MLS listing on the internet. Mike's photos will make sure that first impression is great!  I would not hesitate to use his services.
