4	Convenient location (closest intersection: Jones and Spring Mountain). 1 ATM in the front, possibly 2 in the drive thru area in the back (never used before).The one time I had to go in to deposit a check and pull out extra cash for rent, the line was not too long and moved quickly (think it was a Wednesday around noon) . Staff was pleasant to interact with, just the way they were trained to do by corporate or the branch manager.Plenty of parking spaces whenever I am here.  So I would say this is a good branch for customers that mainly utilizes ATM to conduct their WF transactions, with the occasional in-branch visit.Getting out of the parking lot to head North on Jones can be a pain, if you are there during peak traffic hours.  In which case try to use the center turning lane, and Frogger your way over as needed. Just be careful of north-bound vehicles that want to turn left onto Spring Mountain Rd.  Don't want no real life Game Over head on collision or hassles with insurance companies and Five-Os.4 stars.Be safe!  Peace in the South China Sea.
3	I needed to stop at an ATM last night and this location was on my way.  There's not a whole lot I can say about the experience except it was quick.  There was  no one there and I drove right up to the machine and was on my way quickly.The only thing that threw me was the fact that their ATM is opposite almost every other Wells Fargo.  Instead of being on the outside lane, the ATM is the one against the wall as you drive in.  Strange.
1	45 mins on a wait for a banker? All bankers are with customers talking about their life stories. One was on the phone acting like she was working until it was her lunch time and got up and dipped. Longest wait ever.
1	This review is long overdue, but just can't forget the bad experience I had here!I had $200 in cash. What I wanted was $100 to go toward my credit card and to exchange the other $100 bill for $20s. Sounds simple enough, right? Apparently not! The teller (wish I remembered her name) took the first $100 bill, processed the payment and printed out the receipt. Then, another employee comes up to her and asks if she saw a cashier's check "lying around somewhere." She looks around her area and tells him no. Then she takes my other $100 bill, puts it in her drawer and asks "is there anything else I can help you with?"Me: "Ummm, I'm waiting for my $20 bills for the other $100 bill I gave you...."Her: "Didn't you only give me a $100?"Me: "No, I gave you two $100 bills."Her: "Did you really?"So she calls her manager over and tells her what happened. Then she said "I got distracted because ______ interrupted me and asked me a question." The manager tells her to count her drawer. Just great. So I have to stand there waiting for another 10 minutes because she didn't do her job. BS I tell you! When she was done, she laughed and said "Oh, you were right." Duh!! Seriously, WTF?!?! If you can't multi-task and/or pay attention to what you customers are giving you, maybe you SHOULD NOT be a teller?!?!I did complain to Wells Fargo over the phone about the incident, but who knows if that even did anything. Ugh....never again!
4	I love this location it's close to my house the people are friendly and I'm always in and out with no problems at all and it's near a couple of my favorite restaurants.
