4	I was lucky enough to try these little puffs (Mr. Puffs) for free at the Yelp Aide 2013 event but let me tell you money would've been of no concern (and I'm a grad student so that means a lot coming from me).As I described them at the event they are "like if Tim Bits were bigger, not mass produced, made with love, and then handed to you on a sugar platter of happiness.  Amazing" and I mean every word of it.They were so good I may have (I repeat may have, I admit to nothing) sent each of the two friends I came with to ask if we could have "just one more" because they were just so dang delicious.  Plus, even more than deliciousness, this company came out for a non-profit event and allowed us hungry patrons to consume their goods for free...there's nothing I love more than a delicious sugary baked good when made by a philanthropic heart.  Just sayin'.
4	Explained to be secret family recipe, Mr Puff's dough puffs are eggfree, dairy-free and contain no preservatives, additives and are vegan friendly. Hold up, I know what you're thinking, "Jason, you're slipping, diary free and vegan friendly? Are you joining the dark side?" No, hear me out, These puffs are everything that is good with the world; fried golden nuggets of puffy and chewy dough bathed in a honey syrup then topped with your choice of six different glazes - honey, sugar-rolled, creamy caramel, maple syrup, honey glazed or... Sweet baby Jesus... NUTELLA.
4	Here's what you do. Order a box of Creamy Caramel Puffs, Leave it in the car. Roll up the windows. Go harass the pigeons for 1/2 hour. Come back. Get in. And just take in the sweet smell of fresh off the oil dairy-free pastries.
5	Mr. Puffs makes loukoumades to die for.  Our Greek friends love this place (and in fact, they were the ones who recommended it to us!) Everything is made to order, too, so the doughnuts are piping hot off the (gulp) deep fryer when they're smothered in cinnamon and honey. Not only that, but they are eggfree, so my egg-allergic son was able to eat them. And obviously, the nutella puffs were pretty dang amazing, too. Whenever I'm in the area, you can bet I'm going to be ordering a box of 30 ($10) and going to town.
