3	Seems like this Harris Teeter has been here forever.  I know it's frequented a lot by Matthews residents, but since new HTs have been opening up in the outskirts of town, it doesn't seem like this one is as busy as it used to be.  Probably a good thing... lines and headaches are the last thing you need when going to a grocery store.Yesterday, when I visited, I pretty much had no interaction with anyone since I didn't ask for help to look for items and I went through U-scan.  Nice and convenient, but a little scary at the same time.  I guess I'm just old skool...  It doesn't hurt to have a brief conversation with someone you don't know - you never know what you may learn.This store is very clean and pretty convenient.  It does seem a little on the dark side.  Maybe cause it's one of the older stores, but lack of lighting isn't really what you go to a grocery for - but you at least need to see what you are buying.
4	Harris Teeter is where it's at (at least for grocery shopping) as far as I am concerned.  Supermarket options on this side of Matthews are the Teeter, Food Lion, and Walmart.  Food Lion's produce section is basically non-existent and their store brand is iffy. Walmart is... well, Walmart.  Therefore, it is to be avoided if at all possible.So that leaves Harris Teeter.  It has a reputation for being costly, and some items are, but their sales are amazing (today I got $120 worth of groceries for $60) and their store brands are inexpensive and quite good, so I don't feel as compelled to get brand name items as I do at other places.  And although I am generally broke, I am willing to pay a little more for clean floors, orderly shelves, and employees who actually make an effort to be helpful.  Then there's the fact that it's a local company, not a faceless corporation (like Walmart) or owned by a Belgian entity (like Food Lion).This particular store is one of the nice, big ones, open 24/7.  It has an expansive, diverse produce section and a full service meat/fish counter.  The stock is diverse with many organic and ethnic options.  I'm an enthusiastic home cook, and I have never been unable to find an uncommon or obscure ingredient here.  My only reservations are that sometimes the really good sales run out (although you can get a rain check), and the parking lot is relatively narrow, and therefore can lead to some close calls when encountering elderly or distracted drivers.
4	I was visiting family when I went into this location and was pretty impressed. They have a large selection and a decent sized market section with prepared foods. The store was very clean and was easy to navigate. The self checkout was a bit of a pain and we couldn't get help but other than that, it's a great supermarket.
4	I hate grocery shopping.  There are few tortures more painful.  The Harris Teeter in Matthews, though, makes the experience bearable for me.  I can find nearly everything I could hope to need, it doesn't break the bank, and the staff are friendlier than many other retailers in Charlotte.  This location is open 24 hours per day too, which is perfect for a non-shopper like me who would like to avoid the crowds.The selection of products is stellar - incredibly fresh produce and a selection that rivals the farmer's market, fresh meats, a full-service deli, bakery, sushi bar, sandwiches, and salads.  You can also find a great assortment of international items and locally grown/made products.  Despite what many people feel about Harris Teeter, the prices are not astronomical either.  They are great about putting lots of items on sale, and give deep discounts to their e-mail club members (free to join!).  For the couponer, they offer double manufacturer coupons and frequently put items on "buy 2, get 3 free" sales.  Seniors get an extra discount on Thursdays, too.  In my own personal comparison shopping, I've actually found some things at Harris Teeter with a lower regular retail price than the more value-minded competitors.But, like any good experience, it's the people that make it worth returning.  The cashiers are speedy and very attentive to wait times in line and management are a known presence at the registers and on the floor. The department staff are incredibly friendly and helpful (especially those in the bakery, produce, and floral departments).  They make sure you have everything you need and, for a regular like me, make an effort to get to know you. Ya know, thinking about it all like this, I might learn to like grocery shopping.  Maybe.
4	Clean store. Very crowded. Prices are higher than I pay at food lion. Selection is very good if you want the more trendy groceries or maybe higher quality products. It is again a case of get what you pay for with most products.
1	From the north and looking for a good grocery store?  Stop wasting your time.  There is a grocery store where I grew up in NY called Wegmans and it is continuously voted #1 in the country every year, and not by a hair, it's a long shot.  So, I am not holding Harris Teeter to the same standard, but HT is terrible by any standard.  I don't know if it's the lack of food diversity in the south or HT's fault, but I have a difficult time finding many ingredients I need for cooking at home.  The prices here are higher than those of Wegmans in NY...that's right, higher than the #1 food store in the country in one of the most expensive states in the country.  The prepared foods section at HT is awful.  There are no decent hot meals; terrible taste and variety.  The bakery is no good either.  I have bought 4 different pies and returned them all.  Visit a NY bakery and learn what good is.  Deli?  Forget about it!  The standard is far below what it should be here.  I think the corporate QC people of this company need to visit some other high rated grocers around the country to learn where they're lacking.  Food Lion and Bi Lo are crap and pretend to be nothing better.  The annoying part about HT is that they charge out the roof and anyone who has never left Charlotte thinks this is the greatest place on earth.  And one last thing, what the heck is with the check outs?  They're backwards!  You hand your cart to the checkout person, they slowly unload it, the bag dispenser is on the rotating track the groceries are supposed to be on, while you're waiting to pay there is a checkout person 2 feet behind you unloading a cart and bumping into you, and you're left feeling like you just fell into an episode of the twilight zone.  The only thing I dislike about Charlotte (besides terrible drivers) is the lack of quality food and grocers.  I wish a better grocer would merge or buy HT.  Better yet, I wish a better grocer would move to Charlotte and kill HT in market share.  If you follow commercial real estate, you'll notice that HT buys prime locations where competitors make locate, and sits on them.  This is their tactic.  Don't compete in the market on quality, put up barriers to entry.  Scum bags.
4	If you're used to shopping in NYC then I suggest you go back and quit complaining!! Harris Teeter is the best for what we have going on in NC. If you want fancy then go to Whole Foods or Fresh Market.  End of story.
4	This is the best Harris Teeter that I've been to so far when it comes to size and selection and quality of produce. The one closest to my home is really piddly. I just want some fresh cilantro that isn't half-rotted! This HT has a way bigger floral, deli, and bakery than I've seen. I am from Seattle, so I am such a granola yuppie. I want my vegetarian foods and I want organic this and that with no high fructose corn syrup. And, yeah, sometimes I want the weird international foods you're not sure what to do with, much less pronounce. This place seems to have most of what I want. If I want super fancy, I'd expect to have to go to a super fancy place. Whole Foods isn't that far away.What I really like is a lot of the produce is local. Today there was even a section where the boxes were labeled with what farm they came from and how far away from Matthews it was. That is very cool! That definitely entices me to shop here more often.One thing I'd like to see is maybe up the ante on the customer service. It was pretty much nonexistent. I kind of expect to be greeted or at least smiled at by the people working here. What I got instead were people who looked away from me very quickly and avoided eye contact. I watched other people go through it, too. It's a pity because it took me a while to find something I needed. I would ask a clerk, but EVERYONE AVOIDED THE CUSTOMERS. What happened to that famous southern hospitality? Or, you know, customer service? Luckily, the cashier was friendly. I think I even got a reciprocated smile! Wow!
