5	This place has the best wings in town, hands down. Not sure where they get them but they are tender and very tasty! Place has been renovated not too long ago and is a full service italian/seafood restaurant in addition to a pizza and wings place. They also serve Moose Drool Beer (Missoula, MT). Outstanding food and service, including take out...
3	We ordered some take out pizza and wing's of course. I do not eat wings but I asked specifically how GOOD they were so this was just the popular consensus from "the guys" that the wings were very good and hot but NOT better than Kelly's Grille wing's they still boasted that theirs are still KING so check my review for Kelly's if you want wing's. The pizza: mine was just cheese a little over cooked and not crispy. Eh! Maybe if it served there its better?? Any who, I plan on going back  minus the pizza and wing crowd for some dinner. They did get New Times Reader's Choice Best Neighborhood Italian in 06. If that even means anything here, anyway I will update soon.
3	Fairly decent place. Been here a couple of times. I'd actually ordered a meal a few days ago and logged into Yelp on my phone to read the reviews - pity I didn't read about the wings sooner! Anyway, I got the D'Angelo pasta - fettucine with mushrooms and a rather nice cream sauce. Other time I was here I got their italian special sandwich. Not too bad - nothing ultra-spectacular (I still prefer Mr Goodcents for sub sandwiches and my own home-made pasta to anywhere else's) but a decent lunch destination. Pasta was $12, add a soda and walked out of there $18 poorer. Bit steep for lunch. Sandwiches of course are a bit less expensive. At lunchtime the place was actually quite full - the seating technician advised that there was a tiny table up the back but I was there with one of the other dudes from work and didn't really feel like getting that close up with him, so we sat at the bar.Service was great, food came out quick, was fairly tasty, sodas refilled quick (we were at the bar, duh). I'd get take-away next time - it's just expensive enough for me to prefer not to have to pay the extra $ for a tip. Not with gas prices the way they are.I'll probably go back maybe once every two weeks or so. It's just a-ight far as I'm concerned. I may upgrade my rating after my next visit if the wings turn out to be as good as Luke S. says they are. Doubtful they'll top the wings at Uncle Sam's, though. Their sub sandwich sure didn't top Sam's all-American grinder which is my current favourite hot sub.
5	Hidden gem in the valley. This place doesnt look it but it has the best chicken parm in phx. I dont care where in the valley you live get in your car and drive there, yes now! You will not be disappointed, well at least I wasnt. Again the CHICKEN PARM that is all you should be ordering, well that and the fried mozzarella.
4	I love finding amazing food in the pockets of the Valley where you wouldn't expect it to be there.  From the outside, this restaurant is easy to miss.  If you're a foodie looking for a decent place that can accomodate/ tolerate children, this is the place.  Their pasta giovanni is to die for...penne in a mushroom cream sauce with chopped chicken breast and italian sausage.  I've been here 4 times and the food is consistently awesome.  If you are a seafood fan, the cioppino and seafood salad (loaded with shrimp and calmari) are both excellent choices.  The best part of this place is that they can accomodate a customer craving pizza and wings with a beer at the same time they can accomodate a customer wanting oso bucco with a nice glass of wine.   In my personal opinion, Times Square is the most affordably delicious Italian restaurant in the entire Valley.
5	The other reviewers aren't lying: this place is truly an easily overlooked gem in the Phoenix area.  It's certainly not much to look at on the outside, but as soon as you walk in, you can smell how good the food is going to be.  Truth be told, the head chef caught me sniffing the air when I arrived, and laughed a little when he saw the big grin split my face.The menu is expansive.  There are pizza, sandwiches, calzones, seafood, and various pasta dishes.  I had the pasta Giovanni, a combination of sausage, chicken, and mushrooms with a tomato cream sauce.  Full and flavorful, as well as perfectly presented, I had a hard time not just devouring the whole thing.  My friend had the linguine special with sun-dried tomatoes and spinach with olive oil.  It was a far more subtle dish, but no less wonderfully composed.  The dish was not overly oiled and spinach tasted delightfully fresh, always a plus with spinach (the frozen stuff sucks).As we started to slow a little, the chef came over with a plate of bread pudding for us to try.  Now, I'm not a desert person normally, but this was wonderful.  Far more savory that just sweet, light and fluffy.  A perfect final bite to end a wonderful meal.It even turned out our server was one of the owners, and she told us a little bit about the place.  Throughout, she was very attentive to us and in no way overbearing.  Overall, this is a fantastic dining experience all around.  One of my best so far in Phoenix.
3	I reserve the right to upgrade at anytime...2 slices of burnt cheese pizza with "the special, works, combo whatever it is called" toppnig and reheated and a glass of water. SEVEN BUCKS......for real?I will go back to try a real pizza or pasta because I know it has got to be better then this.
4	Went there for breakfast with some friends and met with one of there buds who turned 21 and knew the place served alcohol no matter when....we were going for breakfast by the way. Anyways for a Italian joint the breakfast was pretty good. I had steak and eggs...didn't look like the picture but never the less. I didn't put ketchup on my hash browns, or sauce on my steak. The food was fresh and not greasy at all! It was cheap and just by the vibe in there i would go back for dinner anytime. Looking at the place from the outside you would never guess its a place to go. But go and take your family, and eat, drink, and love life.
3	Right outside the Castle Boutique parking lot - so you can see what people look like who go there!  Well, the windows face south so not to easily... but anyway, the pastas were quite good and served piping hot.  They have a very small bar with a couple decent taps.  Prices are reasonable, but this place can be busy during the lunch rush.  There seem to be a lot of biker dudes here because of that motorcycle "school" down the street.
3	Decent but not even close to 5 stars.They do well with their sandwiches (chicken parm sammich was pretty darned good) and okay with the pasta dishes, although their price exceeds their quality.DO NOT bother with the pizza -- at least not the slices at lunch time.  They're precooked and reheated poorly, creating a crust that is hard and that you *wish* was flavorless, and congealing the cheese grease up quite nastily.I will credit that even during busy lunch time, they've been able to accomodate a dozen or so people in a single party fairly efficiently.  On one occaision they put up quite a fight on the splitting of checks, but had no choice when most people had to pay by card; but on another occaision they split checks with nary a gripe.
5	This place is excellent.  Pricey, yes, but the food is excelelnt and that IS the first reason we eat at a restaurant, right?  Nothing special on the outside and the inside is a touch on the spartan side, too.  No white table cloths here.  Booths.  A basic eatery decor. Alaskan Brewing on tap - not sure where else in the Valley you can find that!I usually get the pasta special and have NEVER been disappointed, even when it is something I might not ordinarily order.  Last week it was spinach gnocci in bacon cream sauce.  Amazing!  Wings are pretty good as well.Old time waitressing with fun chatting and joking if you wish.  A friendly place that appreciates your business.Don't arrive too late for lunch or you will be hunting for a parking spot in the gravel lot out back.
4	Consistent is good when it comes to a neighborhood restaurant. And that is what you can expect when you go to Times Square. You'll see the same servers and kitchen staff and they are always friendly. One of my new favorite pizzas is their vegetarian pizza. It is FULL of artichoke hearts, tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, and peppers. Absolutely delicious. Must admit, I am not a fan of their lasagna. They add a dash of a sweet spice to the sauce or meat, I think its nutmeg, and it just doesn't work for me. If you want breakfast, you must go there! I love the breakfast combos...my fave is the 2-eggs, potatoes, bacon and sausage. I think it is the #6. Always yummy and hearty. The home fried potatoes are my favorite. They cook them up with peppers and onions. They always have some great beers on draft at the bar, too. (Hubby goes early when he has to pick-up a pizza so he can try one. I think Moose Drool is one of his fave's.)If you are in the Deer Valley area, stop by and give them a try. It could be your new neighborhood hangout!
5	I love this place...I'm from New England where there are lots of family owned businesses where regulars know each other and this place reminds me of that.  And the pizza is delicious!  The sliced sausage is a great topping.  I've also had a cold turkey sub and that was great too.  I went there for breakfast once which I wasn't so jazzed about except that they serve mimosa's!  But overall, Times Square is one of my favorite pizza places in the valley and pizza is my favorite food.
2	I'm not a big fan of pasta, but I can't say this would be a place I would pick it I were.  Food is alright, I wouldn't be running and knocking anybody over for it.  I've had pizzas, sandwiches, and pastas here, but it just doesn't seem to come with a bang.  The decor is obviously, old luncheon New York style, but nothing too fancy for sure - bada bing!  Service is a rush here; I understand the place gets pretty packed, but can you slow down a tad bit and listen.  Oh yeah, the place can get pretty loud too!  Overall - the rating "I've definitely experienced better!"
5	My wife and I had our "second" first date here, so I admit I'm kind of biased. But this is the type of place I love, smaller, mom and pop type of place. Very friendly people. Never had a bad meal there, always have a special and very open to substitutions or special orders.Full bar, take out, and breakfast!
4	This place is great!   I've eaten here twice now and both times the food has been wonderful.  I've driven by this place for years and it always looked closed to me.   The windows are very dark.   My husband's barber told him his customers (the barber's) drive all the way from Scottsdale to eat here.    We decided to try it out after hearing this and reading good reviews about it on Yelp.   The first time we went for dinner.  I had the Osso Bucco and my husband had Seafood Paella.   Both were great.  I've had  Osso Bucco in high end restaurants that couldn't compare to this.   The second time we ate here for lunch.   Husband had the Philly Cheesesteak with Peppers, Onions, and Mushrooms.  I had the spaghetti and meatballs.   I had some of his sandwich and we both agreed it was the best Cheesteak we've ever had.  The sandwiches are loaded with fillings and are not salty.   Spaghetti and Meatballs were good but I like Babbo's and Humble Pie's better.    I would have given it five stars but the atmosphere is not the best.   Our first waiter even told us they do have the reputation for being a hole in the wall.   The service is very casual with no sense of urgency.  On our second visit for lunch our waitress told us she had been there over five years and they have quite a few regulars.    Both times we have visited the restaurant was almost full.    Try this place out even though it is a "hole in the wall."
5	Time square is very small mom and pop type of restaurant! There is not a ton of seating inside but the food here is excellent! There always seems to be a wait at dinner time! They make a ton of unique dishes! If you like pasta, pasta seafood, and pizza this is your place! The pizza has excellent sauce and crust! Spaghetti and meat balls are delicious! Manicotti was scrumptious! Sandwiches are large and filling! I haven't found anything here I don't like here! They also carry a few unique beers that other restaurants don't carry!
4	This is a a great little Italian place that I almost don't want anyone else to know about!  It has a very "family" feel to it, and the employees go out of their way to make you feel welcome.I've only been there during dinner so I can't speak for breakfast but if it wasn't so far from my house, I'd be back in a heartbeat to check out breakfast.  The food was exceptional but the bread pudding is to DIE FOR.  You MUST try it while you are there.  It's the best.  They're also great about special orders so even if you're going no carb stop by, you won't be disappointed!  And check out the artwork on the walls too....hand drawn by a regular there.....maybe your picture will go up next!
4	This place sure has changed a lot over the years - and for the most part, for the better.  They've updated their look since I was last here about 2 years ago with new furniture, paint job, decorations - looks more like a family Italian dinner place than the local, grimy-but-charming Italian lunch place I frequented.The menu has been changed, and gone are the handful of lunch specials that could be had for $6-10 (this is what I miss), replaced by a single lunch special and a menu where most items are $10-15.  The food had always been good, and that has been maintained.I still recommend their calzone - at $6.95 and $0.75 a topping, it's a reasonably priced lunch item that WILL fill you up (or provide an afternoon snack).  Italian sausage and basil pesto were delicious!  My friend was very pleased with the shrimp pasta (which he really should have made two meals of, but was wallowing in pleasant agony after finishing).They still have a bar, and plenty of tv's, and think it likely still a good place to grab an after work libation and catch a game - but only if your part is small - it's not the largest place.I'll be back for more calzone combinations!
3	We went to Time Square Pizzeria on a Saturday night. While it was later than normal for a busy dinner crowd (about 8:00pm) we got seated right away. The place was packed with couples, families and just a ton of people. Due to it's size (pretty small) and the amount of people dining it was quite loud but that was fine. We had the Clams in Linguini with a white wine sauce and the Lasagna. The orders came out also with garlic bread. The Clams and Linguini was very tasty but I was hoping for some more clams on the dish as it didn't seem like a lot for the price ($14.95) but the lasagna was huge ($10.95) and very good. It had a ton of cheese (which is what I like) and came out piping hot. While sitting waiting for our dinner I did view all the different dishes, pizza's and desserts that when by and I think I spotted what I might try the next time I visit. Overall, everything was very good and I will be back to try a few other pasta dishes for sure.
5	My boyfriend took me here yesterday for lunch. Oh. My. God.Two words: Pasta Giovani.This dish was soooo freakin good. Pasta with chicken and sausage and mushrooms in this sauce that must be made from crack, because I could not stop eating it. It was absolutely delicious.We shared the fried mozzarella appetizer. I expected a small square to be presented to us. Way off. For $5.95, we got a huge triangular serving of fried mozzarella with homemade sauce on top and parmesan cheese. It seriously was as big as a slice of pizza. And we loved it. We also ordered the Mediterranean Salad, which was pretty good. Personally, I wanted to share the shrimp and calamari salad, but the boyfriend disagreed. I look forward to getting it at our next trip to Times Square. Which will hopefully be soon. It quickly became a favorite after one bite. No lie.
1	Good food but charges on check were more than on menu, had to go to register to pay bill and while away from my table the busboy stuck a napkin and silverware in the FULL beer I'd left on the table (intending to come back to the table to finish it). Teenage cashier refused to comp me for the $2.25 beer.......I live nearby, have been a long time customer, but won't be back.
5	Local, unpretentious, clean, friendly, reasonable prices.. Always fast, friendly efficient service, The Pasta here makes you wonder how Olive Garden stays in business..(The Crack infused into the bread sticks..) Great Seafood dishes for under 15 bucks.. And the best 6.99 crab cake on the planet..BTW Jan E. Aint lying.. Pasta Giovanni... Go Get sum of Dhat.. When Chicken and Pigs have intercoarse.. this is what happens..
4	We affectionately call it the "Truck Stop" but you'll call it terrific! Just off I-17 at Deer Valley, it looks like it's in an old Circle K location. While they've done a very nice job the last couple of years to spruce it up, it's still lacks curb appeal. The food is wonderful! Some of the best sandwiches, pizza, and pasta in the NW Valley. While I usually go there for lunch, I took my wife there for a date night and she was very impressed with her meal. The service is always friendly and the prices are reasonable for the quality and quantity of food. I've heard the breakfasts are terrific but haven't made it there yet for that meal.
5	Tiny little gem of a place. I hesitate to give it five stars given how few menu items I've actually had, but the ones I have had are bloody good. The pasta giovanni is absolutely freaking outstanding. Despite the large portion, every time I feel compelled to keep shoveling it down until the plate is clean. The fried mozzarella appetizer is good too. I was expecting those stupid sticks that come as appetizers everywhere else. Instead, it was a nice, large piece of cheese that looked like it was covered with the batter from fish n' chips. I've yet to have the pizza, although walking by tables with it, it does look promising. Once I go an convince myself not to have the giovanni, I'll give it a shot.
5	This is my favorite restaurant and I am a major foodie!! I always get the Pescatora w/ Jumbo Shrimp, Clams,Mussels and Calamari, served over Linguini   $18.95 and it is HUGE!  But I get it with the Lemon Wine sauce. I love the Seafood salad too!Desserts are fantastic, including the Bread Pudding and Creme Brule. Breakfast is really good too! Staff  remember us, including chef!. My mom and hubby LOVE their Pizza more than any other pizza they have ever had. Something about the cheese...
5	I still love this place!  I go often for drinks and pizza.  Sometimes we sit down, but I usually pick up and have a glass of wine while I'm waiting.  I go there once or twice a week.  I still love their pizza the best but I have tried a few other dishes since my last review.  I have had their salads and I recommend, especially the Mediterranean.  Their chicken parm sub is delicious.  I've had the penne vodka with chicken and that was good too.  Not my favorite there but still good.  My husband had the chicken parm entree and he loved it.  It was huge, he had another meal of leftovers.    I still need to try the Pasta Giovanni, but I love their pizza so much I can't resist!  I'm going there tonight!
4	Great mid priced, local Mom & Pop italian diner.  I had the $1 slice and $1 off beer on happy hour and it was great.  Affordable for families but loaded with good selections.I loof forward to returning and trying the pastas - Bob J.'s review of the Gnocchi with spinach and bacon really caught my eye.  Didn't see it on the menu though.
5	Times Square is both a warm family atmosphere and an excellent restaurant.  The people make the difference here.  When you enter you are welcomed like a family friend.  The main entrees are all extremely tasty.  They range from Ossobuco to Sausage and Peppers.  The seafood dishes are a hit as well.  I agree with Tom W. that the Pasta Giovanni is out of this world.  There are too many incredible dishes to review them all.  Times Square is a diamond in the rough.
2	While the food is good, the service leaves a lot to be desired.  Do not go for breakfast!  We have been going here every Saturday for a year.  My wife likes her coffee a certain way and this morning she took a cup in with her.  The waitress told her that she could not have an outside drink and she would have to take it out.  We told her that we would rather eat somewhere else.  We will not be back!   Spend $200 a month there and that is the service you get.
4	Just moved to this neighborhood and Times Square Pizzeria is my favorite restaurant in the area so far.  My girlfriend and I went there the other night for dinner and we split a margherita pizza and the Pasta Giovanni (ordered it with angel hair instead of the penne).  We were very impressed with both dishes!  Two night later, I find myself getting some Pasta Giovanni as a to go order.We also went here for breakfast about a month ago for our first visit.  Great breakfasts at a great price!  Based on the amazing aroma of this place when walking in you can tell it is going to be good food.  I highly recommend Times Square Neighborhood Italian Restaurant.  I'm sure to be back again and again.
5	I can not tell you how many times I drove by this place thinking that a converted 7-11/Circle K could not be very good. The food is absolutely top notch. Now that I am addicted to the place I have tried almost all the sandwiches (try the Phili) pastas, soups, salads and pizza.. Same friendly staff who recognize you, always getting you a fresh coke or ice tea.. they have bar as well and serve interesting beers on tap. You will not be disappointed with this place.
5	I was recently discussing with a friend about an Italian restaurant in my neighborhood when she asked if I had ever been to Times Square. I had never heard of this place but decided to give it a try. So it is late afternoon on Saturday and the hubby & I and another couple went to eat a late lunch /early dinner at Times Square. My friend had told me that everything was good. They are located on the NEC of 26th Ave & Deer Valley Road. If you are not careful you will pass right by the place. The businesses on either side are vacant and the restaurant doesn't have a huge sign to identify them. We ordered the Pollo Marconi, Chicken Caesar Salad and a sub that was kind of a best of everything. Every one of us was oohing and awing over the meals. My Pollo Marconi would have been plenty to split between two people. It came with a side of pasta that was delicious and with garlic bread. We ordered three different deserts and passed them around. The bread pudding, which was the servers recommendation, was divine. It had a Jack Daniels sauce that was YUMMY! The tiramusui was heavenly and the canolli was the authentic real deal.. The servers were prompt and kept the glasses filled. It had a great family feel. The owner of the restaurant even turned the television from a sports game to the cartoon channel so a family with 5 little kids would be occupied until their food arrived. There is a bar area for the adults. While I was there there were 4 meals of mussels served to other tables so that looked like a popular item. This is my new favorite restaurant and I highly recommend everyone stop by for a taste. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. I can't wait to return and try the breakfast menu.  Prices ranged from $7.00 - $15.00
4	Love this hole in the wall. All their food is awesome.
1	Have given this place NUMEROUS chances cause they are around the corner from me. I want to love them but their food is BLAND (and that's being nice) got chicken wings that taste like rubber (how do you screw up wings?) calamari was bland, no flavor at all. So for me... overpriced bad bar food.
5	If you want excellent Italian food in Phoenix, look no further than Times Square. I have been going here for years, and I LOVE this place. Growing up in New Jersey, I've eaten Pizza at many pizzerias, some being better than others. When I moved to Phoenix, I noticed that nobody really makes good pizza out here, until I found Times Square. This is the most authentic New York Style pizza. The fettuccine alfredo is also delicious.The ambiance to this restaurant is has a casual/classy feel to it. I usually wear jeans and a polo shirt when I dine here. The restaurant is somewhat small and not fancy, but it has a classy/casual feel to it.The bar is great and has ample seating. I love that this place always has beers other than the normal American lagers. Last time I was there they had Long Hammer IPA, Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, Peroni, and a couple other beers on tap. Overall, this is an amazing restaurant and there is nothing bad here.
4	My family and I have visited this place numerous times. Every time was always a satisfying and fulfilling experience. Highly recommend this place as the food is excellent, good service and well-priced.
4	Skip the slice and get the meals. Last time we came here is was great. The meals were good, the staff was on top of it and the price was right on par.The place was packed and the servers handled it like pros.
4	I came to this restaurant after it was recommended to me from a big auto mechanic with a large belly.  Since I'm not from the area but I was pretty hungry I figured it was safe to trust someone who eats a lot.  From the outside it looks like a used car lot but once you get in and try the food you'll realize none of that matters.  My dad and I ordered a house salad to start- which was pretty good nice variety of greens and veggies.  For my entree I ordered the scampi a limone.  The white wine based sauce was was really well- balanced.  I thought it was delicious.  My dad had the chicken parm and  that was good also (I had a few bites).  For dessert we had the cheescake and the creme brulee.  I have to say I don't even like creme brulee but his was really tastey!  Even though we went on a busy Friday night our servers and bussers took really good care of us.  We were always looked after.  I would definitely go back.
4	The service here? Some of the worst i have ever had. The food? Heaven. In a sea of terrible chain italian restautants, this dive is a gem. The pasta giovanni is dreamy!
4	A gem close to home! Love the friendly service & everything I've had is good. I can't wait to try the lasagna, no wait, the manicotti... ;-)
5	Time Square is a surprising hidden gem in North Phoenix.  I love that they always seem to be improving either the exterior or interior.  Right down the road from the Motorcycle Mechanics School, there are frequently some cool bikes out front.  Great pizza and Italian food, they ALSO have a wonderful breakfast and if you get here before 9:00 am you can get $3.99 special....I LOVE the homefries.
4	I have eaten here three times now and I'm willing to give it four stars.  It's good food, priced reasonably, with healthy options (Mi piace l'insalata di mare!) and low-cost sandwiches.  It is a good option for lunch or dinner.  Don't get me wrong.  It's not outrageously refined, exquisite food.  It's somewhat Americanized Italian, but the place still has some style and some more adventurous menu items.   For a sit-down place, they do a good job of getting you in an out at lunch time as well.  It's nice to have a sit-down, non-chain ethnic lunch place in this area.  I have ordered or tasted:- liguine with sausage and olive oil/garlic sauce - insalata di mare - Liguine with sausage and peppers- PuttnescaI would give them all a B+.I have not had the pizza, so I can't comment.Soda is $2.25.  Just a heads up.
4	Heard it was great......and it was. Both my friend and i got pasta dishes but I've heard their pizzas and breakfast are awesome as well. The place was packed but the servers kept on top of things. Best restaurant of I've tried in the north west valley so far.  Great place for a casual business lunch.
3	Was contemplating going to this restuarant for over 1 year. Finally went during lunch with my son and not super impressed with the pizza. My 3yr old wasn't either; but my husband ended up meeting us there and he got a pasta dish that he liked a lot. I would go again but not for pizza they have breakfast so would for sure try that! I will update if I get to go again.
5	This place is super yummy. It kinda looks like a dive from the front, but it is really good. Their breakfast is so dang good... if you are going for dinner, I would recommend the Linguine Princepessa. It is fabuloso! Their bread is amazing, but the service... its either hit or miss. Seems to be a fave place for the locals!
5	Simply put. this place is a diamond in the rough,
4	Finally tried this place after a couple friends recommended it to me. My husband and I went on a Friday night so it was busy; we got in just in time to take advantage of some happy hour specials. We each ordered a couple slices of pizza and then we shared a chicken caesar salad (plenty to share). Top it off with a couple of beers and we were out about $20. Even on a Friday night the service was very quick and our waitness was nice too. I did inquire about their wines availalbe since their menu only listed 3 of them... for an Italian restaurant I was expecting a better selection; they didn't even have a Zin on the menu (they had a white Zin, but to wino's like me that doesn't even come close to counting as a real wine). Ah well, I may have to be a to-go customer and take the food home to enjoy it with my own wine selection. If you are not a wino like me and you enjoy some wine basics like Robert Mondavi, the grocery store selection, then the selection might be fine for you. I will still go back despite the lack of wine selection becasue the food was good and at a decent price. I'd much rather give my business to a privately owned place like this vs. other big chains so it gets my thumbs up!
4	The Times Square Neighborhood Restaurant is a neighborhood jewel. Breakfast is tasty at a totally reasonable price. Dinner of pizza and wings were some of the best we have ever had. A great local restaurant with excellence service, great beers on tap, and authentic Italian food at such a reasonable price. Don't pass this place....it truly is a must try!
3	I've been going to this place on and off for the past four years for B-fast. Over all solid food, although we asked our server if our home fries could be chopped smaller and crispier and we we told the cook wouldn't do it! That sucked! We got boiled large slices of potatoes that were not cooked??? The prices are high for B-fast and you should have your food the way you want it. I would not judge the place on this one experience, and I have heard the dinner menu and pizza is good. All said and done try this place for dinner and save your money for the Denny's across the street.
5	OMG.  So good.  Seriously authentic italian food housed in what looks to be a former Circle K.  Sneaky! I'll echo the Pasta Giovanni praise, but the real star here is the pizza!  Easily the best pizza in North Phoenix.  The wait staff are complete pros - not an ounce of ennui or arrogance.  As a result, this place fills up quickly in the evenings. Go early or be prepared to wait in the akward entryway or at the bar.
4	Great food. Nice waitress
5	I have visited this place numerous times and have never had anything but GREAT FOOD.  It is located in a boaring building and would be easy to miss, but don't miss a great Italian meal here.  I have never tried the pizza but hear it is to die for.  The chicken and past dishes are creative and delish!
5	Great neighborhood pizzeria!  Friendy folks, good service but the food is what keeps us coming back.  The gnocchi is sooooo good, eggplant parmesean is excellent.  We have never had a bad meal here and have been going for about 2 years.  Try it you will like it!
5	OK, already!  After running across this restaurant several times in smartphone apps we decided to find Times Square and chow down on what was described as unbelievably good Italian food.  Reviewers have got it right, this place is fantastic.  Shea, our server was great and she knew the menu which is pretty extensive.  Before I begin, be warned that the place gets crowded quickly around dinner time so an early arrival is suggested.  Now for the food.  First, the anti pasta is wonderful.  It has all the ingredients an anti pasta is supposed to have.  Most Italian restaurants nowadays just put some iceberg lettuce, a sliced tomato and if you are lucky, a pepperoncini.  Times Square's dressing with the anti pasta was just right, not overpowering the decilicious vegetables and meats.  The meats, wrapped around cheese or olives, were delicious--you may read delicious once or twice in this review.The entrees are varied, substantial and, again--delicious with a capital D.  We both had pasta dishes and the sauces were thick and yummy.  Bread was served with the main dish, my only suggestion would have been for the bread to have been served with the anti pasta.  Could not eat all of the food so take-home boxes were gladly volunteered.  You will be slightly incredulous that this restaurant located where it is would be so great.  It will be great.  Times Square also serves breakfast, kind of unusual for an Italian eatery but no problem as far as I am concerned--keep serving incredible Italian meals and I am completely satisfied.  (I hear the breakfasts are great by the way.)All in all, we will be back and can't wait to do so.   Thank God there are great places like Times Square to move the chain Italian restaurants aside.
5	Outstanding food.  My husband & I order take-out from here all the time.  During the summers, can't beat their deli-style sandwiches - they are packed heavy with meat & cheese (cold deli sandwiches are great for hot Phoenix dinners) - they must weigh about 1 1/2 pounds each!!!  You've got to try their gnocchi - OMG!  To die for.  I usually order a child-portion - again, you can get this to go and serve it at home as a side dish to your home cooked food.  I've also had one of their seafood pasta dishes - superb.Owners are so friendly - plenty of seating is always available.  Cute bar in the front when you walk in.  I've been going here for years.  It's a must-try (especially their gnocci).  I know they serve more than just dinner, but their dinners are wonderful.
4	I love this place i used to live within walking distance during my Years at MMI and this place make me feel like Im back East with family. The Chicken Parmesan is a must
4	Loved the calamari and the service was wonderful. Very good family style dinner. You cannot go wrong.
5	I am not from the Phoenix area, but was in town this weekend for a baseball tournament. After the game, myself and my boyfriend (who was starving after all the games) turned to Yelp to look for a good place for dinner. We found Times Square right away and I cannot begin to explain how pleased I was! When we got there it was PACKED... Always a great sign for a smaller place. (:Coming from an Italian family, I am picky when it comes to eating out at Italian restaurants... However, the reviews were amazing and we decided we should give it a try! I was BLOWN AWAY by how authentic the food was. From the pasta, to the pizza, and salad, it was all delicious. We've agreed any time we are anywhere near the Phoenix area, we will be paying this cute little place a visit.
4	Short and to the point: The food is good. Littleneck clams as steamers for about $11 a dozen. Moose Drool on tap.
3	I found Time Square while on Yelp looking for a new place to eat.  The reviews were very good, so I decided to give it a try.  We went in around lunch time, so they were busy, but we didn't have to wait.   My husband ordered the special, eggs benedict and I a veggie omelet.  They kept the coffee coming which is always nice.  I didn't notice how long it was, but thought we should be getting our breakfast soon, only to have the waitress come back and tell my husband they were out of the benedict sauce.  They should have know this, especially with it being the special, so he ordered the eggs, bacon and french toast.  The food was very much like your typical diner food.  We thought it was good.  The waitress was good and apologized for the long wait.  She gave us our coffee for free.  We will give them another try, probably for dinner.  I will update after we do.
5	I love this place.  The best Pizza on the north end PERIOD!  They have a great meatball sandwich, and the seafood is so good and fresh.  My wife always orders the muscles in red sauce.  Even the breakfast menue is great.  I hate writting a review about this place because I fear more people will start going there, but it is to good to keep to myself. The location is a little off putting but once you walk through the doors, it is all family.  The service is always warm and friendly.
4	After following reviews from fellow yelpers, the wife and I finally tried this Restraunt. Due to the fact that my wife makes outstanding Italian food, I rarely find a good enough Restraunt to come close to her cooking. Until now!. This place has all the makings of a GREAT Italian Restraunt! I tried the chicken Marsala, and it was good! The wife had the eggplant, which she said was cooked perfectly. Both of our portions could have fed us twice! We both tried a slice of pizza, and agreed that it too is better than most out there! Only reason there is four stars is the service was a little slow, but in the servers defense, she was serving the bar as well as waiting 5 or 6 tables! Lots of people in the Restraunt means good food, and I don't mind waiting a bit for good food! Overall a great experience!
2	Only had pizza and wings. They were not busy at all.Wings looked and tasted like they had been cooked a long time before. Slimy. Ate two wings. Tossed the rest. I live minutes away and there is no way they went from fresh cooked to what I got in 10 minutes. No freaking way. Like they were sitting in the sauce all day. Skimpy on the sauce too.The pizza was NOT what I expected...just OK. The cheese was good, but that is the only thing about that was. Sauce, first off, should not have been on the pizza. It was a Margherita pizza. First place EVER that I had tomato sauce on a Margherita pizza. Their menu did not specify, so I assumed it was traditional. To top it off, it was VERY salty. The crust was not cooked all the way through and the toppings were scant. (Except the cheese). Minimal amount of fresh basil. so little that I could barely taste it.I'll try again and update the review if I have a better experience (Going to go when it is busy to increase the chances of "fresh")But at the price I paid, I expected FAR better that what I got!
4	1st time here. I hear it's really good! RtfOkay, here we go in a New York minute I'll sum this up...Times Square lived up to the word on the street.  Cheese Stuffed Tortellini is worth every calorie and the savory veggie pizza is a veggie lovers dream come true!During lunch rush seating took place within five minutes, then the food came out steaming hot and ready within twenty minutes.  The waitress and everyone else were friendly and quick with beverage refills.  I did notice with the small capacity room that if a lot a people are waiting, it can become an issue considering their limited waiting area section & bar.  I enjoyed the food and overall service, so YELP I recommend this place!
2	My boyfriend and I went here last night on a recommendation from his mom and we had a good experience except for a couple things that bugged me. We sat down and had our drink order immediately taken, which is a plus. Then my boyfriend ordered an app, the Steamers(New Zealand, white sauce) and he said they were delightful! For our entree, I ordered the Chef's salad and he ordered lasagna. His looked fabulous and he said it tasted amazing and just like home. I had ordered my salad without onions, tomatoes and peppers and it came out with everything on it and quite frankly, it really bugged me. I had to take everything off so by the time my boyfriend was halfway done I had just started to eat my salad. I work in the industry so I didn't complain but it just would've been nice to know if it came pre made cause then I would've gotten something else. We ordered cheesecake and tiramisu, he got his to go and I wanted to eat mine there, and as I was eating it smelt really heavily of cleaning products. We look over and someone was mopping the floors a few tables away from us. They close at 10 and we looked at the clock and it was 9:40 with 3 tables still sitting including ours and I ended up taking mine Togo cause the smell was horrid and I couldn't enjoy my dessert. Overall this restaurant had very good food and we really enjoyed going there, but I gave it two stars because of my food mishap and the early cleaning while guests were still there.
4	Great food,  very happy we went here.  My daughter had Rigatoni Alla Laura, wife had Sausage and Pepper Platter with Penne Pasta, my son the Cheese Ravioli and I had two slice of sausage pizza as well as the Mediterranean Salad.  Everything was superb! We all enjoyed this place and will be back
4	One of my favorite breakfast spots.  I come here on weekends with my boyfriend.  They offer a full menu of breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  For breakfast they always have specials which tends to be pork chops and eggs, Chorizo scramble, or Eggs Benedict.  I usually get the letter D combo, which is eggs, bacon or sausage, and french toast.  I get my eggs scrambled with their homemade salsa!  It's the perfect amount of food for only $4.95.  Awesome deal!  I've also had their Margherita pizza and Pasta Giovanni.  They are both scrumptious!  All their food looks good so I'll have to try some new dishes!
5	Best kept seceret in the valley. I have tried a majority of things on the menu and have not had anything bad yet. Delicious food! Great Beers.
5	We went to Times Square for the first time tonight thinking we would get a pizza, but the menu and the dinners we saw tempted us to get pasta.  We tried the meatballs as an appetizer - wonderful - tender and the sauce was good.  Side salad was good too.  I had the Pasta Giovanni and my husband had the spaghetti alla Paesana.  Both were delicious.  The wait staff were "on their game".  We did not have to wait for anything.  Our waiter, Nick, made good suggestions and was there when needed even though it was very busy.  All in all, a great dinner and we will be back to get that pizza!
4	One of my local hangouts! Pollo Piccata is fantastic. It gets pretty packed for dinner most of the time. Want a quick in and out...call a head for a Cheese Steak for lunch and pick it up on your way by. I also adore the Cannoli. The staff is friendly. Hang at the bar and grab a drink while you wait for your table. And if you like Insalata del Mar....it's awesome here.
4	The Wife and I eat here quite often. Usually dinner once a week, and breakfast on the weekends.I read one review that stated breakfast was "overpriced" - this made me laugh. It is overpriced, if you hold it the average price for breakfast in 1943. Breakfast here is cheaper than any of the large crappy places (Waffle House, Denny's, IHOP, etc.) The nearest place in town that has similar pricing is Alexi's  - and the quality of the breakfast at Times Square is 10 times better, for the same price. The wife and I can order our breakfast, and two drinks (Tea usually) and it is under 15 bucks with tip. That is cheap.They have several breakfast specials that are all under $5 each, and more than enough food. I usually get the one that has two eggs, bacon, and french toast (I it $4.xx) and my Wife gets two eggs, hashbrowns, toast (which is $3.xx.) She usually requests that the hashbrowns be well done, and they have always been happy to do so.Dinner wise we split the Tortellini D'Angelo. We order it minus the chicken (The wife is a vegetarian.) They have never complained about it, nor do they have any issue with us sharing a dish (it is large enough for two!)I have had the pizza, which is very good, and well priced. Their Fettuchini is also great according to one of my very picky friends.The service can be slow sometimes, and it does get packed on some days, but it is worth the wait. This is our favorite Italian place to eat in phoenix.
4	Been here a number of times and always blown away. The pastas, pizzas, and daily specials are always fantastic. The deep dish is especially good.  Great happy for beer and slices. Awesomebreakfast too. You've got to try the pork chops for breakfast. The location is not the best, but who cares...the food makes up for that ten fold.
5	I have been back two times in the last 2 months. The slices were large and tasted great. Not Like Before. I had a pasta dish (Chicken with red and white sauce combined) and while it was a tad boring it was executed as they said it would be, I guess I needed something with some kick that day. Still giving a 5 star review because they deserve it. Lunch service is quick and servers can be fun.
4	This place is nice for a quick bite at lunch, or a sit down dinner. The servers have always been friendly, the food is outstanding (I think I may be addicted to their garlic bread, just sayin...) Overall if you're in the North Valley and you want some Italian food, I'd recommend it. It's got it's own character, part restaurant, part bar, all good.  The portions are big, I usually wind up taking something to go because it's too much and decent prices :)
5	Great service all the time very friendly good food and prices.
5	Delicious. Simple ingredients,great flavor. Fresh and to the point. Priced right can't understand why anyone would ever go to Olive Garden or to Macaroni Grill when this is right down the street. Shrimp were good, jumbo scallops were fresh. Tiramisu and Cannolis were fresh delicious and obviously homemade. Service was good, we had a young male waiter very nice and really knew the menu. We eat out quite a bit, and are extremely picky. We will definitely be back.
4	Delicious!  Went here for dinner about a month ago with my husband and a good friend.  All of us enjoyed our meal immensely!  I had a delicious shrimp pasta with a creamy tomato sauce - loved that they split the shrimp in half - made it very easy to eat and ensured I had shrimp in every bite!  Perfect!  My husband had a chicken and sausage pasta dish - he especially loved the sausage and says he will order the sausage and peppers next time so he can have more sausage!  Our friend had chicken marsala - her go-to dish - and said it was really good.  We will definitely eat here again - can't wait to try more dishes!
4	This place was great. I probably drove past it a million times and would never have noticed it because of the area it's in, but my brother brought me here and I was pleasantly surprised. The building looks like it used to be a grease spoon diner, but they dolled up the inside to look like a cozy, little Italian place. The floor space isn't very large, so the spread of the tables is a bit close. Not to worry. the food definitely distracts from any sort of flaws Times Square may have. If I remember right (this review is a little late), I had complimentary garlic bread until my entree arrived. I ordered the Pollo Marconi, and it was amazing. Everything on the menu looked fantastic, but it was the eggplant on the Pollo Marconi that helped define my decision. I did not regret it. And neither will you! I totally recommend this place. Oh, and they have Moose Drool on tap. I haven't seen that on tap at any of the other places I've been, even in the Northwest. Two thumbs up for Moose Drool.
3	Haven't been to this place in a while and it used to be one of my favorites.  I noticed that their pizza started getting greasier, the cheese heavier, and the crust thinner.  I would always ask for it well done and it never was.  I even started asking for it extra well done and they still couldn't get it.  Not sure if they changed the cheese or dough  or if they got some new pizza guys in there, but I don't go there anymore because of the inconsistency.  The drinks are kind of expensive for the type of place it is too.  Bummer.
5	West Sideeeeeee!!! I love this place and cant get enough. made to order canoli and hot west side sandwich are what dreams are made of for me. The staff is always super nice and the atmosphere is relaxed and chill. Next time I am going for the pasta!!!
5	Family style Italian food with a great positive freindly service. Food is great with plenty of options to keep you coming back.       This time we had the Ny style pizza with fried mozzarella appetizer. The fried mozzarella isn't your typical fried sticks you find in most restaurants. They batter and fry a huge square of cheese and then pour the House Sauce of the top and sprinkle it with cheese. It was great the whole family enjoy the fried cheese app for 5.95.        Pizza was really good and cooked to perfection but  the pastas are what you need to come in and try. So many different pastas from traditional to family recipes and all of them are great.
5	Doesn't look like much, but this place was tasty!  Even our picky kids finished all their food.  Definitely going back!
5	The Ensalada De Mare is AWESOME!! The Pizzas are AWESOME! The Pastas are awesome! The subs are AWESOME! The service is awesome. Very clearly, the place is AWESOME!! I frequent here a lot!! My favorite restaurant in this part of the valley! Keep up the great job Times Square! Mad mad props!
4	Everything I've tried here, I've liked! It gets pretty crowded during the lunch hour but they're always been able to accommodate a larger group it seems! The prices of what I wanted seemed a bit high to me but I always managed to get somtehing in my lunch budget.
4	I have worked in restaurants for many years, and I've been in Time Square enough to take note...they are consistent in food quality and in service and that's a winning combination every time!  A very picky relative from NY/NJ area stayed with us for 5 days, we got food from Times Square 4 out of 5 days during her visit. If you could understand the extreme of her likes/dislikes, you'll surely realize that there couldn't be a better endorsement of how excellent the food is!
5	This place is amazing.  Awesome staff, great eats and cheap drinks.  My advice is order what you like and you will not be disappointed at all.  One last thing safe room for dessert.  The brownie for 3 bucks is enough for two people.  Hey what can I say I am cheap, but I like my good eats.
5	The best cheesesteak I've had in awhile & the service was fast & friendly. The cheesesteak was of epic portions so I could only eat half. Very pleased!! And the price was fair.
5	Great Place. Real causual and relaxed. All of their food is great. Honestly one of the best itallian joints in Arizona!!Also some great seafood/italian dishes that are hard to find anywhere else!!
2	I think if you want to test the pasta then try the gnocchi.  So I did!The dumplings were good sized and the sauce was good but the dumpling it self was very heavy.  It should be light almost like a cloud in your mouth.   The bread that came with was good but as far as true Itailan it doesn't really measure up.  I have had the pizza in the past and it is good but I feel like almost any pizza joint can put out an okay pie.  I will go again for pizza but if your looking for true Itailan go else where.
1	I don't usually write reviews preferring to lurk. However, I feel that something is definitely up with all the recent positive reviews on this place.Let me say that many years ago, my husband and I loved this place.  However, after last night, we will never frequent again.  I will preface with the previous time we ate there (and ate in) and the veggie pizza we ordered arrived with raw vegetables (raw and COLD) all over the top.  We sent it back thinking the kitchen was having an off night and thought no further of it until last night.  We ordered a pizza for takeout and I picked it up.  It was their NY pizza and we ordered it as listed with extra cheese and well done (regular crust).   When they brought it out, I looked at it first and I couldn't believe it.  The top was covered with raw bell pepper - big, giant chunks of it.  It wasn't even close to well done and I asked...this is well done?  The vacuous server said yes, that's well done (she didn't even look).  I said, the vegetables aren't even cooked and are barely warm.  Also, where's the extra cheese?  She and the girl behind the counter both gave me professional smile number 2 and said, it's there..it's well done.I told them it would be my last visit and left.  They were not in the tiniest bit interested in customer satisfaction nor the quality of their pizzas.  I did take it home as it had already been paid for and (night before thanksgiving) had no other dinner options at the time.  But after getting it home, It got worse..the center of the pizza was wet.  I don't mean gooey, but wet like someone had spilled water on it.  We took what we could out of the box and cooked it on our pizza stone but suffice to say, it was not a happy experience.Is this restaurant coasting on it's past?  I think so.  Will leave it to the sheople.
2	I was looking for  nice tiramisu and I found this place. It disappointed me, I would probably rate it the lowest among the ones I tried. Bread pudding was ok.
2	I thought the food might be decent because of the very good Yelp Rating.My husband started with the minestrone soup. The soup was very thin and watery with a burnt taste. I note this soup didn't have any beans or pasta in it but only large pieces of falling apart over cooked vegetables.We both ordered Mediterranean Salads with Chicken. The Menu reads mixed greens but they gave us iceberg lettuce. The chicken had a nice seasoning and was a nice portion but was pounded flat and dry like chalk. The tomatoes they gave us were going bad and the artichokes were grey with old age. The roasted red peppers weren't fresh made and sweet but were full of citric acid taste. I didn't care for the dressing because it was just full of chemicals and very harsh tasting. I thought for the $12.95 price this was a very low quality salad.I noticed this place attracts a very blue collar crowd as the man seated next to me ordered two breakfast plates. I also noticed his potatoes didn't look homemade.I think the name for this restaurant might be incorrect because the sign out side reads Times Square Neighborhood Family Restaurant.Maybe they are better at Pizza?
5	We were just traveling on the interstate and tried to find a place to eat that we'd not eaten at before.  This was the PERFECT place.  The place was packed - which was a good sign.  The staff was friendly and courteous and got to us fast.  The service was fast and the food was excellent.  We have a family of four and we got four different items.  All of them were delicious.  As we were leaving, the parking lot was filling up and more people were standing outside waiting.  I don't know if we'll be in this area and have the opportunity to eat here again, but it was very well worth it this time.
5	This place ROCKS! The staff, The Food, everything is great! BUSY BUSY BUSY on practically everynight for dinner.WHY are you not trying this place?
4	Little rough around the edges but the breakfast food is great.  I haven't had dinner there yet but I will the next time in town.
5	What a great family restaurant. Been going here for a few years and think it truly a find for north valley. You can tell there is a lot of pride in the service and food here.   The staff is always friendly and the food is amazing. Have tried many of the dishes, muscles and pasta, osso buco...all amazing!.   Their pizza is very reasonable and delicious. The wings are baked and very tasty. Try the medium they have the best flavor.  Like any busy place that's good, there can sometimes be a wait to be seated. However have never had to wait more than 15-20 minutes tops. I have had only one less than favorable experience over the past two years of going there and they were spot on to make it right.  You will not be disappointed.
5	My girlfriend and I love this place.The food, service, and atmosphere are all excellent. I seriously cannot understand why anyone would rate this place lower than 3-4stars. To me, even on their worst night, they're still a 4/5. The only problem is; they can get super busy.. but for good reason!I youre in the mood for Italian based food, try this place. 99/100 i am sure you will be fully satisfied.
5	This place never disappoints! The Laura is definitely my favorite but everything I have tried has been great!
4	We came in for brunch. We ordered a couple of the Italian Super subs with ham, salami, capicolla, pepperoni & provolone as well as an omelet, and biscuits and gravy. The subs were great! Nice amount of meat to bread ratio and it was all very fresh. The omelet was good and the hashbrowns were top notch - nice and crispy. The biscuits and gravy were the weak link, we'll skip those next time. Overall, friendly service and the eats are priced right. I'd happily return.
5	This was our go-to neighborhood restaurant! We recently moved 15 mins away and miss this restaurant, we still travel back here though! We have never had a bad meal, their food is amazing!  If you're in the area, you have to go! Breakfast, lunch or dinner - all is great.  From the outside you expect a little diner but its so much more than that.  I love this place! We bring our 2 young kids and they are super friendly with them.   The place is really busy on Friday and Saturday nights, but the line moves quick and they seat you as soon as possible. The staff is very friendly and hard working. My favorite meals are the Fettuccine Toscana and the Cioppino.
5	WOW...to think we lived in this area for over a year before trying this spot out...shame on us. Hubby and I ordered fried mozzerella and ravioli which you would think is kinda plain or standard, but not here. I have been recommending this place to all my Italian friends saying this is hands down, the best. It is a cute mom and pop type place with ridiculously bomb food.
4	Awesome food and great prices. This is one of those inconspicuous looking dives that will either be excellent or give you food poisoning. Fortunately I think this is some of the best Italian food I've had in the valley, and at some of the best prices. Now, this isn't fussy Italian food, more like down home Italian cooking. Portions were huge and everything we ordered was delicious. Service was friendly, and it wasn't overly crowded on a Tuesday evening. I've heard that isn't the case if you come on a Friday though.
5	The food is great and the prices are reasonable. The portions are large so come hungry.The food here is a bit more "home style". It isn't trying to be some fine dining experience and some dishes are pretty heavy. But the flavors are great and I walked out feeling like I was visiting an Italian family member rather than some stuffy restaurant. The beer selection is pretty nice. As weird as it sounded, the Moose Drool was great!A bit of a warning. From what I've heard this place gets packed during the weekend. Be ready to wait if you plan to walk in on a Friday night.
4	The food here is out-freaking-standing. Hands-down the best Italian food I have ever had. The pizza is out of this world, and their mozzarella appetizer is indescribably perfect. Of course I wish all prices were lower, but the pricing here is certainly appropriate for the quality of their fare. The only downside is that this place is TINY. Their reservation policy is a little inconvenient (reservations have to be placed before 3pm) so forget about getting a table in less than an hour if it's after 6 on a Friday or Saturday. Also they literally have 2 (three, maybe?) tables available for large parties, which can make it ever longer.We discovered this difficulty on our most recent trip (our fifth) and the highschooler they had seating parties was unskillful and rude. We had to ask for the manager after we were still waiting half an hour past their 30 minute estimate for our seating.But every other visit to Times Square was a 5-star experience so I will give them a slide on that one time. I was told they are working on opening another larger location, which would be great. Because it seems like they currently occupy a remodeled 7-Eleven (yeah, the building is that small.)A Large pepperoni/mushroom pizza and a cold Moose Drool (beer) at Times Square is really difficult to beat though. Highly recommended--but don't go during peak hours or you'll have a bad time.
5	This place is absolutely stellar. If you have never tried it I would highly recommend it. Protip: If you like Pizza, try theirs, you can order it to go and pick it up (Same with all of their food.)I have had their Mozzarella appetizer which is a big slab of fried cheese cooked to perfection. Their Alfredo is authentic and tasty, and their pasta Giovanni is something I could eat till I exploded. It is absolutely the best tasting Italian food I have had hands down. Bucca? Pshhhh. Olive Garden? Yeah OK. The wait staff has always been prompt and polite. The wait can be grueling but its worth it I promise you.They do have a very nice bar, very friendly and nicely done in marble.Come early and often, make reservations for big parties this place is tiny, or order to go, but whatever you do? GO HERE. This place is absolutely fantabulous!!!
4	This place is right next to our mechanic so it seemed an obvious choice to try for lunch after annoying adult vehicle expenses.  Inside, it's not much to look at.  But, I came the conclusion that they don't need fancypants glassware and matching chairs.  I ordered the margherita pizza - it was delicious but be warned, this is not your delicate gourmet pizza situation.  It was a lot more Papa John's than Sauce or Humble Pie.  Which isn't a bad thing - it's just good to know if you're expecting truck stop or fine dining.  My husband raved about the gnocchi and he's a tough cookie when it comes to Italian (especially since he makes his own gnocchi).  We shared the bread pudding for dessert.  Aside from the strange colored sauce (it was a yellow that is not found in nature), it was absolutely yummy.  It was the perfect amount of dense, gooey, and delicious.  Is this where you want to ask your girlfriend to marry you?  No.  Is it where you want to go for a cheap delicious meal before you elope to Vegas?  Maybe.
5	I really enjoy eating at this place.. the food is always good and the wait staff feels more like family.
5	Love the pastas here! Everything I had was great! Pizza is great also!
5	Always good, always busy.  I know good Italian food and this is it.
5	The place small but the food is awesome! Build your own pizza, or have the gnocci in cream sauce (ask to have breakfast bacon sprinkled into it).  The Joe's special is awesome if you are on a diet - excellent chicken breast and sauted spinach.  My daugher loves the chicken Parm sandwich.  Ask Shay to make you a martini - they are the best :).  Also, I highly recommend the Rigatoni A la Laura. But don't kiss anyone after wards - lots of garlic!
5	Love the pastas here! Everything I had was great! Pizza is great also!
4	We went to Times Square on a Tuesday night and the place was very busy and stayed busy.  Great food, good service, clean, not a great location.
4	Ordered a very large order and everything was hot and ready all at once. Thank you time square for making my Father's Day. Everything was excellent as well.
4	Visited here for a late lunch and was pleasantly surprised. This is a "neighborhood" type restaurant so the atmosphere is relaxed and casual. Many families with children in to eat. Not too noisy. There is a bar to sit at if you want to enjoy a cold beer. My husband had the Bay Scallops with pasta and he said it was excellent. (I can't eat shellfish so I couldn't try any.) Presentation on the plate was very nice. The scallops were arranged carefully for view and the sauce was a light red sauce. I had the Pollo Marconi and was a little skeptical about tomatoes and eggplant together but it was great! This also came with a side of pasta and it was all very tasty. Garlic bread came with the meal and we ate very little of that only because the food was so good we didn't need bread to get in the way!Our waiter was courteous and attentive. When the waiter was busy with other tables the bus boy came by to see if we were good on drink refills.
5	This place is becoming our favorite Italian restaurant in the area!  Times Square Pizzeria is a wonderful gem to find in a city that has so many places to choose from. They offer weekly and daily specials, so remember to ask about them before par oozing their menu.   Food~ everything we've tried has been DELISH!   Some of my faves to recommend to you; apps fried calamari and their antipasto salad are excellent.  In addition to tasting excellent, their portions are HUGE, so plan to share!  pizza; go for the NY Combo with pepperoni, Italian sausage, olive, mushrooms, onion and peppers.  Their Genovese pizza with grilled chicken, ricotta, pesto and mozzarella is also very good!  Pasta; go for the tortellini D Angelo ~ oh my!   Cheese stuffed tortellini in a vodka sauce with Italian dried and domestic mushrooms and chicken.  The rigatoni alla Laura and the pasta Giovanni are also great dishes!  You wont be disappointed.  Seafood; we like the Cioppino and Pescatore!  Both are very good!  Restaurant~ this place is kind of small and in an area of north Phoenix you may not have been to before but they are worth the trip!  Their restaurant is very clean and lightly decorated.  They've made the most out of its size.  Service~ everyone's very friendly and eager to serve!  The kitchen doesn't seem to miss a beat and is very accommodating to even the most finicky eater.  The Times Square Pizzeria is a fantastic place for you to dine with family and friends.  They do get busy during the peak times for lunch and dinner so plan your time accordingly.  We hope to see you there soon!
5	My husband's work hosted a party at this location this past weekend.  We pulled up and it was packed.  Luckily they had reserved an area in the back for us.  While we were waiting, we made our way to the bar and service was good and quick.  Especially considering how crowded it was.  They were able to accomodate our large group easily.  The service was fantastic!  Our server was on top of things.  Drinks, menus, delivery of food, keeping drinks filled, etc.  The food was outstanding!  We ordered several apps including the mussels, calamari and crabcakes.  Everything was perfect and I would recommend all.  We all ordered individual dishes.  All the pasta dishes were out of this world.  I ordered the Calamari cesar salad and it was huge!  It was covered in calamari, not just small bites and very flavorful.  We also ordered several desserts including the cheesecake, cream brule and tarimisu.  Everything was wonderful!  And the prices were amazing.  I can't wait to go back and try their pizza!
4	This has become our sunday morning go to breakfast joint.  Yes, there is a Denny's, Waffle House, and Cracker Barrel across the street.   I like the staff and would rather give my money to a local business.  Keep it up Times Square!!!  And they do a nice take-out when you are not up for the crowd and chatter.  A great family place.
5	This is a new find for my husband and I and I have to say that we LOVE it! The desserts are wonderful. The pasta is fresh and yummy!! The sauce, it is a bit sweet, just perfect. We are so happy to have found this gem.
5	times square pizzeria's is absolute best spot for pizza in phoenix. friday and saturday nights are sooo fun. the pizza is delicious and the atmosphere is lively and contagious!
1	The pizza here is good. Everything else is so, so. DO NOT ORDER THE ANTIPASTO SALAD! It gave me food poisoning. I've never been so sick in my life, and obviously we haven't returned since. Oh, and the owner was so rude to us when we came in with a stroller. (We walked there since it's less than a mile from our house.)
4	Had some take out pizza last year during holidays... Forgot all about the place but came across it on Yelp,, close to work n try it out.. Went by Friday afternoon, and there was seriously a 30-45 minute wait... Nothing can be worth the wait, so we decided to come back another day,,,,, Monday early lunch, place about half full.. Ordered the NY Combo -- Once we got our pizza i had a flash back to the pizza we got during holidays,, n BAM,,, this stuff is great pizza... Decent prices.. Not my #1 Pizza place,, but pretty darn close.Next trip will try the pasta, or the Samiches, as they looked amazingly delish as they went by our table.... Def a Weekly goto place......Went back and Tried the Cheese Steak Special.... AWESOME... not sure if I can try anything else now that i found the goto item...
4	Love the food, it's always consistently delicious. My usuals are toasted pastrami (yum!!!!), calamari Caesar salad or a slice of pizza and salad. It's on the regular rotation for lunch. Check it out!
5	Great find!!! Little place that you could easily pass and not see it. Don't miss this place though cause really great food.
5	I've eaten at Times Square so many times it's hard to remember one particular blur of amazing Italian food. I first tried their pizza and wings, it didn't disappoint. Stick with the medium wings, I enjoy spicy stuff, which they are not, however they have an addictive zing to them that beats any other wings I've had. You'll find yourself licking the sauce off of anything it drops on!! Pets beware!!!I have yet to be disappointed by any of the pasta dishes. They tell me that all of their sauces are individual and made to order. I was impressed until I found them all to be addictive and incredible! (How boring, right!?)Needless to say my repeated patronage speaks for the restaurants well deserved reputation. Come try the amazing pizza and wings, come back for the amazing pasta dishes. Breakfast is OK, lunch is amazing although I've only ever had the Italian super sub. I only bring dates here when it's something special. I won't share this place with just any old broad. ;)
5	Clean, friendly, great food. The servers remember us, my favorite server calls us "kids." Plus, they accommodate special orders!Get there for breakfast and Pasta Giovani for dinner.
4	the Italian food is excellent, the pizza is good.
4	=====================BREAKFAST ================================My sister Mindy, her husband Jon (visiting from Rhode Island) , my wife Carol and me stopped here for breakfast this morning. The place was not crowded so we were seated immediately. Our server got us all coffee and then asked what we wanted to order for breakfast. Everyone's meals came cooked just perfectly. Our eggs were the way we all wanted them, they came out hot and in a timely manner.FOOD: Reasonable portion sizes. The coffee was hot, delicious & fresh.  Our food arrived quickly. Not a single complaint from anyone. PRICE: The prices are just right. SERVICE: Service was prompt and friendly.CONCULSION: The food is affordable, tastes great and the service is excellent.   RETURN FACTOR: 100%.************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT .
5	Awesome place!  They are opening another location on 7th Street and Union which is closer so yay.  They are a key player in our take out rotation as well ad they are always super fast with our orders..
5	I've been driving by this place on my way to work for about 3 years now. I finally decided to stop in with a recommendation from my neighbor. This is now my "go to" Italian place.  The restaurant itself isn't anything fancy, which is what I like. As long as it's clean (which it was) is all that I care about. My Dad and I stopped by on a Wednesday evening which the parking lot was packed (good sign). We were able to get a table in under about 10 minutes.  He ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo and I got the Tortellini D Angelo. Dad said that the Fettuccine was some of the best that he's ever had. My Tortellini was also delicious. You could definitely tell that the pasta was made from scratch. The service was also very good. I will definitely be back next time I'm craving some good pasta!
5	Best New York Pizza I've had in the metro Phoenix area. The  Pasta Giovanni is to die for! Absolute loved the "tomato cream demi-glaze sauce with a hint of garlic & red pepper." While an Italian eatery, they also serve up a pretty mean American style breakfast with some of the best breakfast sausage I've ever tasted. Can't wait to go back again and again and again!Finally they have a great happy hour that runs from 2pm - 6 pm with discounts on drinks and $100 a slice cheeses pizza. Mmmm!
5	Worth the wait on a Friday night.  Love this place.  Everything is good.  We get the wings every time we come.
5	One of our favorite restaurants.  We have been going there for several years, and sometimes several times a week.  We know most of the staff by name.  They are great people serving great food.  When my Father passed away last year, some of the staff even came to the service.  They make you feel like family.BREAKFAST-Order anything on the menu, it's all been good.  My favorite is either "K", Chorizo & Eggs (weekends only), breakfast burrito (weekdays only), or steak & eggs.  Everything is cooked the way you want it, and they give you a nice sized portion.  The Chorizo & Eggs is served w/ whole pinto beans which I feel is a nice touch.  Their homemade salsa is also very good.LUNCH/DINNER-Pizza has been very good.  They have both neapolitan and sicilian.  I have had the "pizza by the slice", and that has been hit & miss, but the whole pies have been great.The Ossobuco at Times Square is my favorite meal there.  If I were "going to the chair", it would be my choice for my last meal!  I have had it in other restaurants w/ risotto, and also w/ polenta.  Times Square serves theirs over fettuccine pasta w/ a very nice sauce.The "Linguine Spinach" & "Pollo Limon" (not on the menu, but always available) are also very, very good.One of my favorite things about Times Square is their consistency and quality.  I like going into a restaurant and seeing the same faces.  The turnover there is very low, and the staff & servers get to know you and your likes.  It's not uncommon to see the owner there, working the register, bar, seating, even serving when busy to help out.  It's also not uncommon to get a wave and a hello from the head Chef.  Truly, one of my favorite restaurants...
4	I have been here 3 times now and I have been more than satisfied with each visit.  There isn't much in the way of local Italian joints North of the 101, so when I finally discovered this little hole in the wall, I knew I had to check it out.The first clue that I had that this place was legit, was that it was jam packed.  Right away looking at their menu I was a bit overwhelmed, so i did what I normally do anytime I visit a restaurant for the first time - I asked the server for her suggestions.  She suggested the Linguini Principessa, which was a nice fresh seafood pasta dish in a lovely cream sauce.  Delicious.My 2nd visit included pizza and wings.  I went for the white pizza, and I thought it was wonderful.  A nice crust, with fresh ingredients on top.  For my latest visit I went with the Pollo Marconi, and I have to say that so far this was my favorite dish!  The chicken was so tender, and that sauce...mama mia! I have never tasted a sauce so delicious!  They have a great wine selection as well.What really won me over about this place though, was the service.  Fast, friendly, prompt...so hard to find in good restaurants these days.  This is one of my favorites places now...I want to try everything on their menu :)
5	Great place with excellent food and service.   Pastrami and cheese sandwich was probably the best I have ever had!
5	Been here more times then I can count. Best Italian food in North Phoenix.  Great food at a great price.
5	I love this place! Been coming here for 12 years. We love the cold ham and cheese sandwich with fries. The pizza,salads and spaghetti are spectacular. Also don't forget the ice old Moose Drool on draft!
4	Im always looking for something outside the chain of restaurants . I placed a to go order on my way home from Costco and had the Pasta Carbanara. THe pasta has peas , panchetta , onions and a creamy sauce . It was so sinful but amazing. I will keep Times Square in mind for my next italian craving .
5	Amazing incredible awesome best eggplant ever! I always order for pick up and it's never taken more then 20 mins for them to finish the order. Highly recommended.
4	I've been to Times Square many times.  Always great food & great service. I was disappointed tonight though.  I was trying to keep it light since we were eating late so I ordered the dinner salad (always good) & the crab cakes from the appetizer menu.  I should have changed my mind when our server said the crab cakes were good but they were the only item on the menu not house made.  Unfortunately the crab cakes were AWFUL.  They were mushy, definitely not fresh.  They are so NOT representative of the rest of the food served in this restaurant!  If they can't make them fresh, then they should remove them from the menu.  On a good note, my husband got the clams & linguine and it was delicious!   We'll be back, but surely will not get the crab cakes.
4	Yum. Great lunch beal for slices. Great flavor. And a really tall hot bartender. Win win!
5	Have not been disappointed here, the more we try the more we like it! Appetizer steamers in garlic wine sauce yummmm! best fettuccini alfredo, wings, pizza and subs! Get there early, they fill up fast. Heard they are opening new location 7th st & Union hills in the near future.
4	A tiny Italian restaurant that was bustling when we stopped in for dinner on valentines day.  Since the place was packed, the wait was about 45 minutes but we grabbed a glass of wine while we waited.  The menu consists of lots of authentic Italian dishes as well as pizza.  We tried one of the house specialties - creamy penne with chicken and sausage and a pasta with shrimp.  Their small Caesar salad was plenty for the two of us as a starter and the pasta came with 2 hoagie-bun sized pieces of crunchy garlic toast.  A great local spot.
5	Nice restaurant tucked in North Phoenix. The times that I have eaten here the service shines the most. The staff are courteous, helpful, and genuinely are proud to work there. Pizza is quality and may be the best up in North Phoenix. This is definitely me and the wifeys go to place for sit down pizza in our neck of the woods. We will see you again!
1	New experience today. Lasagne was a nightmare, steer clear of it. Unless you like undercooked noodles, which are then over baked during the final preparation, which made it end up tasting like rubber, and a bad shade of gray-brown noodles was enough to turn my appetite off. Layers of noodles were basically stuck together that i mistook them for artichoke hearts. This dish should be fork tender and delicious. Instead it was tough, and horrible. Almost as if it was prepped days ago and left uncovered in a cooler like it dried out. Seriously nasty!  To top it off, nobody asked why I barely ate any of it. My review of this restaurant below still stands. I have usually had very good food here.  Today was no exception!  I had been in a few "ruts" lately with their menu (Chicken Caesar and Antipasto Salad are both awesome) so I had the Chicken Breasts with Marsala sauce. The waitress recommended having it with the marsala sauce over the pasta side too instead of the marinara. Good call as the sauce is rather thin and would've blended in anyway. So it was good to break out of the rut and expand the horizons.  Tip: get there early for lunch as they only have about 15 tables max so they fill up fast during the lunch hour!
5	We come here for breakfast regularly on weekends. It is usually pretty busy, but that doesnt hinder our service or wait time! Great prices, portions, and service. Our usual waiter is such a sweetheart. The middle aged blonde, I wish I could remember her name! The other waitresses we get are also very nice. Great family owned buisness. They always make sure my coffee is full and dont give me strange looks when I ask for a basket full of the french vanilla creamer instead of the plain stuff. One day when we were in a hurry, I only had time for one cup of coffee vs. the usual 2/3 cups. I chugged the last of my cup and the waitress noticed I wanted to keep drinking it, and came back with a to-go cup FULL of hot coffee! Perfect timing, that left me very happy. Great +1! Only complaint would be from my friend who gets over-medium eggs (what does that even mean?), who says they arent always cooked correctly. I get mine scrambled, you cant screw that up, theyre always yummy! Great little restaurant :)
5	This place is my favorite place for breakfast! I haven't tried them for dinner too often but I know their pizza is very good. The service is always consistent when I come here! I definitely recommend people to check out this place, not many people that I know are familiar with this place but it's a good one to try!
5	This is a great place for Italian food, different than those giants,  like Olive Garden. Their pizzas are good New York style and reasonably priced.  But what I LOVE is their Tortellini D Angelo --- OMG that tomatoe cream demi glaze is to die for!!! Hubby has gotten the lasagna, Ossobuccu and loves both. They have pasta dishes,  veal, chicken, beef,  shrimp, eggplant, mussels,  sandwiches, soups and salads. We haven't tried desserts as we are just so full from the yummy dinners. The only one we have gone to is located on Deer Valley Road,  they have another location on E Union Hills.
5	We now have a new favorite Italian restaurant. Great staff and excellent food. This place has a neighborhood feel to it. I was in a t-shirt and felt perfectly comfortable. The pizza and salad were fantastic. The place was crowded on a Tuesday night and when we left at only about 6:00 ( we like to eat early) there were 3 parties waiting for tables. Love this place and am looking forward to taking friends there for dinner and drinks!
5	great breakfasts and great italian food.highly recommend
5	Been there for Dinner, been there for Lunch, Been there for Breakfast.Excellent all the time. GREAT food, GREAT service, feels like they really appreciate you.
5	My favorite restaurant. Out of this world. The pasta is so good you cannot stop eating it. I will continue to come back and hope this place never leaves.
4	Though the seating is tight and service can be a little iffy, the food is awesome!
5	My husband and I just love this place we went there the other night for dinner Shay was our waiter he is fantastic we love when we get him.  The food here is amazing the portions are large you'll go home with a lot.  They must be doing great they opened another location.
4	A nice mom & pop Italian restaurant in the North valley.   Phoenix is not known for Italian, but this place seems to ignore all that.  Great service from a loyal staff and really tasty options on the menu.   The pricing is not low, but based on the quality of service and food I think this place is worth the money.  The team hear keeps the place clean, which is always very important when in the food business.
5	We just moved near here and from the outside didn't really know what this place was but saw the reviews and decided to try it.  It was packed but we were seated in the promised time.  Started with the calamari which wasn't bad but a little dense and not alot of flavor. My husband had his usual a meatball sub which he liked. My daughter ate her whole bowl of ravioli and I had the linguini puttanesca which was delicious. We took home creme Brule and bread pudding for dessert both were excellent just like grandma had made them. This place will be a family favorite.
4	We always call in our orders for pick up and they have been great! Orders are always correct, wait is not long, and food tastes great!
5	I have eaten breakfast here in the past and it is very good. Great price and good portions. Last night was the first time I had dinner here and it was outstanding!!!! I had the tortellini d'angelo and I cannot wait to go back and have a repeat meal! After I enjoy my leftovers though!!! Great price and portion on dinner and garlic bread was delicious. We tried the bread pudding for dessert and I can't recommend that enough...Can't wait to return!
1	My husband and I use to love this place but it's not the same anymore.  We stopped for a late night dinner and I ordered  arabiata penne NO MEAT...I'm a vegetarian but I was served sausage in my penne.  I took the first bite and was disgusted by the taste! It's difficult to get that taste out of your mouth.To make matters worse,  my husband was almost through with his dinner when I got reserved. Then, we weren't  served the bread until after my husband was done with his dinner. The bread was uncooked and had to be sent back.  The manager brought another bread but this time the top was cooked and the bottom wasn't.  Not once did we get an apology.  We were both fed up, so I complained to the manager about the  sausage in my penne he said "mistakes happen, we fixed it, right? "  Hardly the way to treat customers.
2	Food is so so..Breakfast specials are cheap but I'd like more than one piece of french toast than just the lonely one on my plate...it's only bread.. our sausage patties were gross..my eggs were cold but hashbrowns were hot? Alexi's on 19th ave and Union Hills is breakfast done proper..old school..I will say that the staff at Times Square were nice and attentive but We're not goin back
5	Hands down one of the best italian food places I've ever been to! They need to open more locations in the Easy Valley! I drive 45 minutes to eat there and come home. It's SO worth it!
4	Food was very good, sevice also very good.  wife thought server was "totes adorbs ".lol
3	This is a mixed review.  We have been to Times Square many times and the food is always amazing. This trip was no exception.The food is consistent and amazing. I truly LOVE this place.That being said, we had TERRIBLE service this past visit.our server, Damion, was completely unnatentive.He took our order and then we did not see him again untill we asked an employee to bring us our check.no asking how the food was...no asking if we needed anything...no asking if we would like refills...it was weird.  We were there an hour and he literally did not come by once.maybe it was just a bad day for him.We will absolutely come back because, in our 7 or 8 visits, this has been the only time with an issue.
4	Went for lunch with my work crew...they were packed, but we happened to get a table immediately. We had 2 dozen medium wings as an appetizer which were delicious. I had the Mahi Mahi plate which was outstanding. I only had one issue, they stalled me out halfway through the meal because it took forever for anyone to check my drink...i take a drink after every bite, so when i have no drink i cannot eat either...this is a common thing for most restaurants so i am not going to trash the review over it.  finally got it and finished up, super full and satisfied.
5	It is so hard to find semi authentic Italian food in Arizona and this for sure hit the mark . Fresh ingredients, great combinations of flavors , had all my favorite dishes , what more can you want? Try the bruschetta it amazing . Wine was low end but who cares the food made up for it. The staff was really friendly and made you feel at home
3	The food here is great. The service is hit and miss. I tried out a 2nd Alaska amber beer and told the waitress Suzanna I didn't care for it but she didn't listen and bought me another on what I thought was a gift but charged me for it. Being the polite guy I am I drank it because I didn't want to make a fiss but beaware of the charges becaus they are rather on the high end but again the food is healthy, tasty and, filling .t
3	Food is good but a little pricey for the quality.
4	great!
5	4.9 / 5. One of the best pizzas in Phoenix. Got the New York special and it was excellent. You have to eat it with a fork because the crust is very thin and can't support the weight of the toppings. The cheese is creamier than most. Toppings were very fresh and meat quality very very good. Not sure what they could do better. Definitely going back.
1	Run away while you still can! or Order the pizza....I was dumb I should have gotten the pizza! Do not I repeat do not come here for pasta! It is a pizza place which I figured out after we already ordered which sucked especially after eating the gross pasta which came to our table and saw the delicious pizza which went to others' tables. We got here and for a busy place they score for having a place for us within a few moments. The server was super helpful and we did not have a need of anything besides better food :/ We normally go to La Piazza Al Forno but my husband raved about this place and why not? Well next time nope unless it is pizza. The bread was the best part of the meal! I mean its bread you can not ruin that right? But I will have to give them credit it was the best bread I have ever ate. But here comes the bad part the meal ugh~! The sauce was super water down it felt like we were at a place which needed to save money it was that water down. The chicken which should have been able to basically cute with my fork I had to saw at with a knife it was that hard. I felt cheated. And then comes the worst part did not finish meal heck barely ate or poked at my hard chicken so I figure order dessert and maybe that will be a winner nope nope and nope! I ordered the Tiramisu it was just as horrible as the chicken the best thing I could think of when eating it was it tasted sorta old like a old gym sock never had one to eat but it just did not sit right. I should have sent everything back but I also did not want to create a fuss rather I guess write a review. So remember people buy pizza from a pizza place and not an Italian dessert they do not know how to cook and or pasta they do not know how to cook. I think a little caesar's pizza was better than this meal which cost us 40 something dollars. Also soooo loud I could hardly hear my hubby let alone the waiter here.
4	I have eaten here multiple time and tried various dishes.  I thought that their pizza was just ok, but crave the Pasta Giovanni; the sausage and demi-glaze really make this dish stand out.  Their cheese steak sandwiches are also excellent.  This place always seems to be busy and loud, but it only takes a few minutes to get seated.  The good food and service balance out my nits, so I would recommend this place to my friends.
3	Italian food and pizzas, with everything you'd expect on the menu: seafood, chicken, veal, salads, soups, sandwiches (even cheesesteaks). Also open for breakfast. Reasonably priced. The staff is very attentive and friendly. The food is just not inspiring.
5	Favorite Italian restaurant in the valley. We have tried a bunch of things and are always satisfied. Among the best things we have had are the Cesar salad, chicken parm, pasta baronessa and chicken Marconi. The service is good, the restaurant is small and not pretentious and the food is always great.
4	Very good meal on a busy Friday night here in the middle of Deer Valley. If your looking for a quiet meal then don't go during this time period. Otherwise, everything was very good. My meal was the standard penne with Vodka sauce and chicken - a perfect rendition of the classic. I tasted her tortelloni dish, but did not care for her sauce. The garlic bread, service and owner (free round for the bar) on this night were top notch. Another surprising highlight was the bread pudding with a jack Daniels glaze on the bottom of the plate. This desert I could not stop eating.
1	We we're excited to try this place out, we'd heard great things. My friend got there first at about 10:50, we followed 5 minutes later. The boyfriend was on a business call with his real estate agent so we didn't order immediately. We ordered at 11:10 and our waitress, who never gave her name or even a hello, wouldn't budge on the breakfast ends at 11 rule. So we packed up and went and got breakfast at cracker barrel across the street. Obviously very bad first impression. I would love to support a locally owned business, I work for one, but wasn't thrilled with the unfriendly and uncompromising environment.
3	We had the veal parm, pepperoni pizza, lasagna, and a cannoli. You either like the sauce they make or you don't. We thought all it has an interesting nutmeg/celery/lamby flavor. The veal was cooked well, not overdone. The cannoli was different, but good different. Has a more custardy creamy ricotta filling than most.
2	We were really looking forward to trying this place. The food is so-so. Doubt I'll be craving it. We had ziti, fettuccine Alfredo and linguine principessa (shrimp and clams). The shrimp was rubbery. Garlic bread was good but gets hard as a rock if you don't eat it asap. (Microwaved??) The walls had spots where paint was rubbed off. I can honestly say the waitress was arrogant and made us feel like she was doing us a favor by serving us.
4	I've been eating so much pizza lately, I think I might turn into one!  My buddy Mike was telling me about this place and he said it was legit.  It's only a few minutes up the road from where I work so I decided I would pick up a pizza for lunch.  I called them up and ordered a 14 inch Cheese PIzza.  Drove up there, picked it up and then headed back to work.  My total was just under $12.00 for the pizza.  I devoured this thing in my car during my lunch break.  It was delicious...I ate the whole damn pizza!  This pizza had a good medium/thin crust, really good sauce, good cheese (tad greasy) and great overall flavor.  It reminded me of some mom and pop type shops back where I grew up at in LA.  I will definitely be back.  The staff was friendly and joked around with me for a bit while I was picking up my food.  Good times!
5	And the BEST Cannoli EVER, AND Bread Pudding and Creme brulee! Love the Chicken Philly and Calzone now, too! Love it with chicken, spinach and green peppers. tastes like my grandmas bread and the ricotta  and mozz is to die for! Side salad is Awesome, too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	The food is very tasty. The Demi-Glaze sauce in many of the dishes is fantastic! Tonight we ordered take out. The pasta Giavanni and the egg plant parmigiana. The pasta giavanni has that terrific Demi-Glaze sauce with mushrooms, sausage, and chicken. The pasta is cooked perfectly and the dish is a must try. The egg plant had a great layer of melted mozzarella on top along side spaghetti with marinara. Both seasoned to perfection. They both come with a half a loaf of garlic bread, also delish! The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because of the service. Eating there is almost painful. The servers and cashiers need to be trained and nobody has any answers. You will wait to be seated, heck you will wait to be acknowledged. We have been getting the good to go as to avoid the poor service and enjoy the great food.
5	I always drive by but never know exactly what this place had to offer, now that I do I will certainly be a regular! Tonight we ordered gnocchi for the kids, the mahi special for me, and tortellini for my hubs. Everything was spectacular! The place was packed and there were several people picking up orders to go. The wait didn't see long, we were seated right when we got in. I can't wait to eat my left overs (and the boys' too)!
