5	Groovy place for vintage glass, ceramics, clothing, and furniture. Beth and Josie both have a great eye. R.R. is smack in the middle of the 7th Ave. mini-boom. Check it out!
5	Oooooooooooooooh, I'm in la la la la la la LOVE with Retro Redux!!! I am a vintage clothing fiend. I simply can't get enough of the 50-70's A-line polyester dresses in whacked out prints and colors. You really should see my closet, it's absolutely ridiculous and even though I have enough of these dresses to pretty much wear a different dress every day for 3 months without recycling them, well, I still need to buy them. I mean, helloooo, I said fiend!So, now that my job involves a ton of traveling, I've made it a mission to try and find the best vintage in town while on these work trips and with recent successes in Portland, I now can add Phoenix to the list of awesome vintage scores.Yep, 4 cute dresses flew home with me today and they are totally the cat's MEOUCH. A black and white adorable A-line, a deep royal blue Jackie O style dress, a burgundy and deep blue A-line and a burgundy with teensy tiny white polka dots on it. Can you say SCORE!! As a bonus, they were cheap and for the quality, a great bargain. 4 immaculate condition dresses for $20-$25 each! Total score. SO if you love vintage clothes, furniture, lamps, hat cases, broaches, purses, shoes and stuff to cool out your pad, then hit Retro Redux. You will not be sorry!!
5	I admit it... I usually don't venture into vintage clothing stores, but I was told that Retro Redux was the best in town.  Since Stephy S. (admittedly a vintage clothing fiend) was in town, I had to do some research and show her that Phoenix has a little bit of everything INCLUDING great vintage!Not only was Stephy impressed (see her review recently posted), but I was pleasantly surprised, and I even walked out with a purchase of my own!  Retro Redux was a very cool place... from the vintage furniture, clothing, shoes, jewelry, books, and more to the music playing inside.  (Each room had different music and it made shopping there even more fun!)I will come visit again, Retro Redux... and I may even come visit when Stephy S. is not in town!  Vintage is fun and the prices are just right!
4	Great second hand furniture and housewares. The clothes are amazing too I just wish they had more of them. The lady working was so very kind and knew a lot about the local stuff going on. If you are looking for a good find for reasonable prices definitely come to this place.
5	I live right next door to Retro Redux.  I love this place!  Everyone who works there is so damn friendly!  I chat for a fairly long time while making purchases.  In fact, it's on my agenda for tomorrow.  I've been collecting little things here and there for when I buy a condo downtown before the light rail shoots up property values.  Last time, I got the most awesome hanging lamp.  Also, a couple orange vases and a vintage ashtray.  When my sister comes to visit from the OC (there's no flavor there!) she always wants to go to Redux!
5	Five stars and that's simply for the amazing 1950s formica dining set my friend scored (and that I so covet) at Retro Redux.  My latest visit revealed a magical collection of all things vintage, retro and as Calamari, states so sage-like, campy.This is the real deal here, folks. I swear, I think my grandma's and mom's 1950s - 1970s belongings came here to die. But that's not really true, because they're getting a second life at this awesome little store on 7th Ave.I've been to other vintage clothing/furniture stores, but they usually short on this or short on that.  There's a great mix of every style, but my favorite thing about this place is seeing old furniture just like you used to use back in the day. I'm calling it now.  That polyester three piece suit, the tiki bar cocktail set and the 1970s egg chair are mine!
5	Like Gabi, I'm not really a retro, vintage kinda gal. Er, um guy. Yea guy! I like new things. Things that don't smell of mothballs. Or pee. I like Crate and Barrel, Eurway and Copenhagen. But not only is Retro Redux fun and filled with 1950s to 1970s goodies. I swear the spirit of the Brady's and Partridge families lives on in these four walls! Rickie bought me a fantastic wooden bowl, made with individual pieces of wood. Sort of retro Asian meets midwest rec room popcorn bowl. Going here puts me in a good mood and should do the same for you. Friendly staff and approachable prices. So put on your favorite Garanimals outfit (c'mon, remember??!!) and those knee high socks with the two stripes on top and your Kinney's (yes Kinney's, the Great American Shoe Store, aka GASS) and get in the VW van and high tail it down to Retro Redux. And on your way stop off for a refreshing Fresca or Tab!
5	love me some retro redux.a) it's on 7th ave and adds to the fantasticness that appears to persist thereb) it's a queer material candylandc) although a vintage clothing shop...it doesn't sport the bougie pop your eyes out prices that most do (it's fairly cheap!)i got a fantastic dress here that I just feel happy staring at in my closet (I don't have a lot going on these days). Seriously. Go to Redux and support 7th ave (and 7th st) businesses!
4	The sign!!! The duds!!! The aluminum Christmas tree with color wheel!! Yahoo, we're at Retro Redux, where all the stuff we grew up with in our parents' homes that we thought at one time was butt-ugly has somehow become--well, not so ugly as it has become cool and groovy.They've got one of Phoenix's most glorious collections of tacky purses I've ever beheld--and I know something about tacky purses, let me tell ya. Then there's the vintage clothes, although of course there's never anything that will fit my size-heifer body--all you young things out there though should flock here for some real couture, not to mention much more stylish than the dreck that passes for style today. [did I mention that I once thought that mid-century clothing was butt-ugly?]If hubby and I were just starting out again, we'd be Retro Redux's best customers and deck our home out in mid-century gloriousness instead of what we have now. Hey, maybe we'll chuck our creaky old antiques and head on down sometime!
4	Great Store!  Every time I go in there I wish I could buy it all!  One day... oh one day when I have a house to shop for!I have been going to this store for at least 4 years.  It's fun to see it change.  I love the layout now.  I still love the incredible pieces they find.  I begged and begged my boyfriend to let me buy the gorgeous pink vintage couches they had in the store last year, but he would not budge on his NO...  Oh well... One day I will have room with vintage pink furniture and all vintage accessories and it will all come from this store.I used to go in there every few months and buy new jewelry and vintage accessories, but unfortunately the last time I was in there, there was none of the to be found.  Bradford, being the nice guy that he is asked if I had checked out the store across the street... I had not, so I did and am super happy that he recommended them to me.
3	Eh.  I expected more outta Retro Redux.  With a moniker like such, how can the store be anything but an acclaimed showcase on glorified mid-to-late 1900s chic?  This place looked more like the old 'Wheel of Fortune' set, with my head in a oddly blurred bubble shopping for porcelain panthers and orange acetate couches, with a very bored Pat Sajak behind the clerk's counter loudly munching on X-treme Doritos.  He couldn't have been more disinterested in his job if there were forty nude women parading around his workspace.I was surprised that other 'vintage-y' stores around Melrose were actually more believable than Retro Redux.  Sure, they've got things worth perusing ... I'm trying to remember, but, they had a Laszlo piece or something else remarkable as far as design goes, but its priced out enough that invading an auction or maybe ebay is a better option.  Their collection of vintage clothes almost seems as if its an ironic joke to see which scene kids will go in and try them on.  I think this would make a great public access reality show.  I think I could  watch something like that all day, sitting on my own early 2000's non-vintage couch, sipping a Pimm's, and crunching a bag of flaming-hot Doritos.  Hey, maybe Retro Sajak was onto something.
3	OK, still some cool stuff -- but the place has changed hands. Check it out, though. Clothes are better organized.
3	As far as antique shops go, don't expect anything quaint and Victorian here. It's all about the Mod, and they have a great selection of stuff- if that's what you're into. If only I could find the courage to actually wear one of those kitschy '60's dresses, I might actually buy something.
3	Decent selection of various vintage items:  furniture, clothing, odds and ends, etc.  I take 2 stars off for the nasty salesperson who was rude and temperamental.  She didn't like being bothered.
2	There is definitely some cool vintage stuff here, but it is generally overpriced and the selection isn't as good as some other places in the vicinity. The staff has a high opinion of themselves,  but its still worth checking out. at least once.
