5	beep....beep....beep....flat line ______________________________________________What do you do when your bike dies.... take it to Rage Cycles!  I have to say I love this place. For one, it's privately owned, and secondly all the employees are super cool, laid back, and very helpful. They know their bicycle mythology well. Walking into Rage, you feel right at home, and comfortable even if you are an amateur rider. Many places like this would make the average biker feel like an outcast, or a sell out, because you have a "real job", but not Rage. They are just simply cool. If you have a problem, yo they'll solve it, and for a decent price. I have taken my mountain bike here twice for service,  and both times I had it back in a week, tip top shape, and it didn't put a dent in my wallet. They have plenty of custom bikes to look at and tons of parts, accessories, and all the equipment any biker would need, whether you  have a street, mountain, or whatever bike. I highly recommend Rage for all your bicycle needs, parking is in the rear, and they are open until 7pm most days. It's not the easiest place to find, but it's worth looking for if you have bike trouble.
5	This place is so cool...and the people who work there are awesome.  I came in today to look for a Camelback (some people are not talented enough to ride and drink at the same time)  They explained to me that I would be dependent on the thing and actually talked me out of the purchase.  The sales guy even said "I can't believe I am going to talk you out of a sale..."  He told me about these great water bottles instead...which I do own.  I think I need to practice with the water bottles more.While I am a Tribe girl at heart...Kevin at Tribe actually told me to go there...if I needed an alternative place to go, I would pick them in a second.  And I thought that the store was really cool.  Very laid back and they didn't make me feel like an idiot.
2	The dudes who work here are too busy being rad to be bothered with customers.  The staff at Bicycle Haus is much more friendly and helpful.
5	Thorough, honest, reasonably priced, and absolutely experts at their craft. I'm not sure what else you could ask for. Oh yea, they'll back YOU the customer with any reasonable issue you may have with a bike made by their manufacturers (Titus, Yeti, Niner, Salsa, Kona, etc etc). An admitted critical person, I have not found this to be the case with many bike shops! Pete and crew are no-nonsense Ragers bent on your MTB satisfaction.
5	A friend let me borrow his bike and I realized I had no idea how to get the front wheel off. It was completely different from any other fork, I had seen, which is kind of important when you get a flat on trail. I brought it into Rage and Pete showed me how to take it off, without making me feel like a total tool, which is excellent customer service, even IF they were laughing at me after I left. I've never had a bad experience at Rage.
5	locally owned and the guys that own/work there are nothing short of helpful, courteous, and friendly. i have even gotten a few freebies on repairs and tune-ups simply because this place is just that cool. it can be a little intimidating at first because these guys know bikes like a surgeon knows the body. they are passionate and intense about bikes, and anyone who knows mountain bikers knows they can be an "odd" bunch sometimes, so the humor can be dry and the sarcasm can be misunderstood. but so what....these dudes know bikes and they have never over-priced or done unecessary repairs for me just to make a few extra bucks.
5	I've probably approached "pest" status with the guys at Rage due to the unending stream of questions I had while assembling a bike. Everyone at the shop was extremely helpful with mechanical questions, and were even good at giving aesthetic advice. Whenever I wanted to learn how to assemble/disassemble a part, they were more than willing to give me a quick tutorial.When it came to ordering a part they were kind enough to offer multiple price/quality options and the shipping time was unusually fast.From this point forward, no matter what type of bike I'm working on I'll be a dedicated customer.
5	everytime i come here, i buy something. this time, a brand new single speed mtn bike. what was i thinking? oh yeah....legs of steel and lungs to match! well....at least i'll look like a badass trying to get those legs and lungs, even if i never do.once again, rage (Dan this time) set me up with my brand new ride. very patient and helpful with explaining tech aspects...even recognized my bewilderment at certain phrases....gently explaining in "dumbass-customer" terms what it is i should be looking for in a single speed bike. hell, i thought all i did was pedal it. which is pretty much what i do anyway. i can't believe i've ridden for 15 years and pretty much know nothing about bikes....but that's what the guys at rage are for!
5	A great bike shop!  They seem to carry all the latest & greatest stuff that I'm looking for and have always been very helpful with all of my questions.
5	Rage Cycles is a truly world-class bike shop.  Peter and his crew are true experts at all things bicycle.  They are patient and knowledgeable in a way that other bike shops simply aren't.  When I came to them with my custom project, they readily embraced it, and became an invaluable resource in my quest to build the perfect bike.  Their level of expertise is apparent, and sets them in a class above other area bike shops.  If you are looking to do anything special or tricky, these are your guys.  Highly recommended.
5	This is the second time I've been by to fix a bent wheel. The first time they were able to straighten it out, the second time they tried, but needed to get a new one for me. Even though my needs were not big, I felt like I was being treated as if I was spending $2000. When I went to pick up my new wheel, they had had an extra wheel my size lying around that was worth double what I ordered, and gave me the better one instead for the cheaper wheel price. I had previously gotten a quote from Performance Bikes (big chain) and Rage was cheaper, which surprised me. Anyway, I recommend going to Rage, it's better all around.
5	When I first moved to Phoenix I was looking for a nearby bike shop so I took a day off and went to a bunch.  I would go in the shop and check it out and see how staff responded.  My record was 4 shops in a row where no one said anything to me.  I have been to many more bike shops in Phoenix since then and those kinds of shops seem to be the rule.  Rage Cycles is not that kind of bike shop.  They won't give you attitude because they suspect you do not belong to the club.  They are willing to help anyone.  I have been talked out of spending more money because they thought it wasn't worth it.  They really care about bikes and your happiness while you ride.The only problem is they are far away from where I live.  But I keep going because they are the best.
5	so i've only been here a dozen more times and for some reason, i don't mind spending money here. probably because everyone is so damn friendly. they remember everything. like yesterday, i brought in my new bike to get tuned. Curly asked me "hey, so has that new bike replaced the Palomino?". now i haven't brought that Palomino in for a year or 2 and he STILL remembers that i have that bike!they are always fast and friendly and they host absolutely AWESOME pub rides, especially their Halloween one coming up soon. do you know they have a pump track out back! just an all around great, great, great group of guys! thanks again for taking care of me and my bike needs.
5	Good honest people. Fair prices on service.
5	Love this place! I recently got back into biking, mainly because it's so damn popular here. My last ride was a cheap basic bike I took to and from work last summer in Germany. I wanted something attractive and sturdy that wouldn't break the bank.The guys here really know their stuff, and they helped outfit me and my dad with our new Trek bikes. My dad purchased a Trek 7.1 FX and I got a Trek 7100 WSD. They put cages on our bikes, and tuned everything up when we brought them back in a month later. They even helped us out with my mom's bike (purchased from our LBS in California), which had been sitting idly in our garage for the past year.My mom's first impression of this place was that it reminded her of the surf shops in her hometown growing up in the 1970s. Great attitude, chill vibe, and love of the sport. I drive 30 minutes from North Scottsdale each time but it's worth it to have such wonderful experience!
5	great little shop.  visited Rage while in scottsdale for thanksgiving.  they have some nice stuff not normally stocked by your average LBS:  surly frames, salsa frames, all city, yeti etc.nice guys too.  they seemed to know their stuff.  pump track in the back.
5	Rage Cycles is the best.  They have come through for me when other bike shops fail.  This is now the ONLY place I will take my bikes.  Their quality of service is excellent and they get the work done fast.  I recommend them to everyone!
5	RAGE Cycles is AWESOME!
5	Awesome, this is as local as it gets!  Very knowledgable staff, in a relaxed environment.  The store is centered in an old house along Scottsdale road and features a very old yet modern take for a bikeshop.  It is like no other shop in town!  They carry great brands like Kona, Surly, and Electra.  If you are into cruisers this is the place to go, they have a very large selection.  Their mountain bikes and accessories are always in stock and do not disappoint whether you are into downhill or crosscountry.  The guys at Rage bikes have become friends over the years and I would highly recommend them for all your bicycle needs!  Trust me on this, they know bikes!  Very laidback environment, makes shopping stress-free.  They also host cruiser rides, and if you are a local, should definitely stop in and ask what they are about... always a good time!
5	rage, rage, rage....you've done it again. Rage Cycles puts on some great pub rides. This last one to celebrate their anniversary is no different. they bring out some of the most interesting personalities in their biking circle. as usual, they remember everything about their customers, and they get bike repairs done in an unusually timely manner, despite there always being dozens of bikes stacked up in the repair shop. Curly, Peter, all of them.....A1A!!!!
5	Hands down the best bike shop in the valley. Super cool staff. Great service. The ONLY place I trust to work on my bikes.
5	On a recommendation by Ian B., I recently stopped by Rage Cycles to see if they had any women's padded shorts...they didn't in my size but the guy was very helpful in pointing me to another place that might. I was impressed with that level of trying to help me out. I went to Papago for a ride the next day, and afterwards I dropped off my bike at their shop for a nice tune up. They are really nice! They don't seem to mind that I'm just starting out. One of the guys came out to take the bike off my car rack, and answered a couple of "newbie" questions for me ("is this helmet okay?" "is the bike on the rack correctly?").  What a relief -- no snooty attitudes!  Other bike shops don't seem to get that everyone -- no matter how good they may be on a bike now -- had to start somewhere. I really like this place -- Rage Cycles is now my bike shop!!
2	I want to start out by saying that I read all of the really good reviews here. I think I may have just gotten an unhelpful person, but I'd like everyone to know what happened. I moved close enough to work that I'm able to bike it full time again, so I went to Rage (based on recommendations) to get a nice road bike. I liked the fact that they had a pretty good assortment of bikes outside as well as inside, and I had a chance to look around before I was greeted and asked if I needed help. I told the guy that I was sort of new to biking in the Valley, would be going down x road, and that I had (here's where it goes VERY south) 500$ to spend. At that point, he shook his head and told me that I should go to Tempe where they have a school program where they build bikes from recycled parts and that that would be in my price range. REALLY. How condescending of you. There were bikes that were in the price range (I saw before he greeted me), he didn't even give any explanation such as, "Oh, a decent bike is $$$, let me show you why." Just acted like I am not good enough to be there, or apparently get a new bike and should buy a recycled one. (this program is actually really cool, on a side note)So, I went to Kore, where they not only answered my questions, gave outstanding sercive, and *built* me a bike- and I've returned there for more supplies and services. I am very happy I didn't give this business my money with service like that.
5	I found this place based on Yelp reviews so I feel obligated to add one more 5 star review to the mix. I needed to get a chain fixed on my bike and was not looking to spend a ton of money or hours trying to fix it myself. So I stopped by and had them take a look at it. They recommended a full tuneup to keep it in tip top shape and spent the time explaining and demonstrating why it is deserving of spending money beyond the chain repair.  I ended up passing but didn't feel like they were trying to take advantage of me. Since it was close to closing time I left the bike with them overnight and got a call late in the morning the next day for pickup. It has been as good as new ever since. Having my fair share of riding in the Valley of the Sun I'm sure I'll be back soon for some inter-tubes or a spare part for whatever craigslist bike I happen to be riding around at the time.Protip: Check out the unique bike artwork they have around the place. Also they have a small BMX (?) track in their "backyard" you can ride around and do jumps on anytime.
2	I have been here a handful of times.  I was in the market for an Electra cruiser bike for myself.  The salesman that greeted me was nice and very helpful (only reason I gave this store 2 star).  He spent a good 30 minutes with me explaining to me the different cruiser bikes they had for sale and pros and cons of each.  I decided I wanted an Electra cruiser.  He didn't have the one I wanted in stock. He said he would call Electra on Monday and order it for me.  He took my number and said he would call me when they got it in (that was back in April).  I have yet to get a phone call.  I had also placed a special order that day for a wicker basket for my daughter's Electra cruiser.  They called me that same Friday to tell me they had gotten it in.  I went in to purchase it and pick it up on Saturday only to find they hadn't gotten the basket in yet. I figured it was an honest mistake and let it go: so, I placed an order for bike pads (didn't have ANY in stock) for my son's BMX bike.  They told me the bike pads would be in the following Monday with a shipment they would be receiving, to just come on in.  I went back that Monday and they weren't there.  Needless to say, I have yet to ever go back.  As for my desire to purchase myself a cruiser; I ended up going to Sport Chalet at Tempe Marketplace and purchased an Electra Townie 3i.  It's unfortunate because Rage is just a 5 minute bike ride away from me.  It's a nice local bike shop that I would have loved to shop at and support with my business.  My kids are young and will need at least two more bikes each before they get to buy their own bikes using their own money.  :-P
5	You break it, they can fix it!  The techs and staff were very open and friendly with answering any question you have.  They have a good selection of gear and an awesome selection of bikes.  I'm not the most versed in bike repairs but I felt comfortable with the pricing, explanations of what and how it broke, and turn around time was quick so I wouldn't be left yearning to get back on the trails.  Quick and easy!  I'll use Rage for anything from my road bike tune ups to mtn bike repairs!
5	Super!
5	I live for riding bikes !!! This is my top shop for nearly 15 years! These guys are on point all day everyday. Well, Eh ya know a few times ive been in when the guys were on their periods, but all in all they are pretty much the best. Gawd can I tell you about the time I waited an eon for my parts? Eh no, never...maybe a little extra patience once or twice but nothing the main man Peter didnt take care of asap, nbd. Thanks guys you pretty much rock my bike world! These leggs will love you for life even though I make em get in the car & drive to you all the way from dt Phoenix. See you soon in real life off the inter-webbs :)
5	Halloween pub ride!!!!!! For the upteenth annual Rage Halloween pub ride, things ran a little differently. same rowdy crowd, same meetup locale, but this time, they had some serious organization going on. 5 bucks got you a wrist band for the after party, which was a big ordeal in itself....a carney show, bike wrestling, a band, and alcoholic beverages. we headed out from rage promptly after 5pm.....closer to 6pm, to Frashers for the first stop, TT roadhouse for stop 2, then to a private clubhouse/function hall area for the 3rd and final stop. hundreds of halloween dressed characters winding up and down scottsdale and 68th street is nothing less than a treat!!!!thanks again rage for a fabooooooo night of fun!
5	stopped in 2x's this week...once to buy a new tire and again today to get rear brake repaired after beating up bike again.as usual, the rage guys are uber helpful and friendly. they tell you what's wrong, give you a pick up date and get the bike fixed. and they're always more than willing to give advice on tire treads, GoPro technique, if a remote drop seat is worth it...everything they do is awesome!
5	I finally discovered the best bike shop in the Valley! These guys are fast, courteous, knowledgeable, and best of all - not full of themselves or just plain unfriendly like some of the other bike shops are (especially in Scottsdale). I brought my mountain bike in last month to be fixed, and it promptly was (within 2-3 days). While it was being fixed, I purchased a Trek hybrid for under $500 (to my astonishment). Fast forward to this last weekend, when I brought my tire in to have its tube replaced. They immediately replaced it, and I was in and out of there in about 10-15 mins. The store itself is small, yet packed with great bikes and gear - at very reasonable prices!
5	All the reviews are true. This place is the spot to go if you want great service.   Close to the house and this will be my go to place for any of my fixie needs.  Thank you Rage!!!
5	I went here for a tune up/fitting on my Schwinn Super Sport. I tend to ask a lot of questions because I love bikes and want to learn more about them. Carey was super helpful and showed me anything in the store I had a question about-from the LED's to the different types of shoes. My tune up made my bike ride WAY better and the fitting resulted in a shorter stem (which I desperately needed!)Overall, awesome place. It's pretty small so not a huge selection on bikes-but anything I need with my bike in the future, I will take to these guys from here on out.
5	These guys are the best. They know their stuff and they take great care of their customers. I went to at least 15 bike shops before I found Rage. I haven't been back to any of the others since.
5	I discovered Rage Cycles after moving back to Phoenix in 2002 from spending a few years in San Francisco. I had reverse culture shock and needed badly to revert to what I loved most - bikes. With geographic fortune on my side, I wandered into the bike shop nearest my home and and was instantly relieved - I had just found my new second home. Nearly every 'wrench' I've met there since Day 1 has given me the personal experience I had been searching for since a friend closed his shop before I moved away. Admittedly, I'm one of those people fanatic enough about bikes that I would share my bed with one, and also currently have one of my most prized custom cruisers hanging on my wall as a mechanical piece of art (which I do pull down to ride frequently)...and while I'm a very passionate bike owner, I am a horrible mechanic - hence my need for Rage. So when your garage, shed, and living room are filled with bikes ranging from grocery-getter cruisers, custom built/painted top to bottom rigs, downhill mountain and high end top dollar "all mountain" bikes, AND you know from first hand experience that working on them yourself is the worst possible idea, you need a shop like Rage that is filled with guys that not only know their shit, but share that same passion. I would 100% lay it on the line to vouch for every single person who works there to give you the bike shop experience you need...even if you're buying your first ever bike. I heart Rage, with good reason...
3	Rage cycles is a cool little bike repair / sales shop in S. Scottsdale. Its a cute little store with a couple of rooms that is organized well by bicycle type as you would assume; a few fixed (not many) road, mountain, cruiser, etc... I took in my fixie because I blew a tire on Saturday night and needed it repaired on the quick, and I don't currently have any of my old tools close. While I was there, I figured I'd have them throw in some new batteries into my lights and also rip off that front brake I never used. I was surprised they made me wait several hours as they had a lot of work to do that day, granted the work I needed would have been made easy. The negative: They never called me. After several hours, I finally called them to follow. He finally explained the sitch and told that it was actually my tire, not the tube and so forth and told me he'd call me back in 10 minutes... Again: Never called me. I called back after 30  minutes and he said that it would be ready soon. I went in to pick it up and they couldn't find my ticket, though my bike was just chillin next to the front check out desk. The positive: The store is nice, and hip. I like how indie it and not trying to be mainstream it is. Bike maintenance inside, and full on bike shop out back. Plus, they have a lot of sweet bike jumps in the back, to practice on if you are plan on buying a stunt / mountain bike. It isn't big, but its certainly above what most bike stores offer. This is the type of place I am glad exists in my neighborhood, but they could use a boost in their customer service skills.
5	Every time I come here it's nothing but helpful!!! I love these guys, I know nothing about bikes and when I have to drop off my boyfriends Fixie they get right to fixing it! We dropped it off yesterday and they said they would call us when it was ready. Probably Monday.... Two hours later they call and said it was ready to be picked up!!! They are awesome!!
5	did i mention how cool/great this bike shop continues to be? this past weekend was their annual Halloween ride and it just keeps growing and growing. hundreds of mtn biking's/cruiser/roadie halloween costumes took over the streets of old town scottsdale in solidarity for ridiculous bike riders. they put on such a great ride and are super cool about everything it entails. the night culminates at a party at the Pera club, replete with bands, food trucks, dancing, drinking and all sorts of shenanigans. the next day i stopped in just looking for a nut and bolt that had fallen off my bike and Moses found me a spare and then proceeded to basically tune up my rear chain link for free! well...i did bring by a six pack of Kiltlifter but that's beside the point. again, great bike shop with friendly and knowledgeable people!
5	I bought a beach cruiser here about 3 years ago.  They have beautiful ones that are already all done up (they are mor expensive), or basic ones you can customize on your own over time.  I chose to customize my own since I still got a high quality cruiser, yet it didn't break my bank account.  Needless to say I have always received high quality customer service, competitive pricing on parts, and fast and friendly service.  AND my bike is quite the show stopper!  Tons of complements everywhere I take it!!!  I recommend this shop!
2	The two stars are only because the guys are nice. However, we went in and asked how much it would cost to have a bike fixed. All we needed was seat and handle bars tightened. We were told it'd be no more than 10 bucks.  So, we brought the bikes in. When we got there we were told that we'd have to get the safety check and that was $38. we wanted our bikes to be safe since we'll have a trailer for my daughter on the back so we decided to go through with it.  well when we picked the bikes up the seat still moved and the handlebars fell right down, and we are $38 poorer. what a waste.
5	Went in to buy a reflective ankle strap and they were very helpful. They took the time to explain everything about strap including how they made them using old tubes from the store.
5	Rage is awesome! They always help me out and do a great job! I wish they weren't sooo far away from me!
1	I went in a few weeks ago to look around and see what these guys had, they had a few hundred dollars of merchandise behind the counter that I needed and was ready to purchase but nobody ever even acknowledged the fact I was walking around the store waiting to be helped. I even walked up to the counter several times hoping to catch the attention of staff but that didn't happen. After about 20 minutes I finally gave up and left. I hate to write a bad review but my visit was disappointing at best. The sad thing is that it's next to my house and I race mountain bikes, so I'm always in need of parts. I guess I will just have to drive somewhere else to buy what I need. I'm sure they are all nice guys that work there but I guess they just aren't willing to help everyone that walks through the door.
5	Knowledgable friendly shop. I wanted a bike converted to a 1x drivetrain. They were able to recommend a variety of components and got the bike put together and well tuned. A few hundred miles later, I'm loving the ride thanks to Rage designing and building well.
5	These guys are serious professionals and take care of business at great prices and superb craftsmanship and customer attentiveness. 10 stars if I could, bravo
1	BETTER CHECK THAT THEY ACTUALLY DO WHAT THEY SAY THEY AREA couple years ago I asked them to face and chase a bb shell for me and they were the cheapest ones by far. While it was there I also asked them to install a crank set while they were at it with an external bb. Took it apart today and they definitely did not face the bb shell and I doubt they chased it (can see paint all around). Guess they thought that if I couldn't see it that it wouldn't matterIt's fine if you tell me that I don't need it, but if I ask someone to do work and pay them for it, I expect them to do it.
5	Love Rage!  Have been taking 3 different bikes there over the years and the service and repairs have always been top-notch.   I can't believe how cheap the repair rates are, save yourself the headache and have them do the work.  Parts and accessories and surprisingly cheap, about the same as shopping online.
5	Great professional customer service ! Thanks Jeff for the quick adjustment on my TREK  and my new Giro helmet ! This shop is the top of my list for all other purchases !  great place for Christmas gifts as well !  support Local First !  ric
