5	Actors Theatre Phoenix is a really cool organization - they are supported by ticket sales of their productions and by local donors.  They've been around for over 21 years...I've been to several of their productions and hope to attend many more!  A Christmas Carol is a big one that starts soon and runs through December 23rd.  The other shows they have are always unique, deeper, though-provoking, sometimes risque, but always professional.  We need to support Actors Theatre to keep these shows coming!Actors Theatre performs exclusively at the Herberger Theater Center in downtown Phoenix. Hope to see you at a show sometime soon!
5	Yesterday I saw the Actors Theatre production of "A Christmas Carol." For me, It's just not Christmas without at least one viewing of the Dickens classic, and this version was so good and so satisfying that I may actually forgo my beloved George C. Scott this year. Fezziwig teaches at the same school I do, and told me about the discounted tickets available. Even at the regular price ranging from $20 for children 16 and under to $47.50 for adult tickets, this production is worth every penny.I was amazed by the quality of the special effects, impressed by the comedic timing, and found myself misty eyed at the end, having fully invested in the actors' performances. Even the kids were great, especially the little girl who played Fan (what a voice!) and the adorable kindergartner who played Tiny Tim (he is also "Half Day" in the Subway commercial). And in spite of the fact that I am one of those soulless people who despises most musicals, I found myself tapping my toes along with the songs. I don't want to ruin the surprises by giving too many details, but I urge you to get your tickets today. This is a show not to be missed!
4	Bah Humbug!  I finally saw "A Christmas Carol"!  I admit, I didn't really know the story of Ebenezer Scrooge before... and this production taught me well!  What an amazing cast!  I'm actually happy I saw this show as an adult as I feel I was able to really understand the message from the show... I walked out with such a good feeling!  It made me feel good about giving to Actors Theatre so that they can continue to put on this production every year, even in a down economy.  The message of each of us having the power to change ourselves and the lives of those around us for the better was portrayed really well by the cast.  Fantastic actors, costumes, set, music, etc...Whether you've seen "A Christmas Carol" before or not, this is the perfect time to go... take the kids or go solo - you will not be disappointed!
4	Andy Warhol: Good for the Jews? I won't be a spoiler and answer that question, the name of the one-man show by Josh Kornbluth playing now at Actors Theatre. I will say, the show was good for me and I'm not even Jewish. You don't need to be of any particular background to enjoy this well done production. Kornbluth used Andy Warhol's 10 silk-screen prints of the important Jews of the 20th century as a jumping off point for this show. He was commissioned to do the piece which is making its Phoenix debut. The play was a mix of historical, autobiographical and sociological musings. Kornbluth explored his own relationships with his family (he was of Jewish decent but raised atheist), Andy Warhol's upbringing (fascinating in itself) and the selection process of the 10 Jews in the exhibit. He also touched on the stories of each person (the Marx brothers were done as one set), also giving insight on their individual impacts on our world. I wish I could remember some of the brilliant lines, but I can only recall "Albert Einstein is the patron saint of 'What if?'". The performance made me want to know more about Brandeis, the first Jew on the Supreme Court. I wanted to know more about all of the featured subjects. Kornbluth is a masterful storyteller. The show is at times funny, touching and insightful. Another great thought-provoking and entertaining offering from this top-notch company.
4	Saw the premeir performance of Circle Mirror Transformation on Friday April 22. It was a great time for all, full-out laughs, suttle humor, drama, and a great cast making to work perfectly.. Make sure that you don't miss the chance to see them next year. Season tickets are surprisingly affordable. You'll be glad you went.
5	OK, this time we saw, "A Conversation with Edith Head." - WOW! Great story, great set, great performance. This is a must see for classic movie buffs. Lots of great behind the scenes tidbits. Susan Claassen was fantastic...
5	Wow! Another amazing performance from Actors Theatre of Phoenix. Hunter Gatherers is a very captivating and thought provoking play that kept the audience involved all night long. It's these types of edgy, unexpected plays that make every trip to see a new opening of Actors Theatre a joyous surprise.
5	Another amazing show from Actor's Theater!  A terrific story and completely enthralling performances by the cast.  We were lucky enough to see opening night ,and everything was Great. If you are a fan of the arts, love theater, or have been thinking of taking in a live show, this is a must see. You'll be hooked!OPUS, by Michael HollingerNov 02 - Nov 18, 2012Herberger Theater Center(Stage West)
5	Always a positive experience! My husband and I went to see the Fox on the Stairway a couple of weeks ago and thought it was great. It was funny, engaging and overall a great play. The acting was very good, wonderful character portrayal. Looking forward to seeing more plays from them soon! PS: This particular play is not suitable for kids.
4	I went to see Good People, by David Lindsay-Abaire on Friday, May 9th. The venue: Arizona Opera Center. The play is set in south Boston's lower-end. Margie, (the main character) a longtime Southie living for paycheck to paycheck, struggles to keep a job. She has an adult daughter who is mentally-challenged that is the root is all of her firings. Margie and two of her girlfriends (Dottie and Jean) discuss ways to help Margie after her recent dismissal from the Dollar Store. The play is comical, yet sad as the characters discuss the "haves" and the "have-nots". (Taken from the playbill...) "Is it strength of character or just a few lucky breaks that ultimately determines a person's fate?" What a great production! ...with a little twist at the end! :-)I've seen a couple of productions by the Actors Theatre and each time I am not disappointed. The staff and volunteers are all very nice.  Actors Theatre offer alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages and snacks before the production and during intermission. Staff, board members, and volunteers mix and mingle with guests before and after each event and during intermission. Actors join in after the production.As mentioned earlier, I've seen three productions by Actors Theatre at three different venues. Erica, Managing Director, announced that all of next season's productions will be at the Black Theatre Troupe at 1333 E. Washington Street. This will add consistency for the supporters.
