4	I bought my Acura TSX at this dealership after minimal haggling.  I don't know if it's the higher-end brand or just this dealership, but I felt much less pressure here than when buying a car in the past.  I also do my service here, and they're fantastic, albeit slow.
1	This place used to be Falconi's Acura of Las Vegas (and may still show up that way on some invoices or bills of sale) but is called Acura of Las Vegas, at the NW corner of Rainbow and Sahara.Pretty average to perhaps below average sales experience - some high pressure tactics when I purchased my new Acura, and took a long time to negotiate a fair price.  Boiler room tactics used - 4 square numbers game - 'let me go and check with the manager' over and over with a story about meeting me part way, made me sit for a while during all of this attempting to wait me out, all of the 'old standards' in car sales gamesmanship.  F&I experience was generally below average as well - lots of sales add on attempts for high price wheel and tire insurance and all of those low value high price add-ons.Service experience was very poor.  Every time they serviced my car, it came back with grease on the interior or some damage.  Even after detailing it, had grease on the interior - very poor.Their service writers, in particular, provided poor service, never checked car/did quality control when it was ready to be picked up to see if it was in proper condition, resulting in consistent poor interior condition when picked up.  Seemed to be disinterested in service.  Service writers also very disrespectful to customers in my opinion.  Some specific ones were very poor - but will not name names (but they know who they are).  Service managers also seemed disinterested in service in my opinion.For warranty work, they never had enough loaners, would send you out to a Buick dealership down the road on Sahara and rent you a Chevy Cobalt - and you would waste 1 hour round trip for the privelege, for shuttles and waiting.  I once even got stuck with the Chevy Cobalt rental bill on my credit card when I was having warranty work done (even though this was a loaner for warranty work - the car was provided through Enterprise, so all rental procedures were followed), and it took three months, many phone calls (few returned and staff turnover led to retracing ground many times) - and a very angry personal visit to get this resolved - not exactly Acura quality service.Will never use this dealership again.
1	I bought an Acura a few years back from this dealership. I no longer own that car, but for some reason I've gotten 3 calls out of the blue from some of their salesmen over the past few weeks asking me how the car is and whether or not I'd like to come back in to buy another. Are you kidding me? Car salesmen are cold-calling former customers to persuade them to spontaneously go in an buy a car? Who's stupid enough to fall for that?I hate dealing with salesmen (especially car guys) so the last thing I want is to have them call me for no reason. For that, they get one star.Now, it's time to unveil my scientifically created douche bag scale. {drumroll please...} Based on my DB scale this dealership gets 5 sacks. That's the highest amount awarded on this scale (i.e. there is no greater DB than these fine folks). That means that they can suck it 5 times over. Congrats Acura. Suck it.
