5	It doesn't matter when I come buy, they are never really busy.  I may have to wait 10 to 15 minutes or so, but the staff is friendly, quick and good at their craft.  I rather enjoy the threading process, as it relaxes me.   Now the upper lip is little bit tougher to tolerate but still worth it.
4	Stopped in to do my brows and today there are two girls working the chairs.  My girl, I usually get is busy with someone else and so when the new girl comes free, I think why not.  We started off good, but her speed got slower and slower and it felt as if she was plucking one hair at a time.  I know everyone has to start somewhere, but this wasn't as pleasant as it usually is, so, I'll keep coming back, but hopefully, with experience, she'll be faster!Always get right in without much of a wait, they do a terrific job and they are very polite and friendly.
4	The new girl I had last time isn't here today, but the owner is here, checking on her stores, I recognize her from the web site.  She is busy talking back and forth with the staff, but all the while, they are taking excellent care of my brows!  I use the punch card each time I come, so I am at my free threading after today's visit!  Great service, huge waiting area, and never busy!
5	So long, plucking! Au revoir, waxing! Hello, threading!This place is amazing. My eyebrows really don't have a natural "shape", so creating and maintaining one is always a challenge. The girls here always do a great job and I always walk out a happy customer for $10. Patel's always has deals on Groupon/Living Social, so keep and eye out for them! And it's not just for first-time clients so you can keep using them when available! This place is clean and quiet. And the service is fast - the most I had to wait was about 10 minutes. Definitely a quick and easy beautifying pit stop to a busy day!I've been to the Patel's in the Galleria Mall as well. Same excellent service can be found there, too. BUT! The eyebrow threading chairs are right next to the window, so Galleria shoppers awkwardly stand and stare at what's going on. This is the reason why I like coming to this location (plus, it's closer to my house). You get to have some eyebrow privacy!
5	Every time I leave this place my eyebrows are super clean!
2	I've been to their old location inside the meadows mall.and after when they switched in front of the mall. Ice been driving across town to diyas and when I saw this location I decided to give it a try again The lady is nice but fairly new she didn't know how to shake them and clean them also it hurts so bad when she does them..
3	First time to come here today. The lady who did my eyebrow threading didn't seem very friendly. Did not even greet customers when we came in and it was just me & my daughter. She didn't even ask me how I want my eyebrows done, but she was efficient & I think she did a pretty thorough job. It hurt a little bit more compared to the previous threadings I had with my regular threader in another place by Durango. The place looks new and empty but apparently they have been in this area for four years. I will consider coming back, I would recommend a nice greeting and friendlier face as great gestures.
1	Went by today to get ready for the holidays and they were closed? Don't know if this is permenant or something else, tomorrow I try their other location near the mall, the phone number goes to voice mail and website is just Califorina info! Hope I find them available tomorrow!
5	I am sad to say that this is the LAST day this business is planning to stay open. I have enjoyed the service and quality threading options from this location. After today, I will need to find a new eyebrow threading location. I have always left with my eyebrows looking absolutely wonderful and I receive compliments on my eyebrows whenever this location does them.
3	Not great, not bad.  I have a few cuts from the threads on my eye lids and had a breakout on my upper lip, when I am one that rarely breaks out.  It might be whatever they finish with.  My eyebrows look great otherwise.   The threader didn't greet or talked much but smiled and nodded and directed as needed.
