4	Good Seed is an Italian bistro near Princes Street which offers great vegetarian food at reasonable prices.  I've been here twice and both times the staff have been friendly and attentive, seeing to our every need from the moment we walked in the door.  The menu isn't huge, but this is sometimes a good sign and they still have a great range of starters, mains and deserts to choose from.  Both times I went for the four cheese gnocchi which is filling, delicious and hardly takes any time to arrive.  My friend loves the garlic mushrooms which look pretty tasty, along with the rest of their food.  Even if, like me, you're a meat lover, Good Seed Bistro is still well worth a look.
5	We found Good Seed by accident as we walked toward our hotel from the train station.  The food was exceptional- the flavor, presentation, ingredients; the owner/chef and his wife were very friendly and provided excellent conversation and service.  We will definitely go back if we ever return to Edinburgh!  Molto Bene!! Delish!
3	This is a nice little place on Dalry Road. I've walked past it many, many times and only recently went in for my dinner with some friends. There was no set menu as it was evening time, but the menu looked extensive and there were some nice options to choose from. I went for a chorizo sausage stew starter and a pasta bake main course. The stew was absolutely lovely - I really enjoyed it. Very flavoursome and sufficiently gooey and sloppy to constitute a stew. Very nice. The only downside is that it was gone in three mouthfuls.I wasn't too bothered with the tiny portion size for the starter, as I'd specifically asked the waitress for something hearty and filing for my main course as I was starving. The pasta bake arrived and again the portion size was very small. I have never seen such a delicate little pasta bake. These kinds of dishes are meant to have a homemade, hearty feel to them, no? Unfortunately the bake wasn't very good - I would have made it more to my liking at home. Not enough veggies or sauce or cheese. It was very dry and quite rubbery. Shame really. I was still hungry because of the small plates of food so ordered key lime pie to finish the dinner off. It was very nice too - home made apparently and it did taste lovely. I'd recommend this! The ambience is quite nice - you can hold a conversation without shouting over music and the waiting staff were very friendly, so I'd give the place a positive for that.But all in all, quite an average experience for me. Not sure I'll be back in there any time soon for dinner. I'd maybe venture the set menu for lunch as it's less expensive.
