3	Prix Fixe/Family style dinner was a good deal- it's $22.95 per person if you have a group of 4 or more (which we did- 10 people!).  The family-style meal comes with Portuguese bread, olives, salad, potato casserole, chicken with Portuguese sausage, and a seafood rice dish similar to paella.   The grilled calamari appetizer was delicious- not overcooked at all.  The decor is cozy and elegant- with tree branches intertwined along the ceiling with white lights, and a fake fireplace along the wall.  Service was ok- the dishes were kind of dumped at the table and that was the end of our server's appearance, until we received the check at the end.
4	This place feels cozy, welcoming, and romantic - not what one would expect given the exterior of the building (in a strip mall).  It's dimly lit, with little lights hanging from trees and vines. We sat next to a little fireplace, and the ambience was very nice.We started with a bowl of small marinated olives and bread, and had the Portuguese mussels as an entree ($11).  They were great, and we soaked up all the delicious broth/sauce with bread.  I had the octopus and potato stew (approx $25) in a red wine sauce.  It was flavourful, rich, and very hearty, and the octopus was perfectly cooked. Although it was good, I wouldn't make a meal of it next time (it would be nice to share with a group as an entree) - it's a little too much of the same flavour at one sitting. My boyfriend had the charcoal chicken plate (approx $19), which our waitress said was their specialty.  It was very good (especially the bites of salad I stole to cut the richness of the stew ;) ). We also had a red sangria - our waitress' own recipe. It was great, and the service was friendly.
1	HORRIBLE.Showed up, got stale bread. Took 45min to get glasses of water. The food was cold.Waitress spilt water on 2 of us.Ordered a Nata for desert. It was stale and old. Returned it. Then the waitress complained that she couldn't re sell it, squeezed it in our face arguing it was fresh. Clearly it wasn't, you could throw it at a wall and it would bounce back at you. After the horrible service, the waitress counted her tip in front of us and complained if she didn't receive a good amount.AVOID THIS RESTAURANT!!
3	Went there a few months ago but kept the card to do my yelp thing. Deco in the place was really cute to give it the euro feel. But the place was empty when we arrived and empty when we left although it was a weekday.Also it seem that one old man did it all. A one man show.Price was not that cheap and food was just OK. I had my BBQ chicken but nothing like the ones in Montreal. I was just hoping that we can have one in Montreal.Would I go back?? Maybe if I was to lazy to drive in Montreal for Partugaise food!!
