2	Not a bad destination for resale, actually, but beware the dangers of being "sold" on an item that clearly doesn't meet your needs, combined with a firm 'no return' policy.
1	After reading this review and hearing of two other bad experience by people that  have not reviewed I have to say that I would think twice about shopping or selling here.  I went by last night to check out the store at 5PM and it was closed!!!.  Hours stated are until 6PM.  I guess there are more problems with this store than dishonesty.  Too bad Elizabeth isn't there any more..........
1	I am finding it very interesting that the original owner, Elizabeth, has removed her positive review of the store.  I think I know why she chose to remove it.  I happen to share an office with Melissa and heard her side of your whole conversation.  She never once raised her voice or spoke harshly.  I also saw the Moxie check for $91, which should have been considerably over $100 as you stated above.   You can't report Melissa for harassing e-mails because there were none.  It have insisted that Melissa contact the BBB.  Consumers need to be warned about businesses like yours.
1	At the request of the owner of Lady Moxie, I have removed my original detailed review.  However I still wish to review this store as my experience has been very negative and it is only fair to others that I share my experience.I have been a satisfied Lady Moxie customer for years, and began consigning last year when the new owner had purchased the store.  Things went fine, and the current owner was always pleasant.  This however changed when I had a question regarding my account.  There was no professionalism in the owner's lack of response or even attempt to resolve the issue.  After the owner's false account of the situation and false accusations of harassment and finally being called an inappropriate name by the owner, I felt it was necessary to file a complaint with the BBB.  With the help of the BBB's involvement and proof of my experience from the owner's personal facebook email to me, and personal Yelp responses to me, I am happy to say that I received the remaining amount owed to me.  If you do choose to consign at this store, make sure to track the items you have consigned and request a print out of your items with the prices.
1	I don't know if this store is now closed or if their hours just aren't accurate, but I've been by twice in the past two weeks during the stated "open" hours, only to find the door locked and no one inside. I tried calling several times, but I wasn't able to leave a message because the mailbox was full (and no one ever answered). Very frustrating and disappointing. I've heard good things about the selection and was very excited about shopping here for a vintage dress that I could wear to my wedding -- but after trying so many times, I've given up and gone somewhere else. :-(
1	Store now closed.  Article from Madison.com http://host.madison.com/wsj/news/local/ask/sos/sos-women-will-have-to-wait-to-get-consigned-clothing/article_c7c1080e-745e-11e1-b871-001871e3ce6c.html?mode=story
