3	I'm not a huge fan of Wetherspoons, but when I heard they had taken over the abandoned, rundown bingo hall in Musselburgh, I was rather happy - for whether I like drinking in their pubs or not, they do do a fantastic job in renovating buildings otherwise left derelict. The Standing Order in Edinburgh, for example. The David Macbeth Moir (named after a Musselburgh 19th century resident poet and physician) is another excellent repair job. Having never been in the bingo hall itself (I'll be honest, I didn't even know it was open during my lifetime), the sheer size of the venue is a little jaw dropping when you walk inside and the art deco touches are lovely as are the nods to other Musselburgh notaries such as Yvonne Murray. It makes me a little sad that in a few years from now, the marks of Wetherspoon time will tell and some of the glory will naturally fade. We visited on a Sunday night - it was quiet, and barely any lagers left on tap. Having been driving for a few hours on a Dumfries round trip, I was dying to use the bathroom, which is tucked away upstairs. Big expansive rooms, would have been useful if they, like the beer were well stocked - me and my poor bladder were reduced to running from stall to stall in a desperate attempt to find toilet roll. Finally, sanctuary was found, but it was a close call. Overall - nice job on the decor JD, and not a terrible addition to the Musselburgh high street, but not overwhelming either. Would be interesting to see what the place looks like on a Friday night...
5	If it's not the Leith Beer Co, this tends to be where my boyfriend and I go out at night. Like most 'Spoons, the beer is cheap and the food is half-decent and well-priced. Service is pleasant and you can always get a seat. Not to mention it's only 15-20 minutes away from Portobello by bus...
1	Not had a very good experience using this weitherspoons compared to the rest food was cold when served staff were never around waited for ever on food even thou it wasn't busy weren't very accommodating to kids
4	I love this pub. It's in a converted Cinema and they have movie posters from the golden age of Hollywood.I have not tried the food, only the Beer.There us always a rich and varied selection of regular Beers & Lagers along with Real Ales, including seasonal and guest ales too.Old Jock from the Broughton Brewery and Abbot Ale by Greene King are two of my favorites.Staff are amongst the happiest and friendly I've seen in a pub.
5	I don't know if its just me but I found the layout of this place a bit strange, it doesn't feel like a pub/restaurant, more like a lounge where people would come to relax and read a newspaper, but I loved it! The food was served super fast and was delicious and prices were even better, so overall a great experience!
3	Probably better for drinks than food I would say. Food is cheap but you get what you pay for and it seems to be served really quickly, all pre heated kinda stuff. Reminds me of school dinners lol. They have most drinks behind bar except coca cola. Its pepsi! Lift for the disabled, toilets, and beer garden. Its a big place and does get busy at times
