5	Never seen one of these outside of a mall, so you can imagine my surprise when on my way to my typical sandwich shop, I spotted this hidden gem, and to boot, it had a drive-thru. Shut. Your. Mouth. Service was friendly, just remember that they're frying up your Dog on a Stick when you order it, so it's not lightning-speed service; you may have to wait a bit, but it will be oh-so-worth-it. Keep your peepers open, because if you blink you'll drive right by it!!
5	First of all, I should tell you I have a serious addiction to HDoaS. I love all their food and drink, and I do not think I've ever had a service issue to complain about. So, this review is going to be all positives. Pretty much you're going to read this for my recommendations!I always get the same three things here: the beef hot dog and the pepper jack on a stick and a regular lemonade. They're the best things on the menu, I believe, and really the best way to introduce people to HDoaS. See, it's the simple stuff here that delivers. The hot dogs are quality Nathan's (I think) so you're not getting value-brand stuff. It shows when you bite into a hot dog -- the meat is still fairly moist and flavorful, and you can tell it's legit comfort food. The cheese, too, is perfect. It comes out super hot and gooey, and you need to take your time getting to it. There's actually somewhat of a science to this: you can't get to it too quickly or it'll be too hot, and you can't wait too long or it'll be too cool. You really have to Goldilocks it, and my informal scientific study reveals the magic wait time to be around 45 seconds from presentation to consumption. Results may vary, so have the lemonade available for when you burn your mouth. Having said that, I accompany my foodstuffs with lemonade. I don't go for the different flavors they offer (lime, cherry, frozen) because I think the original is perfect. It ain't broke, don't fix it...As mentioned before, they make the food to order. That means your order could take about two minutes, so don't be upset. It's worth it. Also, just so you know, this place is not a budget eatery like Taco Bell. If you wanna eat a ton for $5, this place isn't your best bet. I spent $18 today on two combo meals plus a cheese. Totally worth it, though. This particular location has a more expansive menu featuring chicken and other stuff. I've never ventured outside my comfort zone with their food, so I cannot report on their worth. Probably also really good, though.
5	Great food! #MustTry Cheese on a stick, Veggie Dog on a stick, Cherry Lemonade & fries Excellent service and very upbeat staff! Thank you!!!
5	Yes, I'm giving Hot Dog on A Stick 5 stars! I have nothing negative to say about my experience, it was actually above and beyond what I would ever expect from a Hot Dog on A Stick. I had only seen Hot Dog on A Stick in the food court at the mall before, so I was surprised to see a location in a small shopping center AND it has a drive-thru! Score! I was greeted by Casper, who went over the menu and specials. On Mondays & Wednesdays you can get double stamps on your rewards card. After you buy any 13 items you get 1 free! Don't forget to ask for a card! Casper also said that when it comes to drink sizes, the souvenir cup is $4 and some change, but you get $2 refills. This ends up a great deal if you plan on coming back. Casper also gave me a sample of their new orange lemonade flavor and it was refreshing.I started out with a "Cheese on a Stick" priced at $2.85 and chose the American cheese (they also have pepper jack). Yum! This one isn't as big as the regular hot dog on a stick, but is very cheesy and was my favorite! Next I had the "Beef on a Stick" priced at $3.35 and again was pleased. The corn dog was made with an all-beef Nathan's hot dog. The corn dogs are battered and cooked fresh to order and both of mine were cooked perfect. Aside from corn dogs, on the menu you will find funnel cake sticks, french fries, hot dogs (in a bun!) and of course lemonade that is made fresh about every 2 hours in a variety of yummy flavors.
3	Can't say I've ever been a fan of Hot Dog on a Stick. I wasn't ever really into corn dogs. So this chain has never been on my list.But they do make a tasty limeade.Until I heard about this Hot Dog on a Stick outside of a mall, I was mostly oblivious to the notion that Hot Dog on a Stick pretty much only existed inside mall food courts. So to now have a location not only outside a mall, but with a drive-thru? It's like a Hot Dog on a Stick fan's wildest dream come true.Anyway, if you're familiar with their product, it's the same stuff. When I went through their drive-thru, I guess it took a long time to get my food because they gave me some free fries for the wait. That was a nice surprise.
4	Love it!!  Really great corn dogs and the Cheese on a stick tastes just like a grilled cheese sandwich!! Yum!!Great little lunch place!!
5	I love hotdog on a stick, I hate going to the mall. When I got word of this free standing location, I ignored my gluten free diet and indulged. It was so good, I got 3 corn dogs and 2 lemonades. It was one of the best meals I had in months. It's very expensive for what it is, but worth every penny!
4	Hot Dog on a Stick, my jam when I cruise the mall.What's not to love, freshly battered and fried hot dogs, turkey dogs, and cheese on a stick. They are heaven. They also serve up the best freaking lemonade I've ever had in my life. Shout out to Cherry Lemonade, I love you.This location also offers fries, chilli cheese fries, and just plain ol' chilli. On my visit, I got a turkey dog and pepper jack cheese on a mother freakin' stick. Just as awesome as it is at the mall without all the teenagers behaving like teenagers.Service was quick and friendly. The store was super clean. This location has a drive-thru and a frequent lemonade card. Buy 12, get your 13th free.
5	What hot dog on a stick with a DRIVE THRU! Hell ya I don't have to go to a mall to get a lemonade and a corn dog. They guy in the drive was super nice. Offered us a free sample of their new orange lemonade. I ended up ordering one of those too. It was quite tasty! It's a very tight turn though so watch out big trucks.They have a punch card to earn free stuff too. You get one punch per item you buy. Double punches on Mondays & Wednesdays.
4	I think it's neat that they have this location.Went to the drive thru today and they have the traditional menu but maybe even a bit more. The prices are the same as I remember. The food is also the same. It's good! The girl at the window was nice. The knew the menu well and knew the combos well. I get the three lemonade flavors mixed btw. try it!I'm not giving it 5 stars because they aren't the best corn dogs. They aren't a 5 star corn dog. They are good, very good, but yea.. Not like a fair..My one complaint is that the drive thru was a bit dirty.The corn dogs take the same "about three minutes" as the locations in malls.
3	Being from Texas, and not a fan of malls, I had no idea what this place was when I drove by after moving in nearby. But that changed today.Swung through the drive thru today after my workout- gotta stay fat somehow, right?In any case, the line wasn't long but the wait kind of was: was probably probably in line about ten minutes.Ordered the beef hot dog on a stick and the american cheese on a stick. No clue what to expect, I usually just hit up Sonic when the random corndog craving strikes. But with the rave reviews here, surely this place was something special.Got home and shared my treats with the BF: I got a bite or two of the dog with some regular Frech's before he inhaled the rest with some spicy brown mustard. Both of us were perplexed by the cheese on a stick (american)- seems like it's supposed to be their take on a grilled cheese, and it's not bad, just... odd. Probably won't be by often, but definitely giving an extra star for the spicy brown mustard- will scoop up an extra packet or three next time I go in.
3	Not like it used to be. Maybe the psychological effects of being in the mall made it better when I was younger. Either that or the quality just isn't the same...like most things. I need a nap now.
5	This place is just good. I like that the corn dogs are all beef and made fresh to order. I like to come on double stamp days (Mondays and Wednesdays) because my card fills up fast and then when it does I get a free menu item. The employees are friendly and remember you. If you want to sample any of the lemonades just ask and they will give you a taste. The beef on a stick is always good but the pepper jack cheese on a stick goes nice with it. The cheese on a stick isn't too spicy but still has a nice little zing. I tried the funnel cake sticks and they were made perfect. Not much greasy and not as sweet as they appeared. There is a drive thru here if you don't want to go inside.
4	I love cheese on a stick and I was so craving one but I didn't want to go to the mall to get one so, my daughter said that there was a place on Charleston near her college and so I went to check it out and the service is great and of course love my pepper jack cheese on a stick I sure glad I don't live anywhere close by or else I would be here every other day and that would mean trouble lol and hitting the gym.  This place is pretty big and just like the mall great lemonade and sticks.  Check them out they even have Nathan's hot dogs now so if you like hot dogs this is a great inexpensive place to eat .  Happy eating  xoxoxo
5	Awesome!! Hot Dog on a Stick with a drive through! What else could we want in life!!
5	I love the corn dogs at Hot Dog on a Stick!  Always fresh and hot.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Not having to go to a mall to satisfy my corn dog craving is a huge plus!
5	The hotdogs are turkey you can get beef or a veggie a stick . The lemonade is made old fashioned way . They are clean and simple
3	I remember going to hot dog on a stick at the meadows mall when I was like 13 and it was goooood. I remember the goofy uniforms the employees had to wear and laughing when I saw someone I knew who worked there =p. I was hungry after work but didn't want something heavy. I remembered hearing this place had opened up and had a drive thru! It isn't too far from work so I headed over. I missed the place the first time around. You have to turn into the shopping center with the stop light to get into the parking lot otherwise you can't get to the restaurant. Eventually after turning down a side street and turning again I was back on Charleston and turned into the plaza. I made it! I ordered a beef hot dog on a stick and a pepper jack cheese on a stick. It was almost $7 for the 2 items. I don't normally buy corn dogs so I don't know if the price is good, but $3 something for a corn dog seems a bit high to me. It took a few minutes to prepare my food but when I bit into the corn dog it was warm. Same thing with the cheese. I expected hot gooey and cheesy but it was just warm. Even the batter on the outside wasn't crunchy. I was disappointed. The food was good, but I was expecting more. Maybe I went on an off night? Maybe that is the normal temp of their foods? I know they are supposed to batter and cook everything fresh to order so I don't really know what the deal was. I probably will try them again if I'm in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
4	I grew up with this place! My cousins worked at the one in the meadows, and my mom would leave me there while shopping at Macy's. Then, there's the OG at the SM pier. Glad we have a drive through, at ours. Glad I don't have to be in SM! Everytime we go, we get discounts. I don't eat hot dogs, but they offer vegan and turkey. The vegan tastes so much like a hot dog, it's scary.
5	This is like a childhood favorite. Love that they have turkey corn dogs and that you no longer have to go to the mall to get them. The girls that work there have really good customer service or friendly and polite
2	Eh, it was ok, but I have definitely had better.We were on this side of town and super excited to see this place. My teen is a huge corn dog lover and we have gotten these at the mall a bunch of times. Not sure if this is just something you have to eat as soon as you get it, but we did the drive through and drove 20 minutes home and by that time they were pretty meh :-( Corn dog loving teen ate 1/2 of 1 of the 2 she got and was done. I got the new mini corn dog bites and ate them in the car and they were pretty bad even being piping hot. The tiny hot dogs were tough and when you tried to bite it in half, the whole thing came out leaving the corn dog shell. We got two combo meals, an extra turkey dog on a stick (cheapest option) and the mini bites and it was $26 something. Seemed very over-priced to me. Combo meals are $7-$8 each, so for a family of 4 you are easily over $30. Price wouldn't have been so terrible if it had been decent, but it wasn't. I think we just like the ones at the malls better. To leave this on a better note, I will say that the employees were very friendly, so that's always nice :-)
