5	I've been bringing my dog to this office for the past 4 years. I have never had a unpleasant experience yet. The doctor is really nice and understanding. He has given discounts to me many times when I was unable to afford full treatment. The staff is very friendly also and they seem genuinely interested in the animals well being.
5	This is a great animal hospital. I would recommend it to anyone in search of a caring and capable Vet.My dog (a Jindo) is 13 years old and somewhat crippled. I called Seven Hills and she was seen within an hour. She had two claws that were infected and needed to be removed. She needed to be sedated for the procedure.I was somewhat worried about the process but had complete faith in the Vet and his med techs.I carried her in to the hospital...but she walked out on her own and is on the mend.This is definitely a place that has a capable staff and a caring attitude. I recommend it highly to anyone who expects a very high level medical experience for their pet.
5	Great caring office!  My Boston Terrier started limping out of nowhere and I was worried that I was going to get dragged over hot coals or at least my bank account was...  Took him in to see the doctor and was inspecting x-ray and blood work and anything else that may have been invented that I could be charged for but was very pleasantly surprised.  The doctor felt his knee and hip and told me to take him home and just have him rest and take it easy.  He suspected that my dog may have pulled a muscle and to have him rest for a few days and see if he gets better BEFORE WE RUN TESTS!  I was shocked!  I was an instant fan!A few months later I found a dog and took him to Seven Hills to see if they could scan him to find his people.  They scanned him and called his people to come pick him up.  So nice!I'm sad that I have moved to the other side of Henderson...  But, they are worth the drive!
5	My cat, Benny, comes here and I am amazed at how they treat him and how amazing the service is here. He had an ear infection and they were easily able to clean his ears and determine what was causing this infection. The staff is beyond wonderful and goes the extra mile to make sure my cat feels comfortable and is getting the right service. I would not take my cat anywhere else since I have taken him here. I love how close it is to my house as well and the hospital is very well kept. I will definitely be taking my cat here for check ups because this place is amazing and they do care about your pet. I would recommend anyone to come here and bring your pet.
5	Our dog got suddenly ill and had to be put down the next day. The staff here was amazing, answered all my questions, helped us make a very hard decision and was there with us through the whole thing. Very compassionate and understanding! Highly recommended!
5	I highly recommend this place.  We brought our Pembroke Corgi in after he had caught his toenail and his foot was bleeding heavily. They took us in immediately and were so helpful.  The staff and doctor were compassionate and straight-forward; we didn't feel we were being taken advantage of in any way.  We're relieved to have found a veterinarian's office that we like and we'll definitely be bringing our dog here for his regular check-ups going forward.
5	These doctors and staff are the best I've been to in years. Their compassion for animals and helping our family deal with our loss was more than I ever expected.  I recommend this Vet ( either doc ) as the truly provided great service.
5	I brought my cat in to get his teeth clean and they did a great job. He is eight years old and had really bad teeth. When I picked him up from the vet after his teeth cleaning I checked out his teeth and they looking awesome. No more tarter! Made his teeth look clean and almost like he was a kitten again. Also I loved that they would call to give me updates on him. Thank you seven hills for your great work. Xo Kayla & pretty boy
3	I came here to bring our cat because he was throwing up. The vet was ok but really gave me the impression there was seriously something wrong with my cat. I know he has a murmur but they suggested testing, and I felt those testings would have been invasive. They also push for science hill food. That I wasn't happy about. I did switch my cat partly from dry food to wet/dry but with a better brand. After doing a little research I found out some pets die of cancer from science hill food, and it's the even the healthiest.We left just with the shot for him throwing up and actually had a better experience with Green Valley Animal Hospital months later. The technician though was a very nice.
5	This is such a wonderful hospital! I will always take my pets here and have always trusted the doctors as well as the staff. Not one of them have been rude to myself or my friends I have referred. None of my pets have been mistreated, they are treated like family. We always get the care they deserve. THANK YOU SEVEN HILLS PET HOSPITAL.
5	Last Sunday morning we noticed that our 14 year old miniature dachshund "Star" had a swollen left eye that was covered with pus.We were very concerned since he could barely open his eye. We called the 7 Hills Pet Hospital and they said that they would see him right away. Dr. Sabharwal examined Star and diagnosed the problem as an infection. They gave Star a shot of antibiotics and treated his eye with ointment. They also prescribed antibiotic pills and ointment for us to administer twice a day. Dr  Sabharwal had said that the infection would be cured in approximately 5 to 7 days. Today is Thursday and the infection appears to be almost completely cleared up. I don't see how this could have gone smoother. Two thumbs up!
5	I came from Fresno CA on a visit and my Lola was not feeling well. Dr Sabharwal came highly recommended by a friend. She was very calm and comfortable while there. Even though she hates her nails being cut and was quite difficult, she was very happy and feeling so much better afterwards and after getting her allergy shot. She loved the Dr and made a new friend. Prices were great which is always a concern when you have to take your animal to thw vet.
5	I highly recommend Dr. "S". Him and his staff understands pets very well. I'm so glad that I found this hospital on Google.I have been taking my Golden Retriever (Max ) to other Vet hospital for years and let me tell you that for them our pets are not more than a dollar sign.But, not at SEVEN HILLS PET HOSPITAL. They know how to take care of your fur-babies. I've referred couple of my friends to this hospital and they were beyond happy. Dr. S and his staff totally devoted to animals. He has the best technology and knowledgeable staff and to me it's the best combination for my MAX.They actually give you estimates and explains you the whole procedure/options of what they think is best for your pet. And, the best part is that they are open seven days a week. Hands down the best Pet Hospital in Henderson NV. Do yourself a favor and visit them, if you really care about your Furry babies.Thank You Seven Hills Pet Hospital
5	Thank You Yelper's. I decided to change vet's. It was a good choice. The staff is very friendly and the Doc did not to try to upsale me in test and other nonsense stuff as they do at Banfield. I was surprised that it was a hella lot cheaper then Banfield too,I only took 2 dog's in for a small problem and every time I went to Banfield, I would pay $250 to $300 per dog sometimes. Today I got out just over $200 for 2 dog's with test and med's for both. I would have never gone to Seven Hills Pet Hospital if I had not found you wonderful people on Yelp. Thank You all.
2	Just moved to the area and my puppy wasn't feeling well. Coughing and such.. so of course I yelp veterinarian and this place got 5 stars, wow! I'm there!I get there and the assistant seems very bored. Kinda blaissez, asks me a few questions about my pup. Then Doc S comes in and holy shmoly the cloud of smoke followed him in. Honestly could hardly concentrate on what he was saying b/c my eyes were burning from the smoke. I even told him he should stop smoking that's it's not good for him. LOL ...After all of 5 minutes examining my dog he says he has allergies and will give him a shot of steroids and an antibiotic$122 later I left with smokey smelling pup... hmm I'll keep looking for a new vet
5	I absolutely love it here! The staff really knows how to make you feel comfortable and welcomed, especially in times when your babies aren't in the best of health. I highly recommend and favor Dr. Keo, he is so caring, knowledgeable and very experienced. I won't see anyone else. I love how great Flora is with my dog, it's as if he was her own. Though it's a bit much, I pay the extra $40 doctors visit fee on a Saturday just to see these two. Seriously!
1	I am so completely disappointed in the vet and staff. My dog, Bob was not properly diagnosed, calls to the Vet were not returned and they just really didn't care.When I asked if they were familiar with glucose testing I could do at home, they were clueless.I asked the right questions. I believed them in them, what a mistake that was.Now, Bob is gone. He suffered and he didn't have to.I have to live with that guilt for the rest of my life. When I called them to get my other dog's records, they didn't even ask about Bob.I was there with him almost every week for 2 months and spent well over $5000.Shame on all of you. Shame on you.I don't know know why Yelpers would find this review funny
