5	I love Hoodlums! I had little hope for this tiny record store located at the bottom of ASU's Memorial Union. Not only was it small, but I was sure it would cater to the biggest pop records of the day.I was completely wrong. Although Zia's may be larger, I'm almost always certain to find better deals and more interesting records at Hoodlums despite the smaller sections. They always seem to be playing something I haven't heard before that peaks my interest ranging from jazz to electronica to indie. A good record store or any store should make you feel like a valued customer, and Hoodlums has done that in spades. Their Music Junkie card gives you an extra $1 off most albums (including used) once you've earned it, and I've always been warmly welcomed there. I've loved the music conversations I've had with the employees and the owner.It may seem like a pain to get on to ASU's campus to go record shopping, but it's worth it if you love music.
5	When I was an ASU student, I lost track of time when I was in Hoodlums. This music store rocks!!! Located in the Memorial Union, the store is like a smaller version of Zia. The staff knows their music so be sure to hit them up with any questions you may have or even throw some music trivia there way. They love to be challenged! The store typically hosts live concerts and autograph signings a few times a semester so keep your ears open.
5	Hoodlums is the Bomb! I've been going there for my music ever since my first semester at ASU in 2003. I never buy new music anywhere else. I'm sad that they won't be in the MU anymore but I'm confident the owners will select a spot that is optimal and keep the students at ASU in mind while doing so. I wrote my FULL review on this business on my blog.http://www.asublog.net/2008/06/27/hoodlums-looks-to-stay-in-da-hood/
4	I just stopped by Hoodlums' new location in south Tempe next to Changing Hands Bookstore.  It looks like they have gotten things going well so make sure you stop back if you haven't yet.
3	I'm a pretty loyal Zia customer, but I was in the general vicinity of Hoodlums the other day with some time to kill so I decided to drop by...Compared to Zia, the selection is super small. They'll be happy to order anything for you, they're very clear about that, but I'd rather be able to find it, you know, not come in, order it and have to come back.I'm not much of a vinyl guy myself, but they do have a good-size selection of records if you're into that sort of thing. Maybe even more than Zia, but don't quote me on that. Like I said, that's not my bag. They even sell record players.Super friendly service - the clerk checked with me to see if I'd been in before, and then when I told him I hadn't, proceeded to explain the layout of the store - very helpful, since it's actually a little confusing (see next observation).Not a big fan of their organization system - they've got their CDs by genre of course, but then above each section, there's a row of $5.99 sale CDs. So if you're looking for something you've got to check both places, which is kind of annoying. And this isn't blatantly obvious - the clerk had to point it out to me, so after making my way through the stacks once, I had to start over. They also file tribute albums under the artist being tributed (not sure if that's a word, but if not, it probably should be),  so the Easy Star All-Star album Radio Dread is with the Radiohead CDs, not with the Easy Star All-Star CDs. Doesn't make sense to me - CDs should be under the artist's name, right?Overall, cool place - I'd stop back by if in the area, but I wouldn't make a special trip, not with Zia right across the street from work...
5	I'm a die-hard Hoodlums fan. I was there in 1998 when they started up, and I'm happy to say that I still can shop there in 2008! After the disastrous ASU Memorial Union fire, I saved up all my CD-buying until Hoodlums relocated from the MU to their current location on the southwest corner of Guadalupe and McClintock in Tempe. I don't know how they do it, but there is musical magic going on at Hoodlums. The staff there truly know their musical stuff ~ if you are in need of musical advice, they will actually make recommendations based on your tastes. The range of the CDs available is joyfully eclectic. I'm always in the mood for a treasure hunt at Hoodlums to see what new and cool music I can find, and they never fail to have in stock some artist that I have never heard of but that is a worthy addition to my collection.So, in summary, go to Hoodlums, enjoy the in-store music, browse for a while, buy a few CDs (I attempt to limit it to 6 or less on each trip!!), and then stop by the Trader Joe's for some wine to go with your new musical selections! Repeat as needed.
4	Hoodlums has a lot of rare finds, I must say this.I've relied on them a little shy of 10 times for a good spontaneous find and they've come through.Though you can't go there to get the most mainstream of CD's, you can however find that CD that's lingered in your mind for the previous 4 months that you had already classified as unobtainable. Not to mention the posters that haven't been seen in circulation since 2000never (got a one off sigur ros print last xmas from the gf :D)They offer the option to listen to any used CD before you buy, a two week return policy, and the chance to special order something they don't have.Hoodlums is a good friend in music.The owner is a pretty nice guy too.
5	It's still my favorite record store in the Valley. They may not have the selection of Zia or the big chains, but this little storefront has wayyyy more character. Owners Steve and Kristian genuinely care about their customers and know most by name. I was saddened when their little corner in the ASU union burnt to a crisp, but so glad to see they reopened in this hip stripmall in the middle of Tempe suburbia. Who woulda thunk it? They offer hard-to-find and indie-store-only releases you can't find at Best Buy. The prices are fair. They aren't intimidated by Lucky Man's fees and sell tickets at the right prices. And their little cove of a stage puts on some cool shows. It shows that this is a genuinely cool place just because they immediately became part of the neighborhood the day they moved in. I love the collaborations with Mac's and Changing Hands next door. All the more reason to stop by often even though I'm not in the neighborhood.
5	Hell yes... I only found this place because I was going into Changing Hands for a new book and saw MUSIC in giant letters two doors over.  Since I'm always looking for indie music stores, I checked it out.  Walked out with 4 used CDs for like $17.  This is the type of place I love stumbling across.  With my first experience there working out so well and its proximity to Changing Hands (and a bar in between those two, not sure of the name, but I will definitely be checking it out) I'll be returning frequently.Staff is very cool, good selection of vinyl, and the best prices on used discs anywhere I've seen (better than Zia's).
5	Hands down the best local record store...Steve & Kristian are awesome guys and I'm so glad they found a great location to re-open at after the MU fire...Highly recommended.
5	Excellent local store that, honestly, has greatly benefited from moving away from the college campus. Great selection, rare treats, and highly pleasant staff.
3	Hoodlums is a nicely organized store with a listening station, a place for local bands to set up and a decent selection of vinyl.The staff will frequently tell you that if the store doesn't have what you're looking for, it can be ordered. New CDs are set up alphabetically with used CDs sorted semi-alphabetically above the new ones. You could be in there a long time trying to find what you want though. CDs are in multiple places and prices seem to differ from the last time you were there. The listening station is rarely crowded and staff  is usually quick to look something up for you. The selection could be far better on alternative music and Hoodlums doesn't pay much for used CDs.This place does support local bands though and even puts on events like "HoodStock" to raise money for causes.
4	During my ASU days, this was my place to buy music.  Most of it was not actually on the shelves, but they would order it and (usually) have it there the next day, and it would still be priced well.  The people who run the place have always been very friendly, and they sincerely care about their product.  Not only was it a great place to buy music, but it was nice just browsing around for a few minutes if I had a break.  I consider this place an important part of my ASU experience.Sadly, those days are gone.  They are now located in an out-of-the-way strip mall (not that the ASU location would've worked any better for me).  I have gone back and visited, and it just is not quite the same experience it was at ASU.  Their willingness to order whatever I want, which I considered their biggest asset, is no longer a convenience for me.  At least I still have my music junkie card and free t-shirt I got on the 20th CD purchase, and all the fond memories.
5	The staff at hoodlums is very friendly and knowledgeable. They have a great selection and will special order anything you want if it's not in the shop. Cool Art!! Fun Posters and unusual gifts!! Stop in, you won't be disappointed.
5	I'll admit it. I'm a card carrying Music Junkie. I have been since Hoodlums was located in the basement of the MU at ASU Main Campus. I even have the t-shirt and paper ID card to prove it. I was sorely disappointed when the MU fire forced hoodlums to close down and move, and figured it was the end of an era. No more spending lunch money on used movies and music. No more spending hours thumbing through each and every CD or vinyl in the store. No more days spent listening to artists I'd never heard of before, only to drop my last nickles and dimes to get their latest album. Hoodlums is solely responsible for my movie and music collection/addiction.Then I went to Changing Hands a long while later, and what before my wondering eye's did appear? A record store! Hoodlums opened up in the center of Tempe, and has since become the center of a locally minded cadre of music lovers. What was even nicer was walking in, after what seemed like an eternity (but probably closer to a year), and hearing someone say "Hey Joe." Yes, my friends, it was the same crew working the store that had manned the registers downstairs at ASU, and they remembered who I was. If there is one thing to be said about these guys, it's that they treat their customers with the utmost respect and familiarity, remembering names, faces, and what kind of music/movies you enjoy. Talk about feeling right at home in store. Ok, I'll stop spouting my love for this place for a moment and get on to a review. New and Used CD's, Movies, and an incredible, quickly growing vinyl section. If they don't have it, they probably can order it for you, and will do so gladly. Prices are all reasonable; its a local store, not a giant mega-corp, so they aren't gouging you on anything. The quality of the used items is good: they preview movies, cd's, and vinyl before they make it to the store sales floor. If there's a slight problem with the item, they'll either not take it, or make it known to the customer before buying it.Check out the local shows that they put together with Changing Hands Books and Spraygraphic Art. From Album Art shows, to Record Store Day, to the  We Live Here yearly art show the monthly movie night, live in store sets and appearances, Hoodlums has transformed from a staple of ASU to a staple of Tempe.
5	What once was lost, now is found!! I came across Hoodlum's quite a while ago on accident. I saw the sign that said music for a few weeks and thought it was an instrument retailer. Was I pleasantly wrong. After eating lunch one day at Mac's next door, I walked in there wanting to see what it was about. The guy (not sure his name but I think it's the owner) was super friendly and gave me the tutorial of his system. Awesome!!! I went in there to look and found CD's I've been sporadically searching for in record stores for years. Stuff that I've owned multiple times and have had stolen or lost or whatever over the years. Stuff from bands I used to see from the good 'ol days of all day rock fests out at Compton Terrace or Electric Ballroom or Mesa Amphi or Boston's, Gibson's and even Long Wong's!!! Needless to say, if you want it, they'll have it. And based on experience if they don't have it and you want it, THEY'LL GET IT!!! Thanks for my Phunk Junkeez CD!!! Support these neighborhood record shops. They're interest in music is the same as yours!!
5	A true gem...I too was a regular hoodlum in the MU basement between classes during my undergrad....I'm glad to see that Hoodlums has only changed locations, but not it's quality or atmosphere.I too was super-bummed after the MU fire forced Hoodlums to relocate, but this place still rocks.I stopped by yesterday to sell a few dvds, and pick up some new music.  Hoodlums is still the ultimate place to do that in Tempe.The store is a great place to find unique music and still get vinyl.I highly recommend Hoodlums for anyone who loved it when it was on campus or for anyone looking for hard to find music....or just a great place to browse and find out about new artists.
4	Pretty good selection of vinyl but they could do with a few more of the obscure selections.  I'm a man who loves to dig crates and uncover lost treasure.
5	Hands down, the best Tempe record shop... period.
4	if you know you know!  hoodlums is a great little staple of a music store.  great location, friendly and super knowledgeable staff.  listening station is always loaded with really cool stuff, and the art on the walls is always talking to me....saying buy me and be as cool as this place.  plus i always am intrigued by the wonderful and (@ least to me) unknown music choices they play over the store speakers.  really great place.
5	Good spot. Would liked to have seen a little more organization in the vinyl (ie. Maybe add markers showing alphabet), but had fun looking through old stuff.  Bought five records.
3	LIKE:- Friendly, personable *customers* - Friendly, personable *staff*- Best place to find Mojo back-issue CD comps.- Good local music selectionDON'T LIKE:- Unbelievably crowded parking lot. Really sucks. :(- No paper zines (Hoozdoo doesn't count.) And it's next to a bookstore.- No Cocteau Twins, no This Mortal Coil, no 80's-era 4AD.- No Syd Barrett-era Pink Floyd. All of which has been reissued.
5	Lately, I have been making more and more visits to Hoodlums.  Part of this is my own move towards a more vinyl-based music collection.  Hoodlums has a respectable vinyl section, and I can always find two or three I like each time I'm in the store.The staff is still friendly.  They still honor the old "music junkie" cards, despite discontinuing the program, which is a nice gesture.The best part is all the free events they have.  There's not always a lot to do on a Friday or Saturday evening in the East Valley, so the free shows and movies they organize are definitely welcome.Hoodlum is still the best record store around, and they're doing all they can to turn me into an even bigger music junkie.
5	Great neighborhood music store.  These guys are the best!  Extremely knowledgable, helpful, and just plain fun!  If you're into music or entertainment of any kind, start visiting this local music store.  You won't be disappointed.
4	For being the avid record collector that I am; I am surprisingly pleased with this place.At first, I did not like the way Hoodlums was organized, but I got over it quickly because I always seem to find something there that I want. It's got a surprisingly well stock amount of used records. I figure, I love to buy local, but new vinyl is always cheaper online. So, in store, I tend to buy used. Nevertheless, Hoodlums supplies some good used records within the selection of all genres. The selection might look small at first. However, there is more than meets the eye. There are the trivial little knick-knacks adorning the walls, including posters, incense, and other typical things found in a record store, but I would like to think there is a little more character than that. And of course CDS are supplied as well, but this review is more directed towards record collectors. The staff has been accommodating as well. I've never had to deal with some record collector snob who happens to undermine my knowledge, just because I ask a question.The location is great too. It's right next to Changing Hands book store (which I have also written a favorable review about), Trader Joes, and Wildflower Bread Co (delicious!!!). If you've never been to Hoodlums, I suggest going and taking a look. It'd be a great place to go with a fellow record collector or significant other and catch a healthy bite to eat or discover some great literature nearby!
5	These guys are the best. The staff is super-friendly. The atmosphere is comfortable. The selection is great - and if they're missing something you want, they'll do special orders at no additional cost. That said, it's not like the costs are much to begin with - I've gotten several beloved CDs there for under $10. They're always hosting free events like movies and concerts and art shows. They just installed a bunch of new listening stations, too. Also, they do a lot to help out programs at Broadmor Elementary, which is always a super-cool thing to do.Steve (one of the owners) once told me he believed music made you spiritually wealthy. I believe that this totally captures the spirit of the place.
5	i love going here.i'm a music snob/geek who desires the tangibleness of the CD or vinyl over the digital.  and i like supporting local businesses.  this makes places like hoodlums perfect.they have a small but knowledgeable staff who go out of their way to help you...even to the point of offering somewhere else to purchase a CD if it's cheaper there.  i like honesty.  it encourages me to go back.  if they don't have an album, chances are darn good they can order it.  their always up for a chat about music and consistently have good tunes flowing through their speakers.  i truly don't have a bad thing to say about hoodlums.  they do a lot to support local artists (both music and visual).  it's a great record store with an impressive selection of new & used CDs and vinyl.  they also have a good selection of music-related memorabilia.
5	Being my first review, there is only one place I've always had a 5-star experience. Hoodlum's is the ultimate music/cd/vinyl/DVD/used music store in the Valley. ZIA and Stinkweeds are a distant second in terms of selection, price and overall experience.Steve and Kristian are two of the nicest local business owners I've ever met. They know a ton about music and the local scene. They'll help you find anything you need.Tucked in the SW corner of Guadalupe and McClintock (next to Traders Joe's), this is a special place to find that CD/DVD you've been waiting to purchase. They also have a wide selection of used CD's and DVD's to are at bargin prices, be sure to check that out too!
5	Easily the best record store in town. Forget ZIA, they are overpriced and cannot possibly top Hoodlum's customer service.Hoodlum's has a killer selection of CD's and vinyl for the music nerds around town, and if they don't have what you want, you can special order it. They'll usually have the order within a few days, so it's a winning deal. The guys in there are knowledgeable and as friendly as you could possibly ask for. Steve, in particular, is one of the neatest people I've ever met. I've even gotten numerous great music suggestions from these guys.For the most part, they'll have plenty of classic rock, jazz, pop, and lots of newer "indie" or "mindie" tunes.  The selection is enormous! The prices are amazingly cheap too. Regular sales keep me coming back.Look nowhere else for the record store experience.Keep it up, Hoods, you are amazing.
5	GREAT SCOTT, GREAT SHOP! Really great place to score cheap used cds (read $3.99). vinyl is kinda steep and condition could be better. BUT... I can not tell you how many great finds I've scored here. Also the staff is the greatest. Super helpful.
5	Damn you Jebus!!!By The RueWhile out to lunch at Mac's,I went in to Hoodlum's like I do,I heard something jacked,It was very startling news.The iconic record shop is closing it's doors,After 14 years in business,I was shocked, surprised and floored,I think I might need a Guiness.Where will I go to get my records,When Steve and Kristian have left,Pre-listen to various chords,Turn it up until I'm deaf.Go buy some stuff and help these guys out,Every thing is 25 percent off,Score a few CD's and go home and pout,Even if you choose The Hoff.I'm going to miss my favorite shop,Eating at Mac's will never be the same,This doesn't mean my collection must stop,But going to another shop is just lame. Bummed
5	Awesome little spot in a great shopping center!  This place has tons of hidden treasures.  Make sure you have some time to spend here because it takes some searching, but there is a lot of really great music here!
