4	It's cheap, it's a bed & a shower and COLD A/C.  It's right off the freeway and for $30, can you REALLY complain?We got here a little past midnight a couple days ago and the staff was way nice and even though I had to wait in line in the blistering heat, I was in my room within a few minutes.
1	I haven't seen a motel this scary since The Shining. Room 325 stunk, and 326 stunk worse. The beds must have been slept in by sumo wrestlers. The 2nd floor walk way  was slightly bent, and felt like it was going to collapse. The AC was noisy. I'm a little surprised  we didn't see ghost.The bathroom looked clean, except for a mold stain behind the toilet. The staff was friendly and attentive. Perhaps not too strange, the clerk didn't ask us how are room was.
3	The motel from the outside looked ugly and very unappealing. It was really dirty and seemed a little abandoned. The room was nice. It was clean and didn't smell like the other reviews on here. We had room 348. The cable on the other hand was not good. It would be clear for a couple minutes then all of a sudden it would be really blurry.
5	It seems like motel 6 has really stepped it up a notch, got the room with out any difficultys, the lady at the front desk was extremely nice and helpful and I still haven't found any problems with the room, for 35 bucks it is way more then I expected!
1	one of the worst motel 6 locations hands down!!! horrible over the phone customer service, called after midnight to confirm my reservation and ask about early check in and she told us to call back in the morning- didn't bother to help. such a scary place to stay!! lots of locals wandering and I'm also pretty sure I saw a prostitute walking the parking lot. bathroom had hair balls on the floor, the carpet looked like it wasn't vacuumed, on top of that there was about 1/2 inch gaps around the a/c unit and we were able to see outside!! my husband shoved a towel in between for the meantime. will never stay here again, normally we are happy with motel 6.
2	I've stayed in several motels while taking small trips. This was probably the least appealing one I'd ever stayed at. You get what you pay for. So, I'll start with the good: it's not expensive, it's near the stadium, and that's about it. Now, on the opposite side of the spectrum, as soon as we arrived we spotted a few prostitutes, some unusual activity...etc. Checking in was interesting, a lady having a bad day next to us, telling The worker she had just gotten in a fight, the workers weren't really pleasant, our room...an unpleasant odor, a dead cockroach on the floor, needless to say we weren't really comfortable initially, however we did not hear any disturbance through the night. On our way out, saw some girl who had just been arrested, some cops, a few swat members...oh and did I mention the police have their own designated parking spot in this motel. We survived.
1	dirty hotel inside n out.  Many people walking around outside n hanging around.  Less than a quarter of a roll of tp when we arrived and WE KILLED 4 COCKROACHES!!!  never again will we stay here!
