4	My husband won a certificate from this location once- and he opted for the cookie basket (not the colorful iced cookies that you think of- cookie bouquets, but the regular ones). I think he got two dozen cookies, from snicker doodle to chocolate chip. This was just for us, it wasn't for anyone else, but the sweet lady (the owner maybe?) made it look really nice, which was appreciated but not necessary- a basket with plastic overwrap and a pretty ribbon to tie it together. The cookies were really delicious BTW. There was noone else in the store, at the time, but by the time she was done with ours, a customer came inside. This is a popular franchise around the country. The store is small but well-equipped with all the extras (bells & whistles) that make baskets really nice looking and presentable/giftable. I would definitely come here if I needed someone to make a basket for a special occasion (I normally make my own baskets since I shop year-round for gifts). A unique gift idea for a special person in your life.
4	I ordered an anniversary cookie bouquet. It was beautifully done, just like the picture online, and ready on time. The cookies were delicious. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I recommend them to anyone looking for a unique, special way to treat a loved one.
5	This is hands down the best cookie place ever! They are a bit pricy but if you ask for single cookies and frosted any color they are much cheaper! There are beautiful cookie bouquets that you can have made. My husband gets my a flower arrangement which I live because its the same cost as a real flower arrangement but this can be eaten!
5	I've been ordering from Cookies by Design for several years now. The cookies not only look beautiful but taste delicious. I've sent cookie bouquets to my doctor, dentist, as thank you's as well as special occasions. You can't go wrong. It's the perfect, unique gift for someone hard to buy for. I also had a picture of my husband and I put on the cookies and used them as wedding favors when we got married.  Everyone loved them. Staff is very friendly. Oh, and did I say the cookies are delicious?
5	I have been ordering these cookies for myself and as gifts for years. They are amazing. Not only do they look beautiful but they are delicious. They make a wonderful gift because the presentation is so attractive and they are edible. I usually freeze a couple to enjoy a week or two later. You can't go wrong with this business,the owners are great and stand behind their product. I really love their bouquets but their coconut macaroon is the best I've ever tasted.
5	I showed up 15 minutes before closing last night needing 2 gift baskets (4 dozen cookies) first thing this morning. In the midst of what I guess is their busiest holiday order period, they made it happen! I can't thank them enough for bailing me out of my obvious lack of planning. They were very nice and extremely accomodating. Thanks again!!
4	Fun and good tasting cookies! My tip... Call in plenty of time to order your cookie. And don't assume you can just go down there and  pick up a character cookie. I did that once and they were out!! So always call first.
