5	Dr. Hampton is a good chiropractor and a good guy.  I flew into Vegas last week where my back was bothering from the plane ride.  I found Dr. Hampton through a Yelp search, and he was very prompt in returning my call on a Friday afternoon.  He spoke to my current chiropractor in the Bay Area, and then gave me a great adjustment that allowed me to enjoy the weekend.  I really appreciate this, and have great respect for how he operates - a true professional.
5	The massage therapis Allison rocks! All of their massueses have been great, but if you haven't been you should go try Allison.  She is the only thing between me and crying in pain some weeks, and she really knows how to relax my cramping shoulder when it hurts to even touch it!
5	Yay for my very first positive medical experience in Vegas! I woke up and couldn't move w out wanting to bust out crying, I was in so much pain from my lower back. I needed help ASAP, and couldn't waste time waiting at "quick" care or to see my primary at southwest medical for a referral. I was resigned to paying out of pocket to be able to walk right away, but had trouble finding someone to take me that day. I was referred to Dr Hampton by a coworker, and thank god for that!First of all he is the nicest guy - very sincere, knowledgeable, patient. He'll answer all of your questions and you don't feel like you're being pushed out the revolving door. Its such a pleasant change to have a doctor who gives a sh*t (or is damn good at pretending lol). He's honest about approximately how many visits it'll take to help fix you, doesn't try to make you commit to a generic package of 10 visits. I appreciate that he's acting like a doctor not a salesman. Another positive is the cost - it ended up being a fraction of what I had expected to pay. Although with the quality of care, I would've gladly paid a lot more. I've been telling all my friends how awesome Dr Hampton is, and I'm hoping that some of you listen as well.
5	Dr. Hampton is caring, and his staff are very friendly. I've been going to Dr. Hampton for almost 2 years, and I always look forward to getting my bones cracked again. He is competent, knowledgeable, can crack any bone that is need it, and thorough. I never have to wait more than 2-3 minutes in the waiting room, and my visits are never rushed. He takes his time to evaluate your issue and correct it, even if it's just for a bothersome neck or a general adjustment.
5	My back had been killing me but I was absolutely terrified of seeing a chiropractor! After reading the good reviews of Dr. Hampton on Yelp, I decided to bite the bullet and give it a try. I'm happy to say that the reviews are true! Dr. Hampton was attentive, informative and very good at easing my pain. In addition, he was very affordable!
5	4 years I have been coming here, and I STILL love them. Everyone in the office is great, and I have never known a Doctor who cares so much for his patients! My whole family goes there, and the new massage person, ok not so new anymore, is really good, too!TRY IT! I swear, you'll never go to another chiropractor!
5	My husband and I are in the process of moving to Las Vegas.  It's never fun to replace the health care professionals you have come to know and trust.  I did a Yelp search and found Hampton Chiropractic had received good reviews and was in my geographical area.Dr. Hampton was able to see me on the day I called him.  He took time to ask me questions about my health status and what I was looking for in chiropractic treatment.   He took some x rays and showed them to me, explaining in detail what I was looking at.  He then asked if I wanted to spend some time on the roller bed before I got my adjustment.  It was a relaxing treatment.  When he did my adjustment, he would wait a moment after each adjustment to make sure I was ok.  Dr. Hampton fulfills my parameters for a chiropractor and health care provider.  I sent my husband to see him and hubby was just as satisfied as I was.  Dr. Hampton is now our chiropractor!
5	All of the reviews about this place are spot on! Dr. Hampton is more than accommodating, even for brand new patients. I was in dire need to see a chiro STAT. I was experiencing extreme pain due to occipital neuralgia. I didn't know what it was until I looked it up, but word on the street was that a chiro could be a huge help to me in this situation. I called Dr. Hampton and he was able to fit me in that same day. Not only that, but he told me he would come in on the weekend if I wasn't able to make that same day appointment. Luckily, I was able to take time away from work to see him. His prices are phenomenal and he is kind, accomodating, and knowledgable. I will definitely be back (I've already gone to him 3 times) and I would recommend Hampton Chiropractic to anyone in search of a great chiropractor.
5	I've been coming here for 6 years. The Dr is like family. He has more heart than any doctor I have ever met, and has saved me multiple times from back pain and headache. He is gentle and sweet, and they offer massage therapy that rocks! Go, just trust me, go!
5	Dr. Hampton is awesome!  I could barely walk into his office a few weeks ago, and after 3-4 treatments, I feel like a normal human being again.  I have a very physical job and I was barely able to work, so I saw another chiropractor who tried to rope me into paying for 30 treatments up front.  I ran (okay hobbled) away quickly and found Dr. Hampton by chance on Yelp.  He answered his own phone at 8am and had me come in that day.  After one treatment I was already feeling better, and now 3 weeks in, I feel completely healed!
5	Great. Went in with pain in my upper back and left cured. Dr. did some X-Rays to find out what the issue was and some therapy. Felt wonderful right away.I'm always on tour so I can only rely on a single visit when I go see a chiropractor. Very good experience. Now I know where to go when in Vegas.
5	Was in a lot of pain during my vacation.  I am 300 miles from home.  I Found the doc on yelp.  He was a no bullshit chiropractor.  He didn't try and do X-rays and all that other garbage that others try.  I explained what I get done at the chiropractor at home and he did it.  I only had an hour before I had to leave and I was on my way with 20 minutes to spare.  He offered me treatment but all I wanted was a good adjustment and i got it.  I will be back my next time in Vegas.
