5	Since the original poster is CLEARLY unbiased and has NO agenda, I will follow up with some more information.  Yes, Crisis Pregnancy Centers of Arizona are focused on protecting the life of both the mother and the child.  This organization cares about the actual lives involved and provides women in crisis with comfort, information, and care in order to build a better future for everyone concerned.You won't find the cynical abortion-pushers like Planned Parenthood at the Crisis Pregnancy Centers.  Instead of people who will hide information about your child's development and pressure you to make a quick decision for an abortion, Crisis Pregnancy Staff will provide you with as much information as possible for you to make a decision about the future of you and your child.  Crisis Pregnancy Centers DO, in fact, provide you with information about abortions...except, unlike Planned Parenthood, they don't have a financial interest in you having an abortion.
5	I had to take a friend here a few years ago and they were great...very gentle with her and supportive.  She had already gotten a pregnancy test at Planned Parenthood (in another state) but when she spotted, she thought she might not be pregnant anymore so I took her here.  PP had offered her $100 to help pay for an abortion at another clinic (they didn't do them in that state) and my friend didn't want one.  She asked for help if she didn't get an abortion and they scoffed and said there were other places for that.  Well, I guess we found the other place.  This place was so helpful.  My friend's pregnancy was definitely not her first choice, but under the circumstances, this center made it a lot easier and they respected her choice to carry the baby and didn't judge her.
5	Wonderful place that will be honest with you and talk with you about ALL your choices  unlike other clinic who only want you to do what what best benefits their bottom line. Don't go into other clinics where their "counseling" is just a sales pitch! Highly recommend this place! I love my son so much and would be lost without him, never have I ever regretted my decision to give birth to him.
