4	The best thing I like about Cafe Presse is that they feature LAVAZZA espresso.  If you've ever had LAVAZZA in Italy or anywhere else then you know exactly what I mean!  Definitely one of the best coffees you'll ever have!!!Cafe Presse also offers free Wi-Fi  It's a lifesaver considering the atrocious fees The Palazzo charges for internet access.
4	on the 2nd floor in Palazzo, right by elevators to guest roomsresort fee gets you a free daily paper (I got LA Times); show your room key & give your room # & last namethey serve lavazza coffee
4	I hate Coffee Bean, and for the longest time, that has been the only coffee spot at The Venetian and The Palazzo.  Then came Espressamente Illy and Cafe Presse.  Thank goodness!I love Cafe Presse's lattes. There's just something about Lavazza that tastes oh so good.  I can't go into the nitty gritty of flavors and shmoozy coffee drinks because I'm either a straight coffee girl-- or latte if I'm in the mood.  I just really like the fact that they don't try to get too fancy or charge an arm and a leg like most cafes in Vegas hotels.
5	At The Palazzo/Venetian/Sands Expo - this is the place to get coffee. Forget Coffee Bean and Starbucks, and yes, dare I say even Esspesamente Illy? Yes. Unless you wante gelato - come here!Seriously this coffee is amazingly smooth and blended perfectly. I had two regular coffees and two mochas over the course of a few days working at the Sands Expo. Wow, just wow. Not only are the coffees great, but the employees are nice and inviting as well.Not only are the drinks good though, I also had a bagel with cream cheese (they did toast it for me and even gave me TWO CREAM CHEESE packets without me having to ask) and I also had a doughnut - so yummy and rich.The prices are still kind of high, but less than Espesamente, probably on par with Starbucks. I think the prices are cheaper than the Coffee Bean in Venetian. Amazingly good coffee. Pretty decent food. Good customer service. Check this place out if you're in the neighborhood.
5	Five stars for the Iced Espresso Bianco!!!  I am not an iced coffee fan, whatsoever, but this was amazing.  We were at the Venetian for date night - dinner and a show, so got here early to walk around.  We stopped in here to get a drink and I took a chance on this drink.  I did get the caramel flavor, but it was not to flavored, which I was happy about.  Not sure how they layered it, but the frothed milk was on top and it mixed it on its own and/or with stirring - so flavorful.  This drink really kept the coffee flavor without getting diluted by the ice or caramel.  I wish I had one later today!
2	If you're a coffee freak like me, this is not the place for you. As my coworker put it, their coffee taste like sewer water. Other than that their customer service is great!
3	Out of the two Cafe Presse locations in the Palazzo, I've only gone to this one. So far I've received pretty fast and friendly service here. I've had their Iced Bianco, cheese danish, iced coffee, and a sandwich/chips/soda lunch special. The Iced Bianco is pretty tasty and makes for a quick pick-me-up before work, especially with this Summer weather. The cheese danish was very fresh and delicious, but it was also VERY messy because of all the powdered sugar piled on top. If you are wearing dark clothing, I do not suggest getting it. Overall, this is a nice grab-n-go spot for coffee and snacks, but it is a little pricey (as expected). All the Cafe Presse signs in the casino state they also have free wifi, which is always a plus!
4	I received a complimentary sm ice blend mocha. Had it on a Saturday afternoon.- No wait. Very quick service. Got my drink in about a minute or 2. - Not too sweet or bold. just right with the perfect amount of whip cream. - Good place to relax after walking from Caesars. 108 weather.- Grab a newspaper! Go to Sweet Surrender and have a cupcake too :)
4	Good coffee shop in the palazzo. The blended beverages had a very good flavor. Average selection of baked goods and no warmer for bagels. Also it wasn't the fastest services...but the convenience if you are staying at the palazzo is worth it.
3	Morning staple while at the Palazzo.  Good lattes, decent selection of breakfast breads(danish, muffin, croissant).  If you have the energy, walk to Bouchon bakery in the Venetian.
4	I didn't pay a cent for my drinks here. Coupons offered by the venetian got me a regular coffee and an ice blended caramel coffee drink. Both were good. Service was great. I tipped them... so I guess I paid something.
4	Polite, and, quick.  If you're staying at Palazzo, there is one if you get off the elevator on the main floor, and, on the second floor (I believe - the same floor as the Shoppes).The location on the first floor is open longer hours I believe, if not 24 hours.  Yes - I know it's the Palazzo, and, I know it's Vegas, but a coffee for $ 3.75?  When in Rome I guess.  Nice bold coffee.  It's a great help to whatever you need to 'snap out of' from the night before.
4	So convenient. Right by the guest elevators in Palazzo. There were no in-room coffee, so this place was great.
2	I was feeling the afternoon drag this past Saturday and so stopped by here with my girlfriend for a cup of coffee.  There isn't much to say about the decor of the place as it is stashed in a hallway over by the ballrooms and has some tables and a single TV.  I ended up ordering the 16 oz dark roast while my girlfriend had a 16 oz iced tea.  Almost $8, ouch, but it is Vegas.  The coffee was strong but not particularly good and the iced tea was just decent.  I feel like I probably could have had better coffee playing the slots.The bottom line for me is that I wouldn't be back here in the future.  The coffee just wasn't that great.
1	How on earth can you look me in the eye and hand me the crappiest Macchiato ever!?! It's possible if you have no idea what you are doing...The espresso machine has a frosted glass shroud around it which I didn't even notice until I realized he flipped a switch to start the auto milk steamer. Too late! Already paid for it. This glorified magazine stand is just capitalizing on people wanting something convenient.When I saw the Lavazza Coffee logo I thought there was at least a chance for decent coffee given there was some effort and minimal skill of the barista. You people should be ashamed of yourselves.
2	I was anxiously looking forward to espresso or a cappuccino. The friendly staff greeted me and I asked if they made quality cappuccinos - the answer was of course yes but the product was unfortunately no. The shots were bitter and the milk scalding hot. The froth was decent enough but I couldn't consume the drink due to the heat. Poor barista skills - should of had a cup of coffee.
1	The employees didn't quite grasp the concept of an iced coffee. Received a hot coffee in a hot cup with a couple of ice cubes in it. No bueno
4	This little place saved my life every morning I was in Vegas!  With no coffee makers in the rooms at the Palazzo- this was a quick jaunt down the elevators to the 2nd level to get my daily caffeine fix.A couple of large, black ,drip coffees will cost you about $8 bucks (Yowza!  Wish I was more ambitious as I'd head to McDonald's) but still better than the hour and half room service time quote and heaven only knows that that would have cost!
4	We had a coupon for a free tea, so on our last night we decided to use it. They were nice and friendly. We went with the hot green tea and it was a great ending to a long day. I wish we would've tried this sooner as I probably would've started my mornings off  with one each day.Service was quick, the tea was good and next time I'm in town, I'll stop by and try a coffee product to see what that's like.
3	Wrong info Yelp. This place is definitely open before 10am.Hot drinks are good. So-called "Yogurt Parfait" is awful
3	$8 sausage, egg, and cheese bagel.  Very average, but for under $10 inside Venetian/Palazzo I thought it was a decent "deal."
4	There are actually two Cafe Presse locations in the Palazzo/Venetian complex. The one close to the elevators at the Palazzo is great, but the other, larger location closer to the Venetian is our main focus for this review.First off, they have several quick, grab & go  breakfast and lunch food options. Second, they are really friendly. Third, they pull a great double espresso. But the really great thing about Cafe Presse is the free wifi AND the power outlets located throughout the cafe. There's a high bar with outlets along the entire length of the wall, and there are additional outlets located underneath the bench seats that are found on either end of the cafe. In other words, a phenomenal place to park it and get some work done while you're waiting for your room to be ready or your flight out after checking out of the hotel promptly by 11:00am. What's not to like? Oh, and the 80s music that played overhead made me smile and brought back some great memories. Good stuff.
4	Good morning coffee. Free wifi and lots of plugins for all devices. Friendly customer service as well. A little above average for a coffee joint but thats it
4	A quick & convenient option when you've got meetings in the sands convention center at the CRACK OF DAWN!! Vegas can be so cruel ---ice blended mocha: a good breakfast option to go with my banana.. It's pretty much the same price as starbucks.. I wasn't expecting the chocolate drizzle thoughNOTE: they also offer pastries, yogurt, etc if you need more than a drink to hold you over
3	Cafe Presse was the main option for a quick breakfast and coffee while attending a conference at the Venetian.  I ordered coffee here on a daily basis during my recent trip (lines were always really long).  They have a variety of lattes as well which were good.  I ordered a parfait and unfortunately the granola was really soggy and it wasn't very appetizing.  Like all places in LV, this is on the pricer side.  There is a decent sized seating area that fills up pretty quickly on busy days.
4	Pretty much the same prices you'd find at your neighborhood Starbucks for a latte or whatever. In this place, that's a pretty fair deal. The service was excellent and the latte was really good.
3	Tucked away in a corner of the Palazzo. We came here to get a cup of coffee, was just okay. They also carry a few snacks and pastries, but they didn't look appealing in any possible way, so didn't get them.
3	Came here to cool off from the 104 Vegas heat and ordered an iced latte. Pretty terrible espresso but they offered me a refund and the ice blended drink was good. Wouldn't come back but I was happy that they gave me a refund even though they had to call upper management to do so.
2	It was decent, but definitely would opt for something different next time I'm in Vegas. I ordered a banana nut muffin ($4.50) and a banana ($1.25). Thought the prices were a bit over the top, but hey it's Vegas. Muffin was stale, and tasted like it was a Costco muffin. On top of that service was sloooow and it ticked me off that right as you're entering your pin number the screen asks for tip amount you want to give. You can't enter 0 so you have to hit "clear". It was awkward with the lady having to explain that to me. Go somewhere else.
1	Smoothies are disgusting. You can mix up to 3 flavors but they're all clearly powdered. They're not fresh at all. Save your money and go elsewhere.
