3	Three party dresses for 40 bucks? I'm the belle of the ball, bitches!Let me reign in my enthusiasm a bit. I don't generally like Ross. It's trashy, unorganized and sticky. Especially the one in Arizona Mills Mall. (I shudder remembering trying to redeem my gift card there last Christmas. Long lines, cheap whorebag/old granny clothes galore, and it was infested with children.) Typically the majority of clothes at Ross look like they could also be found hanging in my local Goodwill, but I still frequent these crappy stores in hopes of finding a killer deal. (What can I say? I'm a masochist. They keep burning me over, and over and I just line up for the punishment.)But this shiny new location in Tempe Marketplace and I are undergoing a golden honeymoon period!It just opened so all the fixtures are new and not covered in human grime yet. The clothes here are surprisingly well organized for this type of scavenger hunt shopping experience. I found my sizes exactly where they should be, a first for any Ross-venture. The clothes here are of the same cheap, thin poly-cotton blends that allows them to keep their prices so low, but they've always lasted a fair amount of time and for the price simply can't be beat. The fashions thankfully aren't still stuck in the late 90s era of baby doll tees, and I managed to find pretty dresses for a wedding, Zombie Prom and for when I want to feel like a tulle entwined princess, all for only 40 bucks! Ross is also pretty good for decorating a bathroom, kitchen or living room on the cheap. And the accessories section at this location rocks. Tons of purses, shoes and jewlery.So if you're looking for cheap clothes and house accessories that haven't already been pawed at by the masses, go here. Quick! Before it starts to reek of feet and small children.
4	I haven't shopped in Ross for years and years. Ross was never at the top of my list to shop. I usually preferred a competitor that started with a M. Maybe I may reconsider and give both locations an equal chance.After eating close by, my wife and I stopped in to check out the new Ross location.  I needed some new shorts and thought I'd take a look. Unlike other Ross stores, the store was pretty free of clothes on the floor being late in the evening. When the lines started to get a few deep, another register was opened. That was nice. I was able to find some nice mens shorts for $13 and $15. I can't speak for the womens apparel, but the mens side had lots of athletic wear, shorts, pants, jeans and shirts to choose from.  I was happy with all the selections.I also found a really nice pet food container for $7 .I'm sure there will be a return trip to Ross at some point in the future.   .
4	The place is true to the name-dress for less. I always make it a point to stop at this location while in Tempe since the shopping gods have always been nice to me here and you can walk to other stores in the area. Added bonus-the people watching here is superb. You get Jerry Springer meets Real Housewives.
3	I love, yet loathe Ross. I love the low prices, yet loathe that I feel like I have to get my fight club clothes on - because I can't wear pretty things when I shop here. I'll get pushed aside, I have to crawl on my hands and knees to look on the bottom shelf in the "make-up" department.I secretly think Ross likes laughing at us by making it difficult. Talk about working for a bargain!
5	This location is quieter than the one at Arizona Mills Mall. No screaming kids in your way. The clothes are less disheveled, still attached to the hanger, but for the same low price. I get my husband's work shirts here for like $8. Ross understands that there are still skinny Americans out there and they carry size 4 pants. YESSSSS!Unusual house goods you can find at Ross. I redid my whole bathroom and made it into a nice Victorian style in light pink and a wood brown. They had this soft-green painted shelf that looked like a twisted vine. Where else can you find something like that? I found these two toothbrush cups that were painted with butterflies. Worth the $5 each. My bathroom is gorgeous. You'll want to take a crap in there.
3	Good for what it is. The store is typically quite a mess, with scream-y unattended children galore.... However great bargains are to be had - especially in the seemingly-untouched home decor and furniture sections.
1	Terrible customer service!I bought a pair of shoes maybe a month ago. I misplaced the receipt, but the shoes still had their original tag/sticker on it because I never once wore the shoes. I loved the shoes when I bought them, but when it came time to wear them I could never find an outfit to go with the shoes.I went to Ross at Tempe Marketplace, where I bought the shoes, to get store credit. I was prepared to return the shoes and continue shopping for new outfits for my vacation.When I came up to the register, not only was the cashier rude and gave me no eye contact, but she told me that the shoes have been marked down from $35 to $17.99. She told me that she could only refund me the $17.99 without my receipt. Of course, it didn't make sense for me to return the shoes for half price, especially since they were brand new. I called for the manager on duty Amy to voice my discontent. She sided with the cashier and didn't care to hear my story. She was also extremely rude and seemingly unhappy with her job.I happen to be an executive for a different retailer and wouldn't have asked for her if I didn't think there was anything she could do about it. It amazes me how much little business sense this store manager and her associates have. Because of her actions, she not only lost a customer, she also missed out on a possible sale and future sales from me. If I had gotten the $35 back I would have spend at least $100 on my purchase that day, which would have made the store much more in sales than the $35 refund, not to mention the sales of my future purchases. Talk about not understanding perishable sales!
4	I always like checking out what this store has. Even though it was the Sunday after Black Friday, I have to say the store was pretty neat and organized. It's challenging at times when you are looking for something specific, as I was on this visit, but that's the nature of the game. It's a hunt, a bargain hunt my friends.
2	Employees were friendly however the store was disorganized and a little dirty.
3	This store's a bit disorganized, and the selection of clothes in my size is limited, but they do have a decent selection of home items to browse through.
4	I've been able to find lots of cute dresses and a couple of other things here, all very well priced. Although I have had some run ins with rude employees at the dressing rooms. Still a great place if you're looking for something quick and cheap!
5	I'm not ashamed to say that I am a Ross whore/groupie/addict. I've been to plenty from Gilbert to Glendale and this is pretty much one of the few where the shelves are always full and you'll always find new things no matter when you go. I think it's because it's so near to campus that they always get new inventory unlike the quieter ones where they tend to hold onto an item for longer so the choices aren't that great. This is pretty much where I get everything now, from kitchen to closet. Michael Kors scarf, Steve Madden heels galore, Olivia + Joy purses, huge canvas art, the George Forman grill that saved me from near starvation ... I'm always able to find something for me. I'm not really into actual clothes from Ross so I can't judge on that, but when it comes to the amount and variance in purses, shoes (tons of name brands), and housewares (a poor HGTV fan's dream), they definitely got it right in that department. Tip: Avoid during Christmas season. Oddly, I cannot find anything during that time and with the number of people who rummage through, it turns into what could be a backdrop from Slumdog Millionaire.
2	This Ross is definitely one of the more ghetto stores I've shopped in. Parking sucks, lines are super long and the disarray in the aisles is never ending. Clothes piled on the floor, shoes strewn all over the aisles, toddler Spider-Man pjs mixed with women's knits, hoochie leopard print lingerie next to preteen skater t shirts ...you get the idea. Good selection of housewares, bedding and knick knacks though. This is also a good Ross to visit if you're bilingual - I rarely hear English here. Could use a good clean up crew for sure.
1	Horrible experience. Usually I don't mind shopping and finding items at Ross. I just left and can't let this one go. There was some problem with the men's dressing room, so I could not try anything on. They could have made an attempt to figure something out. But no, I was suggested to buy my items try them on at home and keep the receipt if they did not fit.  When I asked to be reimbursed for gas money if I had to come back, they laughed at me and said no way.  It seems to me that, Ross should hire better management for scenarios like this and others. I would hate to think of their slogan as, Ross shop for less in an even lesser environment.
3	ROSS!  always a little ghetto. I like watching guys try to shoplift here. I enjoy the hood atmopshere.
1	Extremely poor management, the cashiers were very understaffed people were waiting in line for 15 to 20 minutes. There were cashiers leaving the checkout line to go check in the back of the store for a price of a wallet. They looked like they were lost and did not know what they were doing there was no manager in sight. I was very disappointed in the service and left my clothes there without purchasing as I will never shop there again.
3	I know condiderable number of people who to a person think the Ross stores are really a great value.The store often are very messy and I do not see anything in the way of value. I have gone there and purchased ladies clothing half of which was returned. That is intended as a compliment. Mens shirts I found nothing I wanted. Other people I am with seem happy with their clothing and discount cosmetic purchases.I have been to at least half a dozen locations, possibly 20 times. For myself I have only purchased towels for other people based on appearance rather than a decent value. They are not like, but remind me of Woolworths and Kresges.
3	Most expensive headband purchase ever.  I came in here thinking I might find one cheaper than ULTA which is located next door.  Spent $65 and didn't find a headband.
3	Meh, it's more like a 2.5 stars. But I rounded up.First off, I liked the selection of stuff they had. They had a lot more than most of the other Ross's I've been to. And in comparison to the one at Arizona Mills, this ones way better.But everything was a bit over priced, especially for Ross!I made a good purchase, got things I had been looking for, but paid a little more than I should have at a Ross.The worse though was the customer service. When we went to check out, they had 3 cashiers. And the one that wasn't doing anything, shood us to the next. And there we waited several minutes for the one girl to stop looking at this scarf, in order for her to ring us up. And when she did, no eye contact, no "hello how are you? Have a good day." Nothing. Worst customer service ever.
