5	I needed a florist for my weding so Lisa owner and operator of Tatum Flowers came highly recomended! My wife and I were not disappointed, What amazing talent and customer service !!
5	Been meaning to dust off the Yelp pen. Sitting at the Starbucks across the parking lot from Tatum Flowers I remember having a good experience there and I should tell Yelpers so.I strolled in around 6:00 pm, on Valentine's Day, on my way to dinner with my lady. Way to procrastinate, me.I asked if they had flowers left and the lady who helped me out laughed and said, 'Yes. What would I like?""Like"? I don't know. I'm a dude. Not a meathead but a dude, nonetheless. Flowers are not something I get.I said, "I have no idea. Can you just throw something together for me?" She obliged and the bouquet she put together was beautiful. I didn't know it then. They're just flowers to me. My girlfriend was floored, however. When she pointed out the bouquets at Costco the next day and said, "Those are the same bouquets every other girl got, mine was just for me." and squeezed my arm, I was glad I strolled into a local type place over a Costco or Fry's or whatever.So thanks Tatum Flowers for a personal touch in a rush.
5	I was interested in having flowers every weekend in my house, and I've been going to grocery store florists for about 6 months.  I needed more variety, fresher flowers, and staff that knew their stuff.  I found it!  Tatum Flowers had everything I was looking for.  A true neighborhood feel when you walk in and are greeted.  Carol helped me and took the time to listen to a guy that doesn't know much about flowers.  My order was ready in no time at all, and when I came back to pick it up, I got to meet the owner, Lisa (always cool for a local business).  Lisa was also great and the arrangement they gave me far surpassed my expectations.  My house has brightened up with their beautiful arrangement.  So fresh too.
5	I was hosting a hawaiian themed baby shower and needed a florist near where the shower was being held. Did a quick Yelp search and came up with a list of florists to call.  I spoke to Lisa (Tatum Flowers) about two weeks prior to the event.  I needed two fresh leis and loose orchids.  Not only did she have the best price of all the shops I called, she was the nicest! I placed my order and she happily agreed to have them ready for me early in the day.   The day of the shower when I went to pick everything up, Lisa had everything ready.  My lei's were beautifully packaged.  I planned to put the loose orchids in a plan vase at the house, but Lisa has some really gorgeous vases at a great price.  I ended up buying a pretty deep purple vase.  Lisa was so sweet that immediately took the orchids filled the vase with rocks, water and arranged the orchids for me.  She packaged it nicely for me in a to-go box.  Lisa was so great to work with!  Clearly she knows what she's doing and takes great pride in her work.  I would recommend this flower shop to anyone.  I plan to use Tatum Flowers again when I am in need of fresh flowers.
5	I went to Yelp to find a florist near a friend. I found Tatum florist and I found Lisa. She was so helpful and took pics of the finished product and texted me to make sure it was what I wanted. Thank u Lisa. Will return to you every time. Lori Agresta
5	I was kind of in a fog when I walked into Tatum Flowers looking for some sort of arrangement to bring to a dear friends wake.  I did not know what kind of arrangement I wanted and I think Lisa, the owner, sensed I was having a lot of difficulty.  After we discussed what I thought I wanted, she showed me several beautiful plant arrangements and I picked one out that was absolutely perfect.  I was soo pleased with the gorgeous arrangement when I picked it up two days later.  It was so fresh and vibrant.  Thank you, Lisa and family, for helping to make a very difficult time a little bit easier with your outstanding customer service and warmth.
5	I live in Clearwater Florida. Found Tatum on Yelp recommendations for Tatum. My daughters birthday a day late Lusia found the right arrangement with a Teddy bear. my daughters a teacher at elementary school. The whole staff and daughter went sissy. Great Price! FTD no way!
5	I found Tatum's through the previous reviews on Yelp, and have been using their services since May 2014 to send flowers regularly to my 89yo Auntie in Phoenix.  I cannot say enough good things about this family-owned and operated business. Lisa has been amazing and the floral arrangements have all been fresh and absolutely stunning.  I had the privilege of meeting Lisa, her husband and her sister today (I live in WA state) and Lisa shared with me how she got started in this business and her love for floral design.  Forget FTD or any of those big online floral brokers.   You'll  always get better service and quality and better bang for your buck going straight to the local shops.  You wont be disappointed !!!   Thank you Lisa !!!
5	Wow. This flowers were amazing.  I have gotten tired of the crappy service from FTD and 1-800, so thought I'd find a local florist I could contact directly.  This shop was great!!  The flowers looked so much better in person compared to the picture online, which has never happened when I've used the national companies.  Now to find the same service on the other side of town!
5	I've been coming to Tatum Flowers about every week for the last 7 months.  I wrote my first review then, and wouldn't change a thing.  Lisa and Carol always put a smile on my face when I walk through the door on Friday.  I wanted to share the amazing arrangement I received today, for Halloween.  Carol took extra care on this one.  She spray painted the twigs black and even made the roses look spooky.  Those added touches along with the perfect colors for the season is just one of the reasons I keep coming back!  Please check them out when you get a chance, you won't be disappointed.
5	What a gem!! I decided to go with Tatum Flowers because of their excellent rep on Yelp. I recently had an ACL surgery and if you've experienced this you know it's not any fun. You also know that you essentially need someone to act as a full time nurse to keep you comfortable, fed, and iced at all times. My wife did such an amazing thing to have the patience to do any and everything I needed this week so I wanted to show her my thanks by sending her flowers to her work. I called last night an hour before closing and spoke with Lisa (?) and she was so nice and took very good care of me. I didn't even see the bouquet until they were delivered at 10 this morning but knew I was in good hands. All smiles from the wife and jealous co-workers thanks to Tatum Flowers. They'll be my go to florists from now on. Happy wife happy life! Thanks Tatum Flowers!
5	I placed an online order for a "French Garden" planter through FTD and the order and delivery was given locally to Tatum's.  Totally impressed!The order was placed at 1:30PM and in three hours, they were being delivered!  The plants (6 plants in a basket planter) are all vibrant and healthy.  They were beautifully arranged in the basket and the recipient had some huge smiles!Thanks again, Tatum's, you have a new returning customer!
5	I asked Lisa to put something together for my sister's birthday.  My sister called me to say that she received the prettiest arrangement she has ever seen.  Lisa is a lovely person and I feel very lucky to have found her.
