1	Watch out ASU Students. These guys have a "coupon" in the student coupon book that they will refuse to honor when you bring it in. Scam artists who will not honor coupons with NO FINE PRINT, will not tell you how much they charge until you come in to pay and will over-charge with no proof that they actually fix your phone. Not willing to even work with you despite having printed official coupons with their information and services. Rude, deal in cash only (already a bad sign) and I repeat WILL NOT ACTUALLY FIX YOUR PHONE. Lie about the guarantee, if it's anything EXCEPT a screen fix they will not guarantee their work which speaks volumes about their trust in their own competence in repairing cell phones. do NOT go here, do NOT waste your money and time. VERY BAD "BUSINESS".
1	My son when there to get his phone fixed.  charging jack was broken.   They said it would be fixed at 4.  my son went back at 4 and they hadn't even started working on it.  they finally finished it up at 7:30  when they were done, They quoted us $70 for the repair and when he went to pick it up they tried to charge him $85. the proximity sensor did not function.  My son called me and asked me what to do, I said just leave it and I will pick it up tomorrow.   I went in at 5 the next day and they hadn't even looked at it yet.  I said he will have to bring it back next week some time (we drove 20 miles each way to get to this repair shop.    I walked out the door and the back cover wasn't even screwed back on the phone.   My son brought it back today, they said that they would not fix the proximity sensor (that worked when he brought it there) and that the tabs that  the screws that hold the back on were broken off.  They were there when we brought it there and we never took the phone apart.   So this is a strongly worded DO NO GO HERE. They do Poor work and they will rip you off.  I brought the phone to another repair place and today they told me that  the damage that they did would cost $125 Including replacing the screen, where the proximity sensor was and replacing the back cover which has the screw holder for the case.  There is a reason that they have changed their name (Bad Reviews) and the new name is not seeming top help their work or customer service.   BEWARE   GO SOMEWHERE ELSE   a $50 dollar repair cost us $85 plus the $125 in damage to out phone...
1	THE WORST PLACE EVER. BEWARE!! This place is a scam!! The girl that works the front is a LIAR and her 'boss' and 'tech' are full of it too... Worst experience ever!!! Said they would fix my PS3 and replace the laser in 24 hrs... THREE WEEKS later I get it back and spend $75 and it's still broken... Brought it back and they admitted to me it was a broken laser and they NEVER replaced it and denied to me that they said they would fix it... What a joke. On top of it all, they wanna "cut me a deal" on a new laser for $45!!!! Lol! DO NOT GO HERE.. Highway robbery and a bunch of idiots. Reporting them to the BBB.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!! I went to get a charger only, I didn't even need repairs done. I had a trip that I had planned and told the owner that I needed it by Friday. He guaranteed me that he would have it the next day (Thursday) but since he had to order it from the distributor he wanted a deposit. I have him $40 (the charger was $57). I was told by the girl at the front and her child who was working in the shop that they didn't take cash so I had to go to an ATM. I went in Friday to pick it up and it was not there. I was literally on my way to the airport and needed it right away. The lady at the front who was incredibly rude both times refused to refund my deposit even though I was lied to and wouldn't have put one down if I had been told the truth. Ended up buying one elsewhere and paying a lot, but at least I actually got the product I was promised. I also intend on reporting them to the BBB. Awful customer service all around. THEY WILL LIE TO YOU TO GET YOUR MONEY. STAY AWAY!!!!!
