5	When my husband hurt his back several months ago, his doctor prescribed Physical Therapy at Endurance Rehab.  After one visit, he was hooked... He loved going to PT several times a week and in due time, his back was feeling much better!  I think he was sad when he couldn't go anymore...And when I recently started complaining of major shoulder pain and went to the doctor, she prescribed PT for me too... so now I know why Jared loved going so much.So far, I've been three times and I already feel a difference in my shoulder.  The staff is incredibly knowledgeable and personable. I've worked with Matt, Katie, and Ben to date. Since I travel often for work, they've been great about giving me "homework" (workouts to do on my own) including printouts with images and instructions for each exercise and stretch.Endurance Rehab treats all aspects of orthopedic injuries and specializes in the underlying elements of athletics, especially endurance sports.  (Yes, I took that info from their website, but I do see a lot of triathletes there). The equipment is state of the art.  They even have a G-Trainer anti-gravity treadmill.  I have yet to try it out but I  hope to do so soon...I go to this location (near LGO in Arcadia) but they also have a Scottsdale location. A Mesa location is opening in October.
5	I was experiencing all manner of pain in my knees - it hurt to walk at times, let alone run or go about my normal activity. This worried me because I'm 23 years old and I was having the symptoms of someone twice my age. I saw a knee specialist and he recommended me to Dr. Amit Sahasrabudhe, an orthopedic surgeon. Dr. Amit then referred me to Endurance Rehab. This was the second rehab center I was referred to. The first, Physiotherapy Associates in Tempe were awful. After diagnosing my problem (incorrectly, it turns out), they figured I could handle the exercises myself and pretty much let me be. Small wonder I didn't get better! Totally the opposite at Endurance Rehab. First of all, they correctly diagnosed my issue: it wasn't my knees, it was my hips and IT bands. My therapist Mike DoVico created an individual workout plan for me and lead me through each exercise. Even when I was handed off to some of the other PTs, they each did an excellent job taking care of me and showing me exactly how to do each new exercise, as well, perhaps most importantly, keeping me on track. Long story short: I can now run, lift, and be as active as I want - and should - be at 23. The staff and Endurance Rehab gave me back my physical ability, which is a gift that cannot be understated. I fully endorse Endurance Rehab and will recommend Mike and his staff to anyone I know who needs to get back on their feet.
5	This facility is excellent in every way from the staff to the cleanliness. From day one I knew this was a top notch rehab when my physical therapist spent two hours with me, getting to know my history, going through basic stretching, even getting a massage! I thought the massage was a one time occurrence but it is a standard part of each therapy session. My therapist is extremely knowledgable, thorough, helpful,and caring. I have noticed that in all of the other therapists as well. The assistants are friendly and professional and get to know everyone on a first name basis which of course makes you feel right at home. I am going to be sad when my therapy comes to a close! Highly recommend to anyone that has back problems or has had back surgery.
1	Bad experience with the front desk. If you can get through them the therapists are wonderful! Brash, arrogant early twenty-somethings are the gatekeepers. They should be replaced with more professional individuals who can better represent the facility.
3	Chapter 1 ---- After dealing with Plantar Fascitis on my left heel, I finally decided to try Physical Therapy.  The first placed I called was Endurance Rehab. Dave Herzberg was assigned my PT.  He's a kewl and knowledgeable cat but I just didn't jive with him and decided to go elsewhere. What I loved most about this facility is it's great gym! Everyone is helpful here. The line from 'Beaches' comes to mind, "If your mother hadn't been such a bitch, we could've shared something important!" Errr...maybe not like that but you get the point. This location would be definitely be high on my list for others to try. On to Chapter 2 ***
5	Had a snowboarding accident where I heard a audible pop.  Fast forward 6 months and a visit to an ortho surgeon.  He recommended PT, granted i'm in my 20's and my visual of PT is old people walking on a treadmill or doing stretches.  I visited they're Gilbert office and it is full of young therapists and the office is really well kept.  They tailor to sports injuries so I didn't feel weird having my issue resolved.  After only a few weeks my shoulder was 100%.  They did an amazing job getting me back to my pre injury self.
5	Two years after a tough sports injury that was practically incurable, I found Endurance on Yelp. Thank you Jesus..and Yelp of course. I had a minor pectoral tear, subluxed clavicle joint, bursitis in my shoulder, and two bulging disks in my neck. Sounds painful right? Now imagine dealing with it for 2 whole years!! I had been to several orthopods, and a few different physical therapists that did absolutely nothing but put me through their patient mill. After two years I was convinced that I would never be back in the shape I was prior to the injury.Then I met Chris and Matt at Endurance. These guys are miracle workers. Most importantly, they really care. They were always very hands on and attentive and I never felt like I was being pushed off. Ask for the dry needling, it works wonders! I feel so much better. Thanks to them I am now back in the gym full time with minimal pain. Thanks guys for giving me my life back!
4	I was having knee problems right around the time I was training for an April marathon.  I got a cortisone shot from an orthopedic doctor which helped for maybe two days.  I then went to my massage therapist for two massages in a week, which felt great but did nothing for my knee.  However, I ran into another client (an Iron Woman actually!) who recommended Matt at Endurance Rehab based on her previous experience with a knee injury.  I managed to get an appt quickly (perhaps due to my flexible schedule) and Matt got right to work, diagnosing me with IT band syndrome.  He answered all of my questions and gave me an estimate for how long my treatment would take.  I'm a firm middle of the pack runner for my age and gender so I'm not breaking records and winning races, but he respected the fact that I wanted to run the full marathon in just a few weeks' time.  He made no promises and told me to keep running as long as there wasn't pain.  When I went in for my first appt after the race, he had asked me how it went and then told me he already looked up my time online.  LOL.  I thought that was a nice gesture.  He was always working my treatment around races that I had signed up for, which is awesome.  At the beginning of every appt he would ask how the running was going to see if I was making progress.  My knee felt a little bitter after each visit.      Matt used ASTYM (ouch) and dry needling (ouch) to fix me.  I also purchased a shoe lift (for leg length discrepancy), a foam roller, and an exercise band as recommended.  I was pretty loyal to the stretches and exercises on days I didn't attend rehab, which I think helped tremendously.               There are two reasons I give them four stars instead of five.  The first reason is I'm not quite sure how the process goes when I arrive for an appt.  I used to wait in the lobby until the lady at the front desk told me I could go warm up on a bike.  Sometimes I'm not sure Matt would know that I had arrived, even though I had signed in so a few times I think we got a late start and those appts are not short!  My second reason is I also had patellar tendonitis, which was not diagnosed until a few months into rehab and added probably another month of rehab.  To be fair, this may have been my fault in that I did not make it clear enough in my first few appts that I was also having pain below my knee.   Before you see the doctor, you get stretched out with the assistance of other personnel.  They were all very helpful in correcting my form and always friendly.Bottom line, if I have another sports injury that I think physical therapy can fix, I will be going back to Endurance Rehab.  I also recommended the place to a friend and he had great things to say as well (we had diff doctors)!
5	Took some time finding a place that did custom made orthotics, that went through insurance, and were made without molding. I will reiterate what the other reviewers have said in saying the staff is extremely friendly and helpful. I was impressed by the meticulous nature in which I was helped in just getting orthotics. I was referred to Endurance by Runners Den.
5	I'm enjoying coming her for PT to improve a hamstring injury.  They are great with being flexible with my schedule, and all the PT assistants there are very knowledgeable and help me with form while doing my exercises.  My PT Chris is a nice guy, knowledgeable, and correctly diagnosed my injury.  They use Astym to help heal the injury (hurts but effective), and give me a lot of exercises to do.  Very clean place and convenient location/easy parking.
5	After trying two other PT groups, found the Arcadia office of Endurance on Yelp. Reviews looked great. Gave it a try. They blow away the other two companies. Chris did a great job with the evaluation. His selection of exercises and treatment was tailored to my specific condition. He and his team of PTAs watch my progress very closely, always adjusting my treatment to match my progress. They never just stick me in a corner with an exercise, they're always right there making sure I'm doing them right and not aggravating my injury. The entire team is pleasant to work with, and they do their jobs well!  You won't go wrong here.
5	Very good experience with Jeff Kitchen and the North Scottsdale location. I did a v02 max test with Jeff . Jeff was very professional from the minute I contacted him. He went over a lot with me on the phone initially. Then during the test and after he took a lot of time to educate me on what the test finds and why I was having the issues I was with my cycling. He was able to tell me what was wrong with me after 3 MD's were not able to do a thing for me. He gave me hope with just a bit of education. Thanks Jeff!!
5	Dave Herzberg is the man! I almost dont want to write this review because I dont want the demand for him to prevent me from getting appointments but, alas he deserves it. I actually have great things to say about the clinic all around. I've been to a handful of PT places in different parts of the nation for work including Seattle, Orange County, Coure D Alene, Idaho, and here in Phoenix.David is the best PT,and Endurance Rehab is the best PT place with excellent philosophy.I've improved dramatically since coming here,Thanks guys keep up the stellar work~
5	I have been going to Endurance Rehab since I had surgery on my rotator cuff. The therapists are all very helpful and encouraging! I had a great experience and would recommend it highly! Special thanks to Matt Kraemer, Brad and Andy!
5	It's just this simple: I've had issues with my lower back and when it tweaks out, I'm usually wincing in pain and sleeping like a rotisserie chicken for weeks and months until it goes away. The fist time it went out on me a few years ago I literally got rid of my sports car for an SUV because I was sick of grimacing when I got in and out of the car. The last time it went out, it morphed into sciatica and lingered for weeks. So when it spasm'd literally two days before my Triathlon, my heart sank because I thought the months of training were about to go for naught. But if not for that I wouldn't have broken down and got the referral from my local tri shop to visit them.I was able to get in for a treatment before the race and was happy to find out, while I might be in pain, the issue was soft tissue and I could choose to race.  I finished my Tri and though my back was not great on the bike, I was able to compete. I had two treatments the following week and the problem is about 95% gone after 3 treatments and within two weeks.  So I'm a believer and so glad I decided to go in and so happy I can get back to training.  I would also say that an added bonus the environment itself is really awesome, Matt and all the gang at ER are funny and fun and make "Physical Therapy" as enjoyable as it could be when you're having elbows buried into your glutes.
5	Friendly, upbeat staff. Very skilled PT staff. Fixed my problem ( one that I thought unfixable) ahead of schedule. Special mention to Eric and extremely skilled and knowledgable therapist.
