5	The name of this place is deceptive... yes, it sells records, LPs as well as the quirkier end of the CD market, but that's not what this place is famous for.It should be called Ripping Tickets. If you need tickets for any local gig - no matter how big or small - then this is your place, as well as Hogmanay Street Party tickets and the Tattoo. The staff genuinely love all things live music-related, and it shows in the genuine interest they take in serving you, always chatting about the gig you're buying for, or recommending other similar stuff that you might like.Basically, if Ripping Records aren't selling tickets for it, it's either not happening or it's not worth going to.
4	Ripping Records apparently sells records but my main use for it is gig tickets. If you want a ticket to a gig without paying those pesky Ticketmaster charges then this is the place to go. They sell tickets for big events e.g. T in the Park as well as some obscure band playing at Bannermans. The staff are pretty good and chatty too. The guy behind the counter and I had a lengthy discussion about how terrible role models the Pussycat Dolls were.
4	Ripping Records: the number one place to get your tickets in person for all gigs/events offered from Ticket Master and basically anything that's "happening" in the Town. This means any event in Edinburgh, Scotland or even the big festivals for other areas of the UK. The service at times can be a bit slow (especially if you are paying by credit card) but they are very friendly and chatty. Also while you are waiting in the cue or still deciding where to go, this shop has a rather decent selection to browse though and purchase if you so wish. It's a deceiving shop, hardly noticeable on this busy street but rather useful to know about if you need a ticket for a gig or seek inspiration for a special night out.
5	This place is a music Mecca.People flock to it for its huge selection of CD's, LP's, and even tapes (which range from mainstream to plainly odd, and modern to classic), and generally its pretty relaxed attitude towards music. Prices are also cheap here, at least, way cheaper than big chain music stores.However, as you may have already guessed, Ripping Records sells something else - something waaay better. Ripping Records somehow manages to get its hands on gig tickets - for both small bands local tours and stadium rocking festivals. Amazing, especially as they always seem to be cheaper than buying them from the internet or from the venues themselves.
4	Ripping Tickets is indeed a more appropriate name for this shop. In terms of actual music, there's really not that much on offer. If you're after something a bit obscure or leftfield though, it's still probably one of your best bets in the city.On the tickets side, they are significantly more thorough, and sell briefs for pretty much anything that's going on anywhere in Scotland, as long as it involves music of some sort.Functional, but very good.
4	If you've been reading The Skinny, spotted a event or gig that tickles your fancy, then the first place to check for tickets should be Ripping Records.Listings, dates and related information are freely available here and the music enthusiasts behind the counter will be more than willing to help you find the venue, check the date and most importantly buy the ticket.Oh, and they sell a varied range of CD's and vinyl too.
4	Ripping Records always has the latest tickets to all the cool things in the city - gigs, concerts and club nights especially. As such there is always a constant stream of people in this shop, so it's always busy. They have all sorts of music, but mainly mainstream and indie/edgy. It's all moderately priced too, cheaper than most other bigger shops. The staff are really nice, and really cool. I never feel cool enough to be in here, I'll take my Michael Buble and leave.
4	Ripping Records is a great wee independent music store selling CD's, LPs and gig tickets.Their CD collection is well ordered. They haven't got every album from every obscure band under the sun, but they do stock a large number of old favourites from the past 5 decades. There's enough Neil Young and Roxy Music to keep me happy, and although the majority of the CDs in Ripping are of a popular rock ilk, arguably they're popular because they are timeless classics.My favourite aspect of Ripping Records is the evident love of music that floats around this space. The owner is clearly up to date in this year's biggest and best bands, and stocks a large number of concert tickets. Ripping Records carries the interest, passion and spirit that every music store should have. But since we are faced with an increasing number of faceless corporate environments these days, it's nice to see a place with use, versatility and character.
4	People can sound a little pretentious when they rave on about this great independent music store. Make no mistake, inside the staff are friendly, helpful and so meek  they might just inherit the Earth.Independent shops like Ripping Records survive by offering expertise, great service and being a bit different, something a chain store can't necessarily achieve. When I chat to the staff here they seem to know their music. having said that there is a great range of Cd's and vinyl. like all good music stores you can have a ripping (record) great time browsing their collection.As others have pointed out, Ripping Records is especially known for its selling of tickets to all manner of gigs and festivals around Scotland and the UK. In this it is one of the few proud alternatives to the likes of Ticket Master.A great friendly independent record shop with a good selection of music and gig tickets for sale.
3	I can't help but notice that the selection of CD's in Ripping Records was rather predictable; Oasis, Nirvana, Alice In Chains, Greenday etc. and I found the selection boring quite frankly as they're kind of bands you over listen to in your angsty teenage years and then have them sitting in your CD collection gathering dust, well, I did anyway. The lack of varied music kind of put me off the shop a little bit and I felt like I was fifteen back in Record Fayre again.I guess it is nice to see an independent CD shop still thriving and I guess that most of their customers come for their ticket sales and I noticed a large amount of tickets located just behind the desk.  The staff are very knowledgeable and if you're interested in finding out about gigs then they'll be able to help you out.
4	Ripping Records, based in Newington is yet another gem for music fans in Edinburgh!An independent record  store, this place sells CD's and vinyls, with many on offer (including three for twenty deals etc...) It also is one of the main places to go in Edinburgh to buy tickets for gigs!Forget Ticketmaster, Ripping Records sells tickets for gigs in Edinburgh, Glasgow, Dundee, the Lothians and also for T in the Park. Whenever tickets for T in the Park go on sale you can be sure that there will be a very long queue stretching down the street! Furthermore, if tickets are unavailable online for gigs then this place might be a good place to get the last few tickets on offer. I recently got the last couple of tickets for the Amy MacDonald gig at the HMV Picturehouse earlier this year!A great place to go for a nosey, you might end of coming out with some tickets along with some random CD!
3	Another of Edinburgh's trusty independent record shops is Ripping Records. Located on South Bridge, they stock a varied selection of CDs and a smaller selection of music related DVDs and merchandise. Whilst the stock covers most genres from classic and cult rock, pop and indie to funk, soul and blues, I have to admit I much prefer browsing through the racks at Unknown Pleasures, Fopp and Underground Solu'shn. The reason? I rarely like the music they play in Ripping and the shops above all seem to stock a stronger selection of weird and wonderful vinyl. If you're looking for gig tickets however, Ripping sell tickets for most venues in Edinburgh, Glasgow and beyond.
5	Although it does have one of the more diverse record collections in Edinburgh, Ripping is mainly famous for its gig tickets. Selling everything from jazz to metal via RnB, Ripping records is THE place in town for all your live music needs. Most of the main shows are advertised in the window so you can have a quick browse at who's playing before settling on one (or a few). The guys working there know loads about their music too, so if you just ask them they'll let you know who good is on, or recommend similar gigs to go to.Being here for the last four years, I have been sorely disappointed by the appalling live music scene in Edinburgh, but Ripping does its best to put that right, giving you the opportunity to buy tickets to almost everything, including quite a few gigs in Glasgow. The tickets themselves are sold at face value with a few quid added on as a booking fee but are not really overpriced, as you normally find with touts. If you're looking to go to a gig in Edinburgh then Ripping Records should be your first port of call.
5	A throw back to my childhood! A proper record shop selling proper music and real, not virtual, concert tickets. It is the lifeline that saves you from a monopoly that is Ticketmaster. It allows people to still experience the feeling of going into a traditional record shop instead of using vouchers for iTunes. "High Fidelity" in reality. My most recent purchase from here was tickets for Paul Weller at Edinburgh Castle. Whilst others went on line and panicked over whether they would get through to get tickets when they went on sale, we simply toddled up to Ripping Records, did some old fashioned waiting for the shop to open and purchased what we needed in person - from another person. Better still, their allocation included front row seats! I now can't wait...so glad we decided to buy these tickets "the old fashioned way"
