4	This morning was the first time I have ever been to this or any aquatic center since moving to Vegas 4 years ago.  Up until this point, the only pool I've been to had a bar and lots of drunk people, all located on the strip or in the vicinity LOL.  The other day (per my recent review on REI) I bought my swimming gear and I needed to test it out at this pool.I really enjoy this area.  Around the corner is the Bark Park I take my puppy to every week and down the road are two schools and a recreational park.  Driving around this area is safe and the neighborhood is super safe and full of life.  As for the pool, I enjoyed myself.  You can buy a punch card and get 30 punch increments.  I bought 60 punches for $36.00.  All adults get 2 punches for every visit.  I really like the fact that I can take this punch card to any public aquatic center in Henderson and they will honor the punches as well.  Super versatile, as there's another one close to work (Henderson Multigenerational Pool).  At this location, there are a lot of lanes to swim laps in.  I visited this center at 7am.  It quickly filled up by 7:30, however, everyone seemed to stagger in, so there was always a few lanes available.  I also enjoyed the fact that there were 4 lifeguards on duty and each lifeguard stand had a new lifeguard in it every 10-15 minutes.  In terms of the swimming experience, lots of room in the lanes.  I also like the fact that they have a huge bin where you can use zoomers, buoys or kickboards to tailor your workout.  The locker rooms are clean and spacious and the indoor facility is heated.  This appeals to me a lot as I love swimming during the winter months.***Please be aware that busy times, as stated by the greeter, is from 2pm-7:30pm every M-F.  Anytime before 2 and on  weekends aren't busy.  I did go yesterday to pick up the punch cards and noticed that the pool was completely filled with children at swim practice and parents in the stands.  At that time, it was 6:30pm on a Wednesday.  The front clerk also said that once in a while, they will host a meet and that will cause the pool to be full on the weekends.  For a complete schedule, see the front desk.
4	Pools aren't just for getting drunk or sunbathing, some people actually use them for fitness! My husband and I recently started swimming laps together, and the Heritage Park Aquatic Complex is where we get our swim on. At $2 a swim, it's a bargain.  And if you plan in swimming often you can purchase multi-swim punchcards which make it even cheaper ($20 for a 30 punch card, other options available). The facility just opened in 2010 so it's fairly new, and it was designed with energy conversation in mind. There are two indoor pools..  a larger one complete with diving boards, lanes for swimming and an area for kids to play. The second pool is considered the instructional and therapeutic pool. There are classes offered, both instructional and fitness. For lap swimmers, there are flippers and kickboards available to use, and there are also aquaweights for people that want to do some water aerobics.  The facility is used by water polo teams for both practice and events, and there have been swim meets held at the pool as well so from time to time it does get rather busy.  Swim lanes are often filled up on weekday afternoons, but most swimmers have no problem sharing a lane. Every so often you may have to deal with an unruly child that isn't being properly supervised by his or her parents, but the lifeguards try to keep the swim lanes free from horseplay.I own a pool, but I am still a big fan of the Heritage Park Aquatic Complex because it offers indoor swimming at a super affordable price! Pretty cool!!
5	This is an aquatic complex that is open year round since it is indoors.  Very, clean and well maintained.  When you walk in to the right is staff members who you pay to swim.  In the lobby there are tables and vending machines and there is a party room if you want to book a party with them.  There is a family entrance with lockers and a mens and women's restroom.  If you choose not to enter by the family you can enter through the women or the mens locker rooms (make sure you enter which sex you are - lol)  There are lockers in here with showers and an entrance to the pool area.  There is an olympic size pool and a smalled pool.  What I like about this place is if you need to get a life vests or floaties they have them available at no charge.  In the smaller pool which is around 4 feet is where they offer swimming lessons for the little ones using 1/2 the pool and the other 1/2 of the pool is for open swim.  Adults can swim laps in the olympic pool.  There are even more restrooms and showers near the smaller pool with bleachers so you can watch.  This is a very nice facility.  My daughter has taken 4 levels of swimming classes and we have been to open swim twice and we have enjoyed every minutue of it.  I am considering having her party here next year.  This facility is well run and is another wonderful thing that the City of Henderson has added to the community on top of the beautiful parks.  We love living in Henderson.
5	Great facility for my son to play Water Polo but  a long drive from Summerlin
5	I love this place. We bring our daughter here for swimming lessons and she absolutely loves it. Its an indoor complex and the H2O is always a heated perfect temp all year round!We've been to the pool over at the multigenerational center near GVR which claims to be heated and maybe it is heated a little but still really cold when you get in.Heritage is a little ways from where we will in Henderson but I don't mind driving a little more distance when she enjoys the swimming lessons and does not have to worry about getting hypothermia!
5	Love this place! They have so many great options here. Let me start with the locker rooms. Heritage Park has several locker rooms. One is a family locker room with two private changing rooms and a bunch of lockers. They also have a regular Men's and Women's locker rooms. Lastly, they have a whole separate ADA locker room for the handicapped. They have something for everyone!Next is the pools! They are amazing. They have the Competition Pool that goes from 4 ft to 13 ft deep. The Competition Pool also offers diving at certain times. Heritage Park Aquatic Complex also has a water walking or Instructional Pool that is kept warm all year around. It goes from about 3 ft to 4 1/2 ft. They offer ramps and guard rails for easy entrance. They also have kick boards and water weights available for everyone to use. I love that feature. They offer a range of classes that you can sign up for. You can check them out online,  in the Henderson Happenings or just ask the front desk person. The staff is always friendly and courteous. I enjoy swimming as my favorite exercise so the fact that they are open year round and heated is great! It's reasonably priced. If you get a punch pass it saves you a lot of money. Even if you just want to splash around the water walking pool its a great way to relax after a long day and get a bit of exercise!
5	This place is awesome. I don't even think awesome covers it.They do start swim classes/drills at 4pm. That's when it gets chaotic. Children 2-3 years old are $1 for swimming, and anyone else is $2. When we walked in, it was practically empty (around 3pm). My daughter (1year) and I were able to get in the first two lanes (3-5ft deep) and splash around. THe only awkward thing, was when we walked in they were playing "sexual healing". Not really what I want to swim to when there's a man in his 70s right next to me...haha.
5	It's a lot calmer in the morning or anytime before school gets out. They offer kids swimming lessons from 6 months old to 3yrs old for 3 weeks for an affordable price. Also, the pool is heated so whenever the weather is too cold or windy, the water will ease your physical state.
