5	Can anything fantastically impressive come out of Mesa, especially when it is physically attached to the Fiesta Mall?Our server, Coulter, and the talented chefs at Grill Square were about to prove it.Appetizers* Edamame - Perfectly cooked, would have liked a larger serving size.* Chicken & Pork Potstickers - Was a special feature that night and came with a spicy aioli sauce and guacamole.  Perfectly crispy.Main Course* Blackened and Seared Ahi - This was a prime cut of Ahi, cooked to perfection, with the meat of the ahi still red.  This was served on a cake made of sushi rice, which was grilled.  I dont think I could have picked up a similar sized piece of Ahi from AJs Fine Foods for much less than the $15 pricetag.* Spinach Fettuccine Alfredo - They build their own alfredo sauce in a pan, unlike some others who use the pre-made stuff.Dessert* Tiramisu - Tasted good.  Served in a martini glass.  I've had better and I've had worse.* Hazelnut Bread Pudding topped with Cinnamon Gelato - Frickin fantastic.  It's like there was a party in my mouth, and everyone was invited.Overall, I would have given this meal, and it's creators, a standing ovation.  The place was cute, and the waitresses were too.  Coulter had a great personality, and spent a good amount of time answering our questions.Standing Ovation {clap whilst standing, clap whilst standing, clap...}
5	Infested Mall, Flea-esta Mall, Fiesta Squall.  All names of our , beleaguered, 25 year old-plus work horse of a mall originally known as Fiesta Mall. The West Mesa Mall is undergoing a series of makeovers.  It's new face already has a fabulous beauty mark known as the Grill Square.  It is located on the East side level one next to the glamorous Sears Entrance.Once you're inside, you would never know your in Mesa at all.  From it's sleek  steel and light oak interiors and jade accents to it's eager and very friendly staff, especially Vincent at the Bar.  The food is amazing.  The dinner menu changes nightly.  I enjoyed the Chicken Lettuce Wraps alot.  They were so much better than Poof Chang's (Which I admit are delicious, but so messy).  Grill Square's version has spicy chunks of white meat chicken (not ground), mixed with green pepper and onion pieces in a light sauce.  Instead of the obligatory sheathes of Iceberg lettuce, Grille Square uses medium sized romaine leaves to shroud the meat mixture.  Let me just say-it works real well.  No more scrambling to catch everything that is falling out of crackled vitamin-deprived iceberg lettuce.  A spicy peanut sauce and a delicious red sauce is offered as sides for dipping.  Fantastic.  I ordered Iced tea and was pleasantly surprised when a beautiful glass of green tea with lemon and a mint sprig was placed in front of me.They have a beautiful patio and very reasonable prices.  I highly recommend Grill Square.  Say "hi" to Vincent for me.
1	c l o s e d, discontinued, out o' bidness, gone, history, over, done with, has been, obliterated, seen the last of, by the wayside, six feet under, with Jimmy Hoffa, down there in a lake of fire in a row boat with just one oar saying I shoulda been nicer, pushin' daisies, dead and buried, lights out, poof, boarded up, vacated, abandoned, shelved, ditched, derelict, future home of secret crack house.What's next?
1	Closed
