1	I really didn't expect much from this place, since Fountain Hills has an unfortunate shortage of good eats. (not saying that there aren't good places, just that they are few in number)  Anyways, I had a feta and walnut salad with a vinagerette.  It looked nice, but the taste was something else entirely.  They used iceburg lettuce that it tasted like it was out of a Fresh Express Bag.  There was also so much feta that it would have been overpowering had it not been for the sickeningly sweet vinagerette.  The place does have a view of the fountain if you are there for the tourist thing, but I would recommend going across the street to Euro Pizza.  Euro Pizza sits right on the edge of Fountain Park and has pretty decent eats.
4	My breakfasts this morning at Fireside Grill was very good. This morning I again enjoyed my favorite California Omelet loaded with bacon, cheese and avocado. Fireside Grill is located within the Holliday Inn Fountain Hills, AZ. The service is always welcoming and the view of the World Famous Fountain, Lake and Park is tough to top in downtown Fountain Hills.
5	This is the best place to eat in Fountain Hills. The food is awesome, a nice happy hour, and great customer service!!  There is live entertainment every Thursday and Saturday night, and is alot of fun. While the season allows the best seating is on the large patio with there views of the mountain sunset and the fountain that are spectacular!
4	Was in the area for a wedding and stopped at the bar area between the wedding and reception.  Nice cozy atmosphere, and I heard live music in the main dining area but was too far away to enjoy it.  Bartender was friendly and professional, fast service.  I saw a plate of nachos that I really wish I could have had to time try, but unfortunately we were too rushed.  Compared to other places in the area, I would say this would be one of the nicest places in Fountain Hills for dinner. Would definitely try it next time I'm in the area, especially for the nachos I'm still craving!!
1	Very nice location but food was awful.  Had a chicken salad yuck.  Service stunk big time!
1	Yuck! I had a chicken wrap and it was very dry!!! Chicken seemed like it was frozen before and it was burnt!  Service was ok and the booth is sat in was very broken in! I had to sit on the wooden bar in the middle so I didn't sink in! The long island iced tea was very stiff!
1	09/06/12The floors and tables had crumbs all over. Paint was peeling from the ceiling. Was I still inside the Holiday Inn? It did not seem so.I ordered the "low carb south of the border style"The salsa tasted terrible. The avocado "slivers" we're already brown, yet we're the best part of the meal. The grilled chicken was unspeakable, and so dry I thought it was a freeze dried concoction made for a space mission to Mars. I tried to eat the eggs, and they were about the same as McDonalds in taste/quality/texture. I suppose the cheese on the eggs was decent. The meal definitely should have been 4.99 and not 8.99.The OJ tasted like SunnyD, which I guess isn't bad but for 3.29?I was tempted by the photos of a beautiful lamb shank on the posters on the elevator. (those are 29.99) I wanted to try them, but if they can't get grilled chicken, avocado and eggs right, I'm going to skip and head to the grill across the street or the Puerto Rican place nearby instead.I should have listened to yelpers - shame on me.
4	I have been coming to the Fire Side Grill for breakfast since it opened.  Nothing beats the beautiful atmosphere inside and outside of this place!  The food has always been delicious as well as the service being friendly and attentive.  When I have guests coming to stay in Fountain Hills, I encourage them to stay at the Holiday Inn at Fountain Hills and dine at the Fire Side Grill!  Four Stars from me, as every place can improve in some way! ****
4	The staff are friendly and helpful. The breakfast menu is excellent. My favorite was the cinnamon french toast! The floors and tables were spotless and the whole room had a warm, welcoming atmosphere. I'm definitely coming back.
2	Maybe not the worst but definitely not the best.  I realize that because they are attached to a hotel they may not feel the need to step it up.  That being said they need to realize those guest count too.
3	My wife and I were seated quickly and had our menus and glasses of house merlot in very short order. The merlot, while not served at the proper temperature, was fruity and fairly quaffable at $4.50 a glass. My wife had chicken parmigiana that was certainly better than my prime rib special. A chain saw would have been the appropriate cutting device for the prime rib; however, our waiter, Luis, brought another piece of beef that was considerably better. The pasta dish was tender and had a wonderful sauce. The restaurant's ambiance was enhanced by a  singer with a very pleasant voice singing country songs...songs that must have detailed every bucolic God-forsaken city in Texas, Oklahoma, and Lousey-ana. Still, though, the people in the restaurant enjoyed the songs, even the quaint folks married 62 years who were celebrating their anniversary with champagne. The elderly gentleman accompanied the musician by playing along vicariously with some spoons.
1	We went for Mothers  Day. Our first time there. We took our 3 boys. Our waiter was ok. We always had empty glasses before got another drink.I had the smoked salmon and wild rice. My food was served cold! And the salmon was super salty and super dry on top like it had been sitting out for awhile. The other meals were ok. You got very little food for the amount of money they charge.We won't be going back. $80 with tax & tip for a family of 5. And we had a $25 gift card!
2	I am singularly unimpressed with this place. I've lived in town for four years and for some reason I keep trying this place hoping one day it will change into a place that sells good food at reasonable prices.  Isn't the definition of insanity doing the same thing over and over expecting different results? Easter Brunch: $29 and pretty much completely tasteless. I don't mean the people were rude or the colors clashed, I mean the food had no flavor. Unless someone else buys this place and turns it into a restaurant I won't be back.
5	Great Locally owned and run restaurant with unsurpassed views! They have the best onion soup on the planet and their Rib Eye Steak is cooked to perfection. They steam their veggies with just a bit of Olive Oil.. so healthy and delicious.. Don't let reviews scare you this is a wonderful local dining option. Their desserts are amazing!!!!
2	Great looking place, the food was OK and the service was below borderline.Went in for their breakfast, seated quickly got our beverages (ice tea and coffee) came quickly as well.  The food was... OK, but my breakfast companions eggs which were order over medium came with runny whites, and the "hot and ready biscuit" on their menu was like a brick.  I do not know if our server was just having a bad day, but she seemed rushed and primary concern was anything but waitressing.  She was non-existent after just dropping our plates off at the table and we could hear her talking with someone else about txt'ing schedule changes.  This conversation went on for 10 minutes at least, at no point did she come back to check on us or refill drinks.  We waited another 15 minutes for our server to reappear and mentioned the rock hard biscuit, which she comp'd our drinks (a small carafe of coffee and a large ice tea which were $5!!!) on the ticket.I appreciate the customer service at the end but it was a little too late.  Food was nothing to be excited about, beverages over-priced and the staff inattentive, will not be going back.
1	Absolutely the worst restaurant I have been to in Arizona. They got my order wrong twice and then they got the price wrong. All of which happened on my first time going there. Never again will I go back. After getting the order wrong the first time the waiter had the nerve to argue with me and tell me that that was in fact what I had ordered. How would he know when i originally had a waitress who for some unknown reason was changed to a waiter. When I asked about the switch I wasn't given an answer, I got the feeling it was because the waitress didn't like the color of my skin. It seemed like this place doesnt like minorities at all. Horrible expierence that I never want to go through again.
2	First clue was no one in restaurant. Dinner rolls were burnt and Chicken Parmesan was overcooked. Out of 4 of us at the table ... No one liked their dinner. One friend who is vegan asked for plain noodles with veggies. They accommodated, but then topped it with cheese (not vegan). #fail
