1	Tried this place for the first time for delivery the other night.  We ordered pizza and wings with fries.  They said delivery would be about 45 minutes, after an hour I called and they said they were finishing the order.  Another 45 minutes went by and I called again, this time it was on its way.  So we finally received our order after 2 hours of first calling.  Totally unacceptable!  Our neighbors wanted to try this place so we dined in and gave it another shot.  We decided to eat outside since it was so nice.  The tables were disgusting, they don't clean them apparently.  We had some cheese sticks first which were not cooked enough.  My mom ordered spaghetti and meatballs which was all water on the bottom of the plate and did not taste good.  I had an Italian sub which was gross!  It had some weird after taste.  It took 2 hours to complete our experience there.  In the meantime, 2 couples walked out because it was taking so long.  The waitress smelled of alcohol.  Just a complete mess at this place!  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!  They do not offer to take any food off of your bill either.  I am not sure why they are still open, I am betting they won't be for long.
1	Not worth the troubles. Waited TWO hours for a delivery. Finally had to cancel the order. There just is no reason for a pizza delivery place in the Las Vegas Valley to take that long to make pizza and deliver it. There are plenty of other places to get a pizza delivered. Steer clear of Monte's Pizza Restaurant.
4	hey, i was here last week with friends and we liked the food, yes it took a little longer to get our food but not to long what they told us, so ill go there for sure, i hope i wont be disappointed
5	I eat at Montes pizza many times and I am all ways order new from there menu. Most of the time I spend at Nellis location inside INN ZONE bar playing eating and having fun I love there service garls are nice tasty food what do I need more but my wife came to visit me and she is not in to bar think so she asked me where to go eat so I know Montes have nice location at north las Vegas so we go there and have same family time. Lats make it short I dont know who'd writing what about this is my opinion I love there food  and you guys do what you doing just don't stop and open more locations so we can have tasty food around us
3	Food was ok, but service was not great! They had one cook and one waitress, we waited over 30 mins for garlic knots. Prices ok, but dont think I will go back.
2	The pizza was good, but that is where the 2 stars comes in.  Now here comes the complaints: the ice maker was jamming and the waitress crammed her fingers in the nozzle to get the ice out and put that ice into our cups.  GROSS.  Secondly, they served us 2 orders of hard/raw potato skins and instead of them removing it from the bill they only took 10% off the order.  Note: Tax in LV is 8.1% so there was no big discount there.  The cheesecake must have been uncovered because it had an aftertaste that was disgusting.  Father's day dinner was ruined and over 50 bucks for a disgusting meal.  I used to love Monte's but we will never go back.
4	Food has almost always been good here.  I think there was only 1 time where we said "what the heck were they doing while making THIS?" My only complaint is the wait time, mainly for delivery.  I live less than a mile away from this place and it took them almost 2 hours to deliver our food. I called and they forgot one of our items, so they had to go back.  It was a large order (pizza, wings, knots and some other stuff), so I was as nice as possible when the delivery lady came, lets face it I was super hungry by that point.We're still going to eat here, I'm just going to continue to call and pick up the order.  Fettuccine Alfredo is bomb & so are the chicken wings (garlic parm...yummy!!), my husband loves the angel hair with meat sauce (I would order extra if you like sauce, they charge $1 extra but it's worth it) & really great garlic knots & fried zucchini sticks too.  I give it 4 stars because of the delivery fiasco, and it's a little on the expensive side, but some of the time I can stretch it for 2 meals so that almost makes up for it.  Overall, they've stepped up their game, and are pumping out some really good food.  We'll be back for sure.
1	This place has terrible service and crap food.  Order a pizza for delivery and am told it will be 45 minutes.  An hour and a half later the driver shows up with a cold pizza.  I call to complain and their offer is, we will give you a discount on the next one.  And why would I want to try a Next one?  Too bad they spend money for advertising, because they are not where you want to order from.
1	We have ordered from this place every week but tonight we ordered a half meat half cheese pizza at 4:57. Two hours later we still had no food. We called to ask where it was and were told it was already on the way. Forty-five minutes later still no food. Called and this time were told that our food was delivered to some random house. Manager could not tell us if some stranger had signed our credit card slip but that they would make a new pizza to send out (which would be another 30 minutes). And that almost three hours waiting for our food the manager would take a whopping $5 off our bill. Delivery driver shows up 45 minutes later with the wrong pizza. These people are stupid. Good pizza but horrible customer service.
1	Worst customer service ever.  The food isn't much better either.  Thought I would try a new place since we were sick of pizza. Ordered 2 sides of fries, a sandwich, a burger, 2 chocolate mousse cakes and a two liter of soda.  Total was 37 and some change, which was A little pricey for what I ordered ( in my opinion). Delivery time wasnt too bad like I see some other yelpers had an issue with,  but both the quality of food and customer service was pathetic. The cheese on both sandwiches wasnt melted and the meat was room temperature. The fries all looked like the overcooked little crispy pieces you find toward the bottom of a McDonald's container and Both cakes were a pile of Mush in the containers they came in. The only item that arrived both completely intact and to my satisfaction was the 2 liter of Soda.I called to complain and was first offered a discount the next time I ordered. I was not interested in ordering ever again so that wasnt good enough. I was then offered to have my order remade and delivered. Uhh, no. So my food can be spit in? I don't think so. After no interest in returning my money I packed everything up and drove down there. My husband went in to be the muscle, and a few minutes later returned to the car without the money and without the food. He said the lady inside handed him 37.50 and when he told her we tipped and gave the driver an even $40, she said we would have to wait for the driver to return for verification. At that point she realized the order was placed online and tried to take the money back out of my husband's hand. When he wouldn't release it, she threatened to call the police to report a robbery. ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME! !!??I asked why and apparently since I ordered online I would have to contact eat24 directly to get a refund. He was told it was because I used a credit card. Wait.. no I didn't.  I paid cash.  Specifically,  two 10's and a 20. Irritated,  my husband went back inside and not even 10 seconds later came out with $40.well that seemed Easy enough, What'd she say?Sorry.Seriously ? Sorry?  After all that,  just sorry?I will never be ordering from this place again and based on my experience and others,  I don't think too many people would recommend it either. To the girl at the register, You have a lot of nerve threatening to call the cops on a customer because you were fucking up.  Unbelievable. Don't bother ordering from here, Find something else.. anything.
5	Not sure why everyone is complaining...our experience was great. We ordered a HUGE (24 inch) pepperoni pizza. Didn't take long at all and the staff was super nice and helpful. The crust was really good and there wasn't too much cheese. Everyone liked it so much we ordered again today.
1	Our food arrived in a timely manner, but when we opened the box, it looked like it had been dragged behind the car and the pizza was destroyed.Ordered the pizza with extra sauce and it had no sauce and no flavor.The Appetizer Sampler had 3 jalapeno poppers, 3 mozzarella sticks, 4 un-breaded slivers of zucchini, two un-breaded onion rings and what looked to be the scrapings from the bottom of the deep fryer. Bleh!My wife called to complain about the pizza and we were offered a credit towards a pizza in the future, but to be honest, I don't think we will ever go back.
1	Ordered delivery and it took 1hour and 30minutes to be delivered. The pizza was cold, charged me 5$ for delivery when the ad in the mail states 1.30$, not knowing I gave the driver a tip plus the $5 they charged me. When I called to check on my delivery the lady was grumpy and unpleasant. The pizza sucks, the hot wings suck they were sitting in grease not sauce, the only thing that I enjoyed was the soda! DON'T EAT HERE!!!!
1	I can't believe that this place is even still in business!  We ordered delivery and it took over 2 hrs and 20 minutes to get to us.  When we complained and stated that we should get this for free, they told us no and would only give 50% off.  The pizza was cold and the food was terrible.  This place should be shut down and take a course in customer service.  Not sure how you expect to have a business when you can't give any service or quality assurance!DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR MONEY - never again.
5	I also do not understand why there are horrible reviews for this location. My husband and I order from there quite regularly. Every time the food is amazing. So far we have had their pizza, wings, salads, burgers, fries, and garlic knots. All of have been great every time we ordered. We do pick up primarily but, when we eat in the service is always excellent.
1	How long does it take to make a bacon cheese burger?! Well let's just say I've been sitting here for 20 minutes and my boyfriends burger is not ready. Doesn't hurt for the people around here to smile either
4	I was really hesitant to try this place after the reviews but because it's so close to my house I took a chance. I think it's delicious! I've only had the pizza so I can't speak for any of the other food but the pizza has always been good. I'm so happy to find a good pizza place so close to home!
1	I walked In and stood there for over 5 min calling for someone and ringing their bell but no one came to busy chatting in the back very rude
4	After seeing the two star rating on Yelp, I have to admit that I was a little apprehensive about eating at Monte's. But we were in the area and needed some fast food,  so what the heck, why not? We were greeted when we walked in and asked to sit wherever we wanted.  The place was dead; most people coming in were ordering to-go. Our waitress was meek and soft spoken,  but she was on point for refills.  My husband and brother-in-law guzzled down at least 4 cokes a piece.  I took advantage of the Yelp check in offer and got 12 garlic knots for free! They came out after 10 minutes and were promptly demolished.  The knots were served up hot and loaded with garlic and parmesan cheese. We all ordered from the "specials" menu. I ordered a slice of cheese pizza with a side of garlic knots ($3.99). It was $0.50 extra to add mushrooms.  My husband got the same special but with pepperoni.  The brother-in-law ordered a large pepperoni pizza ($7.99). When the food came out,  it was seriously right off the oven. The pizzas had the perfect amount of cheese.  Our grand total for two people?  $11.32!! When all is said and done, the only major complaint I had was that it took just under 30 minutes to get our meals. Under normal circumstances we wouldn't have minded but it just so happened we were in a rush. We ordered pizzas and garlic knots- not anything crazy like a time consuming calzone. Even so, the wait time still doesn't affect my choice of a four star rating because the service was great, the food was good,  and the prices phenomenal. We'll be returning to Monte's!
4	New owner! Great food especially white pizza ! Yummy!! They had c rating and service was bad! Now with new owner ! Much great improvement! Cheap to eat and good daily specials!
4	This review can go two ways:  the food & everything else.The bad:One problem is the place is so plain.  No culture.  No ambience.  Just tables, chairs, & a few TVs for the patrons.  But if you're taking it to go, you won't care anyway.The service was just ok.  It took forever to get our drinks.  When I asked what the holdup was, I was told the ice machine.  But once the drinks finally arrived, everything else started flowing.  Again, the wait to go was typical as long as you stay away from the ice machine!The good:The food.  Typical NY pizza...and while it's not the best I've had, it's still better than say, Bambini's.  The garlic knots were well seasoned. My wife had chicken wings.  They looked plump, and she thought they were good. The salads were basic.  I'd expect artichokes in an Antipasta salad, for example.The price:  Overall, the prices looked competitive.  They offer plenty of specials to help save some cash.All in all, taking the food to go will save some of these headaches & enjoy some decent food.
1	Oh God I wish I would have read these reviews before I came here. Worst experience ever. I ordered my food over the phone and was told it would be done in 20 minutes. We got there in 30 minutes. As we were about to pay, my husband saw a guy in the kitchen drop a bag a fries on the floor, which spilled out all over the floor, scoop the fries back into the bag and then dump them into the fryer. My husband said something to the cashier, ("did he really just do that?") and the woman got so pissed. She told him he must not know what he had seen and that the guy definitely threw the fries in the trash, not the fryer. My husband started to dispute it with her but I told him to leave it alone. We didn't order fries anyway and I'm starving. The woman WOULD NOT let it go. She kept going on and on about it even though we said it was fine and we just wanted our food. Even though we were there after the time they said it would be done the woman said with a smirk that it wasn't ready yet. We sat down in the dining area and waited ANOTHER 20 minutes. I finally go to ask the same woman how much longer it would be. She ignores me the first time and the second time I said something she just told me give her a minute and went on ignoring me. I sat back down and waited another 10 minutes before I finally asked her as she walked by if she had time to talk to me yet. She looked at me blankly. I said, "When. Will. My. Food. Be. Done." She smiled condescendingly and said "10 more minutes" she was obviously very pleased with herself. I told her to keep that shit, got my money back and left. NEVER AGAIN!
1	If I could give a 0 star review I would. Let me start by saying the pizza isn't that bad and the garlic knots are pretty good but that's about it for the positive remarks...this place was SO bad that they took about 15-20 minutes (not exaggerating) to get the drinks and not a SINGLE refill was delivered by them, (I actually got my entire tables refills the whole time we were there) and the pizza took every bit of 45 minutes to get to us and before you ask it was not busy at all...us and 2 other tables doesn't constitute that long of a wait for 2 pizzas and a calzone. Oh and one more thing to add 2 different groups walked out waiting for their to-go orders while we waited for our order because they felt the wait was too long. So in short save your money and just go eat at ANY other place unless you're ok with waiting 30+minutes for a mediocre pizza at best.
1	If I could give a 0 star review I would. Let me start by saying the pizza isn't that bad and the garlic knots are pretty good but that's about it for the positive remarks...this place was SO bad that they took about 15-20 minutes (not exaggerating) to get the drinks and not a SINGLE refill was delivered by them, (I actually got my entire tables refills the whole time we were there) and the pizza took every bit of 45 minutes to get to us and before you ask it was not busy at all...us and 2 other tables doesn't constitute that long of a wait for 2 pizzas and a calzone. Oh and one more thing to add 2 different groups walked out waiting for their to-go orders while we waited for our order because they felt the wait was too long. So in short save your money and just go eat at ANY other place unless you're ok with waiting 30+minutes for a mediocre pizza at best.
2	We have been customers for a while now the delivery is usually ok I sent in a comment to the company to note our concern,  they never even responded it took almost 2 hr to get a large pepperoni delivered to our address which they have done on several occasions however this Friday it was cold not in a insulated bag and the driver didn't even show concern NEVER and I mean NEVER will I order from them they just take your money with no concern of customer service or returning customers well there are just to many pizza joint to put up with this
3	Tried this place last night. Called my order in chicken Alfredo when I got their she gave me my order when I looked at it I told her their was no chicken she looked at me with dead stair and said this is what you ordered I replied no I ask for chicken Alfredo so she rolled her eyes and fixed the order. The food on another hand was good. Don't think I'll be back
1	The worst garbage food and service EVER!!!
1	My friend and I just ordered Montes for delivery. Based on the reviews I was hesitant but they are dead on.We ordered a burger and pasta. Fries were cold! THE BEST PART ABOUT IT. We ordered a piece of cheesecake too.  The Delievery man forgot it and went back to get it. Instead of going to the restaurant and getting it he went to CARLS JR. AND GOT IT!!! The Carl's Jr. Is the same distance as Montes from my house. The lady on the phone didn't apologize until I mentioned yelp the tone in her voice changed. When the driver came back I asked where the side of ranch was and he said I don't pack the orders and ran off!! This place sucks!!!!!!!
1	We thought that when the name changed they may have also improved the quality of the food, but we were wrong. It really is not worth going again. Best thing is the fact that they are open late. But McDonald's is too so you may as well go there. Better food and way cheaper.
1	My husband and I stopped in for lunch. We both ordered the Philly cheese steak. It started out good until I was stuck in the cheek by a twist tie in my sandwich! Yes a twist tie with paper on it! Man what a way to end your lunch. This was the first time there and it will be the last. Sorry I have to give them 0 stars.
