4	There are very few places in the US (outside Jackson Heights/New Jersey, I'm sure) that serve the one of a kind Bombay Frankie - a stuffed paratha filled burrito-style with vegetable or meat curry, lovely chutneys, and other delicious fixings! When I heard that Zyggy's just opened this past superbowl Sunday, I just had to see for myself if this ranked up there with Roti Rolls in Morningside Heights, NYC.  When I walked in to the tackily- decorated restaurant, with murals of twilight at the beach and Aishwariya Rai enjoying a drink with a man I could only describe as an Indian creeperton, I was a bit taken aback. But,  I was immediately greeted by the staff, who were all extremely friendly! I ordered the paneer "Zyggy" roll - cubes of paneer marinated in a masala sauce with onions and bell pepper, topped of with a spicy ginger chutney.  They ask you what level of spice you would like on a scale from 1-10, and I was able to handle my roll at a whopping 9 - much to the surprise of the staff.  Admittedly, Zyggy's doesn't live up to Roti Roll goodness, but it definitely beats out the much popular Kati Roll Factory in Times Square, and the sad little Los Angeles knock-off Kabob Korner on Pioneer Blvd. I can't wait to try the Chicken Tikka Masala and the Pav Bhaji (which they describe as an Indian-version of a Sloppy Joe for their midwestern patrons!) For C-U, this place rocks! I wish them oodles of success!
4	I like burritos.  I like Indian food.  I like ridiculously surreal moments.Zyggy's offers a little bit of all of them.Zyggy's Rolls are like burritos, wrapped in paratha and filled with a variety of meats, or paneer (cheese) or aloo (potatoes).  I couldn't pick, so I went for both paneer AND aloo in one roll.  Because I'm greedy.  And awesome.Now, for the atmosphere.  First off, the old Basil Thai has been painted with nearly neon paint creating some super exotic, fanciful jungletastic cruise.  A woman looking frighteningly like Aishwarya Rai is painted on the wall chatting with a creepy looking guy.  Screeching monkeys and howling tigers are painted on the dim walls as well in bright colors.  Now imagine this space--filled with bluegrass music.  That's right, kinda jungly background, competing against the joys of twangling banjos.  Greatest thing ever.Until you realize your'e being served by super hippie white guys with long blond dreds who are working in a pseudo Indian restaurant and snapping along to bluegrass twangs.  What the hell is this place?Awesome, that's what it is.The food is delicious, spiced to your specifications, and fantastic.  The restaurant is a terrifyingly bizarre mishmash of everything, but it comes together.  So go eat a semi-Indian burrito contraption surrounded by painted monkeys, a Bollywood starlet, and white boy dreds all about.Awesome.
4	Zyggy's serves a small but excellent menu of Indian fast food at bargain prices. My companion and I sampled the lamb wrap ($5, includes drink), potato wrap ($5, includes drink), pav bhaji (Indian mixed veg on bread, $4.25) and hummus ($2.95). All were fresh and spicy goodness, the tastes were familiar from my visits to much more expensive Indian restaurants in town. We spoke to the owner, who tells us they make everything fresh in house, including a special blend of falafel. We will definitely be back to try that out! Service was fast and friendly. A great value overall!
4	Zyggyz is a delightful addition to Campustown. It provides a welcome alternative to the sandwich,sandwich,sandwich, Chinese takeout lineup on Green St. I had heard the buzz and wanted to check it out so I dragged the boy there on Friday night before we headed out for the night. We both tried the lamb zyggy roll ($5) and fries (he had regular ($2.50), I had the masala (a little extra.. maybe $2.95)). The roll consisted of very tender chunks of lamb and sauteed assorted veggies (red and green bell peppers and onions) stuffed inside a freshly fried paratha. The guy who took our order asked us on a scale of 1-10 how spicy we wanted it.. we both said 5  and it was very nice.. flavorful and spicy but I didn't feel the need to guzzle the drink that came with the roll. My one complaint is that the roll is a little greasy and next time I may ask for it in a pita.. however this would be perfect with a beer. The fries were standard crinkle cuts from the freezer. They were hot (but came about 10 minutes after our rolls) and I really liked the masala spice on top of mine, especially when I dipped the fries in the sweet chutney I found by the utensils and napkins. I'm not a huge fan of crinkle cut fries, so if zyggyz switches to a shoestring variety I'd be much more likely to pay the price ($3 for a small tray of fries is pushing it). Aside from that and the timing hiccup, I'm really pleased with my visit and can't wait to try the rest of the menu!
4	Zyggyz's is an unusual fast-food Indian restaurant of a kind I've not seen elsewhere.    While they do have some of the usual North Indian staples, their specialty is what they call "rolls", which are something like a burrito: an Indian-style filling wrapped inside a flatbread (roti/chapati).   I've had the aloo (potato) and paneer (cheese) rolls, and both were really excellent.  The decor is a little odd, more like a Tiki bar than an Indian restaurant.   The music is also too loud for comfort, fitting with the owner's vision of the place as the Chipotle of Indian food.  The service seems to be slower than at Za's or some of the other places on Green, but perhaps the pace will pick up once the staff gets more experienced.  I've eaten there 4 times since discovering the place 6 days ago, and will surely do so many more times in the future.
4	Interesting concept!  I can dig on an Indian variation on fast food.  I had an Aloo zyggy roll and masala fries.  The masala fries were delightfully spicy and crispy.  The Aloo roll was sort of like a curried potato burrito.  I'm all about this place!
5	i don't know why, but i wasn't expecting this place to be any good. i guess maybe because i'm a die-hard bombay grill fan and didn't expect it to be up to that standard. well, i was 110% wrong! i had a chicken tikka masala/chana masala combo and it was absolutely delicious. the staff was extremely helpful and polite and the outdoor seating was really nice on a sunny day. this place deserves a big thumbs up. yum!
3	I had mixed reviews (mostly negative) about this place from colleagues and friends. But when i visited Zyggys i wasnt disappointed one bit. The chicken Zyggy roll was awesome and so was aloo. The menu is mixed up with both Indian and Greek cuisines. You can customize the spice levels as per your personal taste by requesting the chef. I love spicy food and the Zyggy rolls tasted fantastic, with the spice level set to 8 on a scale of 10. If you like spicy/Indian stuff, this is definitely one place you can count upon in Champaign. Dont let the exterior look of the restaurant scare you, as it looks like a 'running out of business' kinnna restaurant. You might even feel, they might serve you left overs from yesterday (just kiddin). Hehe, I just think they should work on presenting themselves better than they do now. They can improve the interiors and definitely need to light up the outside of the restaurant makin it look more happening.
4	I braved the Green Street At Lunchtime During the School Year-crowds to go to Zyggyz.  Mind you, I'm more of a "F--k paying money to deal with lots of people, I'm eating free lunch at my desk"-type, so this was a big deal.Hungry Undergrad-dazed, I stepped into Zyggyz.  My two friends and I were the only people there.  Bad for Zyggyz, good for us.  I ordered a combo plate of Saag Paneer and Coconut Curry Chicken (a combo which made my heart explode with glee).  I paid something like $6 for what was a dinner-sized plate of food.  That completely rules.  The currry was very good, but the saag (incredibly sadly) fell short.  It was a little bland.  It wasn't bad per se, just not up to my admittedly high expectations for Saag-anything.I felt like it took a long time for the food to come out (given that we were the only people there), but I could've just been impatient for delicious Indian food.  After all, my tummy can't tell time.
4	This place was really good. I thought it was funny that a place billed as fast food was so slow. I think Bombay Grill is actually faster. Also, for whatever reason, none of the Indian places on campus actually make spicy food. They didn't ask me if I wanted it spicy or not, I suppose I could have specified. I'm scared to press my luck, so I just have to add hot sauce.I ordered channa masala and chicken curry, with a big serving of rice and a piece of partha on the side. Actually it seemed more like naan, but it was still delicious. Pretty tasty, I'd go again because I wanna try the burrito roll things.
4	Whoa I've been craving Indian food and falafel like no other. This place completely cured that (well...except now I'm kind of addicted and want to go back).The place is on Green Street, but it's situated inside a corrider-Old-Orchard-like hideaway, so going inside made me forget that I was on campus for the yummy 30 minutes I was inside.I went today for a late lunch (about 2 PM) and the place was empty. The menu is taped to the counter top, right in front of the register, so you have the luxury to peruse the menu at your leisure while the cashier rushes around, helping the cooks and basically doing everything she can before helping the hungry people waiting in line. That was great for me, because I was having a hard time choosing what I should get.The interior is sparse. There are about 6 tables, with bench like chairs, and the walls have a weird bamboo motif that I'm not sure I was getting. Indian music blares from the stereo and a muted soccer game was playing on the big screen TV. The bathrooms were passably clean.My sister got the vegetarian sloppy joe (a HUGE serving that came with three hamburger buns), my mom got the falafel platter (teeny weeny, but 6 yummy falafels nestled on top of paprika-speckled hummus between 6 slices of pita), and I got the paneer Zyggy roll (SO SPICY at level 3). We also split a mango lassai to share, which was so creamy and thick I think I went to mango heaven (I do wish it was colder, but that was probably because I was alternating between ice water and mango lassai and the spicy roll). Like the previous reviewer, Zyggyz took a while to get the food out, but everything turned out amazing so I'm not complaining. When you order, the cashier asks how spicy you want your food, from a level of 1 to 10. Now. I'm a Korean, so I know spicy food, but I asked for 3 and OH MAN! My mouth is STILL on FIRE. My roll came out wrapped in foil, and it was basically a cheese cube and vegetable burrito slathered in spicy Indian sauce. I could live on that alone. My mom's falafel platter was good, but it was incredibly small. My sister absolutely loved her sloppy joes and asked for more bread. She was just munching away. The cilantro sprinkled on top was a great touch. To me, the first bite of the sloppy joe was AMAZING, but then it kind of got...not so tasty after a while. But that could all be because my tongue tastebuds were numbed.I am definitely going back to try the aloo Zyggy roll, but after studying the menu online and trying out tips from other Yelpers. DID I MENTION IT'S DIRT CHEAP? My wallet was very pleased.
4	I'm not very familiar with Indian food, and I realize that this is a very Americanized place, so this review is written with that in mind.The food here is decent.  It's oily, as others have noted...  very oily...  which is the biggest strike against it.  I prefer the Zyggy rolls over the rice platters, and am going to try the falafel the next time I'm here (I love falafel).I don't come here regularly, but maybe once every month or two.  I prefer more traditional Indian food, or internationalized/Americanized traditional foods (samosas, tandoori chicken with basmati and/or roti/naan, pullao, etc.), but for the niche this restaurant fills, it's excellent other than the oiliness.The spiciness...  there's quite a bit of it, as well as of salt, and that I usually get the spiciest that I can.  I'm Chinese, but my father is a Vietnamese-born Chinese, so I'm used to and like to push my limits on spiciness (Koreans have nothing on the Viets!).  It's still tasty, but the food snob in me recommends getting around 6 if you want the best blend of spiciness and taste receptivity.Delivery from this place is very nice.  =)  It's free, the food is cheap, and it's usually reasonably quick, and the food is still very hot.
4	When I came to Champaign I was going through Indian food withdrawal.  I ordered the lamb roll and the chicken roll, both at a spiciness level of 7 or 8 (different visits), and they were pretty good.  The lamb roll was quite oily but it was tasteful.  They also have a variation on crinkle cuts that they call "masala fries": crinkle cuts covered in a mixture of spices.  Though these fries are quite tasty, I think the price is a bit much (more than $3)They have good deals on the EatCU website (such as free mango lassi sometimes, or various roll+side combos), and they also have free delivery (a rarity in Champaign-Urbana).  One time the driver forgot to bring the fries with my order, but said he would get back to me.  I called 30 min later stating that I didn't want my fries anymore (with no malice, I just didn't feel like asking them to come all the way to my place when I was already full), the woman on the phone was very apologetic, so I bear no hard feelings.  Good place, keep an eye out for those coupons/eatCU deals.
4	If you are looking to get some cheap Indian food at decent quality, this is your place. They have quick service and good food. Its a pretty simple menu with all your simple Indian favorites, nothing fancy. It's one of my favorite places to go with friends and satisfy that Indian craving and not spend $15.
4	Cheap, tasty Indian food - Champaign really needed a place like this. Anywhere else, I would probably be a bit more critical. But this is great for a quick snack, light night eats, anything really. It's a fun atmosphere and I've always had a good time. I hope this place thrives and more people give it a chance (it always seems a bit empty when I walk by).
2	Although the zyggyz rolls are still tasty, and they have added non-crinkle cut fries to the menu, I have to update my previous review. I've now tried the indian platters, and they are not great. The chicken is tough, the curries are a bit too sweet... If you're craving indian food, this probably will not cut it unless you've had a beer too many. Also (and this is what really did it in for me), I paid an extra $2 for 'naan', and got a piece of pita bread. Unacceptable.
2	Indian junk food. Good when drunk, avoid otherwise.
3	Update: Had Zyggyz again, and I liked it more. The beef curry was good, chicken tikka masala was a big sweet for me, but ok.
2	Kinda blah, and they didn't have any samosas OR pakoras. Cheap and open late, though!
3	The last time I went here, they ran out of naan. ...Really, no naan? Granted it was 3am, but still. I wanted my naan!Ha - ok, so I won't hold that against them, I'm still a fan. The food isn't really 'fresh,' it sits out in huge pots and they scoop your food out when you order, but it does the job of satisfying all the poor, intoxicated college students wandering the streets of Champaign craving Indian food. Perfect!Champaign already has a pricey, upscale Indian restaurant, so Zyggyz is a great fit for the area.So, next time you're out, stumble your way into Zyggyz and give it a shot. Even if you don't like it, you probably won't even remember the next morning.
