5	Garrett does a fantastic job and he is super nice! Even the basic wash makes your car look brand new. The best part is that he comes to you! It is so convenient, especially when you have a busy work schedule. Just call him up and he will come to your office. He really cares about doing a great job and obtaining loyal customers. When I had something wrong with weird hard water spots on my car he was willing to go above and beyond to help get rid of them. I highly recommend anyone and everyone use him!!!
5	Garrett did a fantastic job cleaning and detailing my vehicle. I have a 2012 Subaru WRX Sti and wanted to make sure the paint was maintained properly with a good washing and sealant application. Ive had several cars in the past ranging from Supras, M3, GTO, etc, so i'm somewhat of a car nut. I've also had some pretty sub par experiences with "other" mobile detailers here in the East Valley. They would charge you and arm and a leg ($90-$100) and would only take 1 hour to complete the job using 1 person. Now im not an expert at math or anything, but unless they had more than 2 arms, a QUALITY detail sure as heck takes more than 1 hour, i know this from doing them myself. Quality work takes time, especially if you want it done right.Garrett was easy to work with, we set a time of 6am to start before it starting heating up outside. He showed up on time at 6, introduced himself, and started to work. Everything he has is self contained, so its very professional, he has everything he needs to complete the job. We discussed over the phone that it would take 2-3 hours to complete the detail because he had to use the polisher to apply the sealant. I would rather pay someone good money for a complete job, rather than a half assed job because they wanted to get done quickly.He had great attention to detail and even used some cutting compound to remove some surface scratches i had not previously noticed. Overall a great experience and great quality work for this price, especially for the time he takes, also dealing with the Arizona heat. Highly recommended!
1	I really hate to do this because I like Garret very much. But for the last month he has completely blown me off. Originally this was a 5 star review, and I am keeping those comments below.Excellent professional service. Garret is a straight shooter in a profession that seems to attract a lot of BS artists. My car was a tough one - black, with lots of baked on water spots. They had to spend a lot of time to get it right and kept the price very fair. Got the headlights and "chrome" cleaned up too. Garret is very concerned that he does quality work and that the customer is happy.
5	Garrett does great work. My 2013 Tahoe looks better than new. We will definately be using him again in the future.
