3	Found in the same shopping center with Jo Jo China Bistro (and another several dozen shops), the location is great.  It's right next to the fountain, and on a warm spring night, the ability to pop in for a single-serving dessert and a drink, then sit on the patio by the fountain, or even around the corner and listen to music, is perfect.What is missing is that the market cafe concept isn't quite the same as the full-fledged grocery store of other locations, such as Philips Place.  That's not to say that the other locations are actually full-fledged grocery stores, but if you've ever been, you should know what I mean.Frankly, I think that Dean &amp; Deluca is missing a bit here.  The "market cafe" concept seems to be to just be off the mark.  I'm not a regular patron of either type, but it seems that the full-service location offers just about everything that the cafe does, and more, while the cafe falls just a bit short.Perhaps the idea is that by putting the stripped-down version, they simply aren't selling items that won't sell in this environment, but I would have loved to have been able to purchase some wine and cheese and sit by the fountain and enjoy some music, but it wasn't possible.The ability to get some dessert was nice, but it wasn't what I was after.  And Philips Place was too far away (and didn't have the music, or the rest of my party), so it was a bit of a let-down.  Another time, perhaps this would have fit better.
4	I will agree, the establishment seems a bit snobby, but I really enjoy the sandwiches.  They are made with fresh ingredients and they whip them up pretty quickly, even when the line is kinda long.  I like to come here on gorgeous Sunday afternoons and grab a tuna sandwich and sit outside with a Fosters.  I have noticed that it is mostly an upper-middle class, older crowd, this doesn't sway me from coming here though.  The prices are a little steep for a sandwich and a beer, but the bread is fresh and the tomatoes that I had on my sandwich were so juicy and plump.  It is a nice place to sit and have a nice conversation near the fountain.  Go here for an afternoon delight.
4	I like places like these: outdoor dining, cafe food inside a market with lots of other goodies to take home (cookies, candy, coffee, chocolate, etc.). There is a decent amount of options for lunch, and the food is fresh and quickly made in front of you, visible for you to see. Service is very friendly and the interior as well as the exterior is great. Very good place for a casual lunch a bright day with a pal.
5	I'd never been quite so amazed as when I saw a Dean & Deluca in Charlotte. It's a little piece of New York set up in the south. Delicious baked goods, try the Macaroon Madness it's so good I got mad! So good that after tasting it the lady in front of me got one too and she didn't even want a bag because she knew she was going to handle it immediately. The sandwiches are fresh, the people are pleasant and it's a shame they don't have one in LA.
4	I love Dean and Deluca...they always have the best sandwiches and salads!  When I arrived in town for Thanksgiving, it was the first place I visited.I love that you can visit and get a whole meal to go, eat lunch there, or go for a dessert and coffee.  It truly is all things for all people.I only wish we had one in Houston!
5	Always a favorite no matter the city.I'm always extremely satisfied when I leave Dean & Deluca. Whether it's a small quiet location like this or a packed one in NYC, it seems the same to me. It has everything, soups, salads, sandwiches, sushi, etc. All the drinks you could ask for and not to mention the sweets. Once I spot a Dean & Deluca I have to run in and admire all the cupcakes, cookies, brownies, candies and cakes. I try to do the right thing and get a small cup of butternut squash soup for lunch but rather find myself leaving with an entire cake (able to feed a small army). Dean & Deluca is a great restaurant with amazing food & service!
5	I must praise D&D.Their version of a Cobb salad, while not accurate to the actual recipe, is closer than most (Daily Grill is the only restaurant not named "The Brown Derby" to nail it, including the dressing and presentation). As a bonus, they assemble it for you freshly when you order, building the salad within the to-go box as you watch, putting the hardboiled eggs through the dicer and slicing half an avocado for the salad on the spot--dinner and a show.Browsing the desserts and pastries section is like visiting an art gallery. The workmanship on some of the cakes is remarkable, and I've never had a bad dessert there (just ones I liked more than others).The sandwiches are likewise very good and the portions are large.They also feature splits of various wines, if you want a couple of glasses while you eat there or if you're assembling a picnic lunch on the fly. Sitting outside by the water fountain (which does a decent job of drowning out the noise from Rea Rd) can be a very enjoyable venue.Definitely worth the visit.
4	While not as well-stocked as the Philips Place location, this little store-front has a lot to offer... whether you are looking for a cup of coffee, a  delicious sweet treat, or a prepared salad or entree, they have a bit of everything. It's also nice to stop in for a beer or wine before sitting on the patio to catch a bit of music during the spring/fall outdoor music series.
5	The food here is amazing! We've had hot and cold entrees, desserts, salads, sandwiches, and bottles pasta sause, pesto, etc. I don't like that I have to walk to the back to order food, then to the front to pay, then to the middle to sit and eat. Wish they had table servers, but I'm not going to cut their rating because that is just their setup. All food is fresh and delicious. One exception: their recipe for 7-layer bar has raisins, which is not to my liking, even though I like raisins. They just don't belong in a 7-layer bar.Really miss the D&D at the lake. Used to get Christmas baskets there for employees and it was easy and perfect. Maybe they'll come back...
4	I regularly visit Dean & Deluca with friends for wine and sushi and I must say it's never let us down so far.  You can find good wine at a reasonable price and the same goes for sushi.I have yet to branch out and try their hot/cold food but I hear very good things.  Their coffee/espresso bar hits the spot and they have soymilk!  Score!The place is clean and the staff is very helpful.The one and ONLY complaint I have (and the reason there are only four stars instead of five) is the uncovered pastry counter.  I will never eat a pastry at Dean & Deluca until they start putting them behind a glass case.  Seems way too unsanitary for me.  And flies always seem to find a way in to places like this.  Please - D&D, if you're reading this, cover those cupcakes!!
1	Consumer fraud that's whyI've been jonesing for fresh squeezed OJ since we moved here from Miami. In South Fla it sells in most supermarkets by the jug and I had some every morning with my coffee, here no joy so far.So I finally drive to the nearest D & D and I see they have a plastic cup of OJ with a sign in front of it saying "Fresh Orange juice" $2.I say "Great! can I buy jug or a large bottle of that?" .The girl brings me a jug of freaking TROPICANA pasteurized o.j. WTF!!! Fresh? I ask for the manager she happened to be taken inventory right in front of the "Fresh" oj.  I tell the woman that I drove over to her store to get FRESH OJ, not  Tropicana. She looks at me and responds "We don't sell fresh OJ". I say " No? and what does it say on the sign right in front of you??"OH. Yeah. She takes the sign away and thanks me for pointing it out. Wanna bet the Fresh OJ sign was back on the shelf before I even left? It's not like they don't charge enough!
1	Although ALL D & D  market Tropicana as "Fresh Orange Juice" Yelp's management has decided that I could only warn fellow Yelpers about the one store that I had been to ..... and deleted the other reviews.Fine, when I  find the time I'll check out each one in turn and report on them- unless other Yelpers ask the store they go to what "Fresh" Oj means. 8^P
3	Now- in my profile I admit I hate yuppie places. This is one of those. Yes the selection of cakes and sweet tooth galore items look wonderful, and my husband assures me the stuff that gets catered to his work is to die for I dont like places that charge way over the top prices whle the ceiling over the bakery box is peeling and the vents above your heads while eating your $8-9 sandwich had a ton of nasty dust on it.Yes this place has a beautiful array of food choices to eat in or take home. the "sirloin" sandwich on the overhead menu that I ordered was described in the catering menu as a "roast beef", and that is what I got, slices of roast beef with COLD carmelized purple onions on cold sour dough bread. I for some dang reason thought I was going to get a sirloin steak like sandwich that would be warm!I also had a small amount of lobster bisque, which was REALLY good. my daughter had the classic pizza which was a cheese pizza with pepperoni and pretty good sausage. i'm sorry but the only bargin in this place was the $10 pizza. over $5 for a slice of cake? and if you want the whole 2 layer 9" round cake that will run you $48! un believable.Now if the place was 5 star quality I could see charging prices like this. But my sandwich was $8 all by itself. and wasnt all that great. YUPPIE place. sorry but I can make a better sandwich at home. the staff seemed very very pleasant
3	Its a high end (which means High Priced) deli. While their food is really good the only turnoff is the prices. i understand that they use good quality foods but $75 for a small cake??
3	Good place for a dessert or a meal on-the-go. There is not as much selection as the Phillips Place location but still, it has what you need.I am always impressed by the meal selections - sandwiches and pizzas cooked to your liking, yummy soups, and a large variety of pre-made sides, salads and meats you and purchase by the pound.There's also a dessert and coffee bar. On my most recent trip, I got a buckeye and a cake ball. I was disappointed in the buckeye - the chocolate outside was good, but the peanut butter inside was bland. The cake ball however, was very dense, moist & decadent. I should have gotten two of those!
3	Tried Dean & Deluca for lunch the other day. I agree with the other posters, that it seems to be a little overpriced. I also ordered the "sirloin" sandwich, and was expecting something more steak-like than a cold roast beef sandwich. The service was good and they have some unique items, but it just didn't impress me very much.
4	Really great place for lunch. I love their salads and sandwiches.
5	Dean and Deluca at Stonecrest is a great place for lunch, coffee, dessert, or to grab a few high end groceries to enjoy at home!  For lunch I personally love their tuna salad sandwiches on wheat and their tomato & gouda cheese soup.  It's served cafeteria style so you can either grab it to go or take a seat at one of their small tables inside or on the patio.  It's a pretty solid lunch spot as they have changing daily specials as well as their solid staple choices, but what I love at D&D is their dessert case.  They have so many amazing desserts: cupcakes, , cookies, brownies, full and personal-size cakes, lemon bars...too many for a quick order.  You'd think I was making a decision regarding national security if you were to watch me in front of their dessert options.  Favorite desserts would have to be the carrot cake, red velvet cupcake, mint chocolate chip cake, and lemon bars.  They're all the perfect size to split with two people (unless you really want to indulge...I won't judge).  The grocery portion has great wine selections so it's an awesome afternoon if you can make your way out onto the patio with a slice of cake, glass of wine and a good friend!
3	Hypothetically, I love Dean and Deluca. It's my kinda place: lots of fancy ingredients and prepared food, shiny cookware, and lots of stuff to covet but never buy due to lack of funds. Sigh.Anyways, this isn't that kind of Dean and Deluca. This is, as the name says, just the cafe part. I'd like to give them more than 3 stars, but I can't. Here's why:1) They're expensive. All Dean and Deluca's are, but read on.2) The desserts are good, but the sandwiches are disappointingly mediocre, especially given point 13) I don't have a point 3, but did you know that the human mind prefers to have things in threes? Consider this list item to be my gift to you.I'll stop by the D&D Market Cafe when I just want dessert and a coffee, but I think I'm done eating lunch here.
4	Oh My Goodness!!!No other words can fully explain how awesome it is to walk into this cafe looking for a sweet tooth fix!!! This review will be totally based on the desserts, but I do look forward to going back and trying their deli items. But back to the sweets; they have everything you could possibly want to enjoy. Cookies, cakes, cupcakes, brownies, scones...I could go on and on! The presentation here was excellent! When I walked in the store was clean and had a very open floor plan...but my eyes found the dessert counter and it was a wrap after that! The staff was super friendly, I was greeted right away and given plenty of suggestions and ideas on what to try. I ended up going with a red velvet cupcake.The cupcake was moist and very good, not to over powering with icing! But a real treat was the there was cream cheese filling in the cupcake!Overall, this was an awesome visit! Look forward to coming back!
2	Being from New York, I have high expectations for Dean & Deluca, and this place was a royal disappointment. :( I expect it to be overpriced, but I also expect good quality. That was the missing factor here. My salad was boring, small and mostly lettuce - it was also missing ingredients (such as avocado) that were posted in menu. My husbands sandwich was pretty much the same. And my stomach has been unhappy as well since eating the salad.Guess we should have known when at 1pm on a Sunday, there's a line out the door at Qdoba and zero line at D&D. Majorly bummed about this. Will be saving my Dean & Deluca visits for my trips to New York.
4	I have never been to the Dean & Deluca, located towards the front of Stonecrest, but I am so glad I made a stop last night for some sweet treats.After dinner at Smashburger, I decided to check out Dean & Deluca and see what they have to offer.  All of the employees that I encountered were extremely friendly and helpful.  Within the shop they have wines, salads (potato, tuna, chicken, pasta), packaged items such as nuts and pretzels, I saw pizza boxes, so I am assuming they do pizza - but what I was looking for was some dessert.  Holy cow, do they have desserts!  Cakes, cheesecake, cupcakes, tarts, chocolates - amazing.   The have whole cakes, but most of the choices were single servings.  I chose a vanilla cupcake, which was meh - cake had the taste of a poundcake, but slightly lighter, but it was dry and not terribly good.  Icing was fine, but not in my top 5 of cupcake choices.  It was late in the evening, so it was probably fresher that morning.  My other choice was a pumpkin pecan bar and it was excellent (eaten the day after purchase after spending the night in the fridge).  Good pumpkin flavor with plenty of pecans, nice crust that held together well.  So rich though - it was hard to finish.  I also picked up a Beef Jerky chocolate bar (WHAT?!) for my boss who likes interesting eats.  Wine by the glass.  Nice seating area with high top tables/chairs.  One side was more of the deli/food service, while the other was wine and desserts.  Lovely, clean space and I am looking forward to returning to try more.
2	Oh, Dean and Deluca. You used to be so good, and it all went downhill. One couldn't ask for a better location, but there are so many things that this place does that bother me. The food isn't bad, some of the stuff on the menu is actually quite good. It all seems pretty fresh and there's a wide variety. The dessert selection is vast and delicious as well. The service, though, is what bothers me. I have experienced some of the rudest workers I've ever seen. There is this attitude they have that is "we're better than you and we know it". Yeah right. I am a paying customer, I don't appreciate this. They're just rude and not happy.The prices are also absurd. It's like $8 for a tomato and mozzarella sandwich, I mean really? The desserts are even worse. Last time I was here, the place was about 80 degrees inside and I just wanted to leave. Do yourself a favor and go to Qdoba, Smash, or TRUE instead of here.
4	Dean & Deluca Market Cafe in Stonecrest is a just a stone's throw from me and I enjoy coming here for a quick and easy dinner.  It's perfect on those weeknights when I just really don't want to cook anything. And there's lots of seating both inside and outside.My choices have primarily stayed with the salads and the pizzas. I really like the spinach salad with chicken and my hubby really enjoys the sandwiches and soups. They are willing to customize your salad and sandwiches, so it's great for picky eaters. I have experienced that they tend to run out on some soups - so if you're hankering for soup - try to get there early.It tends to be quiet on weeknights but the service is usually very friendly.   The dessert case is always tempting and I usually give into something - one of my favorites is their key lime tart.  It's really good! It has her perfect amount of tart shell to the key lime filling.I'll continue to keep Dean & Deluca on my list for those "too lazy to cook" nights :).
3	Been in here a number of times for breakfast and lunch, mostly as we transfer grandchildren between parents and us or just as a casual fast food alternative to the burger places.They have a great array of salads and a number of sandwiches along with soups.  That said, it takes for ever to get a sandwich made or to get someone to scoop out salad for you.  Nice staff, but one just get the feel that they lack organization.  They want to satisfy, but get in their own awkward way in doing it.I think the prices are higher than they need to be.  And although there are lunch lines here, they are not as long as they are at other places in this mega-mall area.  I guess voting with your feet might be an indicator that all is not well here.But it is convenient for us and breakfast is the best bet, although the sun will blast you out due to the siting of the restaurant and windows.
4	I am a huge fan of Dean & Deluca's options. On my way to spend the day at the pool with some friends I decided to stop in and pick up some sandwiches and drinks. They have multiple prepared sandwiches, as well as allow you to make your own sandwiches. The service was spot on and everyone enjoyed their lunches.  Note: I also decided to purchase some chips, fruit, desserts and they were great.
4	There is a special place in my heart for Dean & Deluca. This location is nestled close to my family's home so I come here pretty often with my mom.At times can be pricey but you're in a D&D... At the deli I usually split the turkey sandwich with avocado and alfalfa sprouts (HUGE) and split one of their salads too...heaven!Sit on the patio and enjoy the beautiful Charlotte weather.
3	Always have a great salad....except this time i ate some semi frozen romaine lettuce and an UN-ripe, hard avocado. C'mon man.
