4	We drive by Stone Creek on the way to and from work and finally decided to give Attie's a try.   The atmosphere was good and not too loud for a bar/restaurant combo (though we were there relatively early, 4:30ish in the afternoon).  The reuben was excellent.  The fries were ho-hum and need to be kicked up a notch somehow.  We will try a different side dish next time around.   The service was outstanding.  Seating was a little too close for my tastes, next time we will request an out of the way table so folks wanting good TV viewing seats aren't crammed in next to us.Cost per person was very reasonable, we WILL be back!
5	Excellent food and service. Highly recommended.
4	Sweating was prompt. 7pm Saturday night. Room is half full. Music to a dull roar. Not too loud. Lighting is easy on the eyes. Waitress is attentive to start. She had recommendations. We ordered beer and appetizers. Appetizer was the blue cheese chips. Not much flavor. Needed more seasoning. The other was the lime shrimp cocktail. It's warm which is weird. Good flavor though. Menu is burgers, wraps, salads (like ten different kinds), and grill items. Also have a gluten free menu that is a pick a protein and two veggies for 13.99 (steak salmon or chicken). Had the chicken, not a $14 meal but now I don't feel bad about what I ate. Molly had the chicken cease salad wrap. She took half home and claims it was good. Also got fries. She says they had steak seasoning on them. Service was fast and attentive. We were in and out in under an hour. Many tv screens and a few craft beers.
3	A decent little bar and grill attached to Stone Creek.  A long L granite top bar, booths and high top tables.  Lots of TV's, a larger dining area to the right of the bar.  A bit generic, but comfortable.The bartenders are friendly and on top of things.  A handful of taps, some good micros like Ballast Point and Dogfish Head.  The requisite Macros and a full bar as well.  All things to all people on the booze front.They have a good reuben sandwich, and some specials every once in a while.  The pork tenderloin sandwich was decent, nothing special.  Overall, a nice spot to drink with slightly generic vibe and pub grub.  Not bad as a neighborhood joint, or for a drink after a round of golf.
