5	Let me preface by mentioning that I'm a sucker for every and all Aerospace/Aircraft museums...Located at Falcon Field in Mesa, AZ, this museum is in close proximity to the now closed Champlin Fighter Museum (Champlin exhibits were purchased and are now on display at the Boeing Museum of Flight in Seattle, WA).  While not nearly as extensive as the Champlin museum used to be, it does have one important and very cool draw... the "Sentimental Journey", a restored WWII era B-17.  What makes this B-17 special is that they allow you to get a taste of what it was like to be a WWII airmen by climbing through the hatch and crawling through the very cramped interior of the aircraft!  It is an eye opening experience to get a taste of how brave these men used to be as they loaded up for each bombing raid, knowing they would be traveling in those small, cold, and dangerous conditions.The remainder of the museum contains about a dozen other aircraft primarily from the WWII era with a couple of Cold War jets (F-4 and MiG-21) thrown in for fun.  There are a few very interesting stories and biographies covering local Mesa WWII heroes on the walls and a few fun exhibits covering the Women Air Service Pilots (WASP's), Doolittle Raiders, and the Tuskegee Airmen.  Otherwise, this is one of the smaller aircraft museums I've been to.  It will take you about two hours to see it all, although there were several volunteers working who probably have a story or two to add about each exhibit.Highlight: Walking across the 6 inch wide catwalk inside the "Sentimental Journey" with the bomb-bay doors open.  It is hard not to image what it must have been like flying above enemy territory at 20,000 ft with enemy fighters and anti-aircraft artillery trying to kill you!Definitely worth the admission charge (~$6 for most).  Active military is free!
5	If you love history and/or aviation, this is a great place to visit. Only $10 admission for adults and $3 for kids. We really enjoyed ourselves. Only the gift shop has AC, so plan accordingly or wait until the weather is cooler if you don't care for the heat.
5	WOW! That's the only appropriate way to start this review. I'm a flight attendant and daughter of a USAF veteran and can't believe I never knew this place existed until I was searching for wedding venues on the web (I am hoping to book this place, as the rental seems quite a good price and it's an amazing and unique venue). First of all, you can see some of the amazing aircraft on the Tarmac as you pull into the parking lot. The aircraft they have on display are a complete marvel and it's impossible to look at them and not be in complete awe. Being able to crawl into an authentic WW2 B-17 was incredible, and all the vets, engineers and volunteers are very sweet, friendly, and willing to tell you any and all info on the planes. Even more fascinating is the exhibits of genuine artifacts from the war. And for a very low price for entrance I think it's a great hidden gem to take you kids to.
5	It's a great way to spend a few hours. My kids loved it!
5	Great place to see military aviation history. The museum is totally privately funded. Volunteers do all the maintenance on the aircraft and conduct tours. Volunteers who make donations for the privilege to be volunteers I might add. A must see if you're in the Mesa area.
