4	I have been shopping in this store several times and have found a couple cute outfits and tops. Its like a little boutique you would see on  Melrose Ave. Only the prices are very reasonable.They have a very different selection of womans clothes. Its not like Forever 21 or Guess. Some unique dresses for sure.There is also nice costume jewelry selection as well.If your at Town Square you must stop in and check it out. You will enjoy it.The sales girls are very friendly and not at all pushy.
4	This is a fun little shop to browse for cute little gifts and knick knacks.I was wandering around Town Square and came across this store and decided to pop in. I thoroughly enjoyed perusing the shelves for costume jewelry, notebooks and other accessories. I found lots of good little gift options and it's definitely a great place to shop for the hard to shop for woman in your life.
4	Such a cute store! Great unique gift ideas and unexpected cute clothing too!
5	I am a big fan of Francesca's! I've always come in for their jewelry selection. I really really like their unique costume jewelry!! This stuff does not turn anything green and I always get complimented on their pieces. They have a lot of cute lil knick knacks too. I haven't bought any clothing there, but it's always because I've been too consumed with looking at all the bling. Yay for Francesca's being closer to me, which might just be a bad thing for me, but a good thing for them! I've also ordered some pieces online and they were shipped quickly...just how I like my online shopping!
5	My new most favorite fabulous clothing boutique. We were heading for cocktails and I got sidetracked by this clothing stores window, had to go in.   Game on!!   I'm more of an Internet shopper (bebes, Victorias, Boston proper, nordstroms, etc.) but everything I looked at was a must have item and a perfect fit.   So, I highly recommend my francescas and give this place 5 stars and 3 snaps in the Z formation.  Check it out!!!!
5	One of my favorite places to shop. I like the different selection of clothing, and it's generally reasonable. It's a little more Bohemian chic, which is a nice change of pace from ultra trendy styles. There's more dresses and blouses than anything else, which I also like. I already have my favorite pairs of jeans, so I just some cute tops to compliment them.They also have a super cute collection of jewelry that's pretty cheap.  I love the little knick knacks and gifts, it's feels just a bit more genuine than buying a gift at Target.I've also been to the same store at The District, but like this location better. It's bigger, so they have more stuff.
5	This boutique is amazing. I've been shopping here for years & it never disappoints. I bought a purse from Francesca's 3 years ago and it still looks brand new, talk about quality at its finest! They have pieces for every occasion. From Party Rock attire to chic office wear you will always find what you need. The jewelry selection is also lovely. And it's not cheap looking like most places. They also have amazing art pieces for sale. Inspirational/funny quotes, photo frames, jewelry holders etc. this is truly a one stop shop.
5	Great clothes and accessories for greater prices!The cutest dress can be found here. Not much selection for your typical Vegas clubbing attire (you know, the short, black and low cut). But if you need a flirty dress for the typical sunny day, Francesca's has it! I love how they arrange all of their clothes by color. So if you have a color scheme in mind, you can just walk straight to that rack!But what I love love LOVE about Francesca's are the accessories and the random gift items. They have sales on their jewelry quite often (example: the last time I was there, all jewelry were buy one buy 50% off). They have THE CUTEST gift items. From nerdy chic tech gifts to wall decor to party accessories, there's no doubt that you'll walk of there with something in your hand!I recently bought a dress and a purse for $20. How? All clearance items were buy one get one free! Their items are reasonably priced as is, but if you get lucky then you'll score big time here! If you're a fan, like them on Facebook and you'll see specials and sales that are going on.
1	Very cute store, lots of vintage type items. However, my 1 star rating is not based on the items. This is the second time I've visited this store and I promise that I'm not trying to pull the race card but both times, recently last night about 8pm (3/16/13), the sales girl (very petite brunette) walked by me 4 times (I counted). There were other customers around me and she would come over, almost infront of me, and ask the customers behind me, if they needed any help or were they looking for something in particular. Now these were customers that would come in after me. I stayed in this store about 30 min just to see if that's what was going on. Just as I suspected, 3 more people came in (seperately) and she waltzed over to them to see if she could help, never once looking me in the eye. Such a shame because I was prepared to buy a few of the vintage jewelry pieces in there. You just lost a potential customer Francesca's!!  I will definetly tell my military co-workers about the atmosphere of this place and to take their business ELSEWHERE!!!.
4	A little pricey, but their "boutique" style is unique and worth the extra $. I hand wash everything from here.
4	Such a great selection of clothing for every occasion!!!  Dresses, shirts, accessories!  Loved it!  Its a little more pricey then your average store but you can buy a great outfit for a decent price!
4	While shopping with a friend, she wanted to go into Francesca's.  I'm always up for anything shopping related, so I wandered in behind her.  I had never actually been in a Francesca's before & didn't know what to expect.  I always thought it looked like an 'old lady store' from the outside, so I never bothered to go in.  Oh man... I should have checked it out a long time ago!  They have super cute handbags, accessories, clothes... even a section of silly things like flasks & gag gifts.  It's a small store but they had a lot of merchandise.  There was also a great sale & I snagged a super cute scarf for $16.  Go check it out!  It's for the young & old alike!
1	I am one of Francesca's biggest fans but this store's manager was so unwelcoming and unprofessional. I would suggest that you completely avoid this location and go to the Green Valley location. I came to return an item and she treated me like a terrible person and a liar when it had only been one day since the purchase. I have NEVER been treated like that and I immediately wanted to leave the store even though I planned to make purchases. Trust my advice and don't go to this unwelcoming store!
