3	Liberation is a very gimmicky shop specialising in affordable, generic logo tees and poster art.When you walk in you're hit with just about every popular cultural icon under the sun, from the imitation Andy Warhol depiction of Marilyn Monroe to Darth Vader. There are enough Superman hoodies in here to clothe the East of Scotland and Star Wars jumpers for people who want it to be known that they've seen the movie.I don't like to be judgemental but it's the kind of place for kids who want to display things they love on their torso so everyone knows they are informed about popular culture. That's enough of my pop psychology, but you know there are going to be predictable Tarantino t shirts in here before you've even entered the shop.They have a small selection of kilts and Batman belt buckles, some band tees and a small selection of jewellery, but Liberation are all about latching on to widely accepted humour. That's why there's a huge amount of Spiderpig merchandise, some old throwbacks to The Dark Knight and some slogan t shirts aimed at irate teenagers. My aunt would call it moronic, I would call it a bit tacky, but some teenagers and students will be all about it.
3	Sure, the Batman symbol on a T-shirt looks good in a shop window but would you really strut around it one during anything other than a fancy dress party?A little tacky but with a particular demographic in mind, Liberation has some humorous stock and will no doubt appeal to the odd fanatic or comic character enthusiast.
3	Liberation, if the big window displays don't yell it out already, sells quirky t shirts with logos and poster art and other bits and pieces- all trying to stick out but somehow falling into a patchwork of colour. If I had a 15 year old brother this is where I would get gifts for him. Quite tacky and with plenty of teenage humour about, this shop I am afraid is not liberating at all, but I can see why it's pop appeal attracts clientele.
3	Marj has more or less got it right by highlighting how predictable this store's stock is. Before you come in, you know there will be a red t-shirt with a black print of John Travolta and Samuel L Jackson in Pulp Fiction, you know there will be dozens upon dozens of Star Wars, Ghostbusters and Muppets t-shirts, and you know exactly what kind of trendy, Juno-loving teenager will be handing over cash at the counter.New and interesting in 2005, a bit tired now.
2	Oh dear.If it was squashed between Haiwaian shirts, college tee shirts and secondhand Levis in Beyond Retro, Liberation's stock might not look that bad. Spread across a whole shop however, it looks hopelessly dated and niche. Imagine acres of Batman, Star Wars, Superman, Pulp Fiction and Ghostbusters tee-shirts and sweaters dotted around old movie and comic posters.Not a pretty sight unless you're a nerd or comic book collector.
3	In this particular area, there are a tonne of shops selling quirky t-shirt with witty slogans adorning them. Liberation is another one to add to the list and I can't say that it stands out anymore than the rest, it just seems to blend in with all the other bizarre shops on Cockburn St.I can imagine that this place will do a roaring trade during the Fringe with punters coming into buy silly souvenirs for back home. A few of the slogans I saw were;"You're just jealous because the little voices are talking to me.""Sarcasm is just one of the services that I offer."Hil-arious.
