5	Ok, let's be honest. You never go to Verdun. You don't want to, and probably never will. But after spending a couple years in Montreal, you may develop a passionate love for poutines. Not the kind of drunken one-night stand love, but one of slow savoring of flavors. That's when you start searching for the perfect match.If I were on a Poutine dating show, no doubt Poutine Lafleur's poutine would in my final two. Fresh fries, fresh curds. Both fulfill the basic requirements. But the sauce. It's rich and peppery. A thick chicken gravy, not too saucy. Your fries won't get mushy. And it gets served in the classic container, none of that pretentious thing called a plate.If you're serious about finding the best poutine in the city, give this poutine a try (and Maam Bolduc's too, while you're at it) and forget about la banquise, la belle province or Patati Patata. And did I say it's cheap? $4 with taxes for the one pictured above.edit: This place is NOT to be confused with Lafleur the hotdog chain. It's a local thing, and the real deal.
4	Poutine Lafleur makes a good honest, traditional poutine. The tourists can have La Banquise, Patati Patata and what have you but if you're looking for a blue collar, authentic representation of the real thing, this is the place. You must go here if you're looking for the classic caisse croute experience. Yes, it's situated in a slummy part of town but the locals will vouch that Lafleur's makes a quality product. Ask the greasy teenagers. The welfare moms. They're all lining up here on Saturday afternoon for their fix.What makes this poutine so good? The fries aren't great, it's the typical soft, greasy fresh-cut fry that populates caisse croutes all over Montreal. Just a little bit of crispiness but that's the style. Next up, the gravy, it's got a good chicken base with a bit of bbq seasoning to spice things up. The temperature is on point too, just hot enough to melt the curds but not so much to detract away from the entire experience. Finally, the curds. Squeaky fresh. Bountiful. I wish all poutine purveyors were this generous with their cheese. The steamies are just EHHHH. It's not the main attraction and it knows that. Poutine is a lot like life: lots of starch, a wee bit greasy and hot at times and one part cheese.
