3	I went here for the 1st time today because I was craving some Japanese curry rice so I ordered the island chicken curry. I was truly disappointed because it wasn't a Japanese style chicken curry that I'm  used to getting in other Hawaiian bbq joints. It tasted ok though....it was bbq chicken thighs with a curry flavor along with chunks of carrots and potatoes. I was really wanting the curry gravy to mix with the rice, but it didn't have any gravy :( Other than that the menu had all the items you would expect like kalbi, bbq chicken and beef, fried seafood, noodles, salads.
3	It's ok but I lived in Fiji for two years and got picky when it comes to island food. This place does have some good food but just nothing to write the islands about!!If you are in the need for a change the terriaki chicken and anything pork is recommended. I want to give it more stars but it's just not good enough or worthy in my opinion but it's not aweful.  Go check it out and see what you think. Let me know.
1	I've had lunch here three times now.  The first couple times, I would have given it three stars, but the third time is definitely NOT a charm.  I'm giving it one star based on the completely inedible BBQ chicken and long wait.  This must be the leftover s*** chicken that no other restaurant wanted to purchase.   For a completely fattening, cholesterol laden meal, I would like to enjoy SOME level of flavor other than lard.  I calcuated the approximate number of calories (based on nutritional information from another fast food Hawaiiian restaurant with a nearly identicial menu) for a Chicken Katsu "plate lunch" to be a whopping 1,800 calories (1,200 for the chicken and 600 for two scoops of macaroni "salad" and one scoop of rice).  Gross.
3	Ah the smell of the sea air, the sounds of the waves crashing on the shore line. These are just a few things that remind me of visiting my family on the big island during the summer. The food at this place is kind of like those people who want a tan so they go to one of those spray on places and come out looking like a big orange LOL. Sure you come out darker but you still look like a jack 'o lantern. The same can be said for real island food, once you taste the real thing there is just no substitute. Now I understand that those who are not millionaires, lottery winners, or big money making executives can not afford to go to Hawaii every time they are ready to feast on a large serving of slow roasted Kalua pork (the roasted pig that is placed in the ground served at every luau) or a plate lunch when they want something fresh tasting and well.... cheap. But this places does a better job than most. Like I have said in many of my reviews if you are going to do something make sure you do it right. Do not slap a piece of pineapple on a burger and call it a Hawaiian burger! Why you ask?? Simple because there is no such thing!! Ask anyone who knows real island food and they will tell you that most of a Polynesian diet is made up of sea food (we do live on islands after all LOL) and pork. So for all those who are used to the images of sliced ham with pineapples stay away from this place and stick to chain places like Chili's and their humm.... island inspired menu items. ( Just sounds wrong does it not?)The thing that made me want to try this place was the fact that it had a simple yet well though out menu. They offer several of the normal plate lunch staples such as white rice, and macaroni salad ( for those like myself who can not eat fish they add tuna to the mac salad so make sure to ask for a substitution or you will be sorry). They even offer Loco Moco ( a traditional island breakfast favorite) and Kalbi Short Ribs. I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ Mix which offers three types of meat (had missed breakfast) and two scoops of white rice and mac salad. This was my first time here so lucky enough my dining partner tasted the tuna in the salad before I ate it. Note to owners given that tuna is not normally found in mac salad why not include that bit of info on your menu humm... just saying!! The rice was fresh made, hot, and was good. The ribs were a little tough though and could have used less salt (pork is naturally salty so less is needed especially when the meat is cut so thin). The chicken had a great tasting glaze but was a little on the dry side. The BBQ beef was good and cooked all the way through (do not like under cooked meat) and the can of tea that came with my meal was good and cold. Now for two combo meals, that included two drinks we only paid $11.50. Not bad given the normal price would have made it around $17.00 ouch! We took advantage of their great 50% off deal they have. It ends on the 18Th so make sure you get there soon to take advantage. Just make sure you go there with a open mind, empty stomach, and you will enjoy some really ONO ( means delicious) food.Aloha Case closed (insert Hawaii 5-0 theme here)
4	I had gone here once before, long time ago, and it did not make a huge impression.  Then I was invited by a friend to go again and loved what I ordered.  The BBQ beef strips...very good...and I am a fan of the Macaroni Salad.  I will be going back for some BBQ beef and rice...very good...could not stop chowing down.
5	I eat here all the time you get alot of food for a good price. The teriyaki chicken is very good. There macaroni salad is the best I've tasted out of the few island places I've had in the area. The crab puffs are also very good.
3	Food is just ok, but the problem is it's way overpriced! I mean $9 for loco moco? Outrageous!
4	Solid 3.5 stars for quick and courteous service, 3 for food and 5 for convenience.  I could easily be the duchess here if I remembered to check in here on each visit.  This place is so simple quick and easily accommodates my 30 min lunch break, I choose it over many of the other Fast Food options in the area for take out.  Their kalbi ribs are pretty darn tasty but it can be a lot of food for lunch with the 2 scoops of rice, a scoop of mac salad and the ribs over steamed cabbage.  I find myself choosing from their Mini Meal menu for under $6 I can get a scoop of mac salad a scoop of rice and a choice of their chicken options (bbq is a favorite) or their pulled pork (which I have yet to try) over steamed cabbage.  Most of their chicken unless otherwise mentioned is boneless skinless thighs, makes for juicy tasty pieces. Don't forget to get a little extra cup of teriyaki or katsu sauce near the drink station. They also have a special that offers a seasonal fruit cup. The last time I got this it was quite sweet, fresh and refreshing.   All the employees have be polite and efficient.  I have yet to be disappointed.
3	Food is just ok, but the problem is it's way overpriced! For $ 20.00 for a meal at fast food. A little Outrageous! Plus there a loud mouth worker female who voice you can hear throughout the whole place.
1	Have tried this place on 3 different occasions, the last and final one being today.  The service was TERRIBLE.  I was the ONLY person in the place and the woman behind the counter made me wait, without even acknowledging my existance while she looked through some sort of tickets. I then asked if I could place my order and then she said, (without even looking up from the stack of paper) "in a minute."  So I just stood there staring at her.  BAD start!  Food is very greasy and chicken was very fatty and majority of it was not edible.  The positive of the place is that the portion size is large.  Even the mini meal which I got today was more than enough for 1 person's lunch.
4	Great place. It's slightly pricey but the food really is good so it's hard to complain. So if you're in to this kind of food it's worth it. But if you're not, it's not worth the price.
4	I love this place, I mean love it.  I went last Saturday and got the chicken and beef combo with macaroni salad and rice.  The meat is always so tender and juicy, and the taste is WONDERFUL!  And the macaroni salad is nice and creamy.  I always put a lot of the very spicy red sauce they have (though I can't remember the name of it, it's Asian).  I have been coming to this place off and on for several years and have never gotten a bad meal, or bad customer service for that matter.  The only thing I have ever gotten here that I didn't like was the soup.  It had no taste to it at all.  It was the first thing I ever ordered here, almost didn't come back.  So glad I did.  This meal is one of those that you think about for a few days afterwards.  And for two of us, with leftovers, it was $20.  What a deal, what a meal.
2	This was my first time eating here.... I told the cashier that it was my first time and asked for assistance with the most popular meal.  The customer service here was terrible and I had to pay for two separate orders to complete my meal. The food was decent, but not worth the price.
2	Went on Saturday, and man, how things have changed in a few months.  No longer have that wonderful asian sauce in bottles to have as much as you want.  You have to ask for it, and they give you cups with a little tiny bit in it.  Seriously, when you stick your fork in it, it coats just the tips of the fork, that's how little they put in it.  So I had to ask for two.  And it still wasn't enough.  They skimped on the macaroni salad too.  The meat wasn't as juicy either.  I can only imagine that maybe they have changed their management?We will not ever go back, if we are in the mood for Hawaiian, we will stick with Aloha kitchen.  Ta ta, Ono...
3	I came here to check them out. Being from Hawaii and having eaten TONS of plate lunches in my life. I gave them a 3.I like being able to come and get chicken Katsu,mac salad and rice. The reason I rated them 3 was the amount of time I waited for my food.I came here twice so far and both times I have waited long times. My wait time was about 20 minutes. It was also pretty expensive.  But Food wise it was okay,I cant complain, it was good and will probably come back after I check out the other plate lunch places here.Dont get me wrong,I dont hate this place, I just wish there was bigger serving sizes and wait time wasnt so long. Good to come if your with someone and can chill out with, not good if your on a lunch break or in a hurry.
1	I have been to other Ono locations, and had good food.  I tried this one twice (thought the first time was just a bad fluke).  What I go was fatty, bad tasting food with slow service.Did I mention the parking lot is 1/2 the size it needs to be?Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, I'm telling.
5	This place rocks, but if you count calories then read their nutritional information BEFORE ordering!
4	The Girlfriend has been raving about this place for some time now, and seeing that we were in the area - why not stop in for lunch. The price wasn't too bad, you'll be looking to spend between 5 - 15 bucks a plate/dish. I went ahead and ordered the "Hawaiian BBQ mix" , pretty much gave me a taste of everything besides the sea food. The meats were jammed pack with flavor and a one of a kind taste. Would come again. =D
4	We stopped in here on our way to the airport. Great food and a lot of it! The service was friendly and fast and the restaurant was very clean.
2	I have been wanting to try this place for a while and was very dissappointed. The woman behind the counter was clearly annoyed that I wanted to order. The food although very tasty was very fatty. There was very little meat that wasn't all fat. The tables were all dirty and it wasn't very busy and when I asked the woman behind the counter for some napkins to wipe one down she didn't even budge to come wipe them down. There were only two tables taken in the whole place and it wasn't busy enough for her not to be able to get away from the counter. I don't think we will be back. Didn't seem like it was worth the money for a bunch of fatty meat and indifferent service.
2	Little dirty everywhere. The place isn't being kept up. Water from the fountain tastes like cleaning chemicals but the lady at the counter "can't do nothin' 'bout that."  Expensive for what you get and slow service as already stated.  The food wasn't bad but I didn't have flashbacks of the islands, either.  Except maybe some dive in Pearl City.  Probably won't come back.
3	Way too over priced. I mean its great food. With an average sized portion. But for how much I'm paying?... Not totally worth it!
4	We love this place! We tried L&L and were not fans! But Ono Hawaiian is yummy! We get the family meal with the Chicken Katzu, BBQ Chicken and I think its the Terriaki Chicken. Big portions. Very Tasty!! Its always the same woman working at the counter. Shes nice but nothing extra special. They have great coupon deals that come in your mail.We will go back often!
3	I'm at Ono on duty tonight, kinda busy NO sauces both empty? Lots of sticky soda on the floor. Both table I stood waiting a to go order have sticky food on them icky for sure. Staff is nice tho and smiles while being polite. I'll be back KDS
5	I would not give this place anything less than 5 stars. I went for the first time today and loved it! I ordered the number 44 which had like a mix of all the meats, rice? And pasta. The service was superb. I got my order quickly. It was fresh and the meat was so tasty. My only complaint is that the water tasted weird.People are saying it's overpriced but my lunch meal was around $9. For the amount of food that came with it I think it's definitely worth it. I'm for sure coming back.
