2	Came here for dinner on a Saturday afternoon all set to eat a mountain of sushi. The takeaway business seemed to be doing well as a number of deliveries went out whilst we were sat there and also 3 or 4 couples came in to collect orders. For the whole hour though my companion and I were the only restaurant customers. Part of the reason for this could well be the place's decor as it's nodding towards the shabby (particularly the stair carpet which has a whiff of damp).No complaints about the service although it took a noticeable while for the table to be cleared and the bill presented. The miso soup was apparently a tad vinegary and the soup part of the chilli beef ramen I had myself became oddly inedible about halfway through. The vegetarian bento box was apparently ok although the green leaf salad was noticeably brown around the edges and for my part I enjoyed the vegetarian sushi set but the pickled ginger had definitely seen better days. Maybe the Chinese food on offer is of a better standard but based on the Japanese part of the menu I don't see myself going back here.
5	My favourite sushi restaurant in Edinburgh. I would never have come here without a recommendation from a friend, so thought I'd best pass the message along.Situated just along from Haymarket, the restaurant is small and a bit of an ugly duckling. I wouldn't have been tempted inside by the decor... But if you look past the aesthetics and get inside I'm sure you will be converted too.The staff are really friendly and the sushi is YUM! Plus you don't have to pay the exorbitant rates of some of the trendier sushi places in town.I would highly recommend the Dragon Roll and Softshell Crab Roll which is amazing!They also do cooked Chinese and Japanese meals - so if you have a friend who is not a sushi fan there's something for them. Plus they do takeaway.Really can't recommend it highly enough. Go and find out for yourself!
4	I used to think, like some of you might too, that sushi was 'just' raw fish,..then a friend convinced me to try it. Miso and Sushi was THE place to go apparently....we had take away, so I can't tell you about the restaurant service, but I will say that the door is opened for you most graciously and so begins your experience.I was  escorted, with much bowing and a very warm greeting, to the subtly placed but open take away section to the rear...whatever your fancy, the feeling is immediately of the old world, the bustle of the day is left behind you. As a take away customer, there is the added bonus of watching your sushi being made for you, the chef makes it look too easy I might add! As the food is prepared, you pay, of course, but this too feels like some ancient ceremony, all of the staff are so very polite.I won't tell you what I had, the choices are yours between several wonderful preparation methods, sushi, sashimi, tempura, the list goes on, but I will say that I loved everything, a fabulous mixture,  not just raw fish as I had feared. The fish I had was excellent and completely turned my opinion on sushi, the rest of the food was equally as good. I loved the whole experience, I'll sit in next time just to be able to absorb more of the old world feeling.The staff are so gracious and I highly recommend this place based on that alone, but the food is amazing too, you won't be disappointed. I love it, it's hard to be in town and not be drawn here.
1	I came here a few years ago when it was under the previous management and chef.  It was really good and food was professionally made.  Unfortunately, the chef has changed and the food is just terrible when I ordered delivery 1 year ago.  I thought I would give them another chance but unfortunately, I was disappointed yet again.  This will be the last time I order from them ever again.  I ordered quite a few selection together with a mate.  The sushi is just made with too much rice and not much filling and just too big.  The rest of the food was substandard.  The worst was the salmon sashimi.  As with any raw fish, you need fresh fish.  We ordered about 12 pieces.  Half of it .......... was still half Frozen!  I hate writing bad reviews.  Unfortunately, Epic Fail for a Japanese restaurant especially with the frozen salmon.
4	Cozy place, lovely sushi, friendly stuff and very good value for money. I too recommend the Dragon Roll (Tempura shrimp hand roll topping with flying fish roe,  personally prefer with cucumber instead of avocado) and Soft shell Crab Roll they are two of my favorites!They used to  offer sesame ice cream mochi which is excellent, don't know if they still do that.
1	We have ordered for delivery from this restaurant around 5 or 6 times. But recently it looks like they changed staff there because the service became really really poor. To begin with, the person I spoke on the phone did not want to tell me her name, so she (in advance) did not want to be responsible for anything she was answering to me. We ordered 3 miso soups, some rolls, some chicken and rice, also fish ... So from quantity of soups you could guess that there are at least three persons eating. But we received only two sticks. We received so little sauce that it was not enough for one person, but so much of wasaby that you could feed ten people. It was way too much of caramelized sauce as well. The miso soup was empty with no feta and one little poor leaf swimming in there.  The fish was cut in huge pieces looking weird...We paid 45 pounds for this. We phoned twice. First time it was my husband talking to the lady who called herself manager. She did not offer any solution only to take the food back (in order to exclude diarrhea happening as she explained). But we had started eating by then as we were extremely hungry. Just to compare when similar thing happened to us before, first words we heard was 'oh my apologies'. Well, not this time. The Manager did not want to listen, there was no respect to customer shown, I ll tell you more, she was actually talking to someone else there instead.When I called there, she told me off by informing that my husband called there already and he did not want to listen to her. Then I asked to talk to the manager. She told me she was the manager, when I asked her name she told me she had to close the shop and hang up on me.So do not waste your time. Go to or order from a better place.
