5	Stopped in for a late dinner didn't remember this being here. Had a burger and fries.....FANTASTIC! The staff was extremely attentive and polite also found out this is their first day open here! Would not have guessed that one as smoothly as everything was.
5	Now that I have eaten there 3 times, for dinner, breakfast and lunch, I can say it: there is just nothing that they eff up. The service is phenomenal, and everything tastes great. Yes, it is a chain, but it is also in casino land where you don't usually  service like this. The cafe that used to be here was alright. Everyone was nice enough. The food was good enough, but I always felt like I was settling for convenience over taste, when I walked in. Here are the things I have tried: lemon zucchini stick appetizer (SO good), Pot Pie (actually better than my recipe, dang it. It is their historic signature dish. I see why.) Eggs Benedict (with perfectly poached eggs. That never happens in a casino!!!) and Caesar Salad (heavy on the dressing, which I love. If you are not into that, just ask for it light.) They serve warm bread and marinara on the side with entrees. Yum!I did debate about the 5 stars. This is no Nobu. But it is awesome for this location, they know how to poach an egg & It will fuel me through another awesome Punk Rock Bowling weekend!
5	We decided to come here on their opening night and boy am I glad we did. We were greeted by the hostess upon arrival and promptly brought to a table. Our waitress came by shortly after and took our orders and then brought over some of that wonderful herb seasoned bread with the marinara sauce... Omg yum! We decided on entrees my bf got the ribs and I got the sirloin. Both meals were cooked to perfection. The ribs were fall off the bone and packed a lot of flavor. We were very impressed with the wonderful service here. I will definitely go back next time we are in town.
2	I normally go to the Claim Jumper in Green Valley but decided on this location for Memorial Day weekend. Worst service ever. Server got the order wrong, twice. Waited quite a while for our drinks. Totally aware that the place was busy due to the holiday but once our food came, we never saw him again. The food was mediocre at best. I won't be back.
3	Decent food but price jacked up for no reason, service was spotty. $15 for breakfast with small portions. Your better off finding a regular location
3	Food is ok and it's nice that it is open 24/7 but don't expect the same food you get at the stand alone CJ's.
3	I ordered the BBQ chicken sandwich and it was SOOO good. It was hot and fresh when I received it & it was in a pizza type dough bread. Very different. The sandwich was so big I could only eat half and took the rest with me. I highly recommend the sandwich!Yum. Service from waiter was just "okay" as he didn't seem to know the sides when I asked him. Although he seemed to know when he was going over them with the other table - not very consistent. I had to ask because I didn't seem to see the types of sides they had. As far as decor, it needs updating. Looks kinda old school. Had a decent lunch. However not really impressed with anything.
4	I really liked my dinner at Claim Jumper inside The Golden Nugget, and I had high standards since I was really looking forward to a restaurant that had closed. They start by serving warm, tomato & basil bread with marinara sauce, which was amazing. We got the chicken tenders and one of the sandwiches, and we were not disappointed. The service was pretty good. We got a pitcher of water so we had plenty for the entire meal and our food came out fairly quickly. It seemed crowded but we were seated at a nice table immediately. It is also located close to the parking structure, which is convenient. I would go here again when in town.
1	We stayed at the Golden Nugget so decided to give this place a try for breakfast. The food was terrible and overpriced, reminded me of buffer food. Claim Jumper typically has huge portions with delicious food but not at this location, at least not for breakfast.  Avoid this place and head over to the Plaza Hotel and eat breakfast at Hash House a Go Go instead.
5	wonderful, delicious, fresh food. at first the menu seems like nothing special - what you'd expect on an applebees menu, except the food is awesome!Let me tell you about the best steak I've ever had. Aged beef, seared to perfection, and it just melts everywhere in your mouth. No chewing necessary. Found here. Anyways, I highly suggest this place if your in the area. It's a great addition to the Nugget and Fremont St.
2	Good service, they got the two stars for service. Terrible food! I would not recommend coming here. The scrambled eggs tasted like buffet eggs. Gross! We got old fruit and stale toast.
3	I had my first meal here a few days ago, and while what I ate was generally very good, Diane's Fried Shrimps were seriously overcooked.  My Chicken Pot Pie had a golden and flaky crust filled with carrots, onions, mushrooms, and peas all held together within a good Cream Sauce but one that was not very liquid in texture.  Tomato Herb Focaccia with a classic Italian Marinara Sauce was also very good.  A bowl of New England Clam Chowder was rather floury but nevertheless tasted very good.  And Fried Zucchini was excellent, retaining all of its heat within, which seems appropriate.Likely because of a shorthanded waitstaff, initial service was very slow.  Then it noticeably improved.  One persistent fly alighted on our booth while we ate, which was a bit irritating.  Otherwise the overall experience was fine.
4	I was very surprised to see this at the Golden Nugget. We where here for a hotel party and wanted to grab a quick bite. After walking around we discovered this spot. AMAZING!! Great service good prices and the food wasn't bad at all! We will definitely be back for more!
2	Its OK for what it is. Menu is about as Cheesecake factory, which can be a bit overwhelming. Late night service is spotty at best,went for breakfast at 12pm and again at 430 am breakfast was the best service I've had in an while! But the late night not so much. Burger dry and waited 30 minute's for them to for get an item for tofgo
5	My family and I were at The Claim Jumper a few weeks ago.  The food was good.  But the really remarkable thing was the service by Christopher!  He was awesome!  It was very busy and he had many tables to cover, but provided great food advice, was pleasant and humorous and obviously really liked what he was doing!  Good work, Christopher!
5	Great service..resonable prices and huge portions. The fish and chips was terrific. Nice atmosphere
4	This place is located inside the Golden Nugget where the cafe used to be. After remodeling this place is smaller than the cafe. They combined CJ and a bar in this space. Service was good food was good large portions like CJ are known for. I got the black tie chicken pasta it was yummy from the first bite. There was a line but it went pretty fast. Will probably eat there again.
3	Ate at Claim Jumper and for a solo table wait was a bit long for service. The salad was wilted iceberg lettuce with soggy stale croutons. I ordered the tri tip $17.99 which the top 2slices were a very nice medium rare, however the other slices were overlooked well done meat. Cooks must have an issue with blending veggies also because I had raw crunchy carrots and over cooked completely mushy squash.The tri tip also came seasoned in a very distinct Rosemary, not everyone is partial to the strong taste of Rosemary. Nice size portions, good cheesy bread, a bit pricey at $40 for one entree and a glAss of wine. Probably not return.
3	Almost feels like its my first visit to Vegas. Wish I'd have visited sooner.Food is mediocre. Drinks are strong.
3	Good food, decent price. I think our server was the only thing that was bad but he was so bad it made the whole experience terrible.  After waiting a couple minutes for our first greet he came to take our drink order. We also gave him our appetizers. Surprise! Apps came before he dropped our drinks. He delivered our drinks noting how fast the apps were and chuckled about it. Then took our salad and entree order. After a while we get our salads and start eating. Not more than 2 bites in we get our entrees delivered. The food runner apologized and asked if we wanted it in the window to keep warm. .. ya right. We took them and ate our soggy salads after our meals. The server again made light of how fast the entree had been delivered. At this point we just wanted to leave. So we did (after we paid and tipped). Will we return? Maybe but we might sit at the bar.
5	My boyfriend and I found this place on a whim. We were staying at the Fremont and wanted a place to eat. Food: It was really great. They have a specific vegetarian and gluten-free menu, which is hard to find in Downtown Las Vegas or on the Strip. Their fried shrimp almost tasted like tempura, which I really like. The vegetarian salads is a big portion, which is the first place that gives a huge portion for a vegetarian plate. Price: With all things considered, (delectable food, great service, no wait time, decent ambience, and good location), I thought the price was reasonable for us. It wasn't overly expensive.Location: It's located inside the Golden Nugget, near the pool/mini aquarium. It's walking distance from any hotel in downtown/near Fremont Street.Wait Time: We were seated immediately, which was really surprising.Service: I really liked the service. We weren't rushed, ignored, or constantly bothered. It was the right amount. One thing I especially liked was that our waiter didn't pick up our final signed (tipped) check until after we left. I really hate when waiters pick it up when we're still sitting down and talking. Different servers presented our food, but they were also friendly.Ambience: It's not too loud. It it next to a bar. We went at a time when the bar wasn't busy, so we didn't have to deal with obnoxious loudness. I would imagine if it is crowded at the next door bar, then it was be really loud. It is somewhat dark, depending on where you sit. You can see your food, but it is dimly lit. There are TV screens around that play ESPN. It is also clean and well-maintained. The tables were clean and not sticky. I didn't use the restroom here, but I would imagine it would be clean.
2	My family and I ate here for a late breakfast on a Sunday after checking into our hotel. The place has a good selection of food and it was good enough,  but that's about it. The portions are huge so I easily split the Tri Tip Dip  and added a salad to be perfectly pleased. My grandparents each ordered a breakfast and were less than satisfied with the meal for the price.The service was awful.  Plain and simple she was one of the worst serves we have ever had. She didn't know if they had Italian dressing, she took forever to get our drinks, and she asked us 3 times if we wanted ketchup before bringing it. She never came back to ask us how the food was...if she had we would have let her know that they gave my grandmother scrambled eggs instead of fried (a different waitress brought us our food and when we pointed out the mistake she said she didn't know anything about it and we'd have to talk with our waitress when she came around).The place was convenient and that's it. Too many other good places to go in Las Vegas to waste a breakfast here.
