5	Fantastic service and fair pricing. I went in there with my truck and they steered me in the right direction. Couldnt be happier with the results
5	The owner Mark was very helpful explaining which systems would best suit my needs and what all I would need for my car and still stay within my budget. Great prices, great friendly staff!
5	I like coming to Wheels Deals. I originally came her a few months ago for just a sub, and walked out very happy with a sub and sub box installed for a good price. I'm just an enthusiast sound buff, still learning about Car Audio, but I dig that Mark will let me pick his brain with a million questions, and Raphael will explain to me the best way to set up my truck. I had them install some gear a few months ago, and about to bump my whole system up, and Mark is going to set aside a whole day for me. These guys are legit, and the prices are solid too! Great customer service. These guys are my "sound guys". ~Michael M
5	Mark and Raphael are the absolute best people I have ever found in this type of business. Usually you see alot of butchers that leave you with nightmare electrical problems on your car. Or someone who will take every last dime you have for a cheap pair of speakers. NOT these guys...I have had them build three different stereo systems for three different cars..all were custom and well exceeded my expectations. And we're on a working man's budget. Mark and Raphael treat each other like Father and Son the way they tease each other and make it a family type atmosphere. They are very honest and knowledgeable in what they do. Highly recommended if care about your car time stereo and money.
5	Awesome place. At first, I walked up to the door and it was locked, which was off to me since the sign said "open". Apparently the actual entrance is through the garage (odd). Once I entered the store I was surprised of the large selection. I purchased an amp for a GREAT price. Also got an iPhone case for $4. The gentleman that ran the place was a genuine guy. Check this place out if you are in need of any Audio equipment.
