4	This wee coffee shop is always busy! They always have posters up on the walls advertising the next gig or concert in Edinburgh's ally's. Because of this, I always think it's pretty cool!They don't have many places to sit other than a couple stools at the window, which are almost always occupied. But it doesn't really matter, you can get your food/coffee and eat en route or find a nice seat somewhere - I personally go down to Dynamic Earth and use their picnic benches.Their food menu isn't substantial but is good nevertheless. It's relatively cheap and can give you a student discount if you ask nicely.I really like this place as it is en route to my classes and is cheaper than the bigger chains. Their coffee is hot though, so if you're not a heat-freak, like me, then leave it to cool down for a while. Your tongue will thank you for it.
4	This little cafe seemed to always be mysteriously closed whenever I passed up until recently, when in equally mysterious a manner it's always been open. I'm glad, as I was starting to get fed up with my list of lunch venues and it's given me somewhere else to sit and read my daily sensationalist, bigoted, gossip-mongering rag.Good, basic, no frills grub, that admittedly isn't quite of the standard available at some of my other haunts, but is substantially cheaper so I can't complain. Good for people watching as well, as this crossroads can often be a hive of commuter activity.
3	In my first year of university, my friends and I developed a bizarre attachment to Coffee Corner, although looking back it's hard to know exactly why.  Perhaps it was because staff members would unexpectedly pop up from a trap door in the floor to serve you, before disappearing down again into  mysterious depths below.  Or perhaps it was because of the trashy magazines we would read while we waited for our chips, which we all secretly enjoyed but were too embarrassed to buy.  It certainly wasn't the coffee, anyway, which I mistakenly tried once and discovered it was so bad as to be virtually undrinkable.  I seem to remember the chips were alright, thin crispy ones rather than the fat greasy ones you get in most chippies.I actually haven't been back to Coffee Corner for several years, so it may have drastically changed.  It's in a good location, between the Cowgate and the Royal Mile, for those times when you're overcome with the need for hot, greasy food halfway through a night out, and on such occasions, where cheapness and availability count for more than quality, Coffee Corner perfectly fits the bill.
3	I have to admit that despite the fact I walk past this place on my way  to the Pleasance Gym on a regular basis, I only recently realised Coffee Corner existed. "Why I just happen to be a Yelp Scout, let's give this place a try" I thought.I think the name Coffee Corner is slightly misleading. Its technically not right on the corner and whilst they do offer coffee, its emphasis is on selling cheap convenient food to take away. There are a couple of seats by the window but in all likelihood you'll be grabbing and going. The food on offer is of the fast food variety: pizza, burgers as well as wraps. I think the latter is the safer bet, the wraps seem to be fresher and better quality. The pizzas and like are not really my cup of tea, too greasy (it's a good thing the gym is near by, you'd probably need it afterwards). Overall the quality is better than most takeaways, but not as good as some of the sandwich and deli shops around nearby Nicholson St. It is cheaper however.If you want to spend a long time sipping coffee and taking the atmosphere in, go elsewhere. If you want a quick bite to eat on your way elsewhere or some coffee to go, Coffee (just off the) Corner is adequate.
