4	Cant go wrong with cinnabon,besides being in a mall. They should take a hint from Phoenix AZ and put them in stand alone restaurants. The menu has been expanded with just the insides of the buns in a variety of flavors. Delicious
4	Good: Pecan bunsBad: it's over 1,000+ calories. (I guess this is good since I'd be eating this everyday!)
5	Cinnabon is one of the most amazing desserts ever! I would choose this over ice cream, froyo, cake, pie, anything.  Whenever I know I'm going to Galleria Mall I know I'm in for a treat!!!This place satisfies my craving. I'm so glad it's 20 miles away from where I live! The workers here are super nice, friendly, and very helpful! The cool thing about this location is that they bake the rolls fresh right in front of you through a glass window! The smell alone brings people in :)
4	This is by far the best cinnabon in Las Vegas. People are friendly and the food is fresh.  It's in a mall but never too busy. I'm usually in and out.
5	This Cinnabon had SUCH great service. Keith was very nice and funny! He made my day with his witty humor. He also didn't rush me when I was trying to order and he takes his time to explain the different cinnabons. :)
5	How can u resist this place?! There was 1 girl here working by herself with a long line. She kept herself together & everyone still left happy. Good job!
2	Haven't had Cinnabon since I moved to Vegas so I was very excited to finally get a classic roll to eat as well as a box of six to take home. I ended up being quite disappointed with the roll. The icing was really yummy and the flavor was good overall, but it was either not fresh or made well. The bun itself had a dry doughy/papery texture and was just unappetizing to eat. I could've gotten cheaper and better cinnamon rolls at an average supermarket. Hopefully the box of cinnamon buns that I got won't be too bad when I heat them up and eat them at home. This location is not up to par with other Cinnabons and it was such a huge disappointment for me considering how long I've been craving Cinnabon. This definitely won't be on my list of future eats. ):
4	I love Cinnabon. Seriously. But I also have a pretty serious sweet tooth. So anytime I am craving something's sweet, and I am around the Galleria Mall, I stop in for a Cinnabon. Both the Classic and the Caramel Pecan are satisfying for me.I am not too sure about some of the other goodies they have. The "center of the Bon" I have never had, and I have also never tried the mini-bons although I can't imagine they are much different than the original. I like this location because it is convenient, and the staff are always polite.
