5	The Wild Side is awesome. One of the most unique places in town to eat. We have been in a few times, the staff is always friendly and informative, and the owner is very pleasant and accessible, they all truly make you feel welcome. The food is always excellent and the burgers are huge. This is one of our favorite places to take our out of town guests!!!
4	Great beer and improving wine selection.  Meals have been good in the past.  Service has vastly improved with the changes.  Looking forward to having dinner.  Just drinks tonight.....Nice time
3	This whole area must be built on an ancient Indian burial grounds. Every restaurant in this area is not that great.  TC's bar and grill isn't that good and nether is this place. It mus be the impossible task to have fresh food.  The French fries were old and the shrimp was slimey. Other food was  ok.  i always want to support the local owned businesses but they always seem to get lazy and sloppy over time.
2	When this place was Trophy's, it was way better. They have changed the menu quite a bit and the quality of food has gone downhill.  The staff is still great, but don't go for the food. Still a great place to drink, but eat somewhere else before you go.
2	We've frequented this restaurant a number of time with friends and even brought out of town relatives.  Since changing from Trophy's, we've seen a change in service, but unfortunately our visit on Saturday will cause us to most likely not visit again.  We placed our order soon after our drink order and saw table after table getting their food served.  At first, we didn't think much of it because we were having a good time catching up with friends, but then when our waitress started getting concerned with the time, we looked at our watches and a good 50 minutes had passed.  Two of us ordered burgers (which are very good), one patty melt and one order of lamb.  Mind you two tables that came in after us, with larger parties had already been served food-- one of those tables was at least a party of 10.  But you know what?  We were having a good time, so we were going to let it go.  They finally brought out our food and the waitress apologized numerous times and said the manager would be out to talk to us.  My friend dug into his lamb which was WAY to rare and sent it back... then we asked to see the manager.  After waiting another 25 minutes, having the waitress come out another four times and ask if the manager came out to see us, we were pretty upset.  The last time the waitress came to our table, she advised us our entire meal would be comped.  Now, what kind of manager doesn't come out and speak to his/her customers?  We didn't want our meal comped (except the lamb), we wanted to talk to the manager.  Instead, they comped the meal, embarrassed our waitress and lost our business.  We certainly didn't hose our waitress and tipped her very generously as we felt bad for the whole thing... They wanted to change their name for marketing purposes.... well the manager better get their act together and put their customer service hat on.  That is what the business is all about after good food.  Come on!!
1	Terrible experience! Took an hour for food to come out and table's drinks were completely empty before being re-filled at least twice through the meal. On the bright side, we were offered a comped dessert, then later that night I saw that they charged us for a beer we never ordered! Takes more than a name change to to improve this kind of terrible quality service!
2	Took my husband here today for Father's Day and let me just say I won't be back. We went in and had to seat ourselves and maybe 5 minutes later the waitress finally came and gave us menus and took our drink order. The time that it from the time we placed our orders till we got our food was almost 20 minutes and we just kept looking around wondering why it was taking so long to make a Caesar salad with shrimp (was ok, have definitely experienced better) Chicken Parmesan sandwich (was very dry) kids steak (way overcooked) and kids burger (again over cooked) Our waitress never came back and our glasses sat empty on the table until she finally emerged from the back. When she brought us our drinks, my kids had no ice in them and mine had barley any ice at all. This place had much better service and food in my opinion when it was Trophy's and I believe when their dad still ran it. This was our first experience here since the name change and unfortunately this place that we frequented will no longer have our service. The only perk to our experience  today was that our kids ate free. We could not understand why it would take so long for our food to come out when we were the only ones in there until 2 more families came in. If you are going to have such a slow service, do you think your waitresses could be a little more friendlier instead of making you feel like you were disrupting their day?
4	I am a fan. It's my local watering hole and it's well appointed. I've gone to have drinks in running clothes and dressed fairly nice so it's welcoming for all. I typically drink beer or wine and they are really working on their wine list. Since they have changed over from Trophy's I haven't had a sit down dinner but I have enjoyed many of their appetizers. The calamari was very nice, the flat bread with gorgonzola and a berry sauce was really sweet but delish, my all time favorite is the pork wings - amazing! I feel like a cave woman when I eat them, mini-meat loins on a bone, and when they say habanero hot - trust - it's bloody hot. They have a beer and a wine club now. I plan on joining the wine club the manager seems to really know good wine. I hope to have dinner there soon and will update this review when I do. So far so good!
4	New to the area and since its the closest local restaurant, I have visited 4 times in the last month. Surprised to see reviews about bad service since we found the service to be excellent on every visit. Food in general is very good. Interesting selection of bison, elk and even kangaroo. Burgers have been great, priced right at about $10-$12. Haven't been disappointed yet. I'd give 5 stars, but on my last visit I had a steak that was just average. Steak was cooked well, and tasted good, but for a NY Strip I thought it was a little thin for the price.  Decor is really interesting. I'm not a hunter or an outdoorsman, so all the dead animals are not a positive for me. It's done really well, museum quality, but again I have to look past that. The most positive thing I can say is the food and staff seem really good and its a local place. If you're a local, do your part and support these places so we can all have more like them!
4	I like this place as it is close to home and has good beer.  With that said, service varies and can be lackluster.
4	Closed.   Rip.
5	Friday @1:30 p.m.: Bartender= Awesome! He was informative to any questions I had about the menu,  was charismatic and funny. He recommended the buffalo so we ordered buffalo sliders and they were OUTSTANDING! Cold beer, great food, and phenomenal service equals a hit in my book!!!
1	Horrible horrible.   have been there ten times or more when it was trophys.  was hoping it would be the same great food... But I was wrong.   Paid 27 bucks force steak that had no flavor that came with veggies that had no seasoning.   Did I mention it was 27 bucks and did not even come with a salad.   You would get more steak if you ordered two kids meal steaks and had that as your meal.     Used to be a huge fan of the place, but we won't be back unless I hear they made some changed.
4	I finally had a full-on meal here and I really enjoyed it! I took my boys out prior to school starting. We went in about 6/7 on a Saturday night and got seated at a four top near the bar right away. All the booths were taken. It's a bit awkward at these tables. I don't know why - it feels like the people in the booths are looking at you the whole time and so are the animals. But I got used to it. The food: I ordered the 6oz filet with sweet potato fries, the older boy got chicken fried steak and mashed potatoes, the younger boy got a kids cheese burger with fries. I struggled with the wine list as I was unfamiliar with the vineyards so I was searching for reviews on my phone and finally settled on a Merlot (I know, I know "No f***ing Merlot!) but it had the best reviews but then found out they were out. So I went to the bar and the bartender was awesome. She helped me find a very nice red that wasn't on the list. We munched on the rolls and butter while we waited for the food. Very good bread!The food took a bit long to come out but luckily the Diamondbacks game was on the big TVs. The filet looked so tiny! But it was the right size for me, anything more I wouldn't have been able to finish. The meat was incredibly tender barely needed a knife. It was cooked almost perfect, I ordered medium rare and the first cut looked overcooked but it was just a small section of the meat. So either their grill needs some adjusting or the cut wasn't even since the rest of the steak was a perfect red center. Great simple seasoning just the way I like it - all about the meat. The SP fries were your typical SP fries, the veggies were wonderful but the presentation was lacking. I would suggest they work on that. I would also recommend they serve a small salad with the filet it's just expected. My older boy was in heaven with the chicken fried steak and my younger loved the burger. The fries aren't as good as they used to be - just generic fries. The server was great, super friendly, a bit soft spoken but always checking on us and his other tables. Got the boys refills on their drinks and water.  All in all a nice meal. Next I want to go back and try a burger they looked great!
1	It's too bad you can't give negative stars for a palce like Wildside Grill.First I wanted to address the 5 star and positive reviews which are posted by the owners and their friends. I call B.S. as NO ONE has a good time at this over-priced, small portioned and horrible managed place.A couple of the servers are very nice but the management sucks. They don't care about how bad the food is as they just wants the local drunks to come in.We arrived on a Saturday Night at 6 and though the place had only 10 people in it we had to wait 10 minutes till anyone greeted us and took us to a booth. After another 15 minutes a server came by and took our drink order and then we waited another 15 minutes for her to come back with our drinks and a menu and I mean a menu even though there was three of us at the table. We tried to keep her at the table so we could order but she left because the manager was YELLING at her across the place to come over to him. HE WAS A JERK. We could hear him screaming at the girl about how she screwed up his friends order and she told him she didn't even take their order as it was another girl. Guy was foul mouthed and so unprofessional.So after 10 minuted she came back to our table and we could tell she had been crying. She took our order and this is where the fun really begins (NOT) We waited 30 minutes and watched other tables who came in after us get better service and their food. We had ordered two burgers and the salmon dish. Finally our food came or we thought as the now male server had brought another table's order to our table. We watched him go to 5 tables before finding that lucky table that had to watch their food travel around the place. 10 minutes after that he brought our order and the food was pathetic. Both burgers were way over-cooked as in badly burnt. We had ordered medium not charcoaled. The salmon was small and dry as in very dry/over cooked. We told the male server we wanted to talk to the manger and he said he would try but that he was busy and might be able to come over ? REALLY ? We watched him sit by the bar talking to a girl for 10 more minutes. At this point we had had enough and got up to leave and he raced to the door to stop us thinking we were running out on the check. We told hiim EVERYTHING we went through and he finally moved with no apology just a stupid look on his face and then he said "Guess you won't be back"Boy is he right and anyone that is stupid enough to go here needs mental help.THIS PLACE IS PATHETIC AND SHOULD BE CLOSED !!!
5	We always have loved this place.  Great food,  good service and our toddler daughter loves seeing the animals. I always recommend to friends.
4	The consistence of the wait staff remains a challenge.  The owners are very nice folks.  The kitchen staff are throwing down these days.  I really like the pork wings.  They are outstanding and unique to Wild Side.  Steak and potatoes.  Good beer, what's not to like....
5	Excellent food!  Excellent service! Worth eating here. Owners from South Dakota and so are we!  We didn't get to meet them but highly recommend this place. There were 8 in our group and everyone's food was great.
4	This is just my go to local place.  love it!  Always good cold beer on tap, and sitting at the bar we always get great service.  Best steaks in the area in my opinion.  Great happy hour deals too.  Management changed in the last few months, Thank God.  Totally on the up swing, worth a visit for sure!!
1	Same crap but a different day and name with this place. Over price bad food that I wouldn't even feed my dog! Believe me I hate that dog! in fact I'm pretty sure I've had better dog down in Mexico then what these people try to pass off as meat! The service sucks and it's still not worth it even with getting a Groupon for 50 percent off. this place should have closed down years ago but apparently the people that own it have a very large farm up in North Dakota to sell us poisonous GMO corn which keeps the doors of this place open somehow! its not a local restaurant and it ran by people that live out of state but claim to be local because they bought a vacation home in power ranch.
3	I was so nervous to try this place because all of the crazy things they serve. It was alright! The food was just so-so. I wouldn't return for the food. However, the service we received would get 5 stars!! Jen was our waitress and she was very personable. I liked her. This place was cool to try something different, but I doubt that we will be back. The inside of this place is also awesome.
1	Wednesday evening 02/05/14, stopped for dinner after golf and very disappointed. Sat in the bar area for over 15 minutes, 2 bartenders, numerous waitresses walked by and not one person acknowledged we were there. Got up and left. Will not be back. Very poor customer service!
1	FYI to animal lovers: there are taxidermied animals EVERYWHERE. The wolf at the front and three bears in the center of the restaurant were so off-putting that we left before being seated.
5	Wild Side Grill offers a unique experience which I thought was awesome, but it's definitely not for everyone (vegetarians). This restaurant has an amazing collection of taxidermied animals which caught me off guard at first. Having a stuffed polar bear watch me eat was definitely a new experience! I got their meat sampler platter which had a good variety of unique meats to try. You won't find these options at 99% of other restaurants! The antelope sausage was amazing.The service was also excellent. The hostesses were very friendly and our server Sabrina went above and beyond to ensure we had a great meal.If you are a hunter or love meat, you need to check this place out.
1	Just the facts...My lady& I come here 30x in past 6 mos. Tuesday 3/11 7:45pm we stroll in bartender (Emily?) no eye contact. Gets dirty dishes. No acknowledge we are standing at the bar. No Joke it was like we were invisible. Mgr (off-duty) gets served a drink. Mgr (Jeramy?) walks directly in front of us, gets/cleans empty glasses on bar. No Eye contact, No hey how ya doing? Nothing... Even zombies are noticed. I vented. I'm doing my job! I'm at a bar, over21,with money. I Just want One Cold Beer Now! When I sit at your bar. *Somebody* if you like your locals continued eating/drinking DO SOMETHING.And Dogs are welcome (not) conditionally as long you sit next to it on the patio but can you imagine the wait for water????kds
4	Impressed by the eclectic menu. The food tasted great. They are kid friendly and even brought my kids goldfish crackers as a bonus. Reservations accepted but not necessary. The kids loved the impressive animal displays. I was pleasantly surprised to get a coupon when I checked in with Yelp.
1	I am not sure what happened here.  I am thinking new kitchen staff.  We came here back in December for our anniversary and overall it was a good experience (three stars).  The food was very good.  The service, somewhat slow, but not bad enough to complain about.  The one thing that really bothered me is that they substituted something on my plate without asking!  I gave it a solid three stars for food taste alone.This time, a completely different story.  The service was painfully slow and the food was a complete disaster.  It took twenty minutes to get our first round of drinks (I know, we should have left at that point, but we had been talking the place up and wanted our guests to see how good the food was - HUGE mistake!).  I need to mention that the restaurant was not overly crowded at this time (no one waiting for tables) and there seemed to be plenty of staff.  They just weren't getting the ordered items in a timely fashion from either the kitchen or the bar (we did see several parties get up and leave).  Of all the food that we ordered there were only a few things that were even slightly acceptable.  One was the Prime Rib (after all, how can you screw that up?).  The "signature" Meatloaf was supposed to be a mixture of Buffalo and Elk ("served with a red wine demi-glace - yea, right!).  It was so overpowered with seasoning you could not get any meat flavor at all.  They could have used the cheapest beef available and it would still have the same flavor.  The appetizer combo platter was nearly inedible.  The Rocky Mountain Oysters were flavorless and rubbery; the Frog Legs were dry and bland (how can you dry out Frog Legs for crying out loud?!); the so called Beef Chislic was dry chunks of Beef Stew meat with no seasoning whatsoever; the Meatloaf has already been discussed; the only redeeming item on the platter was the Antelope Sausage and the Calamari (and I am pretty sure the Calamari is frozen), at $25.00 this is a huge rip-off.  The slider trio was just OK.  The stuffed Jalapeno's were extremely lame.  Six little shriveled up (small) Jalapeno halves with a little cream cheese wrapped in bacon (that's three whole Jalapeno's!).  I am told the Tenderloin Satay was decent, but at that point I wasn't in the mood to try anything else.As I said, I am not sure what happened to this place, but this is probably one of the worst turn-arounds I have ever seen and I have already started spreading the word that they have gone straight to crap and definitely are not worth the trip, the time or the money.If I could give zero stars I would.
5	Awesome food, outstanding beers, wonderful people!  Just a great locally owned bar and grill.
4	Been here a little over a dozen times during the last year but it has been months since my last visit which went well when me and my grandfather grabbed lunch after shooting nearby. I was able to keep my holstered Beretta on my belt that visit which was nice as many places don't seem to like customers to open carry.This visit was my best so far, me and my wife wanted to grab an early dinner while our son is with family and received excellent service. Our waitress Jen made sure to stop and check on us often and was very nice. The meal was well priced and the portions were more than generous although I coulda used another pickle on the Buffalo Burger but I enjoy pickles a little more than most I believe :)It was nice to see a coupon offer as I checked in as well and asked our waitress Jen about who quickly looked at and said she would go add to our check.I've had two visits out of my times here that were not so great but I believe one was due to a new waitress just being a little to young and not air-headed but hopefully she figured out how to do her job better although I never saw her after. The other was at the bar where a female bartender was rude but that may have been due to my buddy who was a little crazy although not an excuse for her in my opinion as she was working and he wasn't that bad but she could have been having a bad day.Hope others enjoy this place as much as I do and don't have any bad visits as the place can be one of the best restaurants you visit..
4	Staff was super friendly and helpful while explaining the menu. We tried new things because of our servers explanation. The menu has several things I want to try so I will definitely be going back.
1	Introduced by Groupon. Tried it the first time and was mediocre (service and food). Tried it again the 2nd time, same experience. 3rd time, had a small family birthday gathering of 11. Made reservations at 5:45. Did not get our food until 7pm. The waitress was super nice but needed help or more experience in servicing a larger group. Ordered drinks and it look over 20 minutes to get them. I would completely understand if the place was busy but it wasn't. Management had a heads up that a relatively large party is coming in. They should have did a better job of staffing the service, in my opinion. For this reason, we will not be returning.
3	I, unlike some folks, was not at all bothered by the taxidermy. I think its a cool place with great service, I just didn't love the food. I felt it was mediocre which is a shame because its in a good location, we got good service and they have a diverse menu. I'll likely give it another try but I wasn't totally impressed on my first visit.
4	This place has very unique wild game.  They always have elk, bison and antelope.  In addition they have unique specials such as kangaroo and boa constrictor.  Tonight my wife had the marlin, which was very good.   I had the antelope sausage and enjoyed it.There are multiple beers on tap and six additional beers that change frequently.Also,  there are many museum quality taxidermy animal, including a polar bear, that decorate the place.
4	Decided to try this place out after seeing them on a review for some of the best burger spots in the southeast valley.  Love the quality of the decor at Wild Side, museum quality game all over this place which was really interesting.  Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and the establishment as well.  The menu is diverse and really gives you a chance to try some different things.  We had the buffalo burgers which were different-in a good way.  The burgers were both slightly over cooked but all of our food was fresh and hot.  The only bad thing I could say is that in going to a place such as this I wasn't expecting for children to be running around screaming.  We will definitely be back again to try something new from the unique menu!
2	The place was empty but we still had to wait a while for our food to come out and it was cold.  Not crazy about the crabby service either.  It's a shame because it's so close to home.  We won't be going back :(
4	The food and service here is great love this place we always bring our out of town friends here never disappointed
3	Food was pretty good!! Had a sirloin salad that was very fresh and the ambiance is very nice there with better than average scenery and very nice and clean utensils/plates and the like. My wife had a salad as well that had the most amazing candied pecans! I only have 3 stars though because it was def more expensive than it should be. The service wasn't as great as it could have been considering they weren't busy at all on a Friday night.
5	the place has all 29 big game animals indigenous to North America on glorious display and awesome lunch specials and beer from the AZ Wilderness Brewery on tap. you couldn't find a more kickass place to watch Monday night football or enjoy an intimate evening with a special lady than in a leather upholstered den that's a monument to man's excess. did I mention they serve elk / bison / antelope / etc? come here if you want to experience 1/1000 of how manly teddy Roosevelt must have felt, or if your enjoy drinking with an actual polar bear
1	1. Food is fantastic. I can not complain about taste or quality.2. It may be the worst service I've encountered. We have been there over 5 times and have had different servers each time. They all have messed up our orders, slow to check on us and didn't appear to have any invested interest in the restaurant. They have a "mug club" which sounds amazing! You have to go somewhat often to make worth while but is a great deal. I would go but whoever is hiring servers and waitresses. You need to be fired!!! You are horrible at assessing ability.
5	Jay and Jen are the dynamic duo of amazing servers and you would do well to patron this establishment and tip them well.  these ladies keep the beer coming and the food hot!
4	Food was good. Brooke was a great waitress. I ordered a patty melt and it was wonderful. Very considerate and timely!
1	The service was awful. There were 3 other tables in the restaurant and 4 servers. We walked in, one girl shouted across the restaurant to sit wherever we wanted. 4 of the 5 tables we were going to choose were dirty. The server walked up said she was new. She couldn't find her pen so she decided to try to remember our order. She came back to ask our drink order then came back again to ask our food order. We ordered the frog legs. They were ok but pretty fishy tasting. Then we ordered a wild boar sandwich and the meatloaf. We only got the sandwich, but just wanted to leave and our server had disappeared. The sandwich was bland and chewy. Our server didn't come back for a long time when we put our credit card on the table she finally showed up ran our card. The tables that were dirty when we arrived were still dirty. The best thing about this place was the animals in the middle of the restaurant. The rest of the decor was plain and the food and service were some of the worst I've ever had. I will not be back.
3	We tried this Grill for the first time.  We just moved to Queen Creek from Mesa; and we want to try new places around us.  1.  The atmosphere in the restaurant is very nice.  Has a Tuscan gone Cabin appeal.  It was fun reading about the various animals around the room, where they were hunted etc.  29 large game animals and the owner bagged all of them. 2. The food was very good.  I actually had the Cobb Salad; but my husband had the jalapeno burger and loved it.  My son had the chicken Parmesan.3. The PRICE is an issue.  It's a casual Saturday afternoon; I did not expect to pay $58 dollars for lunch. Not for salad and burgers. I suspect the place does not draw in a lot of people; there was only one other table seated besides us, so they may be making up for it with their prices.  I will say however, the beer is a good deal ($4 for a pint).
2	This place is definitely over decorated.  It looks more like Cabella's than a restaurant.  A lot of money went into the place, but seems like a theme place.The place was pretty empty when we stopped in for lunch.  My beer took WAY too long to come, the server apologized, but the second seemed to take longer.My friend and  I both had the wild slider lunch.  The onion jam was good, but the meat had a seasoning I didn't care for - kind of like celery salt.  The fries were horrible.  They were fresh cut but limp and greasy.  Obviously not double cooked.  They were season nicely.  I probably should have sent mine back.The third in our party said her beef burger really good.  She said it with enthusiasm.  She hardly touched her fries though.It doesn't surprise me that this place is closing at the end of the month.
