4	I recently had my wedding/reception in Las Vegas and my reception coordinator suggested that I order my cake from the Gourmet Cake Factory. She told me upfront that the website photos weren't the best, but the cakes look and taste great. When I first called in I spoke to a woman that wasn't pleasant at ALL. She was rushing me and didn't give me full answers to my questions. It really turned me off and I wasn't sure if I even wanted to deal with them. I called back a couple months later and spoke to a gentleman named Dominique. He was great! He answered all of my questions and explained everything. Since everything was done over the phone I felt MUCH better working with him. The cake came out GREAT! it was delivered right on time and it was delicious. It was a 3-tier cake with each tier being a different flavor (Swirl Cake w/Mocha Bavarian Mousse; Choc. cake w/Raspberry and Chocolate w/White Chocolate Mousse). EVERYONE loved the Chocolate Raspberry! Overall the cake was excellent and I was satisfied. I would definitely recommend the Gourmet Cake Factory if you need a wedding cake in Vegas:)
3	The white peach cheesecake was good but the lemon bar I really liked and the prices are pretty low.
5	I had my wedding cake from the Gourmet Cake Factory.  I have no regrets.  We have some harsh critics in our family,  and believe me, they loved the cake.  I ordered the Chocolate cake with raspberry cream.  It was pure heaven.  I would definitely use them again and recommend them any time.  I worked with Dominique and not only did he understand my concept for the cake and matched my wedding colors, but most importantly, he was VERY patient.
4	We've passed this by many times when we lived up Jones, but never paid any mind to it. I've always been under the impression it was a custom cake place, which it is, but they offer great individual treats too. I figured if it has been around all these years in a odd business office center, it has to be good.We came an hour before close and there wasn't much in the way of what was in the counter.  We normally wait til we get home, but the BF really wanted to eat the mini almond raspberry tart on the drive and it was so good we had to turn back and ask about it. I guess it was meant to be.He grabbed us another dozen of those tarts ($1 each mini 2 inch tart or dozen for $11). They are on a nice crunchy pastry shell, with a thin layer of raspberry jam, buttery cake, nice glaze on top with almonds, a tiny dollop of whip cream and raspberry on top. It's not a sweet dessert, but very comfort food type satisfying. The BF absolutely is gaga about this, and I really enjoy it too.The lemon meringue ($3, 4 inch tart) was rather nice as well! I am not a lemon dessert person until recently I've been able to appreciate them in small doses. So for me to love it, I think that means a lot. It wasn't overly lemony (I hate that fake tasting lemon many places do!), the meringue wasn't too stiff or sweet, the pastry shell was perfect. After talking with the owner, it sounds like a majority of their business isn't foot traffic, but a lot of supplying cafes on the strip, banquets, conventions, hotels, etc with pastries and doing custom event cakes. That means they always have treats in the back in mass quantities that is possibility not in the display case so make sure to ask!!! He always makes extra and prefers not to have a lot of stuff out in the case that are better assembled fresh (like a fruit tart), but he can probably whip it up for you if the components are made. I kinda like that approach - made and finished to order. The only problem is I wish there was a way to see/know all the secrets hiding in the back, but I'm sure he will run down what's available for the day. There wasn't a pastry over $3 I saw so I feel its very good prices for the quality. I guess since they make so much, they can keep prices low. The owner is French so the desserts are made in a French style of baking. I don't know why this place isn't somewhere with better foot traffic because they seriously would be successful on that front as well. This recent week we've gone to a few very busy and famous local pastry shops and honestly, this was a strong rival to the quality of those places, maybe even better. At least to the BF he preferred this over the spot we tried in Henderson, and thankfully closer to us near his family's neighborhood. What a nice hidden gem. Wish I knew of it sooner, but look forward to trying more this place has to offer.
2	Very disappointed.  Entire cake went to waste and was not enjoyable.  Party spoiler.
5	Favorite place to buy any of my treats for any event! The owner is very attentive to making sure I always get what I want. It was not to my knowledge they have sandwiches and salads as well, until I asked. They are just as delicious as their treats. I would recommend this place to anyone first!
5	I recently got married in Las Vegas, and  a friend recommended I get my cake from TGCF. I ordered it without being able to taste it ahead of time. I sent them a picture of what I wanted my cake to look like and they made it just like the pic!! AND... This was the MOST delicious cake ever!! I got chocolate with chocolate mouse. WOW. People at the wedding were raving about how great the cake was. I would highly recommend them!!!
3	Solid bakery with tasty products- beware walking in that their pastry case is very limited and the majority of their business is wholesale and special order.Spoke extensively with cashier/owner, who explained business history including location changes. Very friendly guy, but they get little foot traffic and focus their energies on custom cakes, particularly wedding cakes.Saw a few on display waiting for pickup and was there to see an order of bachelorette party cupcakes (featuring frosting-dripping phalluses) get picked up, seems they're able to do a wide variety of work.Slim pickings for walk-in order, but they have a menu for salads and sandwiches.Picked a fruit tart, almond tart, and some truffles that were all well done: perfect tart bases, delicious filling and fresh fruit, delicate flavors, aesthetically pleasing. Would go again, and pricing is good (total came to an even $4, per-item prices weren't listed or discussed), would call ahead before popping in on future visits.
5	I called this bakery to order a cake for a bridal shower. I wasn't exactly sure what type of cake I wanted or what decorations I had in mind. I made multiple annoying calls asking many questions. Every staff member that I spoke with was extremely patient and helpful. It took over a month to finalize my cake order. A 50% deposit was required at the time of order and the final amount to be paid upon pick-up. I ended up picking a design from their website and then sent multiple pictures of cakes that I found online and together, the staff and I agreed on a cake design that would work without having to use fondant. I selected a 2-tier (6"/10") red velvet cake with cream cheese buttercream frosting. I picked it up on a Friday at the time as promised and the cake was a huge hit. I did not expect a cake that was as moist, delicious, or more beautiful than the one I ordered. The buttercream frosting was not too sweet and was perfect with the cake. The cake was softer and moister than any baker cake I had ever had and I hate to admit that I once the event was over, there was probably 3/4 of the bottom later still left, and I ate it all in two days. The cake was perfect. The staff was so helpful and nice. The price was at least $100 less than any other baker I had called that was in town. The Gourmet Cake Factory can't be beat.
5	I just want to say the cake was phenomenal.  I think it came out even better then the references I had given.  I told my husband he could pick the wedding cake and he wanted TMNT themed and I have to say you delivered!  Everyone was raving about it all through dinner and it really made a special event even better!Also, my father does not usually like 'gluten free' baked goods but said the chocolate cake was very well done and did not have any 'odd taste' as is his usual complaint when I bake Gluten Free, so that is saying a lot to you and your bakers! The strawberry cake was reportedly very good, moist and tasty.Everyone really enjoyed dessert.
