5	Amazing, honest mechanics.  I wouldn't use anyone else.
5	We have taken our Mercedes and Toyota to Curt's and they always take such good care of us. Fair prices, friendly staff and overall, it is a place you can trust to do the right thing! If you want a repair done right and at a fair price, this is the only place I would recommend.
5	I went to Curt's on a recommendation from my dad. I was having problems with my car blowing smoke when starting up. They took a look at my car and gave it an oil treatment to reduce the smoke. They said if it returns after the next oil change that I may need a valve replacement (which is very pricey). They were very upfront with what was happening and didnt even charge me for the labor to do the oil treatment.Turns out I needed the valve job so I returned to the shop. They gave me an estimated and called me when the car was ready. They said the part I needed was mor ethen they had anticipated but they only charged me for what I was quoted at. They noticed I needed a few other parts and went ahead and replaced them as well. They are very honest and reliable. I am always very happy with the servie and would recommend Curts to everyone. I also love how they send a thank you note a few days later.
5	WE LOVE CURT'S!WE have used them on SEVERAL occasions! We own three jeeps and a honda, and all of our cars have been up there for one thing or another.They are honest, friendly and knowledgeable.  The owner, Jim and his wife, are just great people..the kind you just don't find anymore. They REALLY stand behind their work.  We have found their prices to be fair, the service is awesome and their attention to detail (even the human factor), just outstanding.They have a very nice little reception area that offers doughnuts (I love doughnuts!), complimentary water, soda (yay, Diet Coke)  and a Kruig maker, too!!!!.....not to mention they are a kid-friendly place too!  They have a little area with toys.  (I bet they like dogs too!)I can't say enough about how wonderful this place is.....we are a fan of Curt's!Like their motto says..."if your car hurts, take it to Curts!!!"
5	Curt's auto repair is an outstanding family owned business. Their service was great, honest, and needless to say, FAST! Their staffs are friendly and highly knowledgeable of their jobs. I'm glad I came across them. No complaints what so ever. Not only did they get my car up and running in a matter of days, the owner's wife sent me some flowers as a thank you for using their service. I don't know about you, but that is such a great PLUS for me! I would highly recommend this place!
5	We now have a favorite mechanic shop!  Had an oil pressure problem in our truck, took it to them and they even found the exhaust leak problem which we knew we had, but Midway Chevrolet and another mechanic said we didn't have!I love Jeff and the guys at Curt's.  They are an honest group and they have not made me feel as if they are out to nickel and dime us.  Great place!
5	WON'T TAKE MY VEHICLES ANYWHERE ELSE!I've been Curt's Auto customer for many years.  Trust is what it's all about.  Curt and his guys have never "steered" me wrong when it has come to maintenance of our Lexuses and our Tahoe.  Every single oil change, every repair, his customers are treated fairly and honestly by all the guys in the shop.  My parents both bring their cars to him now.  As do most of our friends.  His shop has grown respectably recently, yet there is still the feeling of family.
5	This is a good shop. I needed a new radiator. They did not try to sell me non essential repairs that I can't afford. They get straight to the main problem.
5	With in a 2 week period of time, I had get a new upper and lower radiator hose and a new battery -$250. I also had to get a new radiator - $310. They are nice people and treat their customers with respect.
5	Great place we have been coming here for years best mechanics in town . Service and employees always top notch
5	We took our car to Curt's for its 100,000 mile service and a few minor repairs.  We contacted Curt's prior to our visit for an estimate and because of the positive reviews and the price quoted, we decided on them.  Their communication and service was fantastic.  They were able to get us in right away and the work was done very quickly.  When they got into our car and saw some additional issues and items that needed to be replaced, they called us to discuss these items with us before taking any action.  All said and done, the price was very reasonable. All of the employees we dealt with were very professional, helpful & kind.  We will definitely be taking all of our cars back to Curt's any time we need service done.
