5	My first Yelp review! This place definitely deserves one though. The food was amazing, the service was excellent and the decor is simple and "classy". I normally get 3 rolls when I got to a place like Takara so I ordered three here and was unable to finish. They definitely do not skimp on the portions and the price is very reasonable. I will return to this restaurant for all of my future Madison sushi endeavors!
5	It was my girlfriend and I's anniversary and we wanted to try something new. We were pleasantly surprised with the classy and clean decor inside. Our server Dorothy was friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu. They had some classic sushi rolls and some creative ones we have never tried or seen before. For our appetizer we tried the negimaki which had a twist compared to the original scallions wraps in thin slices of meat. They also added asparagus, which gave it a great flavor and crunch. We also had the Salmon bruschetta (this was one of my favorites) and the gozilla roll. For our entree, we shared the shrimp and scallops dish. It was great! The veggies are seasoned perfect and the shrimp and scallops were cooked perfect too.We definitely want to go back and try a lot of the other dishes. They have a lot of innovative and new dishes we have never tried or seen in any other sushi menu.
5	Amazingly fresh sushi. Excellent ambiance. Super service, and great wine list for a shusi bar. The menu is diverse and exceptional! Muramoto used to be the best sushi in town, now it is RED! A must try!I've been there twice, and about to go in 20 minutes. It just opened under 2 weeks ago.
3	After seeing that all the reviews for this place were four 5-star reviews by people writing their first and only review (as of this writing), I was a bit skeptical, especially since it opened very recently.  So I thought I'd go take a look, as everyone had such nice things to say about it.Arrived at 11:30am on a Monday and the place wasn't very full.  About 8 people sitting down at the tables and 1 at the sushi bar.  Things got a little busier as the lunch hour progressed, but never got more than half full (if people didn't mind sitting at the bar).  Looked like maybe 5-6 staff were working, 2 of those were servers.They have 13 tables that sit 2 people, with the majority (8-9) up against the side wall so the people on that side get a booth seat. The other 2 person tables are up front with a view of King Street.  If you have a party larger than 2 people, they just push the tables together.  However, I could see it potentially being an issue if you walk in with a large party without reservations.  The sushi bar looked like it seated about 15 people.The decor is modern with a gray, black, and (you guessed it) red color theme.  I decided to try a chair instead of a booth, and it was comfortable enough for my bad back.  Nice sturdy wood disposable chopsticks at the table, not the ultra cheap kind you're used to with Chinese take out.This place advertises itself as sushi/grill.For the sushi portion, I counted 55 rolls to choose from, with assorted sushi/sashimi if you wished.  Some of the rolls were quite unique, but at least half were the "old standards" if you weren't feeling adventurous.  You could also get some different combos if you're looking to mix and match, or get a sushi appetizer.For the grill, they had some hibachi offerings, but the fusion aspect of the restaurant reared its head here, as there were some pasta dishes, and you could also order your hibachi with teriyaki, Korean BBQ, or Italian seasoning (what?!).  I'm not saying it's a bad idea, but it definitely wasn't expected.  If I had money to burn I might have even tried it just because I was intrigued.They have lunch specials during the week at least (not sure about weekends) where you can order 2 rolls from a reduced list for $10, get some sushi/sashimi/roll combos for $10 and up, or go the hibachi route for $9.Regarding liquor, they have a small bar, a wine list about a page long, a handful of sake/plum wine selections, and some bottled beer.  No beer taps.Service was ok after I sat down.  I was greeted, told to sit wherever I wished, and handed the full menu, the lunch menu, and the wine menu.  My beverage arrived in adequate time, and then I placed my order.I ordered the Shellfish Lover appetizer for about $10, which consists of 5 pieces of sushi, specifically: shrimp, scallop, surf clam, conch, and whelk.  The shrimp wasn't specified as Ebi or Amaebi (cooked, or raw respectively) and the server wasn't sure either and said she could check.  While I prefer Amaebi, I hadn't had Ebi for awhile so I told her not to worry about it.I also asked if I had the option to order fresh wasabi.  After checking on this it was discovered that they only have the standard powder-based wasabi quail eggs.  That's too bad as other places in town have it and it's really so much better that I'm more than happy to spend a couple extra bucks for it.  With all of the emphasis on sushi, I was surprised they didn't have any.For a 5 piece simple sushi order, it took 20-25 minutes.  I'm not sure what combination of factors contributed, whether the order got in late, or my order was competing with other more elaborate roll orders or what.  I don't know about your office's lunch policy, but I can't really wait over 30 mins after sitting down to get my order, unless I work a couple of blocks away.  I would have also appreciated it if the server had acknowledged the wait.When I finally did get my order, the server told me that they were out of Japanese whelk, so the chef substituted crawfish.  You would think that since I love crayfish/crawfish that this wouldn't be an issue.  But actually it's kind of a big deal for a couple of reasons.  1) What should have happened is when the chef saw my order, they call the server over to let them know, and have the server tell me what's up and ask me if I'd like to proceed, or offer me another choice, or whatever BEFORE the food arrives prepared at the table.  This is common sense both from the customer's and restaurant's perspective as I get to revise my order, and they don't go to the trouble of making something I may refuse.  2) Ideally before each service, the sushi chef should notify the servers what's unavailable on the menu and keep them up to date if they run out of stock. Rating: 3 of 5 stars, deducting one star for the substitution faux pas,  a half a star for the speed of the order, and a half star for the lack of fresh wasabi.I may stop back but I've reached my 5000 char limit!
4	Jumping on the 1st Yelp review bandwagon for this place.  Went here for lunch last weekend, and had a great meal.  The place still looks the same as I remember it to be almost 4 years ago when it was the only Muramoto's in town, but it seems a little brighter.  Service was prompt, friendly, and helpful.  Sushi was kind of amazing.  Some of the best quality we've found in Madison.  This is definitely "fancy" sushi- if you want the plain Jane Japanese, go to Takara (which we also like very much).  But if you want some great quality sushi and don't mind paying for it, go here.  I'd rather here than driving out to Muramoto's in Hilldale any day.  Would have given 5 stars- my only criticism was that the sushi took what I felt was a long time to come out (there were only 2 other couples in there when we ordered).  We're looking forward to trying this place for dinner!
4	Dined here on a Tuesday for lunch, wasn't too crowded, service was a little slow as you can tell they have a lot of lunch orders to fill - hence the 4 stars. However, this place is probably thee best place for sushi in Madison.  Highly recommended, you wont be Great date spot - definitely recommended for lunch , I am sure wait times will vary depending on the day.  Enjoyed the salmon with mango ... excellent roll! All the food was perfectly done.
5	Once again, RED was outstandingAsk the chef what is fresh, and you will not be disappointed.The Escarole and tuna was extremely fresh tonight.I always order the White snow - crab, avocado, and shrimp, topped with seared scallopAndThe lollipop - salmon, tuna, asparagus, and avocado wrapped in cucumber. Very light, healthy, and delicious.Tonight they featured a key lime pie, which seems a bit odd for an Asian place, but it really was top notch. One of the chefs made it this morning.Again, nice wine selection, clean, good service, and most importantly outstanding sushi and sashimi
5	I love this place- i've gone for dinner and lunch- I think it is reasonably priced (as compared to other Madison sushi places).  The rolls are tasty, fresh and unique.  This location has gone through many restaurants in the past  few years - i really hope Red Sushi is here to stay- the Capital area needs a hip, delicious and affordable sushi place.
3	We hit Red Sushi on a Saturday night around 9:30pm and it was packed. The hostess had us go to the bar next door to have a drink while we waited. Not a problem, enjoyed a drink and she came to get us about 20 minutes later.We ordered a bunch of sushi and an appetizer. The crowd was starting to subside, but it took a half hour before we got our appetizer, and another 15 minutes until the sushi arrived.The sushi was okay, not nearly as good as Muramoto, but wasn't bad either. Prices were on par with everywhere else. Thought it would be a bit more reasonable, but that's okay.The hostess and the waitress were very sweet. The waitress was a cute brunette who kept touching my shoulders every time she came by. I was hoping we could take her home with us as she looked very delicious!!Anyway, I give them 5*'s for service, even if they couldn't make a few basic drinks we asked them for, but that waitress gave me nice tingles!!3*'s for the food, as it was good. 1* for the long wait for our sushi.We'd go back, but it's not as great as we'd hoped for.Kissy
3	Not bad but not worth a super Yelp rave.  Popped into this place on Saturday of the Fourth of July weekend around 8 PM.  It was busy but they did manage to get us a table.  Very extensive menu of rolls, some fairly creative.  The sake menu is basically a few pages off a color printer.  Reasonable priced.  It was a nice, middle of the road sushi dinner -- didn't blow me away but did not suck.
4	Above average quality rolls for good prices. As other people note, the sushi takes a little longer to come out than you would expect. But -- A female sushi chef -- AWESOME! 3 beers, two miso soups and 5 rolls for $52. We left stuffed! We will be back. We enjoyed the Grouper Roll in particular.
4	Stopped by Red for dinner last week and I can say, I can't wait for another trip.   I enjoyed a Bagel Roll, Surf n Turf, and a Grouper Roll.  As well as the Shumai as an app.Our order arrived very quickly.  The sushi was fresh and tasty.  The service was friendly and prompt.  The atmosphere was modern, but warm.  The bar is fairly long if you enjoy being up front, otherwise there is table and patio seating.My favorite part, was the bill.  Splitting three rolls, an app, a beer and a martini, the bill was only $50.  Very affordable considering the quality and location.If you like Muramoto in Hilldale, give this a shot.  It's just as good, at a much more affordable rate.
2	The food was good, once we finally got it. Some of the worst service by the waitstaff ever experienced.  Sushi was order by 2 and steaks by the other 2. Steaks were brought and eaten before any sushi made it to the table.Server never came by to ask if we needed anything, we had to flag him down, had to ask another server to check on our drink order.on and on.  Food was good but when served so slowly and so poorly it detracts from the entire experience.
4	Really impressed with the presentation and size of the rolls the first time we ate here.  Went for another round this week and order different rolls.  Everything was yummy!  This will be our regular sushi go to for awhile!
3	We just left and let me tell you, atmosphere was not good. Mainly caused by other patrons; in particular a group of women who were extremely loud and one who cackles.  We moved to the back of the restaurant to escape but the sound carried...  Food was above average, so we'll give it another try. Surf n turf roll was a little salty. I hope the ladies stick to joints were you might bring a colicky baby -- those with inherent background noise.
5	Came here last night for my birthday with a few friends.  It was a Wednesday so we got seating right away, and the parking situation ain't that bad either if you're on a bike thanks to the new racks out in front.Urban, modern decor, black/red themed seats and china, great warm ambiance. We ordered some bubbly to start off, which oddly came only in the smaller bottles but nothing to bitch about.  The menu is quite impressive, with a wide sake and cocktail selection.  Ordered a good, relatively inexpensive dry sake which was ample for two or three people.Impressive selection of rolls.  We ordered a good number of them -- I'd say my favorite were the Red and the Lobster Tempura.  The former is a spicy tuna roll topped with yet more tuna and red tobiko -- absolutely velvet on the tongue. The latter brought together the succulentness (succulentity? this word needs a noun form) of lobster with the crispiness of tempura really well, and it was a bigger roll that didn't just fall apart once it hits your mouth.  The rest of the rolls we had shone as well -- the more traditional rolls done very well.Excellent place, new favorite sushi restaurant in Madison. Can't wait to go again!
4	This place has good sushi and some pretty creative rolls as well. The service was good mid-week, yet I suspect like all the places on this strip that they can bog down pretty easily. The prices are reasonable and If I had any complaints it is the growing popularity of cream cheese in rolls (which I despise yet seems to be everywhere) and that they are often 'out' of one thing or another... Don't let that stop you from going to Red, it's a nice place.
5	The best sushi in town. I used to be a big Muramoto fan but until I went to Red sushi. Love it !!!! The sushi are so different and creative like no others ;-) gotta try it!!!!!!!!! seriously!!!
2	Apparently, people reviewing this place have never had halfway-decent sushi. The fish is clearly not fresh and is very, very overpriced. Half the rolls have cream cheese in them. Honestly, I've gotten sushi for 1/2 the price that's just as mediocre at Fresh Madison Market. If you want decent sushi, do yourself a favor and go down the street to Muramoto. Otherwise, go for some other cuisine. Red Sushi is a place to avoid--especially at the absurd prices they charge.Rolls are a way for restaurants to mask the freshness of their fish. I tried the Nigiri and my friend got the sashimi--not good. Not fresh. You can tell when something isn't up to speed, and this clearly lacked, well...everything.And look--I know that I shouldn't have high expectations, considering most sushi in the Midwest is bleh at best, but for the prices they charge, this is simply outrageous.Extra star for the service, which I found to be excellent. Too bad the food wasn't remotely up to that level.
5	The best sushi we have had in Madison- and we love Muramoto. Surf n turf roll was amazing!  Will definitely be back.
4	Place was hopping in a Wednesday night.got a seat at the bar.  Sushi wad great.  Wife and I both loved the super volcano roll.
4	For my friend birthday last night we had a group at Red Sushi and wow, it was delicious!  Maybe the best in Madison.Without going into too much detail, Red Sushi is a small little quaint place and I am willing to bet on a weekend it is hard to get into. But we sat down around 7:00 and left around 9:20.   it does take a while everyone.After a bottle of wine with the wife our rolls came out.  Now the table had many rolls and I sampled a lot of them but as far as the rolls we ordered...The Surf & Turf roll was AMAZING!  I was so impressed with it I just want more.  It was delicious and just done to perfection. We also sampled the Bagel Roll and it was pretty much a deep fried Philly Roll and very good.  My wife and I both also enjoyed the Atlantic roll very much.Now, why do we not see 5 stars?  Well the wait is part of that but that's what I expect at a place like this.  The only issue is I did not expect it to take 2 hours as we only had a sitter till 9:00.  Also somebody in our party did not get a roll she ordered till after everyone was done eating and that was disappointing.But all in all a great place with some great food.  Warning: the soy sauce is VERY SALTY.
5	Their menu had so many amazing options I was slightly overwhelmed. Wanted to try one of everything!! The place is small and packed on the weekends - so make a reservation, but you can only do so if you have 4 or more in your party.
2	My husband and I recently moved to Madison from LA, so I'm trying to understand the total lack of good service in town.  This is the first sushi bar I've ever been to (and  I have been to MANY), where when seated at the actual bar, I couldn't order directly from the sushi chef.  I get the impression from most of the recent reviews that the majority of customers here have never been to real sushi, and didn't think this was an abnormality.We waited a good half hour to get a seat at the sushi bar, but that wasn't a big deal, as we gave the hostess our cell number and went for a walk.  When we were called back, she tried to seat us at a table, when there were 5 seats open at the bar.  She recovered, and when we finally sat down at the sushi bar and tried to make conversation with the chef/owner and order.  He didn't indicate at all that we needed to order from anyone else, but after 10 minutes of awkward chatting/waiting, our waitress came and said that we had to order from her.  We had the hostess and our waitress talk up a scallop special and their rolls, so ordered a the scallop (a cold and hot combo), a crunchy tuna roll and a lolipop roll (both recommended).  The scallop sashimi was good, but the cooked part of the appetizer was greasy and overcooked, and I'm not sure where the actual scallop was.  Both of the rolls were visually pretty but very underwhelming.  We were given our first order rapid-fire without our sake.  After 20 minutes, our waitress came back and asked us if she'd forgotten our sake, and another 10 minutes after we'd refused the sake, she came back and apologized and offered us a small sake on the house (we'd ordered a bottle, not a small).We're pretty picky about our rolls, so we figured we'd just spend the rest of the evening eating nigiri and sashimi.  The actual nigiri and sashimi were good here, and as another yelper said, the uni in particular was good. What the owner served us as hamachi however was definitely snapper, and the toro was medium toro at best.
5	Excellent food!  The biggest problem is deciding what to eat, given their extensive menu.  Lots of excellent rolls for under $6.  And, if you want to get deluxe rolls, there is no shortage of unique combinations that are well worth the extra expense.   The place is on the small side, so make a reservation on the weekend.
3	Went here with a group from work at lunch. Food was pretty good, but server not so nice. He messed up one little thing and one big thing. He did knock off some other items from the group's bill to make up for it (luckily we didn't absolutely need separate checks!), and just seemed to have a general "I just can't care anymore" kind of disposition. We didn't do anything to deserve it, but luckily, everyone approved of the quality of the food. Atmosphere is pretty nice, too.
2	Service: Waited about 10 minutes to be acknowledged by our server, he actually seemed bothered that he had to wait on my friend and I.  Throughout our evening he did warm up a bit and checked on us two times.  The hostess was rather rude, and ignored us altogether when refilling the other customers' water.Drinks:  The martinis were wonderful, I highly suggest the Lyche martini.Sushi: Was wonderful as usual, very fresh and believe it or not we got it right after ordering.  (In the past we have waited 30 plus minutes for sushi and the place wasn't even busy).I just with our server had been a little more attentive and that the hostess/water girl would have paid attention to my water.
4	I am going to preface this review by saying that I am a vegetarian, so I can't speak to the quality of the fish.However, I can say that the vegetarian rolls were very good and pleasantly inventive.  I particularly enjoyed the uniqueness of the tempura green bean roll.  For vegans, there is also a vegan roll which has a lot of engaging textures.  The rolls were attractively served.For the vegetarian rolls, the price was reasonable.  I found the interior to be very engaging and high energy.  It was the perfect stop on a night out before hitting a comedy at the Bartell Theater.  Please note that the seating is very much like the Icon.  You are seated VERY close to your neighbor.  If you are looking for a quiet, personal evening, then this is not the place for you.  Seating for a group would be a challenge, but they do accept reservations for parties greater than four.Our waitress was absolutely fantastic.  I cannot say enough good things about the enthusiasm that she brought to our evening.  And, here roll suggestions were helpful and much appreciated.  However, the service in general can start to cross the line into overbearing.  The hostess and two other waitresses were on hand to immediately fill glasses and take care of the checks.  As another reviewer noted, and this is by no means a reason not to try Red, the soy sauce is very salty.  Red does not accept Discover cards.
5	Perfect girls night out.  Sat outside on sidewalk seating.  Awesome server. DELICIOUS fresh, high quality sushi. Great drinks.
2	Just okay sushi. The cold sake I selected tasted like it was laced with vodka (too strong, not enough sake flavor) and all of their cold sakes are served in small portion bottles--tres cheesy. Their web site makes it look classier than it is, which is a little hole in the wall off of King ST in downtown Madison. If you want real sushi in Madison, try Takara.
4	My first thought was service should be good because the wait staff out numbered the customers. When I was there, I saw one hostess, 4 waitresses, 1 bartender, 5 cooks. I soon figured out why. In a matter of an hour the place was packed! The food was good (not great) and service was outstanding. Fair price. Restaurant Morimoto still the best!
4	Went with my 2 roommates, though I really wish I took a girl there instead. The atmosphere is very cozy and intimate. You're seated in tiny booths close together, with low lighting and refined upholstery. It'd definitely make for a great date spot. Now on to the service. Our waitress was very friendly and outgoing, and seemed knowledgeable about the menu. We took up her suggestion on getting the miso soup with some sriracha, and were delightfully pleased. The spiciness of the hot sauce really added a kick to the soup, and made it even more flavorful.The sushi they offer is pretty standard in terms of pricing and variety. However, having tried a few of their sushi, I would recommend their "specialty" rolls over the usual ones. The price increase is definitely justified with better taste, and you won't leave feeling disappointed.
4	One of my favorite sushi places in Madison. The spicy tuna and seaweed salads are my go-to appetizers. The fish is fresh and there is a great selection of unique maki rolls. Knocked it down one star because it is really quite pricey for the size of their portions...but I guess you are in part paying for the ambiance and the nice mod decor.
4	Had a great dinner here on Saturday night. Had tuna, red snapper, and salmon sushi with three of their specialty rolls. Everything was very fresh and delicious. Even the 12 yo in the group loved it. The service was excellent. We were seated immediately (it was about 3/4 full) and our waitress went out of her way to make it a wonderful meal. We will definitely be back.
4	We have only been to red for lunch and the two rolls for under $10 lunch special.  We usually sit at the sushi bar and enjoy watching the chefs work.  The rolls are universally good and the service is also good.  If you like sushi and are in downtown Madison, you need to stop at Red.  I recommend giving the shrimp tempura roll a try when you stop in.
4	I love Red! I live in the neighborhood and eat here quite frequently. the staff always makes good suggestions and I've always liked everything I've gotten! The reason for the 4 instead of 5 stars is the following. I went there this past Thursday for my birthday with my sister and two friends. We got some apps, drinks and sushi. My sister insisted on telling the waitress it was my birthday and after the plates were clear she said to me specifically 'what would you like for dessert...' and then gave me the options. My friend then asked if he could order dessert as well. I was surprised when the bill came and I was charged for my dessert. Now it's not the money just the way she offered it to me that I found strange.Regardless, I will continue to dine at Red and look forward to several other meals
5	Love Red Sushi! I've eaten here too many times to count and this place has coverted many non sushi eaters into believers. They always get alot of options that i cannot seem to find in other sushi restaurants around Madison. The sushi rice has an amazing texture and taste that i cannot get enough of.
5	RED is certainly my favorite sushi in Madison. I think it is very comparable to Muramoto, but it seems to be more creative. I have honestly liked every roll i have ever tried there, with 2 of my favorites being the Omega 6 roll and the Peking roll. My only complaint is that I think their shumai and gyoza could use a little bit of work, but they are still both tasty
5	Due to some pretty amazing yelp reviews I went to Red Sushi with the girlfriend.  WOW!  I was super impressed with the food.  First, the sheer number of rolls is amazing.  Both special and traditional rolls.  Secondly, their Rolls are so innovative and decorative. After going to Red Sushi you will look at other sushi rolls as just plain.  I had plenty of Rolls that night as well as sushi and sashimi; but the ones that stood out were the Super Volcano Roll, Fire Cracker Roll, and Spicy Yellowtail Roll.   The ambiance is very hip, the decor is great, and it's right downtown.  Thank you YELP for helping me discover this GEM!
4	Yummy! I went here with a friend after some Christmas shopping on State Street. We ordered four rolls to try out: Negihama, Dragonroll, Peking, and Salmon Lover. All of them were good, but my favorites were the Negihama and Dragonroll. Negihama is yellowtail and green onion and was the plainest of the rolls we had; however, it the fish was very flavorful and simplicity of the roll really brought out that taste. The dragonroll was also good. The tempura shrimp they used in it was fresh and crunchy. The salmon was also pretty fresh and had a very creamy texture -- just right! As for the peking roll, it is something I've never had anywhere else! It features duck as the main meat and is accompanied by lettuce, avocado, mango, and eel sauce. I also looked at other items in the menu and they have a bunch of other more creative rolls. I'd definitely be interested in trying those out as well.In terms of service, I thought they did an excellent job. Right when we got in the hostess was very polite and asked us whether we had any shows to go to after she seated us. Our waitress was also really nice and came back to check up on us regularly.So in summary, good food, good service.
4	came out to visit Madison and was recommended Red sushi by multiple people. Definitely extremely creative sushi, and the flavors were right on point. My only complaint would be their appetizers which were lackluster in taste.
5	Very good, especially the tempura rolls. And excellent lunch specials!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE. It's my favorite sushi  in Madison hands down. The bagel roll is to die for. Also, the roll with mango and salmon in it (cant remember the name, perhaps tropical)  is my other favorite. Great service, nice environment. My only complaint? I wish they would deliver or at the very least be connected with Straight to Your Door (S2YD).
3	Madison was an absolute zoo in terms of wait times for dining this past Saturday... we tried to get into three places prior to Red - all had at least an hour-and-a-half wait...  So, when the hostess offered a 30-45 minute wait, we put in our name, then walked over to The Rigby to help pass the time.The hostess mentioned she would call us when a seat was available; after 35 minutes and no call, we walked back to Red.  The place was still quite busy - the hostess informed us it would be 10-15 minutes before she could seat us.Soon enough, two prime seats at the bar opened, and we were seated.  A hurried bartender provided glasses of water and said she'd be back to take our drink order.After 10 minutes or so, the bartender stopped by to say that she would take our drink orders "in just a minute."  We stopped her and asked if we could put in our entire order - we knew what we wanted.She looked frazzled, and said she'd be right back.  Within a few minutes, she returned and hurriedly took our order of two mixed drinks, edamame, and 3 rolls. We sat for about 15 minutes; no drinks, no appetizer.  Our water glasses ran dry.  The bartender poured glasses of wine, made cocktails, and ran around the entire time.After 20 minutes or so, our rolls arrived.  We flagged down the bartender and inquired about our drinks and the edamae.  She said, "Those will be out in just a minute; I've been super busy."I explained to her that we were hoping to have the appetizer and drinks BEFORE our meal arrived; she said something to the effect of, "I realize that, but as you can see, I'm incredibly busy."  I asked her to scrap the app and the drinks; we'd have our rolls and call it a night.The sushi itself was amazing - quite easily the best I've had while in Madison.  Far better than Muramoto and leaps-and-bounds better than Takara.  I will definitely return for sushi in the future.As we prepared to leave, the bartender apologized for the poor timing, but it was too little, too late.  We paid our tab and left. Had it not been for the frazzled service, this would have easily been a 4.5 star experience.
4	Everyone must have gotten the "this-place-gets-packed" memo because there was a 20+ minute wait at 5:45pm on a Friday.  Wowzers!  The downside is that the place is tiny - there's not really much room to wait in the restaurant or a bar to sit at.  The hostess asked for our phone number and politely advised that she would "call when a table is ready" which made me feel like we needed to leave and entertain ourselves for a spell.  The problem is the 20-25 minute wait isn't quite long enough to go somewhere else, get a beer, drink it, wondering when you're going to get a call and feel like you have to chug it down to get back there asap (since it's not like you're in the same place and can simply carry it back to your table).  Reservations are only accepted for groups of four or more and our waitress advised calling at least a day in advance. Onward and upward.  The menu included several vegetarian rolls, which I appreciated. The prices were average for sushi in the area, if not a wee bit higher. This is the first restaurant I've found around with shitake rolls on the menu (my favorite) so I was thrilled!  Unfortunately (like many of their veg rolls here) it was to be served in tempura batter.  Noo!  Don't drown the shitake!!  Fortunately, I asked the waitress for a simple, basic, plain ol' shitake roll (minus the tempura) and the chef obliged.  The first order got messed up (dipped in tempura batter anyways) but our waitress noticed and brought a plain shitake roll next.  This was great because we got to compare - and the plain one was great, you really got to taste the shitake, in the tempura roll it was also rolled with avocado which, along with the batter, essentially overpowered the mushroom.  Plain is the way to go and I appreciated the accommodating service! BOTTOM LINE: Charming service and good shitake rolls means I'll go back - I'll just try to get there even earlier!
1	Abysmal.  Horrible service and mediocre at best sushi.  to be fair the toro and escolar sushi were both pretty good...actually some of the best I've had in Madison (which doesn't say much).  being fortunate enough to have really great omakase sushi experiences before, this sushi is for people who don't know sushi.Now let me get to the crux of the matter, the horrid service.  While all of the female staff were incredibly friendly and welcoming, the dude taking our order behind the sushi bar was horrible.  Strangely we didn't order from the sushi chef, which is what one comes to expect when they belly up to a sushi bar.  Instead we were served by some guy who clearly didn't want to be there.  When he asked how our half eaten uni sushi order was, we told him it was chemical tasting (which is was, there is no confusing that taste).  He struck up a defensive tone and told us that no one else had ever complained about their uni before......ummmmmmmmm, what? Guess what buddy, someone just did and that ain't the way to handle it.  And then that was all he said, no I'm sorry to hear that, no did you want to try something else, it was all attitude.  Maybe that flies with the college age crowd downing sake bombs and slathering their sushi with cream cheese all to the backdrop of thumping club music but legit service or sushi restaurant this does not make.I'm done with this place, I'll stick with Takumi out on the eastside for my next perfectly acceptable but mediocore midwestern sushi fix. Even Whole Foods or Willy St Coop has better sushi than Red.Disclaimer: I have eaten great sushi all over Japan, NYC, SF, Miami, Chicago, etc. I have also had bad, spit it out in your napkin or spend all night in the bathroom sushi.  This ranks somewhere in between.
5	Years ago, my husband and I started a tradition: Sushi Friday.  Seriously, we went to a sushi restaurant every Friday.  We're sushi fiends.Red has opened since we moved to Madison, and it has been a wonderful find for us.  They have a huge selection of rolls, but they also have a sizeable non-sushi menu.  I haven't tried any of the entrees, but I've been out with friends who have enjoyed them.Every visit, my husband and I order the Godzilla roll and the Volcano roll, plus one or two others that vary.  My husband loves the rolls that have steak on them; I enjoy the Rain Roll and the veggie rolls.  Everything is always delicious and the presentation beautiful.My husband appreciates their sake selection, and that you can order sake in several different sizes. In the time since we've been going to Red, we've notice that it's become more popular and crowded.  I do with they took reservations for groups less than 4.  Expect a wait when you arrive.  Turnaround time on the food is typically good, but sometimes the food takes a bit longer to reach the table due to the high volume; I suggest getting miso soup or edamame.  The servers are also friendly and knowledgeable.  I think the key to enjoying Red is to know they'll be busy -- that's because they're good -- and plan accordingly.  Definitely our favorite sushi place in Madison.
3	Here fishy fishy....Seeing it is Ash Wednesday and being the devout Creaster that I am,I thought it important to indulge in some fish. I thought it would greatly compliment the meatloaf I still had in my tummy from lunch quite nicely.Anyway.I like Red Sushi. I like it in the way that hey, you know what you are getting. Red Sushi is consistent, but it is nothing awe-inspiring. It is almost like that Digornio pizza you throw in the oven when you get home from work. Meh. It is okay. It is edible. Does it taste good? Yea. It taste the same every time. But, you know what you're getting and in a way you are almost settling. That is how Red Sushi is for me. I try different rolls but they still somehow manage to all taste the same. I can't really blame anyway, as Madison is a long way from a coast. Server was great. Attentive, never let my water glass get empty. My only major qualm is how heavy that door is, yet how cold is manages to get in there. I was sitting halfway down the restaurant and I still felt a major draft every time the door opened. Red Sushi isn't exorbitantly priced either, which is a plus in my book. Will I be back? Yes. Eventually. However, I'd like to see some more creativity and more flavorful rolls.
1	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE SERVICE NOT THE SUSHI...sushi was actually pretty good!Being busy is never an excuse for poor service. And poor service we did receive. Funny enough, we sat at the bar, where you usually get great service, given that you're right in front of the bartender and sushi counter. It was a Saturday night, and yes, it was busy. We waited about 40 minutes for a table, which was fine, as we went down the street to grab a beer while waiting. A couple minutes after we sat down at the bar/counter, we were ready to order drinks. It took the waitress/bartender about 15 minutes to take our order...she kept saying she would be with us in a minute after we flagged her down. Ordered drinks along with some rolls. After 15 minutes or so, we still did not have our drinks. We asked and the waitress said they would be right up. To our surprise, our rolls came out and still no drinks! Halfway into eating, we asked about drinks again and said to just forget them since we'd be finished eating by the time they came out, at the rate they were going. The bartender/waitress kept telling us she was "SO BUSY" every time we asked for something. Really? Not even a genuine apology. And who tells their customers they're super busy and expects that to make everything ok? Really? I hope the manager/owner reads this review and reconsiders who they hire, how they train, and how they run their business.
5	I had a great experience this week at Red Sushi.On accommodations...Each time that I have dined at Red, the cozy and clean space has been filled with patrons.  Although my experiences have been limited to week nights (I serve at a local restaurant on weekends) I am always pleased and surprised by how accommodating they are.  I have never had to wait long for a table or felt that my server had too many tables to provide an enjoyable experience.On food...In my opinion, Red Sushi is the best sushi in Madison.  On Wednesday I enjoyed the Surf'n'Turf roll with crab and (I apologize for not remembering the menu item name) but a signature roll with pickled jalopenos and finished with strawberries.  Both rolls served and exceeded my expectations - killer combinations!On service...Attentive. Kind. Helpful. Happy. Thanks for a great evening.
3	After my really disappointing experience with Red last year, I decided to give them another shot. On par with Takumi, but only so-so in the grand scheme of things.Verdict: Way better than last time.We started off with the hamachi. The waitress tried to sell us on the hamachi special, which had some sort of BS peach-mango salsa on top. I didn't bite. Hamachi is a dish that's supposed to harness the power of the fish (tuna) with a subtle bit of heat from the jalapeno, so I wasn't sure what they were doing putting salsa on it. Anyways, it was good! The tuna was sliced nicely and decently fresh. The only thing I can compare it to is Nobu...so it fell way short in that aspect, but it was totally nommable.We got a few rolls, too--spicy tuna, firecracker (some fish-laden monstrosity) and a king crab roll. The firecracker, which was deep-fried, was good. I think because some of the fish in it was cooked, I was a little off-put. My brother loved it, though, so props.Spicy tuna was basic and run of the mill, and the king crab was pretty good. I like that they offer a choice of asparagus or avocado, mainly because I love asparagus and will always get it, even if it's not the norm.Major gripe: The tomago. This is always the true measure of a good sushi chef. Red did NOT make theirs fresh. I saw the sushi "chef" unwrap it from plastic, make a slit in it, and stuff some rice in. That's a major no-no in my book. It should be made fresh with lots of layers and placed over rice...not served cold. Tsk tsk.Regardless, Red Sushi was good. We spent about $25/pp with tip, which I thought (again) was pricey for what we got. This would've cost me about $40//pp at Sushi Taro in DC, but I wouldn't be complaining about the price.Anyways, I'd probably go back for lunch. $$-wise, though? Eh.
5	Dylan K: STFU.  Who do you think you are?  This place is on par or above!  Red Sushi is the best Sushi in Madison!!  You don't know what you're talking about.  Jack is the best sushi chef in Madison.  Ashe D: You're Awesome! 5 stars for sure!The fish is always super fresh and never has a fishy or ammonia taste.  The sushi chef breaks down whole sides of fish himself, is very knowledgeable, and is willing to share his knowledge with samples.  Red has some of the best drinks.  The Red Lemonade is great!  While we have had just about every roll on the menu, and never had one we don't like, our favorites are the Super Volcano Roll, The Mermaid Roll, White Snow, and the Crab Lover Roll.  Their entrees are also very good.  Red has a great, relaxed atmosphere and great servers.  Definitely worth visiting!!
5	Dear Madison,Yes, you are eating sushi in Wisconsin. Lower your expectations, or catch your own tuna. For sushi of the midwest, this place is awesome.The atmosphere is cool - thank you darkness! Great spot for a date. Sitting at the bar is lovely, sitting at the tables are lovely (although if you get weirded out by the traditional Madison table layout where all of the tables are *veryclosetogether* you might not love that)...and there is outdoor seating!You will probably have to wait if you walk in on a Friday or Saturday, but you can leave your number.
4	I went out to dinner with two friends at Red Sushi last night and was delighted to discover my new favorite sushi restaurant in Madison!Some other reviewers mentioned the small size of Red Sushi, which became quite apparent during my visit. When we arrived around 6:30, the restaurant was full, but we were able to get a table on the outdoor patio. Although it was nice to get a table right away, the tables outside were also very close together and the chairs were made of uncomfortable plastic. I definitely would have preferred to be inside, but the food made up for the environment! We ordered the Firecracker, Orange Cracker and Super Volcano rolls. They were all very yummy and I would definitely order any of them again. The Firecracker roll was my favorite. The fried roll topped with soft spicy tuna had an amazing texture contrast that I was absolutely in love with!  My least favorite was the Super Volcano, I have loved this roll at other restaurants, but the cream cheese was so overpowering to the point that it was all I could taste in some bites. Despite the few slip ups, the sushi at Red Sushi was delicious and I will definitely stop by again.
4	Had heard about this restaurant while at another sushi place and was pleasantly surprised at the quality of the seafood.  The place does resemble a dive bar, but is clean and service is quick.  The wait staff was disorganized, but in their defense it was right as they opened.  Try the $12 sushi lunch, worth every penny.  My new favorite place for sushi in Madison.
4	We had a successful apartment-hunting day so we set out for a late lunch celebration. We strolled by Red Sushi and figured, why not? Overall, we enjoyed our time. Service was great and I liked the feel of the place. The weird thing was that all of the staff/chefs hung around one area, chatting, but I think they were just getting ready for the dinner rush.The edamame wasn't cooked enough, I think -- it was very hard to open the pods!I got the sundried tomato & asparagus roll and the mushroom tempura roll. I loved the IDEA of the sundried tomato roll, but it was incredibly dry. It could use a sauce or maybe cream cheese ? The mushroom roll was good, though. Derek enjoyed both of his rolls: peking & the salmon skin. He said the mango on the peking paired quite well with the other flavors.Then we decided to get lemon cheesecake. Erm, not good. I could barely taste the lemon! The cheesecake itself had a good texture and taste overall, but then was ruined when my mouth got to the crust. It was very dry and tasteless. Meh. Maybe a bad day.I'd love to go back and try again, but I do hope they change up that sundried tomato roll.
4	Best sushi in Madison. Hands down. The rolls are light, fresh (as fresh as midwest sushi can be) and flavorful. If you want sushi that doesn't need gobs of mayo based sauce or fried ingredients, this is your spot. Get's 4 stars instead of 5 because, let's face it, we're in Madison.
5	Cozy ambience, friendly servers, great crowd, reasonable prices. Did I mention wonderfully fresh and delicious rolls? If you are looking for great sushi downtown, you just cannot go wrong with this place.
4	Following the advice of Jimmy, my fave bartender from Opus, I decided to check out this hip sushi joint.  I was not disappointed.  Jimmy moonlights (sunlights?) as a waiter here and took great care of my sister and me.  I had the unagi and spicy tuna + avocado. Delish!!  It was great sitting at the sushi bar. Only complaint (minor) was the loudness of the music.  But overall, three thumbs up.  Go ahead. Figure that one out.
5	Overall great meal and experience. Atmosphere is hip and upbeat. -Hot tea is mild but delicious!-Appetizer: oysters, delicious! Could have kept eating them all night, but pricy.-Main course: tempura shrimp roll, plain, simple, and clean. Perfection!     Super Volcano: hard to eat with chop sticks, heat was inconsistent, so some bites were spicy and some weren't.- Prices were affordable, other than oystersI would defiantly go back, no questions asked!
4	I am impressed! This place is up there with Muramoto! Fresh sashimi, good sushi. Job well done! Sure volcano is amazing. I love the crispy things will mayo sauce and the many shrimp on top. Was disappointed is was crab sticks and not real crab meat though. Triple decker was alright, like any multi-sashimi roll. Peking roll was too cooked for my taste. The duck turned out to be rather dry :( They had chi-toro!!! Not my usual fatty tuna, but it was good. I also liked their escolar sashimi. Quail eggs were not as tasty as muramoto's :/Finally my drink - red lemonade. Tasted more like cough medication to me :( boo. Verdict - I'll be back for more sushi and sashimi, and maybe the chirashi too!
5	hands down best sushi in town. have never been disappointed.  the rolls are creative and unique and there are a ton of options not only for raw fish lovers but for cooked lovers.try the omega 3 and 6 rolls and the peking roll.shumai are awesome
5	Awesome sushi and extremely friendly staff!  I recommend sitting at the sushi bar! Being someone from out of town I felt very welcomed.
3	Returned to Red to celebrate a friend's birthday, and have a few notes/updates. The rating hasn't changed, although the experience was better.Dateline: Thursday night, 7:00pm-ish. Place is packed to the gills. A hostess greets us and says it will take about 30-45 minutes for a table for three. No problem; we left our cell phone number, and then wandered to a neighboring bar for a cocktail.8:00pm; no call. We walk back to Red and are told our table is coming up next. While we waited, another waitress grabbed us a drink and apologized for the delay. Very unnecessary, but very nice.We were seated by 8:10; our server was fantastic. Very friendly, very composed, and very prompt. She did great with water refills and checking on us throughout the meal. Much better than previous visits.The sushi? Not bad. Not great. I accept that Madison isn't a suhsi hotspot; given our geographic disadvantage, this is still around 3-star sushi.Price? Expensive. 3 of us paid over $100 for sushi and 2 rounds of drinks...
5	As a vegan, former sushi addict, I've been reluctant to go out for sushi since switching over. I somehow thought that I was losing out on great food and would be consigned to eating sub-par no fish rolls. Wow was I wrong. Red Sushi has a great vegan and veg friendly menu. My girlfriend and I went here for date night and really enjoyed it. I had the vegan roll--as good as veggie sushi gets--and a sun-dried tomato roll. The sun dried tomato roll was good, but a little overwhelming for a full course. I'd recommend splitting it among friends so you don't get overwhelmed by the sun-dried flavor. For drinks, I had the Emperor's Delight (or something like that) which was a very delicious whiskey cocktail. They also have a good (but not amazing) bottled beer selection. My girlfriend had the Shellfish Trio, which she informed me was also pretty stellar. The place gets crowded and it is small so it gets a tad loud. But I thoroughly enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching the cooks work. All in all, highly recommended.
5	Best sushi in town!  Tastes very fresh and presentation is top notch.  Always crave this place.
5	Loved it. Hands down best sushi I've ever had.  We started with the gyoza which was very good. Then we ordered two specialty rolls and one of the nightly special rolls. I cant even remember what they were called!  They were delicious and huge. Normally my husband thinks sushi isn't that filling but not this time. We had a lot of leftovers.  It did get crowded pretty quick but we went around 5pm on a weekday so we got a table right away. We'll definitely be going back.
4	A friend and I came here on a Tuesday and were seated right away. The ambiance is really cool however I wasn't a fan of how close together the tables were. You could hear every single word coming out of the mouths of those around you.Save the far too intimate seating, the service was great. We got our order in quick and the drinks and sushi came out very fast. And thank god it did because these people know sushi. Edamame - same old same old, but good.Super volcano roll - dynamite. It combined all of my favorite things into one roll. Only bad part was it was so hard to eat - I had to eat the roll and toppings separate, but I did not mind.Tropical roll with spicy tuna - if you're a fan of the traditional spicy tuna roll, this is for you. They combine our favorite spicy tuna with delicious and fresh mango. Awesome sauce. I can't remember what my friend ordered, probably because I was so focused on my delicious rolls. But she said hers were just as fantastic. I don't know if I'd venture here on a busier night, but I will definitely be back!
5	This has to be the best sushi place I have been to yet.For starters the decor and atmosphere are excellent. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive to us the whole time as well. I went here with a small group of friends.  I ordered a Shrimp Tempura roll and a Chicken Tempura roll.  They were both excellent.  My boyfriend ordered an entree of eel with rice and caviar.  That was also fantastic. None of us had anything to complain of.  The food, service, and setting were all perfect.   If I have one complaint its that our drinks all cost $3.  I ordered a soft drink and my boyfriend ordered tea.  I think three dollars is a bit expensive for soda, so next time I go there I might just drink water.Over all I highlly reccomend it.
1	I have to write in regards to their service recovery and poor customer service. They take reservations for parties of 4 or more but any less than that, you have to wait. When I called to ask about this policy, especially due to the below zero temperatures today, they could not do anything for me but rather said I would have to come in and see what happened. This is the sort of business that I won't go to ever again because of the poor customer service - we had their sushi once before and it was very good but I can't stand to frequent a place with a terrible manager.
5	Five stars for the delicious sushi and amazing waiter. I wish I had caught his name because he deserves rexognition for his oitstanding service. Everything we ate was to die for. I especially loved their option for black rice! I just wish the restaurant were larger! Definitely going back to try more rolls.
4	I would actually like to try their sashimi or nigiri before writing a legit review... but I enjoyed their rolls. Extra points for presentation and environment. Everything just feels very neat and clean. One time I tried to go, but the wait was too long, so we ended up going somewhere else. I suggest you make a reservation! I'll make sure to try their sashimi and update the review for those of you who care about that sort of thing. :)
3	Four stars for food.Two stars for service.I was really really excited to come to Red Sushi. Sushi in Madison is generally mediocre, but I had heard that the fish at Red Sushi was good quality. And it was! Their  rolls, conceptually, aren't anything special. But I think what makes Red Sushi so popular is the quality of their fish. The hamachi was DELICIOUS. I had to get two orders, it was so good. And I love  that they top their sushi (non-rolls) with scallion. It just amplifies the flavor of the fish. One critique on the food is that I wish they offered some rolls with crunchy flakes inside of them. All of their "crunchy" rolls had tempura fried items (e.g. shrimp or salmon), but it'd be nice to have some non-crunchy rolls supplemented with just flakes to make them crunchy. I find tempura fried items to be too starchy in rolls, but by adding just the panko flakes, it gives you a good amount of crunch without tasting too deep fried.What I really had a problem with was the service. I'm sure their waitresses are fine and the hostesses were really nice. But we made the mistake of sitting at the bar, and so the bartender served as our waiter (I think his name was Sean). He was just rude and seemed to not care for us as customers for no apparent reason. Strange thing was that he seemed incredibly friendly to everyone except me and my boyfriend. I'm not sure what that was about. After we sat down, I ordered a non-alcoholic drink and he sort of scoffed at me. Seriously? I'm still tipping you, dude. And he forgot the cherries in my shirley temple (I had to get a shirley temple to honor her recent death). Boo, Sean... boo. He also just acted really irritated every time we asked him a question about the food. He scoffed at me again when I asked if their mochi was made in house. Is it that ridiculous of a question? Overall just a bad service experience.I'll definitely come here again, but try to sit at a table next time. Or if I sit at the bar, make sure it's on a night when rude dude is not working. But the fish is too good to pass up. I'll be day dreaming about that hamachi for weeks to come.
5	Everything was outstanding including the sea urchin, quail egg, champagne and hot sauce shooter.  The staff was very engaging and up beat. The sushi was great as we ordered 4 regular rolls and one signature roll.  Definitely fresh as can be ingredients as if they caught the sea creatures that day.
2	Very good sushi. I'm a vegetarian & their vegetable sushi rolls are delicious. Price is about the same compared to other sushi restaurants in Madison. This place is quite small though & you sit very close to your neighbors. Even though the sushi is good I probably wouldn't go back because of the environment. Too cramped & too loud to hear what your dining partner is even saying. Even though the sushi was good, I'm only giving two stars because that's how much I disliked the environment.
4	The Super Volcano roll was a very pleasant experience and the traditional rolls are probably the best value in Madison. It does tend to get a bit crowded for dinner and the meal is nothing life-changing but still a very solid sushi experience.
5	Great sushi! Hands down one of the nicer places I've eaten sushi in! Their selection was outstanding and everything was fresh and delicious! Great bartender and quick with our food. Very welcoming too!
5	We have tried various sushi places in the Madison area and Red Sushi is by far the best. It has a great dining environment and getting to sit at the sushi counter and watch them make it can be a lot of fun too. We like Red Sushi because of their specialty rolls. They have a lot to pick from and fun sushi combinations. We recommend this place to sushi lovers!Make sure to call and make a reservation if planning a weekend dinner here. It is a small restaurant with limited seating. We wanted to eat at around 6 on a Saturday, we called the afternoon before and could but get in until after 8 on Saturday night.
4	Excellent very fresh sushi! Great crowd and worth the little wait. I am visiting from Los Angeles and this restaurant is as good as many in LA, NYC & SFO
4	Okay, so it took me a long time to finally write a review about Red Sushi. Why? Maybe because I wanted to keep all the fresh sushi to myself. I've been here quite a few times and have had mainly their sushi. For lunch, you can get 2 rolls for only $10; add miso soup for only $1 more and you have a meal ;). The cool thing about their rolls is that they offer the good stuff and at good quality/freshness. For example, there's the Spicy Scallop or Crab (yes - real crab not crab imitation on their lunch menu), Duck Tempura Roll, Red Snapper, Yellowtail, Spicy Escolar...etc. My point is that they continue with quality even during lunch specials; majority of sushi joints here mainly offer crab imitation, shrimp, salmon and vegetables only during their lunch specials. Other than sushi, I've had their Grilled Black Cod, Calamari and P.E.I. Mussels (creamy bacon garlic white wine sauce) that were all pretty yummy. I've only had the cod once since $13 for an 'appetizer' portion hurt my wallet more than it filled my stomach, but the flavor is pretty worth it.All in all, it's a great place for lunch and dinner. Note: make reservations for dinner during the weekend or you'll find yourself on a 1hr+ waitlist.Check out more food photos here: http://www.getnmahbelly.com/2013/12/red-sushi/
3	This place is fantastic--when you can get a table. The good: the fish is always fresh, and the ingredients in their rolls are always tasty. I would highly recommend the calamari tempura as an appetizer--it literally melts in your mouth. I've never had bad service from waitstaff, and the drinks are tasty.The bad: there is about a 50/50 chance that I'm actually able to get a table in under an hour. There is sometimes space at the sushi bar, but that's really not my cup of tea. Usually, there are tables reserved for 10-20 people in a restaurant that maybe holds 40. Because they block off huge proportions of the tiny restaurant, there's never a table available. I would love to make reservations, but they only take them for groups of four or more. I'm sorry that I'm not a coastie gurl here to take #selfies with 9 other gurls in my sorority.Change your reservation policy, and this review would easily be five stars.
4	I would say their sashimi is some of the best I have had in the area. We tried the toro (fatty tuna) and the escolar (white tuna) and both were excellent. The toro was on special for ten bucks and we got six decent size pieces.the escolar was fresh tasting and exactly what we were looking for. We ordered three rolls with some mixed reviews. The super volcano and salmon lover were decent but I have had better for less than the $12-$15 each. We enjoyed the lobster tempura but once again that was $15 also. I would think their classic rainbow rolls would be awesome because their fish seemed to be high quality for Madison standards. Wish we would have gotten more sushimi.We enjoyed the atmosphere because it was still relaxing even though they were slammed. Kind of annoying to wait for over an hour but they will call you when seating is ready and there are plenty of places within half a block to grab an app or drinks or both ,) while you wait.
5	Best sushi in Madison. Creative, high-quality options and always welcoming. Jimmy is a great server, attentive and personable.
5	Undoubtedly the best sushi I have had in the Midwest. I went here as a party of five with reservation scheduled ahead. We were seated right away. Our server was prompt and attentive. Our drinks and apps came quickly, as did our rolls. I could not believe the flavor packed into these small (and sometimes large) bites. Absolutely astounding. I have never cared for sushi to this level, and this eatery made my month. From start to finish, service was flawless. Such a great atmosphere. I cannot wait to visit here weekly.
5	My wife and I visited Madison last week for 4 days to see friends.  We went out to Red Sushi one night and had a really nice time.  The food, the service, and the cozy atmosphere were really great.  The sushi and sashimi were the best that I have ever had, and I have had it a lot.  The appetizers and rolls were all great too.  We'll be back for sure on our next visit.
4	I came with some friends on a beautiful night and throughly enjoyed their outdoor seating area. The Sushi was spectacular. Being a sushi novice, I didn't order but happily ate all that we tried. The eel and the soft shell crab were among my favorites. It was so delicious that I now seek it out! Our server was attentive and accomodating of our desire to try several things. The inside of the restaurant was clean and beautiful. The bathrooms were also clean and lovely.The only reason that I couldn't give  5 stars was because of the way we were asked to leave. We were enjoying ourselves and apparently lingered longer than they allowed. We were unaware of this as our server kept refilling our waters and never picked up the final check. They rudely asked us to leave stating others were waiting for the table. While I understand the need to turn tables to make a profit, there was a kinder, more tactful way to approach the situation.
4	My husband and I have tried sushi in many places in WI - many in Milwaukee (blegh!), Appleton (Meh), and up till now, one other spot in Madison (bummer!) - but we had the fortuitous chance to have Red Sushi - alas only for lunch on our recent trip - but it was a beacon in the dark!Not only is it dark and cozy inside, I love all the red - and our waitress was very pleasant.We both had miso soup (salty and good with just enough 'stuff' - good flavor I thought), and the "chef picks 6 sushi, you pick one roll" option :)My husband picked the spicy salmon roll with avocado - and the sauce it came on was a delicious rendition divergent of normal spicy mayo sauce.I ordered the 'Crunchy' tuna roll with avocado, jalapeno, cucumber, and wasabi aoila sans crunch.  I was kinda bummed as the wasabi aoili had no real flavor or kick, and the jalapeno was (no surprise, though I should have known) seedless and not spicy.Still, the fish was fresh and the tastes were all good.As for the sushi, of course the salmon was king.  What gave all six pieces a really nice touch was the delicacy of the tiny tobiko and scallions on top.  I felt like the chefs went the extra mile to care for their sushi and its presentation.If we make it back for dinner, I'm excited to try the specialty rolls... I mean 'triple decker' sounds awesome!  As does the Buddha - and... well the list goes on.Really glad we had a good lunch here, as of now - the best sushi we've had in this state!Thanks Red Sushi!
5	We still love Red Sushi and still find it to be the best sushi in town. Especially if you love to try unique spins on different types of rolls! Enjoyed our most recent dinning experience here. Only complaint is how crowded and compact you feel and maybe the noise level but these things will not keep us away. AMAZING SUSHI!
3	This was my first time at Red after several years of loyalty to Sushi Moramoto. In comparison, Red's is smaller, faster, and has better, fresher fish quality. However, the price difference and smaller rolls over-compensates for the slight increase in quality. I will continue to frequent Moramoto over Red in Madison.
3	Was disappointed in the size of the sushi rolls for the price. After eating 2 rolls, I was still hungry. I've had quite a bit of sushi in my lifetime from different restaurants but this was nothing special.
4	Decided to go here for our first dinner date in Madison and we were definitely not disappointed with out decision. Place was quite busy for a wednesday but we were seated right away and immediately greeted by our server. We started with edamame and yakitori as appetizers. The edamame could have used a little more sea salt but the yakitori was juicy and flavorful. We then ordered the Red and the Badger signature rolls as well as the Dragon which is a traditional roll. Out of the three our favorite was the Red signature roll, spicy yet the avocado gave a great balance to the flavors. Our least favorite was the dragon, the Badger was delicious, especially with the sauce that came on the plate as well as a tad bit of wasabi. We finished with the creme Brulee, it was the perfect amount for dessert and tasted absolutely amazing with the strawberries. The drinks were strong and beer menu exotic. We had a great dinner and will come back to try more. Next time we will order three traditional rolls instead of two signature rolls, quite a price difference and the traditional roll was just as tasty as the signature ones.
5	Don't skip the appetizers--beef carpaccio and roasted fennel soup with lobster were outstanding. We tried four different cocktails and they were all superb. Pick one to your taste. Rolls were creative. The spicy tuna was much fresher than most places. Chu-toro sushi and sashimi was superb. They ran out of oysters just as we ordered. We sat outdoors, where the table was a bit small for four, but the atmosphere was lovely (back patio). Hostess and waitresses were friendly, bus staff was efficient. Bartender gave us drinks filled to the brim. If I were local, I would repeat!
4	This was my first visit to Red Sushi, but be assured, it certainly won't be my last. It was a beautiful Friday night so my friend and I decided to eat outside (well, that along with the fact that it was far too busy for them to seat us inside). But it worked out well as it was much quieter outside even with the concert on King St. Jimmy was our server and we LOVE him! The martinis were delightful. I can't remember the name of my favorite one right now, but I think it was possibly the French word for umbrella, if I'm not mistaken. Anyway, it was crazy good - I hope to have it again sometime.I ordered 2 rolls:  the Firecracker and the Omega 3. OMG, you guys! Incredible sushi experience!!!!! They are specialty rolls so they are a bit more expensive ($13-$15), but you really do get what you pay for - high quality for sure! My friend had a few vegetarian rolls that she really enjoyed and for dessert we shared the chocolate mousse which was juuuust the right amount of sweet for our post-sushi euphoria.Our only complaint was that the outside tables posed a bit of a challenge/frustration for us sandal-wearing girls. They don't use table clothes and there are cut-outs in the tables for the soy sauce to sneak through so we had sticky toes/shoes in the end, however, Jimmy brought over a warm, damp cloth so I could clean up before leaving.Red is not a place I would be able to afford to go to regularly, but for a special occasion or a hard-core sushi craving, that's where you'll find me.
1	We left almost immediately after being seated. Two things you need know about this restaurant: 1) glasses of water were soapy, 2) they charge extra for wasabi or ginger (even if you order a $27 chefs choice sushi plate). The menu is pricey enough (I wouldn't mind paying), but don't play the a la carte game; it's obnoxious and ridiculous.
4	I loved the food here. It's a pretty small restaurant so you may have to wait on a busy night.My boyfriend and I shared tuna tataki and 3 rolls and were both stuffed by the end. They had specials on a roll that saved us $4 and was delicious.Great sushi at a fair price.
4	Beautiful and  artistic presentation.   Beyond our expectations.      I agree with most of the reviews regarding wait time. n However,  Its just the way it is in a popular, small place.    If you get in ,,, good for you!
3	Everybody kept telling me this place is amazing for sushi.. Well i am not impressed!My avocado rolls were not that good and also the edamame starter was already cold when i got it!
4	Red has a pretty great selection of sushi. The ambiance of the restaurant is nice too and being on the square makes it a fun neighborhood as well.I'd say skip the standard rolls (i.e. California, Spicy Tuna, Philadelphia, etc.) and go for their specialty ones. The riceless rolls are a nice option to have too and I like that you can get that option with quite a few of their rolls. It's kind of pricy, but sushi's never too cheap and it's kind of to be expected with the location.
5	Excellent Sushi in a very nice environment!
5	This is the best place for sushi in Madison! The inside of the restaurant has a very authentic feel. There is always a long wait for a table, due to the size of the place, but sitting at the bar is fine with me because watching the chefs prepare the food & drinks is amazing! I recently discovered that they do take-out orders and the wait is never for pick up. Whenever I am craving sushi this is my must-go-to place in Madison.
5	Great service, fun staff and stellar sushi. Lunch is a good deal and usually pretty quick.
5	In Boston I have access to some of the freshest sushi around so I was a little reluctant to try Red Sushi.  I have to say the service, drinks and sushi were all excellent!Their drink menu is very good with mixes of wine, sake, beer and cocktails, they do have a full bar.  The prices are very reasonable.I started my meal off with the Miso soup which was a nice big portion and very good.  There was more seaweed in the soup than I am used to, but overall I would order it again.  For rolls I had: Spicy Tuna (avocado), Lobster Tempora and the Shellfish trio.  All rolls were excellent but I loved the Shellfish trio the best.  The presentation alone had two different people ask which roll it was when walking by.  One thing I LOVED about this place is the option to do low carb and replace the rice for cucumber rolls (extra 2.50 a roll).  Many places in Boston do not even do this, so I love that they offer this. I saw the chef cut the cucumber in front of me and he was so skilled!I also want to note how clean the sushi bar was and how attentive to detail all of the staff is from the waitresses to the sushi chefs.  There was never an empty glass and all empty plates where cleared promptly! The place was packed when I came and it never stopped the entire staff from delivering excellent service.I would of never guessed you could get such fresh seafood/sushi in Madison WI.  If you are a sushi lover come here, you will not be disappointed.If you have a small party your best options for seats are at the sushi bar, otherwise prepare to wait for a table.  My one bedroom apartment is about the same size as this place, so make reservations if you can!  Reservations are only accepted for parties of 4 or more.
5	Good for both new sushi eaters and the seasoned!! The volcano roll is amazing! Usually a short wait but you can stop at a nearby bar for a drink and they text you when your table is ready.
4	Innovative and lively.Great setting, excellent service, knowledgeable staff. This is a cocktail for success.The rolls where delightful with unusual ingredients.
4	This was our first time in Madison. This is a great place for first time sushi eaters or for people who get overwhelmed with the long list of choices at other sushi joints. Overall, the sushi was great, we ordered 2 rolls, miso soup, and Jasmine tea. The ambiance in the restaurant was nice, small, with up beat music and close quarters to other tables. The only thing that was disappointing was the tea. They were served in nice tea pots, but they weren't loose tea leaves... it was in a tea bag.  Compared to other sushi places I would put Red in my top 5... and we have been to many restaurants! Recommend for experience, price, and location.
2	Sushi was great, however we were very disappointed by the poor time management of hostess and manager, and the management's refusal to rectify the situation up to and including her telling me that we didn't have to eat there and that we could leave. We had a party of 6 and were told our wait would be 35-45 minutes. After 45 minutes, we asked the hostess how long it would be and she said "15 minutes, the table we are waiting for just paid their bill". 27 minutes later, I went up to the hostess and told her we have been waiting for over 70 minutes and to get the manager. I asked the manager what she can do for us (complementary drinks while we finish waiting) and she said "there's nothing I can do, you can either leave or wait until the table is ready". The people who just paid their bill were still sitting there talking away and getting water from their servers! It wasn't until i talked to the server himself and asked him to let the table know that others are waiting that we were finally seated. Do not go here with a party bigger than 4. Restaurant is small and not conducive to big parties, due to what seemed to be management's refusal to combine tables from different servers and lack of using effective strategies to move people along. There was nothing offered to us to satisfy our wait that was double what they originally told us. While we did enjoy the food, I hope this review encourages management to change how they handle these types of situations.
5	Best sushi in all of Madison!!! Owner is friendly and quality of fish is 5 star! Attention to detail in garnishes and plate presentation is exquisite!
5	Went to red sushi the other night and had a wonderful experience. The decor of the restaurant is very modern and gives a romantic feel. The service was very good, she could have been a little bit more friendly but it was good service.  I had the Atlantic  roll and the orange crunch roll, both very good. The Atlantic roll was my favorite. Will definitely be making my way back to red soon!!
5	They have great specialty rolls plus sushi and sashimi. I would recommend just going for the specialty rolls. Most of them have either tuna, salmon, avocado, or cream cheese (and some combination thereof) but they switch it up! Seating is hard to come by on a weekend night, but they do take reservations, and there are several bars nearby you can wait at. Most of the rolls come with 8 pieces, and 2-3 rolls will make a good dinner for 2. Sake selection is decent, and they also have a good wine and beer list. Fish tasted fresh, and I would definitely go back for a nice date night or happy hour.
3	We arrived for Christmas Eve dinner around 8 pm. We had a great time, lots of laughs, our server was awesome, warm and personable. The sushi was just ok. We had some issues with some of the specialty sushi rolls being somewhat dried out, and others were overly sauced and sloppy (the 'Volcano'). The spicy rolls weren't very. 'The Mermaid' came highly recommended, but the strawberry slices on top were dried out and chewy. 'The Grinch' was attractively presented, but the flavor combo just didn't wow me. The spider roll had sprouts on it, the strong flavor of which completely dominated the other ingredients.Regular, basic rolls were done properly. We will stick to ordering them next time. Also, given that it was Christmas eve, maybe their best sushi staff had the night off? For $150.00-ish for three, and only one drink apiece, it definitely left something to be desired.The cocktails were great, however. Really delicious. One person had a dirty martini, another the Agent Argo, and I had a citrusy gin based drink with Aperol that was uhhhhmazing. I'm blanking on the name...will edit it in later.The creme brulee we ordered to share three ways for dessert was simply out of this world. Dining companions weren't as enthusiastic, so they left most of it for me. Merry Christmas, ho ho ho!
3	When I arrived in Madison, my third stop (after getting my bagel and pizza affairs in order) was cheap, vegetarian sushi. I knew Red Sushi wouldn't be that place, but I would have been willing to splurge had the quality been there. We sat outside on what would likely be their last day of outdoor seating for the season. Service was a little slow, I imagine for that--wouldn't sit outside again. Prices were slightly high for the quality, and the sushi was average. I didn't have a standout roll. I'm still looking for my sweet spot in Madison.
