4	The Bottom Line: Clean. Professional. Very attentive to details. I got tired of other dry cleaners burning my french cuffs and handing me cleaned clothes that seemed to need a decent ironing. I'm so happy I made the change.I love the 24-hour drop-off facility. Couple that with the staff, how delicate garments are handled and the price, I am a very happy customer.
5	I had driven past Tide Dry Cleaners a number of times and finally decided to try it out.  I brought in a bunch of shirts, three pairs of pants and two coats for my boyfriend.  To my surprise if you are a new customer you receive 50% off your first visit.They do an excellent job. As soon as your clothes are done they send you an email notification letting you know it's ready.  I dropped the clothes off on Thursday around 10:30 and they were done the next day.They even have the option for 24 hour service (drop box and lockers).  They compare it to the simplicity of an ATM, but for your dry cleaning.For more information on their services definitely check out their website or stop by and see their exceptional staff.I can't wait to see more locations pop up in the Charlotte area.
5	I never thought I'd get excited about dry cleaning, but this place is hands down the best dry cleaners I've ever been to -- and no, I'm not being paid by Tide to write this. It's incredibly convenient, the staff is very professional and it's even open 7 days a week. If you live in the University area, you'd be crazy to go anywhere else. Hopefully they'll open more locations across the QC soon...
5	If dry cleaning is a chore (if, who am I kidding?), Tide Dry Cleaners does everything to make it your favorite chore.I love the coupons they send monthly via email and that they email you when your clothes are ready. Almost every time its earlier than they said they would be ready too. Love the extended hours and professional job they do - this place smells clean!
5	Let's all marvel at the wonder and beauty that is the Tide Dry Cleaners, shall we? I was instantly set on trying the place thanks to the recommendation of my friend when she told me they come out to your car to take your clothes. I mean, S-O-L-D. On my first visit, I HAD to try the valet service and the attendant came out immediately, handed me a quick little form to fill out since it was my first time and kindly informed me of when my clothes would be ready. In addition to that, as a first timer, I got 50% off my order. Not to mention, my clothes smelled and FELT clean. This part is major for me because with other standard dry cleaners, I'm not usually impressed with the quality of the dry clean. Thanks to all that I've described, I've been back to Tide on multiple occasions and I always receive courteous, efficient service. Plus, it smells clean inside! (seriously, what is with the smell that's at typical dry cleaners? is it due to chemicals?)I'd recommend signing up for the rewards program (ask one of the employees) so you can get points, email notifications, and coupons!
