5	This nail salon is by far the best I have been to in the North Scottsdale/Desert Ridge area.  SPA PEDI:   All the gals are great & do art work that will have your toes be the talk of all your girlfriends!  NAILS:  Wow - what can't these gals do??  Vivian is fabulous at both the pink and white acrylics and Shellac gel manicure.  She is a true artist when it comes to nails shaping when doing P&W's.  The Shellac gel mani (or Axium too) is the best mani - lasts 2-3 weeks!The outstanding feature though is their attitude; many times you are made to feel like an intruder at other salons. Not so at The Perfect 10.  They greet you, offer bottled water, and are very sensitive to the client's mood and really do everything to ensure a wonderful experience.
4	Typical nail salon.  But, something about the lovely young man doing my pedi and mani made it special.  He was very nice and funny.  It's been over two weeks and my gel mani look great!  My pedi was with regular polish and is holding up very well.  I'll be back!
5	Living in Cave Creek, it can be difficult to find a great nail salon on the way home from work.  I am SO happy that I found Perfect 10 nails!  (Even though it's listed as Deer Valley, it's in Carefree/ Cave Creek!)Lyn, the owner, is professional and nice.  The space is CLEAN, with a long row of gorgeous pedicure chairs.  They looked so welcoming that my quick manicure turned into a shellac and pedicure!If you've had shellac/OPI gel nails, you know that it's important to have a great manicurist- well, they went above and beyond.  When I realized that two coats was too light, after my pedicure, Sean (another manicurist there) added another coat, no problem.  I was there at the end of the day, and I didn't feel as if they were rushing me.  Also, they refer to you by your first name, which is nice.I will DEFINITELY be back next week!  Thanks Lyn and everyone at Perfect 10!
5	If you are looking for a great place to get a manicure and pedicure, look no more!  Perfect 10 Nails is just wonderful.  Lyn, the owner, has been doing my nails for years.  When she decided to open her own shop I will the first to follow her.  Everyone who works there is so very good at their profession.  It is very cozy and friendly.  I get the gel manicure and it seems to last for weeks.  Do yourself a favor.  Book a manicure and pedicure.  You will not be sorry!!
1	I am not giving the whole nail salon one star, rather the guy who did my nails one. Tats on his arms, skinny - yea, that's the guy. Worst pedicure I have ever had. Terrible customer service, he rushed through my pedicure and did not even put a top coat on. He also never asked what type of pedicure i wanted, just went ahead and gave me the basic one. Another salon technician who was doing my friends pedicure had to put my sandals on because this guy was just 'oh so busy' talking on his phone. Speaking of which, he was texting throughout my pedicure. I couldn't believe the nerve of him to stop what he was doing and start texting, this was some of the worst customer service I have ever experienced. Ever. Anywhere.  I shouldnt have even tipped him. He was very rude and did a horrible job, he only came back to assist me at the end when I had to pay.The salon itself is nice and some of the other girls in there seemed ok. If you go to this salon, DON't get a pedicure from the male employee there. Terrible. What a waste of time and money.
5	I took my time the other day to read reviews to find a place to get a quality pedicure and manicure. I booked an appointment with Lyn and made sure to avoid any young guy with tattoos which by the way he is no longer there and of course I asked. Lyn was very nice, took plenty of time to do a great job. The two services were affordable and I appreciated the atmosphere inside the salon. It was busy and it seemed like everyone who walked through the door while I was there, Lyn knew them by name. They hustled to not turn away walk ins but didn't seem to be rushing anyone. I will go again. Be sure to know that it is on the EAST side of Tatum and NOT over by Cocomo Joe's. I was almost late for my appointment trying to find the place. Look for the small strip center on Tatum and Dynamite across from the Cocomo Joe's center.
5	Vivienne did an amazing job with a full set of french tip nails.  Prettiest ones I have ever had.  very fast and efficient.  I will be a regular. 5 stars!!!!
4	At a totally different nail place, I had a really pathetic manicure last time, so I approached Perfect Ten warily.  Yeah, they have great Yelp reviews, but maybe I am a lightening rod for evil nail techs.It was definitely a Perfect Ten!  Both Lin and Vivienne serviced me, both were very nice, professional, and when I told them this was my first set of gel nails being removed---and that my experience in getting the gel manicure had been way sub-par---they both took the time to explain to me the process and what they were doing, so  that was very cool.  I like to understand the process!I also noted that all the techs at Perfect Ten made an effort to greet newcomers and say good-bye as clients departed.  It's a very busy shop, but they had a smile and a wave for everyone.  All over the store, they have their customer service manifesto posted and they obviously live by it!The place is pretty clean, but more importantly, I saw that they vigorously clean up after every client---tools and pedi-tubs, etc.  We have all heard nightmare stories of people getting infections when techs use unsterilized tools on them.  I ended up getting Mood-changing gel polish.  What a hoot!  Not the most crazy kind, just changes from a really dark Vampire-red to to a sparkly-red gold, but it makes me grin.Vivienne chatted with me thru the service and she is so nice.  From start-to-finish, I had my old gel manicure removed and new one applied (and it was perfect and Vivienne shaped my nails beautifully!) and was out of there in an hour-and-ten for a very reasonable price.  I will definitely return to Perfect Ten for my next nail service.  Thank you, ladies!
2	Just okay . Like in a previous review I'm from California and this place was just okay . Not worth the price and the service was mediocre and or sub par.They did a good job on my nails but it was laid on very thick with acrylic.. Which I didn't want in the first place. I wanted a gel manicure and she objected to it and proceeded to lecture me as if I was a child and I did not like that.Cave creek nail shop hunt... Continues NOT.Waste of money. Drive further out I'm sure there's higher quality for lesser price
5	By far the BEST pedicure/manicure I've ever had.. They are so friendly, remember everyone's name when you walk through the door and take their time to make sure your experience is enjoyable! Their prices are very reasonable and do an amazing job. Can't say enough about how much I love this place!!
5	The girls at Perfect 10 are fabulous!!! They GENUINELY CARE FOR THEIR CLIENTS FAR BEYOND JUST THEIR NAILS!! I've seen these girls reach out to comfort their clients who are suffering & cheer on their clients happy events.  These are special women! I look forward to visiting them each appointment! Today they created perfect Baseball Playoff Designs for final baseball season.... Creative, talented, & technically skilled!! So appreciate PERFECT 10!
