5	This is one of those amazing places that could easily be overlooked.  For more than 14 years, the owners of Cafe Forte have tirelessly made a name for themselves by providing unadulterated cuisine or comfort foods for folks who like their meals freshly made with only quality ingredients.  BRAND NEW Comfort Hours from 3-5pm features awesome appetizers like their roasted Polenta cakes!  They also feature $4 glasses of select wines and beers, too!One of their signature dishes is the Cafe Meatloaf with a light burgundy sauce and smashed potatoes.  They also feature many fresh seafood entrees as well as fine Italian specialties.Because the restaurant is located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale,  on Main Street, just east of Goldwater Blvd,  you can enjoy the works of fine artists as well as the fine foods at Cafe Forte.I recommend  beginning your meal with the baked brie and sliced apples along with a nice Sauvignon Blanc from New Zealand.Casual atmosphere with little votives and a fresh flower on each table is what you will see when you first enter the main dining room.  There is a bar area and when weather permits, an intimate garden for romantic dining.  They also do amazing pies and tortes for dessert.Great for dinner on Thursday Artwalks or for a casual lunch with good friends!
4	Great little eatery in Old Town Scottsdale.. wonderful food and service.. plus its close to my condo.. everything we tried was fantastic.. basic new American food done really well.. the maple bourbon chicken was one of the juiciest chicken breasts Ive had in a very long time. Lasagna, awesome and huge! House made bread.. Oh gawd, have to try the bread pudding as well, amazingly delicious! I wish I had the time to write something more full blown..
4	Excellent salads, great place for lunch while in Old Scottsdale.
3	Ok, so we decided to give this place a try b/c Cafe Forte is rated #1 out of 651 restaurants on tripadvisor.  Honestly, I do not agree with their ranking....I mean come on...if this place is really #1, that means Scottsdale is filled with bunch of mediocre restaurants.   Maybe we expected too much...no....it just wasn't that good.    *Ambiance = very cute, relaxing, and clean.*Service = very slow.  The owner was a really nice and seated us promptly but the waitress...she is not a happy person.*Food = honestly, I just don't understand how this restaurant can be #1....-Baked Brie = expected.  It was good but nothing extraordinary.-Gorgonzola crusted sirloin steak = not worth it.  It was descent.  However, if you are tempted to sprinkle salt on it, that means it's not that good.   If you want good steak, you should go somewhere else like Flemings.  Oh btw, the steak was tiny.  -Mahi Mahi Tuscano = I thought it was too salty...my bf thought it was ok.
5	Julie & I had lunch there & the food was super fresh..really cute place and they have a healthy happy hour.
3	Stopped off for a snack at Cafe Forte while in the area.  Tables outside on sidewalk Parisian style.  We had baked brie in puff pastry on a bed of apples which was good at the time but I regretted later with the high fat content. Also had a plate of  lemony hummus dip which was good.  Large portions and good happy hour wine.  Very quiet for Main St on a Friday night.  We asked for a discount with our T cards but the waitress didn't know what these were despite having a sign for them in the window.
2	I'm not sure what happened to this place over the past year but the food was horrible! We went for their New Years Eve menu which sounded old school but fun.. the food was horribly dreadful. 4 courses for $59, well in this case you most certainly did not get what you pay for.Starting with the salad.. it under dressed and under seasoned, beef Wellington was abysmal, under seasoned and undercooked. Stuffed chicken was dry and tough and all plates came with a few pieces of carrot and broccoli, probably from a bag. The bright spot was the sausage and pepper appetizer, which was actually really tasty but the 2 bites left me feeling like Oliver Twist! Then the desserts.. uhg.. the desserts could have come from a box from Costco, not horrible but ordinary and boring. The service was still excellent but the food was just uninspired and poorly executed. I used to love this place and it saddens be to say such things but I have to let you know, they need an infusion of something.. perhaps life?
5	We had a delicious dinner and special occasion setting for New Year's Eve-- dinner for two.  The service and food were both extraordinary.  It's a small, romantic spot for a special meal.  We plan to try it again soon for a date night out from the regular menu.  The ingredients were especially fresh and well prepared, no heavy handed sauces here, and that was a delight.  The owners are on hand to greet you and make sure your evening is a special one.  Nice touch and within walking distance of all of Old Town Scottsdale.
4	My girlfriend took me here and the food was to die for, I from out of town and it is a great place in Old Town Scottsdale.
4	Just strolled by and was hungry thought the atmosphere looked inviting and took and chance. I was not bummed about my choice. It was a perfectly light lunch an egg salad sandwich with a side salad and my husband enjoyed a buffalo burger. Food was great, amazing potato salad, service was great. It was a really nice sunny afternoon in scottsdale and this place was inviting on all levels. Dessert took it to a whole other level, the camelback i think they called it: decadent chocolate brownie with vanilla gelato and fudge and whip cream, sounds standard but it was anything but. Soooo good. definitely coming back for a fun sunny day lunch or a romantic dinner for two.
4	I ate here the other day with my wife & her Mom. Nice outdoor cafe style with good food and nice atmosphere. Unfortunately it was sad to see how there weren't a good amount of people there on a beautiful Saturday afternoon. People in the area seem to be drawn towards lesser establishments at times. Maybe due to difference in marketing but a place like Cafe Forte is considerably much more quality than most other places around. It would be nice to see a more unique place like this get the love that some of the close by but lesser quality establishments receive.
5	Mmmm.....can someone get me some baked brie from Cafe Forte, like, right now?I had the most delicious lunch at Cafe Forte, and I felt marvelous when I left. Full and happy and warm and fuzzy. :-)We started with the Baked Brie: brie encased in a delicate pastry served golden brown with sliced apples. What about that doesn't sound delicious?For my entree, I opted for the 1/2 sandwich and soup, and I could have had a gallon of the soup. It was an amazing chicken soup with a sweet/savory broth. Yum. I picked the egg salad sandwich, which was also quite good.We decided to splurge and had dessert, the Bourbon Street Bread Pudding. So sweet and decadent - it was a lovely way to finish the meal.When you're near Old Town Scottsdale, you MUST stop into Cafe Forte. Enjoy the warm and cozy ambiance and the delicious, homey food.
5	Very good experience here. Great food, service and setting. Food was fresh and prepared excellent. Sangria was a nice compliment to lunch.
3	We only ordered one appetizer, otherwise I'd probably have given two stars, but felt like I should be fair having only tried this one item. The white bean appetizer dip really wasn't very good. It tasted like something you could buy at the grocery store and bring home. The pita bread was dull store bought frozen, just heated.  The wine list is a joke. I don't understand how these places call themselves a "wine bar" in listings, and get there to see such limited selections. We went on a Thursday night during Art walk and the place was totally dead, while all the other restaurants were busy. That should have told us something right away. There are definitely better places in the area. The other problem I had was with the overall vibe. I felt like I was in a nursing home. Everyone was geriatric practically, and the music seemed to cater to that crowd as well. I'm not sure what they're trying to be, it's sort of confusing (the vibe) but I didn't feel like coming back. Oh, and it was pretty pricey for what you get as well.
2	Sometimes I wonder how a restaurant gets a great location, yet manages to stay open amidst the culinary delight that surrounds it. Downtown Scottsdale is a hotbed of food delight, to keep a good eatery open in the area would require something special, something awesome or at the very least... something.I will start off by saying that maybe this review isn't fair, I did only have an appetizer... *takes rating from one star to 2...* and a glass of wine. But to me, first impressions are everything, and Cafe Forte failed me at hello. Not the server mind you, she was pleasant and attentive. They call themselves a Bistro & Wine Bar... again... wine in the title, you had better have an awesome selection of wine. That was the hello that lost me.Needless to say, the wine list left me flat... I had to settle with a Cab from Washington that was warm and disappointing. I know, they didn't make the wine, but they make the choice of what they serve by the glass, and at what temperature to serve it. There is an amazing amount of wineries out there that are producing some fantastic vino, and some of those are local Arizona wine makers that make a terrific glass of wine. This isn't about supporting local growers (though, it's a good idea.), this is about choice. Call yourself a wine bar, then act like one. Give us a choice.We had the hummus appetizer. It came out looking like some strange beetle had died on it's back... presentation was a bit strange, I thought my 9 year old niece was in the kitchen making food art... it was supposed to have hint of lemon, I am pretty sure they used Pledge to get the flavor......Y'know... this is unfair. I will stop here. Everyone deserves a second chance. I am sticking to my guns with the 2 stars for now. I truly believe that with competition in the area, you need to step up your game, and Cafe Forte seems to be on the bench at the moment.
5	Wow what a great lunch place! Great service and atmosphere and really yummy healthy food! I had an apricot sangria that was so delightful and thirst quenching in this Arizona heat along with a healthy buffalo burger that was so tasty. I definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone. I can't wait to come back and try more!
2	The service here was very friendly and fast.We ordered the brie appetizer, which was very good.The salmon entree was a little fishy and overcooked. The spinach ravioli was just okay - the sauce was decent.The sundae for dessert was good as well. All in all, we had a decent meal, but we would have been happier if we didn't have to pay as much for the food. It isn't quite worth the price.
4	Had lunch here with my mom. Loved it. Organic. Excellent service. Great atmosphere for casual or business conversation.
3	Everything here is just OK. I've definitely had better and I would most likely choose another restaurant in the future, but nothing was extremely bad about this place...just ok. The atmosphere is a little stagnant and while seating inside the restaurant is extensive, it didn't feel very welcoming and it was too beautiful of a day to sit inside anyway. We sat outside and it reminded me of sitting on a friend's apartment patio. The tables were tiny and a little rickety and we ended up moving from one because it was uneven. The food itself was also just ok, but way more expensive then it needed to be. I went with a salad with brie and apples. It cost an additional $4 to add chicken which I did. The salad was decent and tasted like something that could be made at home. Nothing stood out in my book during my visit, but nothing was awful either.
5	Excellent food with unparalleled ambiance! Do yourself a favor and request a table on the side-walk... after a few minutes you're a short walk from the hustle and bustle of downtown Scottsdale and instead find yourself in a quiet, almost European terrace. The perfect place for great food and the atmosphere seems to elicit quality and engaging conversations. Their Hibiscus margarita was a delightful drink special and the main courses were delicious. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for relaxed yet fine dining.... a piece of Paris in the middle of Arizona!
3	Out of two appetisers and four main courses, I would say one was a "Wow" and the rest were all, as another reviewer has said, "just OK", at best.  One of the appetisers, the hummous, was not good at all, being a bit bitter and very grainy.  It needed lemon and salt.  The penne with Italian sausage consisted of boiled-from-the-box penne, what appeared to be a sauce of canned tomatoes, and a very modest amount of decent grilled sausage.  I ate it, but I didn't really enjoy it.  Only the spinach and cheese ravioli was restaurant quality.The decor is acceptable -- Cafe Forte is a small place in the extended strip mall of Main Street in Scottsdale.  The service was friendly but a little slow (1 hour 20 minutes for appetisers and main courses) in a half-full restaurant.  The prices were mixed -- the pasta entrees were around $12-$15, the appetisers around $10.I am not unhappy to have gone here, but I can't recommend Cafe Forte either.
2	This place was completely cute and the service was great.  However, neither my husband or I were really that impressed with the food.  We started with the baked brie as an appetizer.  It had a very strong ammonia smell that was a huge turnoff.  I know that sometimes happens with brie so we ate it anyway but a couple of hours later with both got bad stomach aches.  I later googled it and it seems the ammonia smell comes out more when the cheese is past its prime.  There is no way to know for sure if we actually got sick from the brie or not but I have to subtract a couple stars for that.  Our main dishes were ok; he got the spaghetti with meatballs and I got the bloody mary pasta.  His dish was very simple but he liked it and I was impressed that he ate it at all b/c he normally prefers beef or lamb meatballs to ground turkey.  I enjoyed my dish as well but it was not as good as I thought it would be based on the description.  It really did taste like a bloody mary, complete with fresh celery leaves but it was not as spicy as I was hoping for.I would probably give them another chance if someone else suggested it. But I would likely pick somewhere else since there are so many other great restaurants in the area.  I definitely will not order the baked brie there again!
4	Met the owners, chatted and sat down. Beautiful ambience, great menu, not too many items.Excellent smoked salmon plate, great quiche and egg salad to die for.Give this bistro a try, talk with the ladies that own it- they care about what they do and it shows.
4	A coworker and I ate lunch here today and had a great experience!  The atmosphere is great...comfortable and welcoming.  The staff was very friendly too.  We both enjoyed the quiche special with a side salad and it was delicious...we both finished our plates!  There were many great options on the menu, so I'll have to come back again!
5	My wife and I are in town for spring training. We had dinner at Cafe Forte on Saturday evening March 11. We selected Cafe Forte based on Yelp and Trip Advisor reviews and our personal preferences. Wow!  What a find! This cafe met all of our high expectations for service, ambiance, food preparation, quality, and price vs value. We both had the vegan split pea soup special and the breast of chicken. My wife enjoyed the sangria and I a California merlot. We had an excellent dining experience and we definitely will return next year.
4	Excellent atmosphere with good food.  Located among the numerous art dealers in the area.
4	It's a small intimate setting and the food is truly amazing - - although it can get a bit noisy if there is a group or two in the restaurant.  You could order anything on the menu and be happy - their deserts are worth trying - if you can order one my hat is off to you! If you are fussy about where you sit you need to ask for a specific table when you make a reservation - otherwise you will sit where they put you rather then where you want to sit.
4	Truly outstanding food. Possibly the best in the valley. Creative as well as tasty. On top of all that, it is reasonably priced. Great wine selections and nice ambiance. It is also appropriate for vegetarians and even vegans.My only reason for giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that last time I was there, the music was too loud for a pleasant dinner and was a bit like dance music at times. But this is an easy fix and I hope the owners do as it is such amazing food.I will definitely go back and will update people on the music.
3	This place has always been a favorite of ours so we took our friends from Seattle. First of all the music was so loud we couldn't talk.  I had to ask 4, yes 4 times for them to turn it down. Finally we pleaded with the owner to please turn it down. The music was inappropriate we felt for the restaurant as well. The food was just ok, not great like it used to be. We probably won't go back. Very disappointed.
1	Complete rip off  of an appetizer $5. $5 for 2 dumplings about the size of my thumb. The regular menus price was $8 for 4 (which we were not made aware of before we ordered or we would have just gotten that). So we paid more per piece on their special happy hour menu. Happy hour wine was advertised as $4 glass was actually $5.  We won't be coming back. Feeling like you got taken is not a pleasant dining experience.
2	Short StoryBland BlandUnappetizingPainfully SlowNot being checked onLoud Old Music BlaringLonger StoryI received a watery funky unknown flavor of iced tea and I knew things would decline. The dining room was very loud with music but it was mostly but not all sounds of the forty's I suspect. The restaurant didn't seem busy as it only had a few tables seated but it might have taken about a half hour to prepare a salad and the sandwich we ordered and another half hour for the server to return.I receive my salad and the greens were fresh and good and I will go on to say the blue cheese tasted like a good blue cheese. The turkey however was very dry chalky white meat that lacked flavor and the house made concoction of cranberry relish was something I didn't relish . It was lumpy thick and creamy and was hard to identify a taste because it was not good to me. I could not eat it. So I ate very dry flavorless turkey on wet plain greens and the only flavoring I got was from the blue cheese. Our server was walking around like in slow motion and never made it over to check on us.My husband tasted my dish and just like last week he said, "WOW that's Bad! Then he tried his dish. He also had a plain green salad without dressing. He said the ciabatta bread was good but his sandwich was tasteless. I tried a tiny bite of the chicken. It was cooked nice but was oddly tasteless. I wouldn't say his plate was awful it just wasn't tasty.We finished and waited for a LONG TIME for our server to give us the check.My review is based on just one lunch visit.2.5 stars
3	Good food, nice quiet atmosphere for lunch, suitable for groups. The food wasn't particularly memorable except for the dessert menu, which was divine. The service was very prompt and attentive. All in all this is a nice place that won't throw you any unpleasant surprises. We went in the afternoon when it was quiet, but it might be busier at dinner. I'd be willing to try it for a dinner date.
4	Great restaurant that was stumbled upon.  Always seem to have a delicious Sangria on special.   Everything seems homemade and fresh.  Recommend the potstickers.  I would give it a try if you were in the area, but wouldn't make a special trip for it.
1	Tried 4 things.... all troublesome. The spinach ravioli... from Costco!! You know the ones that come in a huge bag with the packet of cheese and herbs? I actually like those ravioli, but Cafe Forte served them in a bath of water and some of the cheese and herb packet. So gross...Chicken salad sandwich: Not a fan of the chicken salad. Had a mustard taste and had too much mayo. Not a disaster, but I couldn't eat most of it because it just had an odd taste.Chocolate truffle cake: Half baked brownie batter on a obviously pre-made white crust. I found it odd to serve a chocolate cake on a white crust...Carrot cake: Dry, probably store bought...Never again.....
5	Peg and I found out about this place years ago...during an art walk....and loved it. As things sometime happen, patterns change and we hadn't been back in much too long a time...until last night.  OMG!  This is still one of the best independently-owned restaurants in the Valley. Wonderfully vibrant gazpacho, pot stickers, horseradish encrusted salmon, a VERY juicy and not oh-my-gawd-meatloaf-again? meatloaf with mashed Yukon golds and corn.  The chocolate truffle tart was amazing and just right for sharing.  Rose was outstanding and guided us through the journey.  This place is definitely going to be revisited sooner than later....and I would highly recommend it.  Dr. B
5	Awesome place! Loved having a few glasses of wine and dessert! The staff is so friendly, great service.. The location is just too fabulous!! Perfect for a quiet dinner!!! Love it! Just come here!
5	I eat here quite often, one of the plates I'd definitely recommend is the pecan crusted chicken! I've never had anything like it! Also the horse radish salmon is a must. I'm from the west coast so I love my seafood, let's just say they did it justice! There's nothing like a home cooked meal, and this place is so inviting! Did I mention it has plenty of vegetarian options? Even some vegan? I'm no longer a vegetarian but I know how hard it was to find a more than decent meal without meat! I tell everyone I know about Cafe Forte, that they should at least check it out!! I've also tried their meatloaf, absolutely amazing it just melted in mouth, I can't get enough of it. My absolute favourite is actually the dessert! Rosies mini apple pie!! Overall I give it 5 stars because the atmosphere was great, the food was fantastic and the service was even better, the staff of Cafe Forte felt like family the very moment I met them!
5	Went here on the advice of a friend and glad I did.  Cute little restaurant in the heart of old town Scottsdale.  Excellent waiter who gave us the skinny on what to order.  I had the soup and half sandwich combo with homemade egg salad and onion parmesan soup and it was awesome!!  I will be back soon! My friend enjoyed the peach Sangria which was homemade also. The frozen chocolate truffle dessert is to die for!
5	This is an awesome restaurant in Downtown Scottsdale.  Absolutely great homemade food!  Find it; try it!  You won't regret it!KA
5	Lovely friendly restaurant - great lunchtime sandwiches and excellent evening menu. Pecan crusted chicken was moist and flavorsome as was the salmon. Deserts scrumptious!
5	There are few places I'll rate 5 stars and even fewer I will travel across state lines to eat but Cafe Forte is one of them. First the food: quite literally the best meal I've ever eaten out. I has the meatloaf and it was out of this world. Like...I doubt I'll ever eat meatloaf anywhere else; sorry grams. My girl had the Horseradish Salmon so I got a bite or five and it was excellent; I don't even like salmon. Dessert was A perfect ending. Had pumpkin pie which was tasty but pretty standard. The chocolate tart blew my brains out; I almost cried when it was all gone. The service: Neal was the man. Ask for him of you come through, you won't be disappointed. He was quick, knowledgeable, funny and engaging without being overwhelming. Pacing of dinner was excellent. I was never rushed and never waiting. Perfect location right in the middle of the art district for a lovely date. The four owners Syd, Grace, Rosemary and Pat are great hosts and make the place that much more love able. By and far one of my favorite places to eat in Arizona. Don't miss out.
5	Five-stars hands down. This place has been at this same location for nineteen years! Wow! I didn't know! What a hidden gem! They served me the best meatloaf plate since I left the south. The staff were mainly family or adopted into the family. One of the owners stood at our table and answered all of our questions regarding the restaurant's menu, hours, history, future, etc. They really made us feel welcomed! We will definitely show our patronage again and again!
