1	Out of products, AWFUL service, we walked out. Unorganized and VERY unprofessional attitude, poorly managed store- And dirty. We were the only customers- Waited almost 30 min and the sandwiches weren't even done. It's a little further of a drive but the Quiznos off of 95 and by tenaya/ Craig is AMAZING and I will never go to this one again.
2	No problems with food quality, I hear they are under new management. However, they have no condiment bar. I've never heard of a Quizno's that doesn't! I need my horseradish sauce, guys.
2	The employees are rude.  No help. No reccomendations. The only reason they got 2 stars is because the food was ok.
1	I wanted some Quizno's The store is nasty I've never seen a business so nasty so unclean and yet its open for business. Nasty unclean floor. Nasty soda machine. Nasty counters with food everyplace. The tables where you sit to eat were nasty and paper and food everyplace. The staff was busy eating Pizza-Hut. I said great I will leave and eat someplace else as well if the staff wont even eat here. Its smelled so bad you would wonder how they even eating in the first place.
1	This place is horrible. I've been in here a few times and every single time, the service is unacceptably slow and the customer service is really lacking. I went in there another time and not a single employee in sight. Wtf? It was in the afternoon so it's not like they were closed.  I could hear people in the back talking. I called out for someone to assist me multiple times. I waited there for 5-10 min for someone to come out and not one person answered me or even bothered to come out. What the hell is up with that?! Hello...I'm about to spend money on your damn food and you ignore a customer?  Ridiculous. The owner needs to find some better employees because these people suck. I ended up leaving and taking my business elsewhere.UPDATE: I tried calling the store to see if I could get a hold of a manager to speak to.  The phone rang for a while before the phone was finally picked up...the person on the other line didn't say anything.  After I said "Hello?" the person just hung up without a word.  Seriously?  RUDE and UNACCEPTABLE.  How do you expect to run a profitable business with crappy employees like that?
