1	"Assaulted by crabby cabby" On 6/30/10, my friend and I were leaving the Flamingo to go to a resort a short distance away. After we entered cab #159 and told the driver where we were headed, he commenced a verbal assault toward us. He said our destination is a short walk and we were wasting his time and suggested we walk. Two women from out of town are not going to walk somewhere off strip well after midnight. He says that Las Vegas is a safe city and nothing will happen to us. He stopped the cab every 30 yards, at least twice, to turn around and yell at us some more. While he was yelling, my friend tried to get out of the door and couldn't. We told him to let us out, to which we were told that we weren't getting out unless we gave him the $3.50 on the meter. We refused and he refused to let us out. I told him if he wasn't letting us out, then to take us to our destination. After agonizing minutes of continued verbal assaulting, we made it to our destination. He was reported, but female travelers, please be aware of this cab driver.
1	This cab a company is horrible. I made a call for pick up. Keep in mind I was right accross the street at gamblers general store. Let's say less than 50ft away from their office. Not only did it take over 20mins the dispatch was no pleasant but gave me the feeling that I was bothering him. We end up hailing a cab from another company instead . It took less that 2 mins rather that stand out side hoping they would come get us.
1	Horrible, shady and pathetic cab co!!! They dont take cash. My co-worker lost her wallet in the cab. Called dispatcher who was not helpful at all. Claimed he couldn't reach the cab even though we had called the cab from the hotel and spoken to him. We had to get security to track down the cab number. Called dispatcher again with cab number. Dispatcher said he would call driver and didn't want to get involved anymore. Asked for our number and said that the driver may or may not call us back. Driver did called back about an hour later. Claimed he didn't have the wallet and another fare must have taken it. We had to report everything in the wallet as stolen and a police report. This cab company couldn't care less. Don't use them!!!!!!
1	I made a call to go to Airport from my Vegas Hotel. A young fellow driver showed up. I asked Airport. He started to drive to opposite direction towards freeways. As soon as he entered freeway, I checked my IPhone map to see if I am on the right track and realized that he is taking me the very long way to airport. So I asked why he did not use the short way. He said traffic is jammed on surface roads, this is longer but will take short time. So I showed my IPhone may which showed other short road bright green-meaning all lanes open. He said "trust me, this is shorter". He totally lied to my face. I called to complain but not sure they will take any action. Will never call them again, never ever!
4	Called for cab, driver was friendly pointed out places of interest and was very helpful. One of my best cab rides ever will use again anytime I'm in Vegas
3	Got a cab from the hotel to the airport. Very friendly cab driver. The only thing I hated is that the cab REEEEKED! I don't know if it was previous customers (prostitutes maybe) stunk up the cab SOOO bad that my husband and I had to ride with our hands over our noses... We didn't want to risk missing our flight-that's why we didn't ask for another... But funny thing is "Passenger Bill of Rights" in the cab says it's supposed to be fresh air and clean... Haha- NOT
2	Plus - cabby got me home in record time.  Minus - it wasn't without a fair amount of drama.  Driver was aggressive to anyone who was in his way or didn't move fast enough, slowing down to give dirty looks to anyone who displeased him.  When we arrived at Aria he almost got in a fight with a limo driver who he mean mugged for no reason.  You have a choice in this town.  i'll turn these guys down from now on.  These cabbies always complain there is not enough work.  Then when they get it, they do this?
5	A five star for my driver Lazarus the other day who got me to work when I was feeling too yucky for my usual walk and running late. Took a short fare from the El Cortez over to Main with a smile after the other driver from a different company fed me a bunch of nonsense about why he couldn't take me. I made it to work with time to spare and had a very pleasant conversation. He was driving cab #118 that day. I really need to shoot an email to the company as well, this guy is doing it right.
1	I took the cab 170 from the hotel in Vegas to a business meeting in Henderson NV. I had my GPS going as well as the driver had it on his "smart phone". I was distracted on the phone with the bank so don't know either the driver missed the right turn or the "GPS took us a longer route" but we were now going not the most direct route. I showed him immediately on my phone that we were taking the EXTENDED ROUTE that a wrong turn had been taken & was adding an addition mile onto the trip. The young driver of cab 170 refused to credit me the unnecessary additional mileage & this made my bill higher due to either driver error or GPS error either way I didn't appreciate the lack of customer service. I still tipped 20% because I could & because another's wrong doesn't make it wrong/right for me & honestly he probably really needed the $.The kicker my return route via another cab back to Vegas took me 11 miles & $10 cheaper. My trip out to Henderson was 9.5miles & 10$ more for less mileage driven.
1	These cab drivers are RUDE and think they own the road. Very dangerous and aggressive drivers. I hope they lose business.Should be a zero rating.
1	Do not use this cab company.   My driver charged me $66 from airport to Summerlin.  No traffic, straight shot.  Since then I've uber'd twice, both fares were$30.... goodbye taxi companies.... i dont feel sorry for you.
1	Wow, what an awful experience with this cab company.  My husband and I were just recently in Vegas and  decided to take a cab ride to our hotel instead of the walk.  He had been walking all day and decided it was going to be cheap enough to just get a ride.  We got into the cab with no problem from the strip and had little conversation other than the hotel name we were going to with the driver.  First and foremost, he went to drop us off at the wrong hotel, which then in-turn made our bill twice as much as it should of been.  Given that neither one of us had the amount of cash on had (since it was much more than we thought) I decided not to make the bill a big deal and use my credit card instead.  With that of course came an extra $3.00 just to use the card itself.  Needless to say I didn't leave a tip since we were charged double for the actual ride.  I went to get out of the car, said thank you, and then that is where the issue with the driver started.  He said "thank you for what, you leave zero tip."  I informed him that we were double charged for the ride itself and that I was also charged the additional fee for using a card.  He then proceeded to insult me and called me a loser....which didn't go over well with my husband.  Let's just say that the cab drive is very lucky that he left unharmed and my husband without a jail visit.  DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY....I would wait the extra 10 minutes for another cab service.
5	I left my jacket in the cab on my way to the airport. When I got back to Minnesota I looked up the number for the cab company and sent an e-mail regarding my lost jacket. Within two minutes the company called and is returning my jacket. Excellent service!!!
