4	This is my new spot for my fitness needs.  Tons of instructor base and On Demand Fitness Classes are available.  Free Parking even on game day and special events.  And did i mention you get to watch the game and event for free?!  There is also a Free Shuttle Service that conveys fitness fiends from their boring cubicle to the weight room in less than 5 mins!
3	I've been at Mountain Side Fitness for a while and was excited that they were going to open up a new gym downtown. This is perfect for me, it's halfway to work and I just stop by on the way there or on the way home. Also being at Chase Field is pretty cool. They provide free parking also.So, I'm basing this review on my experience with their other locations, which I think are great. Yes, I understand that this particular spot is smaller and there's less space and workout equipment. I think they've actually done a great job maximizing their space and of course everything is new. For those taking classes, they have a nice schedule and some pretty cool technology that allows you to take a video class anytime the studio's are available by selecting a program from a kiosk. A screen pops down and you are off and running, or uh, biking, kickboxing etc :)The staff is great, very friendly, and always helpful should I have any questions about anything. Though the space is limited they have good selection of weight equipment and machines.There is a lot to like about this gym. I think the important aspects are there. Again, just comparing to the other Mountain Side gyms I think they're still working out some kinks. These are really small items but when I add them up it's annoyning and I don't have these issues at their other gyms. For example, the tv's in the treadmills don't work. I warm up before weight training and like to watch sportscenter or whatever. I've been on a new treadmill every day and they all have different problems. I can't change the channel, can't adjust the volume, can only change a channel going up, it won't turn on, etc.  A nice thing their other locations do is play a movie on a channel for those long runs. They might here but I can't get to it :)They also have these mountain bike machines and I love hitting the trails on my bike so I was excited to see these at the open house. They didn't work for the open and they still don't. I've stopped asking about it.I know with limited space you can't please everyone with the gear but I would like to see a freemotion squat machine of some type. Their other gyms have them and they are great for people with bad backs that want to safely push it. They have more than enough smith machines here and a leg press but would like to see this in the gym. I go to their other gyms on leg day to work out.There are a couple other little things but I am positive they are going to fix them eventually. They already took care of some stuff in the lockers so I'm sure they're on it.This is a Platinum Club so yeah, I am just looking for that fit and polish and right now their other gyms are little more established and have it all running smoothly. Going to update this review but for now just going to say there's some stuff to work on.A quick tip with their parking area, if need to go back downtown or travel west you'll have to go east a while before you can turn around. It's one way for a bit and I would just park in the garage across the street. It's a good gym with a great location and great staff. I do like it here and the flexibility to go to their other gyms also.
4	It is not a large facility but it is unique as it is connected to (and has doors that lead into) Chase Field.  I am there at least once a day for about 5 days a week, working with my trainer 2xs a week in that time period.  Cardio equipment is available on the 1st and 2nd levels. They offer a few classes like yoga or spin but if you can not make it to one of those they also offer "Fitness on Demand" with a variety of yoga, spin or zumba/hip hop fitness style classes at the press of a button. A screen comes down in the studio and you work with a variety of pre programmed workouts. Like being at home with a workout dvd but better. A good variety of  machine and free weights are available. The executive locker service is $45/month. Towel service included with all levels of membership. The staff is friendly and the facilities are clean.  I have yet to be in there when there is a Dbacks game going but I have been told that it is generally pretty quiet in the gym.  My only complaint is that their cross-fit curcuit/TRX/stretching/floor area is a bit small.   If the place was busier this would really be more of an issue.  I have also yet to take advantage of theirin house tanning or their "snack" smoothie bar which is small but they offer a variety of pre and post work out nutritional options.
4	The facility is perfect for me.  They have plenty of equipment for everyone and their spinning class is awesome.  Plus you are at the stadium!  I have seen some of the dbacks coaches, and some of the players actually working out while i was there! Its a perfect fit for my downtown needs..
5	PERSONAL TRAINERI was in search of a personal trainer to improve my fitness results. I visited Mountainside Fitness and I was introduced to Chase. Chase with Core Concepts is an absolute professional in his trade. His demeanor is extremely positive which helps to make the experience very comfortable. His knowledge base and creativity in fitness is very expansive. I was impressed with every workout I had with Chase. I honestly do not think there is a better personal trainer in town for the buck! Whether it is for strength, size, or weight loss; use him and you will not be disappointed. The results I achieved were absolutely amazing. :)
5	I've been going to varies locations of Mountainside Fitness for about 5 years and have always had a wonderful experience.....until I came to the Platinum Chase Field.  This is not just a wonderful experience, its absolutely phenominal!!!  By the second day, the staff at the front new my name and already had me checked in as I walked thru the front door.  The place is super clean and I'm the only one in there at 4:30AM.  Like having your own private gym.  Xerrick, the dude at the front, is always consistently nice and friendly and always on time with opening the doors.  I thought it would be weird working out at the Chase stadium, but it's actually kinda cool and after working out and losing 1000 calories, I can walk over to TGIF, have a beer, and put it all right back on!!  haha.  Chris L
4	I thought I would chime in with an update after becoming a regular at this spot. This location now has a person on site to work on the workout equipment and most of the time everything is up and running. A couple of times there has been an issue with the treadmill's audio or channel buttons not working but I can say that it is much improved.Also, I have attended one of the boot camps and it was a very good experience. Chris was our instructor and he's quite knowledgable in exercise and nutrition, a great motivator and very personable. I learned a lot and have applied it to my own workouts. I would highly recommend signing up if you're serious about upping getting in shape or taking your workouts to another level.
5	I am an LAFitness transplant. I wanted a change and boy did I get one. My initial contact was great not  a sales pitch but an offering.(thanks Connor) I was impressed by the cleanliness classes and equipment. The staff is amazing  . They are happy  friendly and genuinely want to be there. I tried the personal training   To get back into the swing of things. Katrina was knowledgeable and actually listened to my concerns. She also let me know the importance of eating right. This is a top notch place. I received a newsletter and found out this chain was started right here in the valley, another plus. I can't thank you all enough I feel great!
5	Love this Gym!  Not too big and or Crowded! The Staff is very friendly and greet you by name! Facility is clean and updated! So much better than it's Gilbert counter-part!
5	I love this gym! They always have great music, it's never over crowded and everyone who works here is professional and courteous. The hassle of getting here when there is a home game (street closures) is well worth it. The personal trainers are unique and have different styles and Mark (training manager) seems to do a great job pairing customer with the right trainer. If all that wasn't enough... The clientele who come to this gym are here to work out. No perfume, texting while hogging a machine or creepy guys who follow you around the gym as you do dead lifts (ladies you know what I'm talking about). Great gym!
5	Matt and Conner are amazing.  Seriously.  I mean, I really don't work out much but I occasionally go in and grab my free Andes mint and bottle of water that I get with the locker service.  This is a great feature and I would highly recommend it!  They are so friendly and welcoming that I have actually attempted to work out and use my membership a few times.  I made it 8 minutes into 12 minute bikini butt once on Fitness on Demand. Pretty sure I am bikini ready now. Great gym, never crowded, friendly staff, elevator so that I don't have to walk up the stairs to get to the cardio equipment is also a +.  Thanks boys!  -HP
5	I can't say enough good things about MSF. The staff is friendly and attentive, the facility is clean and doesn't distract from your fitness goals. I love coming in here at all hours and appreciate that it opens really early for people like me that have quite the commute Monday- Friday. I do wish they would provide more guests visits, then I could hopefully inspire more of my colleagues to join!
4	Best gym ever, no crowds, very clean..great equipment .favorite gym of all time!!!!!
