4	Finding a good exhaust shop in Las Vegas that will do good custom work is a difficult proposition. There are a lot of "hack" and "tack" shops out there that really do not take much pride in their work and I've been down that road a few times. Ever since SRS Customs (Dave lays down one of the most beautiful weld beads I have ever seen and I had him fabricate a custom mandrel bent exhaust on another car) near downtown closed down due to the economy, I have been in search of another shop. The issue I had was an exhaust leak on one of the aftermarket downpipes on my AMG 63. Since this is an AMG, I am VERY particular on the workmanship. I was referred to another shop from a car forum (cannot Yelp it because they must be under a different name and using a DBA) perform the work that had sub par welds (used a 110v MIG welder that could barely penetrate the stainless steel) and still leaked at the manifold. I took it back to that shop twice and they still couldn't resolve the issue and wanted me to leave the car overnight. Hell no! From another referral, I was led to Advance Mufflers over on Rancho between Cheyenne and Craig. I met Tony, one of the technicians before the shop opened and we just talked cars. I found out that he was formerly a fabricator at a muscle car header manufacturer (forgot which company) in SoCal. We talked about header prototyping, welds, and my current situation. After our brief conversation, I felt comfortable with his knowledge and experience. Especially, since my issue wasn't a complex one. Within 3 hours, he had my downpipe removed, the flange repaired (the other shop damaged it in their attempt to rectify the situation), reposition the upper O2 sensor bung for the wideband sensor, bolted up, aligned the pipe and welded it back together. Since I liked his welds so much, I also had him redo the other downpipe. I will be coming back for them to install my X-pipe once it arrives. Would have been a 5-star, but Dave from SRS still laid a nicer weld bead. Note: If any of you Yelpers out there that have a recommendation for an exhaust shop that does above-average work and is not afraid of custom work, please message me.
5	Muffler was verging on falling off, it was horribly loud. Figured it could be welded back on, brought it in, 10 minutes later the problem was fixed and I was on my way.
4	Quick, affordable, good service.Not much else to write about a muffler shop except they didn't try to screw me.  So that's worth 4 stars!
5	Engine light on, and Toyota says $1645 for catalytic converter... hmmm...$240 x2 @ Advanced? Pull up, pull in, zzzzzzzzz (sound of old parts being sawed off), chssssssshhssssh (sound of new parts being welded on), friendly & done with a smile.
4	I had bought a early 90s 4runner on the cheap, knowing it needed some work.  Among other things, it had one hell of an exhaust leak from the rusted out cat.  Advance was able to weld in a replacement that fit my budget and did the work while I waited.  They're my go-to for all things exhaust related now.
5	I have a 95 ford explorer that needs a good muffler Chris installed a flowmaster muffler . Job well done *****this is one place u wanna go first before checking any shop reasonable price and  very good quality of service****
5	Absolutely love these guys, came in for two flowmaster 40's and two magnflow cats.  They took us in quickly, have great prices and fantastic customer service.
5	These guys were great!  Had a suburban with no catalytic converters and a bad muffler.  Hour and a half later the vehicle ran like new!  Very affordable and quick.
5	Found Chris through Yelp.  Shop is clean.  I came in because my mechanic found an exhaust leak, but he doesn't fix kind of problem.  Chris showed me the problem and fixed it in less than 30 minutes.  Afterward, he showed me his work and the welding looked perfect!  I'll definitely be using him again.  I have a 2006 Ford Taurus.
5	I have a 2013 Jeep JK 2 door.  I checked Yelp and found this shop with great ratings and it was close to my home.  My jeep had nothing wrong with it other than the exhaust was to quiet for me.  The staff worked with me on what sound I was looking for and what I would be doing with my jeep.  So I ended up ordering a Flowmaster cat back  with the HP-2.  The staff got the jeep in without an appointment and did the install with welds on all joints no clamps.Great service, great price= a great sounding jeep and a very happy customer.
5	Cris took care of me and from what I see everything looks really clean. This place looks small and only has 1 bay stall but they work quickly to get you in and out. They carry Flowmaster & Magnaflow which are pretty well known company's. If I need more exhaust work done on any of my work trucks in the future I will be back .
5	Was in need of a new exhaust for my 96 Tacoma and found this place thru yelp.  I found the previous reviews to be accurate.  Friendly place, flexible with what you want and they do good work.  Shop is small but clean, and they get you in and out quickly.  I had a new magnaflow muffler installed which took only 20 minutes!  Would definitely recommend this shop for any muffler work.
1	Buying an exhaust system is really hard, mostly because you don't know how its going to sound.  So you rely on the people that work there to provide the best possible solution for what you want.   I explained exactly what I DIDN'T want my car to sound like and the goal of what I was looking for.   However, the result, is exactly what I explained to them I didn't want.Now, the actual work seems to be good (welds, etc), but the outcome is terrible for spending $600+ on a custom exhaust system.  When I called back to express my disinterest in the work performed, they basically said there was not much they could do.  I'm assuming that means that I'll basically have to pay again to rework my exhaust.Now I have a car that I love, but hate to drive.  It seriously makes me cringe every time step on the gas.  Also, after I turn my car off now and leave it in the garage, I have a really bad carbon monoxide smell in my garage and have to leave my garage door cracked until the smell goes away.  I may try to buy some resonators or something and see if that can help, but I won't be bringing them here to get put on.   The only positives I can say is that they did the work pretty quickly as I went and didn't have to wait very long.  The guys were also very nice, but just didn't seem to know what I wanted or how to do it.
5	About 4 years ago, I had them replace my muffler on my 2001 Lexus IS300.  I had no problems or issues with the install and decided to bring my wife's car and my new car there to upgrade the exhaust systems.They did a custom cat back exhaust for our VW for a reasonable price.  They keep enough stock and parts at the shop location so we did not have to wait fir parts.  I strongly recommend this muffler shop to replace or upgrade your current exhaust.
