1	To the Owners: Time to close up shop, sit in the corner of a cold, dark room, and curse the day you thought it would be a super awesome idea to open up a shortbus version of a Taliban gas station. People want this place to burn.
1	what a shit hole!  There is never anything on the shelves.  I'm surprised when I go to pump gas dust doesn't pour out.  This place is so bad it has it's own facebook page with about 2,000 people who agree that it's the worst gas station ever.  EVER!
1	What gas station doesn't have garbage cans at the pumps! Never quick or easy.
2	I find it hilarious that this place has so many reviews.I hate this place. So much. They don't even have a god damn garbage can anywhere in the gas station; the owners take the office's trash home themselves. They also always run out of gas - the people said that they only fill up on the bare minimum for each day to save inventory $$. The car wash doesn't work either. And, don't expect a receipt, because those printers are generally jimmied up.Hungry? Thirsty? Sorry, they probably won't have anything. The shelves are usually bare. BYOB if you need to.These things are a pretty integral part to being a gas station. And they fail at all of them. I've seen them run a garden hose into the gas reservoir - want some gas with your water? Okay, I made that up, but would you be surprised?That being said, I buy gas here much more than anyplace else in Madison. Why? It's right by the capitol and they are consistently very cheap. Oh, and they take credit cards.
1	OK, this is definitely my first review of a gas station, but I thought I would add on to the other negative reviews.I don't know what the story is at this place, but they have an amazingly high traffic, convenient location and they waste it.  Many times, I have pulled in and they have been OUT OF GAS!  It is a gas station, so I think it is pretty important that they keep some gasoline in stock.  Also, if you go inside, they don't really keep anything else in stock either.
3	They just remodeled the inside and now have garbage cans. Praise the lord!
1	This place is clearly some sort of drug front. The pictures from the other reviewers says it all. I was once in line at and the guy in front of me paid with some change for a soda. I was the next in line and the hillbilly clerk starts laughing and says that fu*kin' idiot just gave me a quarter from 1955, this is made from silver. He then put it in his pocket. What an ASSHOLE! Avoid this place at all costs. Also swisher sweets are like $3 a piece here and the other BP on Williamson sells them for $1.
3	Do you need to refuel on your way out of town?  Come here.  It's a gas station.
5	I always liked Marg, the owner, I read in today's paper 12/28/12 she passed away, I am sorry for your loss.
