4	my favorite local chinese restaurant.  there is nothing fancy about the food, but it is always tasty.  the staff is very friendly.  I recommend the honey garlic chicken and the spicy bean curd.
2	Americanized Chinese food that is overwhelmingly average. Enough said.NOTE: I may be spoiled by many trips to Toronto and Windsor for dim sum.
3	Another great place for lunch.  Nothing special, just good food.  Always consistent.  The Mongolian beef and cashew chicken are always good.  They always have good lunch specials.
4	It's hard to find decent Chinese food in the Valley.   They are one of the better ones.  Hot and Spicy Bean Curd was wonderful.
4	This is a great, no-fuss neighborhood place. The staff is friendly; the food is good and consistent. We've tried a few different chicken dishes and they were all very tasty.
4	i have been ordering from here for 2 years, haven't had a bad experience yet, no matter what i order they tell me it will be ready in 10 min, which gives me just enough time to run out the door and get there, it is always perfect never forget a thing.  Family run business explains the quality and consistency.they don't pack their dishes with vegatables, hate it when you have to look for the meat like your digging for a prize, the prices are great and the portions are huge, crab angles are home made and very good......get them! you are about to find your new chinese food spot...and bonus! its right down the street from blockbuster.  ....................do it
4	More than once I've found myself driving fifteen minutes out of my way just to eat here.  Their food is consistently delicious and generously portioned.  The place is clean (usually the opposite is true for good Chinese places) and they have a large fish take, as every respectable Asian establishment should.  Friendly family owned place and the people there speak English (??!!?),  Brilliant.I would highly recommend the soup here.  Mmmm, hot and sour..And it's cheap!  For about $20 you can get a big portion of whatever main dish, rice, fried wontons, an eggroll (the combo), an order of crab rangoon (they call them crab angels and they are AMAZING), and a large thingy of soup.  You can get your food as a combo, rice bowl, or a la carte.And it's quick!  And conveniently located amongst the strip clubs and pawn shops of south Scottsdale.Did I mention they deliver... for free?
2	Not pleased. Yes, they have good portions.  Yes, its cool they deliver and are open til 930 every night.  Yes, the receptionist can speak English, which is not a prejudice comment, just a general fact after calling literally 7 Chinese restaurants who could not understand a single word i was saying. But the food that I received was sub-par.  It just didn't have any flavor!  The pot stickers were way overdone and oh too crunchy on the outside with very little filling on the inside.  The lo mien noodles were...awkward.  Half were bunched together , some were overcooked, some were undercooked; the veggies were waxxy and the beef in it was overcooked and under seasoned.  Seriously you messed up lo mien???  The generals chicken was just OK, not horrible but I've had better.  All in all a poor experience, so bad I didn't even bother with the leftovers, which is usually my favorite part of a good Chinese meal!
4	The menu says , " Finest szechwam, mandarin, and hunan cuisine, in Scottsdale." That may be a personal preference, but their sesame chicken is tremendous. It is not too spicy, no odd additives like vegetables . The portions are ample and required me to take some home (that usually does not happen). The only downfall is that the food is a bit pricey, but totally worth it!
4	I randomly found this place through a couple of friends and it has become one of my FAVORITE Chinese restaurants in AZ. I have driven WAY out of my way to have a taste of there Honey Shrimp. Their cream cheese ragoons A-MAZING and have to order a whole batch for myself. This is no Pei Wei-type fancied-up type pf place. This place is all about the food.
4	I ordered from China Wok for the first time last night, and was very happy with my meal. I'm now a vegetarian, and initially, was slightly depressed by their teeny tiny vegetarian menu. But as it turns out, they're more than happy to substitute meat in most of their entrees for tofu. I ordered the Yu Shang Chicken (with tofu instead of chicken) and it was delicious. Had the right amount of spice, lots of flavor and lots of veggies. It came as a combo with rice, fried wontons and an egg roll. Sadly, they don't have any veggie spring rolls, so I missed out on my tiny fried delight, but was very pleased with the rest of my meal, so I let it slide.
4	I live in the area and get lunch delivered to my house from here anytime im in the mood for chinese. Their spicy house chicken is amazing fried goodness with rice noodles and hot red chili's. They have cheap lunch deals and only require $10 to deliver. Is it the best chinese food in phoenix? No. Is it really good, inexpensive, and available? Yes. Good job China Wok, keep it up.
3	Standard chinese fast food joint... Spicy chicken was not very spicy at all... It was in fact sweet!
5	My only place to go for Chinese food. Sure it is not fancy nor is it very authentic, but if you are looking for something tasty and quick-here it is! They have a fantastic tofu bowl (Hot and spicy bean curd) which is perfectly spiced! Others have tried the meat meals and have never been disappointed. If you're looking to be snooty about your Chinese food, go somewhere else. Otherwise this place is perfect.
5	My Fave Chinese food place. They deliver and and I have also picked up or eaten there. Clean, fast and most of all delish. Love their House rice (I wish I knew ho to make it ;)...). Love all of their chicken dishes, not too crazy about the beef (but I am not a big beef fan anyway, unless it is a really good steak). Like their egg rolls. Wouldn't order form any other place in the area. Wish they were in Phoenix too... TASTY is the word if I had to only use one word....
4	A friend first introduced me to this hole-in-the-wall Chinese food place, and is now one of my favorites! Egg drop soup and Garlic chicken are among my top choices. Clean and friendly!
3	About a year ago I went to China Wok- it was horrible. I would have rated it 1 star had I been a yelper back then. But, the other day, I was looking for a new Chinese food place to order delivery from and accidentally ordered from China Wok. When I hung up the phone I realized what I had done and almost called them back to cancel, but decided to give them a try.... I have to say, it wasn't bad. It wasn't great, but it wasn't bad. The noodles were way overdone, the wantons were inedible, the friend rice was way to salty, but the main dishes made up for it. The Orange Chicken and the Sesame Chicken dishes were both very flavorful and I am pretty sure they were both made with white meat. This place is comparable if not better than any visit to Panda Express. Very much Americanized Chinese food I have to give it 3 stars solely for the main dishes I tried.
3	Better than average American style Chinese food.
3	i really like china wok. like other reviewers have said, it is just average chinese food that delivers.i've ordered many different things and have only been truly disappointed by the Dragon Phoenix Soup. this is gross, but it was the consistency of snot. everything else i've gotten from there has either been exactly what i expected or a pleasant surprise. they deliver and they're usually very quick about it, only had one incident that took more than an hour.i will continue to order from this modest restaurant, it makes me happy.
4	I don't know jack about authentic Chinese food, but if it's been a rough day and I just want to spend the night working down my dvr list then this is the perfect companion.
3	It's good Chinese delivery.  Not the highest quality of food, but you certainly get the value of what you're paying for.  I don't think it's a place I would ever consider dining in at, but when you don't feel like the leaving the house, it's a pizza alternative.Last night we ordered Moo Goo Gai Pan.  It was average.  All though it was big and loaded with chicken, veggies, and white sauce, it was nothing I had to keep eating after having a little less than half the box.  We also had the Chicken Chow Fun.  It was good, but as much has I like that dish, I think Chow Fun tastes the same no matter where you order it.  Nothing was bad, but it's all standard Chinese Delivery/take out.
3	I love this place for delivery chinese.  As everyone else has said, it is decent food, not the best or very authentic, but for delivery chinese it takes the cake.  I love the house special chicken and their rice that comes with the entree is actually very good.  I wouldn't recommend anything off the beef menu and the seafood menu scares me, but the chicken dishes I've tried have all been pretty good.  If you're looking for a decent priced chinese delivery, you'll want to check this place out.
4	I wasn't expecting much, but we were pleasantly surprised by China Wok. The house chicken and house fried rice were great - huge portions! The mongolian beef and eggrolls were just OK, but the egg flower soup was fresh and tasty. The best part? Delivery was SUPER fast.
4	Ok first of all I'm moved from San Francisco to Scottsdale, I always thought that San Francisco has the best Chinese food ever, but last night I looked up for Chinese delivery places and I found this, at first I don't want to order Chinese because I'm in Arizona but I did it anyways so it turns out this Chinese food is so good and cheap.I would totally bring my family here from San Francisco for Chinese food. Definitely 4 stars:3
3	So far this is the only take-out chinese place I can tolerate in Scottsdale.  I would've never though that Nebraska and Iowa's chinese food would be worlds better than a big city like Phoenix, but I haven't found anything that really compares yet.  Anyways, I have tried chicken fried rice, sesame chicken, and sweet & sour.  I always start with the basics with a new place because if they don't have those done, they aren't gonna impress me.  Chicken fried rice is amazing with lots of egg and big chunks of white meat chicken.  The sweet & sour and sesame were just ok.  Portions were small and pieces of chicken were tiny.  But the sauce was good.  I am still on the search for excellent chinese but this place will do for now.
5	I love china wok, been going there for a long time, always fresh! I love any dish I get there!
4	You know what, man?  I LIKE China Wok.  I've been here a few times and whenever I go, I get a mountain of food.  I always forget how big the portions are, so whenever I see the final price at near $10 I'm like, damn, kinda pricey for American Chinese Food... then I get like two deals of rice, an egg roll and a fortune cookie that doesn't tell me any sort of fortune whatsoever ("the closes distance between friends is laughter...." but what does my future hold, cookie?!).Inside is totally fine.  I've been to a lot of quick-stop Chinese food places with flickering lights that hum nauseatingly and have a dirty fish tank with a single beta fish who I can tell is contemplating suicide.  Here, though, the inside is a little cheesy but it's clean, fun and doesn't make my head split open.They also deliver, which is always good to know.  Also, in the shame shopping center is a 4:20 evaluations thing, so if you're suffering chronic pain, you can self-medicate and then nom out with your, uh... mom out?
4	This place is great!  My husband and I ordered the other night and were pleasantly surprised!  Great food, great pricing and quick, friendly delivery.  I will note that the gentleman on the phone was pleasant and spoke English very well - we have had some issues in the past with communication break-downs so this was totally a bonus.
2	It was just fine for delivery. It took them almost an hour to deliver but they were courteous and helpful on the phone. The food was just fine. I ordered the large chicken and broccoli (it comes with white meat) and asked if that came with rice. Well it does, but only a tiny pint. The egg drop soup was sub-standard.Just moved to Phoenix and will probably keep looking for other chinese delivery places.
5	China Wok...You're like a good friend I can always count on! I get delivery from here usually once a week, or whenever I'm feeling down in the dumps. Yes, the food isn't amazing or super authentic, but it's really tasty. And affordable. AND- what's really important- the food is always piping hot when it's delivered! I usually get the broccoli beef, house spicy chicken or sesame chicken, and either the hot and sour soup or egg drop. It's all good!
3	My hubby and I order from China Wok when we are just too wiped out from work to worry about dinner.  Vegan stuff for me, meat stuff for him.  Everything is always pretty much fine.  They do have a pretty long delivery time, but they let you know while your on the phone what eta to expect.  The delivery person is always nice. No complaints.
2	They are ok If you just need something delivered fast but don't want pizza. Other than that the food was not great and barely good.
2	Wontons were mush, and tasted terrible.  The rest of the Wor Wonton soup was really good however.  Wierd.  The King Triple Delight was just so-so.   Very average, not great flavor, but not bad.  Other than the inedible wontons in the wonton soup, just a meh rating from me.  They were nice, but I won't return.
3	I use this Place for delivery whenever I don't want Pizza or Burgers. The food is fine not the best but for the price its just fine. Plus delivery is fast.
5	i liked this place, i lived over close to scottsdale road for over 3 years and always occasionally had lunch here and also did dinner a few times when i was on the go i would totally return here if i lived in that area still awesome place
4	I ordered delivery for the first time here tonight. Placing an order was a breeze, the employee spoke perfect English. They quoted me 30-45 minutes but showed up in 25. Oddly enough I enjoyed everything about the meal except the actual entree. My hot and sour soup was very good and the egg roll and various fried wontons included were also quite good. I loved that they gave you an actual cup of sweet and sour sauce for dipping rather than just the little packets. I ordered the house spicy chicken and I didn't love it. There wasn't anything wrong with it per se but I just don't think I cared for it that much. It didn't seem much like an Asian inspired dish. The chicken itself was all white meat and of high quality so I am looking forward to ordering again but trying a different chicken dish. The fried rice was very forgettable, I will stick with steamed rice in the future. I've tried nearly all the Chinese delivery places in the area and this one is by far the best. I've found my new go-to Chinese delivery place.
4	I was skeptical about this place based on the reviews but since chinese food in Scottsdale is slim pickin's we decided to try it and were pleasantly surprised! Egg drop soup, crab angels, sweet and sour chx, and sesame chx... all good. Finally a decent place to order take-out from!:)
1	While I will admit that I can sometimes be overly picky when it comes to chinese food, this place was AWFUL!  I ordered Orange Chicken, expecting a dark glazed piece of fried chicken with a spicy bite at the end, and what I received were fried chicken pieces with orange juice poured on top.  I was told this was by far the best chinese food in Phoenix, and I couldn't disagree more.  Take my advice - go somewhere else!
2	{Actual Date of Visit: 12/14/2011}I ordered the Hot & Spicy Bean Curd.  It was ok...  I'm still annoyed by the fact that decently priced combo specials in AZ are few and far between.  When I asked to substitute the white rice for fried rice, they told me I would have to make a side-order.  What is up with that out here?  Can't you just charge me extra? I KNOW for a fact that you have a big VAT of fried rice sitting in the back...Don't front like you make it fresh per order.  Anyway, I decided on the rice bowl size.  The meal was fine, just uneventful and a really small portion for almost $7.  Next...
4	It's REALLY hard to find good Chinese food around the South Scottsdale or Arcadia area. This place is the best of everything I've tried around here.I would recommend their Spicy House Chicken. It's lightly battered chicken in a spicy honey sauce and just hits the spot with you're craving Chinese takeout. Their egg rolls are pretty good along with their sweet and sour sauce too. My boyfriend recently had the egg drop soup which he said was really tasty.They're super fast with takeout too - I called during the week recently and it was ready in 10 minutes.
2	Based on the Szechwan Chicken and the Spicy Chicken dishes two stars seems about right.The menu here states that the spicy chicken would be in a bean sauce but we received it in approximately eighty percent sriracha sauce and the rest was mostly oil. This was the better dish.The Szechwan Chicken I couldn't eat because it was extremely sweet and could have passed for a dessert sauce.Both meals were made with nicely cooked white meat chicken. The vegetables in both dishes were bell peppers, onions and mushrooms that were a good ratio. They gave us two plates of white rice that were approximately three cups each.Maybe other dishes on the menu are better I don't know.This place is very casual you order at the counter and seat yourself.I do note this place is very clean and spotless.
2	I ordered my food an hour and 17 minutes ago.  I'm so hungry, why won't you bring me my food?I get it, you're probably busy, then don't take my order.  I'll come pick it up, I promise.edit: Called them once at an hour and once at an hour 20, each time they said he just left 5 minutes ago. Totally ridiculous, I will never order from them again. The teriyaki chicken skewers were really good though, so I'll give them 2 stars, but barely.
4	Tasty tasty tasty, and speedy delivery. I have regularly had them arrive early with my order. Try the honey garlic chicken, it's fantastic. It only costs a little more to get the entrees with noodles instead of rice, which I infinitely prefer. The Hawaiian shrimp fried rice is also really good. If you're looking for something lighter, their healthy menu, while it lacks the yummy sauces which are the tempting side of Chinese food,  is always freshly prepared, the vegetables at just the right texture.
5	I love this place. Fast, tasty and affordable. It's clean and their specials are great, I like the egg rolls and their honey garlic sauce it delish. Go check them out!
3	I came here with a few friends about a week ago for dinner. I ordered the egg drop soup and broccoli with chicken. Overall, it was good but not great. The egg drop soup was extremely hot, even 20 minutes after I got it, but was ok tasting. The broccoli and chicken was good just had too much sauce for my taste. I'd probably have lunch here next time instead of dinner.
4	I LOVE their House chicken. If you call in your order, it's almost always ready within 10 minutes. Also, the ladies who work the front are super friendly!
1	We decided not to order from Malee's because we wanted something a bit cheaper. God, that was a mistake.I ordered the spicy chicken combo. I asked for noodles instead of rice. Crazy.. I know.Pick up the food, take it home, open the container, get immediately pissed off. They didn't mix the noodles with the chicken and sauce and the noodles were so overcooked they might as well have been liquified. And I swear to God, they were spaghetti noodles.(white people problems.. Yeah yeah yeah)I was so grossed out and annoyed that I didn't eat any of it. I hopped in the car and went straight to Malee's where they know how to cook noodles. My boyfriend ended up eating the nasty, pathetic overcooked bland noodles the next day and he wasn't too thrilled with it either. And I quote "it's just something to eat".Ps. They have a fish tank stuffed with two HUGE koi that hardly have any room to turn around. Is that the fish special? Or do they just enjoy animal cruelty. NEVER GOING BACK.
2	We went here a couple days ago and I wasn't impressed. I thought it was a nicer restaurant, but it ended up being like a fast food restaurant. We called in an order and asked for Mongolian beef and a separate order of fried rice. When we went to go pick up the order, he said there was 2 scoops of fried rice inside that came with the meal. Thank goodness we ordered egg rolls and some crab ragoon (which were good)  because if we only had a scoop of rice and the small portion of Mongolian beef we would of not been satisfied. I probably would not recommend going here again.
2	The food I was served was nasty.  I will not go back there.
4	Had take out twice so far.... I'm fairly impressed! 3 great entrees so far.
5	My diet is 95% chicken and rice, so when I can't make it at home I go to rice bowl restaurants. The only problem with this is I am weirdo when it comes to hot food and styrofoam. When in contact with hot food it  leaches neurotoxins styrene and benzene. Very very bad so stop drinking coffee and eating food from styrofoam. Anyway I asked them to put my hot chicken and rice into one of their ceramic bowls and although not understanding why, they happily complied. Thank you China Wok I will be back often just because of this. Oh and my food was good :)
5	My boyfriend and I go to China Wok every time we visit Scottsdale. It's a 30 minute drive from where we stay but it's definitely worth it. The crab angels are AMAZING and they make Honey Garlic Chicken which I have never seen at another restaurant. I've tried quite a few of the menu items and I've never been disappointed. They have average pricing and the restaurant itself is nothing special but it's all about the food.
1	Usually when I eat here, my food is good. However, today I ordered from here and the food deserved zero stars. I ordered their General Tso Chicken. I mean, I can't believe they even served me the food that they did. The rice was over cooked and extremely sticky and the chicken was so dry, almost inedible. I would not recommend this place to anyone. If you're looking for decent Chinese in the south Scottsdale area, go to New China Gate on McDowell/Hayden.
1	If you are a Chinese food junkie like me, try another spot. This is the kind of place which gives Chinese food a bad name. Over-fried, greasy and downright tasteless. I had the Kung Pao combo.... the Kung Pao sauce was a gelatinous mess with everything from zucchini to bell peppers thrown in. It was actually hard to tell where the chicken was hiding. The "alleged" fried rice was still in the shape of the ice cream scoop when it arrived. The "fried" rice had fused into a starchy ball. And did I mention the egg roll. Hmmm, maybe I did't because it was one bite......and off to the trash.
3	This is a typical 'chicken/beef soaked in sauces' Chinese delivery place, but they are quick and friendly. The price is reasonable and there aren't many areas one can complain about. I ordered, as per other user's suggestions, the honey garlic chicken. They don't combine the rice with the meat so they are left separate--I prefer it like this. I ordered the 'combo' which came with an egg roll and three things they called cream cheese wontons. Unfortunately they didn't contain any cream cheese, definitely skip those. The portions were more than enough to feed me this time, and I was damn hungry.
4	I ordered steamed dumplings, Kung Pao Chicken, and Hot and Sour soup. The lady was very nice on the phone and they got my order exactly.The food came when they said it would and it was hot! The ingredients definitely taste fresh and the food was well made. My only complaint is that the H&S soup was a little too salty for my tastes. Regardless, I'll definitely order from here again! :3
5	I've been eating at China Wok for years and years. I've always been blown away with how delicious and fresh everything tastes, as well as how quick the delivery is. I've never been disappointed with their food, even after having eaten their food at least 100 times.I usually try to broaden out from my favorite menu items, but I find myself gravitating back to them. The lettuce wraps are VERY underrated and you get enough in one order to eat as a meal for one or two people. You get a big container filled with whole lettuce leaves and a giant bowl containing a mix of grilled meat, crunchy veggies, and little noodles. It's actually quite sweet and that pairs well with the taste and freshness of the lettuce leaves.Broccoli beef is always just the right amount of sweet, salty, and savory. It's one of my all-time stand-bys.The honey-garlic chicken is flat-out amazing - my girlfriend orders it every single time we go. It's a tangy, sweet, and ooey-gooey dish.But the best two things on their menu, by far, are the crab wontons and steamed dumplings. You owe it to yourself to try these, as well as the lettuce wraps.Overall, it's one of my favorite places to eat, anywhere.  And since I don't live in Scottsdale currently (coming back soon), it saddens me to see the locals where I live think the mediocre Chinese food they eat is any good. When I come for visits, I now bring my friends to China Wok with me and they finally understand how good Chinese food can be.
3	The yellow curry was actually red and it was covered with red chili pepper. It was too damn hot for me and I couldn't eat it. They were nice enough to offer to make me something else, which I took them up on it. I ordered General Tso chicken and was much milder.
2	The lunch specials aren't so bad.... But the food is your typical fast food Chinese place. Greasy, saucy, mediocre. Try the sesame chicken. The pepper steak is really overly sauced up but not too bad. The fried wontons are yummy but the egg rolls are super bland.   This place is good for hangover food or a good place to stop if you want really unhealthy Chinese to hit the spot.... I've had this feeling one too many times. Order on line and pick it up or they also deliver. Ummm side note... What's up with the HUGE goldfish looking thing in the fish tank? It's seriously too big to even swim in a tank that small. It literally can't move. I know it's just a fish but I feel like this is animal abuse.
5	I love this Chinese food! We always order sweet and sour chicken, sesame chicken and Mongolian beef. The food is delicious and definitely way better than your average Chinese delivery spot. Yum!
5	Felt like writing an update... I had not been for more then a year.. Had to run an errand and passing by it was the perfect time to remind myself how good this food is! It is more then good!!! I ordered the Spicy Kung Pao chicken... and let me tell you.. this dish packed some heat... and I who will always whine on how I like spicy...but can't eat it.. basically licked that box clean! So, so , so good.. Full of flavor. Best chinese food - hands down. The ladies in the shop were very nice as always. I only wish you were closer to work, or home or anywhere I felt like ordering Chinese!
1	TERRIBLE. The food was just the worst. They have a HUGE KOI fish in a tank with other large fish and the poor thing can't even turn around. FIND THAT FISH AN APPROPRIATE HOME!!! Don't go here people.. Between the AWFUL food and animal abuse, skip it! My search for good Chinese food continues.
5	I love china wok!! Ever since moving out here's years ago I've been looking for a good Chinese food place in Arizona and when I found china wok I stopped looking. I have to have it at least 3 times a week. They know my order I go so much.  Everything is fresh and they make it quick.
4	The quality of the food was very good.  This is more of a take out restaurant than a sit down.
4	Ordered this last Friday night. It was cheap, delicious, and literally only took like 15-20 minutes to get to us. I ordered the kung pao chicken and my boyfriend got the general tsos chicken. Both were good and had a good level of spiciness. I liked the egg rolls too, the combo is a good, cheap deal. Anyway, we'll be ordering from here again because it was sooo fast. I love that!
4	This is probably the best tasting and fastest Chinese food delivery available in old town Scottsdale. The portions are big, so split one dinner and one appetizer and you're all set. The house fried rice was a little dry but flavorful, egg drop soup is packed with goodness (not just broth), the pot stickers are freaking amazing, egg rolls are very good too with extra hot mustard. *Lunch specials are the way to go before 3pm.
5	Very good reliable Chinese delivery. They always get the order right and the food is great. The wonton soup is great and the ingredients in it are fresh.
3	I've never had a bad meal here, but I've never had anything that made me wanting to come back the next day.  This is probably a bit of a safer pick than yummy yummy up the street.  The lunch specials are decent while I think the dinner menu really isn't that great of a deal.  They have always gotten my order right and service is always prompt, but the one word best to describe them is decent.
3	Chinese is Chinese and I have bad, disgusting and have had tasteless crap but this was tasty and speedy delivery and can't say anything bad!
1	I'm saddened to give this a poor review. One stars is a huge overshot but zero was not possible....We veered off from Yummy Yummy to try something more "traditional"....what a MISTAKE! We love Yummy Yummy, next time we'll stick with what we know....We ordered Won Ton Soup, Chow Fun (not so fun), General Tso's Chicken and Cashew Chicken....in a nutshell, there was something wrong with every dish except for the soup, which, contrary to what I'm posting, was delicious.The Chow Fun was very overdone, so much so that the noodles were breaking up and the vegetables in it were turning from their bright, friendly colors to a dim, sad mess....I do agree that the pork was cooked good, but it had a fishy undertone that tells me it was cooked after some fish or shrimp dish which carried over the taste into the noodles.Don't get me started on the General Tso's Chicken (soggy, drenched in sauce)....Cashew Chicken (also fishy) and even those things so simple, like deep frying the Crab Rangoon and Egg Rolls were a huge MISS! The oil (which they said was changed daily, I highly doubt, even the best restaurants with the highest table turns don't change it but once a week!)....the oil was changed daily but the food told me otherwise: dark brown in color....no better than Panda Express if you ask me.We really put our best foot forward with ordering from China Wok. As I said, we normally order from Yummy Yummy....and have never been disappointed. Why we took a journey to an unfamiliar restaurant, I'll never know....but this insures that we are devoted to them and would sadly, never go back to China Wok unless they got their act together!
5	I love this place! I've eaten here a million times and I always forget to leave a review because I'm too busy eating their yummy food to thinking clearly enough to type anything.  I'm a sucker for their appetizers and could easily eat nothing but food off the appetizer menu.I like it here so much that twice I've driven the 20 miles away from my house to get food here. Although generally I try to only eat here when near work, but there are a few times where the cravings are so strong I can't resist.And their chicken sticks, so yum! When I bring them home my pit bull starts circling me like a shark.  I just want to strap a fin to her back and let her go at it circling the table.She's yet to kill me over these sticks because she knows if she gives giant puppy eyes enough, I'm lame and I'll cave into giving her a taste. But let's just say if I was choking, she'd use the opportunity to jump on the table and take my food rather than pull a Lassie and get me help.  She loves me, but she loves this food more.
3	So after a long day at work, I was feeling a little peckish and truly felt like some Chinese food. So, I came here to "Yelp" to read a few reviews and decided on this place not too far from my flat.  The food wasn't bad at all.  The "House Special" fried rice was really very good as well as the Salt and Garlic wings.  I will definitely be eating here again.
5	Excellent Delivery Chinese Food. Comes Hot & Fast!!! Honey Garlic II is the best!!!!! Love the crab angels too! Everything we have tried has been delicious. We are bummed because we moved from the area and miss ordering China Wok.
2	I'm completely torn as to how to review this.  I live less then two miles from the location, but I understand that in the area...Chinese delivery choices are somewhat limited on a Friday night, so when I was quoted a one hour delivery time, I thought "Not too bad."  An hour passed...no delivery.  An hour and twenty minutes passed, and now the phone is busy so I can't check on my order...an hour and forty minutes passed, no way to check on my order, cancel it, and now there's no one in the area who still delivers...two and a half hours after my order was placed (and after China Wok itself has been closed for ten minutes), the delivery man knocks on my door.My issue is that while I was completely frustrated with the delivery service, it's the best Chinese food I've eaten since moving to Arizona.  While the pan fried dumplings were...okay, but not spectacular...their dipping sauce is amazing.  The crab angels were great!  And honestly, by the time I was done with appetizers, my actual combo got put into the fridge for late night snacking at another time, though I stole one taste and it, too, was amazing (General Tso's Chicken).Will I order again?  Definitely, but only if I can pick it up myself.
4	As a first timer, this was good for lunch. Nothing fancy, but the food was hot and yummy. A side note; the fish in the fish tank creep me out. They are Huge and way too large to enjoy life in the small tank... Just saying.
3	I came here the other night with my boyfriend for some late night Chinese food. It was just your typical take out Chinese, nothing special. I got the beef with vegetables combo and egg drop soup. I liked the soup, but felt there was too much sauce with the meat. It was a bit pricey for mediocre Chinese, but they give really big portions. I will probably be back if I had a late night craving, but I'm not DYING to go back.
4	I was surprised how good this place was. I happened to be in the area and was feeling Chinese so I decided to give it a shot. Everyone I was with loved their food and we all plan on going back. I tried their lemon chicken and chicken fried rice... Delicious! I'd recommend this place if you feel like Chinese and are in the area definitely try it.
5	House fried rice is awesome. Delivery is fast and still hot. Add a little soy sauce and siracha and you're in fried rice heaven.
1	I wasn't surprized, I was shocked.  Forget the Egg Foo Young!I've ordered from China Wok a couple of times before, and was never impressed.  I should have given it up!  I just received a delivery order from them and essentially wasted my money.  To give them credit, the food arrived more quickly than the 45-60 minute widow they indicated, and was piping hot.  The Egg Foo Young however was the WORST I have ever tasted.Now, I am not a food snob, but I have been eating Egg Foo Young since my childhood, and eaten it at many places as well as prepared at home.  I've had it good, I've had it greasy, and I've had it soggy, but I've never had anything even remotely resembling what I got today.  I opened the box and based on what I beheld, thought I'd received the wrong meal.  The egg foo young patties themselves, at first glance, looked like uniformly round batter fried eggplant slices.  I cut, with difficulty, into one of the patties (it was tough) and the inside looked like a meat patty - nothing egg colored or even remotely yellow about it.  The color was like a well done hamburger - gray.  I tasted it and it certainly didn't tase like Egg Foo Young, nor did it taste good.  It was like a bite of a dense veggie patty.  Awful.  I checked all three patties and they were the same, and inedible as far as I was concerned.So on the chance that they had sent me the wrong order, I called the restaurant and told them I thought I had the wrong order.  She verified that the right thing had been sent.  I said "but this seems like a tough meat pattie of some sort.  I've never seen Egg Foo Young like this."  Her response was "that is how we prepare Egg Foo Young".So, word of warning - that is how they prepare Egg Foo Young.  Order something else, or just stay away completely.  In my experiences with Cina Wok, you can never be quite sure what you are going to get.  This was just bad enough that I HAD to write a review.  I wish there were zero stars.
4	I decided to try this place for delivery.  Results were good; I ordered Szechuan chicken. The meat was very well cooked and tasted great with plenty of veggies. It was spicy, and that's the way I like it!Girlfriend ordered the Kung pao, was also spicy and good. Overall, Would order again!
1	China Wok is getting 1 star simply because of extremely poor service.  Some of my coworkers ordered lunch delivered, as they do many times a month.  One of the orders were missing so we called the restaurant.  Not only did they want to charge extra to bring the correct food, they asked for the incorrect order back!!  We will never order from this restaurant again.  I also plan to alert the several hundred employees that work in this building of the poor service.
3	Nice options for plate size (rice bowl, and then larger full meal options). They are always friendly and pretty fast when you go in. The first time I ate there my spicy dish (which I knew would have spice) was covered with red pepper flakes, so there wasn't much flavor except spicy, and I can usually take heat. The second time, I got the same thing, and asked if they could make it half as spicy. The flavor of the dish was good but my chicken didn't taste as cooked as it should've. All in all, it is a decent place, with good prices. Oh, and delivery is free if you place an order greater than $10-$12.
4	simple and yummy. Fried rice is the bomb...they give you a lot of food for your order.
5	Fantastic!!! Just had the cho fung and hot and sour. Fat delivery, big portions, quality food. Awesome! This is my second of many deliveries!!!!
4	This place is not spectacular, but it's probably the best Chinese delivery option in town.
4	This review is based on the food alone. Per a friend's recommendation, we went by and got takeout. I ordered the Kung Pao chicken combo which came with the Kung Pao chicken, an egg roll, two wontons, & fried rice. The fried rice was cooked and seasoned well, but it was a little bit on the salty side. The chicken itself was delicious. It was spicy but I enjoyed it, and the best part was that it was full of vegetables & peanuts. They definitely didn't skimp on the portion side. The egg roll & wontons were just okay.I didn't order the crab angels but my friends did & I definitely regretted that. They were large & full of the cream cheese & tasted great with the sweet and sour sauce.We will be back.
1	BEWARE!  They say free local delivery, only 2 miles away, tried to add $3.00 onto my bill!  Thankfully I caught it and cancelled the order.  They said 2 miles is was VERY, VERY far away.
5	Always great food!Tonight I ordered delivery . Food was delivered by a very nice lady. I apologize I did not get her name. Wish everyone was as nice as her!Black pepper chicken, beef chow mein, pot stickers and free crab puffs what was for dinner! We loved everything.I love the bar when I actually go in- and need to go more often. To the delivery lady - you rock! :)
4	Normally they have good food and I've been many times. I must say don't get the curry chicken. A seven year old could make a better sauce. Super bland, small kick, taste like spiced chicken base. However, I do give 4 stars to their normal food. Personally, I've still had better chinese food ... But they are close and deliver!
5	Picked lunch up for the office and everyone was impressed! Their big portions make it nice so that we can all share! We ordered Moo Shoo Pork, Sweet & Sour Chicken, Fried Rice, Crab Puffs, Egg Rolls and Won Ton Chips. We'll be ordering from China Wok again!  -Momentum Brokers
4	my favorite Chinese spot. generous portions always fresh and great service
4	The food was enjoyable.Place is attractive with large menu selection. Food is attractively presented. The people are friendly if you are friendly.I will be trying and enjoying other entrees. I had steamed dumplings and they were very good.Not home made in China but very good.I also had Jalapeno Shimp which was also very good.I expected at least spicy instead of mild but did not reduce enjoyment. In looking at reviews do not know why people comment on fish tank?  Large Koi is healthy, turns with no problem.Large Plecostamus is fine.No nipping and Guaramis play a lot of tag. Silver Dollars seem to have gone to school and the Lionhead is not big on takeout. Probably preferred drink is bubble up.
1	Found a place plastic coated wire in my food delivered last night. I'm disgusted and will never eat this food again!
4	I've been eating at this place for months, and they never disappoint. They ALWAYS deliver quickly. The main dishes (fried rice, General Tso's entrees, etc) are always fantastic. They're hot and fresh. However, the side dishes (the egg rolls, dumplings, soup) are always sub-par. The egg rolls are dry, the dumplings are cold, the soups are cold, and it's just not...great. The solution? I order only the main dishes. If you haven't tried China Wok, do it. Just stick with the entrees.
4	Very nice staff considering the aesthetics of the little place. And the service is super fast! ....very impressive! The food, curry chicken and the hot and sour soup, was like none other. This "small shop" of an establishment did the dang thang ok! I'm a fan!They deliver as well; I'll try the service out whenever I get a Chinese food craving again.
1	Unfortunately, a roach crawled across the windowsill at the table as we were finishing eating our lunch today. We went based on the positive yelp reviews and are regretting our choice now. The food was decent but not worth the experience of seeing a roach after eating most of a plate of food.
4	Recommend, ordered delivery from here when I was working late and the food was great.  Had orange chicken, egg foo young, egg rolls, and white and brown rice.
