5	I am currently enrolled as a student at MFCI just about to graduate. Dion (the owner of MFCI and my instructor) is so knowledgable, talented, and experienced in this industry and she takes the time to make sure you get the best out of her school. The training is one on one and you get to make your own schedule for when you want to go. She has really made a large impact on me and I feel as though I have become a completely different person than what I was when I started the school. By working one on one with her she has really brought out all of my natural talent and passion for this industry. I have never had an instructor like her before, one that cares so much for her students, making sure you are using your skills to the absolute best of your abilities. To me, this is more than a school, her positivity that she has and the constant encouragement she shows to her students is incomparable. Like I said earlier, I have grown so much as a person just by attending her school and now with graduation nearing am more excited than ever before to move on to my professional career in this industry. Lastly, if you are looking for a makeup and fashion school look no further than MFCI!
5	I was able to work with two incredibly great women here, Dion and Joanne. Their work is amazing! I've worked with other makeup artists, but they have to be my favorite by far, their creations were beautiful. They are very professional, but still make you feel comfortable. To anyone that is in need of a makeup artist or in need of some makeup classes, this is a great institute!
4	My name is AK Mack, Academy Director of Education of T&G. Our students were asked to do the "Pre-game" show for Hair Wars over at the W a few weeks ago and it was critiqued as being a success. However, I have to inform everyone that it would not have been as successful w/o the MFCI crew. In particular Dion really lead her team and a few of our students to do exceptional makeup. Dion expects the best out of everyone around her regardless of  their level of "expertise"... whether professional or student...male or female...director or not(lol).I was impressed with Dion's follow-through. I gave her scheduled dates of when I thought the makeup team should meet and she made every single one.I look forward to working with Dion and her team again because she's a professional and she's an excellent role model for young females trying to find their way up the ladder of success in this industry and in life.I really respect Dion for what she has created over at MFCI. And you know what...?I really like her, too.:-)
