5	When I made the decision to buy my first drone, I was surprised to find out there was a store in town that carried the model I was looking for.  I thought I could only get it online.  These guys are very friendly and knowledgeable.  The assistant manager, Randall, is awesome.  He answered all my questions and made sure I knew what I was getting myself into with this fun (but expensive :-) hobby.  I felt very comfortable buying my drone from here.  About a week into owning it, there was a slight issue with my drone.  Randall and his crew immediately took care of it quickly and painlessly.  I will definitely come back to this store any time.
1	So here's my account of a hobby shop that truly needs to  reassess their core values. I walked into this store before they were even opened on Father's Day weekend. How we found the store was through searching online for a DJI distributor in Vegas. I find that people who buy DJI products really need guidance on usage and training hence why we were looking for a store front to stop by and ask questions. All we could find was USHobby shop, turns out they are just an online store and Drones Plus is their store front that was to be opened a few weeks later.Well, my father and I walked into to what we thought would be a pleasant experience. Most hobby store experiences are welcoming. To our dismay we were greeted by the owner, Mike, who stroked his own ego almost every 5 minutes. He came off as arrogant, unfriendly, and quite frankly rude. He told us how he was the head of Sales and how he knew everything about DJI products.I came in for two reasons: one was to ask about why one of my motors seems to have different resistance than the other three to which Mike just told me to buy a new motor and wasn't interested in helping diagnose the problem. His tech guy also had no answers for me... all he said was "umm... you should be fine as long as it doesn't make any weird sound". Secondly, I was interested in extending the range of my Phantom vision+ to which Mike replied "Why would you want to do that?" And brushed the question off. He kept trying to rush us out the door.I understand they were a week shy of their grand opening, however there was no need for their "head of sales" to be rude to potential customers. Talk about terrible people skills, not sure he has ever had a job in sales considering how he treated us. He was very condescending in almost every response he gave us and made us feel extremely uncomfortable.Worst part of all... a few weeks later my motor failed, thankfully it failed during pre flight testing and not 100 ft up. I hope another store opens up in Vegas soon because I wouldn't ever come back so long as Mike is running sales. Future hobbyists beware!
5	I went into the store looking to get more information regarding drones that I have been researching online. I stopped off just to get some basic information with no intention on making a purchase. I was in the store for over an hour having all my questions answered by the manager named Mike. It got to the point where I made the decision to purchase a Phantom 2 vision plus. I have been on the fence about purchasing a drone but after having all my questions answered I made the decision to go ahead and make the purchase. It is exactly what I was looking for and he took the time to show me how to operate and take care of the drone. I was very impressed with the store and the help i received and recommend those in the market for a drone go in and check this place out.
5	Looking for people who know what they are talking about Drones Plus employees are full of knowledge and TRULY have the BEST customer service skills I have encountered. Ask for Jason or Mike they will be able 2 help you with all your questions again THANK YOU everyone @ Drones Plus.
5	A great local place to get your DJI phantom. Customer service is superb and very knowledgable staff. Will definitely do business with them again. Great technical support too. You know what you are getting rather then purchasing online.
5	I was so thrilled to find actually live support here in town for my DJI Phantom 2 Vision+!  These guys are helpful and patient on the phone, and if you come into their office they are not only the same, but they're happy to answer question after question you may have about flying, about the software, and about settings on the controller itself.  Customer support TRULY doesn't get better than this!My latest experience with them required me to leave my quadcopter in their care to replace a broken camera.  Not only was it returned repaired, but they hurried to get it done so I could show it off to visiting family members.  What more could you want?This is a great team.  Michael, the manager, and the staff are warm and welcoming.  You feel you are truly in great hands.
5	I bought my DJi Phantom Vision Plus from Drones Plus and anytime I've had issues with it, they've either helped me over the phone or I brought it in and their customer service is excellent. Highly recommended!
5	I wanted to purchase a phantom 2 vision plus. I looked on the internet and ended up calling Drones Plus. I spoke with Mike in sales and was very pleased with his knowledge and helpfulness in the purchase of my Phantom. A couple of weeks after I received ( I received the Phantom from the store in two days after the sale ) I needed help with binding a new camera I had purchased. I spoke with a Ms Sarah that was so pleasant and helpful with some answers. Then she connected me with technical support I spoke with Jeremiah who also so pleasant and helpful together we fix the problem. I thought that that was the end of this call but I was happy to hear Randall didn't just hang up he took the time to explain a few things to look out for and information on the Phantom that was very useful. I want toThank all. bobnliz
5	Made a purchase through their online store (UShobby.com) and had an issue with my P2. Was on a tight schedule to get it up and running for a job, so I decided to drive it into the store instead of shipping back(I'm from Orange County). Best decision ever. Came in right at opening and dropped it off. Got a call around 3pm-ish, apparently the actual P2 had some kind of malfunction, so they replaced it with a brand new one. By 4:30pm the same day, I had a setup that was good to go. Couldn't ask for more. I also purchased an iOSD mini and they did a clean install. Hands down, I'll be coming back if I need anything else. If you're in the market for a drone, this shop is the place to go.
5	Great customer service!
5	Took my #dji to the doctor it was feeling a little sick, the guys at @dronesplusvegas got it back running to its peak performance again!!! #dronesplus #bestserviceever #quick turnaround #dronespluslasvegas #speedyrecovery  #dronespluslv  #bestintown
5	The largest drone store in Vegas!  They have helped so much getting started into aerial photography.  They will answer all your questions and get you the correct gear.  Not to mention they amazing customer service but they prices are competitive.
5	Great experience  .. will do business  again !
5	Great service and great hobby!Drones Plus is an authorized DJI dealer.  DJI is a great drone product.  Definitely a fun hobby to get take up.  Service here has been excellent every time we stopped in.  Randal and Mike were both helpful and professional.  They were quite knowledgeable of the products.  The store is definitely clean.  There aren't too many options on the display tables but I guess you only stop in this store for one thing.  My husband is one happy shopper which makes me smile.  Do you want a new hobby?  It's definitely a fun one!
5	I purchased a phantom 2 from here last october.   Mike and the whole team was very helpful.  I have been back multiple times and it always is a pleasant  experience.
