2	Ohh I wish there was a different hardware store in Maricopa.  The most annoying part of this Ace Hardware is how they ask you every 2 minutes if you need help.  Annoying if you have already told several of them "NO", and in most cases the same person several time.   Most people either know what they are looking for, or have the common sense to ask.  If im not in a rush ill drive into town as opposed to go here.  Most items are overpriced compared to home depot or lowes
2	I absolutely dread coming to this store.  Maricopa can't get a Home Depot or Lowes quick enough.  Its nice they are here for extreme emergencys, but if given the option I will drive into town every time.  The employees must have some rule they have to ask you if you need help if they get within 10ft of you (even if they heard someone else ask you, or they just asked you) gets so annoying.  Their prices are also higher than home depot or lowes
4	Given the alternative of driving into Chandler or Casa Grande to hit a big box store like Home Depot or Lowe's, I'm very happy having a local Ace store.  Yes, the employees DO constantly ask if you are finding everything OK.  Whether this is out of genuine concern or some corporate mandate to decrease shrink, it really doesn't matter to me.  At least they are always there if you need them.  You can't get that from an orange apron.  Ace is overpriced by comparison, but they also carry many items that you don't have a chance in the world finding elsewhere.I had Ace build and install my solar screens on my home.  I am very happy with the way they turned out and are working.  A recent dust storm took one of the screens down the street and destroyed it.  A quick call to the store and I was all set up with a new order for the screen, and we worked out a deal, as the install had only taken place this past spring.   I was expecting a "well, we can't just be giving these away" conversation, but what I got was great customer service.So, that's why I go back!  And the kids like the popcorn (nice touch).
4	Everyone in the store is helpful and if they dont have it or can't do it they have always given me a number of someone local that can! Found our locksmith from them. They are helpful and the military discount on Wednesday and the free popcorn is always good! Great for small things needed for repairs and they have a little bit of everyhting.
4	It's funny what some think is annoying, others really like.  I like them asking if they can help.  It's so refreshing compared to most other stores where you have to hunt down someone to ask help and then are told "its not their department".   The only place I don't like to be approached and constantly asked if they can help is while shopping for a car. LOL  Anyway, great place if you aren't headed into Chandler or Casa Grande, and yes they are a bit overpriced, but then again so are Walgreens and any other "smaller" store.  Glad they are in Maricopa.
4	Terrific service!  Knowledgeable friendly staff.  They pretty much have everything you could need.I would give them 5 stars except their prices are unreasonable.  As they're the only place in town, sometimes it makes sense to pay the inflated price and save a drive into Phoenix.  Oh, and their lumber is subpar.  Really the worst you can find....  warped and knotty.
3	The people are very helpful prices are very high Maricopa needs a Home Depot or a second choice for a store
4	Wonderful employees. Prices are very very high.
1	This ACE is the place with the Non Helpful hardware man.... They have a piss poor attitude to which I think is because they are the only hardware store in Maricopa, I would rather drive to Home Depot on Ray Rd. And I-10 before I have to deal with these old crabby people that give you the impression you are bothering them....
3	Ace is a convenient stop for any odds and ends needed when doing a DIY project. There selection of nuts/bolts is an absolute life saver. That being said the prices at Ace are stupidly high. If you are planning a substantial project head into chandler and hit Home Depot off the I-10 for a much better price. If during your project you realize you are missing a small item head to ace.
5	Always someone there to help you at the Maricopa Ace Hardware!  I have always had a very pleasant experience when I shop at this Ace!  They are the most helpful bunch of people ever!  Sure, maybe the prices might be a bit higher than a HD or Lowes, but look at the sizes of those massive monstrosities compared to the tiny Ace stores.  I think it is worth the price difference for a few reasons:  1) you don't have to drive far, 2) you are supporting your local businesses and 3) you always get help.  When you shop at HD or Lowes you might have to walk up and down about 8 aisles before you might find someone who works there, but of coarse they don't work in the department you need help in, so then it takes them another 10 minutes to flag down someone who can help you!  There was a time when I needed to find about 12 of those knee pads for gardening for a project at work.  I was already in Casa Grande so I stopped at the Lowes and only could find 2.  TWO in that whole big giant store!  I stopped at HD since it is right next door and I couldn't even find them.  Had to walk up and down a bunch of aisles, tried asking someone who had to go hunt down someone from that department .... I left and was able to find ALL TWELEVE that I needed in the small little Ace Hardware in Maricopa.  And, the pricing was actually only higher by nickels and dimes, not a big difference at all!I will always be a big fan of the Maricopa Ace Hardware!
