4	Owned by ex-Montreal Canadien Sergio Momesso and his family. This place rocks! Awesome Italian Sausage Subs here (Which is what they're really known for), always ask for it "spicy". I also enjoy a spicy cheeseburger here too. Very affordable with sports on the TV screens. Good spot on Saturday afternoons. *Closed on Sundays!*
4	This place is an NDG institution. Great Italian sausage subs, friendly environment.
4	Best burgers in Montreal. End of story. Pizza, subs, great espresso, everything a fast food joint should be. Noisy, and very busy at lunch, especially Thursdays. The staff has been there since forever, and it is always a treat to say 'hi'.
5	Two words: sausage sub and sausage pizza.Okay, that was five words, but who's really counting?I've been coming to this place since I was a kid and it never disappoints. Make sure to ask them to make it spicy!
5	Best Italian sandwich. I stop here every trip to Montreal. I absolutely love this sandwich. Fresh baked bread, homemade Italian sausage, homemade slaw and hot sauce.
5	I grew up in the neighborhood and went to what used to be the elementary school around the corner on Old Orchard (I believe it's some business school or something now) and I can tell you that this place not only has a rich history with the neighborhood, but it has some of the best greasy food in the city.If you feel like throwing calorie caution to the wind, then CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!  Not only is it a part of Montreal history, but hockey history as well, being owned by the family of hockey player Sergio Momesso.  Great burgers, great subs, great fries, great everything!  The prices are great and the staff is super friendly.  A definite go to for anyone living or visiting the NDG area!
4	Restaurant Momesso has great food. They are Italian and serve delicious 7 inch and 14 inch hot subs, which I would strongly recommend. I personally love the steak sandwich served spicy. The pizza is a little different than usual pizzas. Its a softer pizza, its definitely an acquired taste. Nonetheless, I think they have some delicious food, the fries are good, the subs are good and the overall price is pretty cheap.The atmosphere is also amazing. They have multipule TVs and will play all the Montreal Canadiens games. They will also play Italian soccer games and the crowd can be pretty crazy for either of these events. The staff is extremely friendly. Overall, it is a great casual restaurant, good for sports events and late night snacks. Great subs. Great food. Nice atmosphere. Nice people. Beer deals.
5	Went again last Friday and as usual it was great.  The two of us have been frequenting this place for lunch for over 20 years.  It is unpretentious where construction workers sit next to business people and everyone enjoys themselves.  Our favorite is the pizza with sausage, spicy and onions optional.  We love their Italian sausage which is cockoed to have a nice bit of crunchy crust. We also love their spicy pepper sauce, sometimes adding a few little cups of it to the pizza.
4	My favorite sub place in Montreal. Outside decor aside, once you walk in you're greeted with a friend face. Service is quick and efficient. Subs are what this place is all about. Fries are good but the onion rings are THE WAY THE NEED TO BE MADE.Price is just right.You can even watch the game if you're there at night.
5	The spicey sausage sub is out of this world...legendary restaurant in Montreal. Everything is home made proprietary ingredients which make this place one of a kind...named after a hockey legend Sergio Momesso. I'm straight up addicted !!
5	Quiznos, subway, eat your hearts out. No contest. The best steak and pepperoni sub I've ever had. I've heard much about their Italian sausage sub,  but steak and pepperoni has always been very dear to my heart so my first experience was S&P.  I was trying to have a light lunch so I ordered the 7" sub. Next time 14" for sure. It was over much too quickly. Maybe I'll have a 7" of S&P and one sausage. I know I'm rambling but this was an amazing sub. If in the area around meal time, this is where I'm eating. GREAT STUFF.
4	I live in the area and wanted to try this place for ever. I love Montreal's old school diners, and this one had that feel. But nice and friendly inside too.Ordered 7" sub, onion rings, and a beer, and loved it. Server was super friendly. Filling portions for reasonable prices. Full bar. Cool place.I'll definitely return.
5	Yeah, yeah, everyone talks about the subs. It's their pizzas I love! Huge pieces of Italian sausage, tons of ingredients, their special spicy sauce which I have bought a bottle of in the past.
