3	Been on a froyo kick lately.  Perhaps because it is the latest cool hang-out place in The QC.  We went to Orange Tree after my daughter's class project.  This was based on a recommendation from relatives that live nearby.  I think we all think our nearby places are better because, frankly, we're too lazy to go outside of our zone :-)Orange Tree was good, but not great.  I think it was more the atmosphere for me.  They had more flavors than my fav place (Yogurt Jungle in The QC), but less topping options.  Also the seating in there just was not comfortable and not really conducive to hanging out to me.It was 'meh' for me -- good, not great.  I'll probably stick to my local froyo...well, because I'm lazy (not really, well really, but Yogurt Jungle is great for me).
5	If this is any indication of how good it is, my daughter will NOT leave me alone to taker there weekly........
4	Love the TART fro-yo. This is sweet clean little facility ~ never very busy ~ I hope they make it. Blessings :  ) KC
5	This is becoming our favorite froyo place!! The flavors are good and it's always nice and clean. They have several no sugar added flavors that actually taste good!! A few times some flavors haven't been quite frozen all the way, but that happens at all frozen yogurt places depending on when the machines were last filled. It's yummy and a fair price. Their peanut butter is good and the NSA chocolate and cheesecake are good too! Try it! Much better than Golden Spoon or Swirlit!
4	I go to this place frequently after eating lunch next door at Port of Subs. I always compare to Yogurtland, and this one falls short also, but it is still very good. For some reason Yelp thinks it's like 1.2 miles from the next door Port of Subs though.
4	I enjoy taking my kids to this yogurt place. The only thing I'd change is for them to get some more flavors/change them more often. It seems like everytime I go they have the same flavors and it gets boring. Other than that it's a great place. Tastes good, friendly workers, and i love the punch card that they offer.
4	Its nearly impossible to find a good yogurt place here in Arizona. All the best I been to have been in California. For the time being and will earn my business is Orange Leaf as nearby and good.This places has all my favorites, boba balls, whip cream, fudge, cut brownies, and MULTI - CUT FRUIT...while others pretty much cut the fruit in half making you throw huge chunks of heavy weights in the bowl making you spend more. The only thing missing is hot fudge which I do miss from those California ones that I been to. The atmosphere is OK, like any Yogurt place cold and plastic feeling is what you will get. pretty much serve, eat and run before your blood freezes over. The staff is friendly and nice. They do keep the choices restocked even before closing hours. Still hate the tip jar for a self serve place...( -1/2 star)Overall: Many choices of yogurt and toppings, remember to ask for whip cream...friendly and clean environment with plenty of sitting room around makes this place my choice to go for in the valley for a good evening or afternoon snack...
1	I visited this store after purchasing the Groupon 4pack and my kids loved it, so no complaints initially. Until I came back and tried to redeem two Groupons on separate transactions, which I was allowed to do on first visit. I was told the owner decided you could only redeem one per visit, which was not in the deal fine print. This was unfortunate since I brought a whole pack of kids. Left a bad taste in my mouth and we won't be going back, in an effort to force repeat visits they lost customers.
2	Well, in more recent visits here the flavor selection is really limited, and not good. They usually have 1 SF flavor now and it's not good. The regular yogurt itself is just so-so. Not nearly as creamy and delicious as it used to be. When stores change hands you can usually tell a difference. Sorry!
4	A clean friendly place with a nice assortment of flavors. They really need a smaller cup offering. With such a large cup I really watch the kids, it's not only the price but they just can't eat it all.
5	This is definitely my favorite of the east valley yogurt shops. I love their tart, orange, and pineapple flavors, and the fruit always looks great to toss on top. Yum - just wish it was closer to my house.
3	it was ok. no different than the rest. the counter girl wasn't to excited about being their. informed me of all of her troubles today. but, she was helpful in assisting me so can't complain too much.....
1	Wife and I walked in the shop and was met with bad service from the get go. Very limited selections and stale tasting toppings. If you want Yogurt that tastes like a homeless man made it in the 80's Orange Leaf is the place to go, If you want great service and delicious vast selection....Swirl it is the place to go. I wish I could give negative stars.......
3	Tasty yogurt flavors and tons of toppings! The strawberries are always so sweet and ripe. Great froyo spot. However, girl behind the counter was short with me though when I presented a Yelp offer I had purchased. She said that only their other location accepted the offer when I purchased it from this specific locations page. I was irritated walking away with the rudely provided misinformation.
3	OK, I love the flavors at this place, and the price is good. The location is great. However they reciently started having the attendant do the sample cups for you.... he does not wear cloves and that is gross. I might have to find a different place now.
2	Only go if you have the Groupon, otherwise this place is a total rip. Yogurt is watery and not solid like it should be and they are priced higher then others. I prefer Yogurt Land over this place.
2	I'm a froyo junkie and I'm never too excited about their yogurt but still check it out every now and then to see if they have anything good. I have to say it annoys the crap out of me you have to ask for samples and I'm pretty sure it annoys the people that work there too since that's the attitude they have when you ask. I think I'll drive the extra 7 minutes to yogurtland where the yogurt is better and I can have all the samples I want
1	I was not aware that this place charges $.50 an ounce for their yogurt.  Haven't been there in a while before today, but this was definitely much pricier than last time we visited. They do not post the price on the wall like they used to so beware!  I was shocked to spend just under $25 on yogurt for myself and my three kids.  I have also never been impressed with the yogurt selection here but it is the closest yogurt shop to our house.  Last point--I think it's a little stingy for them to get your samples for you and agree its gross that they put their dirty hands all over the little cup that you put in your mouth. I don't think any other self serve yogurt places get your samples like this.  We won't be returning unless there is a great deal on Groupon.
5	I recently visited Phoenix and was fortunate to visit this yogurt shop. As someone who considers themselves a frozen yogurt fanatic, I can confirm that this is the greatest frozen yogurt chain in the universe - yes, the universe.1. It's cheap, more so than a lot of other yogurt joints.2. They have a HUGE variety of flavors that get switched out regularly, so there's always a few flavors you like but you'll never get tired of the selection. My favorites have included Salted Caramel, Irish Mint, Graham Cracker, Pecans & Pralines, PB&J, the ever-present Red Velvet... yeah, maybe I've come here too often. The bad thing about this is that you'll find an amazing flavor one week, then you come back a couple weeks later and it's gone.3. Lots of yummy toppings!4. It's self-serve, so if you want to mix Dutch Chocolate and NY Cheesecake to get Chocolate Cheesecake, you can. Or mix up some weirder flavors.They have a couple of sorbet choices, as well.
1	Disappointed. I purchased the groupon and when you purchase it gives you four separate coupons for 6 dollars. My two boys and I put our yogurt on the counter. And was told I could only use 1 $6 coupon with the order. I tried to explain I purchased all together. She told me I could only use one and if I used more that would be like her giving me free yogurt????  What??? I purchased the groupon. $14 later I decided I'll let the other three groupons expire.
