4	We headed to the new location of Qing Hua thinking that it replaced the restaurant on Lincoln. FALSE. The original location is still opened. To our surprise, the new Qing Hua on Ste-Catherine has a different menu: It mostly only serves soup dumplings (xiao long bao).The dumplings are handmade and have a delicious filling and a tasty piping hot broth inside that will either: - Cause a 2nd degree burn in your mouth. Pain is pleasure, right?- Or worse, spill out if you are not careful. Be gentle when you pick up the dumplings with your chopsticks and use a spoon.They are the best soup dumplings that I had in Montreal by far. It'd be unfair to compare those dumplings to other offerings that you can find in other cities such as Toronto or Vancouver. But would I come back to this restaurant? Hell yeah... as soon as I can feel my whole mouth again. :P
4	Another Qing Hua? Really? MUST check out is what I thought. I took my boyfriend to eat there today and surprisingly the menu is not the same as the Qing Hua on Lincoln or in Chinatown. There's more bao (buns) and less of a variety in dumplings and the way its cooked (steamed./boiled/fried) I ordered the fried shrimp dumplings while my boyfriend had some kind of fried dumpling with chicken filling. When the food arrived, I saw a bunch of very horizontal looking dumplings. When I mean horizontal, I mean pretty horizontal. That was definitely unexpected. I expected the round, chubby or circular ish shaped dumplings. This was not the case nor did it affect the taste because WHOA they were good. At least mine were because my boyfriend kept taking my dumplings. His were....hm just ok. But boy, the shrimp ones were good. We also ordered the spicy tofu which was not bad either. Waitress was very attentive as well, reflling waters and asking us how we liked our food. Nice! I haven't tried their bao yet, but shrimp dumplings I recommend.
4	Yummy fresh dumplings. Came for dinner, had the pork dumpling and the one with soup in it and it was good (xiao long bao) dipped in the sauce you mix and make (soya sauce, vinegar, and red spicy sauce).  The dumplings are freshly made and you can see the ladies working on them.  They seem steady and it's a good place to chill in the middle of the week.
3	Soup dumplings too greasy. Pan fried dumplings are good.
5	This is at the end of the western section of st Catherine st. The dumplings are simply amazing!!!Go steamed not pan fried. I like the pork and leek and chicken and mushroom.  Also get the hot and sour soup (the large is for a family of 4) so go small. Get a big Kirin Ichiban (because You look cool and it's bigger, better, and more American)Also remember these Frenchies throw around a quarter like it is a manhole cover. Throw the waitress 10 bucks upfront and she will ignore all the other tables and hook you up all dinner (pretty sure she offered to walk on my back at the end...joking...)Seriously this place is the best!!!
5	Go with a few friends and get a variety of steamed and fried. While the steamed are much more delicious than fried, it's nice to have a few fried ones as well. Although they're the same place as the one on Lincoln, I think they're tastier at this location (although this one has less seafood varieties). We've tried nearly all the options of chicken, pork, and lamb and you really can't go wrong. (Although I'm not a big fan of the curry ones, to be honest). Super affordable and a great bargain (about $10 pp).
