3	I found this business on Craigslist because I just needed a cheapie hollow core pocket door to replace one that had a hole in it at my old place. Prices were pretty good for a custom sized door; under $40 compared to $110 at Home Depot. This doesn't include painting or any drilling. I suppose if you ask nicely they will do it for you. We left our order and called back a week later, but there was no door. The wrong door size had been sent. A few days go by with no call until we finally reach someone a few days later, no messages had been returned.They finally had the door and when we picked up the door a few days later, it was still not quite ready and we had to wait until they finished. So in summary, they have what you need for cheap prices but they have really slow service and unorganized communication. You get what you pay for but at least the door was good quality.
1	I would give a review on how these guys do business but really can't. It is 11:30 on a Saturday and while the website says they are open the store is closed, nobody is here and there isn't a sign or anything on the door. They don't answer the phone either. Another car just pulled up tried the door and left. This is a terrible way to do business and I would rather spend twice the money to work with a professional company.By the way look at the filtered reviews to see a couple more opinions on this place, not sure why they were filtered but would dramatically lower the rating if they weren't,Thanks for wasting over an hour of my time and a bunch of very expensive gas. Perhaps I will come by for the going out of business sale...
2	Disorganized, late, and non-communicative.  Every business has to provide you a delivery window - but not here.  And if they think I'm paranoid about getting my delivery today, and that I've called too often it's because they've taught me to be that way.  I've remodeled five homes in the last year, and for every one I have put in all new 5.5" baseboards ordered from and delivered by these guys.  If you think that makes me a preferred customer - nope.  if you think that means they answer the phone or treat me a certain way - nope.  They have:- lost my online order- lost track of my phone order- forgot to put my order on their delivery schedule- delivered my product at night (any chance you think this was because they actually forgot and finally put it on the truck at the end of the day after I called? I bet)This is the last time.  I don't know why i convinced myself that it was worth it.  No thanks.BTW, I gave them two stars instead of the one star that many filtered reviews gave them because they have always eventually delivered my product and have charged me a fair price.  A one star in my view is for people who try to defraud you.  These folks are just not good.
5	I don't have any previous experience with this company and wasn't sure I should use them based on the other reviews. However when I had an immediate need for some baseboards that I couldn't find in the local big box stores and another company couldn't fulfill for 5 days in my desperation I went to Discount Door and Trim. They saved my day! Not only was the board I needed in stock but a friendly driver came and delivered them the very next day. Not to mention the price was a fraction of the other places. At this price I might consider redoing all the boards in my house and I would definitely do business with them again.
1	How this company is still in business is a total mystery. Phone calls not returned, emails never acknowledged, delays without notification. Absolute zero communication. It has taken over a week to get an estimate and I'm still waiting. I call everyday and Chris says he's getting to it and then nothing happens. Miguel says its better for them if I come in to the shop to get an estimate. Really? Better for them if I drive across town for an estimate? Very disorganized, not sure how anyone would trust pre-paying this company for anything. WHAT A JOKE. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME.
5	OK, so it's kind of unbelievable I'm raising these guys to 5 stars.  But if you saw my other review I said, "never again".  Well there were numerous "agains" because Discount Door and Trim has fast turnarounds with good prices.  It can be very difficult to get them on the phone.  And the operation is so small and they are so popular (the fast turnaround with good prices) that if you can't get them on the phone I'm not sure when your voicemail will be returned.  OK, so once I just drove all the way to Mesa because I couldn't get anyone on the phone so I could place my order.But so why the 5 stars?  You have to understand how difficult it is to get the doors you want, in whatever custom size, *fast* and with good prices.  There are tons of door places around the valley that are super expensive.  And then there's speed.  I'm just waiting on a door order through Home Depot that was placed May 6th.  So yes, the supplier took a couple months, but when they finally were ready to deliver Home Depot was "busy' and turned away their delivery guy, so I had to wait another 6 days!  If I told you the whole story you wouldn't believe it.Meanwhile for the same project I needed about 5 flat doors of varying sizes - a couple of them weird (like 18") prehung.  I called Discount Door & Trim Monday, and today a smiling guy delivered them as promised.  And you know what?  they apologized to me that they couldn't get it to me sooner.They've made prehung doors with 12" jamb and other weird stuff, and it never takes more than a few days.And their prices are great.Oh, and the main reason I kept buying from them was the baseboard trim - better prices than anyone else.  And i you don't want to drive around with huge long baseboards sticking out of your vehicle, they deliver for a reasonable fee.So thanks guys you sent some doors pretty darn fast and with a smile on a day that I'm *still* waiting for a Home Depot delivery for doors that were ordered 2.5 months ago.BTW, if the word "still" doesn't make sense to some folks, at 2:13pm most contractors are going home.  My job site is going to be empty in about 15minutes because people start early.  So late deliveries are a drag.So Discount Door and Trim is a really small operation, if you've met two guys there you've met half the workers.  So yeah they're hard to reach.  But keep trying.  I did.
5	I was looking for a reasonable price on baseboard.  I didn't need to place a telephone call, because I knew I was going to need to see the trim up close and personal. The hours of operation are clearly stated on the Discount Door and Trim store website. I  simply drove over and arrived unannounced and unexpected. The store is a little tricky to find, but no problems at all. As other reviewers have remarked- it is a small operation. I was warmly greeted by Miguel and I explained what my needs were. He gave me tons of samples and I left without buying a thing. I'm really picky about these choices! On my second trip back I placed an order....and then I changed my mind. Arrrgggh! I hate doing that but sometimes things like that happen! I was embarrassed and expecting huge restocking fees. However none of that happened. Miguel said no big deal and we changed my order on a Thursday and it arrived the following Tuesday- my choice of delivery date. One item did not get delivered and they brought it the following morning. I have no complaints with this company-I think they are great! I will definitely return and recommend them to my  friends. In fact, my daughter will soon be ordering a custom door from them. I might add that the quality is better than Home Depot- similar to R and K building supplies and for much much less $. ,
3	the gowanus store is a mess with no one to help you navigate. go across the street to lowe's
4	Did a great job on the door I needed, and for a great price!
