3	I know they just opened. However, the menu was very hard to understand it needs to be more Americanized. Also, the food was that great. I've had better they could do a lot better for the pricing. But I love the atmosphere so relaxing. Doesn't feel like I'm in Italy but it feels like I'm in a 4 star Italian restaurant in NYC.
2	Back to the drawing board...We ordered the quatro formaggio and this sauce reminded me of the kind sauce that comes in a box. Hardly any flavor and powdery.  The other tasted better but I was looking forward to chewing the pine nuts and tomatoes not have everything liquified and poured over the pasta.  The lunch dishes we ordered were not a good value. When you are out pricing the competition, at the very least, serve bread with your pasta.  There is a place a block over that is doing this wayyy better. They're caled Vapianos....Good Luck.FYI...the stars are for the service.
5	Everything was amazing (we made our own pastas) and yet the service stole the show! Terrell took amazing care of us! Him and management asked to refresh our martinis and had great suggestions from beginning to end. Wonderful experience!
1	Overpriced Olive Garden - unfortunately, the quality of the food is poor and the service is sub par. Veggies are frozen, not fresh - this is a big downer on the pizzas and salads. The servers know nothing about the wine or the food for that matter. To give them a break, the place is brand new. I do not recommend this restaurant and predict it will close within 6 months.
4	Should be 3.5 stars, but went with 4 to help the ratings for a new restaurant.  Came here with some friends and tried out different dishes on Friday evening.  Left pretty full and satisfied, but going to give them a little more time.FOOD - Overall, everything tasted pretty good.  Nothing that will leave me craving to go back as of writing this, heh.Carpaccio:  So I'm not a carpaccio person but felt like giving it a whirl, and I like it.  If you're not sure what it is, go wiki/google it up!  Probably preference choice, but I don't need the massive flatbread and tons of grated cheese on it.[_] Risotto:  This was a very good dish.  I forget what it was called but it was the mushroom-shrimp risotto.  All the flavors stood out quite well and it was not too soup-like.Shrimp Flatbread, Lobster Bisque, & Tagliatelle w/ Olive Oil and sun-dried tomatoes (and other stuff) were all pretty good, but nothing memorable of the bunch.  That is to say though, I was somewhat disappointed with the Tagliatelle dish.  The nice thing about this place is FRESH PASTA (like in Italy), but the dish itself just didn't pop.  I went with the olive oil as sauce to really taste the pasta itself.  Can't pinpoint why the pasta dish was lacking... I'm going to give it another go though.  SERVICE - This needs some help, and they get a pass for that.  While the service staff was friendly, they did not seem experienced in the restaurant industry.  Some pointers:  Awkward for hostess to stand near door and just kinda extend her arm to open the door without moving.  I'd rather she move around and open the door for us OR just let us come in.  The half-hearted attempt doesn't work.  Saw the chef cooking our flatbread pizza, and as he put it into the oven, bro was scratching his beard..kinda unappetizing, right?  Open-viewing kitchen = people are going to be watching you guys!  Server was too casual--stood really close to my buddies.  Granted, she was cute and all, but you can't get up all in someone's personal space.  We were giving her our order and by the third item, she was like, Hold on, let me get something to write on. 5 items isn't too much, is it?  I'm being hyper-critical to provide constructive criticism.  Usually other than beard follicles potentially in the flatbread, the rest I could live with and not mind.AMBIANCE - Restaurant is gorgeous.  The perfect place to take some out-of-towners in my opinion.  Located in Epicentre, it's a great place to just walk around and see a bunch of stuff then grab a meal here.  Huge windows to see Epicentre patrons walking by.  Kudos to the design of the place.Oh yeah, DESSERT - the Sorbetta di Limon (spelling way off), was the perfect way to end the meal.  It's a lighter dessert to balance out and finish off heavy Italian cuisine.  Despite everything, I want to go back here for lunch.  Just looking at the investment put into the place, makes me believe that they will certainly improve the quality of food and service by throwing a few more dollars into those areas. dmo out.
3	Started with a Mulo Siciliano and Provoletta. We had barely started our appetizer when our pasta entrees came out (super fast = very suspicious). I had the Mezzaluna in the Carbonara sauce. It was flavorful and smoky, but very salty. Overall, the food and drink were mediocre. I'd come back if I needed a fast Italian meal, but for real good eats, go somewhere else.
5	Excellent Italian. Great service and the food was wonderful. Has a old saloon feel. High range of pasta choices and the server was great in suggesting what to select with your pasta. Definitely a repeat location when in downtown charlotte.
4	Okay I didn't expect much from this place. I just liked that it was well - lit and as a business traveler I had some work to do. The food was decent not special but the service floored me. It was like a 5 star hotel:  very accommodating and helpful without being overly familiar and chatty. I sent my beer back because it was warm. They were very gracious about that, brought me samples of the other drafts. This great service started with the host reading my body language when he sensed I wanted a bigger table even though I was a party of one.  I'll go back to this place for sure and recommend it.
1	Stopped by here tonight to have dinner at the bar.  Ordered a glass of wine and carpaccio to start.  First piece of beef that I picked up and put in my mouth was frozen, along with others around it.  Manager apologized and I walked out.Had an OK meal here the week before with service mishaps that could be blamed on the crowd there before the Pearl Jam concert, but tonight was a slow night, so two strikes and you're out in my book.
4	This review is for the $5 pizzas at Happy Hour.  You can't beat the value for a pretty good crispy crust pizza with interesting topping choices.  I got the Bismarck which has ham and a fresh egg, and it was quite good with a side of the chili oil to dip into.  Crust is wafer thin and cracker crispy, toppings are light and not a lot of cheese, so not greasy at all, actually tasted kinda healthy which I liked.  It was a slow night, so service was efficient at the bar. No drink specials during happy hour, but a draft is only $4 for a craft brew.. not too bad.  Definitely a good stop before heading into a Checkers game or other event across at the arena.
3	We arrived a little before 12:00 pm & there was only 1 person at the bar and one other table with three guests. We were seated and approached by our waitress for our drink order. She asked if we had been before, which we said no. She explained the lunch menu as well as the entree menu, b/c they offer that as well. We asked for a few minutes and she returned literally in 30 seconds. Although we felt rushed, we ordered the Parma Pizza, ham and mushrooms(although substituted chicken for the ham) & the Chicken Piccata entree. While we waited we were served rolls and EVOO, which we fresh and delicious. The food arrived and the pizza was great, crisp, fresh, and a light pizza for lunch. The chicken was good, however, unlike other piccata dishes the chicken was very thick & bland, missing a little lemon/caper flavor. The sides, green beans & potatoes, were good. Although the food was decent, the service was a little disappointing, especially with the amount of people there, and the fact we sat with empty drinks, at which she filled them when she brought the bill. Overall, I enjoyed the ambience and pizza, but wasn't overwhelmed. I would love to go back and try some pasta.
2	Came here for an early dinner before catching Hunger Games 2 on the Sunday before Thanksgiving.  Shame on you, La Tagliatelle.First of all, the place was empty 'cept for a few random peeps sitting around the bar - which I don't get because the bar was disappointing.  They can't get a simple drink order correct.  Even a novice should be able to decipher "Tito's up with a twist."  Tito's Vodka Martini with that little lemon peel thingy in there, right?  Our server had no clue.  Who brings a half tumbler of warm vodka?  Oh wait, even before that, they don't have Tito's - it happens.  But the server said, it's because the place has been open for 2 months.  Uh, no - it's been open a little longer than that.  And after two months, aside from not having a selection of Vodka, I'd expect the staff to be somewhat knowledgeable on drinks and food.  2+ months is a long time to work out the "kinks."  They didn't have the gin I wanted either.  Anyways, it took three tries to get the martini order correct.  Server was asking stuff like, do you want anything with the Tito's..."UP" as in "STRAIGHT UP" (he beat me - Rounders).  She looked unkempt too - wrinkled clothes.  I mean, it's so much easier to bash once something goes wrong.  If I can pick at it some more, server should ask the lady what they want to order first.  The food itself was pretty good.  At least the chef didn't scratch his beard while preparing the food this time.  I didn't read my last review, but I feel like I recommended that they up their service.  It doesn't seem like they have.  Service is pretty crucial.  I don't know how they do at lunch, but please bring the service level up.  The food is pretty good, the restaurant is still beautiful.  Service is really dragging the place down IMO.  I'll give this place another shot ... dunno when though.dmo out.
3	Very nice waiter, lovely interior and convenient  location.  But the food just wasn't that great.  My pasta was underdone and my wife's sauce was over powered.  Our appetizer was promised to be amazing but was tolerable at best (don't order the buffalo mozzarella and tomatoes)Our experience was further dampened by the sweaty Bobcats man that was noisily shoveling noodles into his mouth and the awkward couple sobbing thru a poorly timed break up two tables away.  Seems to attract and of mixture of classy and not: the bane of anything near the epicenter
1	Terrible! Multiple groups were waiting near the hostess stand and no employee noticed until someone went and found one. Not a busy night - multiple open tables. Finally was sat and waited yet another 20+ minutes to get drink orders. Supposed "computer issue" (I understand these things do happen occasionally) but groups before and after us received their entrees, paid, and left before we received our appetizer. Entrees finally arrived and were cold and lacking flavor. Should/would have gone somewhere else if others weren't busy. It should have told us something when they were the only restaurant with available tables at the epicenter. Off night?
4	My group and I swung by here on a whim right before an evening concert across the street at the TWC. We were seated immediately upon arrival which was a pleasant surprise considering it was already during the dinner rush. Our server was friendly and very knowledgable of all the items on the menu and highly recommended we go with their in-house made pasta dishes. We took her suggestions and all were exceptional. We started with their mussels appetizers. A little on the pricey side for the amount you get but you can definitely taste bold and flavor of the white wine which we enjoyed. Anything you get here is rich in flavor and texture and very filling. Take home boxes for everyone. Yummy leftovers.
2	Me and my gf came here and are avid Italian food eaters and heard this place was well known so we decided to give it a try. The menu wasn't too appealing and didnt have a lot of options plus we were the only people in there. I wouldnt come here again. Carrabas is 1000 times better!
1	One of the worst dining experiences! While out waiter was very friendly, the service he provided was less than stellar and his menu knowledge even less. We ordered a martini special that wasn't even actually a martini (served in a rocks glass with ice) which ended up NOT being on special when the bill came. A few of our entrees came out cold ( my risotto was warm but had the consistency of paste). To top it all of 2 of the people at our table were over charged on their bills from what the menu price was. AND even after all that, we never saw a manager, no apology....nothing! Never going back!
4	What makes this place so special? It's a NORTHERN Italian Restaurant, which means it's DIFFERENT from the heavy-Southern Italian food we Americans are more used to.  Seeing the reviews on here, I'm guessing that a lot of folks were not expecting the difference?  What we learned (as visitors on a Food Tour), is that Northern Italian cuisine is lighter.  Smaller.  Which is interesting, because it was the heaviest food we were treated to on our food tour.  We enjoyed a nice wine, marvelous focaccia (olive, tomato and onion varieties were all great), and my FAVE which was a marvelous scrumptious very thin and oh-so tasty pizza: Tagliatella 15 Tomato, mozzarella, fried eggplant, Parmigiano-Reggiano drizzled with honey and balsamico glaze.  Oh MY, this was so delicious, I actually asked for a doggie bag when our group didn't finish it.  My Italian Grandma was on my shoulder saying "honey don't waste it", which I was in full agreement with anyway. The secret to enjoying this awesome restaurant is to expect the unexpected.  I can't wait to go back and try more things!
4	Wow, am very surprised by all the negative reviews here! Guess they have hit and miss days. Well when me and two of my friends went, they were DEFINITELY a HIT day! Went during Alive After 5 and had their special $5 pizzas....in fact, for only $5, we ordered 3. The house special Tagliatella, Salume and the Parmiggiano. ALL were excellent! So that's 3 pizzas (albeit small ones) for $15.00. A steal. They brought fresh rolls with a special house infused spice Olive Oil. EXCELLENT. Then, the waiter, Rico, who was EXCELLENT, gave us a coupon for a half off bottle of Spanish Rioja. That was only $17 with coupon. Again, EXCELLENT! Maybe the majority of the reviews came after they just opened up. But being somewhat of a "pizza snob" I can tell you that they were EXCELLENT! And I much rather prefer Chicago Deep Dish over the super thin crust that they serve here. But I also have to admit that these simply were delicious! Definitely NOT "NY Style" (Foldable). But Italian style....crispy and light.I can't believe we didn't know this place existed! And we work across the street! We will DEFINTELY be back!
3	I'm torn on whether this is a 2 or 3 star place / experience. Lunch was dead. There were a max of 3 tables the entire time I was there (12:30-2). The waiter was very pleasant when he was around, but unfortunately I think he might've been the only waiter for the entire place. It's a large restaurant, so maybe it takes him five minutes to walk to the kitchen and back.  Two service complaints: (1) the food came out soooooo slowly for lunch (90 mins is not acceptable) and there was a huge wait between each course (bread, soup, entree). Not only was it slow, but at one point while he was refilling our glasses, the waiter mentioned that he saw the food in the kitchen window so it was ready. If it's ready, bring it to our table. Don't make me think it's been sitting out there getting cold for a while.(2) after we were finished eating, we sat for at least 15 minutes waiting for him to come back around so we could ask for the check. The food delay I can blame on the kitchen. But forgetting about your table after you've served them their main course, that's the waiter's responsibility and not cool. Especially when it's a lunch crowd who might potentially be late for work meetings as a result of this delay. As for the food, I found it to all be average. It's nice to get bread at the start of an Italian meal, however this bread is small, somewhat hard, little roll nuggets. The bread did not add anything to my experience. MINESTRONE SOUP was very (temperature) hot, which is a good start, and there were lots of veggies. Not bad at all, and if I happened come back, I might try it again. The LOBSTER BISQUE was bland, with minimal flavor and so thick it was almost like eating flavored sour cream. The GOAT CHEESE AND CARAMELIZED TOMATO SALAD was interesting. And by that, I mean strange. The "roasted corn" was clearly canned, with an unacceptable chewiness. I'm not a fan of sweets in salads, so take this critique for what it's worth, but the caramelized tomatoes were awful. The caramelization was a thick hard cold candy coating on the outside of the tomato. It was like eating a candy apple but finding a tomato in the middle. The pistachios were not crunchy, as if they'd been exposed to moisture for a while. I've had this salad twice, because I liked the goat cheese both times, but I won't be fooled into a third tasting. The GARDA PIZZA looked ok, other than that the cheese had solidified into a cold layer on top. This pizza comes with large thin slices of ham and mushrooms, which possibly were canned. The thin crispy crust was light and very nice. It had potential, if it had been served hot.The restaurant is very large and highly decorated, with a nice ambience. Unfortunately I can't waste an hour and a half for lunch on a workday. I might be tempted to occasionally risk it if the food were great, but it's not.
4	Went here for Dinner last night. I'd say it was a 4.5 star meal! Really, really excellent. First off, they make their pastas in house daily. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive. Started off with delicious Italian bread balls with a pungent olive oil and sweet balsamic dip. This place has REAL Caesar salad folks. If you don't know that means ANCHOVIES. Not to my taste they did ask if you want them I said no. The salad itself was delicious, with very fresh cherry tomatoes and a tasty dressing....not too heavy. Just right.The star of the meal easily was the fresh pasta dish. It was a Parmigiana and Black Truffle cream with chicken over fresh Tagliatelle pasta. Just a delicious flavor! Oh truffle where art thou......I mean how does one not love truffle over fresh pasta. Clearly one of the best I've had in Charlotte. Almost as good as Passion8 Bistros mafe by Italian Chef Luca.Decent wine selection, reasonable prices, and a nicely decorated interior makes this place a great date night option.Highly recommended! For those of ypu who panned it after they first opened, you should come back and give them a second chance. My palate says they clealy got their act in order!
2	Decided to try this place out before a concert at the arena one night.  We arrived at 5:30pm, there were only a few other tables in the whole place at first.  The service was extremely sloooow.  It took about 15 minutes for us to even get a drink.  More and more people were coming into eat and you could tell they were not prepared at all.  It didn't make a whole lot of sense to me - if you are a restaurant at EpiCenter wouldn't you look at the arena schedule of events and plan accordingly knowing that people would be looking for some food and drinks before a big event?The food was just okay.  They brought rolls, but there was no butter or oil or anything to go with them.  We tried to order a few things off the menu and kept being told "oh, this is a new menu and we don't have that yet".  What really got me is when I received my "Goat Cheese and Caramelized Tomato Salad" and there were no tomatoes on there.  Hmmm.  I asked the food runner and was told that they had run out of caramelized tomatoes, but could bring me some other tomatoes.  Now, why wasn't I told this or offered other tomatoes to begin with?  I wouldn't have even ordered that salad.  The server knew we were headed to a concert, but never sensed our urgency.  We had to track him down by walking over to him to get our checks.There are plenty of good restaurants in EpiCenter.  I wouldn't pick this one again.
4	My friend and I ate here before seeing a movie, so we only had about 45 minutes. The menu selection was great, and the service was fast and friendly. Weirdly empty for a friday night, although we did come in around 7:30.
3	I had pretty high expectations for this place when we first walked in because clearly a lot of money went into fancying the atmosphere here. We went somewhere between lunch and dinner but the hostess who sat us said "two for dinner" which is where my first deduction comes in. The menus were two sided 11x17, vertical, stained and seemed to cheap for the presentation of the restaurant. Typically dinner menus for pricier restaurants are put together a little nicer. I was also kind of disappointed that a specialty Italian restaurant didn't even have bruschetta :(. Well I guess my real disappointment came from the fact that the menu was mostly pizza and pasta. Our waitress, Jasmine, was a super highlight with her high energy and attentiveness. She was very sweet and personable and kind of actually looked like Jasmine from Aladdin haha. Unfortunately the food could have been better. Our bread appetizer only came with some oil. I personally prefer butter... everyone likes a little butter with their bread right? At least it was freshly baked. Also, with the potatoes being the only side offered with sandwiches, and on the same plate, the oil made our bread soggy and pretty unappetizing. The potatoes were very good on their own but my chicken breast seemed kind of bland and poorly marinated. We may return in the future to try other menu items since we have a gift card and hopefully everything will come together.
2	My server was fine.  I ordered meatballs for an appetizer; they were tasty but a bit too salty.  No bread was ever brought to the table.  The pasta with carbonara sauce was so salty I ate less than 1/4 of my dish. I explained it was too salty and no compensation was ever offered.  If it was even mediocre I would have asked for a 'doggy' bag but could not contemplating eating this. I was looking for good Italian food but wished I had just gone to 5 guys.  very sad
1	If I could just paste the McKayla Maroney Is Not Impressed photo here, I would. That about sums it up for me.We just stopped in to make a carryout order. Nothing special--a pizza and some meatballs. It took forever; the restaurant wasn't even half-full. Our servers were excellent, so that made up for it somewhat.Then, when we got home and ate, we were saddened to find that the pizza was oily and too salty. The meatballs were overcooked and underseasoned. I might return for drinks since the bartenders were so good.
3	I think three stars is the sweet spot for this place after having given it four stars and two stars prior.  Came here with a couple of buddies for lunch, and it was... pleasant. First off, service was good.  Hostess was average but server held it down for LT.  Place was near empty for an early 11:30AM lunch so that might have influenced service level.  Not trying to knock the dude, just letting others know.  Anyways, he was good with timing, which comes with experience.  Lunch order taken timely, drinks refilled timely, and bill came out timely. Not too early and not so late that life becomes miserable. Meatball Ciabatta was aiite.  The real reason for ordering it was curiosity as to how they could use ciabatta for a meatball!  Bleh, they just cut it in half.  I think it is made in-house. Mmm, it's okay and I'll go if someone wants to go there but I won't go outta my way to hit up LT. Dmo out.
1	Not worth the money.  Went there tonight and had the calzone which was pretty good; however, when I asked for a side of marinara I was charged $6 for a 1/4 cup serving and not told until the bill arrived.  I spoke to the waitress as this couldn't be right and was told that corporate sets the pricing and they couldn't do anything.  I asked why I wasn't told about the astronomical cost to the sauce and she said she didn't know and agreed it was high.  Never offered to take it off or do anything about it so it ended up being my problem.  Food was just ok, service was slow for a Tuesday when it was maybe 20% full, and awful pricing.  Won't return.
4	Not your traditional Italian place, however the good was great. We had a small pizza as an appetizer and a red sauce main entree that I do not recall the name of. Great service by Carlie! Would be back for sure.
5	We are very happy we went here for a early dinner. Service (Carley our server) was outstanding. We shared a happy hour pizza as an appetizer. Delicious. My husband had the round ravioli with cheese and a red sauce. He loved it. I had the pasta stuffed with goat cheese and bacon with a light cream sauce. Very good!! Quality Italian food, expect an upscale dining experience.
3	The food was okay. The server was very nice but he was also the bartender and couldn't be attentive to our table as needed. Plus he got sat a table of 12. Unsure if they were under staffed but the food wasn't that great to possibly return again. I wouldn't mind returning to give the service another go.
4	It was a quiet Tuesday night when I came in so that may skew our dining experience a bit, but overall we were very well taken care of and happy. The restaurant interior feels like a Disney experience. Very high ceilings with lots of warm wood and Italian written everywhere.  Our waiter was very sweet and made a fee recommendations, but we just weren't that hungry. We got a couple peices of tomato and Carmelized onion bruschetta. That was so good. The chicken marsarsala, also very good,  and olio with lemon slices. The last thing was so nice, because what I didn't know was it was off menu and the chef never made it before.  He Googled and made it special for me. That was so sweet. Thank you so much!
5	I had the Best Time here last night!!!!!!! The food was AMAZING!!! Our waiter was the freaking best! Shout out to Kyle for giving exceptional customer service! His recommendation was GREAT! Let's not forget about the $3 Bellini special (Saturday & Sundays) I look forward to eating here again very soon. Thanks again to Kyle *Muah*
4	The food is really good here, all made fresh in-house with authentic, imported ingredients, but the real star is the service. Tagliatella does not play when it comes to making you happy. I've been by several times and each one walked away impressed by the hostess, waitstaff, bartenders, etc. They've hit on the perfect formula of warmth and friendliness--you really walk away feeling like you know them!--without being overbearing. Love this place.
3	It was a Tuesday night so the restaurant was almost empty, which was good as I was there for a business dinner.  The food was good, not great - and the service pretty much matched that.  Nothing I would complain about, but nothing that would entice me to come back again either.
1	Terrible service. The food was decent, but not great. Ordered our food and then didn't see our waitress again for another forty five minutes. The other staff was not helpful when we asked for refills or Parmesan and we eventually had to ask for the management just to get some refills. Would not recommend.
1	I came here with friends last year, when we were in town, and it was absolutely great. When we were in town this year, we were excited to go back, only to have one of the worst dining experiences we've ever had. We waited 40 minutes to be seated in a half-empty restaurant. When our pasta came, it was cold, and several of our dishes had no sauce. I asked for sauce, and they tried to charge me an additional $6 for 2 tablespoons of sauce. The sauce I ordered was a 4 cheese cream sauce, but it tasted more like some sort of oil. Two of us had shrimp added to our pasta, which was an additional $4. When the dishes came, they included 5 small shrimp, which seemed ridiculous. I was never asked if I wanted more unsweet tea, and our waitress was never available. It seemed as if we were more of an inconvenience, rather than getting service in a restaurant. I'm disappointed in every aspect of my experience tonight and never intend to go back.
2	Solid food but the service is lacking.We were sat quickly and our server greeted us in a timely manner. She was very nice, but not efficient at her job. It was far too long between visits from her and she had to make far too many trips to the table to get anything done.The bread they bring out before the meals is tasty and hot. It has good flavor on its own, but is even better with a little olive oil and vinegar. For my meal I ordered the Penne with Four Cheese Sauce and Meatballs. The sauce had very good flavor as did the meatballs. The pasta was a little over cooked, but not too bad.If they can figure out the service aspect this is an ok place to eat. It took us far too long to eat with a normal size group and basic orders. The food is priced inline with what you would expect from similar joints.
5	My Perfect Italian Night: Dimmed lighting, warm, soft Italian rolls, a bottle of Oltre Rossa Toscana, the smoothest Italian red wine, with wonderful spice.  Order the perfect appetizers, Carpaccio, and the White wine and garlic mussels. Freshen up with a beautiful dressed Traditional( anchovies on top) half Caesar, or house salad. Then warm up with a hot bowl of fresh pasta, a traditional Italian red sauce, with fresh made meatballs. If you still have room finish with a light cheesecake. I'm in love. Excellent experience.
4	We went here before a Hornets game.  It is very conveniently located in the epicenter.  The ornate decor gives it a classy feel.     The food was quite tasty.  We both got a different pasta dish.  Both had an unusual combination of flavors, but were both delicious!  The bread/rolls were outstanding!  Not too proud to say that we went through almost two baskets of them.     The service from Kolaiah was spot on.  Friendly and prompt with good dinner suggestions.  Our entrees were out only a matter of minutes after ordering.  We will definitely be going back in the future!
5	Great food and great service! I tried the truffle pasta and it was great. The decor is also pretty impressive and the location is unbeatable. I would highly recommend.
5	Best happy hour in the city. This place is having a hard time getting to capacity but I have no idea why. Amazing food, great service, beautiful layout and no customers! More room for me at the bar!
2	I completely take back my comments.  They are so slow that they hardly care and staff is uninterested and complacent.  Maybe lunch is busy but dinner is a ghost town. Ended up walking out after waiting 10 minutes to grab a beer before the hornets game.
5	Great food and great service.  Bobby guided us through a feast of Italian specialties from thin crust pizza through meatballs and pasta to coffee and tiramisu.
4	My 8 oz filet was cooked perfectly. It would melt in your mouth. The decor is classic. Bobby, our server, did a nice job of keeping the beverages flowing on New Year's Eve. We will be back.
3	I wouldn't have thought that La Tagliatella had more than one location. It didn't give me the chain vibe when I first passed this place while visiting the Epicenter. Thinking of NYE plans, I picked this place to kick off our night. With mixed reviews, I thought this place was pretty good. The service was prompt and friendly- they recommended dishes and explained the portion sizes- more family style and shareable. We all split large salad with fried goat cheese to start with a carbonara pasta. The pasta sauce wasn't too heavy. We also ordered the eggplant pizza. A little too cheesy for my liking. I felt like the cheese to sauce ratio was off. The pizza crust was super thin. Overall, this was a good meal and priced well.
