5	They're open late, they're cheap, and it's the tastiest indian food you'll find in town. The began barta is out of this world good.
1	I don't want to spend too much time on this restaurant. I've already wasted time eating there.Too salty! Too dry and too salty.I know you want more, but I've wiped it out of my mind.
4	Let me be clear: every single thing Mr. K said is correct. "Surly Auntie" owns the store with her brother, I believe. I still only get a half smile after years of patronage AND having lived with a former employee. But the food is good.I like that the hummus comes with black olives, I like that it's a bit thicker than Pita Jungle's creamy concoction (available just up the street). I like the fried pakora. I like the yogurt-based pakora curry, though it tends to lose it's bearings on the buffet table. I like getting my own soda and napkins. The thalis (combo platters) are affordable, not sure how the meat version is, but the veggie option is a good start if you miss the lunch buffet and are at a loss (after going to so many single-option vegetarian restaurants, it's quite easy to forget how to order). The briyani (spicy fried rice with veggies) is also delicious and served with tsatziki (I believe, which is a cucumber yogurt sauce). I clearly just like yogurt in this review... here's one: My father likes the dal. Ta-da! Many options at or around five bucks, including lunch buffet (used to be 4 something, including drink, not too sure now).
4	I had a mediocre dining experience as far as the service and the setting but my goodness was the food ever delicious. It is some of the best I have had in the valley. I used to drive from central all the way over there just to have it. Yummy! When the food is good I can get over the other stuff, I must say the TV thing does bug the crap out of me but when I want curry not much else matters!
2	This is a Pakastani restaurant.  It only includes the word Indian to be more p.c.  I'm Indian so I grew up on Indian food and that's what I enjoy.  I have some Pakastani friends who enjoy this restaurant.  This food is more meat laden and not spicy which is typical of Pakastani food. This is not an Indian restaurant by any means.  If you are Pakastani, I think you wil enjoy this restaurant more than the Indian restaurants in the valley. If you are a non-Indian/Pakastani, you may prefer this restaurant because it's not very spicy and it has a lot of meat dishes in the buffet etc.
4	Having been to an American buffet yesterday that would be hard to match anywhere, I decided to head out for something completely different today, & landed here at Copper Kettle.This is a smallish place, with a few booths & a few tables.  It's nice enough inside, & I settled into a comfortable booth & prepared (after having read some of the other reviews) to be confronted by Surly Auntie, straight out of "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?".Before long, Auntie stepped out of the doored kitchen for a moment, smiled a bit (It must have been a muscle tick), & waved toward the food, as if to say, "Help yourself," which I immediately did.Now, I've never tasted Pakistani (or Indian) food before, so you're not going to get a comparison to anything here.  Also, with the 10 trays of food not labeled, I'm not going to be able to tell you much about what was out.  I WILL say, though, that I had some of everything from the salad & warm flat bread at one end through the very long-grained white rice in a big steamer at the other, & all the hot dishes in between, including at least one with chicken & another with mutton or lamb.  Everything was delicious, & I went back for "seconds" several times.  A young couple dined near me, & they seemed to be having a good time too.Auntie appeared from the kitchen only for a few seconds now & then to quickly check up on the serving tables.  When it was time to go, I stuck my head into the kitchen to summon her for checkout, where the price was only $8 including help-yourself drinks.Auntie turned out to be sweet & warm, thanking me graciously for having come in.  I'll be seeing her again soon, if only for seconds at a time, since I thoroughly enjoyed myself here!
2	Two Stars. Because the people are nice I will not criticize too much but take it easy on the salt.
3	In short: Pretty decent Pakistani food, good buffet too.  Service is sometimes not the greatest.I used to go here all the time for their lunch buffet after a night of drinking, the best cure for a hangover I have found so far.  Another plus is that it's open till pretty late, so you can always grab a quick bite.  While you are siting down for your food you can watch a selection of never ending Indian soaps.  They are just like American ones except with less of a plot and more evil twins than you can count.The food is pretty tasty and the portions are not bad for the price.  Don't expect Indian gourmet, but more like Pakistani home cooking.  You can have a thali (main dish with accompaniment of curries) or order separate.  I love their chicken tikka masala, and the lamb or chicken kurma.  Their buffet is pretty nice too, you can find the typical south Asian dishes.  I like the food here better than most Indian restaurants cause they don't go nuts with the spices.  I think in general Pakistani food is less spicy than Indian food.I do have to note that sometimes the service is sub par, but not always.  The atmosphere is not the best, a bit rundown and weirdly lit, but I usually don't give it much head and enjoy their food.
2	We were treated here last night. After reading the other reviews I was a bit nervous about Surly Aunty, but guess we got lucky - she wasn't Surly at all. Rather nice in fact. She took the time to explain what halva was to the adjoining table, both of whom seemed relatively new to the concept. The place was small. Nice decorations. One deep red wall. However the ceiling tiles were as described - in need of urgent repair. There was one flat screen tv at the center of the room, placed to (somewhat) obscure the window view of the back parking lot. When we got there, it was set to a desi satellite channel (showing a drama) which imo added to the atmosphere of it being like a home. However, shortly after we sat down a young man wandered in, changed the channel to football, regardless of other people who were engrossed in the drama and sat down to eat. Later I realized he was probably the son of said not-so-Surly Auntie. He certainly treated the place like it WAS his home, so maybe I'm not all wrong. Food ok. I had the chicken boti, well cooked and juicy but quite spicy. Just a personal preference, I like this not overly spiced so you can really taste the meat and not just get a mouthful of hot. It did not come sizzling and the onions on the side were cold. Not just room temperature, but refrigerator cold. It came with raita but no lettuce, tomatoes or lemon. MH loved his food so that was something. About the naans, they seemed like a cross between naans and roti - coarser texture b/c of more wheat flour than white. I would go again to pick up something for him when I didn't want to cook, but for myself, no. There is outside seating, but given that it directly faces the street and the light rail, I'm not sure who would actually use it. Oh and it was really hard to find.
4	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =*  Sadly, this location, featuring "Surly Auntie" has closed.  *  Happily, the Mesa location, featuring her brother "Grumpy Uncle" lives on, & is a good place to go for a Pakistani lunch buffet!     :-)
4	One of the best indian food preparations in Phoenix/Tempe area
