3	What a cool store. It's so trendy and chic that it's almost intimidating! The sales people are chatty and polite, allowing customers to simply 'hang out' on the displayed furniture.
3	Let me explain the 3 stars.  I give LoveSac 5 stars for their product. Love love love it.  We have their Sactional series and think it is the greatest thing, great quality, fun to configure, soft, comfy.  So definitely you can not go wrong with the product.  However, good luck dealing with the staff.   Every single time we have bought something, it is like having all of our teeth pulled.  It feels like they have no idea what they are doing.  Luckily, we have gritted our teeth and stood our ground, and everything has worked out each time.  But on a recent visit, we were one of at least three customers in the store with complaints and problems in a 10-minute period.  Shouldn't they realize that if so many people are complaining, they should do something about their customer service?  Plus give more respect to repeat customers?  Order online instead to get the great product and have more control over your transaction!UPDATE:  I want to say that  "Roy" has definitely come through for us this time and impressed us with his initiative; go Roy!  But this weird service issue has been ongoing since 2010.  So like I said, it usually works out, and there is at least one conscientious staffer, but in general the service is frustrating.
1	I am going to give the Arizona Mills store a 1 star for their lack of customer service and willingness to even try and work with you as a customer (just look at yourself as a sell) .  I had a product that was still under warranty and I had no luck dealing with them at the store level even after showing them the receipt that proved that the item was purchased at their store...   Thank God that they have a strong Corporate backing that handled the problem within days..  I will give their product 6 stars and I will give their Corporate management team 6 stars..   If you would like to purchase a lovesac item, I would personally go to the Scottsdale location and completely avoid the Arizona Mills location at least until they have a more competent staff, Manager and Asst Manager included...  Thank you kindly!!!!!
5	I have no idea what the guy "Keith" is talking about in the complaint below. I have had nothing but fantastic service by the entire staff at the Tempe location. I purchased a large Sactional and two sets of covers and eagerly planning my third set of covers. The store manager Chey Free has made the entire experience a total pleasure. He has gone way out of his way to ensure I am completely satisfied and because of that I have recommended this specific location to my friends and family. I too had a warranty issue that was resolved in a matter of days. TOTALLY SATISFIED.
3	awesome couches. thank god they have financing. a little pricey.
5	I absolutely love love love the LoveSac, and their employees! I've always passed by the store I mean ever since I can remember.  You always walk in there and immediately get greeted by someone and asked if you have any questions. Until recently I never really had the intention of buying one but my husband and I figured if we're going to spend money on new couches lets make it from there. After reading the amazing reviews the product has I decided to look into it myself. They have an amazing warranty,  they pretty much guaranty that the couch seats won't go flat. This might be one of the most annoying things that can happen to a couch. So we decided to it went in and had the pleasure of speaking with Roy, who by the way is one of the most amazing sales person ever. My husband is one of those people that have a billion and one questions. At no time did it seem to bother him. We walked out with a quote and all of our questions answered. In April we should have everything set up! (Our choice not having anything to do with the LoveSac.) Will update review.
