3	I hate urgent care centers, there is never any doctors that work there only PA's. That is fine for someone who puts in the hard work to be a PA but I have a preference and I like to be seen by an actual medical doctor because even being seen by a medical doctor these days can be a hit or miss. The first time I went here was for dizzying spells, and double vision in which they determined they could not do anything for me but to refer me to the emergency room. The PA was not the most friendliest person and in fact the only overtly friendly person there was the receptionist. This most recent time I went because I needed an emergency script and I could not get into my regular doctor on time. The receptionist was friendly as usual and the PA was a little more friendly but the overall staff needs more work. Never go to an urgent care if you require more care beyond a headache or cold symptoms. You are just wasting your money and you might as well go straight to the emergency room most of the time rather than pay urgent care a co-pay just to look at you and refer you to the emergency room and then pay that fee.
4	Urgent Care Centers are not the place to go if you need special attention,  like the previous reviewer.  I identify going to urgent care as if I need to see my doctor after hours.  And they have x rays and basic lab work.  This center is definitely a place I prefer to go.  The staff on site is friendly, polite and they know how to bill an insurance company properly.  They try to help fix whatever it is rather than help you make it though until you can see your primary doctor.  They are also one of the few facilities that you can call and they will actually tell you estimated wait times!! I hope you never have to go to an urgent care facility,  but if you do- this is a great choice.
3	I've had to visit this location a handful of times recently due to my perpetual clumsiness. For the most part, the wait time was reasonable and the check in process was easy. On one occasion, I did have to wait for over an hour (in the middle of the day.) The reason for my visits included the need for x-rays which they do on site here. The staff seemed nice enough although the friendly attitude in a normal doctor's office was hard to find. This urgent care was certainly more convenient and time efficient than an ER but next time, I will probably wait out whatever ails me and try to get in with my primary physician.
