5	Best tacos in Pittsburgh by a long shot! I had them for the first time a few weeks ago and I've gone at least 4 times since! The steak tacos are my go to. They're made with fresh cilantro, onions, tomatoes, cheese, and lettuce with a warm soft corn tortilla. They have home made salsas and hot sauces which are equally fantastic! Definitely stop by and try a taco if you're ever in the strip.
5	Right in the heart of the Saturday afternoon market on the Strip, Edgar's and the competing taco stand just around the corner contribute to one of the best smelling street corners ever, with sweet and earthy tendrils of corn tortillas wafting by and hints of the various meats cooking on their griddles.With some of our brunch targets packed to the gills on a beautiful Saturday afternoon, my girlfriend and I switched to snacking at the various food stands on the Strip, with Edgar's being the main stop. I went with a chicken and lamb barbacoa tacos and their watermelon agua fresca to drink. The lamb was lightly topped while the chicken was more generously topped, while you're left ot finish it off with the salsa of your choice, and I just went with what looked like salsa verde.Sitting down at one of the handful of tables next to their stand, we dug right in. The lamb was tender and flavourful, and the sauce it was in kept it from getting too dry. There was a little bit of spice to the guac and a nice fresh pop from the pico and all of that was evened out by the queso fresco. The chicken had a mild flavour, but it was tender and moist, and topped equally as well as the lamb.The watermelon agua fresca was fantastic. It tasted simply of watermelon with very little, if any, extra sweetening, just letting the fruit stand on its own.Edgar's was an excellent spot in a equally great little area. Hit this place up if you're in the Strip.
5	I first tried Edgar's Tacos the day I returned from a trip to Chiapas, Mexico. My soul yearned for something authentic and I found it here! The ingredients are fresh and the flavors are truly Mexican.  And I could speak Spanish with the nice foks behind the counter! I go back every week and take my friends and visitors to Edgar's.  I recommend the whole menu heartily.
5	By far the best tacos in Pittsburgh! Order the barbacoa,carnitas,or fish tacos! They are very authentic and I love that you can customize them with your own salsa at the salsa bar. Highly recommend going to the strip just for the tacos here!
5	LOVE!!!  They just did the catering for my daughter's birthday and it was perfect. They came on time and the food was amazing.
5	Best taco stand in the Burgh! My first stop at Edgar's was about three years ago.... I was walking by the stand and saw Troy Polamalu (no joke) sitting with his family at a table out on the sidewalk enjoying tacos, so of course I had to stop! I must say, Troy knows what's good! Their tacos are incredible! So fresh & delicious-- and affordable at only $5 for 2. Over the years, I have tried all of the tacos they offer and they never disappoint! The fish is prob my favorite -- and def try the free salsas they have on the counter! The salsa verde is excellent. One bite of Edgar's tacos & you'll be hooked!
5	Three things you should know:1.  IF I HAVE A PULSE, I WANT TACOS.2.  This is the taco stand around the corner from Reyna's.  3.  After writing I got so excited for tacos I rescheduled a work meeting to get tacos.THESE ARE THE BEST TACOS IN PITTSBURGH.  Not Casa Rasta (barf), not Reyna, not the Pgh (I Hope You Like Waiting in Line for Underwhelming) Taco Truck.These.  Right here.  So good.  I dont mess around when it comes to tacos.  These are the ones you want.  You dont have time for lousy tacos!The last time I was there it was the ground beef tacos (2 for $5), and a crab meat empanada.  It was so good, I ordered a second order "for a friend," and then went around the corner where they couldnt see me and ate the 2nd order.Everything is so fresh and they make tacos the way I would , if I could make awesome tacos.  Cilantro, lime juice, queso fresco....  Okay I need to go get tacos.You need tacos too.This is the best cheap lunch in the Strip District.  And the guys who make the tacos are just...so friendly and funny--they are straight up delightful.   What a strange way to describe someone.  They're really cool guys.  The other day I went to get tacos and the chorizo special he was cooking smelled so outrageously amazing I told him, "If I could cook like this, I might finally find a husband!"  He made sure I watched him make it so I would know how.  What a sweet guy!I like giving them my money!
5	YUM! The people here were very friendly while we ordered our tacos, and the massive range of vegetarian options is fab! Instead of just one veggie taco option (like beans and cheese) they had a soyrizo option to compliment the omnivorous chorizo taco.SOYrizo. Get it? It was quite good.These tacos are super messy, so don't trick yourself into thinking you can eat and drive with these guys... take a seat nearby and enjoy!
5	I have been meaning to try out the tacos from this place, and I finally received the chance to do so this weekend.  I visited the Strip to try some of the hot chocolate from Mon Aimee (alas, it was out--apparently, they run out around noon) and visit a winery, and was not planning to order food.  However, as I walked around the corner on my way out of the winery, I was seduced by the smell of roasting meat, despite it being around 4pm.  I ordered two tacos, one chicken and one carnitas (pork), with everything, which cost $5.  When I ordered, the guy at the stand (Edgar, I assume), asked me if I wanted anything to drink, but I passed.  As I was waiting for my order, two women came up and ordered some tacos, and one also asked for a cup of the hot chocolate, which made my ears perk up (why did they not mention that drinks meant hot chocolate?!?).  Of course, then I had to get some hot chocolate, too!Upon receiving my hot chocolate and tacos, I sat down at one of the adjoining tables to consume them.  True to their claim, the tacos were some of the best I've had in Pittsburgh--the only other ones as good that I've had are from Las Palmas in Oakland.  In fact, I ate the chicken one so quickly that I didn't even think to add salsa to it, but it was still delicious!  I added salsa to the carnitas one before eating it, which made it all the more flavorful and delicious.  Both of the tacos were savory and crispy, and I greatly enjoyed them both, though I slightly preferred the chicken one.  The hot chocolate, which was a Mexican version with cinnamon, added a nice sweet note and finish to the meal, and filled me with warmth on this chilly day, helping to make up for the earlier disappointment from lack of the hot chocolate that I'd sought.Aside from the quality of food, the service was very friendly and pretty efficient.  The only drawback is that this is a food stand, which means that if the weather's unfavorable, you're stuck eating outside.  (Of course, there's nothing they can do about this, hence why I'm not detracting any stars.)  Given that I live and work in Oakland, Las Palmas is generally more convenient when I'm craving tacos. However, when I'm wandering around the Strip and am hungry, Edgar's surely hits the spot!
5	After leaving California and the glorious Mexican food it has to offer..I thought I had condemned myself to taco hell when I couldn't find decent tacos around town. Enter Edgar and these marvelous tacos. I was at the Strip with a friend on a recent cold, fall (but basically winter) day when there wasn't a lot of foot traffic on the street. We were starving and crabby. I walked past Edgar Tacos and stopped in my tracks. I saw the Mexican hot chocolate being stirred, my eyes got wide at the sight of salsa, and the smell had me salivating. I ordered two chicken tacos with everything and boy was it so worth it. I didn't even care how cold it was anymore. These were it for me and I ate them with incredible joy. The salsa was fresh and the chicken was cooked perfectly. I'm going back ASAP!
5	THE BEST! Added a couple of pictures of the burrito. Man this is really it! Chipotle Grill eat your heart out. What these couple of folks do in a small stand on Penn Ave. is flat out amazing. Today is first I had the burrito, just like the best you can find in SoCal. Loaded with flavory goodness!I would go on, but about to reheat another one. Let the pictures do the talking. Oh, and when you reheat a burrito on flour tortilla, wrap in foil and either bake at low heat or wrap in foil and reheat on stovetop.
