4	Bottega serves quality food from top to bottom and always offers new and delicious appetizers which, so far, have never disappointed me or my guests. I have been there 6 different times now and have never walked out thinking the meal I just had was nothing but, at the minimum, a solid experience. It's a well-run restaurant.I always order the Caprese pizza because I cannot resist the combination of ingredients. It tastes great and as everyone else says the crust is amazing but I do feel like sometimes the middle part of the pizza becomes soggy and a bit mushy. This might often be the case when using cherry tomatoes and I am not sure if there's a way around it? The prices are a bit high but what you get in return is a level of freshness rarely found in other restaurants in the city so at least, you know the prices are not totally unfair. They do not skimp on quality. Besides, it's hard to argue their prices are too high since the place is almost always jam packed for dinners, especially late in the week.Service has always been very good despite how busy they are. The waiters are friendly, knowledgeable and professional.Good eats await you at Bottega and for me has yet to ever disappoint.Vegetarian food: 4.0Value: 4.0 (it's expensive but the quality of ingredients is A+)Service: 4.5
4	A group of 7 of us dined at Bottega on a Saturday night. Our table wasn't ready when we arrived, so we waited at the bar. As an apology for the wait, we were each given a complimentary glass of wine. A+ on the customer service!As an entree, we had calamari, served with lemon.  They were perfectly cooked - the texture was great, but the oil used tasted very mildly burnt. The star is the pizza! The margherita and capricciosa were delicious! The crust is thin, crispy on the outside and chewy in the center - amazing. The sauce is simple and clean, and has a rich tomato flavour.  And the cheese .. mmm.
4	The best of Montreal's high-end wood-burning-oven Restos. Also, make sure to order the meatball appetizer and the rice balls...
5	A friend just asked me where to find a great pizza in Montreal, and I was reminded of Bottega.  You can hear all about the owner's quest to learn the secrets of his ancestors by studying the intricacies of the perfect pizza in Naples on his website; this is not just advertising hype however - the pizza is cooked to perfection in about 90 seconds in a 900 degree pizza oven - perfect dough, simple ingredients and sumptuous sides make for the perfect Italian food experience - the rapini and sausage were better than my Sicilian mother-in-law's, and that's saying something!(but be warned, if it's gobs of mozzarella cheese you're looking for, then this is not the place for you!)     The ambience is busy and cheerful - urban but not sterile.  (Highly recommended too, by my guy Joe, who has Sicilian blood, and is not easily impressed by Italian restaurants...)
4	I loved this place.  Best real italian pizza I have had in Montreal!  Service was very good too and loved the atmosphere.
5	I didn't think I'd ever find good pizza in QC, where your average slice-o' is nothing short of appalling. Glad I heard about this place. Waitress was so nice as to arouse mild suspicion in my rude-New-Yorker bones. I wish they had beer that wasn't $7 bottles of Moretti, but they more than made up for it with a delicious margherita pie and world-class bread and olive oil. PS if you ask, they have both mozzarella di bufala (a highly recommended upgrade) and shaved truffles available.
4	My first weekend in Montreal and I had discovered Petite Italia. With all the great aromas drifting down St. Zotique my choices for dinner were limitless. One in particular had an old-school brick oven and that was good enough for me - don't worry, I plan to hit every other restaurant on that street eventually.The atmosphere was casual inside and out, with diners ranging from couples to familes to after work socials. I was pathetic dining by myself and had no choice - what to do except ask for a table for one. The maitre d' (who may or may not have been the owner...) sat me at a table right next to the kitchen. Talk about "dinner and a show." For a saturday night it was fairly busy and when I offered not to take up a 4-top by myself to sit at the bar, he replied, "No sir, sit, relax and enjoy your meal." Can't argue with that.Stephanie, my waitress, took very good care of me. Looking around I saw a lot of dishes that looked great...from the fried zucchini flowers(?) to the pizzas to teh calamari...so much to sample next time. I may also be the first person to review Bottega without being able to comment on their pizza since I ordered a glass of wine and a calzone. Without hesitation it was quite possibly one of the best calzones I've ever had. To top the night off, I finished with the hazelnut gelato and that was pure heaven.Now the hard part; I was a bit surprised when the bill came and the cheapest glass of wine, a plain mushroom & meat calzone with a cup of gelato along with tip came to over $50 for one person. I'm still learning what constitutes cheap vs expensive in this city so don't let this fool you though - I try to get the most for my money wherever I go. It's pricey in my opinion but the service and atmosphere were great. The food/dessert was amazing and I did not walk out of there still hungry. It's a great place to visit once and a while or for special occasions. Plus, I moved in down the street after that night so there's a good chance I'll be back.
4	Best pizza crust ever!!We went here cuz my bf was in the mood for pizza, and he asked me do you know any good pizza place, DO I? hahaha.Found this place a few years back, aside from pizza they also have the best gnocchi in town, I believe it's the same folks from the now closed Il Mulino restaurant.The pizzas are fresh and the crust is perfectly crispy while retaining a mild chewy texture. The toppings are simple and fresh.The bread is fresh and amazing, sadly, it is only served with olive oil and no balsamic vinegar :(4 stars overall, but 5 stars for pizza and gnocchi
4	Good naples style pizza.  Everything was true to the Neapolitan style on my margherita pizza-the one named for a Princess from the 19th century who first had the dish.  We talked to and watched the pizzaolas.  90 seconds or less in a 900 degree oven.  00 flour from Naples.  San Marzano tomatoes with a little salt-no garlic, etc.  Fresh milk mozarella.  Dissapointed that a high end place like this can't make a buffalo mozarella pizza, but you can't have everything.  Very interesting wines, icnluding a Sardinian one which our friends ordered.  A spicy soprasetta or capicola was on my friends pizza which had the perfect level of heat.  NOt as good as Motorino New York, but great anyways.  Compare to Magpie in montreal, the sauce and cheese were better, but Magpie has an amazingly good crust, and is not really cooked in the traditional Neapolitan style as prescribed by VPN.  But both are enjoyable.  Bottega had some very nice Italian appetizers, such as a great aranicini-seems to be the standard for authentic Neapolitan restaurants.  Meat balls, salad, cod fish croquettes (crocetta di baccala) were all good.  Very upscale feel for a pizzaria.  Price was a bit much for us, but we went a little crazy on ordering. Nutella pizza at the end-kids loved it.  Homemade gillatta-very good.
5	This has got to be my favourite pizza in Montreal.  They are just like what you find in Italy and the service is very good.  If you want to start with an appetizer then the meatballs are an excellent choice as is the melanzane (eggplant).  I usually get the pizza Siciliana which has eggplant on it or the Margherita and I highly recommend them both.  For dessert the tiramisu is always tasty.  You'll need to reserve for this place because it is ALWAYS packed.   I've been loads of times and they are always busy everytime I go.
3	I'm a bit surprised this pizza place is so well reviewed. I much prefer Magpie than Bottega. I went there maybe few months ago and it was not memorable at all. It was busy and the vibe was cool but I won't go back for the pizza!!
4	The food in Bottega is really good and the pizza has unique flavour. Zucchini flowers for appetizer - what a treat!
4	Years ago I spent 4 days in Napoli, Italy.  The little pizza restaurant next to my hotel made the BEST thin crust pizza I ever tasted.    Years later I end up in Montreal, and heard there were TWO restaurants that did very good wood-fire-Napoli -style Pizza.  Bottega and Magpie.      I tried both, and found Bottega to be the best.   The service was prompt and efficient.   I did not have a reservation, but was seated, with the advisory that I had about 40 minutes.    I ordered the Margherita pizza - which was quickly delivered.  The crust was perfection - the sauce -simple and slightly sweet - not too acidic. the taste of the Basil came through perfectly balanced.   The Wood Fire Oven is in the back of the restaurant - but visible and cool to watch.  The vibe of the restaurant is modern, active and a bit on the noisy side.  It's full always - and a bit loud with a lot of conversation, but it was bearable.   I tried Magpie - but the service was not great, while the crust was good - I prefer that of Bottega.   My Go-to Napoli style pizza in Montreal is now Bottega!  Bravo!   Value for Money - $$$  out of $$$$$.  A bit on the pricey side (about same as Magpie) .
2	Pizza is nothing like Italy.... It feels like a poorly cooked pancake batter. (Very difficult to digest!)However, the appetizers are truly excellent and so is the gelato. Staff is nice and polite!
4	Mid-sized restaurant that fills up very quickly,even on a week night; we were a party of 9 and I had arrived early (6PM), our reservation (a must),was for 6:30,by 7 the place was already full. Our waiter was very attentive,courteous and informative,but unintrusive,which is always good. Our orders were taken without much ado,since no one wanted drinks,but the appetisers were a bit slow coming;since so many include pork, which I don't eat,I passed,but my companions seemed to enjoy theirs. Next we each ordered their famous pizzas: I ordered the Siciliana,which is your basic tomato and cheese with eggplant. There certainly were the two aforementioned ingredients,but not much in the way of eggplant,just a few chunks,and the crust was a teeny bit under cooked. My companions had the Margaritha,essentially the same thing,without the eggplant,they really enjoyed theirs, one ordered with extra cheese,another with extra oil and garlic...extra charge too. For desserts,you get a choice of gelato,biscotti,or tiramisu,I just opted for cappuccino,but four of my companions ordered;one mistook the choice of biscotti as one choice,but was very surprised when he got a platter of biscotti,all different choices. The two who ordered the tiramisu,were also surprised when theirs came on a platter with not one but THREE cakes! The gelato guy was probably the only one who got shortchanged here as his serving,although generous,was not enough for three people. As pizzas go,good,but not exceptional,desserts: copious,cappuccino: very good,service: excellent,price:not cheap,but won't break your bank account either.
4	The Margherita pizza had a great crisp on the outside and a fluffy chew inside.  The tomato sauce was slightly tangy while the cheese and basil rounded up this hit of a pie.
1	Horrible experience at bottega - told the staff we are leaving and the waitress said 'perfect'. Stay away - they do not deserve your business.
4	Bottega is located on Zotique in the Little Italy neighborhood. I'll be honest, I was planning to go to Pizzeria Napoletana, but the lineup was huge so me and my friend ended up here. Bottega has a very interesting food  menu  & a big wine list. One of the things I liked is they have zucchini flowers on the menu (Seasonal of course). We tried the Arancini. Wasn't a big fan. It was too dry. The pizza was good but not as good as magpie. There's something about the tomato sauce at magpie that makes their pizza's special. Sorry Bottega, you are #2 when it comes to pizza. I'd pick pizza at Magpie anyday .Food : GoodService :FastAmbiance : CasualWorth the price : Yes
4	I think I'm becoming a regular at Bottega. There are times when I go twice a week; for good reason though. They make the best authentic Italian pizzas in MTL, along with other traditional Italian dishes. I personally believe their pizzas are the closest thing to the real deal that you could find. I recently traveled to Naples and ate at the world renown "Da Michele's". Upon my return I went to Bottega to compare pizzas. I must say, it doesn't taste exactly like the pizza in Naples, but it comes pretty friggin' close!  For that,  I must give Bottega a huge shout out for representing the beauty and simplicity in Italian cuisine. When I order, I usually get the classic margarita pizza. You could never go wrong with that. It's the original and it's the best! However, if you're not in the mood for pizza, there's a variety of pasta dishes to order as well. They serve very good gelato too. Their hazelnut and pistachio flavours are killer! Don't forget to wash down your meal with a delicious shot of chilled limoncello!  It's not that expensive. You could eat great for 20$.Enjoy ;)
2	I have been here twice and twice I was salivating for "the best pizza in town" and twice I have left disappointed.The first time, I ordered the pepperoni pizza. It's about a 10", scare on the cheese side of things. The wood-oven crust, which I had been looking forward to the most, failed to impress me. Yes, it is a good crust, but I feel I have had better elsewhere. The second time, I had a calzone, sort of pizza roll (think glorified pizza pocket). I am sure there are excellent calzones out there, just not at this place. Just Overall, the pizzas are very artisanal and feel authentic. The service is so-so; water did not get refilled, it takes a long time to be seated or to get acknowledged, and you are hushed out if you are done. The ambiance is nice, good for a romantic date. The tables are too close to each other however and we often found ourselves almost in the conversation of our neighbours.
