1	I would not even give this store one star but this site makes me do it. We ordered pizza at 7 pm it arrived at 748pm . The driver explained he bought our pop at Fry's because the store was out. KUDOS TO HIM!!!! HOWEVER the girl Elaina, not sure if thats her name she doesnt speak clearly... took our order 4 times. And still didnt get it right. She is a liar. And I will further elaborate but I wanted to express we are surprised the driver made it. We repeated the address 5 times and the phone number 6 times. She was short with me on the phone. We expressed the only reason we order from your store is for the cheese sauce. Which should be in the notes next to my name. THIS LIAR SAID SHE EVEN WROTE IT ON THE BOX AND BLAMED HER MISTAKE ON THE DRIVER ..... THE ONLY THING ON THE BOX IS A SMILIE FACE. AND IF I COULD INSTAGRAM THAT ON THIS SITE I WOULD TO FURTHER EMBARRASSE HER AND THE STORE. The driver did his job. She failed him by not doing her job. She exercised very poor communication skills. She spoke like we were some dam kid on the phone her only response was "I dont know; Ugh I. Just don't. Know".... I. Know how bout you place us on hold and find out! WE know it was a waste of our time but we called back to find out where the cheese sauce was and we knew after she gave us the run around the drive would have NO CLUE we're suppose to get some. So she needs fired or retrained if you think she is worth the investment. It is now 909pm and still no cheese sauce. Thats awful!
5	Always fast and easy online ordering and even quicker staff. Good dependable pizza!
4	It was a Monday night, went to a super bowl party night before, never put any thought into Monday, my daughter texts me and says hey we want pizza, and I think well that solves my dinner issue for sure!I have been ordering pizza from this Papa Johns for a couple years now, even ordered them when I hosted the Super Bowl Party last year,  I have never had an issue with them, I even order online, it's so easy breezy, and if you sign up for Papa John emails, you will see 50% off codes all the time and you even earn points for ordering pizza, in fact I think my next order of pizza is free, which is great for me!When the house is in the mood for pizza, Papa Johns is the one for us!
2	Papa Johns Pizza says it all. I was in the mood for fast pizza and gave this place and their pizza a shot.  I have had Pap Johns in the past but nothing in recent memory as I like to try other local joints than big chains most of the time.So, overall it was what I remembered, OK, nothing special and it met the need for fast pizza.
