5	I have very fond memories of Papa Razzinis.  From the bruschetta that they serve in lieu of plain  bread and olive oil, to the stuffed shells that are all-world, to sitting on the patio and eavesdropping as Jake Plummer talked about his move from the Arizona Cardinals to the Denver Broncos.This is a great family owned restaurant that serves a lot of simple but great dishes.  I've been to Italian restaurants with far more creative menus and much more ambiance, but for a great, simple meal with excellent service this place is hard to beat!Seating is relatively limited so you can always try takeout on a Friday or Saturday.  Quick service and the food doesn't lose and quality.
2	This place is just ok, which is really not ok for the price range.  The bruschetta appetizer is probably the best part.  I have never had anything there that really blew me away (unless you count the bill at the end).  The house salad is really poor.  I have had better at fast food places.  When I went there the other day the service was really terrible.  Our glasses were all empty for most of the meal, and they seemed to be chatting to the regulars more than actually working.  All this would be fine if it weren't for the price range.  If I am going to shell out $20 per person, I want really good service and better food!
1	I've come here on and off over the past couple of years and all my times here, except for one, has been bad. My wife liked the place when we first moved out here and I had figured that ordering the more complex dishes was just a bad choice.  I was wrong. This review is for the last and final time i'm going in there. I should have turned back when there was only two tables filled for dinner on a Friday and a waiter lazily telling us to take a seat anywhere.The bruschetta was so-so with the lack of flavor to the tomatoes and bread that reminds me of wonder bread. The salads came next and they were anemic. Two to three slices of tomato with iceberg and a heap of cheese does not a garden salad make. I had mine with blue cheese dressing that tasted more like ranch except for the two bits of cheese at the bottom of my bowl. My wife got the wrong dressing but ate it anyway.For the actual dinner, I kept it simple with some manicotti while my wife got the spaghetti bolognese. Sadness followed. My manicotti was on the verge of ice cold when it came out and the bolognese was really oily. You'd think we'd stop here, but no! We continued to dessert despite my better judgement. The cannoli shell was good with the cream being so sweet it made me feel like I was drinking condensed milk. The tiramisu was passable until the final layer, which was swimming in liquor. Forty dollars and tip for a meal this bad is ridiculous! If you're in the shopping center, please go into tott's instead. The service is better, the food is better, and you won't freeze your ass off in there either.
4	We came here on a whim, without knowing what to expect. I'm happy to say we were pleasantly surprised! This is a small, intimate Italian restaurant. Seating is limited, but the staff quickly accommodated our party of six. Serving bruchetta as the gratis table appetizer was a GREAT touch. Much better than the bread-and-butter you get at most Italian places.All of our dinners were exceptional. Pasta was fresh. Sauce was hot. Service was exceptional. We'll be back!
4	I like that they lead with warm slices of ciabatta and a dish of bruschetta.  The bread is brushed with a touch of garlic.We ordered and shared several dishes:  chicken parmesan which came with spaghetti noodles and a nice marinara.  Cheese ravioli, a nice mild filling of ricotta and spices.  Angel Hair which was ordered with a vodka cream sauce that was also very nice.  And chicken and sausage cacatorri, my favorite.  Lots of chicken medallions, sweet and spicy Italian sausage, red and green peppers, onions and stewed tomato's with a flavorful and robust blend of spices.The portions were generous, particularly for the kids meals.  Prices were a little higher than average but the food was well above average.The service was great.  Papa Razzini's is not very big so the setting is a little more intimate than many valley restaurants.  I like a cozy Italian restaurant so that works for me.  The have some nice outdoor seating as well.I know, boring review.  Sometimes I just tell it like it is.
4	This is my favorite neighborhood Italian restaurant.  The prices are fair and the dishes are always tasty and plentiful.  The same regulars have been going here for the last 12 years or so, which makes it pretty hard to skimp on quality.  Unfortunately, I've moved from the area, but we still try to stop by and see Papa and family whenever possible.
4	Papa Razzini's is a great little family owned neighborhood Italian restaurant.They start you out with some warm bread and a bowl of tasty bruschetta. This is one of the best "free" appetizers that you could get at any restaurant. Love it!Their salads are pretty good, but the dressings are a bit thick. Due to this, we opted to go for an oil & vinegar dressing topping instead.For the main course, I can emphatically recommend the Bird's nest dish. I absolutely love it. Angel hair pasta with garlic, basil and olive oil goodness. I don't know what they do, but they make it sooo delicious.We love stopping in at this spot when we're out on the East side of town.
4	This is Italian food at its best.  The owner is a wonderful man with a big heart.  He puts his passion for life into his food.  Him, his wife, and son can be seen working their butts off every day to make sure your experience at their restaurant is the best.  Best Italian I have had in AZ... except for my mom's.
4	Unpretentious, casual but fancy enough for a date family run independent Italian food at a good value. Hidden in a strip mall next to peiwei you will find papa Razzini's, When you walk in you may notice that the age many of the customers is a bit older. Your meal will start with complimentary bread and bruchetta, that is right, not butter, or olive oil but diced tomatoes with basil and spices. It's pretty good too; however I would enjoy a bit firmer bread. There is usually a special dish or two on a white board. There are also many vegetarian options on the menu. Dishes are made to order so if one has say pancetta and you don't want that you can ask for it to be omitted. I usually opt for bow tie primavera, it is a fresh melody of vegetables in a light cream sauce, and I like it with extra garlic. The portion is decent for $10. I also enjoy the penne al la vodka sans pancetta. I know the 90's are over but I still like the a la vodka sauce. It is a beat cream with a very unique tomato flavor as the vodka converts some tomatoes flavors to soluble ones. For only $1.50 a small salad can be added to your meal. Service is decent, and the small parking lot view patio works.
3	Its just okay. The restaurant does not impress on first impression, you need some time for it to grow on you. The interior is outdated - think 80's white tube furniture and bad italian posters and paintings. Early dormitory cafeteria comes to mind. But you get it by it and are seated. The service the night I was there was...well, not so hot. We had to prompt our waitress to give us the specials, yes they were on a board but no I couldn't read them. The bartender sat at the bar with his back to the dining room, surfing the web. Occasionally, he sat at a customer's table and was a little loud - the restaurant is small. I kind of got the impression that I was intruding. It took a good 25 minutes for us to get our salads and they were about 4 other tables filled in the restaurant.   The dinner does come with a lovely,lovely bread and bruschetta, which is honestly so good I can overlook quite a bit. The dinner special was fish and it was poorly executed. Heavily breaded and mushy to the taste. However, the pasta, that little bit of marinara and pasta as a side dish was fabulous. They have a nice wine menu - affordable and a nice variety. I chose a half carafe which was reminiscent of how I have had wine served in Italy, I loved it.  I would come back for the bruschetta, pasta and serve myself!
5	Seriously, there should be no debate about this.  If you live in Tempe/Chandler, this is likely your favorite Italian restaurant.  I've moved away from the area, yet it's still my favorite, and I try to make the trip back whenever my wife and I are craving Italian.At risk of sounding like a broken record here, the complimentary bruscetta at the beginning of the meal is a tasty and classy offering.  Otherwise, just sit down and enjoy the wonderful casual Southern Italian fare.  Also, as previously noted, feel free to ask for something prepared a little differently than on the menu.  For instance, one of my favorite orders is the bowtie prima vera in a red sauce, fra diavaola. Not sure if that's the proper name for the dish, but again, this place is casual enough that I don't need to sweat it.  Great food in a great setting!
3	Papa's..I came back. The bruschetta still remains fantastic, the wine list, simple, well priced. The spaghetti and meatballs was good but on the salty side. My complaint in the past was the service and this time around it  improved. But, if I'm looking for Italian food with great flavor and a creative taste, I'm going to keep looking.  If I want drinks on the patio and a little bruschetta, I'm definitely stopping by.
2	A bit dissappointing.  I have no idea how anybody would rate this place higher than a 3/5.  For those with a 5/5, what are you thinking?  All I can imagine is the place is paying you to post on yelp.
4	A great Italian place.  A little neighborhood place that's good enough to go to, even when you don't live in the neighborhood!I have been there four times now... most recently was last night.  They have had multiple specials each time, the kind of specials written on a marker board written at the front of the restaurant.  I love quaint, little touches like that.Instead of simply bringing out bread and butter, or bread with olive oil, they bring out toasted garlic bread and fresh, flavorful bruschetta.  I LOVE their bruschetta.  We had two bowls of it and would have had more, if we hadn't ordered dinner.My girlfriend had penne alla vodka, an item on the menu.  It was a plentiful plate with a substantial amount of pasta in a thick sauce.  I didn't try any, but only because I inhaled my own portion, probably before I even looked up for the first time.  I don't remember what the dish was called, but it was cheese tortellini in alfredo sauce with spinach, and a drop of red sauce in the middle.  The sauce was a bit too creamy for my tastes, but I think that's only because I am used to 1% and skim milk these days.  It tasted pretty incredible.  I mixed in some of that bruschetta too.  Loved it.No question that I'll go back again.  I love Mom and Pop places.  I love non-chains.  It's a bit hidden, but look for it!  It's worth it.
4	We've really been looking (basically to no avail) for a neighborhood Italian place to call home, so we tried Papa Razzini.First, to the reviewer who went off about the decor here, get over yourself.  Seriously.  If you want brand new furniture and up-to-date decor, look to a chain or a high-end Scottsdale eatery.  This is a little neighborhood joint, and that's what it's *supposed* to feel and look like!  It's clean, it's cute, it's got actual cloth tablecloths and napkins.  That's more than you'll find at almost anyplace of comparable price!We started with cocktails, which were good (way generous pour on the bourbon BTW!), and moved to a bottle of wine.  I would kill for a few more wine options, however.  If you're ordering $20 entrees, you're going to want something better than a $30 bottle of zin (the top option) to pair with it.  A few more Italian varietals, perchance?? (pretty please??)I adore the bowl of chopped tomato, garlic, olive oil and basil topping  that comes with the bread.  (you can't technically call it bruschetta, however, as that literally means grilled bread, which would be a lovely although time consuming touch...)  There were apparently a few appetizer specials, but we couldn't see the board very well and didn't know about them.  I saw one go by though, and it certainly looked good (mussels, I think...).  We opted instead for salads.  Caesar was *very* wet and wilty, with microscopic crouton bits, but the PapaRazzini salad was great.There were 5 or 6 entree specials, each of which sounded wonderful.  I got a cheese tortellini special, which had a brandy cream sauce, chopped spinach, and a dollop of red sauce in the middle.  The tort was pretty thoroughly beyond al dente (sorry, personal pet peeve of mine...  pasta shouldn't ever be mushy), and the sauce was pretty thin and overly plentiful, but it was a very tasty dish.  Zuppa di Pesce was awesome, with tons and tons of seafood.  The linguine it sat on was pretty close to perfect.  There were some extra varieties of seafood in there that weren't listed on the menu.  That's not necessarily a bad thing, but some of the shrimp still had tails in a fork-only dish, which we found out the hard way.Our service was truly stellar, but I think the FOH kids were stretched a little tight.  And they were obviously at the mercy of the kitchen yelling at them to hurry up and get orders in so they could close down.  I *HATE* that.  (and no, it's *not* just a part of the industry.  I used to be a chef/owner.  If staff was in such a hurry to close down that customers felt uncomfortable, you could be damn sure there would be someone else back there the next night who wouldn't be...)  If  you let 'em in the door, you kinda have to stick it out until they're done, IMHO.Anyway...  Dessert choices were pretty good, not sure of quality  yet because we took ours to go and haven't tried them yet.   (maybe a little vin santo for that wine list???)So, overall, not a bad experience.  I wanted to give 3.5 stars, but that's not an option, so I went with 4 because I think it takes at least 2 visits to render an accurate opinion, and most of the reviews here are really great.  Besides, you never know when you've hit a slightly "off" night...We will definitely consider going back, maybe on a weekend when things might be more "on point."  Lord knows we need places like this, to save us from the Olive Gardens of the world!!
4	Im a fan of Papa's. Its the best Italian place I can find here in the Phoenix area thus far. Family owned, quiet, quaint place. We love the Vodka Pasta!
5	This place just closed.  It was soooooooooo good.  Great family.  Breaks my heart :(
5	What happened?!?!???!?!?!?!??!Literally devastated when I drove from N. Scottsdale to S. Tempe to take out of town guests to my FAVORITE Italian Restaurant EVER!  What HAPPENED?!?!!?  I really want to know why they closed?  The thought of never having their Penne Vodka again, is really, really heartbreaking.  Bummer.  I hope their family is ok!I had an appointment and it turned out to be a dissppointment!  (Gross understatement).Still giving it a 5-star rating...cause I know that's how good it would have been!
5	WHAT?? Why, Im so sad and really having major withdrawals from the Penne Vodka Pasta? Please come back or share the recipe :)
