5	First night out in Edinburgh and from a guide book we had The Dome was listed as a place for the deserving diners who wanted luxury. The building itself on the outside is nice, not impressive, but once you get into the place and past the hall your eyes just feast on the opulence of the restored interior of the Victorian former bank and the well designed bar area. They certainly added to the interior when the bar and restaurant was designed, someone really knew how to make the most out of this Victorian interior. We ordered our Tom Collins (perfect, great start when they get your cocktails right), and asked to see someone about possible seating in the dinning area. As the place looked busy we thought we would have to wait a while, but this was taken care off very swiftly by the Restaurant Manager 'Alan' and shown to our table by a very helpful waitress who applied the same high standard of service all night long, and we were in no rush. The food is as you would expect for a fine establishment, first class, also the service by the various staff was again first class. Anyone going to Edinburgh for work or play, treat yourself to a wonderful dining experience and go to The Dome, it's a must.
4	Have drunk here often, usually with my partner in crime after a meal out. Many nights where I can't quite remember exactly what I drunk - but it was good - all too good! Lots of Hendricks not so much mixer! Happy times!
5	Can't rate the food because I didn't have any, but what an amazing bar! The Christmas decorations are breathtaking, the staff is very friendly, and for being as beautiful and centrally located as it is, alcohol prices were very reasonable. Especially if you are traveling/passing through, take an hour or so to stop by this bar. You won't regret it!
4	I really enjoy relaxing after a busy day trooping in and out the shops of Edinburgh with a nice big glass of wine or a G&T. The best time to go is Christmas. The interior is awesome with all the decorations up and there is a great buzz about the place. Always friendly and welcoming which is rare in such a huge place.
5	Now The Dome is marvelous and situated in a beautiful building. But I must point you in direction of the Garden Cafe, which is the outside cafe area located at the back of The Dome. The same fantastic food but outside in the sun! Entrance is via Rose Street so don't wander inside The Dome and get lost like we did.My Gran and I sat outside here one day and enjoyed a fabulous lunch. We both had Caesar Salad which was delicious, as well as sharing a plate of chips. My Granny just loves chips so its great to get my carb fix. For dessert I had Sticky Toffee Pudding which came with the most refreshing Coconut ice cream. It had homemade shortbread too. It really was to die for and the highlight of the meal. While we were eating it started to rain and all the waiters hurried around us erecting these huge umbrellas. It was fun to watch and it felt like we were in a tent once they had finished. The Garden Cafe is only open in the summer months though, so it is great for that time of year. Otherwise I go back inside to The Dome which never fails to impress with the amazing surroundings and wonderful service.
5	Every Christmas, my mum and I get butterflies about going to The Dome. If you've seen the Christmas wreaths wrapped around the pillars, you'll begin to see why, and if you go inside you will understand completely. It's like they have a room spray of all the Christmas smells and keep it constantly puffing out in plooms of fairy dust and laughter. Every year I have to catch my breath when I go into The Dome, because it is quite simply breathtaking. The decoration is beautiful and the whole atmosphere is electric.Even when it's not Christmas, The Dome just has a magical feeling about it. It's like a fairytale. Yeah it's a bit pricey but worth every penny. You can't go to somewhere like The Dome and not expect to pay for it. It's also a hot-spot for celeb-spotting (although the amount of celebrities in Edinburgh is extremely limited).
4	If you fancy a slice of decadence with your dessert, I recommend heading immediately to the Dome. This massive columned building could certainly be confused for a museum, but turns out to be a be grouping of three bars and restaurants and conference facilities. We only indulged in tea and a few desserts, but I can definitely say that the Dome served up the best slice of warm apple pie and homemade vanilla ice cream this side of the Atlantic. The menu looked beautiful as well, and much more affordable than I would have initially imagined. Surrounded by Ionic columns, massive twin staircases, gilded railings, magnificent tiled floors, and of course the namesake central coffered Dome,  I'm not sure what's richer - the desserts of the atmosphere!
4	Like many of the previous reviews, I have to start with how the Dome looks. It is simply stunny - a mavral of architecture and design which earns at least one extra star in this review.Now for a little bit of a come down - this place is expensive. Like, really expensive. However, i would like to think it is worth it. The food is second to none - especially (at least in my opinion) the desserts. The drinks are all high quality (grey goose vodka!) and very much on the spirit with a splash of mixer side.There is an outdoor cafe selling the same quality of food, which is especially lovely in the summer months - although prepare to wear a coat and brave to cold if Edinburgh weather is anything to go by!
4	It would be very hard not to be impressed by the magnificence of stature of The Dome on George Street. This is where a Christmas light display of complete awesomeness takes place every year, and it kind of seems like The Dome and its twinkling fairy lights are the official ribbon cutter for the start of the Christmas season. Although last year I noted the lights went up super early, when I didn't even feel like I'd recovered from the summer yet, but that could just be Christmas commercialism and getting in there early taking hold.The amazingly grand building, which now offers a bar and restaurant to the merry punters of Edinburgh, used to house the Commercial Bank of Scotland back in the day, hence the grandeur, which doesn't stop at the stunning pillars and stairs of the entrance. The inside of The Dome is just as beautifully done, with a sweeping staircase, high ceilings and opulent interiors. There is a very decent lunch and dinner menu, which I always find very generous portion wise. Beautiful surroundings to enjoy a nice classy beverage,
4	The Dome is a place you can hardly miss, standing proud on George Street.  As has already been mentioned, at Christmas it has some of the best decorations in the city, and it's a pleasure to go past here on the bus and gaze at the festive wreaths and assorted decorations.The main reason I came here was for the food, having booked a table in the Grill Room restaurant.  The food I had here was brilliant, though not cheap.  It's the sort of place that you'd come for a special occasion rather than a regular night out.Oddly, the thing that stands out about my meal here was the toilets.  Why were they so memorable?  They were probably some of the best presented men's toilets I have experienced in Edinburgh.  I'm so used to hearing about amazing women's toliets, whereas the men are left to have something quite dull and drab.Everything about this place screams class and sophistication.  It makes you feel important to be dining there, and this is a feeling that I rarely get from restaurants in the city.  A great meal out.
4	You will find yourself leaving The Dome with one lingering question in your mind, "How the hell did they get that christmas tree in here?".It is, of course, a fabulous venue and a feature of a Christmas in Edinburgh, but it is also underwhelming and overpriced should you decide to sit down within the velvet roped exhibition that is the dining portion of the one main room. On the other hand, the bar area provides  exactly the same visual delights and the relaxed atmosphere from which it is best to enjoy them.I would recommend going for a drink and then moving on to dinner elsewhere.
4	The Dome has got to be one of my favourite places to go out in George Street! The grand building and its interior immediately makes you feel that you have entered somewhere of class and style (especially for a student!). As you enter the Dome, the warm colours and smell of incense makes the place appear warm and friendly.When at the bar, you will be surprised at the prices for beers and your typical spirit and mixer - not as expensive as one would imagine! However, if you get carried away and order a whisky or a brandy then you will be handing over a lot more coinage!The food at the Dome is also to be recommended, with the Grill room and Club room both great places to eat. My favourite dishes include the haggis for starters, fillet steak for main and a yummy fudge cake for deserts! Food is of a high quality and in the Grill room food is quite expensive!If you want to experience some class then the Dome is the best place to go! (Also at Christmas they have a very, very large Christmas tree on top of the bar! - Worth a visit just for that!)
5	The interior "Dome" is magical.  I thought maybe it had once been a church, but it has been converted from a bank.  We just had drinks, so I cannot comment on the food.  Their Christmas decorations were breathtaking
4	This review covers the bar only - what a place to have a drink! Massive building with, around Christmas, amazing holiday decorations. Service was quick and friendly, and the crowd was a bit upscale and quite nice even though it was packed on Hogmanay. Pints weren't too expensive despite the gorgeous atmosphere, so treat yourself to one here if you're in town midwinter. Truly spectacular.
5	Was at this fabulous restaurant last night with clients. Thursday night in Edinburgh and at 8pm it was packed, when we finally pushed back from the table at 1115 it was still packed. In Portland on a Thursday night at 1115, just about everything is closed. The room itself is fantastic, converted from an old bank, it is incredibly ornate with a huge stained glass dome hanging over the room. Yes I did have the haggis, wrapped in phyllo as an appetizer and it was amazing. The rest of the meal was of equal quality and the service was impeccable. If you find yourself in the Scottish capital make your way to the dome
2	This review is regarding the Club Room in the Dome.Well, I went here with a friend of mine and both of us were casually but neatly attired. This didn't seem to be a problem however, we were clearly younger then the expected crowd.Now, let me just say, this is one of the most gorgeous places I've ever had a half-pint in, I can tell you that much.The central bar has a huge spinning elemant with an elephant on it, and the stained glass dome is amazing, however, it was a bit noisy for us so we popped into the club room.We were greeted by a friendly gentleman who had us seated. Then, a weird thing happened. Our waitress was incredibly friendly, but the manager clearly thought we were not her preferred customer. (I was going to call for a clean up on aisle floor since the disdain was dripping from her face, but thought the better of it.) Now, we were really not shoddily attired, quite fashionably actually, but it was as if she could smell the "student" on us. (Even though one of us is not, that's the look she gave us).It was such a mixed experience that I don't know what to think. I'm sure that if I came here on a date with someone, there'd be no problem. But somehow the manager really was incredibly bitchy. We also had to ask for our bill twice.I like it here, but the place doesn't seem to like me back if you catch my drift.
2	We were sent here with a glowing recommendation for afternoon tea from the staff at The Scotch Whiskey Experience.  It was still decorated for Christmas.  Beautiful space (if a little ostentatious).The service, however, was horribly lacking.  We felt like we were a bother to our servers (yes, they traded off, and we seemed to be the only table that this was happening with).  Maybe Americans are disliked in Scotland?  I don't know.  We never had trouble elsewhere, and were trying our hardest to be good guests.  They ignored us almost entirely, even getting the bill at the end of the meal was a 30-some minute waiting game / battle.I'm a big afternoon tea fan.  Theirs was good enough, though I was disappointed not to be offered a choice in teas (even decaf vs. caf)... it just came as it was.  Sandwiches hit or miss (the salmon was awful, the egg delicious), same with the desserts.  Eh.
4	I had heard about this place but never been here until we had family come into town last month. We decided to make a trip for Afternoon Tea and to see all the fabulously outrageous decorations!Here's a breakdown of their score: 5 for the food3-4 for the serviceSo the food was awesome. There were 5 of us, we ordered 2 afternoon tea sets with scones, desserts, sandwiches, etc. They were technically meant to serve 4, and we were eating them for lunch, AND we still have food leftover! Yes, we probably looked like chintzy people when we asked for a take away box for our leftover desserts we couldn't stuff into our bellies after the amazing scones and sandwiches. And yes, we may have asked for foil when they didn't have any boxes. And yes we may have even taken a few of the leftover darling mini jam jars....Yes, we are those people. But so what?! It was sooo delicious! And affordable, which may be saying a lot for this particular venue. Now onto the service. Um, it was quite lacking. I understand we were a group of 5, which is a bit awkward for tea, but they crammed us into a table in the corner near the kitchen, which kinda killed the atmosphere a bit. Then they switched servers on us..twice, I think. They just seemed like they wanted to get us out of there as quick as possible, yet when it came to asking them for extra cutlery or drinks or even the bill, they were nowhere to be found. I definitely recommend it for the experience as the building itself is really gorgeous and the food is great too.
3	The Dome is set in a beautiful restored bank building in downtown Edinburgh, Scotland. Each of several dining rooms has its own opulent character from glitzy brass and crystal chandeliers to dark woods and white table cloths.  Service is formal and professional.  The menu is safe and traditional and the cuisine is good, but not outstanding - not a satisfying experience for those on a "foodie" mission.  Cant recommend a particular "signature dish."I found downtown, Edinburgh a strangely attractive place, as in "I felt drawn there."  The view of the ancient castle and the gardens below from across the boulevard continues to stick with me.Do visit the Dome.  It will help set the tone for your tour through Scotland.
4	As I walked up the stairs to this old bank building, my heart did a flip flop as I pushed through the revolving door and found myself in a stunning building that actually houses 3 restaurants in one:  The Club Room, the Tea Room and the Terrace.  Each has it's own charm but the Club Room with the domed ceiling is where the real beauty of the building unfolds.White table clothed tables surround the round bar in the center, crystal chandeliers twinkle overhead.  And the stained glass windows at the back let you know you are someplace special.There are teams of servers who work together to make sure that your drink is never empty and that your food comes up quickly and is just the way you ordered it.Since we were there for lunch- we had soup and a sandwich (note to those of you who don't know that all the sandwiches come club style with that extra piece of bread and that everything is also spread with mayo but they are happy to accommodate other requests.The best thing?  They are used to those of us who want to get in and out for lunch so we were in and out within an hour.  But if you are the sit and linger type . . .they will be happy to let you sit to your heart's content.Another tip?  This place has to have some of the nicest bathrooms I have seen in a restaurant in Edinburgh.  Both the main bathroom by the door and those upstairs by the tea room are spacious, well stocked and with plenty of working stalls . . .I know . . . .sometimes it's just the little things that can make my day!Wonderful, personable staff, decent food and an ambiance second to none- you should check this out whether you are just visiting Edinburgh or are a local!
3	The wow factor is in the atmosphere - not the food or service. Well worth having a drink there, but only if you can get a seat.Architecture, lighting and ambiance were all superb. The food and service fell far short of expectations. Wait staff reaching over us, impolite, unfriendly and indifferent. When asked for a recommendation between two entrees the waiter shrugged his shoulders and said "they're both OK."Nothing about the food at our table stood out and my party of 12 left disappointed. I had the chicken breast stuffed w haggis. The breast and accompanying mashed potatoes were average at best. For desert I had apple pie - it was good, but again only average.
4	It was friday night and Lou V and i were on the hunt for a bar we could get a nice drink at and be able to have a conversation without shouting at each other.  being near the george street area, i happily accepted her suggestion to head to The Dome as it was nearby and 4in stilleto heels don't allow me to walk overly far....i've only ever been to The Dome once before and this was to have a pre-dinner drink in the main bar.  however, upon entry I was quickly diverted to the left and into the Club Room which is a haven of class and quiet conversation.  we were shown a nice table right near the bar and promptly brought two glasses of water and a little dish of fancy prawn crackers while we looked over the menu.we only ordered two drinks, a glass of prosseco for me and a margarita for Lou, but you would have thought we'd ordered a 5 couse dinner with the level of service and attention we got from the wait staff.  i think this is what really sets The Dome apart from other bars on george street.  you are treated like you're paying for an expensive meal even when you've only got one drink and we were never made to feel like we had to order more.  also they kept replenishing our little dish of prawn crackers even though we only got a refill on our water.and the atmosphere of the Club Room...just wow!  it's so incredibly different from any other bar i've been to in edinburgh.  it exudes rich decadence and old time class.  i absolutely loved it!  especially now that the place is totally decked out in christmas decorations, seriously it even smells like christmas with all the cinnamon sticks about.  this is literally the perfect place to get a few post dinner drinks, enjoy good conversation, and relax in the luxurious and festive atmosphere.  i'm already looking forward to going back!
5	Yes, the place to take your friends from abroad to show off some granduer of Edinburgh! I like the time around Christmas when they go all out and install the theme to the max. Decorated pillars outsite? Check! Massive tree in the main bar / restaurant? Check! Good atmosphere, friendly waiting staff and free nuts or haggisballs?! Check, check and check! It is a good place to start of your evening on George street (if a little expensive) You will be well impressed.
5	First time in the Dome and will be paying another visit soon, cannot rate highly enough such an amazing place at Xmas. Decorations are superb they have spent a lot of time and effort to get it looking this good, it even smells like Xmas due the amount of cinnamon sticks intertwined within the decorations. Never had time to dine but sampled a few cocktails and they were top notch, bit pricey but worth every penny for the atmosphere alone.
2	'Meh I've experienced better' is exactly it.I went in for few drinks, but just had one then left. The building is absolutely stunning and its somewhere I'd definitely recommend that you see. Huge displays of fresh flower bouquets tower above you at the bar and around the doors, the grand mirrors reflecting areas of the bar, the sculpted walls and ceilings...it is stunning. The bar is just a bar. It may as well have been Wetherspoons. The staff looked miserable, the drinks were just simple drinks - not so much as a lemon on the side, there are barely any seats and there is no atmosphere as its just a rabble of conversation.It seems sad that this stunning building isn't sporting a trendy cocktail bar, or anything remotely classy. I was a bit like "oh."
3	vibrant place! very nice "city" feeling.I have been here alot of visits, i have never ate here.Drinks-different quality every time-from very good to not so goodAfternoon tea-not so fancy, espacially scones was really poor, price was ok 25 for 2.Staff are ok.I do like this place.
5	Beautiful restaurant and very good quality food - possibly the best we had there while on a recent trip. The server did not have a good command of English which doesn't bother me from an ethnic standpoint but makes it difficult to communicate. In fact, Edinburgh seems to be populated by foreign guest workers and oddly, they are almost all in service positions. Must be plenty of jobs there and I'm guessing low unemployment rate? Anyway, I digress and again want to state how opulent this place is. And the food presentation matches the surroundings!
4	Lovely afternoon tea!  Gorgeous room, great service and the food was quite good.  I was a little disappointed there was no shortbread served.
4	Made a reservation at the Dome based on all the good reviews and we were not disappointed.  The ambience is upscale with jazz music playing and a stellar former-bank dome overhead.  The  salads were nice.  The onion soup was terrific. The fish we had for dinner was cooked nicely.  Overall, the meal was very nice without killer prices.  Next time we are in Edinburgh we will return.
4	Lovely cocktails in a nice relaxed atmosphere
5	WHOO HOO !!!  Just heard The Dome is putting up its Xmas decs next weekend. Must be the best place in town for a Xmas night out. Always make a point of popping in to see it
4	5 stars for the BEAUTIFUL Christmas decorations! Totally got us in the mood for the holiday season! 3 stars for service- it was nice, but sloowwwwww. Our waitress actually forgot to bring the tea for our "afternoon tea"... Though, I was perfectly happy with my champagne, but still... 4 stars for the delicious afternoon tea spread: smoked salmon & cream cheese, roast beef & horseradish, egg salad-my fav, and ham & mustard sandwiches, scones with jam and clotted or whipped cream, and cutesy little cakes and macarons on the top! Yum! It was so much and so filling, we couldn't even think about having dinner. If you're thinking about a great holiday tea with your family or with the ladies, the dome is the best!
4	This is paradise for anyone who loves Christmas!  Their decorations are magnificent and it smells like happiness inside. Me and my boyfriend went there after being recommended and shared a club sandwich.  Sharing was a good idea since it was huge. We must go and try their afternoon tea,  we saw others who had it and it looked amazing!  Great place to take visitors!
5	Amazing cocktails. Amazing architecture. Amazing times to be had at the most beautiful bar in the world! The Dome must not be missed!
1	They have a Gluten Free menu but beware... I got horribly glutened here and was unable to eat for at least 48 hours after this meal. If you are a coeliac or very gluten sensitive DO NOT EAT HERE. This was the worst "Gluten Free" restaurant experience in over 4 years of being on a GF diet and it ruined part of my business trip to the UK.I expect it will take at least a week to recover from this.
5	Gorgeous place! Was there for Hogmanay while all the Christmas decorations were up. Just lotsa pretty going on here. And it used to be a bank! How awesome is that? I was served the best Cosmopolitan I've ever had the pleasure to sip, hands down. Amazing stuff. Next time I'm around, this will be the FIRST place I visit instead of the last.
4	Whenever we have visitors from outside Edinburgh we always take them to the Dome to experience what must be one of the most beautiful bars in the world (and yes I've seen a few).It can be described as being more of a tourist attraction than a local.  You can spot the tourist's as they are either looking up at the Dome in amazement or taking photo's.Staff are friendly as well as very formal.  Serves lovely (expensive) cocktails and champagne.All in all a must see bar if you visit Edinburgh (even if it's only for a coffee).
5	Great building.  I usually take my guests to Dome.  Everybody like their interior. Used to be bank branch.  Great especially in Christmas time.  Last but not least, food is great.  Especially their fish and chips are amazing!
3	Was at the bar this past weekend and had a couple of excellent Bloody Marys. The drinks are very detailed and tasty. A bit pricey, but that is to be expected on George Street. There is no view from the bar and little natural lighting, so I am giving a 3 rating instead of 4. Also, there is not free WiFi, which is annoying.
5	Beautiful setting at Christmas , food was lovely as ever it felt traditional elegance .Only strange thing was people popping in to take pictures of the tree when your eating,
4	What a pretty place come Christmas time! I wanted to go for a drink with a friend in the afternoon after lunch. We were drawn to the dome thanks to the beautiful decorations outside, though expected the prices inside would be ludicrous.There was indeed a queue.. It took about 20 minutes for us to get in whilst people waiting for the afternoon tea were actually turned away. Whilst the main dome bar was still closed we waited in the club lounge on the left with an espresso coffee. After half an hour we moved into the dome bar and were very lucky to find a table. We both ordered whiskey (unusual choice for me, but very enjoyable what with the cold weather outside and the internal chill) and got a free pot of mildly spiced popcorn to nibble. The prices are not extortionate, indeed not much more expensive than other bars in the area. The crowds are a bit annoying, but then pretty places always attract people. The decorations in here are lovely and I felt myself get hypnotised by the colour-changing tree.I would come back here if with guests and in need to show off Edinburgh's "hidden", or not so-hidden treasures.
