4	Working class folks shop here.  Don't expect 2" T-Bones or a big organic section in the veggies. Expect good prices on good food, everyday. Shop Thursdays for Veggie specials and Friday for Meat specials. Expect some of the best produce in town. A tortilla maker on site. Lots of product geared to Hispanic tastes. Friendly and helpful staff. While you are there check out the Panderia next door, great baked goods.
4	Fresh produce. Cheap prices.Friendly staff.
4	I love Food City in Surprise!  You can not beat the prices of the fresh produce offered.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  I like the deli guy super nice!  Delicious smoked green hatch chiles everyday at no extra cost!  Parking lot is dirty and strange, I try to bee-line it in the store.
4	Today was the first time ever shopping in Food City & we were amazed! We buy lots of veggies & after seeing FC ad I really thought the veggies would be small & second rate but boy was I wrong! Huge beautiful tomatoes & onions for example.
1	I don't normally write reviews for grocery stores but I'm seriously disgusted by this store. I went there a few times only because it's so close and needed something quick.  I have never had decent service. The cashiers are the rudest I have ever encountered. Today was the last straw. I went in to get a bread that I needed for a dinner I was cooking and they rude like always but when I got home I realized that the inside of the bread was molded and rotten. I'm frustrated and I'm not even sure I want to walk back into the store to complain when I know they are going to be rude anyway or just chalk it up as a loss. I will drive a few extra miles and/or pay a lot more to never have to walk in this place again.
4	During my search for great tasting Carne Asada, we decided to stop here on our way home. Food City focuses to the Latin community, and what's a better place to find great carne asada then a Latin grocery store? I have been to food city before. It's not my preference, but it's not a bad store. Now the plan was to run in, get the carne, and run out. But the six year old had other plans! So we ran in, had to stop and get a Tamarind lollipop! Then we ended up getting a bottle water, now we finally got to the meat butcher! Got my carne, tried to go back the same way so the six yr old won't find something else. By the time we got to the cashier, we ended up getting a box of cereal, yogurt, water, and her lollipop! Food City has a great selection of fruit, meat, and seafood. Did I find a great place to purchase our carne asada in the future? I think so! We cooked it on Fathers Day, and everyone loved it. Have no complaints, and will continue to go there in the future.
