5	Just had the second vehicle detailed by Greg Jensen (owner).  He does fantastic, thorough work and is a very "detailed-detailer" :)He took a longer time with one truck which shows he recognized its extra need for cleaning (and still did a primo job in a little less time on the other truck! Thanks to Jensen's, we are happy to drive our shiny trucks!We will use this company again in the future and highly recommend them to everyone!  Top notch work at a great price!
1	Elitist Detail is more like it. If you want to give money to someone who judges you by the car you drive, this is your man. I bought a detail from living social and the customer service was pitiful to non existent from the beginning. On the scheduled morning of my detail, he called me around 8:30 am to ask if he could come "way" earlier than scheduled. I replied sure, just give me a call to let me know when you are on your way. I never received a call back, and he showed up an hour before the original scheduled time. Not my idea of "way" earlier.When he arrived with his assistant, I showed him my back seat and said that I understand if they cannot vacuum up all the dog hair (my car has woven cloth seats, not ideal for a short haired dog, but I didn't know I would be rescuing a dog when I bought my car) His reply was, " Well, I don't know what you are expecting for a coupon." Really??? I'm expecting the same quality of service that you would give to anyone, regardless of whither they purchased a "coupon" or not!!!While he and his assistant were working on my car, they were overly boisterous and so loud I could hear their conversations inside of my house.....just slightly annoying.When they had finished working on my car, I asked Mr. Jensen how much he charges for a monthly detail, minus the engine cleaning. His response was, "It would be more financially feasible for you to just go to a car wash." What??? I just drop $100 (including a tip for the jerk)  for a half priced full detail. I chose to try mobile detailing because of the pathetic job car washes do, and the time and expense of waiting for or dropping off my car. But apparently Mr. Jensen is too good to detail my car. He quoted me $60 for a monthly detail, which is less than I've been paying at a local car wash for a crappy monthly detail.This man is so judgmental and arrogant. Why is he offering coupons on living social if he is not looking for new customers of all income brackets?
5	I am extremely pleased with how my detail turned out! My car has not been this clean in about 2 years! With 2 kids (a 4 year old and 2 year old) my car takes a beating!  It took him a little over 2 hours to do my car and boy does it sparkle.  I would highly recommend Jensen to anybody, even with the $15 charge to come to Gilbert.  I will definitely be using him in the future!
1	This guy is a jerk. I stayed at my girlfriend's place so he would have a shorter drive. He arrived. Never came up to me as I was removing things from my car. My girlfriend had to go approach him he then walked up and proceeded to try to up-sell me because my car had dog hair in it. I told him all I was really concerned with was having someone shampoo the seats the rest he should do as good of a job as possible. I did not feel like being ripped off and I did not want to barter with him. He basically started to put me down and the condition of my car.  I then said well its ok thank you if you don't want to do the work its ok. He left and then proceeded to insult me via text calling me a 'moron' since i thought I could get my car clean for the price of the LIVING SOCIAL coupon. He said dog hair was extra and I should read the fine print. I sent him a picture of the fine print page and it had nothing about dog hair.  He then wrote I should learn to read and said cancellation policy is 24 hrs and he proceeded to cash the paid value of the coupon. Thankfully Living Social returned my money in deal bucks. Maybe ill get myself a group on for a massage instead. ;)
1	Bought a group on for this guy and never used it. He was so unbelievably unprofessional I decided to go to someone else. I called him on two separate occasions to set up a time for him to come do my car. Each time he would answer the phone with only "this is greg". He would then say was away from his scheduling book and would ask me to text him my scheduling request and he would get back to me. He never got back to me to schedule the appointment and both of these calls were placed during normal business hours. Although, one call was placed during the weekend the other was a weekday
1	Think before you do business with this guy! Today he cut me off speeding through a business parking lot and when I stopped to ask what his problem was he told me to jump in a lake!  He was in a hurry running into Jimmy John's of all places!! He drives a wrapped car advertising his mobile detail service and car repair business and then tries to cause accidents and will insult people with kids in the back of their car!! He told me I NEED to learn how to drive!  Seriously, I'm in a Costco parking lot and you are complaining? It's not the 101 buddy! While he has not directly serviced my vehicle car with his mobile detailing business - he uses HIS vehicle to get from point A to point B during his business operating hours, marketing his business.  Furthermore, I would have NO clue who this individual was if it wasn't for the fact that his car was logo wrapped and I asked him if he was the owner of the company and he so snidely replied to me, "yeah, I'm the owner - what, you gonna call and get me in trouble lady hahaha ". Lastly, the point that I could have been a potential customer, he endangered my livelihood, insulted me, angered me, and caused me emotional distress I think this review is completely VALID!  Business owners should have better public manners if they want to be successful! This is one of the reasons YELP works!
5	I am very pleased with the service I received from Greg @ Jensen's. He was professional, called me when he said he would and did a great job on my car. I found out about him through Living Social and now my engine looks brand new as well as the outside of the car. I never had the issues that other people mention on here? It took a little over 2 hours to do my car and I couldn't be happier with the result. :)
