2	I feel bad about giving this place two stars... really.Last sunday, my mom and I were out on a power shopping spree at the pavillions when she said she wanted to go to Souper Salad, not wanting to i begruggingly agreed. We even dug through our back seat looking for their coupon in the sunday paper for a discount! We walked up and sat down and saw their DIRTY patio furniture... wtf?! Don't these people own a hose?! That was so dirty, I couldn't imagine trying to have a nice al fresco dining experience there! Luckily for me, it was the dirtiest part of the resturant.We approached the door when a very loud man came and opened the door and exchanged pleasantries over and over again and was very happy to see us. Ummm... thanks? but can we atleast order our drinks first? He was a little happy. I unno - I was in a good mood, but I sorta just wanted to be left alone to eat. We got our salads and the greens were semi wilted and the cesar salad needed to be refilled but didn't :( and so I was left with some odd franken salad I threw together on my own. It wasn't that great - but that's my own doing. Their pasta salads and cole slaw and some of their fixin's looked very old and unappetizing! I couldn't even imagine eating them! I wished they had potato salad or carrot slaw (is that the word?) and macaroni salad... it wasn't good. But things did lighten up when I came across the soups.I loooove soups!! They are my salvation after a hard day. I cozied up to a lil bowl of tomato based soup with mini shell pasta and veggies, it was delish! So was the Veggie Beef soup. I wish it didn't have so much onion,but I'm not a big fan of onions. and their tacos were GOOOOOD... not write home and tell everyone about it good... but very good. They remind me of the kind of tacos you make at home, out of a box but not all craptastic like how they come out when I do it. I honestly liked it. The cornbread was dry and my mom said her baked potato was too. The pizza looked too old to touch, so I unno about that one. The service was another thing... the same man, who I'm assuming is the owner always kept talking. Even when my mom said something along the lines of just wanting to enjoy our meals and we thanked him for his hospitatlity. But damn... SHUT UP! I felt like he wanted to sit down and talk shop with us... but we weren't there to meet with him... we were there to talk with one another. But he always refilled our drinks and cleared our plates away quickly. So he got to keeep a star. To my fellow yelpers: if you're in the area and want fresh salads, this might not be the place for you... especially if you want to eat outside cafe style on nice clean patio furniture... but if you want a nice cozy bowl (or several like me) of soup and decent bread sticks then this place will hit the spot. You might need to shoo away the owner though in order to get some privacy and enjoy the people you arrive there with.
2	Why is it so difficult to find a decent salad bar here in PHX? This place doesn't cut it- Its overpriced, and the food besides the salad is mediocre at best. Besides that, the salad items are very generic, nothing stands out as being original, unique or different. Skip it.
4	= = = = = = CLOSED = = = = = =Sadly, this excellent Souper Salad has closed, along with 6 others in the Valley, as a result of charging $2 less for their buffet than they should have been.  What a shame!     :-(
