3	This place showed up as CLOSED on Yelp.  I can tell you that it is OPEN as of 10/31/2010 (see pics).  I came here with my Son searching for a specific mask that he wanted for Halloween.  I hate last minute shopping for anything and I wasn't in the mood to search the entire city for this mask.The employees were very friendly and helpful.  They helped him search for the mask and when they saw that they were out of stock they suggested calling the other Party City locations.  They gave us the phone numbers and while my Son made some calls I wandered around the store and picked up a few Halloween decorations for the house.There was a ton of people in the store, but the line moved quickly.Overall Value - The store is great for various types of party supplies, but it lacked the selection for Halloween items that other stores that specialize in Halloween have to offer....of course I'm stating the obvious, but just in case you didn't know.Will I return?  I saw some cool party supplies for other occasions, so I'm sure I'll be back.
2	This place says it's closed but they aren't! They open @ 9am on the weekdays! Anyway, I wasn't too impressed with the staff nor the store. Everything seems highly overpriced and it doesn't help that the staff aren't very friendly either. Not sure if I'll go back to this place, much rather buy cheaper party stuff at Target!
4	I came in to Party City Last night to look for some cute things for my Girlfriend's birthday. As soon as I came in I was greeted by an employee named Summer. She and the other staff were nice and asked if I needed any help a few times. I had fun in this store. I walked around laughing at all the great items, pink furry top hats, costumes and just tons of random fun stuff. I personally found it to be not bad priced at all. I walked out of there with a Hello Kitty Lunch Box, about 12 other lil HK things and a HK Balloon and HK table topper to hold the balloon down and it was all for 36$ many of the lil trinket things are like 99 cents or less.  My Girl loved the cheezy HK items and I have to admit it's been a long time since I walked around in a store laughing at all the cool things. I will defiantly go back.
3	Staff is friendly and has plenty of parking. Shop here alot for party junk. Always seem to have what we need, except this last visit (thats why the 3 stars) We were looking for turtle themed anything for a birthday. They had no turtle stuff, no underwater themed stuff and no Nemo anything. They have alot of Halloween costumes here (just shop at least 2 weeks ahead of time) (not like we did last year)Great selection of balloons & wedding stuff. They stock special holiday items for not only Halloween but July 4th & New Years . Theyve got everyone covered for what you need (except if youre looking for turtles) Could have gone to the pet store next door and bought some real turtles and glued them on a balloon I guess. hahaI should probably give this place 4 stars. I shop here alot and will keep coming back. But dang it, I wanted turtles!
4	I really love this place, its SO big!  This part of town is so nice for shopping so I really just like the atmosphere of the area.Plenty of parking, average prices, huge selection.Can't wait to come here during Halloween!
2	Ugh. Yes, this location is way more organized than others, but by god do the people who work here suck!Case in point: my friend wanted to buy some supplies for a birthday, so we went and found some stuff, then proceed to check out. The cashier, Kahini or whatever then starts to talk to her co-worker Chelsea about how she is working at some other place and how Chelsea is interviewing at other places- and then she totally forgets about my friends things and has to look at the stuff again to see if she checked it already. Seriously? I don't want to know about your life, and I sure as hell do not like having my time wasted while you get messed up and forget how to do your job. It's always like this. Always. I have not met a helpful person here yet.
1	This place is so unprofessional and unhelpful, I will not patronize this place anymore.
1	This review pertains to the PartyCity.com website. Ordered custom invitations for my son's birthday party and have not received them! Looked up the tracking info to see where my order is only to discover that the 5-7 days to ship is turning out to be 13 days. Spoke with customer service and a manager who both miserably failed to come up with a resolution to the issue or offer a refund for items that are time-sensitive and will not be at my door on time. The language on the website is quite confusing. If you want your items on time for your child's event from this place, you better order it over a month beforehand or Party City will not get it to you and they will blame you for the delay. Why didn't I choose expedited shipping? Because I did not realize 5-7 business days really means 2 weeks since you are supposed to know it just means their time to leave the warehouse, but does not include the time for transit to your doorstep. Thanks Party City for putting a damper on my child's celebration and not caring enough to find a solution. I WILL NEVER GO TO YOUR STORES AGAIN FOR THIS MISHAP. Moms, I suggest Birthday Express.com for your party needs since they get your custom supplies to you on time and as promised!
1	Went in last night and spent over $200 on my daughter's sweet 16 party. Angie/Angela the supervisor on duty las night has no customer service skills. She was rude and disrespectful to all customers I heard her speak with last night. When my coupon did not work she said, "Oh well" and walked away. When asked if there were any coupons her comment was "greeting cards". I will reconsider shopping here for the next party I host.  I prefer to spend my disposable income in a store that treats me with respect and good customer service, even if I have to pay a little more.
4	This store seems to have everything for all occasions. Halloween is especially popular. Great place to browse.  Would recommend this location.
4	Went there for last minute Halloween shopping. I really like their system of the costumes so that it's not picked over or messy. The manager was also nice. But the employees at the cash wrap was fighting over who knows what but the manager stepped in. The girl who started the fight with the other girl was checking her phone while ringing me up. She seemed to have an attitude. But overall great experience and the checkout was quick.
