2	Had a "deal of the day" coupon for $20 worth of food so decided to investigate. They don't have a website. They don't have take out menus you can keep at home. I had to drive there and memorize the menu then go home to come up with a plan on what to order. We got the XL pizza and 40 wing special for $23.The pizza was so-so. Not much sauce or flavor. It was also not very hot. The crust was airy and light, though. The wings were big and juicy but i like them a little more cooked so they are crispy. But that's just me. Kudos for offering the proper bleu cheese dressing. Most places just have ranch. Also bonus points for offering 2 kinds of BBQ sauce. The medium wings had just the right heat level.The counter worker was friendly yet clueless about the coupon/voucher. I had to explain how it worked. There seemed to be no manager to help. I've had better.
4	Decided to try this place last Friday, 04/27/12.  Ordered the special, XL pizza & 40 wings for take out.  Young man at the counter let me try the medium & hot sauce 1st.  I went with the medium sauce for wings and they where really good.  Pizza was yummy, very soft & HOT!!  Not burnt or crispy like others.Wings where PERFECT, BIG & Juicy. Asked for them sloppy and they where not greedy with sauce.This is my new take out place on Friday nights for pizza & wings!  Very good and inexpensive!!
3	Not too bad.  When I heard that a pizza place was opening up in the old Subway spot I immediately had doubts.  The results have been good from Adam's, the pizza is good, the wings are good.  Just found out last night that they have churros, and they are very good...  was thinking about giving them an extra star just for the fresh hot churro but nahhh.
3	This could be classified as hole in the wall by some. Chairs need cleaning and it he tables don't really fit the building. The picky person probably wouldn't like the atmosphere.However the pizza and wings are pretty good, wings are nice and big a little tangy for my taste but not bad. The pizza is fresh and flavorful. Nice bite to the crust and light on the inside. Sauce is not overdone and toppings are nice. If you don't want to eat there get it to go and you won't go wrong. Helpful and friendly staff, but nick jr on the tv was turned up way too loud to entertain one of their young daughters. A nicer and cleaner interior would have gotten the place 4 stars.
2	Pizza is good and wings are just right!.  2 stars for great pizza and wings. Minus 3 stars for being so filthy and dirty this place is super dirty . Get your pizza and wings toGo
5	By far the best pizza that I have ever tasted outside New York City!
3	I would love to give Adam's a 5 star but the overall experience would be a lie at 5 stars. their pizza is great... if you get it warm. One day I decided to try a slice of their pizza, and I was shocked to find out how great it was. I lived in Italy for some time and have become quite the pizza snob, so that says a lot. A few weeks later I called and ordered ahead and was told 15 minutes. I arrived about 20 minutes after the call and was told by the boy at the front counter that my order would be ready in 5 more minutes so I took a seat and waited. While waiting I watched this kid sit and play on his cell phone, ignored customers while on his phone, not answer the work phone, and to top it all off, the entire family decided to come in and EVERYONE, including the children went behind the counter and into the back where my pizza was being made. I know health codes and having 7 extra people back there who did not wash their hand and are picking at things is not sanitary. 20 more minutes go by when finally I was beyond peeved and I went back up to the counter, (mind you there wasn't but maybe 4 people who came in during this time) and they kid says "hey, what can I get you?" I was like, are you for real? I already paid for my pizza, and you told me 20 minutes ago that my pizza would be ready in 5 minutes. All he said was "oh", then walks into the back and grab my pizza which was now cold. I do not recommend this place only because of the lack of care they put into their business. This place would be great if it had proper management and rules instead of entitled children running around.
