4	I moved into the Palladium Apartments last weekend, and so far my experience has been pretty good. The community is a large one, but very quiet. The apartment has a bunch of different amenities for it's residents such as 3 pools, one of which is a Jacuzzi/spa, grills located near the pools, a decent gym, and a big clubhouse. The staff is friendly for the most part as well. The floor plan that we are renting is called "The Signature" and I love everything about it so far. -The kitchen is very spacious. When I first saw it on the tour, I knew that I had finally found my dream kitchen. Some of the appliances are a little difficult to use though, so it might take some time to get used to. -The bathroom is has a pretty big bath tub, which is great for those days where you just feel like soaking and relaxing. - The Bedroom has a window seat, which was one of the other things I fell in love with when I saw the room on the tour. It's perfect for sitting and reading a book, or even just relaxing. Overall, my experience here has been great so far and hopefully continues to be.
1	The complex is loud. Management doesn't seem to care about upholding any of the pet policies around here.  I've been here for a few months and am already ready for my lease to be over. If it wasn't for the legality of the lease, I would leave this place in a heart beat.  The leasing consultants (particularly Tammy) will lie to you during the tours and the paperwork process to get you to sign the dotted line and then backtrack and tell you that you heard incorrectly when you call them out on it after signing.   Tammy was also incredibly rude to my mother who accompanied me when I toured the apartment and when I signed the lease. I'd error on the side of caution with this place. It's all bad news. The reviews on other websites are a lot more accurate than the happy-go-lucky ones you see here.
1	I am former resident of Palladium and don't really have anything good to say about the living conditions but nothing terribly bad either (except for the break in that resulted in the theft of one of my roommate's computer, and an incident involving one neighbor dumping a bunch of trash on another neighbor's door mat because they suspected them of issuing a noise complaint...but the walls or so thin it could have been anyone really). No, my biggest complaint is with the rude and entirely unhelpful staff at the leasing office.There was recently a package mix-up where a package was sent to my old address by mistake. I had tracked the package, which led me to find that it had been delivered successfully to my old address. I called the Palladium office to ask if they had received the package and they took a look for me. After returning to the phone and saying they didn't have it, I asked if it was possible if it was placed the parcel locker for my old address, and, if so, if they could contact the current residents, asking if they had seen the package so that it might be returned. They did not seem to be having the same conversation as I was having, however, as they kept throwing words in my mouth, insinuating that I was trying to have them break the law and look into a resident's parcel looker and go through their mail. Bizarre and irritating conversation to say the least. They got defensive, then rude. I couldn't get in two words and then they hung up on me after telling me I needed to contact the post office because no mail carrier would just drop a package in a parcel looker without double checking the name (...ummm, yea they do, happens all the time in fact). So, I called the post office and they said it was delivered to that address and repeated other things I already knew. I called back the Palladium. They were furious that I might try and bother them twice in the same day when they were trying to sit down and eat jolly ranchers in peace! So, they did what any irrational group of people would do and immediately started reexplaining all things they incorrectly rambled at me earlier. When I finally got a word in, I tried again explaining that I was asking them to CHECK WITH THEIR RESIDENTS, JUST CHECK!!! GIVE THEM A POST-IT OR SOMETHING, I DON'T CARE!!! not steal their mail. They just hung up again...I was not pleased. I went to my old apartment, knocked on the door and asked if they had received my package...THERE IT WAS!!! (though opened, still intact). The great mystery was solved. The residents just handed it to me, and I was able to go on with my business, only wasting several hours of my time dealing with Palladium's godawful leasing squad. Don't expect much from these people, I would have been more successful calling and asking for "Mike Hawk," at least I would have been hung up on faster and could have experienced less of their uncalled for rudeness along the way. In sum, I'm not sure I've ever experienced such incompetence and rudeness in my life. DO NOT EXPECT CUSTOMER SERVICE HERE. These people are terrible at their jobs. It honestly might be worth moving somewhere else just to avoid dealing with them.
3	I use to want to live here. My good friend lives here. Its loud and I don't feel safe half the time I come over to visit. As I sit in my friends living room people bang on the walls and make drama and fight and I had to leave I didn't know what would happen next. They need security on the property. I had an uneasy feeling about leaving my friend their I wondered if she would be safe. The pool is very nice. They have a work out room the apartments themselves are to die for its pretty much the people who live their who are bringing the property down. I wont go back and visit and that's a fact.
1	I just moved from there after a year of bs, First and foremost the management is abunch of lying crooks who steal from the residents and charge late fees and keep the money, the complex grills never worked. they have a bug problem.. i met alot of people in the complex they all had bug issues, do not move in there you will regret it.
3	I moved into this community 3 years ago in November (2010), at first the area seemed amazing, I was really excited to be here because there are so many homey features of the way Picerne's layout plans are, they have a lot of storage, huge balconies, 9ft Ceiling (I lived on the top floor), Air Conditioning, garden bath, All Electric Kitchen (which I prefer because I am weird about Gas), Ceiling Fans and Washer/Dryer In-Unit, built in computer desk and a window seat, amongst other things, loved my apartment, absolutely loved it, I furnished it nicely as well (I will share after I move). It is also very central, right next to my church, school, shopping, gym etc.  Let's address my first buzz- Charlie HorseI made a few referrals (you gain some credit for doing so) and now I had some closer friends living in the community, so from time to time they would ask me to drop off their rent check if they weren't going to be in town, one particular person would always stop me before I leave, even if I explained that the particular envelop belonged to another resident, one day... I was annoyed and asked, "Why do ask me that if it does not belong to me? This person is not in town and asked me to drop it off" she responded by saying she was making sure all of it was there...If it was not enough, am I going to pay? Are you going to give me back the check and make their payment late instead? Would you prefer it short or late? Maybe not at all then, common sense, wouldn't you reach out to the client instead of constantly inconveniencing me? Yeah... maybe I am just crazy. The office really lacked customer service, except for one girl, ONE who always addresses everyone that approaches! I have been to that office and no one is in front, and I have had the office manager look at me through the window in her office and I had to walk back there to interrupt her meeting? she could have changed that experience for BOTH her customers but excusing herself and acknowledging me.... But my crazy thoughts persist. Buzz 2- Bread Basket The Amenities are amazing, Business Center, Clubhouse, Pool Cabanas with Wet Bar, Swimming Pools, Hot Tub, Fitness Center, a little dog park i.e. grass. The grounds were cool, Vegas is famous for crickets and roaches, I don't even care because I am used to it, I rarely see them in my apartment and they usually only ever get in under the door (buy one of those seal gel things) or when I open the door to come in, I usually have to play ninja and kill them all. But I will just go ahead and say these "routine spray sessions" they say they conduct is not trueThe community kind of started to go down the gutter, lots of break-ins, unscrupulous characters venturing around and it's not like there is a guard here.  I once came home late and my entire building was blacked out, there were lights inside the apartments but the building itself was out! I mean, I walked upstairs in darkness! The blackouts have happened several times as well, and I have left complaints. It doesn't help that once I was approached by a character who thought it would be great to approach a crazy Jamaicans car to try and be a perve and look up her skirt, I drove away and the person ran off but I made sure to let the office know about that, perhaps I should have called the police, but I didn't think it was necessary because he ran off. Buzz 3- Butterflies in my stomachThe first year I lived here the maintenance was horrendous, when I wanted something done it was a bother, I am just glad that in the past year, because the first 2 sucked, things have gotten way better and requests are carried out as expected. The gym is NOT "State of the art", let me just make that clear. There are a few machines suffice to the workout need, however, they do not maintain that room well, there is a water cooler that has not worked since I first moved there. My final Buzz- Broken Heart Its sad that I have to part ways, because I am so used to my apartment and I liked it for the most part, my rent was going up again, the first year was good because I entered on a special, when the special ended, the rent went to normal and the following year they were attempting to make it go up I asked them if it was possible to keep the price the same, they agreed and that was cool, so this year they raised it again, my two friends who I referred had such a drastic difference in price and both were one bedrooms, just like mine, so when they came to me with the raise I said honestly I am not asking you to drop it or anything, but the new residents are paying so low, and the ones who have been with you for so long, its almost as if you are not trying to keep them. I asked if it could remain the same, they checked with their district manager and then came back with a $10 increase..This is not a huge difference at all, but seriously...that felt spiteful and the principal of it bothered the hell out of me. I'm all buzzed out! I move out in November if you are looking! LOL
1	Over the 6 months of living there, all the apartments in our complex had been broken into except ours. Typically, they steal from the 1 floor because the balcony is an easy exit when they take large items, such as tvs. Since our building faces the 95, no one can notice them stealing, so it's an easy getaway. (Cop told me this)I worked late nights at my job and would try to nap in the afternoon, my door would get knocked on 2- 3 times, when I'd go to the door, no one would ever be there. I knew someone was testing to see if I was home, I spent many times, just staring at the door waiting for it to get busted down.When we had huge rainstorms, our walls and ceilings would leak, and the seal on the front door wasn't sealed well, so water would seep into the doorway. Due to that, we had a huge cockroach problem, the exterminators were always coming over to spray, but that didn't help. Our neighbors also had baby scorpions in their front closet.Also, I could hear the neighbors above me having sex, arguing, and they had a child that sounded like he was practicing a cirque du soleil show at midnight. I'd try to sleep and I thought my ceiling was going to bust down on top of me and that gymnast child would land on my bed. Those neighbors also did laundry at odd hours and vacuumed everyday. My bedroom also faced the stairwell that led up to the second and third floors, so I could hear people coming home at all hours of the night. I also woke up one night to a car crashing in front of my building.When you open the front gates, they stay open for about a minute, so you can have about 5 cars piggyback you in. Many people would sit at the gas station across the street and wait for a renter to come into the gate, follow them in, either rob that person, or break into people's cars, etc. A Henderson police officer TOLD ME this was happening. She told me to sign up to get reports on every time something happened when the police were called. I still get those reports, and its always within a half mile of that complex that there is strong armed robbery, break in, etc. Sometimes, when I came home late at night, the gates would be open! The workout rooms a POS, the tvs, and water fountain never worked, and only 1 treadmill and elliptical worked. The front office always said it was being fixed. 1 pool and hot tub were closed the whole time we were there too, they said it was being "fixed". Not that I ever saw anyone working on it.Everyday, police were there, either arresting someone (I saw a drug bust go down) or just patrolling the area. At night though, the police were never in sight, and that's when all the crimes would occur.Speaking of which, there is only one security guard (Who I never saw) and he works part time, that's what Tammy told us. It was very convenient that the day this "guard" wasn't working that my dad's car was broken into and our U-Haul truck had gas siphoned out of it. I heard car alarms going off all the time. Due to the fact that we had a car broken into, my mom was afraid and wanted to go to a different apartment, although Tammy told us that that wasn't possible.Parking passes were only given to 1person per apartment; Which is BS in my opinion because there were at least 30 open stalls to park at by my place. There was a letter taped onto my door that told me that I needed to pick up after my dog when he went to the bathroom, and that Tammy had "little birdies" who told her everything if I was trying to be sneaky and get away with not picking up after my dog. I ALWAYS picked up after my dogs. Every time I let them outside I had to do an obstacle course to avoid myself from stepping on other dog's poop. Also, the poop that never got picked up was always tiny, and my dogs are fairly large, so clearly not coming from my dogs. Another letter on our door was telling us to pick up our cigarette butts that we left all over the place. (none of us smoke) These letters were never on my neighbor's doors, even though they smoked and owned dogs.To the girl who lived here for a weekend and said this place is great, I'm sure she changed her mind now (unless she lived on the third floor) this neighborhood isn't the greatest since it's close to Boulder highway. This place fools you on the outside. I moved here from Wisconsin, and the whole 6 months I lived here I had seen more crimes, suspicious activity, and police officers than I had in my whole life combined. And when you tell the front office about it, they act like they have never heard of such a thing.The day we moved out we cleaned that place all day to get our security deposit back and the person who did or inspection mixed us up and told us we didn't get our deposit because we left the place "a disaster", so we had to call and complain until they realized their mix up.  Then we all of a sudden owed more money for every month on the rent on certain things that they forgot to add on onto the contract. How many more things can go wrong at this place?
2	The good:Three stars because the layout of our two bedroom apartment was perfect-high ceilings, large windows and plenty of storage space. Location- it's central. 10-15 minutes away from everything.The Bad:The office staff - always rude and bitchy. It seems that they try to screw you over any chance they get. Maintenance - if the office staff actually tell them that we needed something fixed they would be on time.Safety - seems like the police are always here. Either for domestic abuse or break ins. There are cars always waiting to get into the gates at night. Noise - since our unit was close to the free way we always heard cars and people getting pulled over. We were told there was a $75 noise violation fee when we moved in. I guess they didn't tell our other neighbors that. At one point we heard Mexican music playing the whole day for about a week. We called the office it seemed like they didn't say anything since the music kept on going. There was also an annoying dog barking all the time!!!The unit itself was amazing. Office staff are seedy at best. If you can put up with the staff and know how to shoot a gun then go for it.
