5	Another place on my "why I moved to Charlotte" list, and my first retroactive 5 star review.Brunch here on Saturdays back in aught-three was amazing. French pressed black grounds of shockingly dark coffee for cheap - before CLT knew anything other than Dilworth and Starbucks. Vegan sausage, homemade. Farro for brekkie, before it was Batalified. It was a long, long drive but 100% worth it, and a lot of the time, you had to wait, so I guess we weren't the only ones that didn't care.Alas, by time my toukas made it to crown town, they'd put the kybosh on nosh and focus now on martial arts classes, etc. Used to be, post face-stuffing, you'd catch the end of the Kiddie class through the huge windows, and feel kinda guilty that the only reason you ever came was for food. Not that guilty, tho. I miss you, PDBr.
5	We are at the Peaceful Dragon 4-5 times per week for Kung Fu, Tai Chi, and seminars on Chinese medicine and philosophy.  Our 10 year old has been going for 5 years and is now working towards his junior black sash.  Our 7 year-old just started, and wants to take classes every time they are offered.  Both are members of the Leadership Club and are currently reading "The West Point Way of Leadership" as part of their training.I have been taking Tai Chi and Kung Fu for a year now, and have lost 20 pounds, plus have gained much greater strength, stamina, flexibility, and confidence.Classes are more than what you might pay at a strip-mall martial arts school, but you are getting a richer, more vibrant community and a more robust training.
5	Charlotte's only Chang-style Tai Chi Chu'an and Kung Fu school offers programs for children and adults, including Yoga, Meditation, and the Zen Weight Loss Boot Camp. I've been attending for a year and a half and have seen tremendous improvement in my balance, stress levels, focus, and general well-being. The instructors at The Peaceful Dragon have to complete a ten-year training period before teaching others... this is NOT your fly-by-night strip mall martial arts school, but they make Tai Chi and Kung Fu accessible to all ages and abilities.
