4	New sandwich shop on the block! Firehouse just opened a couple days ago right in the strip mall couple doors down from the Walmart Super Center.  The inside is pretty spacious and deco themed like a firehouse. Cute table tops decorated in Dalmatian print.  Service wise, order and pay first, cashiers taking your order are cheerful. Another server will come by to serve your food. No long wait in line, food came out promptly.I ordered the Pork Sandwich. It's featured prominently on the menu on the wall.  The Kings Hawaiian bread is what attracted me to it.  Sandwich reminded me of Kalua pork sandwich, with slaw and mayo dressing. Good amount of meat filled my sandwich. Pork was tender, had a smoky flavor to it. Did not taste any spices though. They must rely on the hot sauces for the added kick because there is huge selection of hot sauces for your sandwiches. The combo comes with chips and a drink.  Oh the drink fountain was pretty unique!  Lots of soda flavors to choose from. My first impression overall it's a cool sandwich place to come by for lunch or a quick bite to eat  when you are shopping here.
3	Decent sandwiches at a good price. A friend and I went for lunch. He ordered he meatball and I had the Italian. I really liked the Italian and would order it again. The meatball wasn't so good but I thought it would be better than it was. I will go back again to try something new.
4	Firehouse Subs opens up closer to me! Granted it's still a drive, but it's the closest one to me now. And it's in an area of town I often frequent.I stopped by today while running errands in the Henderson area and the place was packed. There were only two tables open, and it was about 1:30 in the afternoon. As with other Firehouse Subs this one has that (obvious) this place is made by firefighters feel. From the dalmatian spot tables to the firefighter jackets hanging behind the place where the employees are working.I did wait about 10 minutes for my sandwich to be made. That IS a little long considering this is a sandwich place competing with other places like Subway that make sandwiches pretty darn fast. It's kind of weird to me that sandwiches come out that slow considering how many employees there are working behind the counter. However - all sandwiches are warmed up so maybe that is where the extra bit of time comes into play - I'm not sure. Even though the wait was a bit long I LOVED my favorite Hook & Ladder.While I waited I got a few hot sauces, and there are plenty of them. Do not miss getting some sauces to put on your sandwich. I personally like the Firehouse Subs signature sauce, it reminds be of Batch 88 from Quiznos.Overall I will return to this Firehouse Subs quite a bit I am sure. They are still currently my favorite place to get a sandwich. Oh remember - they give you a pickle with your sandwich combo!
3	I had heard good things about other Firehouse Subs, so when one opened up practically next to me, I said I was going to check it out someday, and driving home from the bank I did just that.The place looked fairly busy for 4pm-ish, and the cashier girl, Tina, was very pleasant. She helped me place my order -- a foot-long Turkey Bacon Ranch sandwich combo.If I could give half-stars, this place would earn another half-star SIMPLY because they have one of the Coke Freestyle machines. Orange Lemonade? Yes please!I made the quick drive home, and dug in. It was a good sandwich.But it was no different from a Subway sub or a Quizno's sub, and both of those places are much cheaper.So, not a bad place overall, but it was a bit overhyped.
3	good subs, the sauces are awesome! they have so many to choose from, it makes the sub!
3	I went there for the first time the other night because I had heard a lot of a good things, and this location is a straight drive down the street from my house. I ordered the Firehouse Hero on wheat which involves turkey, roast beef, honey ham, and provolone. It was delicious! They definitely didn't skimp on the meat. The price was around the same as a Subway sandwich, give or take a dollar, but definitely a jump up in quality.They had one of those fantastic new Coke machines with 120 flavors. Sparkling water, Fanta, Mello Yello, etc., all of which were listed on their cups in case you get lost in the number of flavor combinations you can come up with. Bonus points for lots and lots of drink options.My favorite little quirk about this place was the mini-bar of hot sauces they had on display! I'm terrible at guessing numbers, but I would say they had 30-40 different kinds. I love variety and I love hot sauce on almost everything. Unfortunately, I didn't get to try any because I wanted to get in, eat my sandwich fairly quickly, and get out. That, and it was my first time there so I wanted to try it true and unadulterated. But the former leads me to my next observation:I gave it three stars because I went in about half an hour before closing (I know, shame on me) and felt some hostility from the employees for being there that late. I used to work at a coffee shop on the Strip, so I understand what it's like wanting to go home after a full shift and having to re-wash all the equipment I just cleaned to make someone a drink so close to closing time. But I still never expected to go home any earlier than half an hour after closing. It was a job and all. At Firehouse, a group of people came in a little after I did and one of the girls let out a loud, exasperated sigh and exclaimed, "McDonald's is open 24 hours!" This was clear as day, and totally uncomfortable to hear as a customer.If people wanted a McNasty FartBurger, they would go there. I think it's safe to assume we all know McDonalds' hours. But people show up at Firehouse Subs to give them their business instead because they do have good product. I'll still be back for another sandwich, but I guess I'll just have to make sure I'm hungry at a more convenient time.
5	This is definitely my favorite fast food sub shop. Ingredients are everything, and everything I see and taste here tells me that they're using top-grade fresh ingredients. The brisket sandwich is probably my favorite... and it's the one my wife ALWAYS gets. Unlike her, I often bounce around the menu to try different things. Definitely a step up from Subway, Quiznos, Jimmy Johns, etc in my opinion. As with all of my reviews, I grade each place relative to what I perceive to be its peers - so five star compared to them.
4	This place is worth checking out atleast once.The variety of sauces the theme is okay. Team looks enthusiastic about making sandwiches. If you're tired of Subway/Port of subs try this place.
1	Shitty service! Wouldn't give law enforcement discount unless I was in uniform. And to top it off an employee (mike) was pacing around the dining area on the phone conducting a drug deal.
4	After I made this comment the manager respectfully contacted me and dealt with the situation in a polite manner. And for that I change my review.
4	I always see this place every time I drive by so I decided to stop and try it out.. Good very fresh
3	Pretty good sandwich place. Not greasy or too heavy. I got the number 8 which comes with turkey, Swiss and mushrooms and then you can add all the regular fixins'..lettuce, tomato, onion, mustard etc. the mushrooms tasted like canned mushrooms and weren't hot :(They have a really cool drink fountain (I know, I'm lame) that allows you to customize your drink with different flavorings, i.e. vanilla, strawberry, etc. The service wasn't that great - the girl working at the register was far more interested in chatting with two boys she apparently knew personally and then continued to complain about people hot pushing their chairs in at their tables. Not very professional. I'll probably be back if I'm in the area, but I doubt I'll make a point of going out of my way to eat there in future.
4	After my initial review, the owner of this particular Firehouse Subs reached out to me and recommended I come in and try it again, and that's always something I appreciate, so I said I would fairly soon.That was about two or three months ago? Oops.Well, I finally got around to making good on that the other day when I was making an emergency run to Wallyworld next door. I stopped in and got my order "for here" instead of "to go" this time. Maybe there's something to be said about that choice because the sandwich (a Firehouse Hero, I believe it was called) seemed tastier and fresher right out of the oven.Still a little pricey for a sandwich, especially after upgrading to a combo (and forgetting to get my chips -- that was my fault though), but the meats were plentiful and the veggies crisp. An a-okay sandwich, if you ask me.In the original review I went back and forth between three and four stars and eagerly wished for a half-star. So why the fourth star this time? Staff. The crew seemed really friendly and not like they hated their job. Being in the hospitality industry, customer service is make-or-break, and theirs was quite good. Plus, as I said, I always appreciate it when owners and management go out of their way to touch base with their customers, and that care was reflected in the crew at this Firehouse Subs.Kudos to the Firehouse Subs team for turning a mediocre experience into a solidly good one.
4	Wow, first time in and yep I likey! I split a sandwich, I think it was a club, it was amazing. Really fresh, I am a fan.It was about 8pm on a Thursday, pretty slow (to be honest just myself, hubby and another couple)..The staff was friendly, helpful and prompt, the store is large and very clean!I will be back!
5	I had the Turkey & Cranberry sub without tomatoes and I loved it! I would definitely recommend trying it, if you haven't yet.
2	I had a couple of gripes about this place, that left me unimpressed. For one, it took them 20 mins to finish our order...this seemed long for a sandwich place with ~4 lady's working. But, my major issue was when I got home I saw they had switched up our order too, totally wrong sandwich for me and they put mayo on mine despite my specific request to not have it. I know mistakes happen so...I called them about it and the worker who answered the phone had no phone etiquette. After hearing my complaint she shouts to her coworkers "who made the firehouse sub? You messed up, ya, you give her the wrong sandwich. (Loud sigh) let me talk to my manager, hey this lady is calling cause we gave her the wrong sub, ya I know it was ___ she knows she messed up." SO Awkward. I decided to not go back after that weird interaction even though they offered to replace it.
3	The service was unimpressive and the food took a long time to get to us. But it was tasty. Never been here before. Would try it again sometime but with lowered expectations on quality of service and speed.
5	Great food, great service, and overall best Italian sub ever! I would recommend anyone trying these guys out!
3	The girl that took my order was extremely rude. Every time I go in there she seems to be working and no matter how nice I am to her she won't even crack a smile. Very uncomfortable to talk to her. Food is delicious though.
5	Worlds. Best. Subs. Yum. And you know what else? No matter which Firehouse you go to, it all tastes exactly the same. So, so yummy!
5	In the few months since I moved to the Henderson/LasVegas area, I'm glad I discovered this particular Firehouse Subs quickly!  The place is always spotless, the food is absolutely delicious, (Try the #5 !) &every person on the staff I have come in contact with, has been personable & helpful, and downright friendly!  {And a shout out to my new buddy, "Red" !}Everything about this place will keep me coming back... from the staff, to the awesome sandwiches, to the "free-for-all" Coke machine that lets you mix 3,482 different flavors... LOVE that!And, because of all that, they'll continue seeing me weekly.
5	This place was so good, I had it for the first time and then went back twice within a week.
2	I was excited to try this place because of all the good reviews but it was a huge WOMP for my family. There really isn't anything about this place that positively stood out to us. When we arrived, I remembered quite a few of their tables being dirty. It looked like a big crowd had just left. There were napkins everywhere, pieces of sandwich fillings on the floor and the chairs were strewn about like a tornado just hit. The service was friendly, but the sandwiches themselves were lackluster and just don't have enough power in them to keep us coming back.
5	I love this location.  I have had many issues with Firehouse locations (the one on S. Rainbow comes to mind, here in Vegas) getting my order wrong, but this one has gotten it right every time.  I love the steaming process.  The ingredients always seem fresh.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  And it is always clean in here.  The one downside is I wish they were Open 24 Hours like Subway is.  I work overnights and would love to eat there more often either before work or after work.
1	Okay my first thoughts on the location was that the company is very well branded and people seem to like the subs. However I was hungry, so I ordered a  Smoke House cheddar and the cashier asked me if I wanted med or large. I said medium (thinking they were asking about the drink since the combo comes with a bag of chips). I was very disappointed to open the bag when I got home to see a small flimsy looking excuse for a sandwich... The taste was amazing but don't go here if you are hungry!!! too pricy for what you get. Service was nothing to boast about.. Okay now I have to go get some food cause I'm still hungry. This was one of the worst examples of a poor value I have ever experience, The picture looked bold and meat filled but the actual sandwich is worthless... Being a Chef myself I would be embarrassed to let such a small portion make its way to one of my guests!
5	Once upon a time when I was just a kid in Florida I put heaven in my mouth. Excuse me, let me translate. Heaven is an Italian Sub from this place. Holy mother of Sandwiches. This is the greatest sandwich of all time. This sandwich wipes it's butt with other sandwiches... Then cuts it's own butt off so you don't have to taste the impurity of lesser sandwiches in your glorious meal. On the side? Psh, I just toss in a bag of salt n vinegar chips for a little extra awesome. Your choice but the chips add a little extra flavor to sitting down while you wait on your sandwich being made. Which is awesome because it keeps me from drooling while I wait on my sandwich from the gods. Drink? Well they have a drink machine that makes 4.5 billion different combinations. I maybe fudged the numbers a little because I don't actually know but that machine can make just about whatever kind of drink you could want with a sandwich. Service? This is a pretty easy one to nail. Be nice, make a sandwich. Place sandwich in front of customer. And they nail it every freakin time. If you are expecting more you should probably hire someone to follow you everywhere and play music while they compliment you because you shouldn't really be criticizing the sandwich shop for not high fiving you.... Wait, that would be friggin awesome. I've never gotten a high five with my sandwich made from pure concentrated awesome. Deducting 0.0000001 stars. Cleanliness. This particular firehouse is clean as can be anytime I've been there.Surprisingly in almost every firehouse I've been to the standards remain freakishly the same unlike some other popular chains. It's always clean, service is always good and the sandwiches taste just as awesome.I'm sorry that I only have 2 thumbs to point in an upward direction. If I could bath in a toxic spill so that I could grow more thumbs, let's say... Infinity Thumbs. I would give Firehouse Subs infinity thumbs up. Specifically the Italian sub.
4	Loved the cranberry turkey sandwich. It was great and no one was there @ 10:30am so we had the place all to ourselves. I would've gave it 5 stars if the sub was bigger.
4	My very first time to eat subs besides subway. This sub was way to yummy than other subs. I'm pretty sure I'll go back to this subs resto again love their subs...Place is nice and clean with nice staff...
5	1st timer  tried it on a recommendation for a local. This will become a regular stop on my Vegas trips. The portions were big the choice of hot sauces was incredible and super clean. See you in Jan for CES, probably several times
