5	I can't stress enough how pleased I am with this company. These guys are the meaning behind "customer satisfaction"...... thanks again guys, and I will be telling everyone that I know about your company!!!!!Thanks,Merry
5	What a good company with great people! I would, and will, recommend them to anyone moving anything.  I had a baby grand piano to move and they took detailed and attentive care of it.  They were fast and efficient, not to mention conversational and fun along the way.  Great business, friendly people and honest hard work.  They were very respectful, careful, and quick!  My entire move was done in less than an hour and a half!  Granted, I didn't have much, but it's great to work with an honest company who is out there doing their best  - and their best is the best around!I've moved 5 times in the past 2 years, I've worked with good companies, this one tops them all.  Many Thanks,
3	I hired this company a couple weeks ago. Donnie and darryl (?) Were hard workers, took virtually no breaks, smiled, and didnt complain too much, even with a few moving surprises. There was a miscommunication with office and movers so what they thought would be a few hr job ended up taking  almost 9 hours! I felt uncomfortable being the bad news bearer. The three stars is because, after about 5-6 hours, the "care" kinda dwindled a bit. So a few things got scratched or slight damage. I feel that if the office had told the movers about the size of the job, that they wouldve been more prepared. I would hire Donnie again for a smaller move.
4	Thanks yelpers for helping me select a great company to move me!I was very anxious about the reviews I had been reading on the moving companies here in LV. But when I found this review, I was pleasantly at ease. Sean, the owner made my reservation and he was very informative and helped me feel comfortable with my choice.  They arrived 30 minutes early which was a-ok with me, I was on a tight time-frame and made a special call to please please please request that they not be late.  The two movers were workin' fools, they didn't stop once.  I was impressed.  They were really funny too, in between them coming in and out of the house they would crack me up. It was almost like I hung out with some friends for the afternoon. So far, I haven't found any damaged items, fingers crossed. They are resonably priced $65/hour with an hour and half minumum. But they only accept cash, I wasn't told this when I booked so I had to make an extra stop.  It wasn't that big of deal, but it still would have been nice to know. Don't forget to tip them!!Overall, great experience.
4	SO we hired them again for my fiance's move. Our appointment was for 1-2 p.m. and they showed up at 5:45 p.m, which is fine, we didn't care.  The only thing we have to say about this time was that since we were not the first move of the morning, they were for sure waaaaaay slower than before.  What should have taken 20 minutes took too long. But again, all in all, we are still pleased with their service. Great dudes!Try to make your appointment first of the day, MORNING!
5	These guys were AMAZING.  We had a two part move and they completed it quickly and efficiently.  Two guys showed up on time they were clean cut and extremely polite and well mannered.  They handled my stuff like it was their own,  We offered them breaks and even food but they refused to even take a break until every last piece of furniture was moved and in place (we are talking about 6 hours of non stop work!!) I would use these guys again in a heart beat!
