2	I'm not a fan of this walgreens for a few simple reasons. There is always a line at checkout, the store closes at 10pm, and that screws me because the redbox machine is inside.
3	Totally OK.Employees are mostly friendly as well as helpful. The store is clean. And checkout is quick. To leave the shop going south on Hayden you have to battle the fatty McDonald's traffic, but it's easy-peasy otherwise.
4	Great location and friendly service.
1	The old lady at the checkout is extremely RUDE! The manager is ever more RUDE! Stay away from this store at all costs!
3	My experiences are both positive and negative. The positives were all related to Photo Dept. The dept is 5 stars. People in this dept are knowledgeable, patient, clear and truly pleasant.
1	This is my first review as a yelp user and I've made this account specifically because of how bad my experience has been here. If I could write a worse review about the photo department at this Walgreens I would. I live in the general vicinity of this Walgreens and have taken film there to be developed multiple times in the past month. Of the three times I have brought film to be developed here the staff has managed to ruin two of my rolls. I have taken film photography for more than a year and know how to handle film properly. In these cases I bought disposable cameras from that same Walgreens and returned the cameras around a week later to have the film developed. The first time i assumed it was my own error but after my most recent experience I know I am not at fault. Not only did the staff have no idea why such a thing would happen but also they could not find the roll of film to return to me. This most recent time I had to wait for close to an hour while they rummaged through their stuff trying to find the film. When they actually found the film and gave it back to me it was completely blank, no negatives, no number/lettering, nothing. I assume this was the case the previous time as well the only difference being they weren't even able to find the film. Needless to say I spent around 35 dollars on the two disposables with which the film was ruined (one being waterproof), and moreover invested close to 10 hours of my life shooting recent roll to come out of it with nothing to show for except a blank ruined roll of film.
5	I Love how every time I come in here the associates are very welcoming. If they see you, they offer their assistance :)   Keep it up!
4	Whoever was a the beauty counter, and showed me the new brow  kit, after I was looking around at brushes is Awesome.The beauty section? department? here is great, and the Walgreen employees really help and give you advice and are honest if they don't know. But try to answer all questions. It is great! Love going to Walgreen for my cheaper make up.
