4	Yeah, a snowball/shaved ice place by me!  I grew up in NOLA eating snowballs all summer long and have missed them being out West.  I know there are a few places around, but never one near me, so I am excited!  Woot!I found this place by accident when I was filling up my gas tank and crying over the bill, especially since I have to get premium gas. OUCH!  As I was wiping the tears out of my eyes, I saw a beacon of hope just across the parking lot!  Was I really seeing a snowball joint just 25 feet away?!?! I rubbed my eyes and opened them again and it was still there, with a golden halo surrounding it and angels singing Hallelujah in the background!  No joke, it was a totally, magical moment for me!Anyway, to my review....Polar Snow is a little travel trailer parked in the Chervon parking lot.  You might not see it from the street, but it is there!  They had about 30 flavors available on the day I was there.  They ranged from your regular flavors like banana, cherry, fruit punch to more exotic ones like Tiger's Blood, as well as special flavors the owners have created.  Definitely a flavor or 2 for anyone who pops by.  The also offer several sizes for really cheap!  The smallest was $2 and the largest was $5.  There were also add in options of sweet cream or ice cream for $.50.  Extra yummy goodness right there!They also had something called the Polar Soda.  It is like an Italian Soda but even better!  I tried it with half vanilla half strawberry and I was in love!  I think what makes it so special is all of the sweet cream they add to the drink.  It was just awesome and I totally recommend it!  As for the snowball, I went with my all time favorite which is the Orange Dreamsicle.  That thing of beauty is an orange snowball covered in sweet cream.  You then mix it all up and you have a spoonful of heaven.  Awww, pure bliss!So when you are melting in the Vegas heat, pop over to get some yummt deliciousness that will also cool you off!  Yummy snowballs!
5	Awwww, Polar Snow, how I love thee!Polar Snow has been my hang out all summer long!  I reviewed it way back when they first opened, so I figure it is time to update the Yelp community on the awesomeness that is Polar Snow!I had to bump these guys up to 5 stars for the awesome customer service!  Every time I have stopped by, I have been greeted by a super big smile, a friend hello, and just a nice atmosphere.  Great customer service goes a long way with me and I want to congratulate them on their A+ service!Another reason for the added star is that I am totally addicted to their Polar Soda.  I mentioned it in my previous review, but I need to shout it from the mountain top how brilliant this yummy, tasty drink is!  It is like an Italian soda times 10!  You can order it in any of the snow flavors, which is then it is mixed with sweet cream and soda water to make a FANTABULOUS drink!  Yes, I said fantabulous because fantastic and fabulous alone just don't do this drink justice.  I have to get one at least once a week or I start twitching a bit.  My addiction is hardcore!  At least my fix is only $3, so I won't break the bank succumbing to my needs.  My favorite options for the soda are Strawberry/Vanilla, Cake Batter, and Orange/VanillaThe Snow (Snow cones for those of you out of the loop) is also super duper good as well.  The serving size is huge, especially compared to the price.  You can get an awesome treat for $2.  That's right, $2!!!  It is a great place to grab a sweet snack.I have tried a lot of the flavors over the summer either in a Polar Soda or a Snow.  All have been really good and did not disappoint.  I do think my favorites have been the Red Velvet, Cake Batter, Tiger's Blood, and of course the Orange/Vanilla split.Another amazing thing Polar Snow does is give you a 2 for 1 coupon every time you visit and pay the regular price.  Talk about a great idea for repeat business!  I love a good coupon, so Polar Snow, you hit the head of the nail with this deal.  Thanks for being so affordable and delicious all at the same time!So the moral of the story is you need to head over to Polar Snow and get yourself a yummy treat ASAP!
5	This little tiny inconspicuous Shack off to the side of a gas station is home to some truly amazing snow cones.  So many flavors of delicious indulgence to choose from it will make your head spin!  Not to mention the couple that are usually there running it are truly just hilarious.  I love this place!  Not to mention when you go there you get a buy 1 get 1 free card for next time!  You guys rock keep up the amazing work and out of this world attitudes!!!
5	My favorite place to go at night or the heat of the day !! And the snow is awesome !!
5	Super yummy and refreshing!  Good pricing too. The largest size is called "Polar," and it's 24 oz for $5. The smallest one is perfect, and it's only $2 for an 8 oz cup. Tons of flavors, but it takes a while for him to make them. #worththewait
4	Finally stopped by to try this place. A great refreshing treat on a hot summer day. Good selection of flavors. Pretty decent shaved ice, but not quite as fluffy as the kind from Hawaii. But definitely not the gravel like snow cones that try to pose as shaved ice. Just a portable food truck parked in the gas station parking lot and only one person inside to serve and make your order. So it could be a bit of a wait if there is a line in front of you, but definitely worth the wait. Will be back for sure.
4	Driving over to help some friends move in the heat of the day, my fella saw this little "truck/cart" on the corner of Mountain Vista and Russell.  He's been craving snow cones for weeks, so this was a great find. Service was pleasant, and we were offered samples.  We opted for a medium coconut tiger's blood, which was super sweet and tasty.  I'd come back here to try the other flavors for sure!
5	My shaved ice was soooo bomb I wanted to drive way across town to get another one! I had a large with banana, coconut, and pineapple and sweet cream on top. Nice and sweet how I like it, simply perfection... The customer service was also great.
5	This place is so yummy, reminds me of my vacation in Kauai! Visit it before they hibernate for the winter. The tigers blood is my favorite - a combination of three flavors. The pricing is affordable, and they always hand out a 2-for-1 coupon to use on your next visit.We can usually bribe the kids to do any chore, in exchange for a trip here! :)
