1	We were in the area (Pork Shop, Queen Creek Olive Mill) and had a gift certificate (restaurants.com) so decided to stop by and see what someone on AZCentral was going on about. Well that person was loony as Mel Gibson at a traffic stop. This place was just horrible! If it weren't for our friends ( MJ "split-personality" K.'s) and good conversation this would have been a complete loss. The chips were incredibly greasy and the salsa was just alright, super runny tho. Cheese crisp was very yummy (the one star) but the rest, oooof, just nasty! Chicken Torta was dry and horribly bland.. Carne Asado Burrito, chewy fatty meat, no pico and no guacamole! Service was slow and awkward. Our friends ordered fish tacos.. they were certainly from a plastic bag with a man in a yellow rain suit on it! Just cause there are Mexican making the food there, doesn't mean it's any good.
5	We have been eating at Don Pedros for over a year and just love it. The place is never empty and its not because there is nothing else to eat in Queen Creek. If your looking for the "Garcias" type Mexican food, there are two other places in Queen Creek for that! But if you like real Mexican food, Don Pedros is for you! Even though busy, we have never had to wait long to be seated and the service is always great. The owner always walks around to the tables to make sure everything is to your liking! And, I likey!!! YUM  They also have Poker and Karaoke on Saturdays! Very fun!
4	The breakfast is what I like about this place.  They have such an amazing breakfast that includes traditional American means and the traditional Mexican breakfast foods.  Everything I have had - pancakes, hash browns, eggs etc, or the chorizo burrito and other Mexican breakfasts - It was all yummy.  If you are tired of only having fast food options for breakfast in the un-incorporated Pinal county (they call Queen Creek) then try this place - you will not be let down.
2	Don Pedros or DP's as we call it out here.  I will tell you this,, I love the location of the place since i live right down the street ,  but as far as the food goes,,  It is edible,, but mediocre compared to the other mexican joints i have been to.  I really hoped that they would have good food, being so close to the house but it just doesnt do it.  I actually will drive 10 miles past it to go to Ricos on power & Riggs.  If you want good mexican food and you dont mind driving a little ways,  go to "Xaviers Casa Reynoso" on Val Vista & Southern.  You will definitely forget about DP's..
3	Like it, don't love it. Mostly like it cause it's down the street.... Food kinda all tastes the same. The waitresses have always been nice and owner is always around making sure your table is doing good. Good for kids because it's never too quiet.
2	The good:The food was actually tasty.The bad:It was a little on the less than hot side and could stand some time under a broiler.The ugly:The 4 people (5 including us) wandering the restaurant with bill and credit card in hand looking for someone to pay. We waited 20 mins before getting up to look for someone who wanted to take our money. Oh yeah, they forgot to bring our appitizer and seemed to not believe us but eventually took it off the bill.
1	I took my wife out for dinner here and her food was way too spicy for her to eat, I tried it and it was making me sweat. We told the owner about it and said she could not eat this as it was very spicy and burning her mouth. The owner looked at her and said "It depends on the season for his peppers and he cannot control that" He then just walked away and offered nothing of further service. We told the waitress what he did and that we didn't even get a water refill the whole time we were there. She ran to the owner and told him and he came to our table and told me and my wife to F-OFF!! and we are paying for the meal she did not eat and not to come back. Well I will never go back to this place and had to take the wife somewhere else for dinner.. This place is a joke, avoid at all cost..
1	I have lived in the area for seven years and have been to DP's numerous times. I have only gone back just to give them another chance to redeem theirselves because it is close and I want to be able to enjoy dinner that is close. So far they have disappointed me every time. The food is edible but is no way authentic, those that think it is probably are from other states and don't really know any better. If Filibertos is real Mexican food to you then this is the place for you. The food is comparable but with less choice. My real big problem though is the service, or should I say lack there of. They are horrible. I want to like this place because it is a nice looking place but don't be fooled. Try it at your own risk, hopefully your experience will be better but for me I have yet to have a good experience. I will say the bar is good if you need a place to hang though. The one star is because I can't give it no stars.
4	Good food Good service nothing incredibly special but what they serve is very good. nice bar not very many TVS so if you are a fan of other teams besides the cardinals may not be able to watch it here.
3	I'm only giving three stars because of the salsa bar and the social aspect of this place. I came to visit this area and found that they have a poker night on Tuesdays. it is a fun place to hang out if you're way the heck over in this side of the valley, but the food is nothing to go crazy over.I'm certain that they could go authentic if they wanted to do so, but it appears that they are catering to the middle aged white folk who like the super tamed down versions of Mexican cuisine.The Salsa Bar is good and has some good Salsa's, but most things that I have tried, would be considered more of a bar food style dish that gets the job done while enjoying a Margarita or beverage and chatting with some locals.The staff is super nice, and most people seem to know each other. The atmosphere is simple, fun, down to earth, and social.Stop in to play poker on a Tuesday night or to grab a quick meal during the week, but don't go in expecting an authentic Mexican experience.In a nutshell, this is a neighborhood joint that has conformed to it's clientele, which seems to have low expectations and are more appreciative of a friendly, and social atmosphere.Cheers! =)
5	We go every week with a restaurant.com card and have dinner and drinks with tip for $20!  Let someone beat that for a sit down lots of great food restaurant! The servers are very nice. Drinks are large. Margaritas are very tasty and the chips are homemade and served hot.  We love it.
1	I went there for the first time a few months ago after wanting to check it out for awhile, and honestly was NOT impressed. The food was gross, and I actually for the first time ate a taco that was the worst taco I have ever had (and I have never come across a taco I didn't like). It was almost sweet tasting. Also, for two days after eating there I had major digestive problems. My stomach hurt and was upset. I hadn't eaten anything out of the ordinary except for eating there. The service was okay, food was delivered quickly and the environment was okay, prices were typical. No reason for me to go back though.
5	Don Pedro's is a good Mexican restaurant (very tasty food) and I am a return customer.
5	I just moved here from Southern California and this is the first Mexican place I've tried. Great selection, but simple menu.  Good happy hour specials. Great prices and HUGE portions! I had the chicken flautas and cheese quesadilla and it was WAY too much - had to take most of it home.
4	Good food - nice options for kids - good margaritas.  Clean restaurant... We will keep going back!
3	Don Pedro's is a decent cantina with some good Mexican food.  I have gone here a few times for lunch and wouldn't be against stopping by again.
5	There was just something about this place that made lunch amazing. The taco's were great. the HOT salsa was very good. the place was clean. Went for lunch after the rush and it was nice and quiet. Staff was attentive, polite, and the other customers rounded out the Amazing experience. I'll be back the next time I'm that far away from home.  This place is the Nickleback of Mexican Places:) I rate it 5 out of 5 Churros.
3	My husband and I live in San Tan Valley, and with very limited choices for Mexican restaurants we decided to try Don Pedro's. We stopped in for lunch during the week. There were only a few other tables occupied at the time. The waitress was very friendly and quick to take our drink orders. The menu is not extensive, so we each chose a lunch plate. I ordered the cheese enchilada and taco combo plate, and my husband ordered a burrito. The waitress informed him that the only thing that comes in the burrito is the meat. I found that to be odd as every other Mexican restaurant I have been to have at least included cheese. He was able to add sour cream and enchilada sauce for an additional charge. Both plate came with rice and beans. My enchiladas were very greasy. You could see the oil pooling on the plate. The rice and beans were good. The taco ended up being the best part of the meal. I ordered mine with only ground beef and cheese. The meat had a very nice flavor, and the taco shell was not greasy. My husband enjoyed his burrito.The prices for dinners were fairly high, and for the quailty of food I received I would prefer the lunch price to be lower. Overall, I would return to Don Pedro's as it is most convenient. Next time I will only order the tacos!
4	The food is very good (at least the Albondigas, which is what I ate). Complimentary chips (warm) are offered and they have a nice selection of salsas.  The margarita's are also excellent as is the sangria. It's not fine dining - it's a nice casual place for an informal meal. There is also a separate bar with some TVs. The only downside that I observed is the service can be spotty. It's friendly but they do not seem to have a dedicated hostess at the front so you can wait a while to be seated. And if they are busy, the service is very, very slow.  Note to management - hire more staff and more customers will return.  Also, the web site says they accept reservations. They do not.  I would return but not if it was crowded.
2	Don Pedro's is not a place I would really recommend, but could do in a pinch if you're out and about and don't want to go to McDonald's. Just don't expect too much or you will be disappointed.The food was okay, but not what I'd refer to as authentic Mexican by any means. Not fast, and not spicy like I look for when I hit up a Mexican joint. The chips were good (can't really screw those up) and the salsa was decent, but not the best I've had.The actual food we ordered wasn't very flavorful, and all of the shrimp was precooked frozen shrimp, not the fresh stuff you'd expect at a restaurant. We were one of three tables filled in the entire restaurant. The waitress was friendly but it was nearly impossible to get our ticket paid for. We had to wait for about 15 minutes to get a cashier. That was unpleasant.The prices were a bit high for Mexican food. Usually the joints we visit are super cheap, which I love! So, that was a bit of a let down.
1	Worst Mexican food ever!! Do not eat here under any circumstances. Machaca - horrible.#1 combo for lunch. Two tacos. The shredded chicken was just nasty and the shredded beef was like beef chowder in a taco. The tortillas were served barely warmed. Salsa - tasted spaghetti sauced based.Should have listened to the yelp reviews!!!
5	Don Pedro's not a bad local watering hole. That being said if you have the pleasure of ever having been served by a hostess named Sammi you know of what I speak. Hands down best bartender in this area, attentive, personable and most importantly friendly. Check it out!
5	Had a great time! We had a group of local businesses (San Tan Leads) get together this morning and it rocked! Carmen took great care of us and the buffet breakfast was awesome! Definitely recommend them for a group meeting place!
3	Decent Mexican food in San Tan Valley...I've had both the carnitas plate and the carnitas torta and both were pretty good.  They have a salsa bar, which is nice and means that whatever your taste, they probably will have a salsa that you will enjoy.  The service has always been good as well.  The only downside is that the building is a bit run down and happy hour in the bar can get a bit rowdy.  However, if you're looking for decent Mexican food, live in the area, and don't want to drive too far, Don Pedro's is a pretty good option.
1	Don Pedro's has officially closed down now.   Good luck to the family.   Sad to see a local business close down,  but they had been guttering in food quality and service for quite some time.
