4	Recently had some auto work done.  Prices charged are well within range if you compare them to repairpal.com.  Any dealer will be exponentially well above any repair average costs!Standard warranty is 1 year on parts and 3 months labor.  They will try to sell you on providing 1 year labor for around $20 extra.
1	I went into this location yesterday and stood around for 20 min waiting to be helped. Finally got tired of waiting and went personally to the garage and found 1 guy doing work and the other off on his phone texting. I explained how i had been waiting and what the issue was with my car. All this for him to tell me to go see Matthew. Matthew was no where in site! Ugh finally said screw everyone and ill just tow my car home. This location will never receive my business.
4	I had a wonderful experience last night!I received a flat tire a few nights ago and couldn't find a single place open to do the repair. Pep Boys is open until 9 so I headed there. I had been to Pep Boys in Philadelphia so they were able to see that I was a rewards member and I would qualify for a free tire repair if the repair was standard (not in the side). They were able to do the repair right then and I was on my way free of charge.I had a little bit of trouble tracking someone down to help me in the beginning but once it got started everything ran smoothly. They even came in and gave me an update half way through!
2	I arrived at 8:55a, five minutes before my oil change reservation.  A gentleman at the service counter said he would be right with me and when he finished up he asked how he could help.  I told him I had a reservation for an oil change at 9.  He got all my info and directed me to the waiting room.  I asked how long it would take.  He said that they would be pulling may car into the garage and that it should be done in "no time."After waiting 45 minutes my vehicle still had not been moved from spot I parked in when I arrived at the shop.  Work had, however, begun on the vehicles belonging to the two gentleman that arrived after me.  I questioned the manager about the situation and assure me it was a mistake and apologized.  Whatever.Since I knew I would still be there for a while, I cruised around the store to pass the time.  I had a question about some of the car wash/wax products, so I asked an associate for help.  He had no product knowledge and was unable to explain the differences between the products despite the significant price difference.  He realized I was annoyed with his lack of useful information and explained that he had a "crappy car" so he didn't use and of the wash and wax products.  Whatever.Finally, at 1030a, my vehicle was ready.  They get two starts for completing the service, but that is it.  I will not return to this location.
1	This location does not even deserve one star. Will give them a star so I can write a review.I have been going to this place for about 16 years. The first 14 years the service was ok. Close to my home and they have convient hours. I would give them 3 stars for the first 14 years. Past two years they changed the management and it shows in the service. Many things have gone wrong with this Pep Boys location the past few visits. Will NEVER go to this location again. Dont feel like explaining the issues I had cause there are too many and I get irriatated. So many other places to choose from. Looking forward to trying a new garage. No way will they be worse than this location. A couple of friends feel the same way. Just from us this location is going to lose a lot of business.
2	Okay i don't even know where to start... i have been going to this Pep Boys since forever because it is right down the street. But, so I've been told, they changed the management 2 years ago, and it REALLY shows in their service. i was just there today, and i don't care to go into detail because i'm going to get upset again, but basically, the service is SLOW,they are just rude and don't want to take time with a PAYING COSTUMER. The service men are always messing around and they are just as useless as the people running the place inside. They messed up my warranty on my car battery and wouldn't help me change anything because the guy that sold it to me didn't work there anymore so there was "nothing they could do about it'. AND THEN they mess up the charges at the end, and were trying to charge me $40 more than what was talked about to begin with. Idk i was just so frustrated waiting in the freezing cold waiting room and was just annoyed at all of them the whole time. Never again.
1	One word SLOW appointments are worthless. You arrive 15 minutes early and get in 45 minutes late. They say 45 minutes to an hour it takes 2 hours.
4	Went in for a simple battery purchase and swap. Prices were very reasonable. I was quoted 45-60 minutes for them to replace the battery. I drove away from the garage 14 minutes after I walked in the front door. It was a very pleasant experience and I appreciated the fact that they really hustled to take care of the replacement quickly. This was one of the best experiences I've had getting any kind of service on my car.
2	Went in leaking coolant looking for a diagnosis and wanted and oil change, turns out my head gasket is blown so they said, later on he didn't realize it but he said it might be blown. This has happened before, as soon as you mention you overheated once just a little the diagnosis is needing a new head gasket. even if there's no white smoke, oil in coolant, coolant in oil, loss of power or all of the other symptoms of a blown head gasket. It's an expensive repair and one they seem to love suggesting you need done. They found I am leaking coolant from my water pump which seems like a reasonable diagnosis. Your service guy needs a little lesson in tact in letting people know they're car needs a lot of work too.
2	bought tires a few years ago and they said they would be in in 2 days when in and not there and that happen 2 more times. then they finally got it on about 3 weeks later i hit a nail close to my side wall and the tire had less than 100 miles. they decided they could patch it. i also go the road hazard warranty. about 4 months later i hit a nail 2 inches from were the other nail was equivalent to. they said they would give me a premium tire.  walked out and never went back. so the moral of my storie is, if its going to cost them money then there going to try to do it for cheaper if its going to cost you money then your going to have to pay top dollar
3	I can't rate the service department, but I did enjoy pretty good customer service in the store itself.I walked in the door and was greeted by a salesperson.  I told him I needed a headlight bulb that would fit a 2008 Mazda 3.  He looked up the answer on his computer, walked me back to the section of the store where bulbs are stocked, and grabbed the cheapest one that worked with my car.  The guy was really friendly, even giving me the impression that he could have talked my ear off for another hour or two if I would let him.  He also didn't try too hard to convince me to have the bulb installed by the store after I said I could do it myself (it's one of the few things other than pumping gas, and changing a windshield wiper blade, that I know I can do on my own).  I also like when some one knows that "no" means "no."Sure, he was just doing his job.  But nowadays it's getting more rear to see people get the small details right when it comes to helping customers.
1	Terrible service experience! I went in to buy some tires, so I was waiting at the tire service counter with one person in front of me and another behind me. The advisor who was helping the person in front of me said to me I'll be with you in just a moment sir, at which I nodded and said that's fine. Well after about 10 mins I am still waiting... now the person in front of me is outside the store with the advisor, I am at the counter waiting for help, one person behind me. While I am at tbe counter, another advisor walks up to the person behind me and says how can I help you, and took them to another service counter. The person behind me was foreign, and obviously didn't get that what she was doing was rude behavior, however the Service Advisor should have! I waited 5 more minutes to no avail, I left the store, they lost a sale. Very unprofessional, I will not go here again.
5	Excellent customer service from Gene! Great personality & extremely honest & helpful! We will be back!
1	I have a 2013 ford, base model, and I went to this pep boys to get an oil change and tire rotation. The customer service rep was awesome!! However it took an hour and a half because "I had to take a lot of stuff off and this car is really new" in the words of the mechanic. And the icing on the cake was that he couldn't figure out how to reset the oil change light and that I need to take it to the dealer and have them do it. Awesome. I have always gone to pepboys in California and they have never had an issue with this. Looks like the manager of this location needs to evaluate the training of his employees.
5	Honest, friendly, and timely service at very reasonable prices. The Pep Boys staff I have encountered during the service of 3 vehicles has been truly outstanding. Gene, Jose, Dennis,  and Brian; thank you so much! Car trouble and maintenance can be stressful but your positive,  upbeat attitudes mixed with a bit of humor is greatly appreciated.Keep up the great service!Thanks, Tony B.
5	My battery died and had purchased at pep boys and forgot the receipt! Tried looking up but couldn't find but Gene was so nice he actually believed me! That is rare... He put new Battery in car and said there you are... No charge...he prorated to date I told him purchased and am good for couple years! Thanks Gene, you know what customer service is... When I need tires or brakes pep boys is where I'm going
1	This place is hit or miss. I had a really nice guy the first time but this last time was horrible. I waited by customer service while 5 people were doing whatever behind the counter. I asked for help and they said they would be right with me. Another 5 minutes later I ask this other guy, Maunel for help. He is polite and apologized for the wait. I aka for an oil change and rotation and ask for my fluids to be topped off. He says there's a 45 min wait and I said just call me when it's finished. An hour and a half goes by and no call. Manuel's at lunch and so a guy checks us out. He is nice and friendly. He confirmed all the work was done that I asked. But next day oil light comes on and the fluids aren't filled. So much for that. Called manager and they said they needed to see the car to confirm there was no oil in it. Some service! Oh and they told me they don't actually fill fluids up so if you want full service or good service better try elsewhere!
4	Just had a great experience with this location. I spend a lot of time in CA and I use Pep Boys for all my automotive needs. I have been looking for a store here in Phoenix that I could trust, and I believe I have found it. Took my car in for a tune up and Gene recommended that we let them take a look before spending money on an expensive repair. Turns out, it wasn't a tune up issue after all, but, a fuel delivery problem. Gene saved me some money and made me a reason to keep coming back to this location. Ask for Gene!
