5	We hired Ray the DJ after extensive dj research for our wedding. There are so many bad djs out there that we wanted to be sure. Ray the DJ has very competitive prices and Brenda who is in the main office is terrific. She answered all of our e-mails quickly and was always very professional. We hired Marcus from Ray and he was awesome!! He meet with us before we even hired him so we could find out about his background and experience. We loved Marcus right away. However, at Ray they give you the chance to choose a different DJ in case you don't "click" with your first DJ. Marcus was very professional and played all the songs we requested and provided us with great suggestions. After the wedding we got so many compliments about our DJ. For any brides out there looking for a great DJ I would highly recommend Ray the DJ and Marcus.
5	Ray made our wedding reception absolutely phenomenal! He timed all of the little special requests perfectly (like me surprising my husband with a groom's cake). He read the group on the dance floor perfectly and because of that, we didn't stop dancing until our time ran out. He even went along with a surprise our friends had for us that called for a certain song. Could not have imagined that night as perfectly as it turned out. Thank you Ray!
5	Jeremy at Ray the DJ was simply fantastic. I met with at least 6 other DJs before finding Jeremy. Not only were his prices $250 below all the others, he was friendly, professional, knowledgeable, and went above and beyond to ensure I got what I wanted. He offered several add-ons to my package, but never pushed. He communicated with me regularly and gave suggestions, but never tried to steer me away from the music and vision I had for my reception. I loathe the cheesy DJ thing, and he was the epitome of class and professionalism. My guests danced the entire time, and that is the true mark of a great DJ. You will NOT be disappointed with Jeremy at Ray the DJ!
5	The decision on the DJ for our wedding was made the moment we met with Jeff from Ray the DJ.  He is older for a man of his profession (not a kid in his 20's that you'd expect to be working as a party/event DJ) but it didn't take long for him to win us over.  The man is all charm and character.  We could tell that he really loved music and what he does.  I almost wanted to pull him out from behind the turntables, sit down, and have a few drinks with him. He couldn't have been any better at the reception.  He played everything we asked for, flowed perfectly with our timeline (including working with us to finish some schmoozing before moving on to the next part), He could get our guest's attention but never tried to make himself the star of the show, and he knew how to keep the party going.  The only negative thing I can say about Jeff was that he took an awful request from my new sister in law (but in all fairness to him, she wanted to dance with her husband to their wedding song, so I can't blame him), but he quickly recovered as soon as the track ended.  Probably with the exception of that song, people were on the dance floor until the final song.
5	For our wedding, we were very wary about DJ's because we had been to many wedding where the DJ absolutely sucked.....well not this company!Our DJ was Mike, and he was awesome! We met two or three times prior to the wedding just to go over everything, and Mike made sure that he had all the correct info. My dad STILL says how great he was, and our wedding was over 2 months ago! We constantly heard how great he was from many ages of our guests. I would recommend this company to anyone looking for a good time.Mike also was the MC for the wedding, and he did a great job! No complaints in any way at all! Their website is also very very helpful when it comes to picking songs. We weren't picky about songs, and chose to trust him when it came to the music, and boy are we happy we did that! Like i said before, everyone loved him!!! Great job Ray the DJ!
