5	I could not be happier with the permanent roof that was built over my deck by the guys at Extreme decks. The job was completed quickly and the results were better than I expected. The guys went out of their way to work with the inspector and meet the stringent expectations for our township. They even helped us out with some extras we asked for including putting up an outdoor tv and building a large wooden gate to match our deck in order to keep our toddler contained. Unlike other contractors we have used, I would highly recommend Extreme decks for all of your outdoor living space needs.
5	Yes. Aaron and his crew at Extreme Decks have built 3 great decks for me as well as other interior remodeling work. Always a high level of craftsmanship and customer service. They are quality builders at a very fair price. I will hire them again.
1	We invited Extreme Decks to give us an estimate on rebuilding the wooden part of our front stoop.  Given the historical nature of the existing structure, we explained that we wanted them to remove and replace only the rotted support posts and to leave a decorative upper portion in place.Several weeks later the team chose to work on this project when I could not be at home.  That was great because it got the project done faster.  However, due to poor communication amongst the team, much that should have stayed in place was removed.  After several phone calls, they came out the next day to reinstall the upper portion. I put a check in the mail to them the next day, as soon as we had seen the finished stoop.The final result was still not exactly what I had requested, but I was satisfied with this outcome until several weeks later when owner Aaron Karas contacted me to say that he had not received our check.  I told him that it had been mailed and he said that he would check another location where it could have been put.  I asked him to let me know right away if that did not resolve the issue.More than a week later Aaron called to say that he had not located the check.  He wanted to pick up cash the next day.  I told him that this was not possible, but that I would cancel the original check and get him a new one right away.  This caused him to raise his voice and to use a tone that made me feel unsafe.  He made several points:-That this was a cash job to begin with (It was not.  For safety reasons, I never hire contractors who require cash.)-That all of this could have been avoided if I had just left the cash on our stoop for him on the day the work was done, as allegedly requested (I think it's likely that had I done that, the original incorrect work would never have been corrected.)-That I was giving him the "run around" by not agreeing to have him stop by my workplace the next day to retrieve a cash paymentI do realize that it may have seemed to him that we did not intend to pay him and that the time that had passed could have made it feel urgent to him.  However, I cannot recommend a contractor who has made his customer feel threatened.
