1	Well this place is part of the Larry Miller conglomerate of dealers so right there, you should know that it is a terrible place.  I didn't know that until I was leaving, otherwise, I never would have even gone in.  We were greeted by a French-American whom I could barely understand.  He brought us inside and showed us the Nissan Cube that was inside the store.  Nice, since it was hot, but it wasn't the trim level we had asked about.  He made us sit for 10 minutes next to a screaming baby while he talked to his manager.  As if the noise from the ScreamMachine and its Breeder companions wasn't enough to give me a headache, he then came back and tried to tell us that we shouldn't want the car in the brown color because we would never find it.  He then took us outside and showed us MORE cars that weren't the right ones.  What a waste. Will never go back there again.
1	Please be aware when you buy a Nissan...especially from Larry Miller Nissan.  They  use Continental tires which have the worse record on the road.  We have 18k on our 09 Altima (purchased from LHMNissan) and the tires are almost bald.  From what I've found, these tires have tread/belt issues and are unsafe to drive on.  We are in MN for the summer and 100 miles from a Nissan Dealer.  I called the service desk and got a sob story.  "Sorry we cant help you" was all I got.  Your warranty is only good at a Nissan Dealer...so if you break down in the middle of nowhere, you're screwed.  We will never buy another Nissan again!
2	I took my Altima in to get a headlight replaced. Apparently it's a challenge to replace these bulbs, more so than with most cars (according to my regular auto place), so I was told to go to a dealership. Enter Larry Miller Nissan. When we arrived at the service center there were a couple cars ahead of us. We walked into the office and waited a few minutes before anyone addressed us. After I told them what I needed, they said it might be as long as an hour and a half because they were slammed. The guys in there weren't super friendly, but if they were really that busy I understand...I thought it was weird that it could take 90 minutes to replace a bulb, but whatever, it's better than getting a ticket. I was also quoted a price of about $80 for parts and labor...The bulb price was $30, so that's $50 in labor. I know it's supposed to be a tougher install process than most, but $50 for labor? If I hadn't already been in the office and knew that they had the part and could do it same day, I may have left. I just kept telling myself that it's better than getting a ticket...After giving them the keys, we walked over to the showroom and (of course) were approached immediately by a member of their sales staff. The guy seemed friendly enough, and asked us what kind of car we had currently. After I told him, he said "oh you know, we've got the Nissan Versa here...It's really popular and it's only $11,900". I don't know why, but this rubbed me the wrong way (probably because I just heard the price and time estimate for the headlight). This guy has no idea what we're shopping for, and no idea what our budget is, so why recommend their cheapest option? I was expecting him to ask what we were look for or what our budget is and go from there...Again, probably me overreacting, but it bugged me.We left and got some food and came back around an hour and a half later. When we checked in, they said "it's still going to be a few minutes. We're still slammed". I ended up in the waiting room for another 35-40 minutes until the car was done. In the end, it was 2+ hours and $86 to get a headlight replaced.2 stars because the guy was apologetic at the end about the wait and because the repair included a car wash...I think I'll try somewhere else though if my car ever needs something else dealer specific.
2	This Nissan really sucked when compared the Pinnacle Nissan in North Scottsdale where I bought my car. I came in for a battery one afternoon, which shouldn't be complicated. I pulled up to the service center and literally waited at least 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge me. There was 1 car in front of me that was being helped already. I waited, and waited, my car was running because if I turned it off I wouldn't be able to start it again without a jump. It's not like it was busy. It wasn't until another car pulled up and waited along with me that someone finally came out to help. The guy was perfectly nice and polite. He offered a free car wash with the service, which I accepted. It took longer than I had expected to get a new battery, but since it was free and covered under warranty, I didn't complain. Then when it came time to get my car, the service rep said they would come up with my car. I waited on the curb for it, and waited, and waited, and watched my car sit on the other side of the service area, for another 10 minutes. The guy who brings the cars around finally dropped off a car and asked me which one was mine, he went to get it, said something about the car wash, which should have already been done. I then waited, and waited, and waited for my car to come around after he got in it. I've never had to wait so long at Pinnacle! They get two stars because of the car wash, but I would avoid this Nissan dealer.
2	I had to use this dealership due to the extended warranty in place on my Toyota.  They did not seem concerned about getting my vehicle fixed in a timely manner when I spoke to them on the phone.  Then, when I picked up my car the service manager told me that they had washed my car, but by the looks of it they had only smeared dirty water around.  The drip rail on the top of the car is missing and there is a missing plastic grommet in the engine compartment.  Why would they take that drip rail? If they missed the grommet which is in plain view I am wondering what was missed in the engine itself.  This work has me very concerned and I haven't received a return call from the sales manager concerning the missing grommet or drip rail.  I hope this gets resolved soon.
1	I have left three voice messages with the service person (Jacob) after the other service people who answer the phone tell me that he is there and at his desk.  I asked him to please call me back, that I would pay for the drip rail ($51) and I just want the plastic screw/grommets put back in my car.  No response.  )The plastic screws are about $.10 each.) Tomorrow I will call his manager.  This is the worst customer service I have experienced in years.
1	PLEASE READ THESE REVIEWS BEFORE COMING HERE.Like a good diligent amd responsible person, I made an appointment for a Saturday morning oil change. I arrive 10 minutes early and was told it would be an hour before they could even take the car in the bay. Not to mention another hour for the oil change and wash. Mind you when I made the appointment, I was told the oil change would take only 30 minutes. There are even signs posted, oil changes 30 minutes guaranteed.  Whats the point in making an appointment? This place is a joke. The service is ridiculous. Had I not already paid for the oil change in advance,  i would have walked out and not wasted my time. Other views and comments about poor overall service are accurrate. Karma is going to pay to forward here.
2	Back up to two stars.  I finally received a call back from Nissan.  I was told that they would reimburse me for the missing parts.  I went to Camelback Toyota (my usual dealership) and picked up the parts so we'll see if I get reimbursed. Still not happy with this dealership and would not recommend them.
5	Thanks Aaron and Dan for being honest unlike most dealerships!  This place was honest, fast, and gave me a good deal.
1	We bought our car from this dealership, along with a very extensive warranty. The warranty covers pretty much everything under the hood and the interior. A couple of weeks after we bought our car (2010 Nissan Versa), the air conditioner started making a clicking noise and working at about half power. We called and made an appointment to the service department.When we got there, the person (whose name I can't remember, sorry), took our info and told us to wait in their waiting area. When he came back he said we needed a new air conditioner blower motor, and they had one in stock. We told him about our warranty, which we brought with us, which details every single part it covers. Without looking at it he told us the warranty didn't cover the part. We looked up the part on the paperwork, and showed him the warranty did in fact cover the part. He then told us they didn't have the part in stock and he would have to order it, and it would take 7 to 10 business days just to order it, and they would call us when it was ordered. We said fine, thinking maybe the warranty specifies use of a certain brand or something. Its been about 3 weeks, we haven't received a call. I called the service department today. The person I spoke to said that he doesn't know who we spoke to, and that our account only shows when we bought the car, no order for parts, not even the service appointment we had. He also directed that I will need to call back on Monday, since he doesn't know anything about whats going on or who was helping us. He then gave me a phone number, and the name of the service manager. He then referred to me as someone else "so the last name is Mata right?", which I said no, gave him the correct info again, and he still said he didn't know what was going on. He gave me the service managers name again and now a different phone number to call. No apologies, asked what was wrong with the car, after I told him the specific part we needed, and that it was covered under warranty, again. His response was that he didn't know what was going on, and maybe someone just didn't put our info in, but that the part wasn't ordered.Every time we mention the part is covered under our warranty, the service people get irritated, and suddenly don't have any way to help us. I guess we'll see what happens on Monday.
3	The manager of the location contacted me after hearing about our experience and said the service manager was out for the weekend, but would be calling on Monday.The call from the service manager came, and he stated that there was a mix up and they did have the part, but that he didn't know why we weren't contacted. Turns out the info sheet we filled out was never added to the computer, so they were trying to contact a phone number we no longer have (from 3 years ago, we found this out when they gave us the paperwork after the service was done).The service manager suggested we bring the car in in March, since thats when the oil change is due. Why would we do that? We purposely came in in January and had the part ordered. Also, the part controls the heat/ac/defroster, what reasonable person would say, oh no, thats ok, I'll just deal with this for a few more months??They made an appointment for the next day, and setup a shuttle to pickup my partner to and from work while the car was being fixed. The warranty did cover it, we only had to pay a deductible (which is stipulated in the warranty, so no issue there). They apologized at the service department for the problems, and everything is fixed. I appreciate that they took the time to call us after all of the problems, I hope I can later update this with a better rating if we need service again. They did better this time, I just wish they would have taken responsibility for all of the problems instead of just more "I don't know what happened".
1	Here is my experience with LHM Nissan. We went in on a Sunday and they showed us around.  We found a car we liked and they didn't seem to be able to meet our requirements for a deal. So after working us over for an hour, they finally brought out the "big guns", Cassidy!!!!   He offered deal after deal, which we turned down. Then he finally arrived at the deal that we "could not turn down". So we drove off in our new to us car and left our old car behind.  After a week, we had not heard anything so we stopped by to see what was up. Then Cassidy said they could not find a financing option for the deal he proposed and we all signed, so he wanted his car back.  OK,  how can you come up with a deal and then after 1 week decide that it just isn't going to work and then ask for the car back!!!  WTF!  The dealership should know what is going to fly or not.  Don't  put a deal on the table and then change your mind.  I realize that this is not totally uncommon for a dealership,  but I would only expect crap like this from some low life shady dealership in downtown Phoenix.
1	We went in today to look at (and potentially purchase) a new Nissan Pathfinder.  We already own a Nissan Altima and really like it.  So we decided we would buy another Nissan.  The initial sales guy, Joe, was really good.  He was very easy to talk to and didn't pressure us at all.  It wasn't until we met with the manger, Mike J, that everything went downhill.Unfortunately Joe lost the sale because of Mike and I will never return to Larry H Miller Nissan Mesa because of him.  To sum it up, when he walked up, he immediately told us that we would only pay sticker price for the Pathfinder; no one ever pays sticker price.  He also told us that there were no Pathfinders on the lot and this was why sticker price was the best deal.  Joe had told us there were 17 on the lot.  When I got home, I verified on their online inventory that they had 17 Pathfinders.  So bull on this too.  Every word out of this guy's mouth was a lie.  He indicated that the only way he would talk to us was if we would be buying right then and there with no questions or haggling.  When he was done with us, he told us good bye and didn't even give us a chance to say anything before he turned around and walked away.Because of Mike, I will never return to or suggest Larry H Miller Nissan Mesa to anyone.  If this is the attitude of the managers, I can only imagine what the rest of the buying process or even service at this place would be like.
1	Just moved to the area and wanted to switch to a closer Nissan dealership. Got a few different things done and when I went to pick up my car, I asked the service guy to show me the receipt. He advised that once I paid he could print it out. Tried to review the receipt and he rushed me out the door saying i could call if i had questions. After reviewing the receipt, I called the service man for assistance. Over the phone, he tried to convince me it added up. I asked him to calculate it out loud with me and he then agreed it was incorrect. A lady working in the accounting department refunded the difference for me. When I tried to share my feedback, she said the device guys aren't good with numbers. Pretty frustrating since it could have been avoided had the service man spent five minutes explaining my bill before charging me. Not to mention the free car wash that left streaks on every inch of  my car!!!
5	I'm always treated professionally and service is A-One. At a fair price.
5	Always a good experience.
5	They did the job in less time than I thought it would take and the final price was lower than the quote. I'm a happy camper.
5	Parts department has the best online prices in the area! The employees are quick responding. Highly recommend!
4	The folks at Larry Miller Nissan were able to take my car in the afternoon and turn around my regular service quickly and without hassle. Thanks!
5	Best customer service I've received at any dealership!!
1	The salesman, Will, was great. He was very easy going and knew plenty about the car we test drove. Unfortunately, his sales manager, Cassidy, was incredibly pushy and refused to give us a price on the car. He kept asking what our budget would allow and when we responded by asking what the best he could was, he wouldn't budge from the sticker price. That is, until we started walking out, then he started yelling after us to come back and we could "finally talk." It's ashame really. Car buying should not be so frustrating.
5	I read a lot of the reviews before scheduling an appointment online but still decided to give them a shot. Worst case I would walk out and they wouldn't receive my business. However, I was very surprised. Chris who handles most of the online leads was great! He understood where I needed to be at and he was willing to play ball. I was actually shocked since it was on a 2014 rogue and I was trading in 2010 Titan (that wasn't very pretty and LOTS of miles). He worked with me and gave me what I wanted for trade in and I ending up getting a new car. I was SHOCKED at the amount of time and ability to make the deal happen. I had been to 2 other places and basically was turned away. However, Chris wanted my business and made it happen. I would recommend anyone in the market for a new car to go see him. I realize some of the other reviews are negative but it would be worth it to talk with Chris in online sales and maybe he can work something out.
1	Do not buy any car from Larry H Miller, anywhere! Issues - arrogance, who told you this?, ever heard of phrase "punt" well it goes for sales and service team. Inconsiderate bunch of individuals. LAZY!!!!! Cannot own up to their end of a written agreement. There really is no way to get them to do a thing that is right.I have two major examples as I purchased vehicle in SLC and was informed I could get serviced at any Larry H Miller.1. Purchase day, Friday. Sale was conditional on these items.- provide second key for vehicle - buff paint scratches - fix or replace breaks to stop noise- adjust steering to keep from pulling to right- remove stain in back seatAt sale, was informed to bring in next day to get items resolved. Also informed rental car would be provided. Paper work issues was frustrating as they tried to poke as many extra's when I wasn't looking, so I had to review and pull charges off... complete hassle. read in detail before you sign, have them walk you through it!I show up next day, service department has no idea what I'm talking about.. I show them the sale, they run rounds on this... sit on it.. finally yeah we will take it... have to explain the rental car... another fight.. Get to the car, how will you be paying for this... I'm not, its included in the purchase another couple phone calls. Finally a rental, 8 hours later... no call, call to dealership, request status. Informed me they don't have anyone on-site to buff the scratches on weekends... couldn't have made this clear at the start? Salesman knew I was out of town for extended amount of time after this weekend, explained this to service manager... okay just call in a schedule later. Here is your keys, where is my extra key? what? yeah this is the response... so I have to explain them again, look at the contract. Get the key after another battle, get in the truck, drive, breaks still making obnoxious squeal. Still in parking lot at this point, turn around and approach anyone that will listen. Well we checked them and they are good, breaks make noise. Tired of arguing.... drive off steering not fixed and stain not removed... pretty much they did nothing for an entire day.Scheduled the follow up visit for buff scratches in advance. requested they have everything in order and ready for when I arrive, ie. loaner vehicle... so I show up... and you guessed it... I have to go through the hole show again, at the body shop, "who is paying for it, who said this, not in our budget". Sales punted right back to service and service to body shop... finally they take the car, head to the rental office, story started over again with rental car and payment.2. I moved to Phoenix, called in to Dodge which was way out west of valley. Explained to me I could go to Nissan Larry H Miller, just call in advance schedule and inform them you have 2500 diesel so they can pre-order materials to have on hand.Did this on March 10th, scheduled for March 17th. Individual on phone was about to hang up after just taking my name and phone. I asked if you was going to take my vehicle information as he needed to have materials ordered before I got there. So he took my information, so I thought.March 17th I leave work early to get the oil change.. show up at 3:50. No one has a clue what I'm talking about. Name isn't in the schedule. "Do you have a name, who told you the schedule was set?" are you kidding me? Come to find out they have materials on hand for an oil change scheduled for late the next day, so they think. Tires were going to get rotated as well during this time. I wait till 4:45 as truck is still up on lift, walk across the street and get a phone call. They don't have enough oil to do this they continue to explain, they finished up their multi point inspection then realized not enough oil. I ask if they rotated they tires, response no, well can you go ahead and do that since I'm here, response well it would be difficult now to put the truck back up on lift here at Nissan. Return to service desk, guy starts to hand me my keys and says I'll call you when we have the materials... whoa, can I get a schedule in writing saying this is going to be ready, okay Wednesday work for you. No, Friday at 11:00 a.m. So I inquire what did they do, he said they did the multi point inspection which checks fluids, breaks etc... wait so they didn't finish the multipoint inspection since they didn't take the tires off and just rotate them? NO... so my truck sat for almost another hour before you decided to look for oil and not actually do anything to it... and this was all handled by a service "manager"No offer to provide me with anything due to my inconvenience of taking off work early, paying for fuel to travel the miles and the blatant error which they have no concern for....have to wonder if they actually do anything when customers aren't looking...I'll follow up on the next visit to see if they can rectify this or if they continu
5	I absolutely love this dealer! I purchased my Nissan in 2012 and have had most of my services done here. I have visited another Nissan dealer and a local auto shop in between and neither one of them could match the excellent service that Larry Miller provides. I appreciate the honesty that the advisors provide. I used to be scared of rolling into a dealer's service department because most of them try to get you to do jobs that are not needed. However, Larry Miller Nissan is honest and educates their customers on the importance of car maintenance without breaking the wallet. I plan to buy another Nissan simply because I don't wanna deal with other shops and I would rather continue to visit Larry Miller for all my car maintenance needs.
1	Where do I begin this place has a great sales department for buying a new car but boy is their service department just horrible. I have given this service department plenty of chances to win me back as a customer but every time I go to get my car serviced for scheduled maintinence there's an issue. This place is so unorganized and have such lousy time management for simple car maintinence it's a shame I had to give them one star because every time I go here it's a battle to get my car back to me within a reasonable time Frame also this past time I went in for an oil change a new headlight and to look at my brakes to see if they needed to be done or not ! The service guy told me it was going to be a three hour wait didn't offer a rental car or courtesy ride home I own two brand new Nissans and bring both here but no more especially because they didn't even look at my brakes so now I'm going to Nissan in chandler to get my brakes taken care of.  Never will I go back and buyer beware don't expect to be able to rely on the service department !!! It is horrible
4	My third purchase, yes I like this place.  The service dept is great too.  My salesperson drove to Tucson to get the exact car I wanted.  Another fine buying experience.
2	I did not buy my car here, but used their service department and auto body department. The service department was good, always friendly and the work was performed well. Only one time did I have to bring my car back for something that didn't get fixed (or it broke again immediately), which is a good record considering how many times I had my car serviced there.The auto body department, however, was another story! My new car came with a factory defect in the paint on the front bumper and hood. The auto body shop took 3 weeks to paint the front bumper because the service department sent it back twice due to shoddy work. In the end the bumper still had paint drips and bubbling on it, but I accepted the car back out of frustration and had it repainted at another shop later. This auto body shop never noticed that the hood had the same problem as the bumper, and when I told them about it, they refused to fix it (even though it was a factory defect). Pretty crappy.
3	I bought my car from this Nissan dealership. It was OK. They kept talking about how they are family oriented and have high expectations for themselves. I loved the Versa we drove and wanted to buy it or one like it. I kept asking if they had a 2014 instead of 2015 but they said they didn't have any on the lot. I asked if they had different priced 2015 Versas and they said they were all priced the same. We were tired of looking at other dealerships and had decided the price was pretty good still compared to other big dealers in the area. After driving home with the car, we looked on the website which stated they had plenty of 2014 Versas as well as 2015 Versas priced with $2-4k difference. Wish they hadn't lied about the cars but other than that we had a pretty good experience with them.
1	Wow so I purchased a used car here, which was a painful enough experience.  So they throw in free maintenance to pacify me.  Sounds okay, right?WRONG.  I've been in the maintenance department for over 3 hours.  First they suggested a new battery.  Seems reasonable, right?  WRONG!  They don't have a battery and it took 2 hours of my inquiries to get that little nugget of information.  Now they can't give me my car because "they cannot find it". What kind of place is this!?
5	Scott and everyone at LHM Collision Center were all amazing! I got frequent updates on the status of my car. Even got a great price on a bumper I had to pay cash for, not covered by insurance. They coordinated the rental car pickup and extension of the rental.  And best of all, my car looks fantastic!  You can't tell it ever had any damage. I would absolutely recommend them to my family and friends. Thank you so much for all your help!
4	I purchased my vehicle here mid 2013. I will admit I was "sold". I went in with the intention of spending the marketed price of 14999 for my vehicle. I ended leaving with 20000 contract full of services that were poorly explained. Just before I left I was told "hey, I'm always looking for referrals". Typical car salesmanship. There was no rapport or relationship building. I left feeling dirty. Over the next year I ended up trading for a newer and even less expensive contract. My rating is above average because of what follows. After trading in my vehicle, I came back to cancel my overload of policies. Tracy from the finance department moved with haste and spoke with courtesy. Her actions alone saved my experience with this dealership. She explained to me the service agreements and warranties. She even worked with my documents to call and fax over their acceptance. She explained the processes that would take place and thoroughly time lined my expectations. I am very satisfied with her customer service and care. Thank you.
1	Really bad maintenance department for your car any work they did at this shop I had to have redone at another shop ie I needed new motor put in driver side window and now the window gets stuck down. That's just one example I have more issues with this place then I care to divulge just a warning don't buy your cars here and don't get service done here they are crooks !!!!!
1	What a painful process it was purchasing our car here. If it was a brand new vehicle, we would've DEFINITELY headed to another dealership...but my husband fell in love with a used car here, so we stayed despite our better judgement. Our salesman Mark was very nice, but the way he had to keep going back and forth with his badboy sales manager Chris to negotiate and kept playing the "I'm stuck in the middle" song over and over, it quickly became annoying. After 2+ hours of getting nowhere, my husband gave up and left. They called him back numerous times with the "it won't last at this price" and "after today the price goes up $500" shpeel. All of a sudden it was "urgent" that he decide. He told them he needed to think it over after they just pissed him off. So we go back a few days later after he cools down and guess what...the car is still there!! He signs the purchase agreement and gives a $500 deposit check (which we're told would be destroyed when they receive our bank funds and we pick up the car), no problem. A few days later I check our banking transactions online and find they have cashed the deposit check. Say what? That wasn't the plan. Ok...I'm assuming they'll just issue us a check for the $500 overpayment when we pick up the car. NOPE. They tell us it is their "policy" to wait until the certified bank funds clear. Makes no sense, but I'm so frustrated at this point, we drive home the car that we just overpaid for...which by the way was not cleaned out (soda in the cup holder, floor carpet on driver's side dirty) AND was only filled with 1/4 tank of gas. I'm not exactly sure what their miscellaneous dealership "fees" cover, but a full tank of gas is not an unreasonable expectation. Fast forward 3 weeks later and after a phone call with their finance manager Josh, who could provide no reasonable excuse for the delay, we finally received a check for overpayment on the car. Never again will we do business here. Ever. Not when there are a thousand other dealerships around town.
5	I did not buy my car here, however I have been here numerous times to have work done with the service department. Every time I have come, they treat me exceptionally well and are always quick to jump to whatever I need. While I was in earlier this week to get my oil changed, tires rotated and car washed, I needed someone to look at my rear bumper because two of the bottom bumper clips had broken off. My service guy Taylor went out with me to my car, after the service to my car was complete, to take a look at the bumper. He then walked me back to the parts counter, waited with me and installed the clips himself. While it was not a hard thing to do, I am very happy and pleased that he took the time to do that for me. It shows that they're willing to help with whatever I need, even if it's something as small and hooking a clip back to the bumper. Also, waiting time to get an oil change for me has never been very long even when there are other customers waiting. They do a great job of informing you what is happening with your car and are very thorough when explaining all of the details on the multi-point inspection check list that they do. I would highly recommend coming here to get maintenance done on your vehicle.
