3	This was my first visit to a cafeteria of any kind since high school!  My coworker and I were the youngest ones there, which was not necessarily a bother.  They offer many choices here, but many options were fried (not typically my cup of tea).I ordered a plate of chicken fingers with fried okra and Brussels sprouts.  The okra and chicken fingers were negligible, though my Brussels sprouts were decent.  My coworker ordered Manhattan meatloaf, which did not look appetizing, but was actually very delicious.  We also split a piece of cheese bread, which was surprisingly not as heavy as I expected it to be; very light and tasty.The service there was excellent.  Even a woman who was on her break went out of her way to assist me.  The place also seemed clean, which should be expected of a new establishment.
3	This location has just opened.  It use to be a J&K Cafeteria a few years ago.Ever since I saw the sign that this was going to be a K&W Cafeteria, I kinda got excited, maybe it is because I am getting older, or maybe it will get some of these people out of my favorite restaurants, so the wait times won't be as bad. I know that is selfish, but hey, let's face it , there are just not enough good eating places near this area.When my wife and I walked in, we knew it would be busy, the parking lot was full, and the service  line reached all the way to the front door.  It was very cold at the entrance and while in the waiting line I felt I was in a meat box locker.  (The air condition does work- very well, I might add).  As we approached the food area the temperature felt much better and the dining room was very comfortable.The nice thing about this place was it was new. It has very reasonable prices, good selection, however the food I wanted (broiled salmon) was going to take an additional 10 minutes, as the last 2 pieces were taken by the 2 folks in front of me (bastards!).......very disappointing.  I opted for the Veal Parmesan, not my original choice and since I just had Italian (Mom's Lasagna) the night before at Maggiono's (had baked ziti for lunch via the carry home portion)  I had already passed up my other possible options so I only appeared to hold up the line...... This was disappointing.I will be back to this location as the newness wears in, and the place settles down a little.  The wait staff was friendly, although I found it somewhat difficult to decipher who was actually going to be helping me with the potential items I wanted in the food line. Sure, they had staff behind the counter, but when I requested several items, I felt awkward, as if I may have been interrupting several of the conversations between them. Did I mention  that I already held up the line when I requested my salmon? It was if they did not know where the salmon came from once it was off the table.......This location should do well....they herd the folks in, feed em by the trough, offer a good value, and lets face it. this is a cafeteria,I will follow up on this location, but in the meantime, I have added pictures for your enjoyment.NCFoodGuy.
3	Cafeteria are great for the variety of foods and being able to get exactly the items you want. Grilled chopped steak was good as was the dinner roll, the beets were not pickled but had a thick glaze over them.  My son enjoyed the fried chicken, mac and cheese and mashed taters.  Still very busy but line moves very fast and food is good. Pies looked wonderful
4	I am a cafeteria geek. I have great memories of eating at Luby's and Furr's when I was growing up. I was so excited to see K&W open up in this location so I could intro my kiddos to the glories of a cafeteria!All in all, I was pleased with our visit. Line was long but moved quickly. The food items were clearly labeled which helped immensely to a K&W newbie. More importantly, the staff behind the line spoke clearly and loudly enough to be understood - a must in the cafeteria system. Everything we selected was tasty and was homemade (with exception of fries).  This is no Ryan's or Golden Corral with cheese out of a can slopped on gooey noodles. The mac and cheese was homemade, baked mac. Yummy.  My spinach salad was fresh and very tasty.  Of course, this is food that must withstand being in a hot line so the veggies reflect that,  but you kind of expect that going in.  We chose a soft roll and a biscuit and both were great.   By far the best part of the meal was the lemon cake the boys split. Dessert is a must in a cafeteria trip!  It was divine. Yes, I said divine. No day glow yellow cake mix, this thing was the most aweome, tender white cake with what was maybe a lemon glaze between the layers of icing. Very subtle but so tasty  The icing was awesome too. Seriously. This cake was better than many fancy wedding cakes I've eaten. My 7 yr old wants me to get him one for his birthday!The incredible thing is that our final bill for all three of us was just over $11. Incredible!  The kids meals are a mere $3.19 and incude an entree, side, bread, treat ( large jello or pudding) and a drink of their choice!  That is the best value you will find anywhere!!  I almost felt guilty about it.  I was sad there weren't more young families there. Lots of seniors (as expected) and empty nesters, but not many young kiddos.
3	Sunday for lunch with large family gathering. Everyone got what they wanted to eat Service was attentive with drinks readily refilled. Roast beef was very good au jus was cold, brocolli and concealed cheese not so good, coconut pie yummy, Line was long but late enough in the afternoon that seating was available when we got thru the line.
3	I took my boyfriend, a west coast boy who has never eaten cafeteria food in his life, to K&W for Sunday dinner.  The line was extremely long, which came as no surprise to me, and it moved fairly quickly.  The boyfriend was excited to see such large portions for such reasonable prices.I ordered the Turkey plate with a side of mashed potatoes and a piece of jalapeno corn bread. Boyfriend went wild and ordered two entrees: the fried fish fillets with cole slaw, and the fried chicken (dark meat) with a side of mashed potatoes and green beans.  Everything tasted the same and everything was mushy.  Mushy enough for when you get your wisdom teeth pulled or when you get/have dentures.Regardless, what lovely prices!  Cafeteria food doesn't get better than K&W!
3	When I go to a cafeteria, I don't except fine dining and the K&W doesn't disappoint there.  It has the usual selection of jello, salads, fried fish, fried chicken, roast beef, vegetables, slices of cake, and assorted breads.  The prices are reasonable, while the food items can be hit or miss, completely depending on what time of day and/or kind of rush they had.  The service at this location is better than expected though, always get a refill without asking.  Overall, it's okay.
4	Great vegetable's , roles and deserts.....and all the entree's are solid as well.  Family of 4 can easily eat for under $25.00.    A family favorite !!
4	Most people know what they're getting when they go to a cafeteria, good but not outstanding food at a decent price, and this place is the same.  Finding the place is easy, getting out isn't with Pineville traffic.  Going through the line picking what you want is definitely a reminder of school and the decor will make you think you're in a retirement home.  Also the average age seems to be about 60, I'm almost always the only person under 40 eating there.Food wise there's plenty of options for meats, veggies, greens, breads and deserts.  I usually get a salmon patty, coke slaw, a slice of pie and a drink for under $7.  Service after you're through the line consists of drink refills and getting empty dishes out of the way.  When you're done you pay at the door and leave, no hassles for signing up for clubs or other stuff no one wants.
1	This place does not have good food. The line you wait in is very pressuring. People get up set when you take to long to order. The only time I've come here was because an old person invited me and I didn't want to be rude and refuse. The staff is upsetting and they don't listen very well. Quite frankly the food they serve there resembles the price for which the serve it. Cheap and poor.
1	Really awful. Extremely salty. Spent the rest of the day in the bathroom or sleeping. Today not too much better. Never again.
4	Very good food, consistently prepared and presented, generous volumes and helpful staff.  This isn't 5 star dining. It's cafeteria food.  But it's cafeteria food done to near perfection.  My favorites include the 7-Layer Salad, Chicken and Dumplings, Chicken Pan Pie, Country Fried Steak, Baked Spaghetti, Turkey and Dressing, Macaroni and Cheese, Fried Okra, Creamed Corn, Yam Souffle and more.  Desserts are also consistent, reasonable and generous in portions (2 people can usually split a pie or cake.)  3 people can easily share 2 desserts and there's more than enough for everyone.  Line servers are helpful and friendly.  There is minimal waitstaff (water refills and the like) but they are helpful and efficient.  They always clean and clear tables quickly.  Lines are usually short and move quickly.  Overall, a favorite place for comfort food and homestyle cooking without breaking the bank.
1	Food isn't that great. No taste or very fatty. I don't think I'll be coming back. I don't know why yelp has a problem with short reviews. I really just don't have anything else to say. Good night!
