5	I stumbled upon this Penguin store while in Vegas.  I usually shop at the Penguin stores in LA or online, so it was a nice surprise to see this store at the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood.  Penguin gear can be a bit pricey, but they usually have great sales (40% off the entire store while I was there!) and their staff is always super friendly and helpful, regardless of which store you go to.  Everyone at this store was sooo, sooo nice.It's always great quality Men's, Women's, and children's clothes.  If you're not familiar with their clothes, make sure you try everything on before buying!  Depending on the cut (i.e. Heritage Slim Fit or Classic Fit for men), you may go up or down a size.
5	I love Original Penguin and I'm glad I can now buy their products without paying for shipping. The employees at this store are always friendly and very helpful. I've shopped here 3 times since they opened and the last 2 times the promo was 30%-40% off.
5	This is the only Penguin store in Las Vegas inside the Miracle Mile Mall in Planet Hollywood. It's quite a walk to get to this store but it's worth it IMHO. Store is very clean and well organized with Los Angeles fashion. It is a little pricey but I like to splurge once in a while. Staff here are very friendly and always want to help you find the right size and fit. The huge flat screen TV behind the register is cool to watch with Penguin commercials and fashion shows. In the back if the store is the clearance section and they can have pretty good deals. I would come back to shop and look for more deals and what's out.
5	I always find a nice shirt or 2 and jacket the several times I've been here, but this time I bought something. I was surprised to see the I wound up paying almost half off the total price that was rang up. Saving money and looking good at it. And as mentioned in other reviews, the employees here are helpful.
5	I love this location at Vegas. Every time I come here, all of the workers are smiling and greeting, asking if you need help but not overly doing it to the point where it's annoying.And I don't know if I just always get lucky or not, but they always have some great sale whenever I come here to shop!
5	Went here with my bf while visiting Vegas. He's loves Penguin clothing so to find a store was pretty awesome. The chick clerk was really cool and chit chatted with us the whole. She was very sweet. The store is very clean and well maintained! We will be back each time we are in Vegas!
5	Customer service is not a lost art here. Josh went above and beyond to help me and made my visit truly amazing. Thank you Josh!
