5	We have been here a few times now and really have a good time every time. Me and the bf took up skate boarding and we have tried a few skate parks out but this is by far our favorite! Everyone is really nice here and its nice because you have all age groups skating and everyone is always offering tips to try to help you out. This is a good place if you are just starting out or even if you are advanced. It's an actual skateboard school so you can take classes or skate during their free skate hours for 10-15 for about three hours. Huge indoor skate park which is great all year around :)Very cool place !
5	This is a one-of-a-kind HUGE indoor skate park/skate school.  I thought about putting my 2 boys (5 and 7) on traditional t-ball or soccer teams but skating is light years better for small kids to develop their balance/coordination. KTR has experienced skate coaches (male and female) that are excellent with small kids.  Some of the more experienced 6, 7, 8, and 9 year olds are already looking like Tony Hawk...YouTube Kids That Rip and see for yourself.  AMAZING stuff!
5	Our kids have been going here since age 3. They love it and have gotten pretty good. Their coaches are great and the program is well rounded I highly recommend kids that rip for learning to skateboard!
4	Stopped by with the kids for open skate on Saturday. At $15 a kid it wasn't cheap.  But, considering alternatives, we got in a solid three hours of fun ... More than I can say for just going to a movie which would have likely cost about the same when you add everything up.
5	Best indoor bowl I've ever skated. The vert ramp is well maintained but it's a little too big for my taste. I help out at another park in town and I wish I had KTR's bowl there. Zuc and Greg D. (Coaches) are good guys too.
2	This skatepark is wonderful.  The instructors are very encouraging and knowledgable.  My kids have enjoyed the program and improved their skills greatly.  The only issue I have is the owners and staff.  Since the first day we began lessons, the desk personnel have been rude and quite condescending.  It is obvious to me and many other parents that I have spoken with that the "upper management" need to work on their customer service skills.  At KTR, they could care less about the customer or their issues.  It is a real shame because it is really a great facility.
5	Great instruction and awesome gear!!  Coaches are knowledgable, patient and love what they do.  Skate Park is amazing and INDOORS!  gymnastics area is ridiculous.  So much to do.   Come and join us!!!
