4	5-star luxury accommodations with a doorman, concierge, bell-hop and the receptionist kind of give you a weird look when you come in here with a backpacking bag, like I did.  But the service here is first-class nonetheless when they realized that I did have reservations.  The lobby area and parts of the hotel were newly renovated and it shows, I personally think they went a little overboard in modernizing the lobby area instead of keeping the original layout.I always request the basic room for one when traveling on my own dime, it is my hard earned cash by the way but being a Diamond member does have its perks like being upgraded to a nicer room, a room with a direct view of Edinburgh Castle on the top floor.  The hotel room had all the luxury items you would think a place like this would have: robes, tea set, coffee, HDTV and etc.  The room I got was really big by any standard, with a large desk to work, two chairs to sit and sip the complimentary wine and enjoy the chocolate.  Since there was no executive lounge they provide free drink vouchers which I didn't get to use over the 2 nights I was in town.And at night feel safe as both times as I m getting out of a taxi at 2-3am they made me show my room key to even enter the hotel.
5	Very classy and stylish after its refurb, it felt very posh and grown up but not pretentious as some places can be.  I didn't feel bad for turning up in my jeans to meet a fried for afternoon tea ;-)We opted for the champagne afternoon tea as a treat and then I found out they were serving my favorite - Pommery - I knew it was going to be a good afternoon.There were some sandwiches but to be honest, they were alright - no one goes for afternoon tea for the sandwiches - I was just after the scones and  cake and they did not disappoint. The cakes were fab, coffee opera cake, battenburg slices, strawberry tarts, chocolate eclairs, date slice, pecan and something slice, fruit and plain scones with clotted cream and jams.  The cake stand was overflowing and we got to take the remains away in a wee box so we could have them later.  Perfect. Will definitely go again.
4	I was very pleased to get a voucher for afternoon tea from The wonderful Carolann for my birthday :0) How chic that we have a Waldorf Astoria here in Edinburgh! They have made a grand job of the refurbishment and it has a really nice feel about it. We were seated in a half booth style seat in Peacock Alley ready for an afternoon of pampering and indulgence.We were allocated our waitress for the afternoon and I have to say that she was trained at the Basel Faulty school of hospitality.  It was so bad that we got the giggles!  The waitress took our tea order then came back thirty seconds later to check it again then came back with the wrong tea. Also was telling us how wrecked she was and should really go home ad just stumbled about the place generally, very funny.Anyway, Basel aside, the afternoon tea was delicious and really nice atmosphere, great decor and highly recommended. My kind of way to enjoy a Sunday afternoon. Loved it!
4	As a lover of afternoon tea myself and partner went here to celebrate Valentines. I loved the area that they serve the afternoon named 'Peacook Alley' fabby!!The Afternoon tea and waitress very intentive, we drank some Pommery champagne and had a nice chat over some lovely cakes, scones and sandwiches. The only thing i found was that i felt slightly uncomfortable, I really dont know why...possibly down to the fact that the waitress was too attentive??!! and they were sooo keen to impress(musta been my posh clobber lol) that we didnt really get any real length of time to chat. This is a lovely hotel and i would reccommend to anyone!
5	This is an amazing hotel at the base of the extinct volcano that is the home of Edinburgh Castle.  The rooms are all unique and I didn't see or taste anything that wasn't incredible.  The only problem with The Callie (the taxi drivers all seemed to call it that) was the price, but that's to be expected especially now that it's a Waldorf Astoria so I can't penalize them for it.
5	Afternoon Tea Having been to the Dorchester darling I know my fancy afternoon teas!  I have to say that I was really impressed with our tower of goodies. The sandwiches were good but could maybe be a bit more exciting than you plain ham, beef, salmon and egg options. The main event is the cake for me and my what a lot of cake there was.  It included two types of scones, and opera cake, battenburgs, eclairs, a pecan one, fruit tarts and more... soo full! They also bring you cake boxes for if like us you are defeated by the cake selection.The Champagne also was really nice and a must for any afternoon tea, it just isnt the same without a glass or two of bubbles on the side.The staff were also lovely and coped well with the 12 of us ladies moving chairs, placing shopping in their way and paying no attention to what we were doing. We were sat in Peacock Alley which apparently used to be an old train station and has now been brought in to part of the hotel. The space is really lovely and airy with lots of space to relax and enjoy yourself.The HotelWe were invited with work for a show round of the hotel and I have to say the bedrooms were some of the nicest and roomiest I have been in. I love hotel rooms and find staying in hotels very exciting much to my boyfriend's amusement every time we go away as I inspect the bathrooms and try the tea trays and soaps. What I love about the Calley is that is still retains so many of the lovely old features and beautiful furniture but has all the modern touches and tech that you are used to these days.The views from the suites are something else - the price tag is too unfortunately but you have a perfect view of Princes Street, the Gardens and the Castle. It really is breathtakingly beautiful and I could just imagine sitting with your champagne watching the sun go down in the huge plush armchair... sigh!
5	We stayed here for 2 nights early last week, and had a great time.We took the train into Edinburgh from London... and the journey is definitely a part of the experience.  A quick cab ride from the train station, and we were at the hotel.  Staff was at the door and helped us with our luggage (both large suitcases and the hand luggage).The checkin process was quick and the staff friendly.  Concierge desk was extremely helpful in finding sites, directions and making dinner reservations.Hotel is beautiful, and in a great location.  Our room was on the 5th floor (515) and had a nice view of the rear of the City (all sides of Edinburgh are beautiful).Room was nice, and had a couple of windows, with plenty of space for bags, etc.   Hilton also provided water for every night of our stay.  We left the room for 1/2 and hour one time, and staff had already cleaned it up.I was only able to use the pool area one time, and it was nice.  No one else was there at the time i went.. and so i had the entire pool area to my self.  After a few laps, i dipped into the hot tub... and then walked into the sauna and steam room.Overall our stay was great, and also enjoyed afternoon tea at Peacock Alley.I would definately stay here the next time we are in town.
1	We wanted an upscale room so we booked early and paid more.  When we arrived we were taken to a small first floor room.  It was so different from the room we booked that we returned to the front desk and asked if perhaps there was a mistake. The staff was "so sorry" but they could do nothing.  We asked if we could pay even more and upgrade - but nothing was available. It was obvious that they had given our room to an earlier arrival.  Okay. Back to our room.  But then we couldn't access the promised Internet service.  Turns out there is a password process that even the first two calls to the desk did not reveal. Thirty minutes later we were finally on the Internet.  But by then we realized the air conditioning did not work on the warmest day of the year.  Back to the front desk. They found a room where it did work - even smaller, probably where nannies and drivers were kept.  we gave up and took it because they said our Internet log-in would work in this room also.  It didn't. So we gave up and went to bed - only to discover that the hotel turns off the air conditioning in the middle of the night to save money.  We sweltered through the night and left early in the morning.  The staff tried to be of service, but this hotel is terrible because of its short term oriented corporate policies of overbooking, ignoring reservations, cheap Internet servers to save money, and cutting off the air conditioning to save money.  This hotel is not worthy of a Motel Six franchise.
3	Gorgeous and historic, but a little underwhelmed.I booked this hotel for our recent stay when I located a half off deal on Priceline.com.  The reviews were great and the location was perfect.  The hotel itself is absolutely gorgeous, but the hallways and rooms are in real need of updating and repair.  The lighting and walls of the hallways just seemed to give off a dirty, old feel.  The room itself was a bit better, but was just really tiny and set up oddly.  The bathroom...the bathroom...I hated that bathroom!!!  The shower curtain fought with me everytime I showered and I almost fell out of the tub once as the surface is so slick..though, they do provide a rubber mat for the bottom.  However, they do provide you with Salvatore Ferragamo toiletries...a nice touch!The location, however, is perfect!  We walked to everything and only took a cab to and from the airport.  The hotel sits in the shadow of Edinburgh Castle and the views are amazing.I would like to see the hotel once it has been rehabbed...I can just imagine how brilliant it will be!!!
5	Pure bliss!  Great location, ever better service, and a lovely pool. I will say that if you like a quiet room, don't take one that faces the front of the hotel. Nearby bar patrons line up there for cabs, and light sleepers will be woken up by their revelry.
5	This is the second time I have stayed here. Before it was just the Caledonian Hilton. Now with the renovations they did, it's now a Waldorf Astoria Hilton. I again received a beautiful suite facing the castle with a very comfy bed, great bathroom and lots of windows with wonderful views. The service here is excellent and so is the location. Very pricey so use Hilton points if you can. We really enjoyed this hotel and hope to go back someday.
5	If you're an American who considers the mini mansions on your block impressive, you'll be absolutely blown away by this place.I wanted to write this review before the Scotch removed all the memories from my experience. I recall it being a lovely stay. The hotel room was stocked with chocolate, fresh fruit and yes, Scotch. Small rooms, pretty typical of Europe, but nicely decorated and quiet. The hotel is in a great location and is a quick walk from Edinburgh castle and all the main streets. The bar just off the lobby is great for people watching and drinking things other than Scotch. I probably had three cocktails which were all surprisingly good.Concierge was a little slow but super helpful. They figured out the buses we needed to take to get around, how we should get to The Highlands, etc.I can't think of a single reason this hotel deserves less than five stars.
5	Amazing hotel and in such a great location!!  The concierge sent an email to us before we left to ask if there were anything we anticipated needing during our stay.  Our room was spacious, especially for being in Europe, and was very clean.  The turn down service was great, it was so nice coming back from a long day of sightseeing to a turned down bed and soft music playing.  Also, the robes were so comfortable and fluffy.The hotel itself is beautiful with the grand staircase and the modern chandeliers.  The bar off the lobby is a nice place to sit and get a drink and chat, though we only had beers so I cannot speak for any of their mixed drinks.  We did venture in to the business center and it was quaint and supplied all the needed equipment.  The only thing that could be considered a negative was the piano that was on our floor.  While the piano was pretty and a good addition aesthetically to the floor, in the middle of the night when people get back from the pubs, it's not such a joy.
1	I've stayed in hotels on all kinds and in lots of different cities. This by far was the worst experience I've ever had in any hotel.Staff- rude, insensitive, arrogant, and acted like they were doing us a favor by staying at the hotel. Might have been anti-American.Accommodations- hoped for ancient charm, instead got warmed over 1950s hotel with a new bad paint job and odd rehab.Food-horrific, stay away from room service not only for the food but also because they don't like to provide service.Special circumstances-fire alarm in the middle of the night that was a false one. No explanation from staff, no umbrellas though we were lead outside in the rain. A great capper to our stay.Room- bad furniture and lumpy bed, room at the end of a hallway shortened by a half wall (don't try and understand, it makes no sense)Booked it through Travelocity and staff acted like we were "steerage" in the Titanic, third class who got in on a "cheap" ticket.I would not stay here for free.Location was not particularly good either.Saving grace- In the UK, tea time is a special event, unbeknownst to us Americans. We stopped by the hotel tea area (in an aviary!) and asked for a seat w/o reservations on a Saturday (height of tea time). The food service manager had no room at all, and it was clearly well booked. She made room for us somehow by going out of her way, while maintaining a wonderfully pleasant attitude. We had a great time and she was a major reason why. We found out, by talking to her a bit, that she was new to the hotel. For a moment I felt a bit sad, anticipating that the unfriendly, unprofessional, and rude staff culture would probably overwhelm her at some point. If you call yourself the Waldorf, claim you are five star, and your room cost is $600 a night your every aspect should reflect your claims. Not close and was nothing more than false advertising.STAY AWAY, except at tea time!
3	Good, not great.  Not quite what I would expect from a Waldorf property.  Great location.  Right at the base of the Castle & easy walk to all the tourist sights. Decent rooms - very roomy, however  premium "castle view" rooms face east and are very warm in the summer. Underwhelming service.  Staff seemed unclear on the concept of "late checkout".  When we got back to our room at 2pm the staff had taken our luggage and yet had not  even clean the room.  Had to speak to to 2 people to get our bags returned.
2	Nice hotel, excellent location but disappointing food. The staff was welcoming and really professional.
5	This is without a doubt the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in! Not that I've really ever stayed in fancy hotels to be fair, I'm not fussy, but it really is amazing.My work are good enough to organise a Christmas night out every year for everyone and our partners, and I was pretty lucky to have my first outing at this hotel last year! I've also just been told that we're planning on staying here for this year as well, so I'm pretty chuffed!!!Even if everything else about The Caledonian was total rubbish, the location would most definitely make up for it! It's right at the end of Princes Street, so all of Edinburgh lies before you and the shops are near too, which is especially handy if you're an idiot like me who left all her jewellery at home and had to make a quick dash to New Look before going out. True story. The morning after the night out - nursing one hell of a hangover - it was so nice to stroll down to the Christmas market and have a look at all the stalls and everything.The Caledonian has a properly grand feel to it. The staff are excellent and we felt like complete plebs even just pulling up to the front! They parked my car for me and I definitely felt safe leaving it with them, knowing I wouldn't have to think about it til the next day was great as well. The inside looks totally amazing, especially where the main bar is  - the high ceiling is so impressive and since it was all done up for Christmas it was pretty magical!The room was lovely, I guess if I had to nit-pick I'd say it was small, but for a city centre hotel it was a good size. We spent a good while just going "OOOH LOOK AT THAT. OOH IT HAS THIS!" at everything haha! The bed was brilliant as well, really comfy and soft - didn't have any problems getting a sleep here, never heard any noise from other rooms either.Really looking forward to my next stay here in December, I'll possibly report back with an update depending on how it goes this year! If not, then you can assume all is well :)
5	We had a fantastic stay at The Caledonian with a castle view room. I was nervous booking because of other reviews but am glad I disregarded them and trusted my instincts.Check in was easy and we were given a free wifi code even though it wasn't included in our purchase (which we were aware of). Room 217 had a fantastic castle view, framed by two floor to ceiling windows and one window in the toilet. Toiletries were all by Salvatore Ferragamo (very nice!) and the room was really, really big by European standards. The only drawback for me was that there was no working fan in the toilet and the window didn't open - so, yeah - make sure the room is empty of other occupants if you need to go.There are a lot of negative postings about noise. This is all relative to what you consider to be noisey. I happen to live in London, and if I stuck my hand out of my bedroom it would get lopped off by a double decker bus. In my opinion, this was an extremely quiet overnight stay. If you are a light sleeper or don't live in a properly central part of a major, major city, you may not have the same opinion. Given that I was only on the second floor and (obviously) a castle view room is streetside, the noise was absolutely nominal - for me, nonexistant.The hotel was very accomodating with the fact that we showed up with our 11 year old daughter for a room booked just for two adults. We assumed since we had a king bed we would be fine, and we certainly would've been. We were only in the room for 5 minutes when housekeeping knocked on the door and brought in a rollaway for our daughter. No charge, no asking if we needed it - just delivered. Absolutely wonderful.We made use of the free Guerlain facilities (pool, hot tub, gym, locker rooms). Again, by European standards these are all top notch. If you're an American, you're going to have to reduce your expectations a bit. I am an American but have lived in the UK for 4 years and have learned that size and function aren't quite the same as in the good 'ol U-S-of-A. The first night the hot tub was out of order and the receptionist at the spa said they were short staffed and might have to close early. When it turned out they wouldn't have to close early, she came to the pool to tell us (which was really nice). I posted photos of the room and would highly recommend The Caledonian to anyone. Last time I visited Edinburgh I stayed at a Holiday Inn. Fat chance of that ever happening again!
