2	This review is specifically for this location and NOT ALL Einstein's.  This particular store has the most piss-poor service and product!Here are a couple examples:Last week I ordered a salad to-go.  They made it "fresh", put it in a bag and I took it back to work.  Upon arriving back at work I realized they didn't include the bread that comes with it.  :(  When I started eating the salad it was a fresh layer of lettuce on top of a slimy-brown layer underneath.  Barf!This morning I had to wait 20 minutes to get a toasted bagel and cream cheese to-go!!  There was this guy next to me that was fuming!  I guess he was waiting for an order that he had faxed in the night before and they still hadn't filled.This place needs to have more people on staff and train them better.  Really, making bagels couldn't be that hard!If you are in the area, go to the Einstein's on Thunderbird + 40th St., the manager there is wonderful!
2	Einstein Bros., I want to love you...I really do...you are making it soooo damn hard.I have to interject here that, like the review before me, this applies to one location only (mostly).You're convenient, really close to home and the coffee is really good. The bagels are good..they really are. So why do you have to cheap out on the amount of  ingredients in the sandwiches? Are you not making enough profit??? Come on, now...I kinda stopped coming here a while ago because at $5.49 for a Nova Lox and Bagel I kind of want to at least have the bagel moistened with cream cheese  and have a couple more chips of lox on there with the 3 or 4 capers that garnish it. Ok, I might be over exaggerating a bit, but really, they go rather thin at this location. So I stopped coming here and would go to Desert Ridge to get my occasional fix.Fast forward to present. Got a bunch of coupons in the newspaper and decided to give it a second chance, so have come here 3 times in the past week. Here are my experiences (note that experience #1 is going to be corporate, across the board and has nothing to do with quantity and everything to do with design and marketing):1. Came in with coupon for new bagel poppers and coffee to enjoy on business road trip to Sedona. Poppers are featured in a cup with a lid leading one to believe they are an easy to eat finger food. DON"T BE FOOLED! The cream cheese poppers have a coating on them so slick that when you grab one between two fingers in explodes from your hand and projectiles into your windshield where it sticks and slowly slides off. Ok, not really, but seriously, I couldn't get them out of the cup, they kept slipping out of my fingers. I bought their self named car cup to only find out that it didn't fit in my cup holder and the first gentle turn I made out of the mall had the cup in my lap and me dancing in a seat of hot coffee. Add to that the aggravation that the guy taking the order wasn't sure how to ring it up because I got the car cup and....#2  This actually went ok. Second coupon and things went smoothly, coffee good, bagel fresh and while cream cheese was a little thinner than what I like was adequate.#3  Now today....ohhhh, today. I was ravenous...ate too lightly for dinner last night and didn't make it out of the house for breakfast until almost 10am. So, today's coupon is buy one bagel, get one free. Never thought about how much that schmear of cream cheese was until I had to actually look at the menu...$1.50, ok, times two bagels, 3 bucks, well, ok. Asked to have my two bagels toasted with cream cheese. First they come to me and inform me that they were out of one of my bagels. Ok. Then, when my order is called up the guy doing so makes fun of my name (my nickname is 'Cia, most think it very pretty, but it kind of loses its charm when the guy behind the counter yells out "Cia! [snicker] C-I-A!). Went to pick up the bagels and the cream cheese was scraped on sooo thin it was almost none existent. Complained...got a dirty look from the guy that spelled my name and the guy that took my order "informed" me that if I wanted it thicker I needed to ask for "heavy" when I placed my order...yeah, dude, uhhhm, I just wanted to actually be able to SEE the cream cheese on the bagel before I ate it. And the punchline? Get back to my table and it turns out one of the bagels wasn't even toasted.Einstein's...is it so hard to get it right? One out of three experiences in a week's time acceptable is, well, kind of unacceptable.
5	Hrmmm im honestly surprised at the lack of 5 star reviews for this location. I have been stopping in here for 5 or so years and have never had one bad experience. I stopped in on Wednesday, got a bagel with schmear and a large hot chia tea latte. My complaints are that the drinks come WAY SUPER HOT and the bagels always come with so much cream cheese that I have to scrap some off. Seriously, and those aren't bad complaints, im just picky. The service is always outstanding and fast! I never have to wait more then 3 minutes to get my hot drink and bagel in my hand. Keep up the good work!
3	The coffee at this location is awful- please go get lessons from the lady at the Thunderbird and 40th street location.However, the primary morning guy, Shawn, is awesome. He is friendly and chipper, but not so much so that he's annoying as your first human contact of the day. He is generous with the toppings and speedy.
2	Please for the love of God, don't microwave eggs.If not for that, this review would be a 3 or 3.5 stars, but seriously, eggs don't like microwavization. Just ruined the whole panini egg sandwich for me.The coffee was pretty good. They had a selection of 4 going from light to dark which is nice. Lots of places have you choosing between a full city and a french which is frustrating.Service was very friendly, but a tad slow for the number of people that were working there. I think they were focused on a lot of large pickup orders, but when you sell bagels by the barrel, you should expect that.Saw some people picking up said bagel barrels, they mentioned how their office would cheer upon their arrival and heap laurels and praise on their shoulders. They boasted that their upcoming performance review was assuredly positive with such accolades. I smiled at them and wished them the best in their fantasy worlds. Scottsdale methinks is full of fantasy in this desert oasis.
4	This location is a mixed bag.  The people are super super nice working there and Shawn behind the counter is very nice and a great asset to the store as he has a great attitude and big smile for everyone.  Jessie the manager is very nice as well.  However..... I seem to have some problems when I go there.  Not sure if it is me or a dark cloud over my head or my luck of the draw but I have had a number of times where I have had the wrong order when I get to my store.  Being that I own a business and I am there ALOT of the time by myself, it is not convenient for me to run back and fix the bagel.  The other complaint that I have is that (like a few above) I swear they are the cheapest Einsteins with their cream cheese.  For the love of God, PUHLEEZ put some cream cheese on the bagel where it is actually not just a thin veneer that soaks into the bagel so that by the time I get to my business, I have just a kinda wet looking bagel.  True, I get the bagel thins.. maybe they think I WANT a little amount of cream cheese or maybe they think I NEED a little bit of cream cheese?  Or is it that that is the way that those bagels get served?  it has happened sooo many times that I almost have given up hope that I will get enough on there.  Then I feel like a pig asking for more.  .. I just want a "normal" amount.The one positive is that, even tho I literally go there every day, they never embarrass me like.. "hey, you again?".. and their bagels are good and they ALWAYS have the everything bagel which is the only one I get.  I guess I am a creature of habit.. lol.. I will still continue to go there as it is convenient but these are just a few things that if they changed them, they would be a great bagel shop.. :)
5	We are regulars at this location.  I love the staff (Michelle is incredible) as is just about everyone else. Yes, they microwave eggs, but they microwave real eggs (not the nasty egg food stuff) and everything there is always so fresh. As a bonus, they are very sweet to children and dogs.
3	Love Einsteins and the food here is perfectly fine as is the staff.  I discovered that this Einsteins is considerably closer to the one that I had regularly been going to so figured i stop by.Staff was friendly which is good not necessarily as outgoing as the Einsteins I normally go to, I get this may not be important to everyone, but at 7am on my way to work a little laughter and banter is a nice pick me up.I also get the sense they are understaffed.  The spot is not too large but the wait times have been longer then a couple Einsteins I have been to.I absolutely would stop in again and their bagels are great.
2	Stopped there on my way to work.  The bagel I got tasted like dirty mildewed water.  I don't know if this was due to what was cooked in the toaster before or bad butter or what but it was truly inedible.  The only reason they don't get one star for this experience is that it is the absolute first time I have had an issue at Einstein's.
3	Been to several of these on other trips and they are always good.  Bagels were the same good quality but none of our three bagels were warm.  I got the egg sandwich and the cheese didn't even melt.  We will try it again on this trip and I'll update if there is any difference the next time.
4	Bagel sandwiches are just A-Ok - they are actually pretty bland.  I had the black forest ham, egg & cheese breakfast sandwich on a wheat bagel and I tasted nothing.  The bagels with schmear, though, on the other hand are pretty good.  They have the new pretzel bagel that my son ate - it was really good, but I did have to scrape off some of the salt that was overloaded on it.  Go here for the bagels and schmear, go elsewhere for the sandwiches.
1	It is frezzing inside and the service is terrible,gave away our order to someone else and then said it would be another 15 min and when we said no they only gave us a partial refund and made us pay for the coffee even thoug we were leaving .they need a lesson in the customer is right
3	Decent bagels when you are hungers.
3	My dislike of Einstein Bros Bagels is pretty obvious.  Just look at some of my reviews of other locations.  I only ate here because it was 7:30am, I was hungry, a bagel sounded good, and I had some time kill before an appointment just across the street.Like any Einstein, the bagels are acceptable.  Nothing amazing.  Just good enough that I am willing to part ways with $3 for bagel and cream cheese without being angry.  That being said, it really felt like this location skimping on the cream cheese.  I'm also not a fan of the set up.  Not only do I hate waiting in line to order, then waiting in line to pay, then waiting for my food, but this location's toasters are in the middle of those lines.  When they call your name, you have to walk back to the middle where people are waiting to grab you bagel.  Couldn't someone take 3 seconds to talk toward the group of people waiting?This location does have something going for it that I do appreciate; Friday Challah!  Great call by whomever was smart enough to realize that they're in a very jewish part of town.  I have no idea if it's any good.  I doubt I'm going to drive over to Einstein just to get Challah, but I appreciate that
5	Great bagels, yummy coffee. The people are awesome. I come for breakfast at least once a week!
3	Standard chain bagel shop. They make several variations of good coffee. They have breakfast bagel options (some with eggs, steak, smoked salmon or veggies) which are not the greatest. If you order a dozen bucket of bagels to go (with two cream cheeses), you can get them pre-sliced, which is nice.
3	First time in a bagel place and I would say it was ok.  I still can't figure out why one employee takes the order, another takes the money, another employee calls out orders and one more walks around asking if everything is ok.  All this for a bagel or sandwich seems wasteful of labor.  Since this was my first time here, I ordered an ice tea, somehow I was supposed to know it was in the cooler on the way to the line for paying.  Guess I am just out of the loop at this place.  Food was ok, nothing worth mentioning.  I could always get a bagel with coffee at another place and be just as content.
1	This is the third time going to Einsteins on the weekend and was met with an egregious wait.  This was due to poorly trained cashiers and inadequate staff.  It took over 15 minutes from entering the door for a simple bagel.  On top of that my order came out wrong and had to be corrected. Suffice to say I will no longer be going back to this establishment.  Advice to management: invest on training your staff and hire more people for the weekend morning rush.
