2	Some of the worst customer service I've experienced in Las Vegas since moving here five years ago. Would never buy anything with workers who are as rude and impatient as they are at this place. I got a sense of that over the phone, but I thought maybe the guy was just having a bad day. It was the same rude uninterested service when I went into their shop. The shop is basically a warehouse with the garage door open. Looked more like a make shift store front. You can also search google and see that there are others with similar experiences with these guys.
5	Sure the guys there might be a bit brusque, but what you will get is a scooter at a good price, with no hidden charges, and people that WILL stand behind their product and honor a warranty.  To me thats as good as it gets.
1	The worst customer service coming from the owner of the company.  He is racist, RUDE and obviously lacking in customer service. BEWARE. and NOT shop at this location. I don't know what kind of education the owner attain but obviously he is lacking. Please spread the word to everybody and let put this shop out of business. We don't need a racist and rude people in business.
1	DO NOT come to this business! The owner is very smug snarky bastard and a thief! If you need work done on a scooter that is not one of the kinds they sell, don't bother here. My husband and I went here to get our 50cc scooter fixed. It had been a problem to start, putting and dying a lot. We took it in to get a full inspection and tune up to fix anything that was wrong. We wanted it in full working condition. When we came to pick it up we found the owner had arranged for things to be done that we did not want. He charged us for his time but did no engine work like we needed. When we asked about purchasing a particular part he said it was $5. Then later he said it was $45. When we told him he quoted us $5 he refused to admit that there was even a possibility that he said that and was incredibly rude to us. He swore that our scooter was ready to go but that day it broke because he changed out our performance parts for stock when there was nothing wrong with them so he could steal them.  When we took the scooter back a couple days later the owner refused to fix it . He passed us over to his other mechanic. They then broke our seat, broke the floor battery cover, and gave us our scooter in pieces! BEWARE!
