1	Over priced food, poor customer service.Owner is VERY rude & inconsiderate!!
5	Unknown, at least for many of us out of towners. Excellent food, super friendly owner and staff. Wonderful place to eat. Everyone at our table was well satisfied with their order. It seems that Adam Richmond (Man vs Food) and Bert Kreischer (Bert the Conqueror) had just been in there after filming Bert the Conqueror in Eloy. Adam had 2 orders of their famous Bacon Wrapped Olives. If your heading to Tucson or San Diego or even just spending a day at the outlet malls, it is worth the trip into town to eat here.
3	Just so you know, I like the owner of Bedillons quite a bit, so in all openness I want to just rave about everything, but I cannot, I must not, so here's my honest review.    It is hard to find good help in Casa Grande. Bedillons suffers tremendously because of this. I have been here twenty or so times, my most recent trip involved asking three different servers five different times for a refill of my soda, which took around thirty minutes to finally get, and this is a constant problem, slow forgetful service even on far less than busy visits. So you're asking yourself, why twenty visits if the service can be so bad? Fair question, and the easy answer is that the food is fantastic.    From great starters like the stuffed mushrooms with a sweet cornbreadish/crab filling topped with wonderful Monterrey and the rave inducing bacon wrapped olives, to great entrees like their juicy prime ribs and filets, or the much better than any other coconut shrimp I've had, coconut shrimp, they are seriously delicious. The food at Bedillons is a serious cut above other places in town.    Bedillons could probably use a makeover on the inside, and this is really just my opinion, I'm used to much more modern places, but it reminds me of a retirement home in a way. The knickknack/junk everywhere/southwestern/cowboy theme is novel enough and appeals to the older crowd that is usually drawn here, but for me, eh.    There is also a museum/shop of southwestern type stuff, not my thing but some people love it, and a neat little cactus garden. In all I most likely would give the food five stars, it's delish, but the unpredictable service is a killer. If you're coming through Casa Grande, you should totally stop in, it's a little pricey but the food is worth it, just try to sit somewhat close to the bar to flag people down so you don't go nuts waiting for a soda.
2	This place is roughly a half way meeting place between Phoenix and Tucson, that why we chose to try it. I don't think we'll be back. We went at 8pm on a Thursday night. We were the only group in the entire place and they had the TV blaring in the bar so it was pretty awkward. Like we were visiting someones house and they left us to entertain ourselves, while they watched TV in the other room. I had the prime-rib sandwich and the first few bites were all fat. I ended up disassembling my sandwich and picked out all the edible meat. The rest of my family, a group of 6, didn't rave about their meals either. And this place isn't cheap, expect to spend at least $20-30 a person.The staff was very friendly though
4	I believe it's an old house converted into a restaurant. A big house. Food is great. Staff is fun and polite. Nice outdoor seating to sit and have a beer or whatever when the weather is nice.
5	What a great find this was. I couldn't find it on yelp because it should really be listed under restaurants. We got the name of the place from the chamber of commerce. We needed a nice place to meet another couple halfway between Tucon and Phoenix. It's very cute inside and out. The food was excellent! The owner/bartender was really helpful in talking my friend through the directions to get here. He even took my cell phone outside and flagged her into the parking lot. We all ordered different things and everyone raved about their food.
4	Definitely make a reseveration, even if you think a reservation is not necessary.Bedillion's is regularly at capacity during peak season, especially for dinner, even midweek. Indoor seating within the historic residence building, or outdoor seating, weather permitting, dining at their garden patio... nice experience. Afterwards, browse the on-site museum to see fascinating antiques and some archaeological pieces from past centuries.Bedillion's has a really handsome bar with original woodwork from the early 1900s. Space at the bar is limited, but with enough advance notice, you could stop by Bedillions just for a few good drinks at their bar, then go check out the museum and cactus garden.For a light entree, try the cedar plank grilled salmon. Or for something more southwest hearty, try their prime rib, it is outstanding... fresh, hand cut, thick and tender. The prime rib supply can sell out fast, so make a reservation and place your order in advance!Bedillion's is located in an older residential section of Casa Grande. But don't be fooled by older outward appearances, Bedillion's is a well kept little secret in Casa Grande that you must experience to appreciate. After you visit Bedillion's, you'll be telling all your friends about your amazing find off the beaten path in Casa Grande.The staff is a lot of fun. If you're lucky enough to meet Michael, the owner of Bedillion's, talk with him, Michael will make your visit memorable. Michael is a wealth of information about anything you see at Bedillion's, from the cacti, to the museum pieces, to the menu items. Be courteous with Michael and the Bedillion's staff... and they'll be nice to you.If you're going to be passing through the area, call ahead and make a reservation at Bedillion's. Their menu and contact info is at the Bedillion's website:  www bedillons com
5	This is a great restaurant. My wife and I had the evenings special which was prime rib with shrimp on top. It was one of the best we have ever eaten. The Jicama salad was also special and the service was excellent.
1	Lived in Casa Grande over 7 years and still confused why people rate a restaurant highly that smells liike musty carpet.  The food was only average.
4	Came here for the atmosphere. Opt to sit outside. The cactus garden with twinkling lights is cute. They sometimes have a band play on Friday nights. (In the cooler months) Great food! I had the Mexican style salad. Huge plate!
5	Wow! From the minute we arrived, I knew that this was going to be something special. The atmosphere is eclectic, Western, artsy and homey ... all at the same time. The entry courtyard is filled with trees, cacti and blooms, and there is an expansive courtyard out back that has to be THE place to be on a starry Arizona night. We were there for lunch and ate inside, in the main dining room (and it really is the dining room of former residence). My companion and I both ordered the BBQ beef sandwich which ... I kid you not ... was T.H.E. best BBQ beef sandwich that I have every had. It was (really) tender, sliced just right and covered with tangy sauce, sauteed mushrooms and bacon on a golden, fresh baked bun. The fries were broasted, hot and had the nicest crunch to them. A+ all around, including the service, which was friendly attentive and helpful (our server urged us to try the BBQ after we asked about it). The sandwich was huge and I took half of it home in a foil package that was hand shaped to resemble a swan. (When was the last time you had a restaurant hand you one of those!).We met the owner, Michael, on the way out and he chatted with us about the time that Arizona Highways came for a visit and Bedillions ended up on their magazine's front cover ... and how he and his family came to acquire the property. By the time I left, I really felt like part of the family. Bedillions is family owned and Michael's daughters were scurrying about, talking with customers.Do not miss this place when you visit Casa Grande! Take the time to go west, toward the downtown area, and have an amazing meal at a restaurant that is anything but run of the mill. I will be back. I can see why Bedillions is a big favorite with the locals. ... Lori Martinek
5	Friends and I just had lunch there today for the first time.  We were wowed!  The Food was fabulous, we had Cobb Salad, a Prime Rib Sandwich and a Philly Steak Sandwich.  The fries were perfect too.  The Jacima salad was delish and different.  What an adorable place - we all just loved it.  The gardens and the layout and the rooms, the museum, all of it was way cool!  Can't wait to go back.  A real gem in Casa Grande!
5	THE BEST restaurant in Casa Grande and it's locally owned!  Nice ambiance, diverse menu, easy parking and great outdoor patio for catered or special events.  Personally, I am hooked on the bbq beef sandwich at lunch!  For out of towners in search of a good local eatery, this is it!
5	This place is great! This was my first time going...Delicious food, great atmosphere and good service! The quesadilla is amazing and everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed all their food. The owner is awesome!
4	Good food. A tad steep in price, but not horrible for the service level. Best to go in late spring/summer though, otherwise it's chock full of snowbirds in there. It's in the older part of town, so the neighborhood is a little sketchy for such a nice place.
4	I was looking for a nice place to stop between Phoenix and Tucson, and was intrigued by the descriptions in Yelp. Very good and varied menu, in a lovely space, including a small museum and cactus garden.
4	Nice restaurant for Casa Grande, somewhat pricey for the demographics but overall food is good and presentation is attractive! The Cactus Garden and museum on premises is a must to view!Family owned and operated with pride. Owner greets customers and is very cordial.
4	Met a friend from Tucson halfway in Casa Grande. I like the local spots and this is as local as it gets. The owner met us at the door and sat us. The steak salad was really good and was huge. The atmosphere is relaxed southwestern. A good place for groups. If I ever find myself back in Casa Grande, I'll be eating.
5	My husband and I go here nearly every year for our anniversary. I always order the coconut shrimp. It's SOOOOO good! I've been wanting to try something new, but the shrimp is so awesome that I always end up ordering that. They're huge. My husband loves the steaks.
4	I have eaten here about 5 times and love the food quality and service. The cactus garden is beautiful and the setting being in this old home is unique. I recommend this restaurant to others looking for good food outside of the restraunt chains. Their french dip sandwhich is excellent and is one item I recommend you try.
