5	Definitely check out this new treat on Tenaya between Cheyenne and Craig. (It's in the same shopping center as Dairy Queen and the Chevron station.) They opened just this week.I've lived in Northwest Las Vegas for almost a year now, but I usually have to travel further downtown to get my Mexican food fix. I'm so thrilled I finally found a place that is affordable with good quality food. I ordered an asada taco combo with rice, beans and a medium size drink. I chose horchata and, though it came from a machine, it was creamy, yummy, and cinnamonny.The rice was flavorful and the refried beans were good enough. My tacos came with cilantro and onion on double corn tortillas with a spicy red sauce I loved. The quality of the asada meat was better than El Gordos downtown and I was happy about that. The husband and wife team behind the counter were so pleasant and welcoming - you can really tell this is a from the heart, family business. I would definitely recommend Chicken and Grill, especially to the folks in the NW who have been deriving themselves of quality Mexican food at a decent price point! I can't wait to try their al pastor!
5	Please check this place out. The food is fantastic! Very reasonably priced. The service is friendly and fast. You will not be disappointed. The beans are so good!
3	The food from Chicken and Grill was very fresh, which meant a little longer wait but was worth it.  The meat is good, burritos good and guacamole made fresh..  the only negative I would say is the cheese sauce they use unless you ask for real shredded cheese.  good food, stay away from the cheese sauce. fresh ingredients and great customer service.
2	This review is on the overall experience at the restaurant.Hole in the wall, strip mall location. This not necessarily bad, I've had some good food in these type of locations.I had a chili relleno, it was medium size for a relleno, the sauce wasn't bad, beans and rice average, all in all, average, I've had worse, I've had better.If was it based just on the food, I may have given 3 stars, but they had one customer in there, I assume a tweeker, from the way she was acting. Making noise, trying to draw attention to herself, obvious not enough attention as a child. The guy she was with was playing a game on his phone, he was quiet, she was screeching every time he played. The other people in the place were also tired of her dramatics. I reached the point where I went back up to the counter and changed my order to togo and explained to the lady working there why. While I was waiting, the noisy girl finally left, everyone was happy, when she left, we even discussed it. I changed my order back to dine-in. When you have someone in your business causing this much of a disturbance, you ask them to quiet down or leave, they didn't.So the rating is 3 for food, 1 for atmosphere, 2 overall seems about right. I won't be back, because I like to eat in peaceful atmosphere, without druggies, you never know what they're going to do.
4	I love the sopes (Friday special), and everything I've had I have enjoyed. It's a modest Mexican food shop- what you see is what you get, and that works for me. (I love the neighborhood family businesses and this one is another example of giving something a chance and finding a new favorite.) Yes, it's a humble store front, no it's not fancy- but I couldn't care less about that! It's clean, the food is good and the staff is nice and friendly.
4	This is solid food! Probably the best taco shop in this area and I have tried them all.Not the best location and probably could use use some atmosphere.They could use a salsa bar.Also, they take square payments now.
3	Little hole-in-the-wall places sometimes have the best food around and questionable sanitary conditions. Chicken and Grill seems pretty clean as far as hole-in-the-walls go. The food was just okay. I ordered a Saturday special which is two tamales, rice, beans, three chips and a soda for $5.99. I was given a choice of asada, ground beef or chicken tamales. I chose chicken because I can't recall having ever tried ground beef or asada in a tamale. It just seemed strange to me. I took my food to go so I could eat and relax at home. While I was shown my food before leaving, I did not pay attention to it all until I got home. Even with the familiar shredded chicken these tamales were unique. Two tubes of masa cut open and topped with meat and cheese rather than being formed all together like every other tamale I've seen. The masa was a dense and a little dry. The moist chicken and the side of warm sauce helped. And the chicken really was moist and flavorful. The side of rice was good. Just a good standard Mexican rice with some mixed vegetables. It is something simple but I love it. The beans were meh. Runny refried beans with a bit of spice. There was nothing really wrong with them other than me not caring for refried beans in the first place. When I do eat them I prefer they be thicker so I can mix them with the rice. And the three chips I was given were stuck into the beans making them soggy by the time I got home. As for the soda, maybe they were low on stock. My choices were Coke, Diet Coke and Mt Dew. I might be back some day to try more food. Maybe a 3 taco special. It is close and convenient and the prices are fair. Service wasn't bad and my food was ready quickly. Its worth a second go.
