4	This is definitely a place you can't judge from the outside.  Well not the inside either but the food is fantastic. I friend of mine and I went in for lunch and we both ordered the fried chicken.  It was hot, well seasoned, and delicious.  You know how at some places the chicken is either really dry or has been sitting around so the skin falls off when you eat it?  Not here, it was made fresh to order.Side dishes were mixed.  I had the red beans and rice (delicious) and the macaroni and cheese which was bland.
3	Have gone here a couple of times.  Not in the best part of town but felt safe and comfortable once inside.  The first time I went with my family.  Had the chicken, very dissapointed, no flavor, just grease and flour taste.  Also had the red beans and rice.  Liked a lot.  One of the best teas around and they serve for the table cornbread that is made like pancakes.  Awsome!Went another time by myself since I was in the area and remembered the good red beans and rice.  Not as good the second time around.  Tea and cornbread still awsome.  Staff was nice, good service as was time before.  And place was still very clean.Might go back and try the breakfast, but don't know yet if I'll be back for dinner.  But would still recommend if someone were to ask for a soul food place to try.
4	What a good find. Whenever I'm in LA I have to hit up Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles. That's my gold standard. M&M is the closest thing I've found to Roscoe's. I ordered wings and a waffle and my brother ordered chitterlings with dirty rice and collard greens. Both of us were happy with our food. (As an appetizer they bring out fresh corn cakes.)Service was good, too. Kinda dive-y and old, but it adds to the experience.
4	Really great soul food in a friendly atmosphere. Don't let the exterior scare you away. It's definite "hole in the wall" greatness. I mean they have Kool-Aid on the menu for god's sake! All of the drinks are served in cool Mason jars. How awesome is that?!  The fried chicken is a must-get. Try dipping it in honey for an extra special treat. I drove 15 minutes out of my way to come here and I'd do it all over again.
5	I enjoyed coming to this place. Second time I've been here and let me just say it's gotta be the best fried chicken one can get. Made fresh to order so it is piping hot. Traditional soul food side items. My favorites are the fried okra and red beans and rice. One dollar up charge for white meat. Three piece with three sides and free cornbread pancakes is 14 bucks. Sodas with free refills are $1.50 and they even serve cool aid. Waiters and waitresses are very friendly and attentive. Look for a BOGO coupon in the Las Vegas coupon book!We well definitely be back again!
5	This place is solid.  Had the smother fried chicken, smothered in brown gravy and it was amazing, the sides are always perfect and the koolaid is extra sweet (like the waitresses there)I must go back and try the chicken and waffles, did not see it on the menu, and saw the huge plate of goodness sail by just as I finished my last bite.everything is made fresh so it takes a little time, they provide these great flat cornbread "pancakes" to hold you over.
5	My wife and I are new to Las Vegas and have been meaning to go here. We went tonight because of a Restaurant.com coupon. All of the food was very good; fried chicken (crispy, hot & not too greasy), catfish in cornmeal batter, red beans & rice, mac 'n cheese, greens and fried okra. Service was pleasant and quick. The servers were very friendly and helpful. We would recommend this to anyone who likes soul food. We lived in Savannah for ten years and this beats the overrated Paula Deen. Can't wait to go back for their gumbo.
5	Well to start the correct address is 3923 Charleston and they told us they have been there 9 years. This is a gem of Southern cooking in Las Vegas. I had breakfast of 3 fried chicken wings & eggs. Served with fab home fries and the best biscuit I have ever had outside a home.Prices were very reasonable and the service was terrific. They also serve "sweet tea".  You have to try this place you will be hooked.
