5	Simply AWESOME!!! A must have if your craving relief from the Vegas heat.
5	best hawaiian shaved ice in vegas. ice cream, soft snow, condense milk, red bean, mochi... perfection.,had 2!  *update recently had shaved ice from a different at the Aloha Hawaiian festival  at Silverton Casino, so decided to compare.  WOW really noticed a difference, the vendor at the fair used "crushed/ground" ice which they made using modified drill presses, ewwww,  it was crunchy ice and all the syrup drained to the bottom, leaving little flavor on top. that left the ice on top tasting like bland crushed ice left over in a drink. Boo. Ice cream on the bottom tasted like that synthetic cheap ice cream, you no waaay processed. Ick. The syrup that drained from the top was pooled and concentrated on the bottom in tasted like cheap koolaid.  in short, cheap syrup and ice cream, basicly clumpy hard crushed ice, wasnt impressed.Went to Sno Shack again to refresh my taste memory and refresh myself from the blazing Vegas sun. This guy has the REAL DEAL "Snow" machine that actually "shaves" the ice giving it that soft texture of fluffy snow. Fluffy snow means syrup stays evenly spread throughout the sno. Owner Jackie told me he gets his syrup from Hawaii and definitally taste deliciously yummy and DEFINITLY NOT KOOLAID like the other cheapo ice. Ice cream was real ice cream flavor,  no skimping,here! :)  Azuki beans and sno cap made the whole thing a creamy, smooth, fluffy sweet mountain of YUM!  Even as a hawaiian shaved ice novice, i can, definitly see and taste the difference between REAL "shaved" ice and sub par "crushed" ice. Its definitly an art and Jackie at Sno Shack will be happy to explain it to you and watching him worl his ice magic is fun!
5	Sno Shack, more like super tasty frosty sweet ginormous snow mountain of flavor shack!!  Love it, finally real authentic Hawaiian flavor that is EXACTLY what I got hooked on and have been craving since last time I was in Hawaiian. Staff is cute and friendly, glad I found this hidden gem at the swap meet. Booth G4. Got one as I was shopping around and had to get another on my way out! Staff told me they like to try introducing and test new favors and combos! Rainbow is a sure fire classic. Don't forget to add the azuki beans and sno cap they MAKE sno ice sno ice. Repeat, DONT be afraid to add them, it is ABSOLUTELY A MUST!  Snooooooo Shaaaaaaack I heart you!
5	This shave ice stand opened just in time for the Vegas heat.  One of the things I miss about living in Hawaii is the shave ice.  Here is a place to satisfy that craving.  Great quality and friendly service.
5	This place definitely has the best Hawaiian Shave Ice around! I've tried Shave ice from California, Vegas, and Hawaii, and this place can definitely match the deliciousness of the shave ice from Hawaii. For just about $3.50 I was able to get a huge mound of ice in a flower cup. For about $.50 extra, I was able to get my favorite topping: condensed milk! The mixture of condensed milk with strawberry and blue Hawaiian is pure ecstasy to me. Once I start eating, I just can't stop!This place was a little tricky to find. I had no idea that it would be located inside of the Swap Meet, so be prepared to shell out an extra dollar per person when trying to get your shave ice fix. Overall, I was definitely satisfied with my experience at Sno Shack and will definitely be coming back to beat the Vegas heat!
4	i was real skeptical about trying hawaiian shaved ice since i usually go for taiwanese shaved ice.. but i was having a condensed milk craving and decided that this will do, after all.. i was already at the swap meet!  once i bought it, i was surprised (in a happy way!).  first of all the price was real cheap compared to the five dollars that i always have to shell out to satisfy my cold dessert cravings.  the kids size was 2.25 (i think) and an extra .50 for it to be snow capped (condensed milk).  they pile the cup high with FLUFFY ice.  i love love love how fluffy and fine the ice is here because then the flavor is dispersed evenly unlike those shaved bricks that you can get at the carnival.  then you can choose three flavors and there were a LOT of choices!  there was even a wedding cake flavor (but i didn't try it).  anyways, whatever three flavors you choose, i'm sure it will be good but i think i am in love with the combination that i chose (strawberry, blue hawaiian, vanilla).  also be sure to top it off with condensed milk YUMMMMMMMMMMMM.this place was a little hard to find because it was in the middle of an aisle unlike the other food places.  i'm giving this place four stars because the swap meet is open friday to sunday so i may only satisfy my cravings three days a week and i need to pay a dollar to get into the swap meet.  if this place were to open a store outside of the swap meet i would definitely come more often.
5	I LOVE this place!! Today was my first time here and it was so good! I tried strawberry and lychee flavors. The owners were very nice. I will be back again for sure!
5	This place is awesome. They make perfect shave ice, and the workers are friendly and knowledgable. Tons of flavors, li hing mui, mochi, the works. So happy to have a shave ice stand right down the street!
5	My boyfriend and I come here quite often! We got hooked on shaved iced from our trip to Hawaii and this place is the best in Vegas. Staff is friendly.. the location is a little different but very worth it!
5	Best Hawaiian Shaved ice in Vegas!  Great flavors brotha. Thx Jackey
5	I love this place. Best place to get Hawaiian shave ice!!!! Lots of different flavor and toppings to choose from. Prices are very reasonable.The owner is very nice, don't be  intimidated by all his tattoos.
