3	Me give this place 4 years of me life and $50,000 and all me get is piece of paper that say "Numen Lumen" at top. It supposed to be proof of wealth of knowledge that me absorb but guess what? Everybody else on planet take one look and know me no learn jack. They all like, "Liberal arts degree? Thank you, but that position has already been filled," or "Isn't a poli sci major just a philosophy major who doesn't live in his parents basement?" Not me fault! Advisor tell me that it really not matter which major me choose! Engineering students they all get six figures and Ferrari 599's and seven girlfriends even though they nerds. But no one else want to go to Engineering Building because they hear rumor it house of sin. So I spend all me time in upside-down Humanities building wondering why it upside-down, and trying to find hidden eleven in Big Ten logo, and now me poor.By the way, when I went there the biggest celebrity in town was Scanner Bob. Is he still around?
5	UW-Madison is what college should look and be like. The first time I visited, I decided right then and there, this is where I was going to school. You've got lakes, pretty old buildings, a hip, fun downtown strip, awesome sports to watch and more. Love, love love.
4	Great Big Ten school
5	You wanna get wasted every night AND get educated? This is where alcohol and scholars come together. Seriously with-it professors who don't skimp on the rigor. Amazing campus that keeps getting better every year.I'll always have love for you, alma mater.
5	I am a proud Badger alum (with one of those pesky liberal arts degrees), and I wholeheartedly adore this school. It really has the whole package as far as a university goes: beauty, brains, athletics and antics.First, the campus is incredible, sandwiched between Lake Mendota and Lake Monona. It's pedestrian and bike-friendly, and most students don't have cars. I usually biked to class, most of which were held in Van Hise, a fairly unattractive piece of architecture. The more historic buildings are much nicer (they are always doing construction to build or upgrade something or another). I used to study at Helen C. White library and play frisbee on Bascom Hill between classes. And spending an evening at the student union or The Rathskeller... or better yet, on the Terrace itself, listening to music, playing cards, drinking beer and watching the sailboats (or that one boat that looks like a vintage car)... it's heaven.  I lived in the Sellery dorms, which are these outdated high-rise buildings, but I loved it. They had everything a college kid needed, including cute boys. The campus food was nothing special, except that Ed's would make these delicious mint-Oreo blizzards, and they delivered pizza, nachos, sandwiches and even Raisinets right to your dorm door if it was too cold to go outside. Pop's was the standard cafeteria, and I don't know how many of us ended up accidentally stealing those huge pink water glasses... I may still have one. After the dorms, there are lots of slumlords in Madison who will be happy to have you from sophomore until senior year. :)Obviously, I'm aware of UW's reputation as a party school, but I kind of embrace it. The student body at Madison is generally bright, fun and has it together, so much so that they can party from Thursday 'til Sunday and still make it to class on time.As far as academics, I think the language programs are some of the best in the country. They offer more languages here than at most (if not all) American universities. I majored in Spanish Literature, and I liked my program a lot, though there were one or two tenured teachers that were a little unorthodox. I also took a lot of science classes for my pre-med requirements (there's no actual pre-med major here though). I absolutely my physiology and anatomy classes (the lab was with real cadavers, which is pretty cool for undergrads) and didn't love physics... the rest of the science classes fell somewhere in between. I didn't take advantage of having a major adviser as much as I should have, but I'm sure that there are some great mentors in all of the UWs departments.Last, I have to talk about Badger football, because there is really nothing like being in the stands of Camp Randall on a fall afternoon (or even being outside the stands, playing flip-cup with your friends' alumni parents under the falling leaves). Everybody is wearing red and everybody knows the cheers and everybody sings the songs... and everybody knows when to jump around. It's a crazy feeling to be part of something so big. I'm getting chills just thinking about it.On Wisconsin!
5	There is no other school in Wisconsin that can compare; the joke about UW-Madison only needing two people to screw in a light--one to do it and the other to say they did it just as well as an Ivy League? Truth, because we are just as good as an Ivy League--if not better.We've got everything anyone can ask for: a crapton of bars, a huge legacy, great sports, safe environment (note: crime other than petty thefts usually happen at the beginning of the year each year--and they're usually caught within a week or two of occurring), and a huge variety of things to study.Did Harvard produce the discovery of stem cells? No. Did Yale manage to come up with Warfarin, a very commonly used blood thinner? No. Did Princeton come up with the Onion? Hell no!The only thing I regret about this school is that I spent the first year of college at St. Norbert College upstate--what a waste. I've received so much more out of this school and I'm going to be spending my last year soaking up all the sweet Badger-ing that I can.On, Wisconsin!
5	Go Bucky!!!!  I've always wanted to be a Badger and am proud to be one!!
5	My alma mater.   Great campus, great classes, great teachers, wonderful experience.  But it is what you make of it and there are plenty of opportunities to have a great college experience here.  Madison is a terrific town too.
5	Here is my rating for the various schools I attended at the UW.Ag Journalism 5 starsBotany 5 starsHorticulture 5 starsMathematics 5 starsPhysics 5 starsEnvironmental Conservation 5 starsAgriculture 4 starsComp Sci 4 starsEducation 4 starsArts, acting, drawing, painting 3 starsZoology 3 starsEconomics 3 starsThese are just my ratings from my experiences and obviously do not represent other people's experiences with these schools.Obviously I had some bad experiences with art, zoo and econ.
5	I have to echo the sentiments of my fellow Badgers as I am certainly a very proud Badger alum. I spent four glorious years here and while I could write a book...I'll keep this review to a few crucial points.1) The campus is gorgeous. It is. If you can fall in love with this campus in the dead of winter (like I did) it gets even better when the weather warms up. You'll see a varied mix of old and new buildings and facilities which really add to the character of the school.2) Academics are no joke here. Seriously. Yes, Badgers can drink but we also studied very hard too. I attended the business school (you have to apply for admission during your sophomore year) and it was a really great program.3) Hungry? Thirsty? Seeking shopping? Want to go boating on the lake? Madison has you covered. So many bars, restaurants, cool boutiques and lovely lakes surround you here. I'll always have a soft spot for Wisconsin and proudly sport my Bucky sweatshirt, now and forever.
1	I paid these guys $75,000 for a piece of paper with a stamp on it. They told me it was supposed to get me a job but it isn't working and they won't let me return it.
5	I'm a proud Badger alum of both Bachelor's and Master's programs in the Dept. of Kinesiology.  I could write on and on about how great the University was to me, but I'll keep it short and simple.  Academics: some of the best, if not the best professors in the world, and world class research being conducted on a daily basis.Sports: there is nothing like experiencing a game day atmosphere at Camp Randall.  I've been to other college football stadiums and nothing compares to The Camp, period!  Bar none the best college football atmosphere in the world!  College Life: well, you just have to experience it for yourself, there is nothing like Madison in the world.
5	As a current student at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, I can say that I cannot imagine my life without experiencing the UW. This school was just recently ranked the 41st best university in the world. The academics, wide range of courses and talented professors encourage students to succeed. There is "something for everyone" at this school. Here is a list of unique opportunities that students at this school are offered...1. Camp Randall and Badger Football2. Bascom Hill3. State Street4. Greek Life5. Huge, lively campus6. Wide variety of students7. Thousands of student organizations (go to the Student Org Fair!)8. Kohl Center9. Free workout facilities10. University Health Services11. The gorgeous lake12. Memorial Union Terrace13. Union South (bowling, rock climbing, who could ask for more?!)14. Hundreds of internships offered in the Madison area15. Constant political activityStudents attending this University are offered so many opportunities that the average college student does not. If wondering where to attend college, strongly consider Madison. It is an unbelievable college town.
5	The best college in America, period.  Of course all of us Alumni are a bit biased.  But having visited several other colleges in the big ten in the past couple of months with a soon to be freshman, I have an even greater appreciation for the things that Madison and Wisconsin unique including the location on the lake, mix of historic buildings as well as state of the art buildings, not one but two fabulous student unions and everything within walking distance.
5	For my 500th Yelp Review, it is only fitting that I review the biggest, baddest, more Badgeriffic school around... My alma mater: University of Wisconsin-Madison.When I started at the University, I thought I wanted to be an orthodontist or a psychologist.  By the end of my first semester though, I had already changed my mind and decided on Journalism.  It wasn't until after I applied and got accepted to the the J-School that I realized what a top notch program it was - 3rd in the nation!  Talk about lucking out. I got a second major in Political Science as well.I think I undersold how fabulous the school was initially because my dad was always taking me there as a kid when he was working on his PhD.  I literally grew up playing in the stacks at Helen C. White and Memorial Libraries.  I didn't want to go to a school that I knew so well when it was time for me to go to college, but after scoring an academic scholarship I "caved." I am so happy that I did - the best decision of my life!Thanks to the UW, I am on my second great career (first as a TV Reporter and Radio Host, now as a Marketing Director/Community Manager) and have a network of great friends I would have never met - friends who continue to rock out with me "Badger-style" at a moments notice.  We've been together through weddings, kids, passings, etc. and have memories of college as our anchor.  Nothing like reminiscing on the good old days. While the school is in DESPERATE need of more people of color, the small community there is tightknit and very welcoming, which helps. Also - the instructors and professors are absolutely wonderful, especially Prof. Hoyt, Prof. Pat Hastings, Prof. Lew Friedland, and Prof. Katy Culver (the latter two of which I still keep in contact with almost 10 years after graduation because they've been such wonderful mentors and supporters - how many students at other schools can say that?).Regarding the campus itself, you can't get any better.  It really is as picturesque as it sounds nestled between three calming lakes, walking distance to the Capital and surrounding square, and a stretch of all things college-y and awesome known as State Street.  And don't even get me started about Homecoming or Halloween weekends?!  Even if you are not a student there, you should visit then for real for a great time!Winters are evil, evil, evil.  However, even with that fact, going to a school as wonderful as this one with an unmatched academic reputation and a social life to match, I say just bundle up and take advantage of spiked hot chocolate or spiked hot cider like any true Badger would.  ON WISCONSIN!!!
4	Nice campus to visit. It's pretty big and I found it a little easy to get lost (it's very spread out) but not bad.
5	Came here for the prestigious school and it was the best decision I've ever made. Met lots of great people and fell in love with Madison. Badger football games and summer nights at memorial union were highlights of my undergrad. On Wisconsin!
1	I was appalled to learn of these acts of cruelty being performed on  helpless , trusting cats . According to documents obtained by PETA, a cat named Double Trouble had her eyes, ears, and brain operated on. Steel coils were implanted into her eyes and a stainless steel post was screwed into her skull so that her head could be immobilized during experiments. Then, she had holes drilled into her skull so that electrodes could be inserted in her brain. Experimenters then applied atoxic substance to her inner ears to deafen her and electrical implants were placed deep inside both of her ears.UW's rationale for this torture is to improve the design of hearing aids . In fact , they have been doing this for 30 years and proud of it.....again....they are proud of animal cruelty.Animal testing may help with the groundwork for curing diseases, but it doesn't take away from the fact that animals are still suffering. It is cruel and immoral. There are other ways scientists can gather information to build upon. I am hearing impaired and wear a hearing aide. Every day I will be reminded of these experiments.Please sign CARE 2 petition asking University of Wisconsin to stop all experiments on cats.Horrible practices in this day and age.
