2	My daughter loves this place.  I on the other hand..would love to love it...but can't.  It doesn't help that this is a new location with a full staff still in training. The service was slow and inept, the food was mediocre even by California Pizza Kitchen standards.  One thing that I do have to admit is that I have never been a huge fan of "novelty" pizzas.  I view Thai chicken pizza, buffalo chicken pizza as just that...novelties.  I put it in the same category as a "pizza" burger.  If I want Thai chicken...I'll go to a Thai restaurant. There used to be a pizza here that I liked.  It had pepperoni, fresh mozzarella and capers on it.  It's not there anymore. I wonder if there was no room on the menu for it and the Cajun pizza. Sigh. My daughter and I each had a focaccia sandwiches.  I had the caesar salad, she the vegetarian.  Mine was non-descript, hers was actually quite good.  It had portabello shrooms along with red and yellow bell peppers.  If I am ever forced to go there again, maybe I'll order it.
4	I call CPK, safe adventure.  It's great when you have to go somewhere with a large group, and you don't want to cave into a totally non-descript chain.  Everyone can find something on the menu that they can tolerate, and I actually think the pizzas are quite good.  The prices are average, and the service is typically friendly.  The next time you have a business meeting or large group to accomodate, I recommend it.
3	as you know i despise trendy places, even if they have been around for a long time.  Mesa is usually behind the times anyway, and now has a CPK, but i was not impressed.  i like my pies big and heavy, these are small and very healthy looking.  I got lucky with this visit, they burnt the bottom of my pizza and had to bring me another and didn't charge me for it so i couldn't complain about the high price for this little pie.  great for groups and having good conversation, but next time i will have my pizza delivered and enjoy the taste and forget the company.
4	I have to admit that I am a sucker for non-cheesy, healthy-seeming (though probably not), non-traditional pizzas, and this is always a rare treat when I cross one of these places.....Thai chicken, BBQ chicken, thin crispy crust not smeared with grease and butter (that I can tell, chances are it's just folded in....).  All the smooth, gleaming surfaces and massive oven in the kitchen are mesmerizing.   Just avoid rush hour.....
2	this place has good food, but the service is always hit and miss. tonight the service was so slow. i probably will not be back
4	We go to or order out from Califoria Pizza Kitchen at least once a week.  Yes, the price is a little on the high side ~ but we love the food.  There is such a wide variety of pizza, pasta and salads.  I LOVE having CPK in the east valley right on my way home.  9 out of 10 times we have had a good experience ~ sometimes you have to wait a little while ~ but hey that's means they are in demand.  Blessings to them ~ : ) KC
2	Seven adults & two children venture in after a long day of hiking for dinner service. Not only did it take long to put two tables together but our server was also serving six other tables at the same time. I think their management needs to get things in order & not let three server's stand around while only one is actually working.
2	Huh? What? I ate here. Oh yeah. That place with the really really expensive salads, that sounded good on paper, but were boring,  and the really not too great service. The dining experience was great due to good company, but unless I have like.. a 75% coupon, I won't be back.
4	Same menu, service is fine, most often very attentive - but you have to ask for bread and butter, the servers don't just give it to you.Here are my favorites:Spinach & Artichoke Dip appetizerThai Crunch saladBBQ Chicken PizzaPear Gorgonzola PizzaGarlic Chicken Pizza$16.95 Jambalaya Pasta ** MOST FAVORITE DISH here (although pricey)$6.95 - Mushroom Flatbread (on their Lunch Menu - delicious and well worth the price! b/c it comes with a BIG side salad too)Clam LinguiniThe past few times I've been here was for the Yellow Ticket Promotion where the managers reveal a prize (ranging from 10%, 20% or 50% off meal, free frozen pizzas for a year, and cash prizes). One of my friends got the 50% off coupon so I ordered a few things I've never tried, one being the Japanese Eggplant Pizza on whole wheat dough (eh, it wasn't that great, and I'm glad I got it for 50% off)CPK food is overpriced, but if you haven't tried the jambalaya pasta, please do next time you go, because it's really great :)
2	It had been a while since I'd been to CPK as my husband hates it. Regardless I had (notice the past tense) always loved CPK, especially their hummus and pita bread. Last night it was pouring rain out here in Mesa, I had gotten back late from the dog groomer, so it was going to be a "go out for dinner" night or an "order something from somewhere and pick it up" night. My husband opted for Panda (not my fav) and since he was going to Dana Park, I picked CPK.When I looked at their online menu, I noted that some things had changed. Gone was the pasta with portabella mushrooms that I had always loved. I think it was some type of ravioli dish. The hummus offered also seemed different, but truly it's been a couple years since I've been in there, so I wasn't sure.I just looked at the menu and didn't realize the prices of things aren't on there. What is this trend? Since when does anyone look at a menu and not want to see the prices. It's bad enough when the fancy-schmancy restaurants (mostly in Scottsdale) do this, but this is CPK for crying out loud. I had been to my Italian lesson and I wanted some pasta...I should have just gotten some from my teacher...she's a great cook. Anyway, I ordered the Spaghetti Bolognese, the Fried Mac & Cheese Appetizer, and of course, the hummus. I knew I would just eat a little bit of each and have plenty for the day after and probably the next day too.When my husband got home he said, "next time you order from them, you might want to think twice about it...the bill was over $26.00." From CPK? For crying out loud, I could have gone to Olive Garden for probably less than that, and if not, at least I would have gotten unlimited breadsticks and their fabulous salad.But here's the rub...the hummus which came in an individual dish was maybe 1/16th of an inch thick. If I had bothered to take all six slices of pita bread and had spread the hummus over the tops of all of them, I think I would have had enough hummus for three slices. RIDICULOUS, people. My Spaghetti Bolognese was icy cold (which was helped by the microwave), but there was no sauce...there was only cold liquid. Granted it had stuff in it, but when you order sauce you expect sauce. I did get a kick out of whoever was taking the order when I pronounced Bolognese correctly (Bo-lan-yay-say) and he corrected me and pronounced it (bo-lo-nee-see), but that's just me being an Italian language snob now that I'm learning it. I didn't correct him. The Fried Mac & Cheese was good but not knowing how much any of this cost, I am pretty sure it wasn't worth whatever my husband had to pay.All in all, I won't go back to my fav CPK for the delicious hummus. Plain truth is, I won't go back at all.
3	I always enjoy CPK.  Consistently good food, big menu, several vegetarian options, decent Margaritas, good service.  For a chain it's all good.
1	Food and service are a joke! Goto Wal-Mart and get it in freezer section!
1	Food and service are a joke! There is a reason their food is in the freezer isle. In fact the food they serve may have come from  Wal-Mart.
4	The food is good, the service is better! I appreciate the atsmophere and classy location.  I believe they have a happpy hour menu for food that inculdes drink. Prices werent overly daunting. i think i'll have to go back to give it another shot, Its worth a second try.
4	We've done CPK before, but this was our first visit here.  We had a "sync" special through our credit card (we synced elsewhere on the web and this deal was "loaded" onto our card by the credit company).  So we paid a visit!The pizza was as good as I remember.  And as small.  I love the spicy Sicilian, even if it is thin crust. The food came fast. And even though we had to ask for more bread, the service was good.  There were three of us, and we finished 1.5 pizzas (the Sicilian, and a mushroom, sausage and pepperoni).  The pizzas are just a bit small.  But the flavor is very good.One complaint would be that the bread service was cold.  I like my bread warm from the oven!  The bread was good, but warm would have been better.
4	Cant go wrong with the tostada pizza and all the other unique pizzas. I always enjoy trying something new here. The price/portion is just right for me. The salads are also very large portions and tasty.
1	Wow.. He's right this place is a joke! Bad food and service... The nice manager tried to make it right but she's not the one cooking! After being ignored while waiting to be seated then getting yucky food. Crazy you'd get soggy flavorless pizza at a "Pizza Kitchen" ps I've been all over Cali and had excellent pizza's ...."they" would be ashamed of this place!
1	We went to CPK and it was terrible, our server was in our face the whole time. It was as if she was trying to rush us out and there was no wait for tables. Then, we had another server running the floor vacuum around our table and under our table, hitting our feet. I hate when restaurants allow this practice. It is discussing and intrusive with little regard for your customers! The food was cold and flavorless. I will never return to this restaurant.... avoid it's a waste of your $$$.
3	I hadn't been to CPK in a few years and I met up with someone here over the weekend. Our server was SUPER friendly and attentive from beginning to end. I strayed from my clutch California club pizza and had the thin crust sicilian which was okay. Will I be back? Probably not to this location since it's not in my area, but I had no real complaints.
3	I love CPK, but not this location. The service, while usually friendly (but sometimes not), is always bad. The food has always been consistent, within this location and with other locations, until tonight. I got something I get almost every time, and it was terrible. (The manager offered to take it off our bill.) my husband was concerned about the chili pepper garnish that he, thankfully, knew not to eat. The waiter saw our empty glasses and never refilled them. The girl who brought our good only refilled them because we asked.
4	Love the servers at this CPK.  They see do friendly and remember you and what you ordered.  Amazing! Happened to us twice with two different servers.  Love their salads and thin crust pizza!
3	Pizza and service were good service, didn't care much for the appetizer and salad menu. Might go back for pizza only.
3	Didn't knock my socks off, but would go again.
4	White pizza is the best. Service can be slow when they are busy.
4	This is a pretty solid restaurant for me. The service is decent and the food is good. My favorites are the mango mango mojito and the pesto cream penne pasta. The only downside is that the music on the sound system can be a little loud at times, which can make it hard to talk.
1	Poor and slow service! Not worth it go elsewhere! Normally service and food are good, this one is clearly poorly managed! Doesn't do any good to have a loyalty program if staff is clueless and mgmt is, too!
3	It's okay. I used to love their BBQ chicken salad but not really at this location. Something was lacking. I give it 3 stars for their salmon. Def yummy
5	Great Ravioli's and Carnitas Tacos!  Waitress was very nice and attentive.  Dined outdoor on the patio on this great day in Feb!
4	I am not a huge pizza fan, but I trust the opinion of my dad and husband in that it's "meh" and okay. That's my reason for docking one star.. It is after all Callifornia PIZZA kitchen, lol. I do love their Italian chopped salad though, which is the only thing I've ever ordered there since I found it.  Actually it'd been years since I went there and just had it twice this week. Yum! I also discovered their new Fresh Strawberry Mango cooler. I will choose a place to eat based on the drinks alone... For example, I'll opt out of places with Coke products for a place with Pepsi, even if the coke place has slightly better food. Anyway back to my review... The server was kind and quick enough. The food was good and timely. CPK is pretty consistent as a chain and I'll be back.
4	As far as CPK goes, this one is pretty awesome.  I've been here a bunch of times and the service has gotten consistently better over the past year.  If you're in the mood for CPK, you won't be disappointed.  Staff is attentive, nice, and the manager will typically come around and make sure everything is going well.  I'll definitely keep this one in the rotation...
4	California Pizza Kitchen's are everywhere....usually inside malls but this location  is easy in, easy out, which is why I enjoy coming here.  This location is not crazy busy where you have to wait 30+ minutes.  I always remember this location so if I am in the area I try to make a stop for a quick lunch.  The service is always excellent...great hostess and our waiter was absolutely attentive.  I already know the food......I come for the salads and pizza's, plus I always bring my son and he loves the kids menu selection.   I love how this location is different for some reason because it's never too crowded that I have to wait, but the staff has always been super accommodating, always friendly and if you frequent CPK you know the food will be delicious.Enjoyable!
1	horrible service - waited 45 minutes for our SALADS. We were ready to walk out, kids totally finished with their food, charged full fare when we finally got our food in to go boxes (by request). As everyone knows, the to go versions are nowhere close to the actual dine in portions. Manager never stopped by to apologize, and waiter couldn't even think to give us bags for our 4 to go boxes. Ridiculous....millennial generation waiters are the worst. We will not be going to CPK Mesa again. Stupid how simple it is despite a tough restaurant lunch crunch to give good customer service. We're understanding people....just frustrated.
4	I don't eat their Pizza, I can't get over how good their Chicken Piccata is. I have them add mushrooms and Asparagus tips.  I have to admit occasionally it is not as good as other times, so inconsistency is sometimes a factor, but when it's good you will be hard pressed to ever find a better prepared dish! The staff is well trained and friendly. The drinks are superb and the restaurant is always clean!
1	Haven't eaten here in years but decided to give it a shot again. Went in, was seated immediately, then the wait began. After being ignored by 5 different servers attending to other tables next to us for over 15 minutes we walked out. They weren't even busy.
3	Had their artichoke & spinach spaghettini. Tasted good overall.
