5	*Comfort Foot is a hidden GEM! I just needed some peace and found it here. The foot soak wasn't very long which is fine with me and my therapist started off slow so I thought, man, not another newbie, but then wham....he socked it to me. It hurt like hell but felt good at the same time. I put my earbuds in and listened to some music on my ipod and just let the foot reflexology commence. It was heaven and my guy really knew the points to hit. The best thing about this experience was how great I felt afterward! The only bad thing, if I have to give one, is it is a wee bit warm in there. If you want a cheap foot and back rub, you've found the best little secret in town!For $30, you get a bottl*e of water, a 70 mins full body massage called Happy Hour . Yep, that's a  minute rub down for less than a price of pizza at Compania!!!!In all seriousness, if you are looking for the best way to spend a Saturday or Sunday afternoon, go to Comfort Foot.
5	Great massage for $30. I'd definitely recommend. Relaxing environment too. They don't speak much English, but don't let that stop you from getting a massage.
1	I asked for the 70 min full body massage n didnt get my legs or feet massaged. My massage lasted less than an hour and i wasnt allowed to take my jeans off.
5	Been several times for $30 massage for 70 bucks.  They are foot specialists but do the whole body as well.  If you Arne not used to asian style foot massage, know it is very, very strong and can be painful - just ask them to ease up a bit but you feet will thank you the week after.  The ladies are very nice and free massage after 10th one!
5	I absolutely love this place l've been going here for over a year now! You can't beat the price 70 minutes for $30! The therapist (Hannah) works your feet your calf your thighs and your back from head to toe! She's very strong and works into the muscle tissues deep. For most that might be too much but just talk with your therapist on how you like the pressure then you'll have a relaxing therapeutic massage. This place is great for athletes and for people who are very active and on their feet all day long.
