2	North 51 Grill is pretty much on the corner of the 51 and Shea, in a mostly dead strip mall with a Pizza Hut and a Subway, and the newly opened Storm Wisdom. We stopped in for lunch recently and discovered that it used to be a Dirty Drummer. They even still had a DD neon sign on the wall (turned off). The place was nearly empty, but so were our tummies, so we stayed. It wasn't exactly spotless, so I guess they're keeping the spirit of the old name. The waitress was good, made helpful suggestions, and kept our iced teas full. We shared a cheese crisp, which came out hot and cheesy, with a really really good house-made green salsa. Hubby had a cheese enchilada with green sauce, which was kind of smallish and the cheese was not melted through. He really liked the green sauce, though, and the grilled broccoli he chose as a side. The refried beans were pretty flavorless. I had a ribeye sandwich. It was fine, cooked a tad more medium than I would like, but was flavorful and sparsely topped with grilled onions and mushrooms. My side salad was decent and quite large. Will we be back? Maybe if we're in the area and starving again, but it's certainly not destination dining.
4	This restaurant was formerly the Dirty Drummer on Shea, at the 51.  The management redesigned the interior, spiffed up the menu and the result is a great bar/diner THAT HAS THE BEST HANGOVER BREAKFAST IN TOWN!!!   All homestyle farm cookin' with a mexican twist--Nana's Hash is awesome. Huevos Rancheros kills it.   The bloody mary's are GREAT.  You'll drink at least 2.   The atmosphere is perfectly subdued, nothing fancy, easy on the brain.  Don't come here for a fine dining experience, but DO come here for awesome food that fills you up.  This town needs more great breakfast options.  PS-LUNCHERS, ONE OF THE BEST QUESADILLAS IN TOWN.
3	I'm removing a star, sadly, because I've been to the North 51 twice now, WITH A HANGOVER, and they have been closed.  There is nothing worse than knowing relief is moments away-(in the form of a bloody mary, nanas hash, and dark airconditioned bar) only to be shut out in the 100 degree heat with a headache and nowhere close to go!I don't know what's going on.
4	We were glad to see that Rick has the place up and running again.  Pretty much the same with a better menu.  Been there a few times now and while the service has been spotty, some of the wait staff have been great.  We will continue to hangout at this great little neighborhood bar!
5	best chicken wings and cold beer!!!! great service!!! lovely servers
4	Best dive bar with awesome grilled chicken wings, and one of the best chicken quesadillas in town. You can go there on any night of the week and find live music, and a great crowd.
4	My family and I went here to eat this last week.  I was pleasantly surprised!  Our server (who has worked there for a long time), was efficient.  My side salad was delicious!  The pizza was nice and crispy, even though the sauce was a little too acidic for my liking.  My philly cheese steak was also tasty!Impressed...will go ahead
4	Great food for such a weird place.  The vibe just doesn't work for me to want to hang out here for drinks.
1	pay the musicians what is agreed upon. this sort of uncool practices spread fast and furiuos1
1	DO NOT ENTER!!!! This place is dirty and stiffs the musicians that play there. If you want to visit a dive bar the best one in the valley is The Dirty Goat Saloon on S. Country Club just before US 60. Rated by Phoenix New Times as "The Best Day Drinking Dive Bar" and "Best Open Mike". They know how to treat musicians; they have a great stage, sound, and lights, and the help is AWESOME!
5	Best wings I've had in the Valley - hands down!  Good food, great service & a friendly environment - an overall nice place to enjoy dinner & drinks with friends.
4	Ahhhh....Hot wings.....We called one night to ask about the wings - we'd heard a rumor they were grilled after being tossed in the sauce. The bartender answered the phone and answered all of our questions so kindly and patiently.  We placed an order over the phone and proceeded to the restaurant to wait for our takeout.  The bartender was friendly in person as well.  The service was great, the wings were even better.  They deep fry them, toss them in sauce, and throw them on the grill.  This process cooks the sauce into the wings for more flavor (I think), and less mess on your fingers.  The ONLY way to eat wings!The place could use a little sprucing up though.  I heard it was the old Dirty Drummer and there is a sign propped up on the back wall to confirm the rumor.  We didn't try anything else there, but that doesnt' mean we won't be back.  It's def a neighborhood bar with regulars who are very protective of the bar and it's employees.  (kind of nice to see)  Unfortunately, we don't live in the hood.  But it is closer than JT's for wings and their wings are quite tasty!!
1	total dive bar.... paper plates, over-cooked food, yucky.....
4	This place has great prices on beer and food.  Friendly service!!!
5	Stopped after driving many times with a couple of Biker Friends and the food rocked. I had to take a bite of everyone sandwich!
4	A wanton desire for wings drove us to drop in to one of our old haunts. Don't bother going anywhere else for wings! Rick is still turning out some great food.  Met him at the door and he let us peek at his latest masterpiece. He was smoking some brisket or pork in this huge smoker out back.  You could smell the scent of pecan smoke in the parking lot ( reminded me of being outside the Rokerji). Rick was preparing for a concert event they were working. Man I wish we could have gone to hat concert just to eat whatever he was putting together!As always, this place is a no frills, good service, good food, great wings kinda place.
3	This seems like a pretty sweet place to come for the game and get some bar food. Portions are large, just like what you want from a bar. The bar food is better than the average, the wings are probably the best item on their menu, that we tried this day.I would definitely come back for a game, or just to kick back with friends.Um what's pretty cool is the smoker they have going in the front of the place. Don't park next to it or else your car will smell like food...i mean of course unless that is what you want.I'd love to be back to try other items on their menu...The sandwich was just an eh... btw
4	I stopped here only because of the reviews on Yelp.  I was not disappointment.  Amanda was the only server working, but it was 1:00 on a Tuesday and I was the only there.  She was very pleasant and greeted me as soon as I walked in the door.The Honey Hot wings were recommended and thus was ordered.  They were grilled after they were deep fried and had plenty of sauce on them.   When the wings were served so was I present a "cadaver bucket" inwhich to place the rements of the eaten morsels.  I appreciated the humor in this is and did LOL.  The wings tasted very good.  I also got the deep fried pickles.  I was not as impressed with them as I was the wings.  I felt the batter on some was not fried all the way through and was soggy.  There was also a lack of taste in the pickles.Overall I was very pleased with both them meal and service and will be visiting again soon and as often as I can.
1	Used to be good, now as bad as it gets.This location used to have great wings that were meaty and flavorful. Under the new ownership it is apparent that every penny of food cost comes before quality. They switched to wings that are about 1/4 the size of the old wings. Nachos also changed - now they use cheese sauce (on stale chips) instead of melted cheese. Ground beef? Not exactly. They chop up precooked burger patties and spread those chunks on the nachos. I was a loyal customer for six years. I'm done with this place now. It's going to be hard for them to try and eke out further profits when they don't get the dollars in the first place.
2	I took my wife here for dinner so she could experiance what I had.  There food was great but it seemed as if they were a little short staffed as we waited several minutes before anyone came an took our order.After we place our order the appatizers came out in a timely manner and tasted great, they also made a special burger for my wife, but the time it took to get served was way longer that it should have been. We hope things get better or all the remodeling they are doing will only benifit they next tenant
1	I found this place here in Yelp searching for 'huevos rancheros'... : (We got there around 10:45am, the place was open but empty... we came in and asked if it was open and a girl (looking at her phone almost all the time and with earphones on) said she was going to be our server. She seemed to be texting or something, I almost felt guilty to 'interrupt her'.We ordered water and a diet Coke and when she brought them we asked about breakfast menu. She said they didn't have any, just the regular menu. When I told her I had seen reviews about breakfast she said they could cook eggs and bacon. We were not ready to order an she decided to give us some time... and then she forgot about us. We decided to order pizza and wings, but honestly she never came back.Then we found out the diet Coke tasted really funny and, oh well, decided to leave. We went to the bar and 3 people were chatting in the back (among them our server) and we had a hard time getting their attention. I told her we would probably be back for lunch some other time and that we were leaving, and wanted to pay for the drink.In other circumstances we would have complained about the weird taste, but didn't want her to think we were just trying to get out of paying... however, we barely took a sip and I think any good business place would have waived the cost of the soda in hopes to keep a customer, given the odd circumstances and not so good service.Anyway, so we paid and went in our merry way to 5 and Diner.PS, we found out on our way out they seem to serve Pepsi products. I am not picky about my soft drinks, but the hubby is... The best servers always ask: Is Diet Pepsi OK? and then is when he asks... 'do you have iced tea?'
1	Sadly it seems as if this brand has meet is dimise.  It was good while it lasted and even though we only eat there twice it was good and I'm sorry to see it go
