4	I love this place-computer access all the time-no waits-the staff is very helpful if you need assisstance. Great quality print jobs with their printers & copiers. It mayost a few bucks to use the computers but they are faster  and better quality then the library or internet cafes.
4	One of the oldest Kinko's locations in Vegas, this place was my "go to" spot when I lived at the Lakes just up Sahara.  Now, I rarely come here unless I'm in the area.  This Summer I visited this location twice, most recently a few days ago.  It was refreshing to see that this location was still well run and delivered great service.Here's why I like this location:- Large Self-Service area with Copy, Printing, Fax machines....both color & b/w.- Plenty of staff to help you....some Fedex Kinko's are very small and only have 1 or 2 people working, which can make it frustrating if it gets busy....not here.- Ample parking.Will I return?  You bet!
3	It's no secret that Fed Ex sucked the life out of Kinkos. The BF tells me stories of his youth here and I can see it in people's faces at nearly all the ones I stop in that they're checked out. I can't really blame them for being indifferent- they get yelled at- alot. This is the biggest one I've been to and there is a good amount of staff because of the size. However, during a rush, it's bit of a frustrating mess much like waiting at the post office and this one can get that way. It's the most convenient location so on the few occasions I need a print center, I tend to go to this location.
1	The cashier deliberately and repeatedly disrespected me. The Manager had non-existent conflict resolution skills and lazy customer service skills and would just assume discredit legitimate complaints than deal with the consequences of their terrible workers and the poor judgment that let then stumble into their employ.
3	The one thing this office center won't do is scan a document and then email it to you - if you want to do that, you must first buy a thumb drive for $12, then they'll scan the doc to the drive, which you can then use in one of their computers to email. Sort of a pain, but everything else about this location was very good.
2	Place gets more dumpy every time I stop in.  A shame.  Kinkos was one of those businesses you championed.  Always there for what you needed and always in head of the technology curve for the technology illiterate.  The stores were always busy and they  tried to keep it clean and welcoming.  Than FedEx bought them out..  I like this one for its location, size and hours.  The staff??  I try to keep it to simple questions and simple, small words with hand gestures...  They seem to understand that most of the time.  You would think that all the land beyond the counter is filled with land mines and if they venture out to restock paper or fill the staplers, they might get sucked into a black hole, so its best to stay behind the counter and look stupid...   The customers can fill the paper in the copiers and bring their own staplers and supplies.I wish the original Kinko dude would return from his exile and fix the chain up... But he got screwed in the buyout..  Maybe that was a signal for what hey would do to the customers... ..
2	For what you get, I do not like FedEx/Kinko's.The second star is for the service here, which is actually nice and fair.Their print work computers are a total rip-off.I honestly think that their OS system is some variant of Windows 95 or earlier.  It's the only logical explanation as to why the computers are so slow.  It's .30 cents a minute to run one of their computers.  It used to be .20 cents, but I guess service this crappy has to be an exclusive benefit for those who thinks the world just whizzes past them and really just want to stop and smell the roses.  Or watch the computer groan and pant.  You put in your card, go through the rigamarole of accepting terms, logging on, etc., and then you wait.And wait.And wait.At this point, you have about a dollar's worth accumulated on your payment total as the computer chugs and wheezes to life.  So you scramble like crazy to set up what you need to do to minimize costs.  Everything being slow as molasses, of course.Oh, Yahoo Mail can't be accessed... unless you go through Yahoo chat and login that way.  Groan, wheeze, shuffle.So in my case, I'm printing documents as the clock keeps adding .30 increments like the Jeopardy timer.  It's .53 cents a page, but a good menu or two to navigate.  Then the printer has to warm up, and hopefully, no one will take your documents as your own, so you don't have to sort out who belongs to what.  .53 cents a page?  The paper is not made from caterpillar silk, and even then, I wouldn't need it.The photo lab is slightly better, though only some machines recognize my USB card and some don't.  And you can't always guarantee that all the machines will be in service.The experience would be a lot more justifiable if the computers were worth anything.  It's ridiculous to charge such a high price for nothing as the computer stutters and gasps to open a Word doc.  Fortunately the staff gets this, and have refunded me a few times when the computers suffer a massive brain freeze.  This is a huge corporate business.  There's no excuse for this.But the problems here are inherent to any FedEx Kinko's.  I don't blame the location or the people who work here, but the company really needs to get its act together and replace their 1990's level computers with something from the current decade.
4	I went in with an emergency print job I needed for work.  I needed a vinyl banner created and printed in 2 hours.  The staff was very helpful and worked with me to get the banner designed and printed off just in time!  They were a lifesaver and helped me save the day at work.
4	When I need ANYTHING printed (and can't steal it from work) this is where I go.They are always friendly and helpful and often make suggestions on my requests to ensure that I get what I need.What bothers me, is that there always seems to be someone in there complaining, because they don't know what they want or how to use basic technology.Good job FedEx Office team!!!!
4	Everything you need in the area of printing, faxing, photos, shipping,etc.Lots of self service features if you like to do things on your own or friendly staff to help you out as well.So awesome that it is open 24/7.
4	I'm always surprised by how often I need to come here. On this occasion, my mom was trying to scan some old pictures that we had onto the computer and I thought it would be easier to come here to do it. The guy who worked here was incredibly friendly and went out of his way to get us all set up and help us get all our pictures uploaded in the fastest way possible. We were in and out of here in no time and I was glad about that.
3	I go to so many FedEx office locations these days for work that I really ought to consider just buying a printer/fax/scanner of my own. This place gets it done in a pinch though.Large location, easy to find what you need. Not sure how easy it would be to get help if I needed it though- location is busy and seems a little understaffed. Have been in three times now and have never been greeted or offered help, or addressed at all, by any employees.Working machines can be found but it seems like this location has a few desktops that are down, and 2/3 fax machines are marked as out of service.
5	This is the first time I have ever given a FedEx over a two star review but they completed a rush job for me overnight and I am very grateful. They were helpful and courteous and managed to print and deliver a few hundred marketing materials for me by 9AM, which I only ordered at 9PM the night before.
5	Could not have asked for more friendly, efficient, and smiling service at 6:45am Thursday morning when I had to make a quick overnight shipment to finalize documents on the sale of a property in Phoenix.  Clean, well lit, open at 6:00am, in-and-out in less than 5 minutes...it is everything the USPS is not.
5	OMG! Shana saved our butt. Last minute print needed. I went to go pick up flyers ( during FedEx's rush hour) for work for a event that I'm doing tonight at 6pm and the order was placed for a 8pm pick up time. I freaked out. She seen that I was a little worried stopped what she was doing to finish our order. OMG grade A customer service.
1	Stay away!  Remodeling and for fed ex that means cut the staff to the bone.  Long lines no one working the counter.  Very inconvient.  Employees are fine but waaay over worked.
1	I am completely appalled by someone's customer service that works here. Her name is Michelle. She didn't help me but I observed her from the next aisle over. She was completely rude to the customer who needed assistance faxing over papers. She had the worst tone and the worst attitude. His fax didn't go through all the way and he asked her how many pages went through. She answered with a very condescending voice and pointed to the paper "there.. Can you see? 4 pages!" But she was almost screaming that I couldn't help but feel bad for the man she was helping. In the end he just wanted a refund... But she kept telling him that she couldn't give him a full refund because 4 pages went through. As she was trying to void the transaction on the register, she was having a fit and rolling her eyes. I am so disgusted by this behavior that I had to write a review!!!!
5	I have used this Fedex office many times for a pick -up of redirected packages requiring a signature. There is sometimes a difficulty, because being handicapped I need a second party to pickup online purchases. Today there was an identification problem and I had the ultimate positive experience. David after stating the correct company policy  on identification was perceptive enough to realize he didn't have a cookie cutter situation and worked through the problem to a reasonable conclusion.
