5	This was our first place that we ate in Montreal.  We just happened to luck into it.  Went in during lunch, and saw that they had a lunch special.  The deal? $12 for an entree and a soup or salad and a beverage (coffee, tea).    I got the lamb shank.  So wonderful.  Meat was very tender and lots of great flavor (greek syle).  And even the soup was one of the best soups I've ever had...a saffron potato soup...it wasn't lumpy or thick and the saffron flavor was perfect.  It was so good that we went back two days later cause we knew we were going to get a great meal for a great price.  Only disappointment was that they had a different soup; still good, but not as good as the saffron potato soup.So I'm giving this place five stars specifically for it's lunch special.  I don't really know anything else about it.  But if you're around the area for lunch, it's a must.
3	It's in Old Montreal, aka tourist central, so it's overpriced but still rather tasty. Our waitress was extremely accommodating, especially considering it was a busy Sunday night and I'd brought two kids -- one on the picky side -- to an upscale restaurant. But she was fine with his simple choices, and even made recommendations to help us out.For appetizers, my niece -- the foodie -- shared goat cheese filo dough creations topped with a sweet, nutty sauce that we both scarfed down. My pasta was fine -- nothing to write home about, just fine. Sames goes for the kids' meals, although there were certainly ample portions.I wouldn't recommend Modavie for a resident, but I think we lucked out with our tourist-zone pick.
4	Modavie is the kind of place you go to when you want to listen to live jazz, stare into the eyes of the one you love, dine on delectably well-presented food and sip on refreshing French wine.Escargot, lamb shank, bass...everything was very well made. The escargot, an easy texture lacking the chewy quality you often get with the dish, sat atop a puff pastry in a light cream sauce. The lamb shank was buttery soft, bursting with flavor and coated in a light peppery spice. The creme brulee, though admittedly hard to mess up, was not one of the better versions I've had. The crispy top was extra thick and the creamy portion below was lumpy.The wine list was excellent...great buys in various varietals, alongside some pricey-pricey bottles. Since dinner preceded a night out, we chose a light white, which went with both of our meals and was even more enjoyable as it warmed up a bit.The service at Modavie was a little slow, but very polite. Our waitress even helped us pick out a few places to go dancing after dinner and didn't seem to mind that we were one of the last couples in there. The owner (manager?) kindly thanked us as we left, which we did full, happy and satisfied with our meal and experience at this charming French restaurant.
4	Great wine selection, friendly staff. Wandered in here. No doubt, viex-Montreal is tourist central and this place is the jazz tourist bar. But the lamb is good. Really good. It isn't cheap, but it is tasty.
4	A wonderful little restaurant in Old Montreal that was definitely worth the walk from Centre-ville where our hotel is located.The menu covered a wide range of tastes that our dining party was looking for; fish, pasta, lamb, and chicken.I had the goat-cheese chicken with fresh vegetables and risotto.  Was this delicious. There were no complaints from my other dining partners about their meals either.They also had a wide selection of wines from all over the world.I finished the evening with tiramisu, which was tasty, light, and fluffy, and some coffee. The waiter even took the extra step to make us fresh coffee.Overall the evening was wonderful with live jazz filtering down from upstairs. The staff was excellent and kept our water glasses filled.This is one definite spot I would recommend in Old Montreal.
5	Our first night in Old Montreal we were tired from driving and we wanted to find a restaurant that was pretty casual and had good food.  Our hotel (Hotel Nelligan) recommended Modavie to us since it is right up the street and met our needs.  Let me tell you it met our needs and exceeded our expectations.  My wife and I both started off with a salad.  She got the "Mesclun salad with goat cheese on croutons topped with apple cider dressing" and I got the "Endive and apple salad with Roquefort and a walnut oil vinaigrette", both were amazing.  Let me say real quick that this restaurant offers something that most if not all restaurants don't offer these days and especially in a tourist area (HALF PORTIONS).  I love that fact since you don't want to over eat and when you can't talk the leftovers home it is a waste to get too much food.  Okay, back to the food.  For our dinner my wife ordered the "Halibut with an avocado and lime salsa" and I ordered the "Ravioli stuffed with goat cheese in a roasted pepper and spinach sauce".  Both were very good and I have nothing really bad to say about our experience at Modavie.The only regret I have is on me, since I didn't get wine at a wine bar.  I ended up ordering a beer but it was very good so maybe next time I will order a glass of wine.
4	Eaily accomidated our party of 11. Okay music.
4	Very very tasty. The lamb here is the bee's-knees. You'd be foolish to order a non-lamb dish, but it would still be delicious. (The orichette with artichokes, prosciutto, and mushrooms is particularly lovely. The mediterranian salad w/smoked salmon is also another great choice.) The live jazz band: stand up bassist, guitarist, and female singer (Sarah ...???) were fantastic. The catalog was well chosen, and the music was just the right volume
5	With the steak I ordered pretty darn good, their lamb was even better. Not just meat but It was the whole experience that I am recommending here. I loved how the waiter treated us: very knowledgeable, good humor but not chatty, suggesting good choices of wine for our dishes, careful but not over-caring.I loved the wine he suggested me, and it went so well with my salad blended with liquified blue cheese. I normally would not have blue cheese, but it was blended perfectly with the endives and pear and greens in the plate. The flavor filled my nose as the wine flew through my throat. The live jazz was my favorite. The vocal, guitar, and cello humbly played in the background. Never too loud or noisy. But when I put down my fork for an appreciation, I could listen to their performance clearly and calmly. We were lucky to be seated upstairs and two tables away from the stage -- good distance to see all the musicians.Modavie marked the best night of my vacation.
3	Good location and atmosphere. We had dinner on the lower level next to the jazz singer which was nice.Food quality varied - the soup was great, the shrimp appetizer and the fish entree were good, salad nicoise was very bad - they first forgot the boiled egg, but were apologetic upon being reminded and brought us a couple of eggs on the side,  and the tuna tasted like chunks of salt. Service was decent but quite slow. We were there for over 2 hours for dinner. Overall a mixed experience, and it wouldn't be at the top of our list of Montreal restaurants we'd revisit.
3	Food was not great; but the atmosphere and live jazz singer made for a really nice evening.  The service was a bit slow, but she apologized and comp'd us a glass of wine for the wait, which given how busy things were and the entertainment, did not seem that bad.Go here for the nice wine list and sit at the bar and hear some music, and then grab dinner elsewhere.  Also note, the place and vibe isn't very trendy and youthful, there were a lot of senior citizen couples and families.  Other places in the neighborhood are a better fit for a hipper, younger crowd.
5	I absolutely loved this place! Easily my favorite restaurant in my trip so far.  And since is my last dinner in Canada, the best dinner of the Unfortunetaly we came too early for the live jazz (which starts at 7:30) but they were still playing recorded jazz over there speakers, and that definitely set a great mood. First the service.  I've noticed that in Quebec there is a certain snootiness.  Maybe they are trying too hard to imitate the French, even in their negative traits, but it definitely exists. But not here.  The waiter was super friendly, very fast and really helped the night flow smoothly. As an appetizer we go the brie baked in something, then with some nuts, some sauce and some pears.  Ok, i'm not describing it well at all, but it was awesome!For the main course I got the Greek-style lamb. It came with some vegetables, including this beat puree, and freshly made potato chips.  The lamb was absolutely delicious.  I tried a different lamb dish, that also was delicious.  If you come here, get the lamb.  For dessert we tried the creme brulee.  I completely agree with Leighann F. This was not the best creme brulee I've had.  Not even in the top twenty.  The sugar was too thick and the creme was too clumpy.  I'm told that means they cooked it for too long.  The taste was fine, but the texture was just off. However, I also got the blueberry tea, which it turns out doesn't have any blueberries in it, but is made of Grand Marnier, Amaretto and hot Orange pekoe tea.  It gets its name because it smells and even tastes amazingly like blueberries.  Definitely something I'm going to ask for in the future! Overall, amazing experience.  Good for a date or a nice evening out.
5	This was a lovely experience.  It says it isn't recommended for kids but the waitstaff was super accommodating.  We have a a toddler and it was fine for us both times we dined there both at lunch and dinner.  Once with a reservation and once without.  The food was really good and in the evening we lucked out on the jazz singer upstairs.It would be a nice place to sit at the bar and just listen as well as dine.  We tried pasta, lamb and game and all dishes were prepared very well and were seasonal.The suggestions were always good and the service was always prompt and courteous despite the crazy waits of the high season.Would highly recommend.
5	I had the best lamb chops in the world at Modavie. I'm a vegetarian now, but I have to wonder if I'd be able to stay one if I were to go back to Montreal...
5	My first time in Montreal, Modavie is easily my best restaurant experience so far (5 days into the trip). The ambiance is warm and relaxed, with smooth jazz playing in the background.  Apparently every night they have two live jazz shows however my friend and I ate before the shows started.   As Denis S mentioned regarding the snootiness in some Quebec restaurants, that is completely absent in Modavie.  The maitre d' and waitress were friendly and very attentive throughout our dining experience. The French onion soup was good but nothing to write home about.  The lamb is their specialty - I opted for the rack of lamb with sesame, goat cheese, and Dijon mustard served with crispy chips and vegetables.  The lamb was cooked just right ( I go for medium) and seasoned well and the large piece of goat cheese was lightly singed for a nice partially melted taste to compliment the lamb.  When I come back to Montreal I will definitely revisit Modavie and hopefully have room for dessert the second time around.
4	Good music, good service, good wine list, but an OK food. My husband and I was told by the concierge in the hotel that Modavie is a french bistro, but when we arrived, we saw "wine bar" on their sign! Ops, we walked in without too high expectation on the food. And it turned out we were right. The menu is mixed( glad that they didn't have any Chinese fusion dish), but the wine list is pretty well rounded. Haven't seen Opus one for a long time except recent trip to Smith & Wallensky! But over all it was good restaurant and we enjoyed our night there.
2	Very mediocre food. Onion soup was some of the most bland I've ever had. The steak was equally uninspiring and the salmon even less so. The atmosphere is decent and the service was good but this overpriced touristy joint is best skipped. For $140 for two (we had one of the least expensive bottles of wine) there is absolutely no question better food can be had elsewhere.
4	I'm writing this over 2.5 years after I actually ate here. My friends and I still talk about this restaurant during our visit to Montreal.  The lamb was great, the wine was better, and the atmosphere was even better than that.  We sat at the square bar, and the conversation flowed easily between us, strangers and the staff.  We will definitely be back some day.
4	thoroughly enjoyed myself at Modavie. We dined upstairs over live jazz music. Excellent service by our very sweet waitress. Wine was good, halibut was a bit dry, but a great time here nonetheless. It was a classy start to the night..
2	I know that the old city isnt known for its food, but I have to be a nay-sayer on this one.  The food was fair to middling at best.  They had a strange menu with some french and some poorly made italian dishes.  We were seated with a nice view upstairs....but we were the only ones up there.on the bright side, the service was excellent and the calamari was well prepared.  the snapper was fine, but nothing special...something I would prepare at home without planning.   Highly mediocre.
5	Great place. Love the atmosphere, somehow dim but well lit, very warm feeling and interesting to look around the room without being chaotic. Fits the street perfectly too, St Paul is a great place to walk through small galleries and shops in the Old Port of Montreal. The music is great too. Jazz bands typically led by beautiful and talented francophone women. I definitely recommend sitting upstairs so you can enjoy the live music. The food is excellent as well. No bad choices from my experience, but I think the lamb is the best I've had. There's a full page of lamb on the menu and it's their specialty. That being said I'd have a lot of things there that aren't lamb, and I've never been disappointed.Another great thing is that they work to get you in. I showed up with my wife for New Years without a reservation and though they were jammed they made it work. They had to speed up our service a bit, but let us know before hand what to expect, and didn't push us at all during the meal. i really have nothing but great things to say, and i recommend this place to everyone I know who's going to Montreal.
4	What a journey, we walked up and down all of the little streets in old Montreal looking for a restaurant with pasta, a pasta without duck, rabbit, or some other wild pheasant. We walked for over 2 hours. I almost gave up hope until I read Modavie's menu which had lots of vegetarian pasta options. Our server was very attentive and helpful and our food was delicious. I loved the decor, I loved that the windows were open so I could people watch while I ate, and I loved the music.Would eat here again!
4	Some reviews have said this place is nothing more than tourist trap. Well, this section of town does draw tourists, so expect a lot of tourists here. Is it a cookie-cutter place that serves overcooked food to throngs of tour bus crowds that are disembarked at its front door? No. This is a quality establishment serving great food.I'm not easily impressed with food and am a bit of a "foodie" if you want to label. I'm even more difficult to impress when it comes to service. Modavie impressed me all-around.We were seated at a window, which was nice, but the whole atmosphere in the place was charming and fit the ambience of the surroundings of Old Montreal. Our server was right over to take drink orders but was sure to not rush us, which was greatly appreciated as we could see them turning people away at the door who did not have reservations.My meal came from the Table d'Hote section of the menu, so it included a salad, soup, and an entree. The mushroom soup I enjoyed was absolutely one of the best I've had. Perfectly seasoned with a nice woodsy-earthy taste - perhaps some chantrelle mushrooms in there. Loved it. My entree was the filet mignon with a king crab leg. I've not had any kind of land meat for nearly four years, but for some reason I was drawn to it on this menu. It was amazing, albeit a little more done than the "medium" temperature I had requested. It was a very flavorful cut of beef served atop a spot of risotto alongside a sweet potato puree. Our server was patient with our somewhat rusty French and was jovial, polite, and professional throughout the evening. He clearly knew about the dishes on the menu and could effectively answer all of our questions. If you're looking for an out-of-the-way restaurant, this is not it, so don't expect a place that isn't full of tourists. You're in the wrong neighborhood for that. Duh! But this isn't The Keg or some other chain restaurant that you can visit back home. That's down the street. Enjoy the atmosphere at this gem and I think you'll enjoy the meal as well.
4	This was a tasty restaurant, with  friendly service, nice atmosphere (live jazz every night) and a great location! A good spot to try if looking for a nice , but not Ayer elegant dinner in downtown Montreal.
3	I was sold on this restaurant because of the proximity to the hotel, live music, and favorable reviews for their lamb here on yelp.  My wife and I showed up 30 min early for our reservation on a Fri night but they still sat us down right away.  I thought this was a sign that we were in for a smooth sailing dining experience.We started off with some red wine and fried calamari.  The calamari came out pretty quickly and we enjoyed it.  Unfortunately, the lamb entrees we ordered took over an hour to arrive.  We felt like diners at Hell's Kitchen during the first week of service.  Our server was very apologetic and said it was an error in the kitchen.  She offered some more wine to make up for it.  It was a nice gesture but we declined as we just wanted our food.  In observing the other tables it looked like some other diners were waiting a while for their food too.  The wait staff seemed to be overwhelmed that night.When my rack of lamb with goat cheese finally arrived I devoured it.  It was good but I that wait was torture.  After we finished our lamb our server offered dessert on the house but again we declined.  We were too tired and couldn't wait another thirty minutes for dessert...
5	It took quite a bit of work to find a restaurant that could satisfy all three of us traveling to Montreal for a weekend night stay.  If you are really into foie gras, then Montreal restaurants are waiting for you... However, we weren't looking for foie gras, but a menu with a wide selection of pastas, meats, and seafood from a restaurant with good reviews.  Modavie, it turns out, was all that and more. We were able to make a reservation for 8:30 p.m. even though we didn't call until 2:30 that afternoon.  Even without the reservation, I think the wait would have been minimal.  Tables were turned over fast, but at no point did we ever feel rushed.Upon arrival, we were sat at an amazing table in the corner of the second floor, overlooking Rue St.-Paul and all of Old Montreal.  We had jazz on one side of us, the beauty of Vieux Port on the other, and a lively but not overly loud atmosphere all around.  Our waiter was personable and friendly, with a thick French-Canadian accent.  He was helpful and attentive throughout the service, even going so far as to tell me NOT to get the Osso Bucco because he thinks it is too tough and can't recommend it.   I ended up getting lamb, a house specialty, but more on that later. We began with cocktails paired appetizers of French Onion Soup Gratinee and fried calamari.  Both were very solid starts to the meal, with the soup being very beefy tasting with satisfying layers of cheese and toasted bread.  The calamari were fried to a dark golden brown, but stayed tender and were served with a spicy marinara and coconut milk-lime sauce.  Though both were good, they ended up being "only" average compared to the rest of the meal. Among the three of us, we were able to try three different proteins prepared in three very different ways.  Tagliatelle with chicken and pancetta in a truffle oil sauce was as savory, rich and umami-filled as it sounds.   The "AAA+ Angus hangar steak with a cabernet sauvignon wine butter sauce" was nearly as equally decadent, with the wine and butter sharing equal billing on the sauce complimenting a perfectly grilled and sliced hanger steak.  The highlight for me was my own meal, as I went with the specialty of the house, lamb.  After sorting through the five selections, I went with the rack of lamb with goat cheese, Dijon mustard and sesame seeds.  The waiter informed me that it was the best one on the menu, and he wasn't kidding - it was the best lamb I've ever had anywhere.   The meat was perfectly cooked and the flavors blended wonderfully.  The small round of toasted goat cheese served over fresh vegetables paired with it perfectly. We partnered the meal with a Mission Hill 2007 Cab-Merlot blend  which was pleasantly spicy.  The fantastic meal ended on a high note, as we were able to watch the fireworks competition display right from our table as we enjoyed apertifs and three lovely desserts: creme brulee, tiramisu, and chocolate fondant (warm chocolate cake).  From the service to the location, to the food, this is a meal that we will be talking about for a long time, recalling very fond memories.
3	Came here as it was one of the few places that could accommodate a group of 10 with a kitchen closing time late enough that we could all make it in time for food.The live music is probably a draw but unfortunately we all came right at the end of them wrapping up. The decor and atmosphere is certainly inviting and I can see how this place can be a tourist trap, ourselves included.The steak I had was tasty and so was the salmon dish I tasted, but beyond that the general consensus at our table was that the food wasn't anything exceptional.Service was a tad slow at times, but it was friendly and patient especially when we all tried to figure out how much to throw down for the tab.
4	In the heart of the old city, Modavie provides the perfect setting for a wonderful dinner with some live jazz for your listening pleasure.  Located on Rue St Paul the main thoroughfare of the old city, Modavie has two levels of dining.  The ground floor is complete with a small bar, plenty of tables and a somewhat open kitchen.  The upstairs has a small stage and a larger dining room the spands the length of the restaurant. It was at the request of my associate (whom has been a previous patron) that we sit upstairs as the live jazz singer was a little loud while sitting downstairs.  But, the stage is upstairs... he assured me he knew what he was doing.  As we sat in the power table in the corner with two beautiful windows overlooking Rue St Paul, we talked about the day's meetings and discussed the future.I started off my meal with a goat cheese and arugula salad with a citrus vinigrette.  While the goat cheese was not in the salad per se, (came melted atop small pieces of baguette) their flavor carried into each bite.  The vinigrette cut right through the tanginess of the goat cheese with tastes of pepper from the arugula.    Upon next fillet Mignon.  Cooked to a perfect rare, this steak was succulent. With a small portion of risotto and sauted veggies to go along with it, I was a happy camper.  The name of the wine we had escapes me but I remember it went well with the steak.  Modavie being a wine/ jazz bar there will be no shortage of choices when looking for that perfect bottle.
4	With a party of about 10...so dinner took about 2-3 hours...I got sleepy. Room is dim and kind of romantic.Had the mac ans cheese...for $20..it was different from the American mac and cheese. Made with Gruyere cheese, I think. Was good but I would have been happy with something else, too.
4	Stopped in the afternoon of Boxing Day while visiting from the USA. Enjoyed a few glasses of wine while chatting with a friendly and helpful staff and manager. Didn't eat, other than a great bowl of squash and spinach soup, and some warm, crusty bread. A very enjoyable and relaxing refuge from the cold Canadian afternoon. Wine drinkers and fans of French bistros should check it out.
2	Popped in for the Old Port Dinner Specials during the month of January while I was visiting my hometown for 2 weeks. We arrived 30 minutes early before our reservation at 1830 - most tables had reserved signs but since we got in before the big rush we had first choice (and sat right next to where the jazz duo would later perform). They were the highlight of the night.As a young couple in our mid-20's we received the service we normally get - sub-par. We needed afew extra minutes to order as my girlfriend went to the washroom soon after arriving. Afew extra minutes turned into about 10 minutes. When he did pop by, he seemed annoyed to answer questions about the menu. Not the first time I've experienced a waiter give lousy service because he believes that because we're young people that we're going to not tip appropriately for good service. Carrying on...We ordered the three courses right away: 2x Mesclun salad with goat cheese on croutons topped with apple cider dressing, 1x Tiger shrimp with a cajun style sauce, 1x Rack of lamb with goat cheese, Dijon mustard and sesame and 2x Tiramisu. 1/2 litre of the Cab-Merlot and a glass of the house wine.The salad was tasty, she felt the tiger shrimp had too much sauce and the rack of lamb was tasty though difficult to eat (shank may have been the better bet). The waiter dropped off the Tiramisu's and then promptly disappeared. No coffee or espresso offered. He returned when we both finished and asked how it was: I told him flat out that I would have enjoyed a coffee with the dessert but he neglected to ask. He had offered then but I refused as the moment had passed.It was after that when we waited far too long to pay for the meal. I've learned through the years that paying more doesn't necessarily yield a better meal. This is definitely the case with Modavie as a young couple. The live music was brilliant, food was mediocre (as compared to Lola Rosa where we can eat for a fraction of the price) and the service was disrespectful.We filled out a commentary card which the waiter glanced at when we left the table though I doubt this will break the view waiters have of Gen-Y. Chicken or the egg? Young people don't tip or young people get bad service so they don't tip?Young couples/foodies beware!
3	Honestly, i was slightly dissapointed. There was no live band when i was there! That's 75% of the reason i wanted dinner here. I didn't go for Valentine's day, but was just so surprised that there wasn't live music. Other than that i loved it. I got the lamb shank with almond crust, and the apple pie for dessert. It was a whole baked apple with filo dough. So good. Maybe next some live music?
4	Woah, this place was great. We stopped in for a beer... didn't eat. We were quite entertained by our bartender as well as a local liquor salesman who came in. We absolutely loved Kathryn! Unlike many of the French Canadians we encountered, she was extremely friendly and helpful. She tells us there is jazz every night and that many famous people have visited. We can tell why. It felt very comfortable and easy at this quaint wine bar with tin ceilings, lots of charm and a long list of vino. Go!!!
4	So my girlfriend and I went to Modavie, a place we've heard such great things about, for our second anniversary dinner.  We really enjoyed the ambiance and the jazz music that was playing.  The tables were a little crowded (we were sitting maybe a few inches from the next table) but we weren't too uncomfortable.  Our server was attentive and spoke with both me and my girlfriend in English and French respectively.We started our meal with two glasses of Sancerre and a nice portion of calamari with two delicious sauces.  Tres bonne!  Next, we each had a nice pasta.  Her the ravioli with goat cheese, and I had some sort of spicy sausage pasta.  Both were incredible!  We shared a nice molten chocolate with vanilla ice cream dessert.  From the moment we sat down until we left, we had a nice experience.  I only rated it a 4 instead of 5 because we didn't say to each other "Wow, we NEED to come back!" but in truth we had a great time, delicious meal, and we probably will be back sometime.   :)
4	Went here on Friday night - first night in Montreal...the food was great - the house wine was nice.  I ordered the lamb shank which was nice - but the most amazing thing was the creme brule - served in one of those flat ramekins - so there was tons of that fantastic, tasty, crispy coating, the right amount of custard (and all for $5) - don't miss out!  The live jazz band was nice too, I'd go back again for a glass of wine and the creme brule!
4	My daughters took me out for dinner to celebrate my birthday.  My choice of Modavie over some other fine dining spots in Old Montreal was because of the live Jazz.  After spending an afternoon meandering around the old port, we had a cool drink atop one of the smaller boutique hotels and then took in an Imax film.  Dinner reservation was 7:pm.  We were seated at a cozy table upstairs not far from the live entertainment.  A friend of mine joined us shortly after we had ordered a delicious white wine and our shared appetizer....can't remember what it was but it was puff pastry and very good.  Our waiter was attentive, polite and had a good sense of humour.  He recommended the halibut so I ordered it and it was excellent.  One daughter had a chicken dish and one had the filet mignon; both enjoyed their meals.  The live jazz was wonderful background for a most enjoyable evening.
3	Our hotel in Montreal suggested we try Modavie, so at first we were resistant, thinking it might be a touristy place.  In the Old Port, Modavie is a breath of fresh air amidst much more touristy menus (although the weird digital menu boxes outside restaurants leave this US native feeling like she's contemplating a night at Chili's -- get rid of those, Montreal!).The live jazz music inside drew us in, and we were immediately given a lovely table for two in the window where we could watch others' faces glow as they stared at the digital menu box.Having had a late lunch, we shared a salmon carpaccio appetizer and endive salad with apples and roquefort.  The salmon was extremely fresh and the garnishes were fresh and arranged with great technical precision.  A squeeze of lemon brought out the freshness of everything on the plate.  The endive salad was also rife with bitterness from fresh endives, with a not-too-heavy dressing, and balanced by the blue cheese.A solid way to start an evening in Montreal with small plates and seasonal offerings.
2	Modavie is a great place to get a drink and soak up some really exceptional live jazz...but skip dinner. My fish was (and I hate to slam any restaurant based on one meal) but it was simply terrible. My girlfriends steak was similarly bland, chewy, string and not cooked properly. Such a disappointment.  Having said that the place is really gorgeous, great decor, great atmosphere, great bar. You've a great spot, but really, up those standards at the pass folks.
5	ATMOSPHERE: I couldn't imagine it being any better.  Located in Vieux Montreal (old Montreal) just off the river, this establishment was featuring live jazz when we visited, and smooth jazz over the stereo when the band took breaks.  The area feels very much European, much like a lot of Montreal, naturally.SERVICE: our server was a nice young man from Vancouver that gave us all sorts of suggestions for things to do.  He, and everyone else, was awesome.FOOD: I had a nice filet mignon (been eating lots of steak, lately) that was very good, but I want to highlight that the lamb chops that Tarra T had were perhaps the BEST I've had in life...period.  Didn't taste too gamey, very tender.  They were ri-donk-ulous.Check it out if ever in Montreal.
4	As a person who is not really familiar with French Cuisine, I was pretty happy with my steak dinner and side dishes (cannot recall their French names).  My fiance ordered the rack of lamb, which also came with side dishes.  She was also very pleased with the taste and quailty of her dish as well.As for atmosphere, the place was really great.  They had a live Jazz band playing upstairs as we enjoyed our meal.  Where the waiter is concerned, he was very personable and helpful, but he was not all that attentive.  I kept having to ask for water refills.All in all, my fiance and I would return back here because the food was good, and the atmosphere was great.
3	Maybe it is because I had higher expectations for Modavie based on other yelp reviews, but this place is a solid 3 star and I was a little disappointed as my expectations weren't met.  Good but not great.  Reviews says it isn't really a touristy place even though it is right on the edge of the highest concentration of touristy shops in old town.  On the plus side, the waiter was great.  Made a good suggestion for a bottle of wine based on what I told him I like and didn't try to go crazy on the price.  Points there.  He was attentive without being obtrusive and just seemed like a nice guy not only to us but the tables around us.  The arugala salad was great as well as the brie.  The problem was my lamb shank.  And it really isn't a problem, but on the menu they say lamb is their specialty.  And the lamb shank was pretty boring.  No real flavor or soul.  And I think it really hadn't been braised long enough. It was kind of like meat pellets in fat.  Now I've had braised lamb shank many other places where it is tender and lovely and flavorful.  This was not, this seemed like a poor rendition of the most basic version of a braise.  Maybe I should have had the chops or the rack of lamb, but done right I think the shank is better than those cuts.  So maybe just a bad night.  But for something that is supposed to the "speciality"  they got to lose a star for that.  If you are going to claim to be in the big leagues you better put it out there and do it consistently.  The jazz band that was playing was good, not too load, but boy was it hot upstairs, some fans or open a window would have helped a lot.  Should have sat downstairs and watch people walk buy.
3	This place is great for live jazz, some good eats, and decent selection of wines. In terms of highlights, I do love their calamari, as well as their goat cheese salad.  On different occasions, the bands or singers have been awesome! The interior is gorgeous, and the staff has been wonderful. The cuisine, I wouldn't consider really french, it's kind of like a contemporary fusion of Mediterranean and a selection of pastas.  They offer lamb, bison, and seafood for a range of types of dishes. Their choices for vegetarians could stand to be improved upon but in general the food is okay.During the summertime it is busy and bustling, and during peak dinner rushes can be pretty loud. As for the tourist factor, it seems like a fair amount of tourists do dine there, but if you like Jazz like I do, locals do dine here too.
2	Not great, wouldn't go again as the food was mediocre at best.
5	Menu selection limited, however all was delicious. Ambiance suitable for date nights in beautiful Old Montreal!
4	Great food in old Montreal.  I had the filet mignon carpaccio and the lamb chops. All very good. Lively place,  I would certainly go back.
2	Looking for a local spot in Vieux Montreal, and the live jazz was just the ticket; or so we thought. The red wine that we splurged on was brought over from the fridge (seemed a bit odd) to the point of us having to ask for it to be decanted. I ended up holding it in my lap to warm it up a bit more. We'd decided on an onion soup and salad to start. Basic, to the point.  Lamb was their specialty, so we thought the chops looked good. They did, but they weren't particularly flavourful, nor warm. I wanted to really enjoy the meal, the ambiance, but it was a miss.
4	Quality live jazz and their lamb is amazing. Pair it with something from their good wine selection, and you have a memorable night in the making. It can be a bit touristy but not overwhelmingly so; it's more a function of being in the Old Port area. The ambiance is perfect for a romantic night out. The one downside is, the service can be a bit slow on occasion. I've been a few times and had this issue only once.
5	whenever we are in montreal, we make sure to visit modavie...the food is spectacular, the service can only be described as "professional" , these people take their skills seriously. the atmosphere is exactly what you'd expect in a french bistro. the live music only adds to the experience.
2	My first Yelp review:The two-star "Meh. I've experienced better." describes this place perfectly.The place certainly has a nice decor. We were placed at a cozy, yet slightly cramped corner, facing a nice Ray Charles poster. We were sitting slightly behind the jazz music but could still appreciate it. Not at all a jazz connoisseur, I still enjoyed the music, especially the singer's voice.At first, the waitress approached our table every ~2 minutes asking if we were ready to order. And no, we were not. After a long day of drinking and being tourists, we appreciate a moment of peace. We were by no means taking a while, but she felt that were slow at everything. At least that's what it seemed like because she then began to take much too long between appearances.I ordered the filet mignon appetizer. If I'm correct, it was literally greens, olive oil, a little shaved parmesan, and thinly sliced filet mignon. My only way to describe this was average. Slightly bland but a little fatty. Parmesan and greens stole the dish, not the filet mignon, which was disappointing.I got the braised lamb millefeuille and a glass of the cab-sauv as my main dish. It tasted like a dish from Applebee's or some other American chain, in my opinion. The lamb was moist but just not very good, to be frank. The vegetables were mediocre too. The millefeuille was the best part, as it was slightly soaked in the lamb's juices, making it melt in your mouth.Slow service, mediocre dishes, slightly balanced by a nice decor and enjoyable live music make this restaurant miss-able on your trip to Motreal.
5	One of the best culinary experiences in Montreal! The food was great and the live jazz made it special. The hostess during our visit was exceptionally nice and seated us on the second floor where the music experience was doubly great! I definitely recommend the place.
4	Ok, I looked at these reviews after I went there for dinner ... And my first thought about the negative reviews was that someone has an axe to grind. Ex-employees perhaps or competitors? Lovely food, nice service, convenient location, and great ambience.  I'd definitely go back to eat there.
4	Good food, efficient service, jazz is a nice extra.
4	Came here for their "Taste Montreal" table d'hote. The maitre d' was very friendly and accommodating because I had to change my reservation from 3 people to 2 people, and in the middle, the third person showed up so we had to change tables. All this was done without any hassle and the waiters/maitre d' were very friendly about it. Downstairs is very quiet and the upper floor was more lively, with quality live jazz. I personally had the brie puff pastry (which was good, but perhaps a bit too sweet as an appetizer) and the Mediterranean seabass (which was good, but not great). Others ordered the mesclun goat cheese salad (which was really amazing!) and the braised lamb millefeuille (which was ok, but the portion was quite generous!). For desert, we all had a tiramisu, and it was excellent. They also have an extensive wine list.All in all, Modavie is a great place for great service and ambiance/decor. But as for the food, I've certainly had better.
3	Word to restaurant. When your client arrives on time for their reservation don't tell them you need the table for another client later.. We eventually were moved however it spoiled the start of our evening. The food was good. Thanks to our waitress who tried really hard to make our dining experience a good one. The music was good as well. We probably will not go back.
4	Scrumptious pasta, great beer, festive atmosphere in Old Montreal.
4	Very good place during the stay and e food was great ... However the music was down and we eat upstairs ... Brie with cheers was excellent and the Bordeaux also .... Very good time there
4	This spot is one of the best restaurants to eat at in Montreal.  It is best to get a reservation before going, but on a slow night they will help you out.  The live jazz was great.  Make sure you meet Lorenzo.
5	Modavie Wine Bar and restaurant is the best. The Maitre,  Lorenzo greeted us and made sure our afternoon wine stop was a success on the 13th of May.  The Vietnamese bartender was extremely knowledgeable about the wines and suggested a great cheese plate to go with our Chardonnays.  Without a doubt, when in Montreal again we will come for dinner and jazz,Beverly BarthSan Diego
5	My husband and I just arrived in Montreal after traveling all day and happened up Modavie.  We got there very early in the evening, around 5:30 and were able to get the best seat in the house next to a window looking down one of the quaint Old Montreal streets.  Our service was excellent.  The food was delicious.  We ordered Calamari for an appetizer that was one of the best we have ever eaten..  I had the trout almandine and my usband had the short ribs.  They both were outstanding.  The atmosphere was so relaxing and background music very nice.  I think we may just have to go back and listen to some jazz, since we got there too early for that the first time.  A definite must in old Montreal!!
5	We were here last week.  Our last day in Montreal and we stopped in for some lunch. The food was good and the service was excellent. When we were leaving it started to downpour which forced us to take up a seat at the bar and have another glass of wine.  The bartender was very nice and helped us with directions. It's a bit off the beaten down tourist trap path which makes it extra nice.  We saved the best stop for last in Montreal.
4	Good service with spot on recommendations. Filet was cooked perfectly, my husband enjoyed the short ribs.  Really liked the live jazz.  I would return.
4	Great place with live music. Not a band but a single man with an acoustic guitar playing classic rock and pop songs.Great atmosphere for a casual evening. Had the mussels steamed in Pernod. OUTSTANDING! Very nice Long Island Iced Tea. They were, however, mystified when I ordered bourbon. Outstanding creme brulee to top it off.
4	Excellent Italian offerings, and original seafood ideas, including scallops to die for, fantastic white wine accompaniments, generous and gracious service. A real find, especially upstairs if the band is too loud for you.
5	Do you know what $17 spaghetti bolognaise tastes like? You can find out at Modavie. Definitely a little expensive for spaghetti, but it was the best spaghetti I've ever had. The French Onion soup was pretty darn good too! We were just walking around Montreal (We're from the US so we didn't have smart phones without date charges! NO YELP!) and we just stopped by here to have dinner and drinks. The service was excellent and the wine was too!
2	I guess we should have gone for the music and ordered the lamb! Lunch on a Sunday was underwhelming. French onion soup was nothing to brag about. The frisee with lardons was not bad but nothing special. My husband's filet, however, was a wretched piece of meat. We suspect that it was (over)cooked and then forgotten. It was just a bummer of a lunch--and really expensive, too.
5	We had found this restaurant online prior to our trip to Montreal and wanted to visit.  So, we stopped by in the afternoon to make a reservation.  We were given a very nice table by a window (great for people watching in the Old City) and within eye- and ear-shot of the music.  Both my husband and I had trout almondine.  Before we ordered we were advised by the server that it wasn't white trout, but a salmon trout - which we really enjoyed.  Veggies were very nice as was the wine.  Normally we don't linger over coffee and dessert but the ambiance and music were so nice that we ordered coffee/cappucino and a yummy chocolate dessert.  Service was also excellent. Both the maitre d' and server were friendly, cordial, and bilingual.  I would recommend and return on a future trip.
5	This place is really very good! I has steak, she had the house specialty, lamb - both were done to perfection. For desert we had Creme Brule,  again it was exceptional. Lorenzo was over the top with his hospitality and Yen is very knowledgable with the menu and her recommendations.We will be back and highly recommend to anyone looking for a great experience in dining!!!
4	Modavie accepts OpenTable Reservations. Modavie's located on a quiet street, not too far from Notre Dame. Eventhough Modavie has 2 Floors the space is tight but clean & modern.  I started with the Octopus Salad w/White Beans & Lamb Chops w/Oregano. Both dishes tasted great & were given 2 free glasses of port wine on the House at the end of our Dinner. Modavie is very casual & friendly. No need to look like a Million Bucks, just be yourself as it has a tasteful & loyal young clientele.
5	First stop on Montreal visit.  This was a really fantastic place.  We booked through opentable, no problems, got seated after a 10 min wait, since they were really packed.  The tables are a bit on the cramped side, but the entire place is very charmingly decorated and felt comfy and friendly.  We had a very friendly waiter, who pegged us as the leisurely tourist, so let us be, but still well cared for and not letting us feel neglected at all.We were seated right up at the stage, which is not our first choice, but unavoidable because it was full.  Not a big problem, just a personal preference, and the trio that played that night was quite good and not too loud at all. The food was just delicious.  I had the BEST lamb chops, perfectly done and so tender.   Well seasoned, with potatoes and grilled-just-right veggies.  Hubby had the fish, which was excellent as well.  Well paired with an excellent bottle of red recommended by the waiter who didn't try to upsell us.  Topped off by a very yummy piece of tiramisu.We had an excellent romantic night out, well chosen.  Great start to the rest of the trip.
5	I suggest that you do not ignore their recommendation when they recommend the lamb dishes to you!! Good atmosphere and good salads. Can't expect much more from a place in a touristy location.
4	This restaurant has one of the best Caesar Salads i have had in a very long time! Frisee salad was also delish. My girl's pizza was very good. The service was great - our waiter was wonderful. The prices were right.Overall a very nice dining experience.
5	Had a phenomenal time at Modavie! Sat upstairs in a little corner by the window and listened to some amazing live jazz. The food, specifically the lamb rack and the duck, was wonderful. And the wine selection is excellent.
5	Went for Christmas dinner. Waitress was friendly (which was a change from most people in Montreal) and the food was good. Lamb was delicious.
1	Poor, at times rude, service combined with un-imaginative plates made this a disappointing dining experience. We will never return. Modavie left an impression of a one trick pony, able to technically cook a proper meal yet lacking any creativity to make it a culinary destination worthy of returning patronage. A real disappointment considering the quality of restaurants like Garde Manger just around the corner.Our Experience::We made New Years Eve reservations after reading the positive reviews online of the restaurant. When we mentioned we had reservations upon arrival, the front of house manager looked at us and gruffly asked, "You know it's a $95/plate meal tonight right?" Both dressed well, (me in a dress and designer boots and my partner in a suit,) I'm not sure if he asked this because we looked younger (we're in our mid twenties) or because we are a same sex couple. Our waitress was polite and seemed like a nice person but showed little to no knowledge of the menu. When we asked what she would recommend off the prix-fixe menu she said, "Umm one of the first two?" She also questioned me when I ordered a cocktail off the menu because she admired she didn't know the restaurant made the drink.Being more cocktail drinkers than wine drinkers, we were disappointed with the lack of quality and selection of cocktails. The bar couldn't even make a standard "old fashioned" because they lacked the ingredients.Being New Years the chef was serving a prix-fixe menu.The starter was a large prawn with a salad finished with caviar. The prawn was tasty and well prepared, however the salad consisted of leaves and globs of dressing that wasn't even tossed to coat the leaves and some caviar tossed carelessly on top. The flavor of the salad was lackluster and showed a real apathy on part of the kitchen in my opinion.During our starter the front of house manager came to greet all the tables except for ours, yet another indication of rudeness. Our mains were technically well prepared in that the sear on the beef was a perfect medium rare and the fish was juicy and flaky. The accompanying vegetables were also soundly technically prepared however lacked any imagination. The most interesting part of the dish was a beet root mash. Otherwise, the filet mignon had a rather boring flavorless sauce, and was presented with salted roasted potatoes and steamed bok choy with two asparagus springs. My partners fish had much of the same except for rice rather than potatoes.Each dish tasted good but would never stand out as interesting, creative and exceptionally prepared. Instead I had the impression that this is a restaurant that seems to have fallen asleep and is riding off the ability to cook consistently to clientelle that isn't looking to be wowed and intrigued by their meals.Our desert was possibly the best part of our meal. The chocolate mousse was beautifully flavored, not too sweet with a deep chocolate flavor that was never bitter. The only complaint was that the accompanying orange sorbet did little to elevate and add to the dish. Considering the bill came to over $300 we left feeling our money could have been better spent at another restaurant more engaged in providing a stand out experience. Conclusion:: this is a good place to take a boring aunt interested in stuck up service and run of the mill dishes but for a true dining experience that will leave you impressed skip Modavie and head to Garde Manger down the street.
4	Disclaimer:  this review is written by a tourist from San Francisco.  In the winter.  Just so you know.Great spot.  Went here for the jazz, came back for the food.Modavie is listed as one of the best jazz locations in Montreal.  We went more for the music than food.  The music was good, and they have live music every night.  You probably want to make reservations, as it can be busy, and specify for the second floor (where they have a stage) for the weekends.  Weeknights, the musicians are on the first floor.  We went both on a weeknight and a weekend.  The weeknight musicians were very good.  Original, creative, quality music.  The weekend performance was also good but, oddly, wasn't as much to my taste.The food was very good.  I'd come back solely for the food.  A small, but good, selection of vegetarian options (can be important) and a great variety otherwise.  Prices were pretty reasonable (a little high, but not that expensive) especially considering the portion size, which was on the large side.Finally, the staff was great.  Friendly, attentive, and personable.A great place to go for a romantic dinner or a couple drinks and dessert.  Much better than I was expecting given the touristy nature of Vieux Montreal.
3	Tourist spot. The best dish of the night was the guinea fowl, crisp skin, juicy meat that tasted like turkey with a citrus flavor.  The sliced lamb was OK, and I should ordered the rack of lamb instead.  The service was fast and good.  Wish we were seated upstairs instead. The seating was tight on the first floor. Overall, our meal was good, but I wouldn't recommend or return.
2	Came here to celebrate New Year's Eve, a birthday, and anniversary. I made reservations online and they greeted us happy birthday when we arrived. Asked for window seat which they happily moved us to. Food was average, waitress wasn't as friendly as I would hoped as I asked for recommendations and she didnt suggest what I read they were known for (lamb and wine). Came for the live jazz music but was disappointed as I overheard they would arrive later in the evening (we came at 7pm) and no music provided until the end of our meal when they played it through the speaker system. The decor is really intimate but the food was average for the price. We had the seafood tagliatelle and steak and frites. Maybe I had high expectations since this was a three-in-one celebration dinner, but I don't think our first experience here deserved any higher than 2/5.
4	Had a wonderful dinner on a cold January evening. Made reservations 3 days before to ensure we would have a table on a Saturday night!  One word of caution, parking in Old Montreal is not always easy.  We had to park a little walk away!  As we entered the restaurant we noticed it had a nice cosy dark feel to it with an open kitchen and a bar tucked just under the staircase to the second floor.  We had a smaller sized table against the wall(2nd floor) but had a good view of the small stage where music would soon commence.  I started with a glass of the Carnivor Cab Sav ($9 a glass) and my wife had the Cosmo pastis $9.  nice light Cab Sav.  We both ordered soup, mine the french onion ($8) and she had the soup of the day cream of broccoli!($5).  Onion soup au gratin was okay 3/5 missing some onion filling but definitely had a nice taste to it just it could have been better.  My wife's however was much better (she gave me a taste).  For main's I had the steak frites ($23) and she had the Salmon tournedos with lentils ($21).  The SF was fantastic.  The cut was a hanger steak (bavette de boeuf) a bit chewy but had a very nice shallot sauce and was just as I had in mind.  Ordered it rare!  My wife was very happy with the Salmon tornedo.  She said freshness and flavour was great!  The portion size was perfect for her.  Not too large not too small!  I was watching the servers bring food to different tables and it looked like 60% of the people ordering were selecting the rack of lamb with oregano or the one with goat cheese.   As we were eating a nice blues band started to play and the place started to fill up quickly shortly between 7 - 7:15 PM.  The band was quite good and added to a nice ambiance that fit the mood of the place.  The only negative I would mention is I believe there to be too many tables upstairs.  I told my wife "I would not want to be upstairs if there was a fire as you felt that there would be a mad stampede"!  Heading to the washroom you had to skinny through tables to the restrooms.    For dessert I had the Kahlua tiramisu and she had the Apple tart with Ice Cream.  My tiramisu was really good.  Nice and light and as a Tiramisu should taste.  My wife was disappointed with her apple tart.  It was basically a cored apple in a shell with cinnamon and a scoop of ice cream!  All in all this is a fabulous restaurant and we really enjoyed the experience and would definitely come back even though there were a few missteps!  Thanks Risa and Katherine!  Happening Gourmand GC greatly appreciated!  Rock on!
3	Based on the food it's a 2 star restaurant. Based on the service it's 4 stars. I ordered the guinea fowl. It was extremely dry. The potatoes were undercooked. My wife ordered the fresh fish(red snapper) and the escargot. Nothing to rave home about. Lorenzo was extremely apologetic and offered me another dish.
4	Located in Old Montreal, Modavie claims to be Montreal's hottest Jazz bar and bistro. Lorenzo, The owner is super friendly and makes sure everyone is having a good time. The have Live Jazz  / R&B music on their 2nd floor seven days a week.  You need to make reservations in advance if you wanna be in the jazz section. If you like strong stuff to start with, The Smokin Martini is for you. We tried their Fried Calamari. The best I had in town so far.  Also their Striplion with pepper sauce is a hit. For dessert I had the Kahlua Tiramisu. Was perfect. Not too sweet. Definitely worth a visit.    Food -  Good Service - Friendly  Ambiance -  IntimateWorth the money - Yes
3	Pretty good, but not good enough for the prices - hence the 3 stars.Still, all around a great meal. About a 10 minute stroll from Chinatown and just 1 block from the water.The French onion soup gratin is a must.Fish there is done very well (ask for it to be medium rare) as is the game fowl dishes.Service is matter of fact, but caring all in one. We love our evening and would recommend you check it out if you're looking for French flair food.
5	Excellent experience at Modavie! Reserved on OpenTable and had a great table waiting for me and my family right by the music, which was so awesome, and not too loud or overpowering. Food was excellent, and we had a person in our party with Celiac who was able to choose from several choices, and our waiter went back to the kitchen to check all the meal choices with the chef to ensure no cross contamination. Was a great find, and great evening. Even ordered dessert so that we could stay longer! Highly recommend!
4	My husband and I were in search for a restaurant that offers a great atmosphere - a nice treat for the both of us away from the kids.  Walking down Rue St-Paul, we heard jazz music being performed and was also attracted to the menu.  We were greeted by the very charming, Lorenzo and were seated right away.  My husband ordered the sea bass and I ordered the trout - both cooked to perfection.  I highly recommend this restaurant. What a lovely way to end our holiday in Montreal.
5	We did not have a reservation so we were seated at the bar. The lamb chops were to die for. My wife had pesto penne which she also enjoyed.The live jazz was a wonderful surprise and we stayed for over three hours just enjoying the food and music. Would return in a heartbeat.
4	The pri-fixe menu is pretty good. for 29 dollars, you get an app (i got foi-gras, i think you can also get soup), a main ( theres lamb, fish and pasta to pick from), also a dessert (we got tiramisu). it's good for sharing, food is plenty. i also tried the duck confit - still amazing. The food here is not as good as France, but i enjoyed the environment and atmosphere a lot - the live blue's band was pretty awesome.I got a french mojito - tastes watered down. don't do it, get something else. Service is a bit weird.. we asked for a second basket of bread - it was like the most complicated task in the world. first we got like nothing for half an hour, then a few baskets came out all to our table - wat? our next table over had a large group of like 10 people. between the music and that group, it was hard to even have a conversation... a bit annoyed about that.
5	This was my first time in Montreal and I'm glad someone suggested this gem of a restaurant.  I'm not a big lamb person, but the lamb chops here were delicious!  I had to protect them from my coworker after he took a bite!  My coworkers and I went a second time and ordered the lamb burger, braised lamb, and steak... all were spectacular.  The great live jazz didn't hurt either.  This place is a keeper!
5	Outstanding service, outstanding food, great ambiance. Go for the lamb, it's their speciality and go the extra mile for the tiramisu, it's made at the restaurant and tastes fresh! Lorenzo is charming and courteous! He makes the whole experience that much better
4	Great Restaurant, Great food, decent pricesThis was a great find in the Old Port. We were here for lunch, and was quite happy with our dishes. We got the lamb sandwich- which was absolutely delicious. Not too gamey in taste, but quite juicy and flavourful. We also had the fish which was light, tender and delicious. The service was excellent, food was great, and prices were reasonable. I would definitely return if I was in the area again.
3	Rack of lamb was great. Octopus salad was ok. Risotto was bad. I ate all the shrimp and left the risotto, because it was a blob of mess! It was seriously horrible! The service was friendly but VERY slow! All in all an ok experience.
4	Amazing professional jazz band on Saturday (2nd floor). It's a wonderful show while eating. I recommend you to try the filet mignon, it's a blast, as well as their risotto (I'm normally quite picky when it comes to risotto). However, you need to make a reservation first. Otherwise, you might have to wait outside for an hour. It's a very popular place in the Old Montreal.
4	With the open windows and wafts of jazz music, this place was wonderful!!  It was the most "French" feeling place we ate while in Montreal.  The lamb with goat cheese was phenomenal.  The cocktails, ceasar salad, and tiramisu were all pretty good too.  Lorenzo, the manager, was just exceptional!  He really made the place a *5-star* in my mind.  It did seem a little overpriced for what it was though I would certainly recommend it to anyone.
5	I found Modavie on a few different travel sites with excellent reviews so we had to try it - and it exceeded our expectations. It is located near the port where all the main shops and lively streets are. We were greeted at the door by Lorenzo. Lorenzo was the kindest person and made sure our service was nothing but perfection from the moment we walked in until the moment we left! The waitress we had too was very excited about the food, answered our many questions about the different meals and was always attentive. We had French onion soup to start which was delicious. Our main meals were the rack of lamb, duck confit, and mushroom risotto. It was all so beautifully presented and very tasty! They also have Jazz nights every night of the week, sometimes on their second floor and other times on the main floor. Even though we didn't sit where the jazz was that night, we could still hear the performance and it added to the experience. Overall the place is beautiful, the food was excellent, and best of all, the service was perfect. This is a MUST in Montreal!
2	Great jazz - horrible service.
5	My new wife and I did Montreal and Quebec City for our honeymoon. We knew we wanted to do 1 upscale dinner when we were in Montreal, so I made reservations at L'Express. However, upon arriving in the city we quickly realized how difficult it can be to get around, and we decided to cancel L'express in favor of something closer to the hotel.What a great decision! I'm sure L'express is good, but Modavie was a couple minutes away from our hotel, and the experience was amazing. The food, the MUSIC (Sam Orsini), and the service all top notch. We cleaned our plates of Shrimp Risotto, Strip steak, and lava cake. It had been a dreary, rainy day but we had such a great time we each left dinner in a fantastic mood.Go on a Tuesday night to see Sam! Beautiful acoustic versions of classic songs, we didn't want to leave we enjoyed his music so much.
5	This was my second time here and both times I had to have the lamb cavatelli!  I finished every last inch of it.  We started with the foie gras torchon via a recommendation from our amazing server.  My boyfriend had his first duck confit and now it's his favorite dish of all time!.  The live jazz is really nice.  Overall, a fantastic experience.
4	3.5 stars for this cute restaurant I old Montreal. The host (Lorenzo?) was very welcoming and friendly giving us a lovely table on the second floor. The reason I have it less stars was because my salad and entree came out at the same time, after our calamari that was very well prepared. In addition,my risotto was not the right consistency (very dry) nor was it fully cooked. Husband requested medium for his lamb that came highly recommended but was well done. He did not mind it one bit because it was well prepared. It was I. A great spot and the service was good and the ambiance lively, but the food did not quite meet a 4 or 5 star rating.
1	We went with high expectations and were sorely disappointedFor me , a culinary infraction in a highly touted restaurant can be overlooked if at least the service is acceptable which was not the case hereTo think that they would mess up a simple dish like steamed mussels and frites is remarkableIt was poorly prepared , dry , and cold cos the waiter forgot about itThe last straw was that the waiter never once asked how the meal was, quietly came around with his card swiping machine , picked up the tip and went off and we like idiots actually tipped for this abismal mealAvoid this place there are a ton of amazing restaurants in Montreal
5	We had the pleasure of dining here very late night years ago and were not disappointed this visit either. From the moment we walked in Lorenzo welcomed us with opened arms and made our meal a wonderful experience. The food was outstanding. Our group has Duck Confit, rack of lamb, and Mushroom Risotto.  Service was non obtrusive and delightful. The Jazz playing from the second floor was very nice and not a distraction from the meal and good conversation. Thank you Lorenzo for a wonderful evening of food wine and conversation. We will return on our next sojourn to Montreal.
1	After a series of disappointing dining experiences in Old Montreal,we are beginning to think that we should avoid restaurants in this part of the city altogether.Add this one to the list -watered down drinks and overpriced food that was fair to middling-sorry Lorenzo you were very nice but the Mushroom Risotto was a big pile of bland mush.If I wasn't vegetarian I would ordered the lamb like you suggested.
4	Great service. Lamb burger was very good. Risotto was below par but when we told them they replaced it with the blinis which were very good!
5	Love the live jazz. It was really good. We sat by a window and we able to people watch. The food is good but you really go there for the ambiance and decor. Lamb and the duck confit was on the smaller side but good. Good wine list. Even if you don't get a table the bar is great to dine in.
4	Great bistro with great service.  Quality ingredients, nice presentation, friendly and professional service made for a lovely break on a rainy day in Montreal.
3	Just had dinner at Modavie this Saturday night. I made a reservation so we were promptly seated in the upstairs section. They play live jazz between 7-10pm on the upstairs level so it was a lovely setting for our dinner. We ordered a couple cocktails to start, one French Mojito and a Cosmopolitan, which Modavie makes slightly different adding Cointreau-which for me left a strange taste almost like black licoroce. I wasn't a fan of that cocktail.I started with the bean and octopus salad which was large enough for toe people to share. The octopus had a lemon zest marinade and was delicious. I do have to mention it was served cold I would have preferred a grilled version. The salad was overall a good starter with the accompaniment of warm bread and butter.My boyfriend had the pasta with chicken and pancetta and I ordered the catch of the day- sea bass with risotto and vegetables. I didn't enjoy either entree. The pasta was a generous portion but to me felt very slimey and I didn't like the roasted peppers- but I think this is my preference.  The catch of the day was very bland with too much salt which overpowered the dish. I also didn't enjoy the side of cucumber tomato with some kind of vinegar dressing. I just don't think the whole fish dish came together very well.Overall I give Modavie a 3, I did like the ambience and live jazz. I would not return for the food-although apparently their lamb is a big hit. Overall I think there are better places for dinner in Old Montreal.
3	I recommend but correct the category - it's not really French, more like Mediterranean.  Lamb is the specialty.  This was my second visit.  Great lamb chops, rack of lamb and pasta, and nicely priced wine list (enough under $60).  The interior is exposed brick of a historic building, so that is charming.  The downstairs may look full but the upstairs is expansive.  It's in a tourist district, so I can understand if some others had an off experience when the place is full.  Our server was a sweet and professional woman, who did her job very well.
5	My wife and I visited twice on a recent trip to Montreal--once forFood and once for drinks. I had the mussels which were amazing!  I've never had them that way but they were in a delicious cream sauce. Absolutely wonderful and highly recommended. We had drinks at the bar with the live music. Another very fun time. We met a guy named Lorenzo and he was charming and funny. The employees seemed to be working hard but all were pleasant and smiling. Overall a very positive experience and I would recommend this place.
5	We stumbled upon Modavie as we were looking for an affordable but classy restaurant for lunch.  We were SO happy we found this restaurant.  Our waitress was very friendly and we got quick and pleasant service.  We were visiting Montreal for a long weekend and got tips on fun nightclubs and events going on from our waitress.  The food was also VERY good and there was a lot of variety on the menu.  Just wish we could have come back to sample more!Among the three of us, we sampled a wide variety.  For apps, we tried the salade mixte with goat cheese, which was light and very good!  We also had the rilette, a rich and filling, but not overly heavy, dish that we all really enjoyed.  The rilette came with bread and a side salad, so it was a nice mix.  We also tried the Toulouse sausage, again a hit - tasty and not too heavy for a summertime lunch.Next, we had the soupe d'ognon, a French classic done to the T! It brought back memories of living in France - excellent execution!  The smoked salmon and fresh cream with capers blinis were good, although the blinis themselves were a bit hard.  I would have preferred a bit of a softer pancake as this was a bit hard to cut through.  I didn't get the feeling that they were fresh (maybe frozen and then microwaved?)  However, the balance between the salmon and tasty fresh cream was just right!  A rich meal that made you feel like you were dining in style! :) Finally, the salade frisee avec lardons was also a success - the frisee had a light dressing, the bacon/lardon balanced out the lightness of the salad and it came with a hardboiled egg.  Again, reminder of a life of leisure in Paris :)Try Modavie if you're on a budget, but still want to eat well.  We stuck with smaller plates and felt very satisfied with the quality and portions!  We'll be back the next time we return to Montreal!
5	We celebrated a birthday here and thoroughly enjoyed the food, ambiance and jazz musicians!  The onion soup, steak frites and trout almondine were delicious!  The service was perfect too!
4	We love coming here! Good solid food and great service. Lorenzo the manager is friendly, kind and very accommodating. He regularly checks on his staff and guests and makes sure everyone leaves happy. He even gave both our daughter and Ginny (her doll) ice-cream! A great place to stop for lunch, especially if you have young children.
4	Loved this place. I can`t give it five stars only because I did not have a full dinner, but the salad I had with an egg on top & a sausage appetizer were great. I love the space & it`s industrial but elegant feel. The Jazz was on point. I have to say what made the night was the best waitress I have had while in Montreal, in fact anywhere in a long time. She was lovely, helpful, suggesting great wines, drinks, and even going so far as to google on her local phone ideas for places to go and writing them out! Catherine was just a delight and it made me feel so welcome not just at this place but in Montreal in general. Thank you
5	Loved this restaurant, highly recommend if you're in Old Montreal area. We actually decided to go here last minute since it was like right next to the Marriott we stayed in. What a pleasant surprise! We shared  the octopus salad with white beans for appetizer and that was very refreshing and plenty of octopus in the salad. Then, I had the duck confit and my husband had their signature rack of lamb with goat cheese. Now, the duck confit was amazing; super juicy dark meat, crispy skin and just enough duck fat, yum yum yum. As for the rack of lamb, it's their signature dish for a reason; medium rare was cooked to perfection, beautifully seasoned and super tender and delicious even for me who's not crazy about lamb to begin with. And for dessert, I ordered their pana cotta and cappuccino. When they brought the pana cotta out, it wasn't pretty with red raspberry or brown caramel, so I was a bit disappointed. But that initial disappointment disappeared in a flash as soon as I had my first bite. OMG, their pana cotta was sooooo creamy and just perfect with my cappuccino. I'm so glad I went for dessert even though I was already pretty full. But then again, I always have another stomach for dessert. Anyway, good service, amazing food, definitely give it a shot if you're in the area.
2	The food was ok, we've had better. The kitchen was extremely slow...one-hour wait for salads, which were just ok, was way too long!!
5	My wife and I went here for a Saturday evening dinner while visiting Montreal.  Found this gem on OpenTable before we left; we were looking for an affordable yet romantic dinner spot in Vieux-Montreal.  When we arrived, the ambiance was perfect - Lorenzo seated us at a cozy table overlooking Rue St-Paul.  I had the penne pasta with pesto (added chicken) and my wife chose the shrimp risotto.  Both dishes were excellent and generously sized portions.  The waitstaff were all friendly and genuinely interested in where we were visiting from, what we liked about Montreal, and the occasion we were celebrating (our anniversary).  We also enjoyed the live jazz piped in from upstairs.We will be back next time we're in Montreal!
3	Service, lamb, calamari, onion soup, OpenTable reservations and the live music?  All good to great.  And our server specifically was pretty funny when I asked for a second helping of the tasty bread served between courses.  My Negroni cocktail was also pretty good.But the steak frites was a borderline disaster.  It was a large (10 ounces?) piece of steak dropped on top of some very plain fries on a large plate.  People who know me well know this, but even in total agony I eat cooked flesh no matter what but I left about half my steak and some of the fries on my plate because this was so bad.  Just wasn't what I was expecting; I order steak frites at a variety of French and French-leaning places all over the US and when I went to France, but this was a very Americanized version of a steak and fries meal.My advice?  Skip the steak, get the lamb, order a couple of drinks and soak in the scene.  You'll be fine!
5	Came here because my husband saw that they have mussels in pernod sauce.  He was not disappointed.  A huge bowl of mussels, a glass of wine and live music and he left very happy!   I had the mushroom risotto which was delicious- well seasoned and a good portion.  We also started with the foie gras- excellent.  We didn't have room to have dessert, but based on the ones we saw around us, they all looked very good.
5	Came here for a date night with the mister to relieve midterm stress. Since he loves jazz music and i love good food, i knew modavie was a must.   Upon arriving, we were guided by the hostess upstairs towards the jazz bar, the atmosphere was amaaazing. Although i'm not usually a huge fan of jazz, i still really enjoyed every min of the show. The service was also A+, given how busy it was the waitress was relatively fast on refilling our water and bread basket. Let me just say, out of all the restaurant I've been to, Modavie hands down has the best kaizer buns ever. It was warm and crispy on the outside and perfectly soft and tender on the inside. We even had to get a refill because it was that good. The food took about 30 mins, but between the wine and music, it really wasnt so bad.   I ordered the pasta while my boyfriend order the duck confit. The pasta was alright but the duck was DELICIOUS. it was so tender that it literally just fell off the bone. The sauce was also perfectly done.   Overall, we had an amazing experience and i would definitely go back.
4	Had a wonderful dinner here while on a work trip.  Was able to get a reservation online before flying in, which is very convenient.  I was staying in Old Montreal and was very pleased that this place was around the corner.  The ambiance is nice and live music is always great with dinner.  The food was good and affordable for the area.  I got the catch of the day, it was simply but hit the spot.  Also the staff is very friendly!
5	Came here on our second to last day in Montreal, after having been here for a week and not having one exciting meal.The food was amazing!! Started with fresh calamari, followed by the rack of lamb with goat cheese and it didn't disappoint. Ended the night off with some warm homemade apple pie that was the cherry on top for a great evening in a beautiful restaurant. I will definitely be back on my next visit during the summer!
4	very good restaurant...we both had the rack of lamb with goat cheese...excellent. we started with white bean and octopus salad and the salmon blini ...both quite good. nice wine selection, loved the bluesy band. only thing not great was the cheese plate..a bit unimaginative with Asiago,  Fontina , gorgonzola, provolone....but lovely evening overall!
5	Great food and service.  Warm and cozy ambiance located in the heart of old village of Montreal.  Has cool bar area.  Food is delicious and the service is great.  French onion soup was yummy and the the mussels were amazing.   The broth was so good that I finished it off by dipping my bread in it.
4	Very nice local restaurant , they have a fantastic French onion soup . The service was very fast and courteous . I ordered a prefix lunch 3 items 29 dollars ... Very filling and tasty came fresh and hot ....
4	Not mind-blowing in that it is just not as intimate a place like Bocata a few blocks west, but very good French-style cuisine in a rocking place.  Guitarist/singer was rocking out in a romantic sort of way.  Our table had Caesar salads, endive winter salad, and I had foie gras to start.  The foie gras was truly awesome.  Entrees were mussels, duck confit, and braised lamb.   All very good.  Desserts were fondant chocolate, tarte tantin, and tiramisu.  All were very tasty and I'd go back, especially with a group or with well behaved kids.  Not quite the right place for an intimate evening, but a great place for a fun and delicious evening.
4	Loved this place. Get a seat upstairs by the live music and enjoy. Timing was great. Not rushed through any courses so we could stay a while and enjoy the music. Good was delish - mussels, duck, beef tartare
4	My husband and I were walk-ins last night for New Year's Eve. We were so glad to get in without reservations. Our server was super friendly and helpful with recommendations for drinks and food. He also allowed and encouraged us to take our time, which was much appreciated. The old fashion and martinis were good. The cabernet sauvignon and dessert wine were okay. We got the mushroom risotto and pesto penne. The food was good too. Nice ambience.
5	LOVE IT HERE! The beet salad was amazing! the stuffed mushrooms were delicious! and possibly the best tiramisu I have ever had! We definitely will be back when we visit Montreal again! The owner Lorenzo was so great and made our friends birthday very special!
