4	A nice little steakhouse located inside of Caesar's Palace.  The primerib was just huge.  The service is of course great.  The crabcakes are delicious.
4	Nero's is a nice steak and seafood restaurant with a variety of delicious dishes.   Between all the members in our party, we had the fillet mignon, milk fed veal and 16 oz new york.  For sides we had the creamed spinach, polenta and mushrooms. Everything tasted fantastic and no one out of 6 was disappointed.  The polenta has a nice spicy flavor and it can catch you off guard. The staff is very attentive and courteous.
4	Another excellent Las Vegas steakhouse.  Great service, wine selection and decor.  Service was great as well.
3	There are better steakhouses in Vegas than Nero's. I highly recommend Delmonico's.I was by myself so I ate at the bar. The bar staff was friendly and attentive and my food arrived quickly. I had the onion soup ($10) and it was delicious. It was a little salty, but I liked it that way.I also ordered the 22 oz. bone-in ribeye. The bone wasn't just the eye, it was a whole rib. I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfect doneness. However, this was supposedly aged for 28 days but it didn't have that rich aged flavor. Additionally, it was watery like a grocery store steak. They serve all steaks with Nero's "famous" steak sauce. It was pretty tasty, but if my steak had been good enough, I wouldn't have even been tempted to try it.I didn't order a drink and my total, with tip, came to $80. For that kind of money, the steak needs to make me drool and not want to stop eating it. I was more than happy to stop eating this halfway through and I doubt I will even finish my leftovers.
3	The size of the steak are huge. the smallest one is 10 Oz and the rest are  ranging from 16 oz to 28oz. We decided to share an 16 oz New York Strip ($59) but they charge $10 extra for spliting the corse and $5 to split appetizer, soup and salad. The steak was perfectly cooked however it was a bit salty. We ordered a spinach side ($9) and it was extremely salty. tuna tartar and crab cakes were good. The fish entree overly fried and salty. The bill ended up to be a bit over $200 with the food above and a glass of house special wine ($11), which I think its a bit pricey for the quality of food.
5	I LOVE Neros.I've been to many, many Vegas steakhouses, and nearest and dearest to my heart is Neros.My father first took me to Neros for my 16th birthday.  Neil Sedaka had just sung "Happy Birthday Sweet 16" to me earlier that night in the Caesar's Palace theatre (pre-coliseum / Celine days) and we all went to Neros after the show.I don't eat steak often, but I do love a good steak.  At Neros, it has always been perfectly cooked, aged wonderfully, minimally seasoned (because excellent steak doesn't need it!) and served in generous portions.  I've never been able to finish a steak at Neros, and I've never tried.When my father was alive, this was his favorite.  He stayed exclusively at Caesar's Palace, and though he ventured around town for different foods, steak was always at Neros.I remember arriving there one night for a dinner party with my father's associates and a bunch of my friends.  They surprised us by having a gigantic shellfish platter on ice in the center of our table.  Shrimp, oysters, crablegs, all beautifully served.  Incidentally, I don't like seafood, but all who partook sung its praises.Neros is a piece of old Vegas.  While remodeled and modern now, you can still look around the dining room and envision men with their cigars and three piece suits and women dressed to kill (um, no miniskirts and ugg boots).If you want an excellent steak in a less trendy setting, and want to be surrounded by some class, try Neros next time you're in Vegas.
3	For its prices, Neros is possibly the best Steakhouse for the money in Vegas.  High quality meats, great side dishes, wonderfully tasty desserts, and the best bread basket I have ever tasted.  As someone who samples the Lobster Bisque anywhere he goes, I must say that the version at Neros is amongst my alltime favorites with a delicate touch of terragon creme that balances everything perfectly.  Additionally, the Alaskan King Salmon Tournedos were flawless, fresh, perfectly seared, and delicious.....and about 1/2 the price as the same amount of meat as Bartolotta at the Wynn.  The creamed spinach was also tasty, but it is unfortunate that the gnocchi was quite subpar (so-much-so that they've apparently removed it from the menu.)Back to the bread bowl for a second......seriously.....the walnut raisin bread alone would nearly be enough for me to return.  The Chocolate Fondue with fresh figs and poundcake was also quite delicious, but there was not nearly enough fruit/cake to utilize all the chocolate.Service was unpretentious and pleasant, though I must admit they snuck in the Voss water without asking about table/tap water......a nasty $30 suprise in water at the end of the meal.  All told, a good experience, but not on par with Mastro's further West (my favorite steakhouse I've yet encountered.)
4	As cheesy as the entrance to this restaurant is, it is definitely worth a try. I am a lover of appetizers and seafood (yes, even at a steakhouse), so it would only make sense that i order the seafood appetizer. Oh my goodness, it was an incredible sampler of crab legs and shrimp and all that good stuff. Everything was perfectly cooked and tasted as fresh as seafood can taste. I barely had any room left for my filet mignon! But I did...i always do. Haha. As for my steak, it was as good as i had hoped. It was prepared medium-rare EXACTLY. This is great because I have been to places where medium rare = rare or well. Oh no, not here. The center was the perfect shade of dark pink. LOVELY. The sides are pretty awesome, too. The creamed spinach and mashed potatoes are a must.
2	This steakhouse is located within Caesar's Palace and is not contained in the Forum Shops. We have eaten many times in the Forum Shops and wanted to try something "local" to the casino. I had obtained a reservation for 7:30pm through the toll-free number provided by Caesar's to reach any restaurant in the casino. After wasting time sitting at the bar we were finally taken to our table shortly after 8:15pm! We were basically ignored and had to constantly ask when our table would be ready. I can be as cool and care-free as the next guy, but this was a business dinner, so I thought the wait was excessive. (To be fair, they eventually did get the manager who came to us and offered to buy the round of drinks we had in front of us. This was a kind gesture, but we wished we had ordered cocktails instead of the round of Cokes. And to that, we would have just preferred our table.)I would like to say that once we were seated our experience improved, but I cannot. I have been to nice restaurants when there is an understanding that it will be a long meal and you may as well get comfortable. Neros is not that type of a place, but our meal took forever. They may have been understaffed, but it was impossible to get ahold of our server. I started my meal with a bowl of the Lobster Bisque, which was the only highlight of the night. To credit Neros, it might be the best Bisque I have had in Las Vegas and was certainly one of the best I have ever had. I had my "go-to" bone-in ribeye for dinner. I was very glad that it was served with the house steak sauce because the steak was dry. That is the restaurant's fault. What is not necessarily its fault was the fact that my steak was just a bad cut. I happened to get a piece that was replete with "bad spots" that were too tough to cut through and certainly not edible. That happens and I may have said something if the service had been better or if that hadn't been futile once before in Las Vegas. I spoke with a few other people who had eaten there and their feelings were better than mine but lukewarm overall. I cannot see any reason why this would not be my ONLY dinner at Neros. There are too many good restaurants in Las Vegas to go back to one where you have had a negative experience.
4	I am not a big steak person, but the Nero's filet mignon was definitely impressive. Among the other good options here are the Mediterranean prawns and the foie gras served on toasted bread with carmelized fig. They have a wine cellar in the back, and a person assigned to match drink with dish. We had a chianti which was really smooth. The bread basket and salads were also of a very high quality. And the tyrian purple interior was a personal favorite!
4	I took one star off for the decor because I found it to be too dark and on the tacky side.  Fortunately, the food is a whole other story.  For starters, we had escargot and the seafood platter.  The escargot is kind of a vague memory because the seafood platter had some of the meatiest and freshest shellfish I ever had.  The lobster and crab legs were the standouts.  On to the the entree, the filet mignon and whole roasted garlic were such a delicious pair.  I squeezed  out every bit of roasted garlic I could! I got my filet mignon medium rare and it was juicy and flavorful. I sampled  most of the sides that people at our table ordered.  The asparagus, creamed spinach, and the mushrooms were tasty.  The potato gratin is just ok though.  Everyone in our party was so stuffed that we didn't even bother to look at the dessert menu.  For a sweet ending though, they gave us some chocolate pralines from Payard, the patisserie located in Caesar's.  That was definately a piece of chocolate I'd love to have again!
4	I am traveling on business staying at Caesar's Palace and didn't particularly like the room service menu. There are too many restaurants to choose from so decided to get a little help from Yelp! Since I wasn't overly hungry, the reviews of the appetizers at Neros caught my fancy.I called from my room to make a reservation and they told me there was no wait. I was seated immediately. Service was friendly and prompt.Started with the Lobster Bisque - it was good, a bit too salty for my liking. I've definitely had better. Then had the Maryland Crab Cakes which were excellent, although they would have been even better with a bit more of the red pepper sauce. The walnut raisin bread was also pretty good!The desert menu looked interesting but unfortunately I was too full so will have to go back for dessert.
4	We love Neros.  We've been there twice and both times and my boyfriend always gets the Lollipop steak, which is ginormous and GOOD!  The last time we were there, we started off with the seafood platter for 2 and bf got the lobster bisque and we shared a lollipop steak with roasted asparagus on the side.  Service is like any other great steak houses, busy but attentive and masculine... just how a steak house should be.  I gave it a 4 star instead of 5, because the service, although very good, it is not impeccable.
4	this place is pretty good. super pricey, but i comp this off.the seafood platter is super good, the foi gua is good, the meats were all good. i think i had lamb and steaks and they were allllll good.everything is ala carte. sides were good. its a good restaurant. portions are pretty big! everything u want in a nice dinner!!
4	Being that it was so hot on my last trip to Vegas, we found it difficult to want to leave the hotel grounds just to get dinner, so a number of folks from the Blackhat convention decided to have dinner here.I ordered the Neros classic filet 3-course special which included a salad (Applewood Smoked Bacon, Egg, Tomato,Cabrales Blue Cheese Dressing); filet mignion with black peppercorn sauce and a side of pring broccoli, toasted garlic butter, lemon; and cheesecake with berry sauce.  The salad was fair, filet was tend but on the salty side, and the cheesecake decent (had to request for the sauce to be on the side because I figure it would be overly sweet).  Service was very attentive.  Not sure if I'd dine here again as there are so many restaurants in Vegas to try.Price of 3-course meal:  $39 (not including tax and tip)
5	This place is good.  Cost is crazy i'll give you that but the food was great.  some short rib braised was awesome, the fillet, prime, crab cakes.  they were great..
4	great steaks. -prime rib was well cooked on the outside, nice and pink in the center.-bone-in ny strip was excellent and the meat was the star, not the seasoning. -short ribs are a great option as well. not as large a serving as the other two, but very tender and tasty.great sides:-potatoes were amazing.-baby carrots were good, not great.-wild mushrooms are definitely a must order-their cream-style corn is seasonal so order if its on the menuthey started out with an amuse bouche  of smoked salmon and creme fraiche on this crispy potato slice. also amazing and a great way to start dinner.
3	Saturday night 7:30 PM.  With all other restaurant's requiring reservations, we ended up at Nero's.  This may not be a fair review seeing as how I did not order steak here, but let's just go with it anyway.  Their service was impeccable - very friendly and helpful with recommendations.  Their walnut raisin bread was fresh, and so delicious!  I had to push the bread basket to the other end of the table so I'd still have room for my actual meal.  I decided on the Roasted Foie Gras with apple bread pudding and spiced apple (a starter, $22).  The waiter said it would only be a small tasting, but it turned out to be more than enough.  The first bite of the foie gras was amazing - perfectly roasted with the right amount of crispiness on the outside while the rest of it melts in your mouth.  The taste of the apple bread pudding and sweet syrup blends quite well with the foie gras, definitely pleases the palate.  After just a couple of bites though, I had enough - it's a small amount of food, but quite heavy.  I also had the Maine Lobster Bisque with Fresh Tarragon Cream ($14).  This was a bit of a disappointment - the soup could have been thicker and heartier.  Rather, it was thin, and definitely lacking in lobster.  There were only a few small bits sitting at the bottom of the bowl.  The taste was OK, but this soup lacked substance.  Thumbs down.Overall, I had a mediocre meal - 3 stars.
2	The good:  Hostess was sweet, busgirl was on her game, people watching from the bistro table outside the door to the restaurant while eating was fun.  Side dishes and drinks were decent.The bad:  Waiter was half-attentive, my prime rib was entirely too large a cut and I swear mooed as it was set on the table, my honey said the NY strip was "the worst steak I've ever had in my life" - he didn't even eat half of it, it was that bad.The ugly:  The price.  Over $200 w/o tip for us to eat steak there that neither of us could palate.  We had been warned by an employee not to bother to eat here.  We should have listened.Summary:  Wouldn't go there again.  Why pay high-end steakhouse prices for inedible food and a waiter that could care if you have a drink or not?
1	I had a much better experience last year. I had exactly the same Maine Lobster Soup and now, it turned out to be a very very salty soup with basically no other taste at all.The bad part does not stop there, the Chicken that I had tasted like a regular broiled chicken that you can find anywhere in the states. I'm much prefer chicken from QFC, Vons.So long Neros, I would never come back.
4	Now this is a good steak house. It's old Vegas designed with plus red chairs and dark wood decor. .The meat is well seasoned, perfectly cooked. Had the  ribeye lollipop cut -medium.The sides: mashed potatoes and mushrooms are flavored just right. The combination of food and wine are unbeatable. The portions are huge, so it's great to share and split the bill as well.Nero's according to its website: "Specializing in dry-aged prime beef, tender chops, fresh fish and seafood"
4	Dined here two nights ago.  I enjoyed the lobster bisque.  I also enjoyed, but did not love, the beef shortribs.  I think the shortribs could have been a bit more aggresively seasoned and it could have been served warmer than it was.  The veg and the mashed potatoes that accompany the shortribs were satisfactory.  In my dinner party, the others had good things to say about the prime rib, the lamb shank, and the ribeye.  I enjoyed reading their wine list and settled on a Rutherford merlot--two bottles set me back about $130.  The wine steward was knowledgeable, although she did not arrive in time to assist in my selection--we needed a drink after a long day!  All in all, a nice experience at a price on the high side of fair.
4	my boyfriend took me here for valentine's day...too bad i was too hungover from the night before to really enjoy my meal..! (oh well..)but!! (yes, there is a but!) we shared alot of food...we first ordered the crab cakes and they were soooo good. full of large pieces of crab and it wasn't full of breading. i ordered the lobster bisque as an entree (you know, to get over my hangover)...and it was a bit funny tasting. i'm not sure if it tastes like this all of the time, but it was a bit too salty and i couldn't take more than 2 spoonfuls. my-not-so-hungover boyfriend agreed that it didn't taste very good...so i asked for the french onion soup as a replacement. good thing i did...i enjoyed my french onion soup much better....my boyfriend ordered the 30 oz rib-eye on a dinosaur bone...and it was insanely good. he ordered it medium rare..and since it was such a big piece of meat--there were some parts that were much more rare than the other parts. but that's just bound to happen w/ such a large slab of meat. we got the creamed spinach and the pureed potato as sides. the potato was so so good...it just melted in my mouth. i think the creamed spinach needed more salt...but i guess less salt is better for your health??....maybe one day, i'll get to enjoy this place again..when my stomach is 100%. but i'll def be back ...i want to take the dinosaur bone home next time!! haha...
1	Okay, so i went here this past weekend with my cousin.  First of all, we were expecting some fancy steakhouse... Like a fine dining 5 start establishment where everyone dressed to the nine.  This is not that place.  I knew right away when we walked in there were tables of people wearing sports gear....NBA Jerseys should NOT be allowed to be worn at a dining establishment where Dover Sole is priced at $55.00 per plate!!Anywhoo, we were pleasantly seated and were served some nice bread items.  Breadsticks, sourdough, it was all yummy.  So was the butter that accompanied it.  Our server.....she was a piece of work.  She never stood properly facing us.  She always seemled like she was ready to walk away when asking if we needed a drink (ie:  cousin ordered a diet coke that NEVER came) or wanted our veggies cooked a certain way (my fish and veggies which i asked to be steamed and grilled with no oil or butter...came out drenched in butter, herbs and oil).  When processing our bill, we had a credit card and some cash....she proceeded to say:  How much would you like on the card??  it caught us off guard.  What she wanted to do...was charge the card and take her tip in cash so that she DIDN'T HAVE TO CLAIM THE ENTIRE AMOUNT TO THE IRS AS INCOME WAGES.... FRICKING GHETTO!!  She ran the credit card on the machine, with the cash in one hand and went over to a table to chit chat.  DO YOU REALIZE THAT'S HOW FRAUD TAKES PLACE??  Who runs a credit card transaction and walks away from the register??  I mean........I don't know of any one in sales that will ring you up...then walk away to talk to someone else 12 feet away.  The register was in an open area walkway.  ANYONE could  have accessed it while she was chit chatting.  And then the card came back as "Call Vendor".  She came back loudly and told us the card was DECLINED.  Which was impossible.  She came back and said maybe we made too many purchases or ran it too many times.  So basically YOUR LAZY ASS DIDN'T WANT TO CALL THE MERCHANT???  And it was NOT DECLINED.  You really need to be careful what you say to people about declined cards, people get embarressed and feel humiliated (nice that on the same card, the next day over $300 worth of clothes were purchased at the Forum Shops)  I was not having this and had to totally tell her all of the above and also shared this with her manager.  The manager politely comped 1/3 of our bill (whopping $35...pleeeese....i shit $35 bucks) and was left with a sour taste in our mouths from this place.  Will i go here again.  HELL NO.  Would i tell people to go here?  HELL NO.  Thanks but no thanks...  And side note:  because of the open lay out of the restaurant to the hotel/casino (Caesers Palace), it smelled like VOMIT towards the end of our meal....FU*K YOU LAZY SERVER BIOTCH!!
2	Wow... for the price Nero's was a disappointment.I set up a company dinner at Nero's expecting it to be at least 4 stars... BUT I was greatly disappointed. First... the service was slow... forgot about a couple of people whenever they brought out a course (esp mee!) Second... the food. For appetizers, there were crab cakes and Caesar Salad. The crab cakes were ok. Only the top and bottom were breaded and not enough seasonings to subdue the fishiness of the crab. The Cesar Salad wasn't a big deal... literally a few romaine lettuce leaves w/ dressing topped w/ parmesean cheese and an anchovy. The main entree I got was the baked chicken w/ carmelized carrots and mashed potatoes... Loved the veggies, carrots were perfect! Not too smooshy. :) ... but chicken needed more flavor. The dessert was good.. have to give it 3 stars. I had the creme brulee and it was tasty. I personally would have preferred a tad more vanilla beans and a crunchier topping of sugar.The drinks were good... I had a vodka tonic and it was nice and strong.
3	i was horribly disappointed with the service...i tried to order the buffalo and my server would not let me..sayin the filet minon was better...and when i ordered it medium well he neglected to tell me that it would come butterflied....the steak was good...but nothing special...the appetizers however were amazing...the shrimp was jumbo!!! & delicious...vegetables were delicious...wish i could have tried the buffalo...overall i was disappointed with the experience and thought the food should've been better
4	Went to Neros on 6/27/10 with my wife and I'd have to say it was excellent service and we both had excellent steaks. Our waiter was very attentive and was kind of strange because he was almost hovering over us waiting for us to ask for his assistance. I had the 26 oz ribeye medium rare and it was pretty rare but that's how I like it.  My wife had the filet and that was very tender and lean and perfectly prepared.  We had mashed potatoes and asparagus for sides.  2 sides was enough for the two of us. Giving Neros 4 stars because its a bit too expensive, I've had steaks this good that didnt cost $60 each. I'd probably try another good restaurant in Caesar's like RAOs before going back but if you want a good steak and are willling to pay for it you wont be disappointed.
5	I love steak.  Morton's, Mastro's, Flemings, Ruth Chris, I love these places and savor every bite of the dishes at such establishments.  That said, if you're looking for the best place for steak, go to Nero's.  Look no further.  Did I say?  For the best steak ever, go to Nero's!My Sales team & I came here after working a long day at a trade show.  My feet were sore, back was aching, and just wanted to go to bed.  We all decided to grab dinner and on a whim decided on Neros.  Okay, and I admit it...I wanted to go straight to bed, so when they told me that they didn't carry bone in Kansas City Strip.  Nero was at a Zero...not to worry, their food brought Neros to HERO status once I took my first bite!I made the most of it.  Ordered the bone in NY strip.  Yes, I was starving and I don't know what set this place apart and makes this place the best.  But it is.  The meat melted in my mouth.  My colleague (another Steak Lover who has also been to all the steak houses I've been to) ordered the filet mignon and he also agrees with me that Neros is the best steak house ever. We all ordered various sides, and they're all worth mentioning:  Creamed Spinach, mushroosm, potato gratin, broccoli, mac and cheese.  The service is exceptional.  The staff is extremely attentive and is not overbearing.  It's a bit more relaxed than more steakhouses.  It's not stuffy at all.  By far, the best steak ever --As a matter of fact, my colleague stopped by here while at Vegas and he was very upset to find that he was there while they were closed.
3	I've been meaning to write this review for quite some time now...While we were in Vegas, I decided to take my family here to celebrate Father's Day. We were lucky to get a reservation last minute. We arrived 15 mins before our time and we waited about 15 minutes before we were seated.Service was good. Not as friendly as i'd like it..i've had better but it was OK. They did the usual greet, want another drink, and how's everything... but to me that's just the average.Food... i had prime rib. It was just meeeh to me...(maybe i'm spoiled by the great bay area foods). It was ridiculously priced for the sides and that's if you wanted to add sides. The cream corn was over buttered and the mushrooms...well they were not the usual button mushrooms that i love...so the flavor to me wasn't to my liking.But here's where they redeem themselves.. dessert!!! Chocolate souffle. It was sooo freakin good! When I got the total for the bill....well thank god I like to gamble so a nice chunk of the bill was taken off with my player points.
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Vegas, hands down.I get the new york strip steak, side of onion rings, potatoes and green beans. Yummy!I think the steak is perfectly done, all the juices soaked in where it does not need any kind of sauce to be delicious.The one slight negative is that the service can be mediocre at times. When I've gone with my parents, it seems more prompt then when I go by myself. Other than that, I love this place and try to go every time I'm in vegas!
4	I actually thought Neros was surprisingly good and even more surprisingly reasonable priced.We started with an order of the Oysters (which I LOVE) and they were SO delicious, we had to order a second half dozen. Seriously. They were bomb.I ordered the filet and it was a perfect size. Perfectly cooked, prepared, seasoned, delicious. The asparagus was great, too. Very simple -- they didn't try to "over-fancy" it. The whole meal was great! Would definitely recommend.
2	Service was very good, food was ok--nothing memorable.  But I went with a large group and almost all of us got food poisoning, so that was kind of a bummer for the rest of the weekend.  I was in Vegas a month before and went to N9NE--way better.
4	Wheelchair accessible, although finding your way *to* the restaurant without hitting stairs can be tricky - leave extra time or plan your route in advance. Reservations recommended. Like anything else in Vegas, get comps or coupons of you can - but I'd say the prices were tolerable even without it. I am a cruel, horrible carnivore who loves some tasty foie gras. I had foie gras something as an appetizer AND again on my filet mignon. Mmm, tasty suffering. (Actually I'm pretty sure it was California-style low-cruelty foie gras, not the real French stuff. But both are tasty.) The steak was very good as well, good quality meat and cooked the way I ordered it instead of somewhere else. The service was tolerable if not perfect, and the sommelier was knowledgeable enough to find me a red wine I could actually drink (I'm sensitive to sulfites and reds, so I only drink organic US reds or European ones, which add fewer sulfites). Real wine drinkers will find a decent selection available. I took two guests, and both enjoyed everything they ate. Since this was my "big fancy dinner" during which I was spoiling one of them, it worked out very well. The menu was nothing screamingly original, but did everything they did quite well, and there was enough variety of tasty classics to keep my party happy. Vegetarians should check the Web site or menu first, as it's pretty steakhouse and may not have much to offer non-carnivores. My carnivore party was quite happy with its food. I did not order foie gras for dessert. But I thought about it.
5	We came over to Caesar's Palace to eat at Mesa Grill but they were full so we just walked next door to Neros. We were very surprised and happy at the quality of food and service. Our waiter was a delight.We had two drinks, two appetizers, two sides, and we split the Porterhouse. The chefs split all the sides and appetizers we had so it was really nice not having to serve ourselves. The oysters came with a large amount of three different sauces. All three were good but I thought a little bit overkill on the quantity. The brocolini and mac and cheese were so good. I could have ate all the mac and cheese myself but my husband took several spoon fulls when I was stuffing the steak down. The bread basket had a roll in it that was especially good. The bill wasn't too bad for all that food. Overall, everything was good. No complaints here.
4	Nero's is among the best steak restaurants in Las Vegas, and gets a solid four stars.  I've eaten here several times over the last 7 years, and the filet mignon is consistently excellent.  The NY strip is also among the best.  Prime rib has not been as consistent.....great once, and very average on another visit.  Prices are up now, and side orders are smaller.  On my most recent visit, another member in my party had the pork chop and she gave me a sample which was seriously lacking flavor.The service though has always been five stars.
1	Worst meal I've had in years. The wait staff was attrocious - it took 30 minutes to get drinks and 45 for bread after we begged a bus boy. Then, all but one of the steaks we ordered came out over cooked. The chef and manager came by to apologize and replace the steaks, but then what they brought out was still wrong. With all of the great steak places in Vegas, I'd never go back there again. Especially with Mesa Grill right around the corner. We had lunch there and it was amazing.
2	HIGHLIGHT: clam chowder!! and the BREAD!! my uncle said this place was great so i was excited to try this place out, but it definitely did not meet my expectations. we started off with a Caesar salad which was drenched in the dressing, which wasn't appetizing at all. the soup was the best thing we ordered that night. the steak was huge, i believe i got the wet aged new york strip, which was dry and not very tasty!! from what i heard from everyone else at the table their main course was just ok as well. my mom ordered a fish entree because shes allergic to beef, but she said it was fish soaked in soy sauce and shes tasted many other things that were better. the sides we had were ok, we had the mac and cheese, the creamed spinach, asparagus...which were all mediocre. oo so what was awesome was the bread!!! i dont know if it was because of this that the food was unappetizing, but my entire family couldn't stop munching on the bread nonstop. they had a basket of three different kinds and i believe the one cheese bread was to die for. i only wish the food was as good so i could go back for both!! there are plenty other places in LAS VEGAS to get better steaks!!
3	Crab cakes were so so-shrimp in shrimp cocktail were huge but over cooked-steaks were great-souffle was good-service was stuffy.
1	At a table right now. My friend is on his third ribeye and mine was the worst cut of meat I have ever had at a restaurant. My jaws are sore from chewing the gristle. Wine is great and sides are great. But the steak Is awful and was cooked poorly - lots of char. Was Great four years ago but has gone downhill. Cutting a lot of corners now.
1	Poorest service I have ever had in my life! Never go there again. Took them 45 minutes to get a damn piece of cheesecake. How hard can it be, people! I mean really!
2	Outback is better, cheaper, and way less Stuffy.  A restaurant should start to re-examine their quality if they can sit at the last minute on friday or saturday night.  The prices are ridiculous for the quality of the food.  If I pay $50 for a filet minion, I expect for it to knock my socks off.  It was underseasoned and the outer portions were actually dry on a medium cooked steak.  We paid $18 for the mac and cheese, recommended by other yelp reviews, and the mushrooms.  I don't understand how mushrooms could be so bland, and if it was. $25 steak dinner including the mac and cheese that would have been worth it.  The mac and cheese was the most interesting thing we got and it was slightly amusing at best.  Overpriced.... stay far far far far far away from this Stuffy restaurant.  Worst meal in vegas and most expensive.
5	I did the Anniversary dinner here and do not regret it at all.  The service was first-rate and the food very good.  The Waygu steak is probably not worth the extra cash, but the aged steaks are fantastic.  Case in point, my wife ordered the bone on fillet (that's right) which was dry aged for 45 days.  This was one of the best cuts of meat the either of us has tasted in many a moon and hands down the best fillet mignon that I have ever had.I have read the reviews and have this to say.  Vegas and Caesars.  All the "problems" with this restaurant can be traced to one of those two root causes.  At least the prices keep out the "Affliction dress shirt with flip flops" crowd.BTW-Wait for your table at the Shadow Bar...
5	I had such an incredible dinner last night! The husband and I were craving steak and have heard such wonderful things about Nero's, we decided to try for ourselves. We ended up ordering five courses, splitting each one (Yea, this is what we do. What can I say, we like to try as much as possible)! We started with the seafood platter. You can tell a lot about a steakhouse with this dish. The lobster was huge, the crab legs sweet and juicy. The oysters were amazing. Everything was fresh and ice cold. I think they make the cocktail sauce there. I am not normally a cocktail sauce lover but could have eaten gallons of this stuff! We were off to a great start!Next, the foie gras. Seared, which is my favorite way to consume it (Brein says pate is his favorite...I think we had a 15 minute argument over the subject)!! Nero's serves their foie with buttery. flaky bread sauteed apples and a thick maple syrup. And a very nice size cut as well. I hate going to an upscale restaurant where the foie is smaller than my thumb! This was the size of my palm!A break from the heavy, we opted for the baby gem lettuce salad. It had a great mixture of tomatoes, boiled eggs and bacon. Plus the dressing was creamy and light. I liked the salad and would order it again (although I was thinking of the foie the entire time I ate the salad)!!!Our seafood course? Seared Barramundi with little baby squash, mushrooms and an apple curry sauce. This is a lighter fish, flaky and moist. The sauce was the highlight of the plate. I loved the combination of apple and curry.HIGHLIGHT OF THE MEAL!!!!! The Rib eye. First off it was HUGE!!! Like bigger than my head huge! Second, I have never put another thing in my mouth that could compare. The server said they dry age the meat (I normally prefer wet aged, but have changed my mind now). We ordered ours rare and it was cooked to perfection. Served still on the bone we fought over each bite. The meat was so flavorful and juicy. We ordered two sides with the steak, which were both very good. Brein got the creamed spinach and I the glazed carrots. They were cooked perfectly, not mushy like baby food. The creamed spinach had great flavor Brein pointed out later that he thought there was nutmeg in the dish. Whatever it was it popped on my tongue! All in all I really enjoyed my experience at Nero's. I will dream of that rib eye until I go back again (Which will be very, very soon)!!
2	Would def skip this place. Service was terrible, barely any employees spoke English. Took forever to get three sandwiches. Portions are def large but not would have rather gone to subway for the cost/outcome of the meal
4	1AM Vegas food...Still suffering from a hangover from earlier in the day and working on an empty stomach after a long night, wife and I decided to stop here before we headed back to our hotel room.  The place looked appealing because... well, it was 1AM and it was open.I didn't get to do the fine dining aspect of this place - I can only speak to late night causal dining - and for that, Nero's nailed it.  We were seated promptly and looked over a pretty decent late night menu - ordered the steak and eggs.  At 1Am you can't really blame a place if the crowd is weird or crazy, but it was nice and quiet here which was a very welcomed change from the earlier part of the night.  The food arrived in about 15mins and everything was perfect.  Sometimes late night breakfast can be funky, but they nailed it.  My wife had a waffle and she was pretty happy with her meal.  We both had our drinks filled plenty of times and the staff was very friendly.  I'd definitely like to do late night breakfast here again - nice way to end the day... or start it.
1	Horrible food and service. Only went here to eat b/c it was late at night. Service was slowwwww. OMG I had the french onion soup and almost threw up. We ordered fish and chips, wings w fries and steak w/ crab legs. The best thing there was the fries. Its kind of hard to mess up fries. I would never go back here to eat.
1	Can't rate their food; however, their service is a turn off. We were looking for a quick (to go) breakfast for our kids and this place had omelets - exactly what the kids wanted. The host told us that they cannot make it to go (something about not having space to store the boxes! )When we asked to see the manager (no scandal, just wanted to ask for an exception for the kids) and after waiting for him/her for 10 minutes, we left with nothing. The host informed us that we are on the back if his line of people that want to see him.I'd expect better from a place in Caesars Palace.
5	Great meal in a new place for me.  I ended a west coast trip by driving to Vegas with my boss.  Got to see Hoover Dam, do a bit of gambling and go to his favorite spot.He did not steer me wrong, had a great steak here.  All around a terrific meal.  Come here when you in Vegas if you want a pricey but delicious steak.  You will enjoy it.You can bet on it.
1	This place has finally closed! Good riddance!
2	Good service but if you advertise a breakfast as a healthy one, actually HAVE the whole wheat toast as mentioned. Bizarre.
3	Let me preface what I'm about to say with this:  I'm 35 years old and until eating here I had never sent back a steak in my life. I love steak. I can eat it just about any way you make it. ordered the lollipop bone in ribeye (77 dollars and their signature cut). It was cooked perfectly on the inside but the outside was so burned crispy all I could taste was char burned steak. It was seriously inedible. My date had an 8 ounce filet, which was fantastic. I ended up sharing it with her. The clam chowder was awesome. Some of the best I've ever had. The mashed potatoes were good as was the Mac n cheese. Service was above average. Won't go back.
