1	Please save your money from this resturant. The service is horrible. Took us forever just to get our nachos and when we got our pizza, we just lost our appetite. Our waiter took like 15 mins. just to refill our sodas. Their pizza isn't all that great. Nacho servings are enormous though. If you ever wander at hooters casino, just wait for a table at hooters resturant.
3	Okay, okay, the service here bites the big one. One time,  I came in here just to order a single milk shake. Costing around $5, I expected something magical. And we waited for this magical milkshake for about 10 minutes, before I asked the boy who I'd ordered and paid for the milk shake from about it again. He goes, "OH!" and runs in the back and produces said milkshake 20 seconds later. He'd just forgotten immediately after I ordered it, and stood there behind the counter, gazing at us, smiling. Oh, and it was really small. Just a little plastic cup with mooshy chocolate ice cream in it. You know ... it was a lot like a small Frosty.BUT ... the Dam Breakfast (WHY DON'T WEB SITES PUT PRICES ON THEIR MENUS I'LL KILL 'EM) is so good and so much food. It comes with three eggs, awesome seasoned taters, bacon* or sausage or pork, and biscuits 'n gravy, pancakes, or toast.I tried the eggs Benedict once there, which was so-so. The sauce just didn't have any taste at all -- it didn't serve its purpose. I did notice that the portions are insanely huge. The steak salad? My friend had to climb over it to talk to me.I have no problem eating here, especially for their breakfast. I just know better than to expect star service.*The bacon is unlike any I've ever had before. It's like it's candied. It's so bleeping good.
5	On a hot summer night, after walking several miles (from the Gold Coast, if you believe that) down to the strip and on and on, my buddy and I started getting hungry.  I'm talking the kind of cartoon hungry where one guy starts picturing the other guy as a steak...or a hamburger...or a hot dog (easy there, big fella)?  Well, it was like that.We got so desperate that I actually called my wife and asked her where we should go eat (she's always in front of the computer, so I knew she would be able to hook me up).  I was admittedly disappointed when she recommended Hooters.  "They have great buffalo shrimp," she said.  I'm like, "Uh great. Thanks for nothing."So, we went there anyway, but the wait for the Hooters restaurant was something like 2 1/2 hours.  I'm thinking, of course, wtf?? I mean, I can understand waiting 2 1/2 hours for Hooters in Grand Rapids, MI where there's nothing else to do (and the waitresses are FANTASTIC, btw; I've been there), but in Vegas, where top notch cleavage is not exactly hard to find?We decided to bail and ended up at the DAM restaurant next door which had no wait whatsoever.  We both ordered sandwiches.  I don't even remember what they were, because last minute, my buddy says to me, "You want some nachos?"  I'm pretty go-with-the-flow, so I agreed, but then he said, "How about these barbequed pork nachos?"I reluctantly agreed.  I'm not  a big fan of barbequed pork.  It's generally too sweet, too fatty, and, to be perfectly honest, the moment he said "nachos", I got my mouth already for some ground beef, beans, etc.Well, I was wrong.  When the ABSOLUTE MOUNTAIN of nachos appeared at our table, I knew I did the right thing by not fighting my friend's urge for the pork.  They looked delicious.  There was tons of pork, and, well, everything.  What made them, though, was the sauce.  It was a spicy, not-too-sweet sauce that packed something of a wallop.  There was WAY too much for 2 people to eat. I don't even think we touched our sandwiches.Best of all, this plate of nachos was like 9 bucks.  It would have easily fed 4 people. Easily.  I'm not one to go just for big portions.  Granted, this was a giant heap of food, but it was also top notch.  This was easily the best pub fair entree, appetizer or menu item that I have ever had.  Ever.  It's probably in the top 10 things I've ever eaten anywhere (assuming we're just talking about food).
1	I know that I'm not the first to put down that the service in this joint sucks.. But I want to be the first to say service really really really really really sucks. And the food man I could care less if the food was good. Anyways, I've been here maybe 3 times: Once I didn't make it past the line cause 1 I don't like waiting and two I don't like rude people. The second time, oh the second time... we waited, we sat, and we go this Fran Dressier sounding waitress, it was like a game show whenever we ordered something she told us it was WRONG! She even made a GawdDamn Buzzer noise... So of course we all ended up ordering the same thing.... or not..Cause we all got a bit ticked the eff off and we all left - Hooters were next door and oh yeah the restuarant too..and how can you order wrong at hooters? Anyways the last time and final time I actually made it in and actually ordered something and actually ate there, I had a broke friend drooling all over my prime rib so the experience was not that great either..I say I don't like this place so much that you should take it off your list of places to go eat... ever... in your entire life... that bad.. I'd rather chew on a towel in my hotel room cause at least they will come give you new towels 10 mins after you call room service. As a matter of fact stay away from that hotel all together. It's beat like an old rug and probably already loaded with dynamite to be demolished but some hooter chick stumbled in -  with a bunch of chicken wings...I say nay to El Hooters Hotel.NO NO and NO
2	i remember coming here after a night of clubbing at Rumjungle at the Mandalay bay. So that was probably about 4 in the morning. Service was okay, not the best. Especially if they have to serve a bunch of drunk people. i was craving for hooters chicken, was surprised that they serve it here too. Was satisfied with the food, well when your drunk, anything is good to you, haha. Oh yah and this place is open 24 hrs.
