5	Dr. Insera is great.  He never pushes you to come in too often when it is not needed.  He has told me that I did have a case of the "too longs"  though, which was true.  I go every 2 weeks and that does the trick.  See him, you'll thank him.
5	Dr. Insera is awesome. I'm glad that I went here. He makes you fell at home. They staff is very friendly and helpful
5	Dr. Insera is great and personable!!  For years I had lower back/hip pain.  I had gone to another chiropractor years ago and something didn't feel right on the last visit so I never went back.  From the previous Yelp reviews I thought I would try Ideal Chiropractic.  Dr. Insera had me move this way and that.  From that he determined that my hip was out of place.  He was able to put it back into place.  Amazing! I could actually touch my toes after wards! I now feel much better now and rarely need to go back.  He doesn't make you come back unless you really need or feel too!Check him out!  I would make an appointment though he does stay pretty busy!
5	Completely agree with the positive reviews. Dr Insera is very personable and does a super job as a chiropractor. Takes the time to completely check out your body for issues. As a runner, he also understands my post run/race needs. Highly recommended and I've been through a bunch of them!
5	Shaun is the Dr. that I have been seeing at this practice and without a doubt, he is the BEST Chiropractor I have ever been to (and, I have seen quite a few). He takes his time and evaluates your situation on EACH visit.  I often refer to my visits as a "religious experience" and I look forward to my appointments because I feel absolutely awesome when I leave this place. I don't have any issues that are causing me problems....I just believe in keeping your body in balance and this seems to do the trick for me!!!!
5	Dr. Insera and his staff have been a light at the end of a dark tunnel. If anyone knows what neck and migraine pain are then you'll know what I mean. I have been going to see dr. Jason since 2001. My migraines are induced by physical activity in the cervical region. I have a very physical career and I don't wait for anyone's help when it comes to "getting it done". Many moms know what I mean. So because of my life and career, I have suffered. I know that for a fact, that without dr. Jason and his ability to manipulate my body back to the correct positions, I might have not been able to deal with the pain through the years. Dr. Sean is a new addition to the Ideal family and we have all been adjusted by him, he is a great listener and honestly wants to know exactly where it hurts and how can he make it better. Both of the docs are very friendly and the staff are super nice. Jerry has always been very helpful in squeezing me in when I can't take the pain anymore. They take most insurance and the cash pay prices are really accommodating. Easy access location and in the same space since opening day.
5	I have been a patient of Dr. Jason for over 12 years.  He is the BEST!  After years of lower back pain from football and after seeing multiple chiros, Dr. Jason was the only one who helped me.  I HIGHLY recommend Ideal Chiropractic to anyone looking for an honest and knowledgable chiropractor...!  5 stars!
