5	I've been here twice and have had nothing but fun, fun, and more fun creating my art both times. I've only done the glass fusing but they also offer pottery painting. The space in the shop is great - walls lined with pottery pieces galore to paint as well as glass fusing pieces made by the staff to inspire artistically-challenged customers like myself. There is a cozy room for private parties or events. The staff members are all smiley, knowledgeable of the crafts, awesome at helping out and providing ideas if needed. *Look for Shannon w the purple hair. She is fantastic w the glass fusing! The price points for the products are not bad - 4 glass pendants (necklace, w/o chain though) for $25, 6 glass pendants (bracelet) for $29. If you sign up for the email list you get coupons that sweeten the deal even more ($5 off, $10 off during your birthday month, etc). Even though this studio is a trek for me (20 miles), I don't mind burning up the gas in my car every now and then for this place - especially for their Ladies Night Out events at which they provide apps and wine and all you pay for is what you make. I mean, hello?! Looking forward to my next visit to Art Space Studio.
3	I've been here a few times and it's hit and miss. Some associates are super nice and attentive. Others...not so much and you are left on your own or asking tons of questions. The store is cute, lots of ideas and finished items to inspire. The prices are a tad higher than other places I've been.  And again, sometimes I'd get frustrated with the lack of assistance offered. But when you get a good associate, it's a great place to create memorable products.PS- great place for infant feet and hands prints!
5	Great place to have a fun night out and create some awesome memories and art work.  We have a family tradition of going there a couple of times a year to create pieces as my son grows older.  They have a full selection of lots of creative pieces you won't find anywhere else.  They also have a private room for ladies nights out or kids birthday parties.  I definitely recommend you give it a try and you'll be hooked.
5	I echo the review below that the associates can make the visit truly memorable. I've had both sides of the coin. That said....guys, if you are looking for a fun date idea, something different...DO IT!!! Trust me...a great ice breaker+you pick your piece up a week later so hopefully a second date.Dads of little girls...you too must do this too! Especially if you are a single dad. Get messy with your little princess+you'll have something she made on your shelf. (Chixfila before and Cold Stone after and you've got a whole afternoon planned)
5	Art Space Studio is one of our favorite places to go for family fun.  We have created tons of pieces and have created wonderful memories in this studio.  We love how personable Hillary and her staff are!  Best studio in town!
