1	Beware - SCAM! - Deceptive shady practices You may be lured in by an offer of $29 for a cleaning / inspection / xray as I was.After you arrive, you are processed quickly, x-rays are taken effectively, and staff are pleasant -but that's where the fun ends.A dentist will come and "inspect" you, which of course, no mouth is perfect. You will be pushed into other services hard. You will decline because you know you are an adult, and you do not want braces. This isn't your first time to the dentist after all, you're aware what needs work. Then you are told, congratulations, you have no cavities. Then you are told they will come back to you with a breakdown for your cleaning.Then instead of $29, you are told it will be $191 per quadrant (x4) = $764 or something to this effect. Why? Because an "advanced" cleaning is necessary. You ask, well, can I just have the basic cleaning? You are told no, you cannot, because you need the advanced. Really? So the basic would do me no good you ask? They say, no, then you are given a very bad analogy that makes no sense. Then they ask if you want to go ahead, and you say, um, no thanks. They ask if you want a copy of the paper work, and you'll likely say, no thanks, I'm never coming back.I have little patience for scams like this. Don't make claims or offers and then not stand behind them. I'm most annoyed I drove there & wasted my time, and the worst thing is, I should have known better - any dentist with windows overlooking the beautiful ambiance of the Carl's Jr. parking lot can't be that good can it?Beware, AVOID AT ALL COSTS, DO NOT GO - go to a reputable dentist who is upfront and doesn't play scam games.
1	I will never go back to this Dentist again. I had the same problem as the previous few people that wrote reviews. They even refuse to do the basic cleaning and try and get you to fill out some forms. I walked out of my appt and will not be back. I got a second opinion at another dentist and everything is fine. Waste of money. Aside from that I called to get quotes on the service that they suggested and most dentists do not charge that type of money. So all in all I got no cleaning and still had to pay the same price. DO NOT GO TO THIS DENTIST!
