5	Without a doubt one of the nicest places I have ever had the pleasure of laying my head......having wine and cheese.......or breakfasting.The Inn on Negley is gorgeously appointed.  The individual rooms, all named for varieties of apple, are spectacular.  We were in the lovely Northern Spy.  The bed was wonderfully comfortable, the linens unbelievably soft and luxurious.  L'Occitane bath products smelled divine.  The Shadyside neighborhood outside of downtown is quiet but still conveniently located to all the Pittsburgh doings.Breakfast each morning, cooked by the hospitable Chef Jackie, is pure pleasure.  Each night on your pillow a menu card appears; check off what you'd like in the morning, what time you'll be eating, and drop it off in the dining room.  The next day, Jackie is ready and waiting with a fresh fruit plate, the pastry of the day, and fantastically strong and flavorful coffee.  Omelets and fritattas are made with local produce and eggs.  Irish oatmeal is served with milk from a nearby creamery.  Toast bread changes daily but is always whole-grain and delicious.  Breakfast meats are lean and filling.  Afternoons, iced tea and cookies are set out, and in the evenings wine and cheese served.  Enjoy them in a rocker on the front porch, relaxing on the back deck retreat, or in the privacy of your room.  Staff is not only eminently professional, but warm and gracious.  Heidi at the front desk was beyond helpful in making suggestions for what to do in the city or where to eat (I will be forever indebted to her for recommending what was probably our best meal of the trip at Soba).  If you ever find yourself in Pittsburgh, lodgings can't get much better than the Inn on Negley.That's probably sufficient gushing.
5	Pittsburgh has a Four Seasons!From Paris to Shanghai, London to Bangkok, the care with which this little B&B operation is run in Pittsburgh exceeds the best that I have experienced in any of these cities.It may not have the conference facilities of a larger hotel, the business center, or in-house spa, but as a B&B, this is about as good as it gets. The structure in which the whole thing is held (do we call it a 'house'?) is old (perhaps we could say it generically to be 'victorian') with decor to match. These are far from our tastes, but they compensate (in our eyes) by taking good care of what they have. The TVs aren't even old flat screens, but they do stock the rooms thoroughly with l'occitane.Where this place really shines is in the staff and the food. I actually find this aspect to be _better_ or even _much_ better than many celebrated big-city five-star properties. When was the last time that the night staff pulled some food from the refrigerator (gratis) after a midnight arrival caused by flight delays?They make everything in-house and it is all extraordinary. On this last visit, I indulged in their traditional french toast with a side of eggs. I forgot that this all includes an additional course in advance with fruit (not just big grocery store chucks of melon) and house-made cookies and muffins. On each visit, they mix these up. For this December visit, they did gingerbread cookies (of course). The Chef (Jackie), from NYC, could be gainfully employed high up the hierarchy of any top big-city restaurant.There is no elevator, so either pack light if you want a room on the 3rd floor or choose a 1st or 2nd floor room. The 1st floor room has double doors so I didn't find it any noisier than the others. You are in a city and on a reasonably busy street, so don't expect the charming home to be continued into a surrounding yard (although they do have an attractive new deck out back).
1	Went to a High Tea here on Sunday.  Although the setting was lovely and the staff was welcoming, the food was nothing special, in fact, it was bad.  We were served three tea sandwiches:  egg salad, which was bland (I make a better version at home), chicken salad, nothing special either, and then a delicious spinach-artichoke bite.  Unfortunately, it was the size of a quarter, it was literally a bite.  But it was the best part of the meal!!!  (I don't think the size of all three of the sandwiches put together was as big as one piece of white bread).We were offered two types of scones:  cranberry and eggnog.   Neither was anything special, eggnog had absolutely no taste whatsoever!Then, the pastries:  we were served a gingerbread cupcake which was fine--nothing like Vanilla Pastry Shop!  A pumpkin torte, again, fine.  And a chocolate mousse/brownie bite with a raspberry and candy cane on top--it was dry as a bone!  It looked as if it was on it's last legs--chocolate was turning white, mouse separated from brownie.  Yuck.  Oh yeah--I had a delicious tea from Harney and Sons (used to be sold at the Grand Floridian High Tea in Disney World), cinnamon spice!!!  Unfortunately, when I asked for more tea, they gave me new hot water and the same old tea bag! I've gone to various teas so I feel I can give a good comparison.  Not impressed at all!  Will not go back there, ever!
4	I met a friend for high tea on a weekday so we were the only ones there which we didn't mind at all given that we both brought our two year old children. We were served by Chef Jackie who I found to be friendly and informative. I was very impressed with the large selection of tea that included both loose and bagged options. We were told we could try as many as we wanted. I must admit I was a little disappointed with the quantity of sandwiches given. We were served an egg salad sandwich, a ham with avocado, and a take on a BLT which was bacon, tomato, and julienned spinach on top served on a piece of French bread. I wanted more. The second plate had fresh fruit and two scones- citrus and vanilla cream. Both were delicious but small in size. The final plate had a brownie, sponge cake, and small cupcake. Everything was delicious but I would have rather have had another sandwich or two over the last plate and larger scones. All of this cost $21pp.
4	Absolutely adorable!  On my quest to be a refined English lady I've been on a hunt for the cities best high tea service.  Probably not the most popular past time, but you can't knock it until you've tried it!  And... You MUST try this place!This is a proper setting for such an event, you almost feel like you need white gloves and a parasol!  And surprise, the Inn is actually an Inn!  Apparently it dates back to the olden days of yore (late 1800's) and is one of those old Shadyside mansions that was converted into an Inn at some point.  But if you have relatives who want something more unique in the heart of a vibrant Burgh neighborhood, I'd suggest here!Let's get to the tea service though!  It's served from noon to four daily, which is nice for a "ladies who lunch afternoon" or a Saturday or Sunday outing for mom.  It's in a parlor, which is small but charming.  There's also an outdoor patio that would be nice if it's not too hot out (drinking hot tea in 80 degrees isn't too appealing).  There's a full High Tea Service for $20 per person, which seems a little steep, but for tea service isn't too bad.  There's also other combo's for around $12, but I'd say go big or go home!The tea menu is VERY large and there were tons of choices. They give you the main choices between black, green and herbal, but you can also blend them together too.  I chose the caramel vanilla, which I guess is being taken off the menu sadly.  It was delish though... so maybe they'll bring it back at some point.  There were honestly a lot of different ones I would have been more than happy with too!The one thing I think is very cool and very different is that they offer you a different tea selections with the different tiers of food.  I've never heard of them doing that before.  Usually you get one tea choice and that's it.  I love that you can pair the foods together with different teas for no up-charge.  Very unique and a definite perk of coming here.  I've been to several High Tea Services and this one would definitely be on the light side.  The portions were small, but surprisingly filled me up for the entire afternoon until a later dinner.  I mean, it's tea service, not a five course meal!  There was a chicken and egg salad sandwich and a mushroom and cream cheese on a crisp baguette.  The winner was absolutely the mushroom and cream cheese choice.  It was amazing and I definitely could have eaten ten of those!  There were two scone choices of blueberry/peach and lemon/lemon ginger.  Those were actually surprisingly tiny.  I thought they were both moist and fresh, but I would have loved them to be a bit bigger because they were so good and I love to slather clotted cream on them!   Oh, and there was also fresh fruit.  Which is great and all, but more scone please!The last tier was the desserts.  Forgive me for not being accurate enough, but there was a delicious chocolate piece, cheesecake with lemon curd and blueberries.  Loved the chocolate, but I like my cheesecake plain.  While it was good it wasn't life changing.  BUT, the coconut macaroon was honestly thee best macaroon I had EVER had.  Again, ten of those in my possession would have been scarfed down in like 5 seconds.  I would buy a batch of those if I could!  Seriously, can I??I can't wait to bring my mom here, total mom place fo sho!  But I also love it for myself too!  Or for a bridal shower... If I could do another one (since I'm married I don't think that's proper).  But it's a great place, that's what I'm trying to say and I'll for sure be back to get my proper English lady on!
4	I was the lucky birthday girl at a surprise High Tea party for eight at The Inn on Negley.  The service is as good as it gets.  We placed our first tea order (you can change it up however many times you like!) then the chef came out to explain the food she had made.  For our first tier we had chicken salad sandwich, egg salad sandwich, and cucumber dill crostini things.  The second tier had two types of scones and cantaloupe slices.  The third tier was mini cupcakes, brownies, and strawberries and cream sandwich type things.  Even though the food did not look like a lot it really was filling.     The atmosphere was beautiful and comfortable.  Not stuffy or too formal at all.  We felt comfortable having a good time while being ultra ladylike.  The place settings were very pretty and just what I expected.  The only reason I did not give The Inn on Negley 5 stars is that some of the food was better than others.  The egg salad sandwich was dry, bland and the bread was a bit stale.  The chicken salad sandwich, however, was the BEST chicken salad I've ever had.  High Tea is definitely worth the experience at The Inn on Negley!  I'd love to go back and stay in a room for a little close to home treat some day.
4	The attention to detail at the Inn on Negley is simply impeccable! We had high tea here a couple of days before Christmas, and it was everything we hoped it would be! The overall experience put us in a festive mood and we look forward to going back again in the future! The service was outstanding, the tea delicious, and the Christmas decorations were quite lovely. The tea sandwiches, scones and desserts are why I gave the rating of four out of five stars. They were good, but could have been a tad more tasty. I agree with another review on here that the bread on the tea sandwiches was a little stale. We enjoyed the scones, but they could have had a little more flavor to them. And I would have preferred a different dessert choice other than a small heart shaped sugar cookie, which went along with a bite of gingerbread cake and a chocolate truffle. All in all, we went for the experience and the Inn on Negley more than delivered! The innkeepers were there and were very friendly and gracious. We took a tour of the inn, which is one of the original Shadyside mansions, and the rooms were elegant and filled with beautiful antiques. Again, the attention to detail in each room is like no other. I would love to stay there one day! We will definitely be back for tea in the future!
4	This place is adorable and quaint. It's a former house turned into a bed and breakfast plus a restaurant. I had brunch here. The staff was clearly very well trained and put a lot of effort into the details, while retaining it's cozy, intimate, homey feel. The food was also quality.
5	Amazing!I recently hosted my friend's bridal shower here and everything was absolutely perfect!  Heidi went above and beyond helping me plan from 3 hours away, including taking pictures of the tea room and promptly responding to my many many emails. The Inn itself is gorgeous, and the staff was extremely professional and accommodating. A++++!!!
5	just returned from a three day weekend at the inn with 12 sorority sisters from around the country.  It is understandable why the inn gets such rave reviews.  From the extraordinary service of the staff which was both accommodating AND anticipating, to the beautifully furnished and outfitted rooms  (I stayed in the Braeburn on the first floor which was large, comfortable, and filled with light), to the delicious breakfasts, it was an outstanding experience all around.  I am thrilled to spread the word and recommend your inn without reservation.
4	I had afternoon tea here and I find the scones unique because of the fruit used in scones. Service was good as well and a fair selection of teas. I would def be back when I'm in Pittsburgh!
4	I've never had the pleasure of staying here but this is where my boyfriends mom stays when she is in town. They've been very nice to accommodate my boyfriend and I even though we are not staying so I've had a few breakfasts here. They food is always delicious- usually a sweet or savory option plus a classic eggs, toast, meat, bread. The French toast is delicious. The bacon is so yummy crispy delicious. Coffee here is really good! They have a beautiful back patio and a station with coffee and tea out all the time. So I've spent a few afternoons enjoying that. All the staff has been very gracious to us.
5	What a wonderful location!  My sister's future MIL hosted her bridal shower here and with 11 people, we had our own private room.  It was tastefully decorated and beautiful.  The Inn on Negley also has a private parking lot in the back meant for their guests but street parking is plentiful around there, as well.The tea room is simply gorgeous and the variety of tea is plentiful and delicious!  They even had a blue & yellow tea for us (the bride's wedding colors) and I loved the fact that we could request a different type of tea the second time around.  The food was delicious from the cucumber finger sandwiches to the apricot scones.What a lovely spot for afternoon tea and I look forward to returning again to Pittsburgh - may want to stay there next time!
5	I requested a stay at the Inn on Negley when traveling on business back to Pittsburgh.  I lived in town for 5 years and had not had an opportunity to return in more years than that I am afraid. This place was just what I needed. I sought a more personal experience than a canned commercial hotel could offer.I was so grateful to get to stay in this pristine, classy, comfortable Inn. The staff was welcoming, sweet, helpful, and kind. The room was lovely. The best part was waking up in the morning! Breakfast made me feel like a queen on her birthday. The food was perfect. Gorgeous and delicious. The carefully cut fresh fruit salad, coffee, french toast option, and housemade pastries were top shelf! The  creative meals and fresh ingredients were professionally planned, carefully prepared, and out of this world! I bought my host a gift certificate for brunch in thanks just so he could share in how fabulous the treatment is. I'd return in a heartbeat.
5	Went for brunch with a group of ladies and we had a great time!  The inn is really lovely and it's a great if you want to try something new or different for brunch!Service is impeccable and the whole atmosphere is just so elegant!  The brunch service is basically a four course meal: fruit, breads, entree, dessert!  And you also have you choice of juices, coffee and/or tea!All the things we tried were delicious!  There were so many things, I can barely remember.  They also serve Afternoon Tea, which I'm sure is fabulous!!! So, that's definitely next on my list!
5	First time having Afternoon tea time in the States. This place is very beautifully decorated. We had the Earl Grey and peach ginger tea. They were really good and the tea stand was AMAZING
5	We absolutely loved our stay at the Inn on Negley!! There is so much to review and not enough space to do it. We stayed in the Cortland suite which was so comfortable and quiet. It was a room off by itself which I was unaware of at the time of booking. That made it so much better. The bed was extremely comfortable, the bathroom was spacious and the decor was spectacular. The only part I didn't quite like was the street noise early in the morning. The breakfast was insanely good with so many choices other than the typical continental. There were eggs, belgian waffles, pancakes, etc to choose from. Each morning breakfast began with a cup of fresh cut up fruit and a freshly baked pastry. The service was perfect with the proper amount of attention without being too invasive. The staff was one of the most polite and courteous I've ever encountered. Thank you so much for making our stay perfect. I hope to visit again some day.
