5	Great last minute appointment.  Looking a little pale from the winter in New York.  Thanks for making it look real.
5	Got a great spray tan from Donna. She's very professional and had good suggestions as to the right color for my skin tone. She was very throrough and my color looks very natural and even. She was very flexible on scheduling, which was appreciated also.  Price was good too.  I am very happy with my service.
5	What a lifesaver! The day before the wedding Donna fit us both in, the bride and the maid of honor for a last minute spray tan. She was nice, professional, cheap, and did a great job!
5	Donna was great! Her spray tanning is so much better than the chains, plus she is mobile! Doesn't orange,  looks great and so easy. she is very professional and thorough she wont miss a spot. I will be a repeat customer.
5	Great spray tan experience! Donna is super nice and professional. I went to her home because it was close and I would prefer that to a shop. I would definitely recommend her for your next spray tan!
5	Donna was fantastic! I didn't turn orange like all the other spray tanning places does. At first I was scared to get a spray tan since I saw a lot of girls orange at an event. Although, Donna reassured me that I wouldn't turn orange, red, or whatever other color. I was still a little shaky about being spray tanned. However, the finished product was GREAT! I love my tan! I'm just trilled with my new look. The best part is that she's mobile. She also does a lot of other stuff like waxing and eyelash tinting. I just love Donna she's so friendly, precise, and professional. Overall, I would defiantly recommend Donna for spray tanning and other needs.
5	Donna was excellent. Very professional and the color is great. On vacation in Las Vegas and needed a spray tan. She was the only business who answered on Easter Sunday. Very impressed with my tan and Donna.  Thanks a  bunch.
5	Donna was great! Her spray tanning is so much better than the chains, plus she is mobile! Doesn't orange,  looks great and so easy.  You can do it anywhere and it won't make a mess.  Thanks Donna!
5	Ok, this was a last minute desperate call at 430pm& I was stuck at my hotel & was getting married down the strip at 8.Donna saved the day by coming to my room in TI& in no time she popped up her tan tent & did " her thang"I felt comfortable by donna& she made a very self conscious chick feel relaxed & stressfree...btw im a spazz naturally!The results were far better than I could imagine& I didnt have that orangey oompa loompa color! I never got so many compliments& positive comments regarding my skin, hair, face..." What did you do different, u looking good"My only complaint if at all is that I would want the bronze to last longer!:(Plus- Great deal for costsalon wanted to charge $159. For the exact same thing
5	I needed an emergency spray tan before my sisters wedding and Donna did a great job! She was so flexible and was able to accommodate my last minute request! Now she does my bikini wax and my eyelashes and I just love the way they look!! I highly recommend her!
5	I was in Las Vegas with some friends and needed a spray tan.  I found Donna online and she came to my hotel that day and gave me a spray tan.  Donna did an amazing job and I have yet to find a spray tan that even comes close. Donna is professional nice and makes you feel totally comfortable with the experience.  I highly recommend Donna to anyone who needs a tan.
5	Donna replied to my enquiry very promptly &  was able to come to my hotel & spray me the following day as per my request. Very reliable & the tan was a gorgeous, dark colour. Thanks Donna =)
5	i came in to this tanning salon and the service was excellent. best service i ever received. my tan came out excellent with no lines at all.  so if you need a great tan and the prices are outstanding come here and you will be completely satisfied.from sean van horn
5	this is the best place and service to get a spray tan.fast - and looks great .i highley recommend this place to everyone
5	Donna came to our hotel room last night and gave us our best spray tan experience ever! Woke up this morning with a completely flawless tan. Happy happy happy!! She was on time and was so professional. I will for sure use her again when I visit Las Vegas. I highly recommend her!
5	I am from Denver and didn't know where to go get spray tanned for our wedding! Donna came to our room and was the best spray tan I ever had! She was also friendly and professional! I would definitely see her again when we are in Vegas! Thanks Donna!!!
