4	Outside this place looked like any other chain restaurant.   Inside a very very pleasant surprise.  It was amazingly beautiful.  Service was great.  They kept refilling my water.  I also ordered this chicken with broccoli and it was delicious.  They gave me so much broccoli I loved it.   Anyhowz I would definitely recommend this place to anybody.  Great chain restaurant if it is one.
5	Charleston's... Where to begin. We happened upon this place mostly by accident. It shares a parking lot with Texas Roadhouse which is a great steakhouse but because of that fact, at any given time it's extremely crowded. We had planned on hitting Texas Roadhouse for dinner before catching a movie at the nearby Mesa Grand AMC Theater. However, as is always the case it was packed, and we were told it was a 45 minute wait. Seeing Charleston's across the way, we said why not? Upon entering the place we were surprised to see how well done the interior was. Classy, with dark wood and stone accents and lit just well enough to maintain an intimate atmosphere. Each table is lit by candles and soft overhead lighting. Up until recently it had some real smooth Jazz playing in the background (which has regrettably been replaced with easy listening/pop fare in an effort to attract a younger crowd).All of the wait staff male or female is dressed in black slacks and black shirts which may sound pretentious but only adds to the ambiance in practice. They are, in general, extraordinarily attentive and quick to serve. On most weekends, the management helps bring out food, refill drinks and make sure everything is satisfactory. Nice touch. Now on to the food... oh the food! I have yet to eat a meal that was less than excellent no matter what I order but my favorite is the Baby Back Ribs and Herb Chicken combo. It's a huge plate of food, and it comes complete with garlic mashed potatoes and I opt out on the bbq beans in exchange for the glazed carrots. You MUST eat the glazed carrots if nothing else... I do not like carrots at all mind you, but these I could eat all day until my skin turned orange.Aside from the carrots, the herb chicken is actually a half a chicken seasoned perfectly and very succulent. I've scoured the internets trying to find the recipe for this bird and it's nowhere to be found. I'm considering a part time stint at this place just long enough to poach the recipe or at least watch the chef do it. Delicious. Sub out the potatoes for the fries (they're crispy, and salt & peppered) and you won't be disappointed either. It's never as crowded as the neighboring Roadhouse, but to me that's a good reason to check it out. It's great.Tip: Check out their menu on the web before you go. It'll give you an idea of the kind of food they have in store for you.
3	When you walk in, it's dark and relaxing. The atmosphere is nice, quiet, with alot of dark wood highliting the place. The food is good, but be careful because the price can add up quickly. This will always be a restaurant I go to, with burgers and steaks and spinach dip. The best way to think of this place, is a lower grade of Houstons. It's almost there, but not quite.
5	For starters the atmosphere of Charlestons may be my favorite of any restaurant. Its very dark and relaxing, but there is just enough light at the table to read the menu and eat your food. everything from the brick walls to the tables and chairs are made from dark wood, dark brick, dark leather, and even the wait staff wear all black with no logos, so its almost as if they aren't there and just blend into the background, which I'm sure is an intentional and smart idea. The menu is small, but i have had various items on it from the steak sandwich, The Ribs, Chicken Fried Steak and the Burger and they are all worthy of the 5 star.  the sides are also delicious. its a bit pricey but you get plenty of high quality food for your dollar. If you want a nice, quiet, relaxing and delicious meal, i highly suggest Charleston's.
5	When I was pregnant with my daughter, this place had the only food I could hold down.  Love their steak and garlic mashed potatoes!  They have the best house salad I've ever had, and the croissant is fantastic.  They have great service.  Can be pricey, but totally worth it.  I'd pick it over Texas Roadhouse everytime (which is how we ended up there in the first place!)
4	Surprisingly good... unassuming exterior, unique decor, excellent service with well-seasoned, hot food. We had lunch on a Saturday, a gamble due to the lack of patrons, I guess. We ordered the spinach-artichoke dip, served hot with light and crispy chips, sour cream and fresh salsa. Beer served cold, poured at the table in an iced glass... Blackened chicken on the Caesar salad was actually spicy, served hot on cold greens, broccoli cooked al dente. After dinner coffee a little weak but the bread pudding was spectacular- no exaggerating. Decently priced, don't be put off by the plain-jane menu.
5	Count on Charleston's for top-notch food, service, and ambience.I have visited this location at least a half dozen times, so I can attest to their consistency. My favorite dish is the Honey Lime Chicken Salad, which is light and tasty. It comes with a somewhat sticky (from a baked-on glaze) but amazing croissant. I'd prefer if they'd offer a half portion since it's a huge meal, and it doesn't survive to the next day.Other menu items that my friends rave about are the pork chops, garlic mashed potatos, soups (especially the potato), burgers and chicken strips. Going to Charleston's reminds me of visiting an old Chicago steakhouse. It has a dark, rich decor with lots of wood and leather. Even though the room seems dark, the table is well lit, giving customers a sense of intimacy.The service is outstanding. The staff all work together, gliding quietly past tables clearing dishes and filling drinks. They are non-intrusive but anytime I look like I want my server, someone quickly appears to help me. There's definitely no "where's my waitress?" syndrome here.
5	We had a great meal here. The rigatoni bolonese was what I had and it was excellent. Service was top notch.
4	Delicious and love the atmosphere, been going there for 6 years and it is just awesome. They have a salad that comes with chopped egg, bacon and more, try that with the Thousand Island dressing, mmmmm. The 2 things I love to order most, Chicken Fried Steak and Prime Rib...They have Coca Cola and keep you full at all times!!!The best thing on the menu is actually a side item, The brandy mushrooms, wow!
4	Always good and it has a very nice atmosphere, especially for the price. The steaks are good and you can't wrong with anything that comes with one of their croissants. Great service as well.
5	One of my favorite restaurants by far! Some of my favorite dishes: shrimp cargot, chicken fried steak, and potato soup. I also enjoy their carmelized carrots and mashed potatoes..both to die for!
4	I know you die hard yelpers think chain restaurants are EVIL, but I have never had a bad meal here. The glazed carrots are as "sweet as yams" but makes you think your eating healthy... Cause there carrots.
5	Good food, arrives hot, service is spectacular!
4	Great atmosphere, amazing sellections, good prices.  Very friendly staff.  Willing to accommodate even the most difficult of vegan diets.  Thumbs UP!I had the Chicken Marsalla.  It was good, but not the best I've had.  The portions are nice size.  I have nothing negative to say about them.
1	I used to LOVE this place.  Now I am very disappointed, for one there is no vegetarian item on the menu that are not a side dish.  Also when ordering things and making them vegetarian they seemed really bothered by it.  Lastly they broke my husbands debit card and didn't say anything about it, how sad is that.  I was really disappointed by the whole meal, from start to finish.  Will not be back.
5	this place is fabulous there Hawaiian steak was the best we have only been here once and we came here only because the steak place across from them was crowded but we will be back for sure the food is great and very reasonable prices for the quality of service and food
5	This is one of my favorite places to get what I think is the best Prime Rib in the valley. The service is always very friendly and efficient and the atmosphere is lends itself perfectly to couples looking for a little romance. Everything is a bit pricey but worth every penny. When you order Prime Rib you get a salad and a choice of two sides. Plus their spinach dip is awesome!
4	Excellent food and friendly staff.
4	We come here for lunch quite often. Attentive staff... great food. Their daily fish selection is pretty good, but I wish they'd bring back the Halibut. Sides and salads are plenty. Everything is seasoned to perfection. Food always arrives in a timely manner.
5	I come here quite often and it never disappoints. I have had probably 10 different items from their menu and I haven't found one I didn't love. If you are looking for good food and great service I highly recommend stopping in.
2	Every time I go to this place it gets worse and worse. I remember going there a few years back and really liking the menu but these days they have changed a few things and the several items I have tried have all been mediocre at best. I will not be going back to Charleston's or recommending this restaurant to anyone.
4	The food is absolutely five stars. However they have raised the price and taken away the salad, you now pay an extra $3 for a salad with the prime rib. Rarely do you find a place where a salad doesn't come with a steak and it makes it really expensive. The food however is always excellent. Prime rib, garlic mashed potatoes, creamy garlic dressing, croissants, and spinach dip are all amazing, some of the best ever! Service is always superb and your drinks are always full.
3	alright, so im not madly in love with this place nor do i despise it. The menu is relatively short, and yes this can be a good thing, because one would think that the items they do have would be top notch delish. BUT for someone who like variety (pointing at self) it can be somewhat disappointing. They have soups, sandwiches, salads, steaks, ribs, fish, chicken..with your common steak restaurant sides. beans, taters,, veggies etc.( no mac :(   ). I tired the chicken marsala. It was alright, didn't send my taste buds into taste explosion or anything. b/f enjoyed his country fried steak. Portions are pretty decent. The spinach dip is o.k too. The carrots are the bomb-diggity though as well as the mashed taters. I am just a baby when it come to my food and hate when my sides are better than the main entree.Atmosphere is nice and dark and semi romantic.oh yeah and i forgot to put the leftovers in the refrigerator, goes to show you how eager i was to eat it the next day.
4	This place is always good.  Food is consistent, place is spotless and the  wait staff are nice beyond measure.  We got chips and salsa to start, and they refilled our chips for free.  We both got the chicken club salad, but instead of fried chicken we got grilled.  The chicken was pretty overdone, but not so much so that I felt the need to send it back.  I don't know how they do it, but this place always makes you feel welcome, and I have never had bad service here.  Prices are a little expensive for my blood, but if Megan and I feel the need to treat ourselves, we will go back.  The rolls are AMAZING!
4	Heard of good thing about Charleston's so decided to make a trip out. It was located near the mall with AMC theatres. I heard about the prime rib and the Walt's champagne chicken salad. The waiter said those two dishes would be plenty for two and he was right. The salad portions are huge and the steak is also a decent size with two sides. I would agree with the positive reviews on the steak and salad. Steak was melting in your mouth and the salad had all the right crunchiness with the zingy dressing. Overall it was a great experience. I will try to go back again to try out other items.
3	Pretty good overall...we tried the chicken piccata and ciabatta chicken sandwich. Veggies were great and portions were perfect.Service was good, refills were there before you needed them, they checked up on you regularly, and everyone was extremely friendly.Welcoming, comfortable atmosphere--dark-ish, but enough light to read the menu (thankfully).Menu is only one sided (decent variety), back side is wines. Will likely be added into the mix of choices in the area.
3	Food and service were basically the same as any other Charleston's.  Which is to say, it was an A-OK experience.One thing I wanted to mention is that it is a little tricky to get to when you are coming from hwy 60.  You exit Stapley headed south and then you have to make a U-turn at the next light or else turn left on Inverness and then left again and cut thru the shopping center's parking lot.  It basically sits right at the SE corner of Stapley and the 60.
4	They had amazingly quick service during lunch! The servers were VERY polite, almost to the point of being obnoxious. I ordered the daily special--bacon cheeseburger--which came out hot, fresh, and delicious, though the fries were heavily over-salted. Our drinks were also quickly refilled without us asking, which was nice but unfortunately their tea basically tasted like water. Overall, it was a good experience and I would come back again.
4	I sorta love this place. I have eaten here plenty of times and have only had one lackluster meal and that was a burger, so I just decided not to order burgers any more. The atmosphere is awesome. I love dimly lit restaurants because I think I look hotter when the lights are low. The service is the best you will find. You will never find yourself with an empty beverage glass. Never ever. The side salads are delish! They come with eggs, bacon and croutons and a yummy honey glazed croissant. That is a meal in and of itself. My favorite menu item is something fairly simple... it's the Chicken Ciabatta sandwich. It's smoked chicken, peppers, onions, cheese, and bacon on a ciabatta roll - sounds fairly simple, right? The combination of flavors is just really, really yummy. They also have a kick-butt Reuben and Chicken Salad Sandwich. I think the only dinner-type entree I have ever ordered here was the Meatloaf and that was good too. I would totally recommend trying Charleston's out if you've never been before.
4	Good food, very clean restaurant, service has always been good. Great restaurant for large groups.
4	I had the filet and it was enjoyable.  I would have been disappointed if it came with a $50 price tag from a fancy steakhouse but for the price it was good.  Menu was basic and I struggled to find something that sounded really good to eat.  Left happy with the steak.  Brownie dessert was good but nothing special.
1	I ordered oven roasted herb chicken. It comes as a half a chicken. Not as big as you'd think, especially for the price. Flavor was overpowered by  pepper and rosemary, the garlic mash had lumps of red potatoes surrounded by way too much sour cream.  The baked beans were more like a thick BBQ sauce that had a few beans in it.My Husband had the chicken tenders. They were dry and again over powered by the cornflakes they roll them in.  The cole slaw was decent. It's very dark, too dark for my taste. They must keep it that way so you can't see the beat up old furniture. If your a smoker you might not notice the overly pungent flavors.
2	My husband and I stopped by for a quick lunch before heading to a movie. We found the service to be poor and our food did not live up to the standards we had experienced at other Charleston's locations.
3	Only $1 off drinks during happy hour?  Boo!  Why did they change it?  They have a decent wine list and a nice looking bar and patio but I just can't stand places that don't have good drink specials during happy hour.  That is the whole point.  Duh!  Oh well, at least their tasty appetizers are half off.
5	Lived here for 6 yrs and never tried this place. That was a big mistake ad this place is great. We will definitely be back!
5	Love this place, the best house salad and you get a bonus croissant, yummy! I have yet to have something on the menu that wasn't great! And the service is always on point!
3	This place was just okay.  I didn't know what to expect from the food when I sat down, the atmosphere was more Sizzler than Durant's & the majority of the crowd appeared to be taking advantage of the senior discount.  That said, the food was pretty good.  I got the chicken fried steak with garlic mashed; the portion was big, it was tasty, and service was ok.  Will I go back?  Maybe... but I won't seek it out.
5	Don't understand the negative reviews. Eat here once a month for several years and never had apoor meal or service.   Love their baked potato soup, chicken piccata, crossiants, salads and chicken sandwich
5	Consistently one of the best places to eat. And that Ultimate Margarita is awesome. Don't have more than 2.
3	The reason I'm giving Charleston's 3 stars is because it's so damn expensive. I do feel like there should be a sign at the door that says "THIS PLACE IS UBER-CLASSY, DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE PETSMART NEXT DOOR." We brought our two young kids, which immediately felt inappropriate because the place has a very dim, romantic vibe. The food was very good, above-average fare. They DID have kids menues (despite the fact that it didn't feel family-friendly) but they were the MOST expensive kids meals I have ever seen. If we were on a tight budget, I think we would have walked out as soon as we looked at the prices, like $15+ for the average entree. Again, the food WAS very tasty, but I would recommend this place for a first date or a special occasion because of the ambiance, atmosphere, and cost.
5	Salmon Cesar Salad = the bomb dot com! The salmon is always cooked perfectly. Lettuce is always fresh and they always modify the dish for me! Love the atmosphere and the places is always clean. Good wait staff! I hate the service at the Ahwatukee location (Ray Rd.), so I travel all the way to Mesa to enjoy the Charleston's experience.
4	Was very surprised just how good the food and restaurant was.  I had never heard of Charleston's, but I am a big fan now. Place gets crowded so plan your meal time with friends around their high traffic.  I will go back as the roast beef was cooked perfectly.
5	It took me two years but I finally tried something beyond the spinach dip and prime rib!!! The bbq ribs are wonderful. Tender, perfectly cooked and really good bbq sauce. I have never had bad service here and the food is always perfect. Charleston's impresses me everytime I go. I even stop for takeout for dinner sometimes and just get a spinach dip. It is pricey but for great food and consistently good service it is worth it.
4	Really good.  Great bartenders, and the food was awesome!  Came with a group of friends (10 of us).  Server split the bill perfectly.  All the food came out correct, and perfectly done!
5	Wonderful, great burgers!
3	First time here, although I'm driven by them 500 times at least. I had the grilled pork chops, which were nice and juicy, cooked perfectly. The one thing I wasnt thrilled with was my mashed potatoes. I liked them, I just dont really like them when they are lukewarm. Nitpicky I guess. However, had the Shrimp Cargot for an appetizer, which was fantastic. I'll definately go again, but I'll have to do a little more research and find out the best thing to have.
4	The best ribs I have ever tasted.  Better than any BBQ restaurant that I've ever eaten at.  Everything that comes with your meal is tasty also.  Fresh ice cold salad with a warm sweet croissant roll!  Baked beans that could bear the name chili in most restaurants,  and glazed carrots for anyone who is a sweet potato fan.  The service is equally as exceptional.
1	Over-rated, over-priced, mediocre food at best. Tried this place twice- once was surprised for my birthday and the other someone else chose this place for their birthday- and both times fail. Service was not horrible, but was definitely not good- especially when they tout their great service in their commercials and there are so many other much better restaurant options. Orders were messed up, brought out at different times, no drink refills or apologies which might have been forgiven if the food was great, but it was not. Prime Rib was blah and six of us tried different dishes and desserts, but they were just all around disappointing.Your better off with Texas Roadhouse across the way.
3	I have to say this is not my favorite location. I find the one in Chandler much better.Staff is far more attentive in Chandler location,as well as more knowledgable about the food they carry.The food even seems better there.We had always wanted to try this location, for something new.We really like the one in Chandler so we thought this one would be just as good if not better.Sad disappointment.  Not enough BBQ sause,food was not really hot, just warm. Plus, we had to keep asking for refills on our drinks. I cannot see any reason to come back to this location.
4	This is my favorite Houston's/Hillstone alternative.  We've eaten here many times and it's almost always a great experience.  The Perfect Margarita IS perfect.  I never would have put olives in a margarita but it so completely works.  On this past visit, my cheeseburger was overcooked and they happily took it back and fired a new one.  Service is generally impeccable.  Although, we have noted that they seem to have a fear of letting any glass be less than 3/4's full.  As soon as you've consumed *any* of your drink, you will have another glass on the table.  I find this amusing.  Great place although it does tend to be a bit loud when it's busy.
4	Love the happy hour deals. All apps are half off, which means you can have dinner for about $5. The chicken quesadilla is awesome and a huge portion. I also really like the spinach artichoke dip, fresh basil and sausage pizza and the ceviche when they have it. Check them out, you will be glad you did.
4	This is a really good place to go eat. I was hesitant at first due to the name, location, and food type. The reviews do the place justice. It was really good food. You also got a good portion. There wasn't too much or too little food. Which is really nice to me as I hate when restaurants try to give you 3 times the amount of food you really need. To me it seems like a waste when they do that. The server was very nice and very helpful. My wife usually has a hard time choosing what she wants to eat and the server helped her choose what she would like best. Plus everything is so fresh tasting and not packaged/frozen tasting. I would definitely recommend this place for sure. We will be back before we leave the Phoenix area.
3	We had been wanting to come to this location and try it for quite awhile.Too bad we came the night we did, because, we were not impressed at all. Food was not hot when it came out, our Server did not know any thing about the Tea that they carried. ,She had to be asked to refill our drinks more than once.It just was not a pleasant experience. We so like the one in Chandler so much better.I do not think that we will return to this location. Maybe it was not a good day for them. But, now that I have tried it ,I cannot ever see a reason to return.
4	Amazingly great happy hour. So classy. Great friendly staff too. Clam chowder Fridays are to die for.
5	I love Charlestons! The glazed carrots are hands down my favorite. Yesterday we had Ashley as a server for lunch and she was fantastic.
5	This place is the best!! The food is always amazing and the service is always great :) The chicken ciabatta is so good and I get it every single time I go with the french fries :) The spinach artichoke dip is also so good and it is a must :) we will always continue coming here :) (my dad says the ribs are incredible too)
5	I'm hesitant to give a place five stars after eating there once, but upon reflection, it was really an excellent meal.  We met friends there before going to see a movie and arrived after they had ordered.  Our drinks were brought quickly, our food was fairly prompt arriving, and it was GOOD.I was going back and forth between a burger and a chicken sandwich with avocado and sprouts and went with the latter and a side of barbecued baked beans.  The beans were great, though boiling hot and they did a number on the roof of my mouth.  The sandwich was also great and huge: I ate half of it as I wanted popcorn at the movie.Because of a toothache, I decided to have a Mudslide.  When it arrived, it was a bit different than what I was expecting.  I'm used to this drink being in a daiquiri glass that had chocolate syrup drizzled in it and probably more of a dilute milkshake consistency.  This was in a much shorter glass, had more icecubes in it, but the flavor was great.  And it was potent.  I was feeling it after one drink, which really helped with my tooth.  And yes, I made sure the prescription didn't have a problem with alcohol, and my wife was driving home that night.After the movie we went for dessert as the parking lot was absolutely crazy with two full theaters letting out at the same time, we wanted to burn some time to get out more easily.  Even though it was now half an hour before their posted closing time, no problems getting a booth.  The waitress was a little slow getting to us, but she was prompt and provided good service once things got moving.  She seemed to be the only waitress in the main dining room and was servicing another group, plus probably doing shut-down tasks.  All we wanted was to split a slice of their key lime pie, and I have to say that it was one of the best key lime pies that I've ever had.Real key limes, a walnut/graham cracker crust, and really yummy whipped cream.  And a size that was perfect for sharing.  I've had a lot of key limes over the years that ranged from key lime in name only to exceptional ones, and this was one of the best.  I would seriously consider coming here just for dessert if I were in the area, but I would not hesitate to come here again for a full dinner experience.  I with we'd arrived earlier and met with our friends on-time, but Phoenix freeways being what they are it just wasn't possible.Definitely recommended place and not too pricey in my opinion.
4	Went to this site to meet a work friend for lunch on a Weds. Got there early (around 11:30) and it was a good thing, because the place filled up fast. Mostly with business people, but some 'snowbirds' too. The food is good, I had the turkey burger and it was a little well done, but not bad. Their gumbo is really good...had a cup of that for my 'side.' Very friendly service from the hostess to our server. I am not usually a fan of chain restaurants, but Charleston's is an exception from time to time...and especially for a nice lunch meeting.
5	Another great time at Charleston's. Ordered the ribs and they are about the best I have had. Even the carrots are good here. Bread pudding A+. Excellent combination of good food, service, and atmosphere make an evening at Charleston's a smart choice.
2	Good food and atmosphere.  Unfortunately, we felt ignored by the staff.  We had to flag down servers for drinks and condiments.  The manager spent most the time we were there chatting with friends at the bar and watching the game.  This was not our first visit but it was our last.
5	I have never been to a Charleston's before. I have seen the commercials on TV but never connected that this was the place I was seeing advertised. It was the girlfriends idea to come here on NYE before we hopefully went to a show at Gammage. So I called and made the reservations. Now I called sometime in November for the reservations and the person on the phone took all of my info and said "it was down in the book" but then I called the day of to confirm the reservation and the time and they didn't have a reservation for me. Uh oh. This might have been a problem but they took all of my info again and honored the lost reservation at the time I wanted. Nice save.When we arrived they had a booth all set for us. It is a very nice place. A little dark inside and old school but not old. Everything was well maintained and very clean. No holes in anything or dust anywhere. The booth was very nice. Plenty of room for two.There were a lot of people there, hey it is NYE. At first I joked with my girlfriend that we weren't old enough to get into this place given the average age of everyone inside was well over 65. But although it was busy the service did not suffer at all.Our waitress was very nice. Our water glasses never even got close to empty and we were checked on just enough. Not too much to be pushy and not completely ignored.My girlfriend, who had been here before, made all of the recommendations. We started out with their Cream Spinach Artichoke Dip. Wow was this good. So creamy. I could have eaten a whole other bowl of it. I think I am ruined on spinach artichoke dip from now on. Then on to the main course which of course had to be prime rib. This was cooked perfectly. Just the way I like it. It comes with creamy horseradish sauce which was good but I almost think the beef au jus they also give you was just a little better with it. I also got the mashed potatoes, on recommendation, and they were very good as well.Everything was just excellent. Service, food, everything. It may not be a five star restaurant but it deserves a five star review. Sure it is a little pricey but it was actually a little cheaper than I thought it would be. Plus it is worth it the price. You don't feel overcharged at all. The food is so good it is worth the price. We will definitely be back. Maybe not very frequently but we will be back.
5	Being an AZ native and traveling the world (especially the United States) consistently, when I return home, my first stop is at Charleston's for the grilled chicken and avocado club, a large side of honey mustard dressing, and the garlic mashed potatoes.  It is one of my favorite sandwiches on the planet.I can not say enough good things about this restaurant.  They clearly hire well as all of their staff is clean cut, courteous, and congenial.  The atmosphere is nice, the booths are comfortable, it always seems to be crowded but never a wait . . . I love this place.
5	Made reservations for 7 here on a Friday night for a friends bday dinner. The atmosphere is cozy, lights are dimmed and it's nice place for group dinner and drinks. The croissants were amazing. We had 2 orders of those. The server was courteous and was helpful when we had questions about the dishes. He  recommended the "flirtini" drink for the girls which is not too sweet it was good and the boys ordered beer.Our friend that been here before recommended no appetizers because the meals were very big  portions. My husband ordered the pork chops well done with vegetable and beans. I ordered the chicken fried steak, gravy on the side with carrots and mash potatoes. They were both amazing. Very well seasoned and cooked perfectly. The beans were the only thing that I would replace with a different side if we ever come back here, but other then that this place was very good and the service was on point.
3	This is usually our favorite restaurant.  We dine here at least once a week. Food is always consistent, atmosphere is nice. Our most recent visit on a Saturday afternoon was less than great. The female servers were more interested in the male servers, and the music was very loud.  There were not a lot of guests so service should have been great. The food came out too fast, no time to complete a salad, glasses not filled, we weren't asked if we wanted another glass of wine or dessert.  Servers were just not interested in serving.
3	Good place and we will go back.  The croissants are to die for, but everything else we had was good. The atmosphere is very loud and it is a bit like a sports bar.  Our server was a little stressed, which caused her to be a little short at the beginning, but she settled in and was fine.Biggest disappointment was the lack of choices on the menu.  Couple of steaks, couple of salads, some chicken options but that was it.  No real seafood options, no pasta.  I liked what I had, but wanted more variety.
5	What a fantastic dinner! My family and I very much enjoyed our meal here. It was a good value.  We have the salmon, the catfish, the ribs, and kids Mac and cheese.  The service was professional in appearance and demeanor.
5	The appetizers were so good, I ordered one for a meal with a side of  seasoned rice!  There is no possible way to improve on the shrimp cargot!
5	Been here a bunch, Was there tonight. Never had a bad experience. Always get the filet because, well, I LOVE IT! My steak is always  perfect and the salad is always soooooo good. They have these croissants with honey, they are amazing, I totally recommend. Drinks always pack a great punch!I feel stuffed. Our server was amazing (as always) and we were told 5 times (every staff member we passed) to have a good night as we were leaving. Everyone is so friendly that works there, and pretty too. Its Dim, but most steak houses are. Noise level never bothered me nor was it distracting.ONCE we didn't get any croissants with our salads and my guy asked the greeter on the way out if they no longer served them, she was SO apologetic that she offered to pack us up some to take home. It was a VERY nice gesture and thats how awesome they always are.
4	Tried this restaurant for the first time today. Our server was nice although I forget her name. As far as the food goes, I had the crispy fried chicken sandwich with a side of fries. Wanted to keep it simple. The chicken sandwich has coleslaw in it and it added a good flavor to the sandwich. The croissants we ordered were kind of dry (If you want good croissants, definitely go to Cheddar's in Chandler). My coworker got the Parmesan crusted chicken. It looked really good so if I go back, I'll definitely order that.
4	Their fried okra is always amazing (even people who hate okra eat this stuff). Just tried their chicken salad w/ champagne vinaigrette and it was incredible (this from the girl who believes that fat equals love).
5	Amazing food and friendly staff  in a comfortable and clean restaurant with a good bar if you want a drink.  I can't imagine anything in a dinner place that this place doesn't offer in spades.  I can honestly say that Ive been eating here for years and Ive never had a average meal let alone a bad meal.  The Prime rib is great one of the best I've found and the rest of the food is just as good.  Heck even the artichoke dip my wife get's overtime is great.  And there chili on Saturdays is wonderful with great flavor is a thick meaty bowl of chili.  Honestly it's all good and the only reason I haven't tried everything on the menu is the burgers and Phili and the Prime Rib are so good it's hard to get something different unless it's raining and cold then I go for the Chicken Fried Steak, sure I can feel my arteries getting clogged but it actually is pretty much worth it.
4	We love this place for a good dinner. The salads are great. The chicken fingers are the best I've ever had. The chicken fried steak is HUGE and delicious. My husband goes crazy for the croissants and glazed carrots. Yum! Also, try the key lime pie!My only complaint is the mashed potatoes. They mix in lots of big peppercorns, which I hate. I asked if they could exclude the pepper and they said it wasn't possible, for some reason. Mashed potatoes are my favorite side, so this is a big bummer.
4	Loved this place!   One of the same owners of the former "Houston's" restaurant.   The prime rib was mouthwatering!   The beans were to die for.   This place has a great feel to it. The service possible needs to be upgraded a little.   Two managers walked by our table a few times and never said anything to us.   We had to ask them to stop and check to see how we were doing.
5	I need some shrimp cargo please!  It's so rich and amazing especially with a margarita to wash it down...yum!
5	Have been to this location now three times and it is always amazing! The location is right by the US 60 and is easy to get to. We have tried their chicken sandwich, chicken tenders, and their chicken and rib platter with mashed potatoes. We have also tried their fries, coleslaw, and vegetables. Their vanilla ice cream is the kind with the actual vanilla beans if you are a fan of vanilla. The food is amazing and the service is excellent!Our server today was Lynn who is not only a pretty face but one of the best servers we have ever seen. She has served me twice here and each time was amazing! Today Lynn took the time to walk us to the door when our meal was done just to say goodbye,  nicest person I can remember meeting, like ever!
2	Our meal was wonderful. I had baby back ribs that fell off the bone. My wife had chicken piccata. The service was excellent.We've eaten at this location for many years. There menu has changed a lot over the years and their prices have gone thru the roof. They did not have a half rack of ribs on the menu yet they were available. $24 for a rack of ribs was a little pricy for me.  Longhorns has very good food and service and their prices are more reasonable.
4	We were seated as soon as we got here at 6:45 PM on a Friday night.  That was surprising to me considering how packed the parking lot was.  The atmosphere was AMAZING! !!!The waitress was nice and efficient but not too overly friendly.  She wasn't one who stood by the table and chatted.  Being that this is the first time here, I'm not sure if that is a requirement of the establishment.  It didn't seem to be a "noisy" place.  She checked on us promptly so she gets high marks for service. :)The food tasted good.  It came out promptly and was cooked correctly but was nothing to write home over.  It was a nice change of pace and overall,  we had a nice dinner but I couldn't help wishing we had went to Texas or Piggley's.  It just wasn't for me.
5	Came in just to see Jen V. Food is fantasric. Ambiance is upscale but environment is still family friendly.
2	Where to start?A friend recommended this place.Service:We went later in the night so it wasn't busy at all. However, you would've thought it was packed because we had to wait a while to get drinks; refills; our order taken; condiments after getting our food (had to ask him twice); and finally, the bill.Food:After reading the reviews on Yelp, and our friend's suggestion, I really wanted to try their chicken fried steak. Well, that was a bad idea because it was difficult to chew, the gravy looked like it had been out for too long and starting to curdle, and the extremely sweet candied carrots took up over a quarter of the plate, BUT the mashed potatoes were delicious.The bf got the rack of ribs, which I got to try and that is the only reason this place gets two stars, because the whole night and all through the next day I had FOOD POISONING!!!!I wish I had listened to Renee S.' review and steered clear from this place...never again!
4	The ambiance inside Charlestons is great.....very much like the Keg. Upscale with great lighting. The wait staff were like bees around a hive and the place was brimming with customers on a busy sat night.Good service overall.We had the chicken  fried steak & the chibatta chicken sandwich,The chicken sandwich was very good and the fried steak was very large and ok.A bit overrated imo.The prices seemed about $3 a plate over what they should be.Sandwich and standard shoe string fries 13.00?Chicken fried steak was 16.00To me, the sandwich was a bit expensive....burgers are 12.002 entrees with soda and tip ....better part of 50.00
4	Four stars is generous. I was going to say three but the service was very good so Jen said to go four. :)Only been here once before and it was awesome. Today Jen and I both ordered the 10oz prime rib rare with salad. She had mixed veggies and I had garlic mash and a skewer of grilled shrimp.We ordered the Shrimp Cargot for a starter. It was amazing. Plump shrimp drowning in cheese and garlic butter with two sides of toasted French rolls. The prime rib and mashed potatoes were both way over-seasoned. Which is too bad cause the prime rib was sooo tender. Unfortunately it was drown in Rosemary that not even the au jus could wash off. The garlic mash was riddled with black pepper so I could only eat a few bites. I kept envisioning Gordon Ramsey standing in front of the cooks shaking his head saying "That's too bad," with a disappointed look on his face. Not so disappointing that I didn't eat all of the prime. Ending on an up note, Jen had Blackstone Merlot which went very well with our meal and the salads came with a very delicious croissant. So delightfully sweet and fresh. Amazing and such a nice surprise. Veggies were veggies. I reiterate the service was very good and the food was prepared to perfection other than the seasoning so I am chalking it up to bad luck. We will persevere and will be eager to return.
2	$30 for a small piece of dry meat and a baked potato? They got a lot of balls. Bread was good though.
