5	A little shout out love for my church =) The Rock kind of reminds me of the Cheers theme song...."Where Everybody Knows Your Name."  A church where you can't walk in and out without being noticed and in a good way....trust me I tried escaping unnoticed the first time I visited....it didn't work =) It's a real environment with real people....and most of all we support each other when life gets difficult.  God has shown us what it means to love....and in return it pours out of the people at the Rock....Pastor Chris Tong shares messages from the Scripture but makes it real by sharing his life experiences.  The Rock is all about reaching and helping the community....Each year, we put on a community BBQ event Memorial Day weekend and each month we feed the homeless at Ethel Pearson Park.  If you're new to the area and interested in finding a community of believers, come check us out!  You won't leave without receiving at least one hug =)
5	Not a perfect church, but a church with real people that really care. A church that would rather grow in spiritually one at a time building disciples rather than 1000s of still wandering sheep. I agree with Theresa's review. Its a multigenerational and cultural church all aiming for one thing. To grow closer to God through Christ Jesus. I no longer live in Vegas, but the Rock will ne a forever home... Miss ya'll
5	The Rock is a Christian church were the focus is on relationships NOT religion.  The people at The Rock are authentic and will be the first to share their imperfections as they strive to share God's love with others.  If you are looking for real relationships and teachings from the scriptures then I encourage you to visit The Rock, you just might find a new home and family.
5	The Rock is a warm, friendly church with a family feel.  The worship is fresh and dynamic.  My kids really enjoy the children's ministry and my husband and I are continually learning and challenged by the scripture based messages.  The Rock is a church that we look forward to attending each week.
5	Was in Las Vegas for the CES Show and being early I could find no reason not to go to Church. Hit up Google and found The Rock and boy am I glad I did. As stated in other reviews, the people are friendly and welcoming. The sense of family caring is easily seen and the worship band was awesome.  The Pastor provided a great message on "6 principles for running the race to win" which encouraged "getting in the game" (for Christ) and being prepared through training and disciple. The Rock is looking for and working towards finding a permanent home from which they can affect people's lives in a positive way for Jesus. Keep this church, congregation and   Pastor in your prayers. And hey, if your ever in Vegas go to Church!
5	Ok folks, listen up! If you are looking for a Godly church where the people are real and you want to hear sermons that will move you, this is the place. The pastor is sensitive, caring as well as the entire staff.  I attended for a couple years while living their and let me tell you, it changed me. Highly recommend to anyone, including the broken hearted. Can't leave a Sunday without hugs from everyone.
5	My husband and I moved to Vegas in Feb this year, so we needed to find a new church. We decided to search on yelp and found this church having good reviews (that the church is loving any legit). So we tried this one out as our first pick. And it turned out that it is really God's guidance to come to this church! I can see God's love through the brothers and sisters there, and that is very important as it shows that God really dwells in this church. No way we can love without Jesus and the Holy Spirit in us. Everyone is also honest, sincere and genuine. So we are very happy that we finally found a church we can grow in. The small gatherings are awesome as that is the time for brothers and sisters to share deeply and support each other at times of trials. The gathering times are indeed a time we poured our hearts out for God and each other. It is not simply socializing. And we can be transparent with each other without condemnation. Forgiveness is also nurtured here. Meanwhile we support each other to follow God's ways and please God. Everyone supports each other through prayers and God's truth. It is for real that "the truth will set you free". I accepted Christ since I was a kid, have been in different churches since I was a kid; had been looking for a church to have deep growth for ages......and I think I finally found it here. I can't thank God enough for this.I can see that God really uses the pastors and leaders there, as they all love God and have the passion and love to feed the sheep (us). I have to note that if you are looking for something " perfect" (flawless), no church will fit your bill. If you have a hard time to find a church that is loving, accepting, forgiving and non-condemning, if you feel broken and afraid that no one accepts you, then you should come to the Rock. You will find Jesus and His true love here. I felt broken and wounded for long, had been in dead valley for so long. Now God is breathing life in me again and reviving me through this church.
4	I can't tell you enough about these people here.  I am new to Las Vegas and they have made me feel at home and at ease.  They don't ask for money, they do hug you and want to share the love of God.  Especially for me who wanted to take part in the worship team music, they made room right away and have impressed me with their honest prayers. I have learned so much from Pastor Chris who is a real genuine person, and his team follows his lead.  If your in town or just wondering what it would be like to go to a church this place may be the place for you to try out.  It's growing and you can be a part of that growth, which will make you realize what it really means to be a Christian.  I mean a real Christian.  Love all, love hard and love God.
5	My wife Sarah and I were both born into the mormon church, but by the grace of God we learned the truth of the bible and are no longer part of mormonism. When we left the mormon church we ended up in a really big church. We grew there, but something was missing and we didn't quite know what it was. God was definitely stirring our hearts to look somewhere else for a place where the truth of scripture was preached no matter the cost. Having been the victims of deception and cult-life for many years, we needed a place that was committed to the truth. We looked, and looked and eventually we found the Rock. We have been here for 2 years now. Here are some of the reasons we have stayed:--The authority of the bible is upheld above ideas, traditions, and personal opinion. All of the bible is preached; including the passages that are not culturally "popular." It is also a safe place to wrestle with the truth of God in a way that builds up and brings us closer to the Lord.--Pastor Chris, the elders, and the leadership here have a real vision of what truly being a family of God means, and what it is to be ambassadors of the gospel. They are not perfect by a long shot, but I have found that they are humble, and that their greatest hope is to bring others to a saving knowledge of Jesus Christ.--Real life change, true repentance and discipleship is encouraged and taught as a natural outpouring of the grace we have been given in Christ. It is hard to remain a long-time pew-sitter at the Rock. Faith working through love is the name of the game here.--The atmosphere is warm, loving, and accepting. Ever get a fake hug, compliment or smile and it feels super awkward? That doesn't happen often at the Rock. I have been blown away by the genuine care and love that my wife and I have received since coming here. We can truly call these people family. Disagreements and troubles will come I'm sure, but these people are worth fighting for.--Jesus Christ is exalted as Lord and God above the pastor, the leadership, the music, the programs, and everything else. He is truly King here, and that is how it should be.If you are looking for a place where God and His word are the first priority; a place where grace is the motivating power behind repentance and holiness; a place where sacrifice, service, and love are the goal...Then come and join us as we worship our Great God and Savior by making disciples of all nations!
5	Love love love......that is the one word that I would use to describe what this church makes me feel! It is very hard these days to find a church that actually shows the love that god has for us and this church shows it! It is growing and new which I love. They make you feel so welcomed right away and comfortable! They have so many nights a week to fellowship and events that they do throughout the month. Its simple, intimate, and welcoming. You want to fellowship with real people that love Christ and people this is the place to be!!
