5	Jenny & Eric are wonderful. They are Detailed, care about their clients. they match the right product with each client. Highly recommend!
5	This place is amazing!! I live in LA and look forward to being in town so I can get my gel manicure and pedicure here!! Much cleaner than any other place I have been.  Relaxing, affordable and unbelievable selection to choose from!!  People are so nice!! I am shocked to see that there could ever be a negative review!!
5	If you're as picky about your nails as I am, this is your nail salon.  I've been getting my nails done for years (I'm old) and now that I'm getting gel manicures, Jenny, the owner, is an absolute perfectionist.  Although there are several nail shops in my area, driving a few extra miles to get there is worth it.  Jenny shows the same perfectionism when she hires nail techs. If they're not 100% up to par, she won't keep them.  They have to have the same values and work ethic as she does and she sets the bar high.  The fact that the salon is aesthetically beautiful with high end finishes is a bonus. You owe it to yourself to try this place.  And, if for some strange reason, you're not completely happy, Jenny wants to know about it so that she can make it right.  Exemplary customer service is her main goal so she wants to make sure your services were performed to your satisfaction.
5	I was so happy to go try this nail salon. Jenny is very sweet and made sure I was well taken care of. They are very detail oriented which is great. Will be back for sure.
5	I came in yesterday for a pedicure. May did an awesome job, her nail art is beautiful and she was very thorough with the entire pedicure. Classic pedicure is only $25, well worth it with the quality of work you will receive. Plus the salon is brand new and super clean! Also, Jenny the owner is really sweet.
5	Please understand that I have been to MANY a nail salon in my young life. There seems to ALWAYS be something I dislike about nail salons, I just NEVER have a good experience. Well.... That was BEFORE this nail salon! I have never ever had a better experience. May did my pedicure and Eric did my gel mani. I also have never had a positive experience with a male tech... Eric was off the charts. He was extremely funny, caring, and my nails look phenomenal. He told me I was a princess and deserve to be treated well. Really?! Where else can you go and hear that?! This salon is extremely clean!! Right when you walk in you immediately know you're going to have a great experience. May did the most phenomenal pedicure. She completely took her time and my toes look perfect!!! I cannot stop talking about this amazing experience!! I will refer all of my friends and family here!! Do yourself a favor and stop in, you will be highly glad you did. Check out my pics I uploaded :)
5	Just moved to the area and had to find a new nail salon... Ugh... the dread... you know what I mean!! Was pleasantly surprised by this salon.. Nice, clean shop with friendly, professional staff and best of all they do great work!!! Jenny did my nails, she was very detailed and meticulous and gave a great massage :) I got a gel manicure and regular pedicure and was not disappointed at all... my nails still look great with no chipping or cuticle damage!! I consider myself very picky and a bit of a perfectionist and I was very happy and satisfied with her work so I will definitely be back!!!
5	I heard about this place from people who come into my work and they gave me a 20% coupon for her grand opening. I love this place! Jenny is amazing and so is Sharon. They are so sweet and personable with you. Pedicures are amazing, and the gel Polish is flawless after. I love this place for so many reasons, the prices are amazing as well! Definitely come here as your choice of a nail salon. It's worth it!
5	Very happy with my manicure ... going on a month and my nails still look great!!  I will definitely be back when I'm in town again.  Jenny was a sweetheart - and the gal who did my nails, probably the best manicure I've ever had.  Seriously!
5	Awesome color selection. The staff was so friendly. The salon is clean, modern, with very comfy chairs for a pedicure. Would definitely go back if I'm in Phoenix again!
5	Simply the best! My indulgence is a good pedi and pretty nails.  The level of expertise and cleanliness is amazing.  Add friendly staff and the recipe is complete. Kudos to Jenny & crew!
4	I have had some CRAZY experiences with nail salons lately in my search to find a new i. And by crazy I mean bad -.- so im always a little nervous when I go into a new place. But WOW! Jackie did my fill and she did such an amazing job. Everyone in the whole salon was really nice and didn't mind having conversation. So I think, I have finally found my new nail spot. I need a full set next, sooooo we'll see if the work is consistent. I'll update.
5	I found this place based on yelp reviews. I am so thankful to my fellow yelpers for recommending this place!! I am very impressed and will be back for sure! Wait time: Less than 5 minutes Cleanliness: 5 out of 5. (I am a licensed nail tech and I know what to look for) Price: comparable with other nail shops Quality: I saw Cattien who was very quick and precise. 5 days later and my gel manicure looks as fresh as day 1 Color selection: Largest selection of gel colors I've seen in a nail shop
4	Great environment to relax deluxe pedicure was amazing! Will be back :)
5	It's taken me 3 years living on the east side to finally find a great nail salon!!!!  Great staff...Cattien is the best!!!!
4	First time here today. The salon was very clean. Lots of colors to choose from. I received a gel manicure from Eric. He was very kind and helpful and made my visit very pleasant! Love my nails :) Thanks!!
5	Great place, prices and great staff! I go here regularly and have always had a great experience. The owner Jenny takes pride in her work and always wants her customer's happy with their service. You can't say this about a lot of places, but I have had my nails and pedicures done with each staff member here and they are all great at what they do it's nice to be able to walk in and get equally good service from everyone there. So glad I found you! Cleanliness is a 5 out of 5Color selection 5 Quality of service 5
5	The staff is really nice!  The give quality pedicures and take their time. The price isn't terribly high and it's worth every penny.
5	They are so good! I brought my kids and they felt like little princesses getring their nails painted. Their nail art is simply the best I've ever had for the price! And with the pedicure, the foot  massage is amazing! I've had my feel manicure for a week advt I'm rough on my nails and still its intact, no chipping! I'd definitely recommend it!
5	Love this place! Great service, amazing color choices and very clean.
3	I wanted to try out a new nail place and this one was rated pretty highly. Now that I have been there I don't see why it would deserve 5 stars. The place is pretty small and there is really no decoration or anything special to it. There is a water fountain near the front check-in area but you can't see it while you are seated for a pedicure. You certainly can't hear it; all I could hear while I was there was the buzzing from the acrylic nail buffing tool that sounds like a dentist drill. Not exactly relaxing. I know all nail places have that but this place has pretty bad acoustics because I found it extremely loud. Also the chemical smell, again present at even the best nail salons, was overwhelming. They did not have an ventilation at all. Overall it just was not a pleasant environment.However, my nail tech was very nice and did a great job. And my pedicure only cost $25. So, that is still A-OK in my book for when I need to just stop in and get my toes done. But Pink Polish still has them beat for atmosphere.
5	My Only Go To is Cattien!  Top shelf for nails and toes.  My favorite ever.  Highly talented and skilled.  Gentle and professional.  It does not get any better.  The entire staff is very friendly.  The owner, Jenny, remembers my name.  That has never happened in a salon in any of the salons I have visited anywhere in the Phoenix area.  NEVER.  Get ready for some spoiling and service.The salon is very clean and has huge variety of gel and regular colors.
2	It took me a while to review this location because of mixed feelings--I don't like getting my pedicure at the same time for my hands-- I like to close my eyes and enjoy my pedi which I get everything I paid about $45 for just a pedi but I really enjoy. I went the first time was just for a pedicure with Eric- he did amazing job, I don't mind paying $45 because he takes his time- the second time I went for a full set silk nails- which I paid  $55 plus tip it (it suppose to be 40 but because I asked for gel color it was $15 more)- not worth it at all-- (forgot the girls name) the next day, one of my nails broke while in the shower- was not able to go back to get it fix because I had to fly out of town- the third day on my vacation 2 nails broke while putting my seatbelt- I was super embarrassed. I will only go back for a pedicure with Eric-- Just moved from California-- still looking for a place where I can get my nails done..
3	Decent enough gel pedicure. Not memorable, and not the cleanest.
4	I came here after several failed attempts at a good pedi at a place where there was no language barrier.  Based on Yelp.com, I made an appointment and had a gel mani and regular pedi with Eric.  He was AWESOME!  The salon was clean enough ... pretty standard place ... but I did not notice any funky odor (like the place I had gone before) and really no chemical smell either.  There were lots of people there including men having pedis.  Everyone was smiling.  The massage chair was so comfy and Eric and the other nail techs spoke very good English both to the customers AND each other.  It was fun listening to them tease each other and joke around.  I am looking forward to going back to see Eric again for another fantastic pedicure!
5	Amazing job!! Sharon is awesome, so was everybody else!! My new favorite spot for sure!! The pedicure was so relaxing and the massage chairs are great. I asked for a difficult design, showed her the picture and she said "no problem" and they look so cool! Thanks guys!! I'll definitely be back!!
5	I have been here 3 times so far, and every experience has been OUTSTANDING.  I've lived in phoenix 2 years and the other nail salons I've visited have been less than average. But when I came across this little jewel in the desert I knew I had found the place for me!!! As a newbie to phoenix, finding a good nail salon can be tedious, expensive and disappointing. I'm so glad I found this place!ALL the STAFF here are so sweet. They are friendly, smiley, and so respectful. They made me feel comfortable. They talked to ME while they took care of me (not gossiping with each other about customers, ignoring me, while they speak in another language. This always made me so uncomfortable but I don't see that here, it's very refreshing.) They are NEVER PUSHY trying to upsell so they make more money. I really felt like they wanted me to be happy and gave me what I wanted/needed, not the other way around. I never feel like I'm bothering them by asking them questions about what I want, they are very patient and cater to the needs of their clients. Very professional. They treat their customers, especially loyal regular customers, like family. So down to earth and kind. The SALON feels like a high end salon with all new WORKING massage chairs that match. It's clean and tranquil. Open and well lit. Super nice and feels good being in there. Great location too, Starbucks is right next door!;) The WORK they do is impeccable. They take their time, even when it's close to closing time they never rushed me to get out of there. They make sure what you pay for is what you get and that you are satisfied with what they do for you. The PRICE is VERY GOOD!!! Especially for what you get. I usually get a pedicure and a gel manicure. Every time the GELS are PERFECT and last for weeks. They make sure not to get it on your cuticle and round out the edges perfectly so your manicure lasts a long time. They give great massages on the spa pedicure and I recommend the herbal treatment! What a delight! They spend a long time massaging and put several kinds of lotions and oils so your feet and legs are ridiculously smooth. And of course they make my toes look amazing and the polish lasts for weeks and weeks. I can go on and on and on about this place! I love it and recommend it to anyone that wants a good and relaxing experience, at a great cost. Love it!!!
5	Sharon and Cindy (Cynthia?) did amazing pedicures!This is def our new nail salon!  Very clean; good selection of polish.Classic pedi for $25 Gel removal: $5 Both ladies did very thorough jobs! I had one toe w ingrown too and she offered to help cut/smooth it out since it was bothering me.  Massage chairs are great too and fully functioning!
4	Decided to get a gel manicure on my lunch break and due to close proximity I chose Studio 54. The shop was clean and inviting and the staff were very friendly. Jackie gave me a flawless gel manicure in a little over a half hour. The cost was comparable to other places I've been if not a little less $30 for gel mani. I will definitely come back.
5	Haven't had a pedicure in a very long time (we're talking years, here).  I HATE people touching my feet, but was in desperate need of a pedicure.  I was in the area and saw the great reviews on Yelp, so I stopped in.  They did a wonderful job!  I even convinced my bf to get one too.  Will def. be coming back!
5	Love this place!! Nails are always beautiful and massage is heavenly :)Friendly, always take their time...never feel rushed. My favorite place in "ahwatukee area"  Thank you!!
5	I have been getting gel manicures for years now and Phear at Studio 54 is amazing!  I will not let anyone else do my nails and drive all the way from north east Mesa to see her for my regular manicure and pedicures.  I highly recommend her!  The place is also clean and has good selection of colors.
4	This salon was great!  Very clean!  The girls were so nice!  I got the deluxe pedicure and classic manicure, as did my sister.  the job they did on my pedicure was fabulous! They could have done a better job on my manicure.  The filing they did in my nails was uneven.  If I went back, I would be very careful of checking my nails on how they file them.  But my sister's manicure looked amazing!
