4	I had a three + hour layover at Charlotte Douglas International airport, and I arrived at 7 am, east coast time, so it was 4 am for me.  I wasn't feeling all that hot, and though I wasn't hungry, I wanted to try to sleep at my gate, so I thought I would take care of eating to get it out of the way.  Being from CA, I had never heard of Bojangles before, but I thought I would give it a shot, since they 1) had breakfast and 2) were right there when I got off my plane, so it took very little brainpower to decide on what to eat.  I got the egg and cheese biscuit meal, which came with a drink (I got OJ) and "botato rounds" which were silver dollar sized hash browns.  I opened up my biscuit and was pleased to see it wasn't some tiny little thing, it was warm and it smelled good.  So I took a bite.HOLY GUACAMOLE!  It was SO good.  As soon as I took my first bite I was immediately starving and all sense of not feeling well dissipated.  The biscuit was so tasty, I couldn't believe it.  Buttery and salty and everything a good biscuit should be.  The egg and cheese balanced it out perfectly, so it wasn't dry and difficult to swallow.  I scarfed it down and considered getting another one.  I was pleasantly surprised by the little kick of spice on the hash browns.  Nothing out of this world or anything, but more than just a salty taste (they could have been a tad warmer, but still good, nonetheless).  I had another long layover on my way back, and this time it was around lunch time.  I was so tempted by that breakfast sandwich, I almost got another one (since you can get breakfast all day), but wound up trying the 2 piece dinner with a breast and thigh, a biscuit and a side (I got mashed potatoes and gravy).  It's been a long time since I have had a piece of fried chicken, but I can say with confidence that it was way better than I remember KFC being.  The chicken has a kick, too, and while it certainly wasn't over-whelmingly spicy or anything, it did register as more than just some flavoring thrown in there.  The mashed potatoes were just fine, nothing amazing, but very satisfying eaten with my biscuit.For a fast food joint, it certainly exceeded my expectations!  If I ever pass through Charlotte Douglas International airport again, I'll be eating here!
4	I had an unexpectedly lengthy layover at the Charlotte airport during my recent venture to the midwest, and discovered there was a Bojangles just down the corridor from my connecting flight.  I wasn't too hungry, but I couldn't pass on the chance to sample some of the "famous chicken & biscuit," as the signs proclaimed.I opted for the chicken tenders, or "supremes" as Bojangles named them, along with a biscuit.  The chicken was excellent.  The breading was crispier than I'd imagined, and gave it a nice crunch.  The chicken was juicy.  The biscuit was good, but definitely not the best ever (that spot is reserved for Popeye's).Bojangles is definitely a worthy stop for a meal or even a snack if you find yourself at the Charlotte airport with an appetite and little bit of time.
4	I arrived in Charlotte on the red-eye from LA at 6am. I wasn't hungry yet (it was 3am LA time) but the sight and smell of Bojangles made me think "I'm hitting this place on the way back...!" I mean, you have to try every local fried chicken spot, right?And that's what I did even after the soup and flan I picked up in Orlando a couple of hours earlier. So I kept it to a modest serving of a moist fried chicken and served in a crumbly, salty biscuit. There's no better way to fill up on protein, grease, carbs and salt. Love it. $4 isn't McD's cheap, but I trust the food here more and I wish I had the room for the catfish dinner, a rice combo or fruit pie. Yumm!
5	By far the BEST Bojangles from my stay in Charlotte!What made it so great you may ask....Bigger Biscuits - larger, hotter & fresher Egg & Cheese Biscuit.  Still doughy, moist & buttermilky but more of it!Seasoned Fries - available in the morning & when I'm at the airport & needing to catch a 9 AM flight, I really could not care less that it's 7:30 AM - I *still* want my Seasoned Fries & this location delivers!!  Hot, tender & loaded w/ seasoningsFor those who want their yummy spicy chicken at 7:30 AM, how awesome that it's there & ready for youOverall this was the 1 location where I didn't have to make 2 trips b/c 1 item was there & the other wasn't due to be categorized as b-fast vs lunch & I didn't have to leave work to make a special venture for BOTH my Biscuit & Fries......1 stop shopping & bigger portionsFantastic way to greet your arrival to Charlotte or send you off in the YUMMIEST way possible!!
5	I have never been a fan of fast food until now. The fried chicken was crispy yet tender, the mashed potatoes were smooth, the biscuits were crunchy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. My god why doesn't Bojangles come on down to SF?!
5	With a sign saying world famous chicken, they had better deliver...and boy do they ever.Crispy spicy chicken and you don't get greasy hands like you do at KFC!! I love that the biscuits are big enough to slop up the gravy...maybe they need to use it like a cup for the gravy!  Thank goodness I had the foresight to buy this instead of the tacky snacks they want you to buy on the plane. I made the poor man sitting next to me cry from the smell of chickeny goodness during the flight. One thing I didn't like is that they still have the styrofoam packaging that eats up landfills. Otherwise, a good place to hunker down to get your clucks on.
4	One great thing about The South is Bojangles!  I never expect much out of fast food establishments at the airport, but this place had their s - - t together!Breakfast was the sausage biscuit combo with the tater rounds, or whatever they named em, and then...I couldn't resist - testing their side of grits...hey, I'm in the South, remember?  They were awesome!  slow-cooked...not the instant crap you get up North or at any Cracker Barrel.  Really hit the spot, and was a good way to say, "Bye, Ya'll" to Tha South!
4	Oh hell yes, this makes travel a whole lot more bearable.  Only downside is they don't have the fry seasoning out so I can MSG overload my chicken and biscuits as well.
3	There is almost always a huge line for this place.I guess its better than Popeyes but I wish they had salads so I could pretend to be healthy.
5	This gets five stars for being the best airport fast food location ever. I diverted my red eye from New York to Fort Myers (Spring Training yea!) just so I could get breakfast here. I always thought that you could make a whole restaurant around selling KFC biscuits, and it turns out they already have! Except, Bojangles biscuits are better! Flaky, coronary artery disease inducingly butter, just the right kind of meal to alleviate a morning hangover and then put you right back into a food coma as you step onto the plane. While the biscuit sandwiches are the easiest on the go, you must do the white gravy and sausage if you have a few seconds to stop and smell the gravy.
2	I ate here after a long red-eye from San Diego and before getting on a teensy commuter flight, so maybe my two-star review is due to my general long flight grumpiness and not necessarily due to Bojangles' food. But: 1) The hasbrowns / tater rounds thingies were grotie, greasy, soggy and pretty tasteless, and seemed like they had applied for jobs as hash browns at Burger King and were rejected, so came to Bojangles instead.2) The "breakfast chicken biscuit" - which I'm pretty sure is just the name of the chicken biscuit when served before 10am, because it's just (wait for it, big suspense here) a piece of chicken on a biscuit - was just ok.  The biscuit was fluffy but dry, and the chicken was pretty dry too.  Tasty, but dry.3) The ice tea was gooood.  So there's that.
3	What can I say, I was in Charlotte for about 60 minutes and managed to eat at a Bojangles!  Reminded me of old times.  I had a connecting flight, was starved and it was the last stop on the way to the gate. It worked.  Sweet tea made my teeth hurt.  Chicken had just the right amount of spice.  Biscuit was buttery.  Dirty rice was tasty.  It worked  in a pinch!
4	Did a fly-by here during a very brief layover recently. The fries were good and the chicken smelled evenly, altho I can't eat it. We ordered large drinks and they gave us regular, but given our 20 minute run to our jetway we couldn't really complain.
4	I was on a grease roll and didn't pretend to be healthy yesterday.I ordered the 3 pieces (I should order 2 next time!) with the dirty rice and a side of warm mouth watering (and melting) biscuit. The biscuit is so much better than something out of KFC but I am sure they used so much more butter! The chicken was crispy and the meat was so moist! The skin was not a thick load of batter like some fried chicken can get and the spice was just right. Till next time, Bojangles!
2	I arrived to CLT at 5am from Denver and walked right past Bojangles (would never normally think to eat there). While sitting in the USAir club thinking how breakfast options are terrible at this airport, I jumped onto yelp. After reading reviews, I made the trek down at 7am on a Saturday. Pretty good line formed (about 9 deep) but I'd say it only took 4-5 minutes until I had ordered and received my order!  Biscuits were pretty decent. Sausage and gravy biscuit was also good at the time. Cajun chicken I tried too but didn't seem very breakfast like, but was of alright quality for a fast food airport joint.  After about an hour though, I sure felt like crud.  I never have stomach problems from food - but this one sure made me feel somewhat sick on my next two flights.  Will not return.  Not worth it, especially when flying and either way the food is NOT good for you at all.
3	Efficient and convenient, as well as not being a rip-off.   I love me some biscuits and chicken, so this always makes for a good purchase whenever I am passing through the airport and have time to eat.
3	Look I like Bojangles but not in an airport setting!  Seriously no one needs to eat like that and then jump on a plane, you deserver better!
4	It was the day after Xmas - on our way to Cozumel so we were looking for a nice bfast spot in CHarlotte airport. My bf originally wanted some fake bagel place, but I schooled him on the ways....listen up...Anything that says "famous" and "biscuits" and sounds like jazz - u eat that no matter what. And we did...it was glorious. The biscuit was so buttered up, it was heaven. Of course it was 10am, so we're not crazy..instead of chicken...we ordered the biscuit and sausage sandwiches. Hit the spot, put me to bed on my connecting flight.We're so glad we experienced this treasure of Charlotte. We wanted to get this on the way back as well, but alas - customs took too long.so - NOJANGLES!
3	Not a fan of greasy and oily food but didn't have much of choice since I needed food togo to take on my flight back to SFO. The workers were friendly and helpful. Overall, good and happy.
3	Bojangles offers fast food quality Cajun style fried chicken, in this case in the Charlotte Dougles International Airport. Having spent a great deal of time around the gulf coast and across Louisiana I'd like to think I have a certain appreciation for this type of food, but I experienced little of the characteristic flavor the cuisine is known for. Judged on the merits of Airport fast food, it is a worthwhile option, but apart from the excellent biscuits and heavily peppered fries, I world put it somewhere behind Popeyes in the world of fast food chicken. The main issue I had is the chicken isn't spicy at all, which puts it an incredible disadvantage to better seasoned alternatives.
4	You HAVE to stop here in the Charlotte Airport if you ever are here to transfer flights or such. I came here twice, and both times I haven't been disappointed! The 2 piece combo is so delicious. The leg and thigh are both freakin' juicy and the breaded skin is amazing and crunchy. Actually if you think the thigh is too oily, you can ask for 2 leg pieces.The biscuit is good, not too buttery (make sure you get the honey packets to dump on it!!) YUM. I tried the dirty rice, pretty good with hot sauce, the beans were not my cup of tea, and I've had better cole slaw, but the cole slaw was refreshing. Fries were well seasoned, and the sweet tea was delicious! Honestly, I just love the chicken here, better than anything I've had before. I even looked on their site to see if they had any locations near Cali, but sadly it's just in the southern and east coast regions. Anything with the word "Famous" in the title, you gotta try at least once! This was definitely worth it. Til next time Bojangles, til next time..
4	"JIGGA JIGGA, CALL THAT GIRL BOJANGLES".... YUM-O CHICKEN!I was SO excited to see Bojangles in the terminal during my 2-hour stopover from Miami and I'm really glad I tried this place. Notes: -The biscuit was humongous.... but it was the most boring biscuit I'd ever eaten. So much so that I actually gave up halfway through eating it and let my brother have it. It wasn't creamy or buttery or flaky enough for me. It was just.... bleh... a biscuit, and I probably could've made better at home.-Loved the sweet tea, because I'm a fanatic for Southern-style sweet tea. -The chicken was the real prize. Crunchy like popeye's, tasted like it was marinated in Cajun spices too. We didn't order spicy but there was just this kick in the back of your throat from the chicken that made your mouth say "Hello". -The fries were REALLY salty. I thought side dishes were supposed to help balance out the salty flavor between the main dish (the chicken)? Um no, each bite was like a flavor explosion that I didn't necessarily enjoy all too well: spicy chicken, salty fries, sweet tea, repeat. Oh wait, maybe that's where the bland biscuit comes into play? Anyhow, the prices are almost reasonable but definitely more expensive than any other fast-food fried chicken joint. The largest family dinner (I think it was an 8-piece with sides) in order to feed a family of 5 cost us $30 and we were still hungry afterwards. So you're telling me it would've cost us $60 to satisfy us?Would I go back? Yes. Would it be worth it? Probably not. My advice: Skip the mumbo-jumbo hoopla sides and just order the chicken and a sweet tea. You'll feel much more fulfilled.
4	05.17.11I wish I weren't such a sucker for fried chicken.  But, I am.And Bojangles makes it with the best of them.The skin is breaded, and fried, but it still manages to maintain moisture through the meat.  And it's juicy and crispy.Like!
4	I have to give it four stars, becuase it is Bojangles, and they do have both cajon chicken biscuits and sandwiches, however, it's way overpriced, even for an airport. The dining area is shared with another restaurant, but seems big enough for both.The service was a little slow, but friendly.
1	How did Bo Jangles' get 3.5 stars??  Melly Mel and I ordered:4 Piece Supreme Snack (comes with a biscuit, no drink)4 Piece Supreme Combo (comes with a biscuit, a side, AND drink)Well, we got fries with both orders (no one is going to complain about that!), but we asked for honey mustard with one order, and ranch with the other.  We only got honey mustard.  They were nice enough to give me some ranch sauce without charging me extra for it.  Now comes to the chicken - it sucks.  It's dry and flavorless, and to top it off, these pieces are small.....I mean, really small.  Imagine 2 Chicken McNuggets stacked side by side, that's the size of 1 piece @ Bo Jangles'.  And the prices!!  For what we ordered, we paid $15.  Not worth it.  I hope people in the south have Popeye's....b/c Bo Jangles' ain't cuttin' it....he should probably stick to tap dancing b/c chicken ain't his thang....
3	Did I love my chicken and fries because this was my first meal in the USA after two weeks in Europe? Maybe, but it was delicious! I had a delicious grilled chicken sandwich which I would happily get again! I also had some fries which were good but very salty.  I liked the chicken and would happily go to Bojangles again.  Two detractors: too much salt and Pepsi. Pepsi is evil and nasty. I had to walk across to the gift store to get a coke.
4	I had the Cajun Chicken Filet Sandwich and it was really good! Of course it was overpriced but hey it's the airport, what do you expect. You've got to try this sandwich!
4	This place really hit the spot. I was on a two hour layover, had only about 2-3 hours of sleep under my belt, and needed some comfort food. Bojangles definitely delivered in that aspect. While the concourse was pretty busy (7:00 AM on a weekday), the line was tolerable and moved relatively quick. I found it to be a pretty efficient operation; a friendly woman took my order in the line and gave me a receipt to eventually use at the register. Despite the relatively light line everyone in the kitchen area seemed to be a bit stressed, the individual at the end of the assembly line kept on forgetting to hand over drinks to customers with combo orders. The adjacent dining area is shared with a bagel shop and felt a bit small considering the relatively high volume of patrons that morning; I was lucky enough to find a table clearing out. I ordered the Cajun Fillet biscuit combo, which came with a side of bo-tato rounds (hash browns).. and somehow a cinnamon roll got thrown into the mix. The fillet was buttery, spicy and really hit the spot. The potato rounds were bite-sized like Burger King/Hardee's but were about 5x thicker and simply divine. The cinnamon roll was good.. I'd like to someday try the delicious looking bo-berry biscuits on display. This was my first breakfast at Bojangles, and I was impressed. All in all, for the amount of food and inclusive drink I received, I found the price ($7.50) to be very reasonable for CLT.. The other day I desperately paid $13 for a simple sandwich and bottled water from a Wolfgang Puck kiosk during a short/hectic connection caused from a series of thunderstorms that crippled airport operations.
4	good chicken in an airport. i personally think its better than kfc. some of the workers didnt know what the hell they were doing but that was ok
3	Having Bojangles made my day! Since I'm not living in the South anymore I miss having my Bojangles but on my flight back home to my convenience there was one in the airport! I ordered a 2 piece dinner with a side of dirty rice. The chicken was fried a little too long but was good none the less. The dirty rice put an extra smile on my face. The biscuit wasn't flaky like I liked but I was just excited to have Bojangles.Bojangles is a Southern staple and if you haven't been you should definitely give them a try when you're in the South!
5	Forget KFC!Forget Popeyes!Forget Churchs!Bojangles is where its at!Located on Concourse B at the CLT Airport...Ordered chicken n biscuit on my layover!
4	Chicken Biscuit is soo BOMB... Too bad there are no "Bo Jangles" in Cali...
3	Stopped by Bojangles for the 1st time when we had a layover at Charlotte Airport. I'm not a big fan of fried chicken, but thought I'd give this "southern" joint a try.It wasn't bad. Didn't taste a whole lof of a difference from KFC. I didn't like it as much as Popeye's. Price was very reasonbable, and there's plenty of seating next door.
2	Honestly don't know what everyone is raving about. Fries were good but were sweet? Biscuit and chicken were tasteless.
5	We don't have Bojangles in MA.It was right between my gates on my layover. Chicken biscuit for lunch and one for the flight.  WINNING
3	I had to get a snack before my flight and Bojangles was right next to my terminal. Since I don't like biscuits, the menu is quite limited so I got some hashbrowns. Food was good (hot and not over or under done) and service was decent.
3	Pretty good fried chicken and biscuits for having to mow them all in a matter of 10 minutes.  The tenders were great, the biscuit was great but the french fries were oversalted as hell.  Plus I didn't get any BBQ sauce with my box, thankfully my buddy Jon had an extra one.
4	Decided to stop here between flights on my way back home to California. I was surprised to see a fried chicken place at an airport, so I thought I'd give it a try. Got a fried chicken biscuit that was tasty and the people behind the counter were really friendly. Only downer was that there wasn't any area to sit down, but other than that, I like this place.
4	During a delayed layover at the Charlotte airport, my fella and I decided to grab a snack while we waited for our flight. We ordered a cajun filet biscuit and a chicken leg to share. I have heard about Bojangles, but never came across one in my travels until yesterday. The biscuit and chicken were very tasty. The sandwich had the right amount of spice and the chicken was extremely moist and the portions were great. The filet was really meaty and juicy. The chicken leg was also moist and flavorful. Definitely a nice little stop if you're in the area. I hadn't planned on eating during my wait, but after seeing everyone sitting around me with a Bojangles box, I just couldn't resist the enchanting call of the siren.
5	This location is in side the airport in Charlotte.  It may not be the best in the health Dept..    But, the food is fantastic.!  I love the mashed Potatoes and gravy.I have been here many times so i have tried a lot of different items.The French Fries are incredible. The chicken as well as the sandwiches are well worth the wait in line.  Not to eat every day because, there will be a lot of calories,but once every now and then. FANTASTIC!
3	Fat G. loves his fried chicken, especially if it's from the South.On the way back to base, I was looking for a lunch option since we had left our hotel earlier than expected. Wanting to pass by some of the franchise places, I checked Bojangles out in the Concourse B side of the airport. (I realize now that Bojangles is a franchise, but it doesn't slow me down from checking out the place.)There's a simple counter with the menu items above on the wall. On the right is a shared eating area with other restaurants, and you can see the planes go by too.I ordered a two piece dinner, which came with a biscuit, leg and thigh, and Dirty Rice as my side. The biscuit was fresh and buttery, and the dirty rice was good, with chunks of meat in it. The chicken however was ok; it wasn't as dry as some Kentucky Fried Chicken orders I've had in the past. It was really greasy though, and not as controlled as Popeye's.For what it's worth, it's a fine additional choice to all the food places in the airport. if you're looking for a snack or so, then this is the place for you.
1	Um - I would like to report a rape !I ordered a 2 piece dark meal with a side of fries and a bottle of water - $10.57 - i should have told that kid where he could have put that chicken.
4	Yes, I know it's a chain and housed inside an international airport, but I don't care. Forget KFC and even Popeye's. Bojangles fried chicken tops them all. How can you beat a perfectly breaded and fried cajun filet biscuit? Answer: You can't!
5	I have to write another review on this place. It is located inside the Airport here in Charlotte,NC. ,even though it has a lot of calories..it is fantastic!  This time i got the Chicken strips with French Fries.It was as always so good!The line is long, because,it is so good. But, they are very quick and you get your food fast. The price is not that bad, and it is in the airport which is high to begin with.But, I think Bojangles price is not that bad.It is good and it is nice and hot. Always fresh, because they are doing such great business, nothing has time to sit around.
3	Pretty good cajun chicken sandwich for breakfast but a little bit greasy.
2	Ehhh ... it was OK. I got the Cajun fillet biscuit and the berry biscuit. I was waiting at the airport to board my flight and decided to try this.To be honest, I like Chick-fil-A chicken biscuits better :-/  The berry biscuit was OK as well. Mehhhh...I'm not very hard to please when it comes to food (#fatkidtendencies) but when I've had better, I must admit it. I probably won't try this place again.
5	Had a 3 piece dark with dirty rice and a sweet tea. The chicken was hot and crispy, and the service was fast, even with 8 people in front of me. This is as good as fast-food fried chicken can get.The only negative was that the tea was a little too sweet.
4	I've gotta admit, of all the fried chicken fast food places, I like this chain the best. The service was great, and the food is better than Popeye's, Church's, or KFC (all in Houston). The fried chicken has a great crunch and flavor; the french fries are delicious with its unique seasoning. Every time I go to NC and I need a quick meal, Bojangles is the place!
2	As far as fried chicken available in an airport when you are waiting for your next flight - it's adequate. It has all your favorite items (or items that you tolerate when you have to eat at a Bojangles) and serves it up pretty quickly.The airport price-gouging mark up that you would find at any eatery in an airport is here, but given the Bo's normally low prices, it won't hit you to hard in the wallet. Biggest issue? Limited table seating. If the airport is even remotely busy, be prepared to have to carry it to your gate and balance your Styrofoam container precariously upon your thighs while you try eat in the shitty faux-leather chairs.
2	I wish I had time to try the chicken! This review would have had higher stars probably. I only had the sausage biscuit while running between flights and wasn't about to eat chicken on the plane no matter how awesome it looked. Sausage biscuit was OK. Quick service. Will come back to try other things if I'm ever in Charlotte again.
4	This is my favorite place for chicken... everytime i stop in charlotte my first stop is at bojangles....
5	After a rancid Popeye's sausage biscuit in Dallas airport and a semi-fulfilling pretzel to make up for it, Bojangles was a grand sight to see during my first trip to Charlotte Airport. The Wing Dinner with mash potatoes did not disappoint. A nice welcome back to NC even if it was the wrong side of eh state.
4	forget church, your soul needs a Cajun chicken biscuit. STAT.
5	HEY YOU ON YOUR STOPOVER - GO HERE!That should be enough right? No? Well then read on...You cannot get better fast food fried chicken. If I lived in Charlotte, I would probably find a way to get into the airport just to go to this location.More?I had two stopovers here and both times were excellent at opposite times of day. I have a theory that this location has consistently fresh turnover of food because it is right next to the terminal. People keep coming off their flight hungry, so they gotta keep making fresh food to fill the demand. That's where you come in.Don't you have a flight to catch?If you're still reading, here's what I get every time and why. Two piece dinner, dark meat, The chicken is golden brown, and has a crispy, perfect flavor, perfect crispness, and big juicy pieces. Everything about it is just exactly the way I like it. Mashed potatoes are obviously constituted and come with this rich, tasty gravy. For fast food mashed, it is tops. But by far, the best part of the meal is the huge flaky biscuit, not too buttery, crisp and firm on outside. It must be made (somewhat) from scratch because it's too good.Service is good, but there is no free water and airport drinks are expensive. You can add a fountain drink for a dollar or so or wait til your flight. Which by the way, shouldn't you be getting on to right now?
2	I walked the length of 2 terminals to get to Bojangles. And after staring at the menu I ordered the 3 piece meal and the fries side. For $1 I added the ice tea. All's well so far. Then I take a bite of the chicken. It's steaming hot and the skin is crispy, but after the second or third bite I start to gulp the iced tea. The chicken is super salty. And I still had 2.5 pieces to get through...I'm not wasting it! To help make it more edible I grabbed done hot sauce and dunked the chicken in.After all the effort, I was full, but not satisfied. I think I should've just stuck to the open-faced European-style sandwiches at Beadeuvin in the Central Terminal. That's a classy, healthy spot in this airport. Someone needs to tell the chef that salt in NOT in fashion anymore! Can't believe this is the same place I gave 4-stars to in 2008!
5	Perfect Fried ChickenI usually end up in Concourse B and it makes me so happy to be next to the Bojangles. Their chicken is perfect. It's crispy, juicy, savory all the way through, and a little spicy. The dirty rice is great too. The only thing I can complain about is the biscuit. It doesn't split into two and it's not flakey, but that's ok because the chicken is amazing.This Bojangles is enough reason to fly through CLT. Food 5/5Value 4/5
3	Delicious, juicy fried chicken, although both the chicken and sides are not as good as Popeyes.  The skin crisps up quite well and the salt content isn't completely overwhelming (although I was still shocked at the 3000mg of sodium I consumed in a SMALL box of chicken).  Try it if you are in the greater Charlotte area and need to eat some NC soul food.
5	Having never been to this airport, or NC for that matter, Bojangles was a foreign name to me.  But after trying the fried chicken (at 7:30 in the morning), I will forever tell my friends that it's a MUST try if doing a stopover in Charlotte!Bojangles serves up some legit, piping hot, fresh, crispy, fried chicken.  And for breakfast, the tots in the meal are slightly onion ring-flavored and awesome.  I normally don't care much for biscuits, but, damn, the biscuits are buttery, dense, and pretty irresistible!We liked it so much that we made sure to hit it up again on our second flight through Charlotte.  Bojangles... please come to LA!
4	So we had a layover in Charlotte,NC on our way to Jamaica. About two hours just enough time to get to the next terminal, Because this place is packed. In the sea of people rushing to their next flight, I see a Familiar red and white bag in a gentleman's hand. The first thing that came to my mind was Bojangles. And while the Colonel ran "Bo" out of Kentucky, I still hold a special place in my belly for Mr Bojangles. What you find here is what you expect, fast, hot and fresh. Almost forget to mention good. Service is quick, not sure if the person was friendly, because i couldn't understand what she said. I think she said, may I make you over, so I just Gave her my order and my food somehow found it's way into my hand. Love that red and yellow sign
4	Ran into this joint at the Charlotte intl. airport....The line to get this would not shrink.. I will make sure my next connecting flight is into Charlotte just to get me some of this goodness! lol  They need to work on the biscuit, more butter!  Must try..4 stars only cause I love my Popeyes,
4	Pretty damn awesome biscuts and breakfast sandwhichs ,The chicken was awesome to.
4	I'm a big Popeye's fan so I like my fried chicken crispy and a bit spicy. I wasn't disappointed with Bojangles. It's juicy and flavorful. You can also try their special bbq and white sauce. Both are pretty good, but the chicken can stand alone on its own. Their dirty rice with bits of meat and sauce is nice as well. If you are from the north, and happen onto a Bojangles in your travels, try some.
4	I was lucky enough to have a layover right next to this place. I have never been to North Carolina, but I want to go back if this is anything like the food offerings available I had the Cajun chicken biscuit and it was delicious. It was clearly fatty and totally bad for you (but what else would you expect?), but it was crunchy, hot, spicy, and the chicken was moist. I want another one right now. It was very good. This is definitely a great option if you're ever in this airport.
4	I decided to go with the 4piece boneless. It wasn't bad but they didn't have buffalo sauce which was a major let down. Biscuit was amazing as usual. Overall not bad at all.
1	The ham and biscuit sandwich is horrible and need to be take off the market. The people's money need to be refunded its too salty. We were so disappointed when we had to get this on our layover and had to get directly on the plane.
4	My first ever Bojangles experience was at this airport location. It made me hunt one down in Florida. I wish all airports had one...
2	Saltiest ham, egg and cheese biscuit I've ever had. I can feel my blood pressure rising. Coffee was pretty lousy too. The potato rounds were ok.
4	Decided to try out some chicken and biscuits when flying through the airport here. Damn good stuff NC, keep up the good work.
4	It's place it's delicious, the chicken tenders tasted amazing, they have an option of dipping sauce of Ranch, BBQ, Honey Mustard. The fries tasted fresh and the biscuit tasted home made adding the honey or butter made it better :) I would recommend this place to anyone hungry and waiting for the next flight out. Place is great too bad the customer service is not as good as the food. A lot of atti
5	Cajun Filet biscuit a nice morning wake-me-up. Don't forget the honey and Cajun hot sauce!
4	Wow true southern food in an airport in the south! Right? Seems racist lol but food was good. Long line of fat white people. It was really creepy but the food was yummy. Chicken was so yummmmmy I was feeling sick at this airport but once I eat the chicken my sickness went away. Thank you Mr bojangle for curing me with your powers of the south. If I have layover again here I'll come here for sure! Cool.
5	I didn't know it was possible to be in heaven at an airport. Especially considering the freezing rain and snow is delaying everything. The chicken is delicious. The biscuits are delicious. Nothing else to really day because that's all you need. Lifted my spirits and filled me up. I'm actually sad my flight is boarding because I couldn't finish it all.
5	Holy cow, how come we don't have one of these in Houston?  They might could give Chick-Fil-A a run for their money, lol.  Take in mind this review is based solely on my breakfast purchase of the tastiest chicken biscuit I have had to date.The chicken is cajun and seasoned perfectly, not too spicy, perfect amount of heat.  Chicken breast was very juicy, not dry at all.  The biscuit was soft, fluffy and also had a great buttery flavor as well.  Hand in hand the cajun chicken paired perfectly with the biscuit, which I might add was hearty in size as well.  I would SO opt for their cajun chicken biscuit over the spicy chicken biscuit from Chick-Fil-A because sometimes theirs is a hit and miss with the size of meat and heat level.Whenever I get back to these parts, I am going to look for a Bojangles and tear up another biscuit, lol.  The fried chicken looks fantastic so I know I want to try that also.  Lucky all of you that have one of these nearby; can you airmail me one, lol
5	Be warned.  This is gateway Bojangles.  It can lead to full-scale Bojangles addiction.  I fly USAIRWAYS rather than Delta to get to this, the first Bojangles I can get to on the way home, anticipating, hoping, to deboard at or depart from gates B9 -12, so as to have enough time to experience Bojanglification (Music, there should be music:  Harps.  And angels.  Angels making that holy "Ahhhh" sound).  Nobody's claiming it's health food, but it is the absolute best chain southern fried chicken, and holds its own among any I've tried, at any price, anywhere.  The unhealthiest part, the battered, fatty skin, is of course, the absolute best. uniformly, consistently crispy, perfectly seasoned with just the right amount of their proprietary Cajun seasoning, with just a touch of heat (maybe a touch less than there used to be?), and the meat juicy, moist, and flavorful to the bone.  The fresh biscuits, for which I think them equally well-known, while not particularly "flaky", are light and fluffy, and generally delicious on their own, the combination perfectly complimented by the (usually) perfectly brewed sweet tea, uncontaminated by unnecessary additions of such as raspberry or peach flavor, and usually just perfectly, and not overly sweet, to the Southern tongue at least (though would not be enough to my SC housemate).  I have tried most, if not all of the breakfast biscuits, and love them as well, but can understand some folk's shock at the saltiness of the ham biscuit, but note it is (correctly) billed as "country ham", as opposed to I guess "city ham", of the deli meats/sandwich slice variety, softer, and far less briny, but Bojangles' is true to the country ham tradition, so be warned, and keep the BP meds handy.  The Bo-Berry biscuits are an icing covered sugary mess to eat, and absolutely delicious when warm, but one is sufficient, or a tad more than, and should not be consumed by the diabetic except in immediate anticipation of administration of last rites or at least loss of consciousness.  I'm not sure the Bo-Berries are quite worth the sugar overdose, but the chicken is worth every juicy, delectably, deliciously, nose-opening, olfactory and salivary stimulating calorie and milligram of sodium - at least once in a while.      While it's not all been perfect every single time I've been through, it's been so remarkably, consistently excellent at this small, extremely high-traffic outpost on so many separate occasions, that I can't fault them for the one time or two time "off-tasting" teas or not quite up to their usual near-beatific peak on every occasion, and the prices aren't bad for an airport location.  I'm pretty stingy with that 5th star and in the face of the mournful opprobrium of the Yelp masses generally don't even consider it for fast food and chain restaurants, but in this case, I think it's warranted, so you can take that drum stick and eat it (and thank me later).
4	When I had to transfer in Charlotte, all I got was Bojangles chicken. I mean what can beat fast and yummy fried chicken! I would say they are pretty decent - just by looking at the waiting line, you'll know how popular this place is. The chicken skin was not as crispy as what I would want it to be, but I loved the wings - they had the perfect flavor, also not TOO oily. My only complaint is its price...
4	Why 4 stars? Because I could do worse at an airport.   ---   ---   ---Like any insanely obsessed foodie, I used my $8 in-flight WiFi to look up the Charlotte airport's food options so I could have at least an hour to decide on what I was going to eat for lunch. I was going to go with the Mongolian Grill until I noticed Bojangles. I have a friend from North Carolina that has pimped Bojangles for years, so my choice was pretty obvious.I took about 617 people movers from my terminal to BoJ's, and my conclusion is this: while it's really good, I wish it could be slightly more about quality than fast foodish. The idea of warm biscuits and fried chicken is so obvious, it made me wonder why more places are not based around this heavenly combination of comfort food. It was delicious, but the lack of a 5th star is due to just a bit much on the layers of fried breading before reaching the chicken.You take those biscuits with Publix or PDQ fried chicken? My God... I'd be flying to Charlotte just for a stop at BoJangles.
2	That Cajun Chicken Biscuit was the saltiest thing I've ever eaten...and I've eaten pure salt.
3	Soggy skin on chicken.  Chicken breasts were huge though with lots of meat.  First time eating here.  Also the biscuit was just blah, not bad but not good either.  Would rather eat kfc.  Wasnt awful, just okay
5	5 stars because Bojangles biscuits are delicious. This is an airport Bojangles so it's a litttle bit more expensive but its worth it if you're in the B terminal. It's also relatively cheap compared to other places in the airport. I mean come on what are you going to get a bag of beef jerkey from Hudson News and a soggy turkey sandwich out of some fridge???? No. Don't do that to yourself. Just get some chicken'n Biscuits and start your diet tomorrow when you're done jet setting.
1	Yuck.  Make sure you're sitting near the lavatory on your flight... or just run away from this place.  High price.  Fried pieces of #inappropriateforyelp Rude service.  Long creepy 6" fake fingernails on staff - neon green and orange.  Not the type of thing I want handling my food.  Bleh!
3	Pretty darn decent for airport food! Grouchy, hungry and missed flight makes one hard to please customer. Chicken tenders were surprisingly better than my wings. Tenders had a really good crunch and good spice in the batter. Chicken wings were too thickly battered for my tastes. Biscuit looked crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside sadly, it looked better than it tasted. If you're stuck at this airport you could do worst.
5	I really think their chicken at this airport location is spicier than elsewhere. My choice to pick up food for flights when I'm at this airport.
3	Service was quick and fast, despite a long line in the morning. I've only had the breakfast cajun filet biscuit sandwich here and it was pretty decent, but nothing compared to Chik Fil A. The chicken is juicy and the biscuit is very well made. But I think the overall quality is not as great as a Chik Fil A biscuit sandwich.
1	Knowing that I had a layover in Charlotte, NC, and knowing that there was a Bojangles in the airport I just had to look up the location (end of Terminal B) so that I could run over during my short layover. I waited in a speedy line, but when I got to the front I realized it was fast because the cashier was very short with me, bordering on rude, and not helpful. I ordered a Cajon Filet Biscuit, fries, sweet tea, and a bo-berry biscuit. I was quickly shuffled down the line to wait for my food. A number similar to mine was immediately called, and someone else at the front of the line immediately grabbed it and walked away. I waited wondering when my food would be ready; at this point, I thought it was a normal wait because numbers before mine were still being called. Five minutes later, the gentleman that took the order before me came back to the counter stating that what he received/took was not his order. I then come to find out that it was MY order. A supervisor was nearby, and offered to make me a new sandwich. No one offered me a new sweet tea or bo-berry biscuit. I asked the server for a new sweet tea, and he obliged me. The supervisor returned with my sandwich and forgot the fries, but then quickly remembered and added them.No one offered me a new bo-berry biscuit. I don't understand why the supervisor didn't offer to replace everything, considering a random person walked away with my food and was in possession of it for roughly five minutes. I don't understand why I had to specifically ask for a new sweet tea. I didn't ask for a few bo-berry biscuit, and it was never offered to me. That's just ridiculous, who thinks it ok to essentially get "used" food. They didn't even open the box to check that it wasn't obviously contaminated.  I didn't bother arguing with the service members because clearly they don't value customer service or cleanliness. To round out this horrible experience, after hustling to my flight in Terminal D, I sit down to find that the new sandwich I was given was a Cajun Filet Sandwich, which was almost flavorless with not a single hint of cajun flavor, and not a Cajon Filet Biscuit. I didn't come all this way for a bun. I came for the biscuit. The service and food at Bojangles really disappointed me. I will not recommend any Bojangles branch to anyone until my concerns are addressed. And to top it off, the contact feature on there website limits you to ~500 characters so that I wasn't able to submit a moderately detailed description of what happened.
4	The Northeast has Popeye's. The South has Bojangles.My first experience with Bojangles was freshman year of college when I ventured to South Carolina for a spring break service trip. The chicken was perfect: crispy, juicy, moist, not too salty, and fast! Grab a sweet tea and you're good to go.Of course when I saw the Bojangles in the airport, I knew exactly what my next meal would be. Within seconds of ordering (literally), I had my box in hand, ready to hop on my connecting flight. Once on board, I feasted like none other and it was exactly how I remembered. Nothing could take me away from my moments of ecstasy. Not the crying baby three rows back. Not the grouchy grandmother to my left that didn't her ginger ale. Not the extreme turbulence as we ascended into the sky.If you're having a bad travel day (or even a good one), indulge and treat yourself to a chicken dinner that'll make your journey that much better.
4	Dude, I'm from LA and I love Popeyes.  The dirty rice was actually better at this place.  The chicken and biscuits were good but I'm not sure about it being world famous.  I would give this place 3.5 stars but I added the .5 star because this is pretty damn good food for the airport.  Oh I almost forgot.  That sweet tea.  Ahh yeah, so bad but so good. No wonder I get so fat when I'm traveling.  Hahahah.
4	I stopped by Charlotte on my way from San Francisco to Rochester, only 40 mins or so change over time. I rushed from Concourse C to Concourse B just for this famous southern flavor chicken and biscuit. To be honest, the biscuits didn't fail my expectation: really the best that I've ever eaten in US. But the chicken, despite the crispy surface and tender inside, was a little bit mild and weak in flavor. Anyway, it's wonderful to taste something exclusively offered in southeast region.
3	Chicken was hard but biscuits and tea are the best in the world.
4	My first Bojangles experience. I can honestly say I DO understand the hype! I got the cajun chicken biscuit sandwich. It was yummy. No better quality than any other fast food, but better taste than others. A solid choice for the airport.
5	All I've ever had was KFC and Popeyes so since I had a layover in Charlotte I knew immediately what I wanted to try BOJANGLES! Honestly I was quite impressed, I ordered the 4 piece chicken strips with fries, a biscuit and the legendary ice tea and it definitely hit the spot. The chicken is not overly greasy and it has a good flavor. The biscuit was hard, but maybe that's because it was the last thing I ate and it had gotten cold. The tea though - Oh man! That tea is yummy! Just so you know, the line is long, but it goes rather quickly. The staff maybe seem rude to some, but honestly with the amount of traffic they get, they're really not going to have a 5 minute convo about what's the best item on the menu. It's CHICKEN people - Not a 4 star restaurant. Order your damn meal and keep it truck'n!
4	One of my airport "go-to's" as a flight attendant.  I love their sweet tea (it's a traveling splurge), spicy chicken strips and dirty rice...YUM!
5	It was the first time I had bojangles chicken and it was amazing. The skin was crispy with the perfect juiciness and large portions with the perfect batter.The airport bojangles was great to have available but it was a little far from the main terminal intersections. So it was a little bit of a mission to get to from other gates.However, the service was fast and quick and despite being in the airport, the prices was still super quick! If I'm ever in the Charlotte airport again, this is the first pit stop for me unless I'm running late for my flight!
4	Just passing through on my way to Orlando and had a chicken n egg biscuit. Hot, tasty and quick service with a friendly staff.
5	Wow I just never knew their food was so good. I have heard about them. And since this was right next to my terminal. It was yummy the chicken and rice. This place is the best chicken out of all the fast food places I have ever been to. I wish there was was one near my home.
5	Charlotte airport -- long trip upcoming. You can't beat this. The line was long when we got there, but they moved quickly. Prices are a little higher then what I'm used to spending at Bo's but it was a great meal and quick and easy.Growing up in NC, this is what it is all about. I'm so glad they have one in the Charlotte Airport -- In Terminal C I believe.
3	With little time to get something to eat before my connecting flight - I waited in a line that seemed to move quite quickly.The staff were all pleasant and the food was as good as Bojangles gets - a bit dried out and a bit over priced, but when you are in a pinch - it's great having them around!
5	Fast and good service. Big pieces of chicken.  A good chicken joint..better than KFC and Popeyes.
2	Maybe I'm missing something, but I found nothing good about dried up chicken fingers and a overcookrd biscuit that tasted like old grease.  I will definitely stick to popeyes for my chicken.
3	Bojangles goingv downhill fast!!!!!  too many have been opened, and the corportet thing is now ruining them fast.  used to have a GREAT 2.99 meal, but now it's basicay a $5 + meal, and the chicken quality has dropped in several of their places-  especially the ones in plazas.  a shame- bc i used to LOVE bojangles!!!!!  was four stars, now three, and ill bet very soon 2 stars.  a future KFC.  and check out my review of kfc's.
4	Fast, friendly service what else could you ask for? Better chicken? No, they serve a reasonably size bird, ulike KFC, with a marinade that gives it it's signature spicy flavor.  This location is a bit overpriced it being in an airport and they charge for refills drinks.
