5	After trying out the grooming facilities at Petco and Petsmart, we tried Kelly's Kritter Clips. They are fantastic!Our dog (short-hair dachshund) does not like getting his nails trimmed, but especially hates when the groomer tries to Dremel them (like Petco insisted on doing). At Kelly's, he behaves like a gentleman and they get him in and out within a few minutes.We occasionally opt for a full-grooming and when we make an appointment, it only takes about 20 minutes from arrival to departure. This is a huge improvement from the "drop-off" policy at other groomers where your dog is put in a kennel to wait their turn and end up spending a couple of hours there.We highly recommend Kelly's Kritter Clips in Queen Creek!
5	Windy at Kelly's Critter Clips does a fantastic job on our dog.Stanley is a little neurotic, but she manages him well and he looks adorable when he's done. He gets a full schnauzer clip and hers is the best he's ever had. The price is very reasonable too. We've been taking him to her for almost 2 years and have always been pleased.
5	Am so thrilled I tried this place out! Prices are great, service was great, and speed of appointment was great. I took my two yorkies and they look fabulous.
5	Billy bob our dog loves it here !   They do a great job.
5	We absolutely Love the care that our 12 yr old Cocker Spaniel (coach) receives when he is here for his spa day.  Wendy takes phenomenal care of him and he comes home looking and smelling so nice! You cant go wrong here.
5	Brewzer and Vader look amazing. Thank you so much.
5	They got my dog in for an appt right away. Their prices are very reasonable. They were so friendly and fast. Definitely going to take my dog back.
5	Brought my dog here yesterday, for his first grooming experience. I couldn't be happier with how clean and happy my dog was after we picked him up! I am very happy with how soft he is, and how he is shedding so much less. We will definitely be going back!
5	Wow! I just came back from Kelly's Kritter Clips and I am so happy with the way my miniature schnauzer looks with his new haircut! Price was affordable and they were able to accomadate me right away. They were also faster then most groomers. I am so glad I found the perfect pet groomer near home!
