4	I am definitely missing out in Miami. Maybe its the lack of me finding places or the lack of market for these types of places other than IHOP or Dennys. I love breakfast food. Nothing makes me happier than eating goof breakfast food. The food here was off the charts. Its seems like a nice mom and pop shop. I saw daughters taking food to the customers, the younger daughter helping out with dishes. Its a family ran establishment. The food was just delicious. My brother had the waffles with fresh fruit. It was a large portion but he finished it. I had the Eggs Benedict with salmon. Wow that was one of the best eggs benedict I have ever eaten. The hollandaise sauce and the bagel/muffin (not sure what it was) complemented well with the sunny side up egg and the smokey salmon flavor. It came with sliced potatoes which were soo good. I was with a large group of people and by then end everyone's plate was empty, and I am not exaggerating.Hopefully I can find a breakfast place that is on par with Breakfast club because I love me some breakfast food.
4	Had breakfast here with my cousin's and the plates are big kind of like home style cooking plates. It was a good experience having breaskfast here.
2	The service is excellent and the portions are generous but found the food very disappointing. The sauces (cheese and benedict) were too salty and tasted like chemicals rather than made from fresh ingredients. The crepes had a pastey texture and were tasteless. The bacon felt like it had been microwaved.The two little pieces of fruit on the plate were good though.Too many great breakfast places to enjoy to want to go back.
3	Good place for breakfast/brunch. Thankful that their fries are home made, not the frozen variety. Sometimes foods tend to be on the greasy side, like their Latkas. Delicious, yet for my liking, a little too greasy. Their European style sausages are really good. Like another reviewer said, a little more fruit on the plate would be greatly appreciated. Their prices are on the reasonable side.
5	Excellent Service, generous portions and the prices are....American...$10.95 for a benedict with coffee!
1	Just had breakfast here with my sisters and mother for mother's day. Understandably, this day is one of the busiest for brunch-goers, but we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived a little after 9am and were seated immediately. The waitress promptly brought over coffee, even though only one of us drinks coffee.The menu has many options, typical of breakfast joints throughout the city. That's all the good I have to say about this place! When we finally received our food, the eggs were incredibly inconsistent from one plate to the other. Three of us ordered 2 eggs over. Out of the 6 eggs we received, at least half of them were undercooked, with the whites being way too runny. Now I like a runny yoke, but I draw the line at a runny white... That is unacceptable when serving eggs, unless you request your eggs to be over easy, which we didn't! To add insult to injury, one of us also had pancakes with our egg plate and the pancakes were burnt on one side... When we asked for a manager, we were told she was busy... She finally came over and when we explained what happened she just said we should not have eaten it... We then told her we didn't eat it and we refused to pay for one of the plates.The waitress suddenly became very rude and didn't say a word to us while making us pay and she didn't even give my mother a flower for mother's day, which was a custom we noticed as soon as we walked in... Very rude, and I will more than likely never go back again!
2	I read some blog about a guy going off as to how great this place was. So my wife and I drove to Brossard to check it out.The restaurant is laid out very unusually, its half a bar, pizza place and the other half is the breakfast side. When you first arrive we thought we entered the wrong place, because it was a pizza joint with no server present. Once we walked through the pizza place we entered the side of the breakfast place where some random waiter said "ya just sit anywhere". The food was so-so, my poached eggs were undercooked and under whelming, hollandaise sauce tased like it was the "just add water" stuff. I do give them points for the fresh waffles. The waffles were burnt around the perimeter because they were just cooked fresh in a waffle iron, I would recommend the waffles all day. The waitress we got I think was sniffing glue or something in the back, not very social and she took our order then gave us the bill. She didn't really care about us or if we were happy, and I think she must have forgotten that we were drinking coffee we got one cup each with breakfast. Home fries don't come with all breakfast plates which is not a big deal because they just the deep fried frozen ones anyway. What was odd was the 1/4 melon wedge of cantaloupe, it was weird, I guess the cook didn't have time to make it look nice or cut it into edible sized pieces.  I don't think I would go back. It was a little to "truck stop style" for me.
3	I passed by here under my brother's recommendation. We were seated at the other restaurant the pizza side, although they serve both he menus. I tried the avocado omelette. It was nice. I was seated by host who was very courteous. The waitress however failed to impress. The food was. . . . Meh passable. I guess the overall experience at the restaurant was missing a wow factor. However I had asked the host who seemed to be the manager to change one of the tvs facing my way to put it on a different channel. I initially asked the waitress who just happen to show up only when a. taking the order b. Giving the order and c. paying the bill. So I will give an extra star for the host's effort to change the channel. The restaurant does have nice decorations and a gorgeous bar. Overall, will I recommend the hearty food and service to my nearest and dearests? Nyeeehhh you can pass this one folks.
4	Came here for brunch and I enjoyed my Crepe Brettone Benedict plate.  Delicious and plentiful.  Creamy crepes with bechamel sauce filling and topped with poached eggs and ham.  Definitely happy with this order.  The food came quickly and the price point for most orders were reasonable, most under $15.  They are big Sports and Habs fan so it gets pretty rowdy during games; even the servers get into it, dressing up in team jerseys.If I am craving for creamy and rich goodness for breakfast I will definitely come back here again:)
2	Great friendly service by the staff here. However, personally I find the breakfast menu is sub-par. Our friends rave about this place. Maybe there are not that many places in Brossard for breakfast, but better food and prices can be had elsewhere.
