5	Amazingly good landlord. Quick to respond -- generally would return a phone call or email in under an hour. Helpful above and went beyond the call of duty. Friendly, honest, decent. Would rent with them again in a heartbeat.
5	Excellent landlord with decent, good priced apartments.
5	I have lived at an apartment managed by this company for 1.5 years. They are awesome. The service is top notch. Everything is well maintained and regularly cleaned.
5	I have never dealt with a company this efficient, meticulous and thorough. No complaints at all - I will continue leasing with them as long as I continue to live in Madison
5	I've lived in 7 different apartments in Madison with 6 different landlords and everyone pales in comparison to McBride. Need a repair? They've fixed it by the time you get home from work. Easy to communicate with and they keep the pressure off their customers.
5	I've had three different landlords in Madison and McBride is hands down the absolute best there is. I lived at 699 W Mifflin for 2 years. Any maintenance requests are taken care of in less than 24 hours. They are not shady and do a great job at maintaining the quality of the apartments. They're super nice and don't charge you for superfluous reasons just to get money out of you. HIGHLY recommended!!
5	I've rented with McBride for almost four years now, and I dread the day I don't rent with them anymore. They're great, fantastic people--every problem is fixed immediately, the staff are all professional and friendly, they do maintenance and cleaning regularly on the property's common areas and landscaping. They send email notices a reasonable amount of time prior to entering your apartment to do maintenance, treating their tenants with 10000% respect. I wish they had more properties farther from campus, like in the Monroe/Vilas neighborhood. Through no real fault of their own, a lot of McBride's properties are adjacent to noisy college students or to buildings owned by less caring property management companies. McBride is a gem among the rough for sure.
5	The only bad thing about McBride Companies is that they've now ruined me for ever renting again! I was so spoiled having my first studio apartment be with McBride at 699 Station. Their properties are clean and in beautiful condition. They answered maintenance requests rapidly and actually fixed what was wrong the first time. They are nice and personable in all their transactions. Overall, it was a great experience renting from them and if I'm ever living in Madison again, I'll look them up first! They are a little pricier than some other options, but every penny is worth it!
