1	Terrible customer service!! Talked to a man named Brian about one of their advertisements being GLUED to my window (apparently they think that by ruining someone's tint, the victim of their vandalism may come to get it fixed at their place of business). He told me is was "MY PROBLEM" that it happened. When all I asked was for his company to repair the damage that they did to my car, Brian cussed me out and told me to come down and fight him. As unprofessional as anyone can get. Avoid these scam artists. Go somewhere else!!!
1	In response to Brian M. of Precision Window Tint from 8/21/2012:  It was actually The District parking lot. And the reason it was parked there is because I live there. Brian sure has a great imagination of how he wishes his conversations went. The entire reason I called Precision Window Tint in the first place was to take my car to Brian's place of business to get the whole thing taken care of. I would NEVER expect anybody to leave their shop to work on my car somewhere else (that doesn't make any sense). Brian's poor customer service skills have caused a huge headache to a very simple and logical solution. I run my own business and pretty much know that cussing out and threatening people is not in any way, shape, or form; good business.
5	So here is a real reveiw from someone who had service done by Brian (actually twice).  We had precision come out to do my windows inside and out of my business. Two years ago Brian came out and tinted the windows inside my grooming salon ...He was very reasonably priced professional and promt....After two years of dogs scratching my window and us cleaning drool off it the tint still looks great...So today we had Brian come do our outside windows and we were nothing short of satisfied again. He also did another business in our strip mall and they were also super happy and impressed with his great personality and work (they came down to thank him while he was doing our shop) He does a great job and would rcommend him or his company for any residental or business or car needs!
5	Another review by an actual customer. Brian did the tinting on my SUV. He did an excellent job that was both fast and very reasonably priced. I have referred all my employees to have Precision handle their tinting needs.
5	Brian did the tint on my Grand Am he did such a good job and had excellent customer service that I came back with my Mustang because like I told him, he is the only one I trust with my tint!
5	Tint looks great and they gave me a great deal. I had my car back in less than an hour. Definitely recommend this place!
4	After calling around several places I decided to go with Precision Window Tint. Reason? Of all the 3 places I called, Brian seemed like the only who who truly wanted my business. Not in a desperate way, but in a "let me show you what service I can provide you RIGHT now because I know you're pressed for time and I will do it for you" kind of way. I called around 9amish, asking if he'd be able to tint my car that day (my rare Saturday off). He was able to not only give me a quote over the phone, but assure me that if my vehicle was brought in today, it would be done before 5. I of course yelped, the reviews and even though I was once the fence (I narrowed it down to to places), honestly, I've seen his truck around as well as the sign twirlers on the corner of Sunset and Stephanie AND his professionalism over the phone. I told him I would call him right back and he added, "Please call me back to make sure I don't schedule anyone else." I called one more place and even though their quote was much cheaper, they weren't able to book me till mid week (couldn't do it because I work). Called Brian back, told him I'd be in within an hour and a half and went to the place by 11am. When I got there, what he quoted over the phone didn't change. But instead I chose to go with the ceramic tint, and add tint to the front windshield. Out the door for my car was $245. At around 23oish, we got a call saying my car was done. Got there by 3 and my car looked GREAT!!! I waited a whole week before posting this review because I wanted to see how the tint  and the work would be - - so far, no problems at all and I am very satisfied with the price I paid, the work and the service. Only reason why I didn't give it the full 5 stars was because their credit card machine was down and I wanted to use my card because I get miles on my card. I went to the ATM, and getting $ was no problem, but that was almost 500 milles towards a free ticket!! LOL. Also, there was a yelp check in offer that they weren't aware off. I was super excited about the yelp check in and they said because they didn't know about it, they wouldn't honor it. It's okay...I believe that they work they did to my car was worth the money I paid. Would I refer them? yes. Would I come here again? yes. The ceramic tint DOES make a difference. If you plan on keeping your car for a long time, invest the extra money and get it done!! I'm normally a frugal girl, but I plan on having my car till it dies, so I thought it was worth the money!! BONUS: In house and manufacturer guarantee!! Hang on to your receipts because it's on there!! Thank you Precision Window Tint!
4	Got 5% tint all around & the sun strip on my 300c done by Brian & friends @ precision tint. They got me in same day & done before they closed. Only took 1.5-2hrs max.Would have gave 5 stars but 1st time done the very back was off a small amnt & you could see a little light coming in right above my reverse back up lights. Brian adv me that he himself didn't do the back part & I could bring it back whenever & he would replace it no problem. Took me over a week to make it back in but they fixed it in a lil over an hour & it is perfect now. Awesome bonus was he has the Simpsons arcade game, a 2 person basketball shot, & California need for speed arcade games to play while you wait.
4	My car, 08 ford edge, had factory tint but I was cookin' having just moved here!  Met with the guys at the shop.  They were so nice, explaining everything to me.  Made an appt for next morning, came in, didn't take prob 2 hrs and my car looks GREAT.  I don't know anything about tints but they didn't lie- i didn't have to have dark blackout tint for my car to be cool.  I also had front windshield done, although you really couldn't tell. BUT I can inside. No more baking! Had bubbles for 2 days, followed their directions, they are gone.  I do have a line, distortion on front window, wouldn't have noticed except I'm short and the line hits my line of site.  I haven't called yet to ask about it and if that can be fixed.  It seems like a minor complaint considering how nice the car looks and how great it feels on the inside now.  Had I not had a "line" I would give 5 stars!
5	I am changing my review of Precision Window Tint.  As I said in my previous review, the work is appears to be AWESOME, GREAT QUALITY, with LOTS OF PRIDE.  I have seen their trucks ALL over the place plus, I find a card on my window every so often depending on where you park in Henderson.  AWESOME Marketing.I don't know why they are not familiar with the deals on YELP, but that does not really matter.  The sign inside says a car is $225 for a 4 door & we were quoted a price of $175.  The deal on YELP for $215 will only save you about $10 if you are into doing math.You are told as you leave you have a LIFETIME warranty with the receipt which I believe they will honor as the Owner, Brian takes pride as I said in his work.He does appreciate Yelp Reviews and does read them.  After my first review, he sent me a text with a picture of the sign in the shop showing the prices which is good because I did not have one.  What that also shows me is that this is a guy who cares about his business as most owners never look to see what people are saying on Yelp and could care less.Brian cared about what I said in my first review & wanted to follow up & ensure I understood what was stated in the shop versus what was being charged so I could see the difference in the price given at the shop.To me, this does show an me he is honest & caring.  It also tells me which I want EVERYONE reading this to understand, FORGET WHAT IS BEING OFFERED ON YELP, you will be given the best price at the counter because I have determined as Brian already knows, returning customers & word of mouth advertising (REFERRALS) is the best advertisement a business can have.As I also said in my first review, this place had the highest rating on my side of town, but I say, no matter what side of town you are on, if you want quality with what appears to be the best price, (meaning he stands behind his work for LIFE), then you should bring your vehicle here.Lastly, Thank you Brian for taking the time to reach out to me to help me understand your thinking & logic.  That means more in business then anything else.
5	Thanks to Brian and his crew...i had a awesome experience Today with my car. They were fast and efficient and my car was done in a timely manner!!!!! And love the tint job! Its gonna save us from the hot sun!!! Thanks again :)
4	I am giving this place a 3.5 star and rounding it to 4 star because of their great customer service! I got my car done here. 1.  Location - 3 star - On an off the beaten path Stephanie past the Galleria Mall before you get to Russell if you are driving south.  Not too much parking or anything, Not the easiest to find. 2.  Service - 5 star - I think their service is outstanding. All the staff there is great. From the owner giving you pricing to his team that checks you in.  They manage your pricing expectations, they have a nice cool waiting area.  FOr those of you like me who are newbies at tinting, they explain all the specifics, the legalities and the impact of your decision on the darkness. I liked it alot.3.  Quality - 3 star - I would like to give them 5 star here, however, they were more like 2.75.  Why, because I think that they were either rushed with my job.  All the side and back windows were 5 star.  I specifically wanted the front window tinted and I should not have. The reason is that you can see all the ripples and bubbles as  you stare straight a your front glass. There were bubbles and they advised me to leave the car in the sun as the evaporation will cause the water to leave and the tint will just attach nicely to the window.   Well that was true!  It did just this!  At same time, the five bubbles the size of a dime and nickel left a water stain where it evaporated so everytime the sun shined into my car, I could notice the 5 stains and this irritated me. In addition, the rippling view on an angled front window is very annoying.  I had to bring the car  back  as the rear view mirror was not reattached properly and also they left tools in my car. 4.  Quality - 5 star - So, the issue of the front window was my bad. I wanted it.  They did say if I wanted it to go lightly.  I brought the car back to have it removed and they did it for free. They took me right in and the owner said they would handle it.  That is great experience and they made me feel guilty for my 3 star feeling and that is why it is 5 star.   I feel I had a role to play in the fact that the front was not liked by me.5.  The Extras - 5 star - They did have to remove my old tint and they had to use a lot of steam to do so. I liked the fact that they took care to do this.  the only issue is that all that steam does leave drippings of water and stuff as well as an odor in the car.  Since you cannot wash your car properly for the first week or so, getting all that cleaned is something you will have to do yourself.  So just be aware that this is natural process and you won't have an issue.6.  Price - 4 star - I think I got my moneys worth and the price is competitive. They list all their pricing sheet right in their reception area and that is top class transparency!
5	Precision Window Tint is about as good as it gets.  To try and beat the heat of Vegas, I opted for the ceramic tint. Brian did a great job on my Optima. The customer service and pricing is unsurpassed.  Brian seems to be a very genuine business and family man.  We plan on taking our second vehicle to his shop to get the windows tinted.  I will be happy to refer others to Precision Window Tint.
5	I have driven past this place a million times and when I finally decided to get my windows tinted, I came here first. Brian, the owner, was very helpful in helping us decide what type of tint to get and he was nice enough to do the job the same day. I absolutely love the job he did on my new Altima. I will definitely refer my coworkers and friends to him. Thanks a lot Brian for the great job.
5	We received 3 quotes and none of them could compete!  One quote was 3x's what precision gave us!!!  Frustrated with my local quotes, I turned to yelp and found this little gem!  They quoted me over the phone and I was in and out the same day with my appointment!  The work comes with a lifetime warrantee too!  My old 1986 Toyota MR2 had to have its old tint removed before they could begin.  My old tint was hard to look through and was peeling.  I can't wait to get on the road again and actually SEE through my windows!!  Thank you Precision!  We will definitely be back.....
5	Had my windows done recently at Precision and couldn't be happier with the finished product. Windows look great and everyone at the shop was nice. Highly recommended to anyone looking to get their windows tinted.
5	Decided to go with quality over cheap discount so went to Precision and am very happy with the results. Now, don't get me wrong, this place isn't just quality, it's a fair price too. And, the customer service is great. The owner has a family friendly shop complete with video games, snacks, couches and a tv. I am very excited about my new tint job. Go check out  Precision, it's top notch.
5	Very clean and professional. Got my windows reprinted quickly and with great care and quality. Brian at Precision Window Tint is the guy to see for tinting. I have lots of windows tinted by a variety of people and shops and this is the best service I've had yet!
5	The only reason why I went to this place is bc of the great YELP reviews. Now I know why. I got my last car tinted by another popular LV company and was going to return to them for my new car until I read the reviews for Precision. The owner(I think Brian) was super cool and he had no issue tinting my back Fiat  windows which the dealership warned not to get done bc of possibly shattering.Brian had no problem with them and on the day of my appointment he gave me a ride to the mall so I didn't have to sit at the shop. The dealership quoted me a cheaper price but my intuition kicked in and I didn't think I'd be happy. I liked Precisions recommendation and customer service that if anything went wrong come and see him and he'd take care of it. I recommended this company to my sister and anyone else who wants top service.Brian is professional, amazingly friendly, and super cute too!
4	The guys did a great job got me in immediately and was reasonably priced. Brian took good care of me and my truck, will be back again.
5	Moved here from the east coast and needed to match factory tint to front door windows. Drove over to Precision based on Yelp. Was greeted by Brain and he gave us a price and assured us he backs up his work 100%. We were not disappointed. It is an EXACT match! Saw Brian at Starbucks two weeks later and he remembered us. Super friendly guy. I will def bring my current and future vehicles to Precision.
5	My wife wanted our X-5 tinted.  Went on yelp.com and found great reviews on Precision Window Tint.  Decided to give this a go.They did a fantastic job.  Brian and Chelsea were extremely helpful.  They took the time to help explain the different types of tint (ceramic vs regular) and the various different type of density.  It made the selection pretty easy.  Because of the heat in Vegas, we decided to go with the ceramic tint with 15% density.  We had all the windows (sides and back tinted at 15%).  On the front, we tinted a lighter shade (Boy, was this a great decision!!).  The job was done quickly and professionally (1.5 hours).  After 4 weeks, everything looks great!Granted, it is still late April, but, we can definitely "feel" that the temperature within our car cabin is much cooler.  We would highly recommend Precision Window Tint to anyone!Great job!!
5	Precision Window Tint is the only place in Vegas you need to get your windows tinted!   For extremely high quality work at an affordable price, trust no one else but Brian!    Convenient location close to the Galleria Mall just down Stephanie St!  Thank You Again for a great job on my Scion XB!
5	Amazing service! It's not hard to see why Prevision has so many amazing reviews. The customer service was great and everyone was super friendly and I was in and out in no time. The waiting room is nice and there's water, chips and comfy seats ready for you. The cost is lower than other places I have researched and the tint is flawless. Highly recommended!
5	These guys are the best at window tinting got two cars down there fast quick and I just sent my friend over there to get his done  awesome job guys
5	I went with a friend when she got her windows tinted, she went to Precision and they really hooked her up. She just got her window tinted and it did take as long as mine. They have amazing customer service and the waiting room was actually nice compared to others I've seen. The guy that helps us was Brian Morrison and he was super friendly and a totally helpful. He got me and my friend in and out. I wish they did other services so i could come here. It's been a week or two and all the bubbles are gonna like they said and her car looks great they really took care of her and made it a great experience.
5	Precision did a great job on my daughter's car. It's been 2 months since installation and there are no marks or bubbles. Great customer service!
5	The staff were amazing! If you want quality tint done right this is the shop to be at!  Thank you again!
5	Awesome staff that took the time to educate and walk me through the entire process. I will definitely recommend to friends and family.
5	Great job on our Passat! Offer great options, great warranties , and they were able to fit us in on short notice. We shopped around town and I still think this place had one of the best overall offers when you think of the quality and warranty! Great customer service over the phone And husband says they were great when he took the car in too.
5	Brought in my mustang for a quote. Chelsea I believe was her name assisted me. Polite professional and went over all the different options with me. Had a budget to stick to she recommended the best within my price range and wasn't trying to push me into the more expensive film like other places will do.   Work looks great customer service is top notch. Slight concern regarding some bubbles here and there which I was assures was normal and would disappear within two weeks. If this holds true will update to 5 stars. Would recommend to do business with them
5	I must offer the disclaimer that Precision is the first window tint service that I elected.  I really have nothing to compare it to as far as other Window Tint services go, however, I can assure you that their service fees were considerably less than some of their neighbors which I did price out by phone.  They were willing to honor a yelp discount as well which no doubt strengthens our community here.  Beyond that however, Chelsea and David (tech who installed the tint) really impressed me with their patience, willingness to walk me through the Tint options and address my questions/concerns.  What really earned my five star review however, was the courtesy shuttle service that Chelsea provide so I could make the best use of my time.  While the waiting room was large, open and comfortable, I needed to do some business errands and got dropped of/picked up at my convenience.  I have to give PWT an A+ for customer service. It doesn't get better than this.  Over the top.  The tint came out fine. I went over it with a fine tooth comb, and it was smooth, uniform, and hiqh quality. I could only find very miniscule imperfections and David was quick to smooth them away.  Really impressed with my experience there, will recommend to others.
5	I recently had ceramic tint put on my GTI here.  The price was very fair and the quality was fantastic.  Also all of the reviews that mention the excellent customer service are spot on.  It's so good to see a business that understands how far great service and a smile can get you.  Brian even gave my daughter and I a ride to/from the mall so we would have something to do while we waited.  And we didn't have to wait long as it only took just over an hour.What a great company, well done!  I'll definitely recommend them to anyone needing tint.
5	Brian and his team did an outstanding job at my business. Very fast and very professional.  They did such an impressive job that when it came time to tint my wife's mercedes precision was my first and only choice. Highly recommended.
5	I got a new chevy volt and needed the windows tinted. I took my car to precision window tint and for a great price they tinted my whole car and windshield. (Which was the best thing I did) Everyone there was so friendly and welcoming. They answered any questions I had. My car isn't the easiest to tint with all the windows but they did an above amazing job!!!!! I could not be happier. I would recommend them to anyone interested in tinting their car.
5	I have been to other tint shops many times as I have had 5 new vehicles in 8 years. The establishment has a good back bone to it and I prefer the over many others. Pricing is very fair and I personally don't feel cheap or the best deal out there is the best quality. Precision has done a exquisite job on my 2014 Nissan, not a single flaw. I will always come back as well as refer as I was taken care of by all means. They will even take you to shop at the mall while your vehicle is completed and pick you back up. Very thankful i have chosen such a reliable quality business to spend my hard earned money. Thank you, and good luck. Namaste'
5	Change of heart ..
5	When Brian came in to give me a quote, I like how he's not trying to hustle me or giving me any pressure like, "We're the best, it's your lost if you decide to go elsewhere".Let's be real, How many of you gotten the "Tone Changer", the second you tell someone you're still hunting...I went with Precision bc Brian didn't give me any of that and the price happens to be less than most places I've gotten a quote for. I'm so glad I went with them too. They are quick & clean. Only took Brian and Rod 1 hour to to finish the job, as promised. I'm 110% satisfied with their work and looking forward to get my car tinted , as well. Prices are fair, friendly, quick ,clean and very professional ... Definitely not going anywhere else and I would highly recommend Friends and Family.
5	Nobody else touches my tint besides these guys . Best customer service of all time . Quality life time warranty work . Prior to hearing of Precision I had taken my car to a place which had a machine that cuts out the tint to your window . The lines were not clean & I was never fully satisfied . Precision however does it the proper way which is by hand . Lines are perfect on both of my cars . I recommend them to the upmost fullest.
5	Had 5 different shades of tints to offer. Everyone was extremely friendly and laid back. Very affordable pricing. I got limo all the way around and upgraded to the ceramic film. Also had my headlights blacked out. Came out amazing and I was in and out in about an hour. Great service, 5 stars easy.
5	Great experience. Brian was honest, efficient, and on time. I arrived around 3:30 pm, he quoted me an hour and a half, tint was done by 4:30. Quality work. Everyone was friendly and helpful. Highly recommended.
5	Best guys to go to, I've trusted both my babies to Brian and he always takes care of me. My cars look great now, thanks so much Brian & Chelsey!!!!!
5	Fantastic customer service and very prompt. Brian came out the same day to get me a quote for my business. Very affordable and everyone I know referred him. I can't wait for the install and will update my review once the install is done. It always makes it easier when dealing with a company that has customer service high on their business model.
