1	In the land of the $.99 buffet you would expect more than a bun with lettuce and a stale bag of chips for $15.00 .  Even at airport pricing you would expect more.  If any of their regular locations are as stingy as this location at the airport I will not be going here again.
4	I'm stunned by the horrifically negative reviews thus far.  What do you expect in an airport for food options?  Under $5 footlong combo value meals?  Yeah, right.  Try buying your food hours before your flight maybe from your local gas station on the way to the airport, and then MAYBE your reviews make more sense.  I mean, seriously, have you never traveled before???Anyway, Port of Subs.  It's probably the best option available in the terminal, though tastes may vary.  What is nice is that they offer a variety of fresh sandwiches and salads.  And when I say fresh, I mean they slice the meats to order, like Jersey Mike's, not pull them up from a pre-sliced cauldron of questionable sanitation.  Speaking of which, the place was sparkling clean, too.The service was fast, the staff was friendly enough (didn't go out of their way, but wasn't rude either).  I liked that there was a Mrs. Fields in the same kiosk, too... yum... cookies.  Overall, this was the best option I found in the airport and the price was about what I expected.  You KNOW they're going to jack these up at the airport... don't look for normal prices here.  Still worth the value.  A very full and filling sub, fresh ingredients, and fast service.  Can't ask for more!
4	My wrap was good. Turkey and Provolone. It hit the spot.
3	Conveniently located at the B gate, I went to POS after being ignored at the Great Steak next door. The ham and cheese sandwich was actually pretty good, especially from a combination yogurt, cookie and sandwich shop. Nearly ten bucks for a nine inch, but I guess that is to be expected at the airport.
1	No no no no no.We ordered 3 egg and cheese breakfast sandwiches for around $20 (!).  They were tiny, microwaved and soggy.  It's hard to believe a professional sandwich establishment makes sandwiches this way.  Ever hear of a toaster oven?
3	I was starving waiting for my late flight (spirit airlines urg) and I stopped at port of subs the price is a-little steep for the tiny sandwich I had. The taste as well was just a generic nothing special sandwich I could make at home and it would taste identical. There is really not to many options when it comes to what you want on your sandwich. All in all the only thing I can say is it's a. Average sandwich
