3	On a Saturday nite at 6pm there was NO line & that always scares the HELL out of me but I was hungry & went for it anyways.$12.99 per person, no 1/2 price for kids. The buffet is small with 6 stations-salad,dessert,asian,southern,carving station and mexican. It is way limited too with like 6-8 items per station and nothing special.The best thing was not having to wait but that also meant they kept food out way too long and alot of items were dried out from being under a heat lamp for too long.I don't understand why chinese food is made in advance anyways-everything is freakin chicken & cooks in a WOK in like 60 seconds! Wouldn't that add some flare & get people coming back. To me everything looked dried out,pastey sauces and just "NOT going on my plate even for a picture at a buffet BAD!"The majority of the stations were just like that-Food that had been sitting way too long.I stuck to the soup,salad and desserts but did have some decent ribs, really good medium-rare prime rib and I liked the cream spinach.Strange thing about the salad bar-they had to have an attendant because it was too far to reach behind the sneeze guard to get to the items. WEIRD!The 2 best things were the SERVICE & NO line. We never once had to wait on drinks and the napkins & handy wipes were plentiful.If you dont like waiting in a line-are good with soup & salad, some prime-rib for $13 give it a go, otherwise it's just average at best.
1	I've tried to like this place. Really, I have. I tried when it was initially little serving dishes of food that you could help yourself to. The food was good then.I tried it when it switched to family style, where you order a big plate of each dish for like 12 bucks and get enough to feed 3 people per, and can share it... The food was good the first time, acceptable the second time and bleh the third time.When it swapped to buffet? Today was the first time I've tried it. The food was disappointing to say the best. Sean, and our friend and I ended up tossing about half the stuff we took. The crab rangoons were dried out and nasty. The lasagna was simply boring. The turkey was dry, and the desserts failed on so many levels.It's a shame they got rid of the good staff they had a year and a half ago when this opened originally. They also wouldn't accept a clearly marked "Cannery Row Buffet" coupon that was sent, because "That was sent from the north location." Nowhere on the coupon does it say it's only good at the one location, so technically you DO have to accept it. We didn't end up making a stink about it though.The 1 star is not because Yelp forces me to give at least one (which is bullshit)... The one star comes from the very attentive waiter we had, who knew exactly when to refill our drinks and take plates etc. without hovering or being annoying. Kudos to him and I hope one day he can find a better place to work.
3	Not bad, especially when there's a promo going on (lots of 2 for 1 deals). Good salad bar, they also have sushi and other Asian food. Prime rib was okay, as was the pasta (they have a person making pasta dishes to order). Also enjoyed the dessert bar. Staff is attentive and prompt at refilling drinks and taking plates away.
4	The food here was alright.  I mean, it was pretty good for $10.  It wasn't the best, but it definitely wasn't the worst.  I think that, looking at other reviews, we may have come at a good time.I would eat here again given the choice.  There are definitely worse deals on the planet.  If you're looking for really high quality food, I'd look elsewhere.  The buffet was about what I'd expect.If you need volume, this is your place!
3	I really like this buffet, but I don't take advantage of their offerings to get the most out of it.  There's a baked potato area with lots of fixings so you can make your own loaded potato.  I generally don't eat potatoes, so I've passed on this each time although I salivate when going by.The Italian area has a cook to order section with ingredients such as shrimp, spinach, mushrooms, onions, peppers, etc.  I generally don't eat pasta, so I pass on this, too!  See a trend!I do eat their loin of pork, the pepper chicken in the Asian section was great yesterday, and the pot stickers were good.  They have pork nuggets so you can put on your own sweet and sour sauce or Orange sauce which are in containers.The one disappointment was they didn't have these melt away confectioner sugar coated cookies yesterday.  I really love those little critters.  There's nothing to them, and they almost melt in your mouth.  It's such a simple little cookie, but a dessert I look forward to getting.  They didn't have any yesterday!I'll return.  One of these days one of the bakers is going to be mine!
1	This is the worst buffet I've ever been to.  The price is low, but the Station Casino's Feast buffet is around the same price and way better than this.The size is so tiny and the offerings are so mediocre.  Whenever I go to a buffet make sure to try the carving station and the dessert area, both of which were so terrible.The beef roast was dry and even gravy couldn't fix the dry and bland taste.I also tried the mashed potatoes, which were sad.  I could make better mashed potatoes.  They seemed over-processed and they were also bland.  I also tried the roast pork and it had a very bland gravy, but the brown gravy with it fixed it a little.The dessert was the worst part.  My boyfriend had the pumpkin pie and he said it didn't taste like pumpkin pie and it had a weird gelatinous texture.  The crusts for the pies were also weak.  They tasted and looked premade. The only positive I can say is that the service was great....but it doesn't make up for the bad food.Even if you could go here for free....just don't.  I walked away feeling sick and sad.
1	Horrible food.  Yes, it's cheap, but no cheaper than Boulder or Fiesta, and they are MUCH better.  The food at Cannery Row either has no taste, or is so overcooked and dry.....or is both tasteless and dry.  We never use our free buffet coupons - ever.  That should tell you something...we won't even eat there for free.  Skip this place - for the same price, there are much better options out there.
1	Ok, I only came to eat at the Cannery Buffet because it is the closest to our neighborhood. As for being a local here in Las Vegas for over 20 years, I've never seen lower quality food in my life... It's so hard to understand why you wouldn't just put littler portions of food out instead of just letting large amounts of food sit out, and just turn into the most nastiest looking food you've ever seen. I'll admit the salad bar/pizza was descent. . . But that was it. . . My Prime Rib was nothing but fat, if they would let me post a picture  of the food I picked up you would totally be disqusted and grossed out! The photos they show you are a HUGE LIE~ and should be deamed false advertising!Like Domino's Pizza your buffet needs a whole new outlook and assment! BLAH TO YOUR BUFFET!!!!
1	Very disappointing. $10 per adult for Saturday night dinner ($12 minus $2 for player's card) but $11 per child? Ridiculous, when Stations are running better prices for more selection.  The foods were all low-price filler items that looked "sat out", and I couldn't see any dishes that would justify the extra few dollars over what other casinos are charging.  Everything seemed mediocre. I liked the baked potato bar best.  I'm going to stick with Sunset Station for bargain buffet in my neighborhood.  A sign promoted $7 buffet on Sunday, which should be the price every day.
3	We just took advantage, of the current promotion: an all day $7 Sunday Buffet.  As expected, the quality of the food was okay. In other words it was not bad nor great.
2	IF a coupon for 2 free buffets is involved, I give it a 4. If there's no coupon, then I give this place a 1. Once in a while, we get a coupon for two free buffets to this place. For free, this place is good. But if anyone paid full price, then I know they're not locals and I feel sorry for them as they make their way to the food. I rate server service based on how many times they refill my beverage.  Almost every time I've gone they've been pretty decent, so I give them a 4. For value (fine, I'll base it on if someone actually paid) I give it a 1, because I feel this food is fancy cafeteria food. For ambience I give it a 2. You can only get so much ambience in a buffet. For overall experience, I rate it a 2.3. So check your mailbox and if you get your FREE buffet coupons, then visit and enjoy the free meal. BONUS: It's  five minutes away from my house.  Three if I hit all the greens and not traffic.
1	Can I give this place zero stars?  The only good thing about this buffet is the  two for one coupon you can find in the RJ. Okay service. Food leaves a lot to be desired.  It's either old and dried out, too salty, too mushy, and/or just unappetizing.  This is in a neighborhood with a lot of lower income families.  While the price is right, the food is not.  Value doesn't just mean the price is low.  Value is when you get a quality product for a reasonable price.  This is not a good value.  Management and chef's should reevaluate their offerings and get better food in there.
4	So the Mrs and I wanted to try a new buffet because we always like to investigate new places for when our family and friends comes to visit. Because let's face it, most tourists think dining in Vegas revolves around buffets!I never really read too much into other people's reviews but I'm really shocked by all the negative reviews!  That being said I have noticed there have been a lot of  postings and advertisements about this being the NEW cannery buffet so maybe it is dramatically different NOW as of November 2!?I am a huge fan of the "quality over quantity" campaign when it comes to buffets, I don't need it to be the size of a football field to be considered a "GOOD" buffet, for me I want the offerings to be something unique or if it's the same ol' thing I want the quality and flavor to be good.  Cannery Row pulled this off for me!!!  This is not the Rio Carnival Buffet where you can get lost in the shear size of the buffet, but there are plenty of stations with a large variety of food and it won't break the bank, a mere $5.99 for lunch!  It seems to be  reasonably sized to where the product seems to be kept fresh.  We went at an odd time, about 3pm, so it was impressive that the food was maintained so well, we also received a dollar off for dining between 2-4 (something we didn't plan but it's good to know for the future).The buffet is completely self serve so you get your own drinks, I like that!  I hate waiting around to order another drink or wait for coffee so kudos to them for doing that!   They also had some of the best desserts I've had on any buffet.  The cookies were fantastic and were only a close second place to the donuts at Boulder Station's Feast Buffet when it comes to tasty treats!We will go back in the future for the Dinner or Breakfast buffet but as for the LUNCH buffet they won me over and I'll be back!
2	I went to the buffet when it first opened and was very disappointed. So after a few years now of hearing that the buffet has changed, I decided to give it another try. One reason is that they had a weekend special where the buffet was only $7.00 for Can Club Card holders. So, was the buffet worth $7.00? Yes it was. Was it worth the normally $20.00 they charge for it? Oh no it was not. Some of the food was OK. Most of the food was very low in quality.  I was also a bit confused by the station names. There was the Mexican food station which spilled over to the Italian food station which had almost overtaken the American Food station. I did like the spring rolls and potato soup a lot. The pizza was ok as well as the Orange Chicken. The roast beef though, argh! The beef came out looking like it was 25 lbs of meat. It took a long time to cook and thus it was so dry. Almost no pink in the center at all.Our server was great though. That it why the buffet gets two stars and not just one. Keep up the great service and bring up the quality of the food and I just might go back in the future. But for now, I will just stay away.
3	A smaller buffet off-strip. Good place to come for cheap, typical american food. Not great, not bad. The restaurant is clean and the service is very good. Nothing spectacular to report.
1	I ate at the Cannery Row Buffet on Boulder Hwy. on Monday Oct 1, 2012.  I had eaten there about a year ago and wasn't impressed then...and it seems to have gone downhill since. My first complaint was, the buffet had been open for two hours and no one had put any utensils for the condiments (No spoons so a person could put onions, sauce, or toppings, etc.).  How can someone not have noticed?  Second, the fried chicken was so greasy and looked as it had been set out the day before,....and every piece was cut so the back of the chicken was the largest portion of the piece...how can this be?  The "homemade" meatloaf was similar to the taste of cardboard...except..cardboard had a better flavor.  The pizza looked worth a try but tasted like imitation grease and imitation cheese.  I had a piece of chocolate cake with ice cream for desert and had no complaints with that.  On the up side...there was no line going in and no babies crying or kids running around playing tag as, I being 64 years old,...was the youngest person there.  The casino itself had many machines available for play, but I was so dissappointed in the lunch, I left with the intent to return and see if there have been improvements.     It's March 8th, 2013 and I read my comments here and have not returned to the Cannery East but will do so again soon to see if there have been improvements and give them another chance
2	Off beat Vegas casino, with an okay buffet.  The wait service is great, super friendly and helpful but the host and seater are one of the rudest people EVER in Vegas.  Food was okay and a variety of cuisine's was fun. Would I recommend it? Sure, if you are super hungry and in need of a break from gambling.  But if you have the time and energy, go somewhere else.
3	First place that actually refillef my drink! There setup was not all the great. Some of the dishes didn't even look fresh. I like that they had the dessert near the entrance because that's the most important display...at least in my opinion. I need to know how much space to save! The server was very attentive and friendly. She refilled my drink without being asked..that may not seem important to most, but after eating at numerous places to my shock and dismay, they never refilled or even asked. I was confused as to why they had mexican dishes in the american section as well.  Not one of my top choices but it is cheap and service was good.Another great thing about this place. SELF SERVE EGGS BENEDICT! oh my...i couldn't help myself at this station.
2	This was my first visit for dinner around 6pm which you would think would be prime dinner hour and the food would be fresh.  I had a coupon for 2 free buffets ($20 value) for spinning the wheel on Web Pass.  The Eastside Cannery Casino was located on the Boulder Highway.They had American, Asian, Italian, Mexican, Salads, Desserts, and a Beverage station.  Most of the food looked dried out.  The server took our drink order and brought us drinks and cleared our empty plates.The fried chicken was good when they brought out a fresh batch. There was brown sugared sweet potatoes, mashed potatoes, baked potatoes, creamed spinach, corn, and overcooked broccoli.  There was a carving station of meat, but the carver wasn't there the whole time.The potstickers were stuck together and the wonton skins were dried out.  The Green Beans with Beef stir fry was decent.  There were 3 kinds of soup.  The sushi looked dry.  The Orange Chicken was heavily breaded.The pizza was decent when they brought out a fresh one.  There was a very small salad and fresh fruit section.  There was a made to order pasta station where you could have shrimp in your pasta.  The beef ravioli, lasagne, pastas, and sauces were dried out.All the Mexican looked dried out.  The enchiladas, cheese sauce, and taco meat.The desserts were the best part of the meal.  The peanut butter cookies were soft and chewy.  The coconut cream pie was good.  The cheesecake was meh.  There was bread pudding, small cakes, diabetic pies, M&M cookies, ice cream, Boston Cream pie, etc.My friends told me that Sunday Brunch is the best time to come when they have the Omlette Station.  We will be back on a Sunday, because we won a bunch more of the free buffet coupons.
2	This was my second visit to this location.  We came for lunch about 30 minutes after they opened.  I had another coupon for 2 free buffets for spinning the wheel on Web Pass.  The food was less dried out.  The broccoli in the Broccoli Beef was over cooked, but the beef was tender.  There were no potstickers today, only egg rolls and clam strips which I did not try.The salad bar was larger, but they took away the sushi section.  I tried the pepperoni pizza again.  It was okay.I did not see anyone at the carving station or the pasta station.The chewy peanut butter cookies and coconut cream pie were good as usual.  I ate them first.  I would come back just for the desserts.
2	Boulder strip discounted crap would eat if I was broke but that's about it
4	This is one of my favorite buffets, alog with east side cannery over on east craig road.  The food is pretty good. Not the best, but good for the price. They always send 2 for one coupons in the mail, so 2 people all you can eat for $7.99, not to bad at all. The staff is friendly, does their job efficiently, with a minimum of hovering over the customers. The atmosphere is roomy seating, and pleasant.  Always lots of customers, yet plenty of space. Lines to get in are rare, and cashier is very quick and efficient. No waiting and waiting to get in. Another thing I like about this place is that the drink stations are accesseable to the customers. You can get youre drinks youre self if you want to, or have a server get them. Most buffets seem to hide the drink stations in a back room, and a server must get them for you. (probably so they have an excuse to expect a tip. If you get youre own food and drinks you dont need to feel guilty about not giving a tip, because the server did not really do anything to deserve or expect a tip.)    This is the place to go, if you enjoy being a cheapskate, yet want some degree of value and quality. If you are into wider selections and more expensive stuff, there is always the downtown casinos, but the prices over there are much higher. (you get what you pay for.)
3	I only go here if i have coupons. Which makes it roughly 4-8 dollars a person (their prices have been changing) . This buffet has a great salad and fruit bar which is worth if to me. The dishes are all okay and worth it if you have a coupon.  Dessert bar is neat. I always enjoy the cookies and chocolate pie. Main dishes at this buffet arnt my thing so i stick to salad, cottage cheese, and the fruit.  I would go again but not pay full price.
3	This place was ok I had tool my kids here for dinner n honestly there food was ok it wasn't the best but it wasn't the worst I've ever had. There prices weren't that bad but the selection n quality of the food was not up to par. I might visit this place if were in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
3	We came on a Wednesday evening and had they Shrimptacular Buffet. We had a coupon in the mail for a BOGO. One person with tax comes out to $21.611. Shrimp shumai2. Honey walnut shrimp3. shrimp curry4. Firecracker shrimp5. Shrimp fried rice6. Shrimp cocktail7. Fried battered shrimp8. Shrimp pizza9. Shrimp scampi10. Shrimp fettuccine (chef prepared)11. Fried chicken, jumbalaya, beef tacos (non-shrimp)12. bread pudding, lemon meringue pie, ice cream, m&m cookie- Closes at 8pm. - Coming to the Buffet around 7:30, there was no line and we were seated right away.- Food was pretty much left overs by then. Nothing steaming hot except for the fried battered shrimp. Seems like that is very popular. - I helped myself with multiple serving of the walnut shrimp and picked for more walnut. - Worth the money. Presentation was sloppy, but filled my stomach fine. We came on a Sunday evening for their regular buffet. $14.04 BOGO1. Shrimp Alfredo2. Tostada with rice and beans3. Salad4. Prime rib, broccoli, and mashed potatoes5. Pepperoni Pizzas - Salad bar. Chinese. American. Mexican. Italian.- Rubbery and flavorless prime rib. Reminds me of Silver 7s buffet. Add salt, pepper, au jus- Not as good as their Wednesday buffet, but it is a nice change of scenery rather than going to a Feast buffet every now and then.- Occasionally, we would walk to the soda fountain and just fill up our own drinks since service was a bit slow, or maybe they were understaffed. - Definitely not my good to buffet, but good when ballin' on a budget! - Not better than Feast at Sunset, GVR, Boulder station. Maybe comparable to Fiesta. I'd go to Sam's Town buffet, if on Boulder when getting picky.Coupons come in the mail. Good deal.
1	On a summer trip to Vegas with my parents, they decided to eat at this buffet since it was at the casino that we were staying at. The price is very cheap but the food is terrible. Most of the food was bland and mediocre and the selection was small. The only thing I liked about this buffet were the cheesecake. I had the most stomachache of my life after eating at this place. I would recommend a different buffet beside this place. I am sure there are many other buffets in Vegas that are better and are about the same price as this one.
2	Got here sat down ordered drinks, waiter came back and there was a hair in my cup. Food selection is alright, minimal fish products. No desert all they had was ice cream and cake. Desert was also out to long so some items became hard. All I wanted was a brownie or something chocolaty. "Fresh fruit" was not fresh at all fruit was hard and not sweet. Food layout was strange you have to reach directly over food to get to the choice behind it. Buffet section is a little too close to the main casino, so if you don't smoke I advise you to sit in the back because thats all your going to smell while your eating. Small dining area gets heavy with traffic at times. Overall the food was "ok" the only reason why I will give it two stars is because, well it filled me up so I can't complain about that. Pricing is ridiculous for the quality and service. Approach this place with caution!
2	My parents got the "2 free buffet" promo/comp in the mail. So Worse case scenario of this buffet, I won't be back. Yeah,  I will not be returning to this eatery.Food was minimal, not much selection. The hot food wasn't held at proper temperature. The dessert I had, coconut cream pie tasted like egg nog.
