4	I have been to this location a few times.  When you have a child it's almost unavoidable.  I must say that this location is nice, clean and the employees are friendly and helpful.  My sister and I took my daughter here for lunch as a birthday treat and she had a great time playing the games.  The employee who was working at the prize counter was very patient with the kids even when it got busy.  The food is average but they have a great lunch buffet.  Pizza and salad, all you can eat.  Adults are just $4.99 and kids are $3.99.  Good deal!
4	A great place to take the kids that will not break you.  With all of the kids and parties going on, the place is always clean and the food comes out pretty fast.  It is not the greatest pizza, but the kids love it and they love you even more for taking them to PPP!
4	The service was very nice and helpful, gave use water cups before our order no problem. Our order was ready in no time and it was pretty decent pizza.
5	Great activity for kids. It's clean, spacious and safe.
1	4 stars...are you people kidding me? Me thinks I cannot trust yelp any longer.
2	This, like similar places, is a crazy-kid free-for-all.  It's dirty and has a gross smell inside. And it's lacking the child safety wristbands to ensure that child A in fact leaves with Adult A (so many of these places now have some degree of safety in place with so many kids running everywhere).  As far as kids' entertainment goes, Peter Piper Locations are a bit small and rundown compared to other options that offer WAY more for similar or only slightly more money.  These options include Makutu's Island, Amazing Jake's, Dave and Buster's, and GameWorks.  Honestly, Peter Piper's is scuzzy and I'm not sure how it survives.  I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because - despite my reviews - my kids still want to come here so they can trade 2000 tickets for fake vampire teeth.
5	Super yummy buffet for Jacobson elementary's early release eat out event.  Kids had a blast, while adults got to sit back and enjoy pizza, salad, breadsticks and dessert for a reasonable price!
3	We had a kids party here with about 7 kids.  The place was pretty clean and the arcade center was alright.  The pizza was overly expensive for its quality, but the kids didn't seem to mind as much as the parents did.  Overall it was a good experience for the kids and an okay experience for the adults.  But I guess that may just be the way it is.
4	We took our little girl here on a Sunday night as a treat. No one was in there but us, so that was a HUGE plus! No kids pushing past mine to get to games. I was a little unimpressed with the amount of games, but she had a blast. We had trouble with two games, but the employees came quickly to fix the problem and even gave my daughter a prize for the game malfunctioning :) I'm not a big pizza lover but I really liked the pizza and my side salad wasn't too bad either! The cashier was very friendly and very willing to help! It was very clean and they continued to clean while we were there. Would only wish for the play area to be cleaner. You could see the dirt on the slides and we took our daughter out of that area. All around, I was happy to have pleasant employees. It's very rare to have people be kind these says in the service industry. Which is a shame.
