5	Lee lee is more than an Asian market....  it's an experience.I won't complain about the fish smell.    ALL Asian markets smell fishy.  Almost all the major grocers have eliminated their fresh fish departments from their stores.  Most places in Phoenix offer 2 or 3 fish choices on a regular basis... Lee Lee offers dozens of choices, and often, many of those choices are still swimming around in tanks. I like the produce department.  Lots of choices and all cheaper than anywhere in town.  This location is supposed to have a "food court" kn the front but it hasn't been ready yet in the times I have been there. I love that they have food divided in areas by location, and that it isn't all Asian.  I shop the European aisles for things i have discovered while in the UK and in Holland, and there is a section in which i have found a lot of Hawaiian things too.Today, I'm going to get boba supplies, Dashi and stuff to put in saiman, and lots of things to make Thai soups like Tom Ka Gai.
4	It's brand new so it doesn't smell fishy yet.   It will soon just like all other Asian markets.Looks like they will have another place to eat inside but it's still under construction from what I can tell.They have Durian, I really want to try one because they are supposed to be so gross and stink to high heaven.Banana blossoms?  How would I cook those things.Food is divided into "Regions" so if you want Japanese noodles you go to one isle, Korean noodles in another isle etc.  It's a bit confusing but fun to look at all the different stuff.
5	I love stores like this where I have no idea of what I am looking at. I really do not mind the set up in regions as I enjoy looking at it all. I bought several things and will be back. The folks here are extremely helpful as it took five persons to find what I was looking for, but they never gave up and found it with me only asking one person. It is still not close enough to my home but I will make the trip.
5	Sorry Matthew K. - it's official - the place now reeks of fish.  I've however, never had an aversion to pungent seafood aromas, so it's all good with me.  I've always had a thing for grocery stores, the aisles and aisles of food, shiny jars of canned goods, fresh produce, boxes of sugary cereals, frozen delicacies.  Don't know why, but it intrigues me.  And it doesn't get any better than Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket. I especially love exotic ingredients - who knew there was so many varieties of bok choy? Curry pastes, chili sauces, oodles of noodles, tofu, rice - it's all here, everything you need + more to make a wonderful asian inspired meal.  I could spend a lifetime shopping at this store and I don't think I would be able to sample even half of their items.  But best of all is the large fish market - it is a vision of many kinds of fresh fish, shellfish and other seafood at unbeatable prices!I am eager to cook savory Asian dishes at home, now I all I need is to find a really good cookbook and buy a wok...
5	Lee Lee's finally expanded from their Chandler location for us who have loyally driven an hour to shop. Low prices, huge selection, and it only took like a week for the place to smell like a true Asian market (i.e., wherever you are, you will never escape the smell of fish).I love it. I bought ingredients for Vietnamese spring rolls, two different kinds of curries, a new motor/pestle, a Vietnamese coffee press, and some various other vegetables and liquors... hardly anything. Also, the seafood, while I didn't purchase any, looks very fresh.Wonderful to see such a great addition to west Phoenix.
5	True, the fish smell has arrived. But it really only hit me at the front door. After that, it faded. Inside, the store is bright and clean and chock full of goodies! Sadly, I had just gone to Ranch Market, so I didn't need much in the way of Asian groceries. On the upside, I was in need of other international delights, in particular, passion fruit syrup (can't have a zombie without it!).Turns out, I had my choice of a Sri Lankan variety, and one made in Hong Kong. I went with the former.  I also picked up some Jamaican ginger beer, that was good and spicy -- perfect for a Dark and Stormy. Plus it's way closer for me to go to Lee Lee instead of BevMo to get it = bonus!I also noted super prices on meat and seafood. The frozen crawfish had me thinking, "crawfish boil!" I consider my lesson learned. I don't need to be looking for Asian goods to come to Lee Lee!
5	Cue Angels Singing.FINALLY, a great Asian market on the West side of town that isn't in the ghetto, is decently close to my home and allows me to stock my pantry since I rarely cook American food. As soon as we saw the sign go up I was stalking that store like some sort of psycho.The restaurant is now open and the drink counter offers Taro Smoothies with Boba - the most fantastic drink ever invented.Lee Lee doesn't have it all but it is close. Their herb selection is incredible with bunches of lemon grass for $1 and a variety of mints, cilantro and parsley. Ranch Market over off of the 202 has a better vegetable selection but I figure that beggars can't be choosers. I'll take it.Today alone I re-stocked my pantry with groceries that spanned the globe. Curry leaves and dhals for Indian dishes, Shrimp paste, curry pastes and green papaya for Thai foods and stocked up on standard Chinese ingredients such as light soy sauces and rice.They also have a pretty decent sake selection. Bevmo charges outrageous prices for some of the same items.In terms of fish smell - of course - they sell FISH. Fresh fish that they will remove the head, guts and clean the skin. No complaints here.
5	Everyone goes to LeeLee!This is it; simply the largest supermarket in town specializing in foods from all over Asia. A comprehensive selection of foods from India, Pakistan, Vietnam, Thailand, Indonesia, Korea, China, Japan and much more!The produce is fantastic, and very reasonably priced. This is the best place place to buy produce in the Valley!They have a huge selection of soyfoods including fresh, canned and frozen.Fresh duck eggs and pheasant eggs are available here, along with a huge selection of fresh pickles.The well-stocked liquor department has many specialty items, including hard-to-find wines and spirits.This store is larger and easier to navigate than the original store in Chandler, and has a better selection of items. There's a fast casual cafe, and a full service restaurant too!
4	Holy cow!I definitely want to bring some of my Asian recipes with me the next time I go to Lee Lee's!Rows upon rows of regional supplies.  Thai row.  Japanese row.  Korean row.  name it, they've got it!I loved browsing the produce aisle.  Got me some baby bok choy - one of my favorites!  Great on the grill, too!The seafood/fish selection is none like I've ever seen before.  All the freezer doors are labeled with what's inside!  You don't see that at Safeway!There were some gringo items there.  I guess I was a bit disappointed to see a T-Mobile kiosk as I was walking out.Didn't mind the smell.  In fact, going down each aisle, the aromas from whatever was in that aisle overcame my senses.  I was a bit overwhelmed and didn't have too much time to just browse.  Next time, I will make time to spend at least an hour here.  And, probably, take someone with me who knows a bit more of Asian/Indonesian cuisine.
4	I'm not sure how one cannot love Lee Lee.  It's basically the ethnic food Mecca with everything from Chinese fixins to Argentinian flavors.  I think it would be pretty hard to go there and not find what you were looking for (except if you're me and you are trying to get starfruit out of season).  The only bummer is it was hard to get anyone to help you find anything.  That place is huge and if you don't know what you're looking for, you'll end up wandering the plentiful aisles aimlessly finding more stuff to take home than you ever planned.  Everything is reasonably priced and the selection is second to none.I did get some boba from their espresso stand and it was only so-so (compared to Eba) plus behind the counter was some sort of high school hang out filled with incompetent teenagers.  Lame.They do have a restaurant there also.  Even though they have a parking lot, trying to find a spot is almost as crazy as shopping the day after Thanksgiving.  Save yourself the grief and park in the spot the farthest away.  You'll thank me - especially if you have road rage and low tolerance for bastardly drivers like I do.I'll definitely be back for all of my ethnic food need at dirt cheap prices.
5	OMFG, I would give this store six stars if I could!!  Awesome find in a city with an ethnic food profile that would be described as lackluster at best.  Plus this place is CHEAP.  They have filet mignon for less than six bucks a pound and they're pretty dang good!  Are they Ruth's Chris good, no-but for the price (or even twice the price) I doubt you'll be able to find better.  I sure haven't and I go all over the Valley to visit food stores.Produce, noodles, sauces, tea, spices, flour there's little you CAN'T find here! I need to quit my job I think...LOL!
5	Thank you Lee Lee's for opening up on the west side!I can now find all of my beloved Thai ingredients right here! This store is divided in sections. Thai here, Japenese there...you get the picture. The produce section is great too! Kaffir lime leaves, lemon grass, galangal, thai chili..its all here!I went opening weekend and they gave me a 10% discount card that I can use everytime I am there. Not sure if they are still being offered, but you can give it a shot and ask the cashier.
4	I've shopped in many asian markets (in LA and SF) and this one has to be one of my favorites. The aisles are very clean, wide, and well-stocked. You can find any asian ingredient you need however you may spend hours trying to find it which leads me to the only complaint I have about this place. The organization of this market makes it difficult to find some ingredients. For example, I was looking for dried sardines and found an aisle marked "dry pork/sardines". They had every imaginable kind of sardines (in tomato sauce, in oil, in spring water, etc.) in this aisle but not dried sardines. After searching every other aisle for the dried sardines, a store employee finally found them on a shelf above a low-open refrigerator located near the meat department. Huh. Since the majority of the market is organized by the various asian regions (japanese, korean, thai, indonesian, indian, pakistani, indonesian, etc.), there is a lot of duplication of ingredients. I found bay leaves in an aisle for $.99/bag but then later on (during my search for dried sardines) accidently found another region's bay leaves in a different aisle for $.49/bag.4 stars for the variety of ingredients (including hard to find ingredients), cleanliness and spacious-ness but took away a star for the layout/organization of the market.
5	I love Lee Lee for all the wrong reasons.Like Maury Povich and shoplifting, I know I shouldn't love Lee Lee's as much as I do, but I can't help it. I love how it organizes it's food by country of origin. By. Fucking. Country. I have never needed to google my grocery list before shopping, but now that I've started, I can't stop. I feel like I'm learning. A super happy tasty adventure of learning every time I need to buy some fucking noodles.Screw wal-mart. I never learn anything at wal-mart, except that the third world's largest export is Spider-Man pajamas and that little Johnny wandered away from mommy and daddy and is waiting for them at Customer Service where he's already tore into a Hershey's Bar that they will be expected to pay for.I love how they give me a ridiculous amount of options on a choice that I shouldn't be tasked to make. Why make ramen when I can have my pick of hundreds of different kinds of noodles, none of which have I any experience making!? Fuck it. I'm taking the Mi Chay, the imitation shrimp noodle and the cantonese egg noodle. And at about 99 cents (give or take) a bag of exotic carbohydrate madness, I can finally live out my forty-five-minute-old dream of eating every style of Asian noodle!Which, once you factor in that about 80 percent of my diet is piles and piles of noodles, means I will probably get to accomplish this before the end of the month.But that's fine.I'll just move onto batshit insane Asian snackfoods.Like Hello Kitty chocolate cookies and fish-flavored corn chips. And dried squid! I love that it makes the effort to stock the very same food that I am trying to get away from. Do you really think I drove all this way from Avondale to wander around this place in a haze for an hour and pick up a bottle of mustard?You must be out of your fucking mind.I'm tempted to take some of these obvious knock offs of "american food" and see if its actually better their way.Oh.And they have a chopsticks aisle.Okay, not a whole aisle.It's a spoon/fork/chopstick aisle.But half of it is chopsticks. It's right next to the aisle with all the plates and bowls that you see at all the other Chinese and Japanese restaurants you've ever been to.Huh. I've slurped miso out of a bowl that looked just like this one.I could buy this bowl. And get the stuff to make miso and then I could have my own restaurant-style miso in my RESTAURANT STYLE BOWL at home!!!!111But I won't. Because there is no atmosphere at my house and I hate eating alone. That's why I bento. So at least that way I can plop next to strangers on campus and eat my fish balls and pak choy out of my plastic box (which I bought at Lee squared, thank you) I can pretend that I have lots of friends who accept me as that "quirky lunch box girl".Fuck. I forgot what I was talking about again.And look at all this freshly-killed fish! See, I would pay Ichi Ban prices for any sushi made here. Because I can determine it's fresh. Because it's still looking at me.Who do you think you are, challenging me to a staring contest right before they killed you and put you out on the shelf?The only problem with Lee to the second power is that it's right across the street from Pholicious.Which means any time I would drive over there to try their restaurant, I would get sidetracked and just drive over to Pholicious.Goddamit. This is the problem with de facto segregation.Oh no, time to hit wikipedia again.Why can't she just use normal words, like a normal person?And why does she always wait until her pills wear off before she starts writing reviews?The world may never know.Cuz I sure as hell don't.
5	Two words:  Boba Supplies.I agree with pretty much everything in the other reviews, so I'll keep it short.  I got a trunk load of stuff for cheeeep!Sometimes I want and crave a Boba drink, but don't have anywhere by me that sells them...and don't necessarily want to spend money on it.  Kind of the Starbucks mentality.  I got Boba, drink mixes, and straws all at Lee Lee's.  For the cost of one drink, I can make 10!I'm seriously thinking about having a Boba party.  BOBALICIOUS!
5	What a little gem! I love scouring the web for new ethnic recipes to try out knowing full well that I can pick up the normally hard to find ingredients here. The Chinese restaurant inside is tasty as well, their fried oysters are de-lish! From Korean, Japanese, Thai, Indian, Vietnamese to Middle Eastern, Ethiopian and Latin/Mexican, this market has a plethora of goods to satisfy your taste buds. Meat is decently priced, so is the produce. This place has fast become one of our favorite places to shop.
3	From perusing the reviews written by other Yelpers, it's clear that Lee Lee is a front-runner amongst ethnic specialty markets, and while I don't disagree (I'm there almost every Wednesday, I'll admit it), there is a lot of room for improvement.The produce section has a decent variety of veggies and herbs, but their fruits are less than ideal.  Their "dollar bag" carts ROCK!  Seriously, the best in town!  Last week, I picked up, like, a five-pound bag of ginger for a buck!  Yesterday, I was at Safeway and noticed that they were selling it for $3.99/lb.   What does one do with five pounds of ginger root?  Well, I have yet to figure that out, but that's not the point...They carry an assortment of desserts from the same bakery that supplies most of the other oriental markets in the valley.  I noticed that when they displayed these items on the shelf parallel to the produce aisle, I would find packages covered in mold.  (Ew!)  I guess that's why they moved them to the cooler next to the bao.  I still buy bao whenever I'm there (my mom likes it, but I'm not too thrilled with their recipe), but I haven't been able to bring myself to chance the mold-cakes, again.As far as the meat section, I've learned to only purchase fish from this market.  The one time that my mother purchased some prepackaged turkey from their poulty counter, we discovered it to be rancid.  Sooo disgusting!Their selection of fish is more than adequate, but their prices are higher than some of the other ethnic markets in town.  The bonus, though, is that if you want them to fry the fish for you, they provide this service daily (other markets limit this to 1-2x/week).  Since you have to take the good with the bad, be prepared to get hustled at every turn.  For example, they have a section where they sell prepackaged whole fish, filets, etc.  We picked up two whole tilapia and brought them back to the counter to have the fish monger cut them up and fry them.  We noticed that after the dude had ripped off the packaging, he was re-weighing the fish.  The fish were already weighed and priced when we selected them, so when we asked why they had to be re-weighed, the guy said that he ripped the labels and needed new ones.  Sounds kinda fishy, eh (pun intended)?  Lo and behold, when we got our fish back, they cost more than what they were originally labeled.  What does that mean?  It means that I'm paying extra for that dude's fat-ass thumb!I did air my grievances with management and that was a fiasco in itself.  Y'know how when someone speaks with an accent, other people will talk to them like they're slow?  It's, like, dude, I'm not stupid, I'm from a different country!  Well, I was having one of those moments.  The manager was trying to explain to me that the reason it cost more was because I had two fish.*blink*Now, I know I'm only half asian and I talk like a valley girl, but damnit, I can count to two!Maybe I'm being petty by quibbling over a difference that amounted to less than a dollar, but that bitchass was swindling me!This isn't an isolated incident, either.  I had purchased two different tins of cookies for my mother.  When we opened them, we noticed that the contents of one tin were tied together with what looked like a factory seal.  The cookies in the second tin were tied together using the same tape they use to tie their dollar bags of veggies.  Hmm...I checked the label for serving sizes and amounts per container.  While it did say it was "approximate," the contents were 12 servings short!  I'm sorry, but I don't consider getting within 12 as being "approximate."  To their credit, Lee Lee did exchange the tin of cookies for us and this time, we were only 10 servings short.  Overall, Lee Lee provides a great selection of ethnic foods at relatively affordable (though not rock bottom) prices.  They do offer 10% off your total purchase, but with some of the other markets following suit, it's not really a big deal, anymore.  While I've had some unpleasant experiences, they haven't hindered me from shopping here.  Just make sure to double-check you're being charged appropriately and that your baked goods are fuzz-free.
4	This place rocks all over the place. I'll keep this review short and vague, promise. I spent the best 100$ in my life shopping here over the weekend, enough to feed me for a month.  I know if they decide to lock me in the supermarket overnight, I would definitely not starve to death. This place is filled with pure awesome-ness. stop by if you can.
4	Ahh the familiar smell of Asian supermarkets....there's just something I love about it. Lee Lee's is HUGE and they have aisles and aisles of fun stuff for us Westerners to gawk at.  I've never seen frozen grubs, spikey Durian fruit, or such a large selection of fresh fish until hitting Lee Lee's today.I love how the organize the aisles according to country, making it easy to navigate the store and figure out what you're looking at. They even have sections that included Hawaiian and middle-eastern specialities in addition to Indian/Pakastani foods. I have to agree with Tom T that Lee Lee's is slightly more pricey that some of the other Asian grocers out there, but if it's close by and you want lots of variety then it makes up for it. If you live far I would recommend the grocery store at the Chinese Cultural Center instead.Side note, this place is great for buying gluten-free flours like tapioca and rice flour, etc...I got a bag of tapioca flour for .69...it would be triple that at most health food stores. The plaza right around it also has all sorts of asian businesses and TWO vietnamese restaurants that I will have to check out in the future.
1	This in regards to the Boba / Tea shop inside of Lee Lees and not Lee Lees grocery store.  This Boba shop is disgusting!!!  I have frequented many Boba shops around the valley.  This is the first time I have ever had to return my Boba.  I ordered and Avocado... one size... $4.71 and they are stingy with the Boba.  They use actual fruit.  He asked me if I wanted it sweet or unsweetened.  I said sweetened but not too sweet.  He gave me a sample of my drink before he poured it... tasted like milk with a bad unripened avocado aftertaste.  I told him, "It doesn't even taste like avocado." In which the "owner" proceeds to tell me, add more sugar.  They added more sugar poured the drink and gave it to me.  It was horrible.  The consistency was like milky slush and again the bitter taste of an unripe avocado.  We walked off... came back about 3 minutes later cause it was just ridiculously disgusting, wanted a refund. THIS PLACE IS MORE EXPENSIVE THAN STARBUCKS!!!  They argued and said, "We are the only place that uses real fruit."  HA!!!  Boba Tea House Chandler, Boba Juice House 35th, Boba Juice 19th Ave... ALL USE REAL AVOCADO in the drinks.  In the end, they refused to refund the money and I was stuck with an awful drink.  I refused to drink it and I refuse to go stop by the Boba Tea shop inside Lee Lee's again.  If you want a delicious Boba go to any of the places I referred to above!!!  I LOVE LEE LEEs, but they need a better Boba stand!!!
5	OMG! I finally checked this place out a few months back and can't stop talking about it! It's like a freakin Goya warehouse!  Asian, Indian, Jamaican food..The only place I can find pre made Jamaican beef patties. There are tons and tons of  refrigerators filled with an unlimited supply of various potstickers. It doesn't get any better than that! Also all sorts of fun cookies and wafers from the orient. This place is freakin awesome AND it's not expensive in the least bit to boot!
5	FUN!  Just go and roam the isles and see what you find!  The meat counter is great quality and pricing.  The place is really clean and easy to navigate.  And the produce section has all kinds of fruits and veggies that standard grocery stores just don't carry.
5	Everyone goes to the Lee Lee market!This is the largest and best stocked supermarket in the valley, and, it just happens to be an asian market. They have aisles dedicated to different regions of the world, and, an amazing fresh produce department, live fish counter, meat market and dry goods section. If you are looking for foods from India, Pakistan, Japan, Egypt, Korea, Vietnam, Thailand, the Philippines, Turkey, the Caribbean, Spain, China, and a lot more, this is your best destination in the Valley of the Sun!
5	Lee Lee's is a staple for homesick Asians like me who get desperate for ethnic food fix.I am forever indebted to Lee Lee's for the fresh Vietnamese snacks and the Chinese pastries that I thought only existed in hella Asianized California, who woulda thunk?The options are limitless here-- the produce is fresh and cheap, the aisles are fully stocked with anything and everything Asian related, and the lines are never long. Love it!
4	Woohoo! Lee Lee is something special for a girl who is used to her Asian markets (Super 88 in Boston ... MT Market - the mother of all Asian markets - in Austin among many others across the U.S.).I adore how well organized this place is. I've been to many where one would expect to find say... Japanese curry in the "curry aisle" and instead it is somewhere else. Lee Lee's breaks it down to absolute simplicity ... ethnicity and ethnicity only. AWESOME. Now I know exactly where to go if I'm looking for some paneer or a bottle of Ribena (DO YOU KNOW HOW LONG I LOOKED FOR THIS STUFF IN PHOENIX!?).I can't speak on behalf of the freshness of the fish as I don't touch the stuff but Lee Lee's is one of the few Asian markets I've been to that isn't permeated with the trademark fishy smell. It's faintly there upon walking in but after a minute I never notice it. The produce? Pretty good looking though. Believe me ... I've seen some questionable stuff in my travels.The place is always well stocked, clean and has just about anything one would need for regular ethnic meals or adventurous new ideas in the kitchen.Absolutely delighted to have found this place!
3	On a recent visit to Arizona, my mother and I ventured into this store. Neither of us had stepped foot in it before, even though she lives a mile away. The aisles are broken out by cuisine, and the selection was awesome.  I was particularly surprised by the Holland, Dutch, Brazilian, and British aisle, in market classified as Asian. Very unexpected. I bet they would be more business if they boasted to be more international. I really liked this place, but the word needs to get out about Lee Lee's.  If more people shop, they will restock their shelves more often, and most items won't be so close to their expiration date. Final points:- check expiration dates before purchasing- Generally clean but the shelved items needed to be dusted and straightened, especially the aisle with dishes. They were all over the place and had to hunt for matching bowls.  It's a market, not a dollar store- If you can get past the initial fish smell, you won't be disappointed.
5	The BEST people watching Arizona has to offer. Don't tell me such and such nightclub in Scottsdale is where the action is. Lee Lee has it all: blondes with botox galore, European men speaking Spanish, and Vietnamese fathers humming to the sound of "All the Single Ladies" playing discretely over the intercom.  I wasn't shocked by the contents of the store - anyone who watches the extreme food channel knows that delicacies such as silkie chicken and fish eye soup really do exist. What I was surprised by, however, was that for just a flicker of a moment, if I really stretched my imagination, I felt like I could be in downtown Oakland, perusing the streets, with smells of raw fish and seaweed and botan rice candy permeating my being. In those few minutes that I walked the aisles of Lee Lee on a kidless Sunday afternoon, I yearned for the culturally diverse places where I grew up - the Oriental Market south of the zoo in Land Park seems such a long ago memory. Living in Arizona can sometimes lead you to believe that there's nothing left in this world but dust, palo verde, and an occasional scorpion in your attic. Lee Lee changed all that, if only for a brief moment.  I will be back - likely only out of sheer boredom known as the suburbia of Peoria. But I will be back.
5	I love this market.  Everytime I visit I'm there for at least 2 hours.  I'm posting some pics of the items I bought on my last visit.  I am completely fascinated by this market.  Great produce and products at very economical prices.  I highly recommend a visit if you like to cook.
3	holy fricken shnyckies, this was quite the journey to get here.  But, so glad I did.  My family has ranted about all their great make-you-think-of-home items they found here.  After walking up and down the same aisle five times, I get a call "want to meet for lunch" sure, it's just going to take me 9years to get back over there ;-)So, I'm speed walking out and booya, what do I find?  A whole bunch of shite!!!  YAY!  I really wanted to check out there meats, heard the selection and quality is really good.Next time I will block out a day for this adventure and hopefully take along a mate for company too!
5	Thank goodness they open one up on the West Side as I no longer have to drive to Chandler.  They have everything a good typical SE Asian grocer would have like the stores in Orange County. My folks beg for me to take them when they are in town.They have a wide selection of seafood and fresh farm animal internal parts that aren't carried in the American chains to make any dish from SE  Asia. The vegetable selection are wide however you got to be a good picker as some items do need to be replaced. The condiment and spice selections are a dream come true. I can find the 30 ingredients I need for my dish in one visit. The prices are low.The check out girls are always friendly and always provide the stores automatic 10% discount. They are always eager to hear what I was going to cook and available to chase a few items I couldn't find.The store manager seem to listen and provide next time if an item found in the Chandler location is not here.Plenty of parking and none of the frenzy mad crowd of Chandler but it seems this location doesn't have the liveliness of that place yet. Lee Lee makes it possible to make wholesome mouth watering natural dishes without the perservative and processed foodstuff.
4	I get my Asian fix when I go to Lee Lee on the west side! I get all the things I need to cook Asian dishes at home. I love that I can find all types of Asian staples so I do not have to go to store to store.
5	They do have a Japanese isle and European aisles. Also aisles for cooking pots, utilities, and dishes and bowls to present an Asian meal properly. Give it a visit, you don't see many of this type of store in town anyways..
5	Absolutely the best seafood selection in the state and their produce is very fresh and crisp. Their prices are normally low anyway because they don't spend money advertising and then they give you a 10% discount at check out. We normally save $50 a week by shopping here
5	A wide variety of Asian goods. Very clean establishment!!!
5	A wonderful grocery store for ethnic foods. They have a great selection of noodles, decent seafoods, and fresh meats. The store was pretty clean, and the organization wasn't bad as well. And the snack isle was WOW! And the cashiers were all friendly, kind, and even adorable. I would highly recommend this place to anyone interested in asian foods, this is as good as it gets!
4	I needed to celebrate today, at lunch I was wanting sushi. I looked through the restaurant list in Yelp and saw that Lee Lee Market had sushi and the reviews were good. The amazing thing is they are less than half a mile form my house. They have been there for two years and I just have never been in the market. I do know I will be back many times. I am not a sushi expert but I know when I like what is in my mouth. I got a 6 piece combination plate. Has shrimp, eel, 2 pieces of tuna, 2 pieces of salmon. I did go a little over board and also ordered the Lee Lee roll. To top everything off I had a Thai tea with boba (tapioca). Once you go into the market the first thing you will notice is the fish smell. They sell fresh fish and I do not mind the smell. Very soon you don't smell it at all. You will see a restaurant and next a sandwich stand. I went to the sandwich stand and ordered the sushi form a very nice person. He was very helpful in ordering the sushi since I do not know much about it. I forgot to oder a drink and decided on the thai tea. I was asked do I want boba in the tea. I did not know since I had never tasted boba. He gave me a sample and I was hooked. The Thai Tea I have had before was layered and you had to mix it up. I kinda like this. Here it is mixed up with you get it with the boba in the bottom. You get a big straw and get a couple of  balls each time you get a drink. I have to do this again. The first course was the 6 piece combination. Everything was very fresh and tasty. The tuna and salmon was melt in your mouth. You did not have to chew it. The next course was the Lee Lee roll. Two items are more than one person should eat. I was full about to pop when I left. Anyway the Lee Lee roll was good. Not sure just what was in it. I know there was avocado with some kind of paste tasted like salmon or tuna with eel and avocado around the outside. I enjoyed my meal. I will be back many times. Not just for the sushi but also to shop. There is a lot of very interesting food to buy. This is a very popular place. Their parking lot is jammed.
4	Hmmm... what would life be without Lee Lee's? Thank God you carry lots of Aloha Shoyu & Hawaiian products! The meat section is top notch; produce is not too shabby, either!Only thing wrong is I noticed you haven't reordered any Hawaiian Sun frozen concentrate...specifically, the Lilikoi flavor! Oh, and you should look into carrying Hawaii's favorite beer...Primo Island Lager. Find it on http://www.primobeer.com . Shoots den! Aloha!
5	Great to be back in Asia! :) I feel like I'm back overseas every time that I go into the store. The selection and prices allow me to fill my home with all of the quality jasmine rice, cardamom, curries, durian, and so much more. This store is a must for all who enjoy Asian food or simply would like to experience a little piece of it. :)
5	I love this place! Especially since they added the Hawaiian section. Most people would be skeptical, but the meat selection and quality here is really good and their produce prices are awesome.I'd also have to say that their alcohol selection is wonderful - more often than not, alcohol (especially beer) ends up being cheaper here. The thing I like most is the nice ladies that work here at the cash register... there's always a lane open or a short wait, and I'm not sure if they do it all the time but usually they give a 10% discount even when you don't show them your Lee Lee's card. And if anything else, just come here to try something new - like mochi ice cream (freezer section)!
5	Cheap and excellent quality asian foods! I always enjoy stopping by here to shop.
4	Night of Christmas and I needed a few forgotten ingredients so I started to search for places nearby that might actually be open on this most sacred of holidays and so I thought about who doesn't celebrate Christmas and quickly began searching for Jewish, Middle Eastern and Asian marketplaces when I ran into Lee Lee's.  Christmas dinner was saved.When you walk through the door the appropriate odor of fish permeates so strongly that it about knocks you out.  Always a sign that you've come to the right place.  The produce is ok, it's nothing out of the box, but it gets you what you need so that you don't have to make a second stop on the way home. Where this place excels is with meats and spices.  Salmon heads and beef neck, sweet Chinese sausages to ground chicken livers.  It's beautiful.  It's so good that you almost expect the weird bald guy from the travel channel to pop into the back and start pulling out gizzards from some unknown asian fish.  The spices are all laid out nicely by regions and everything is clearly marked in english, which means that saps like me can still find what they want without having to ask the nearest employee.  It's great.  Oh, and it doesn't hurt that the prices are outstanding.The employees were fun to talk to, the guy behind the counter not only knew his fish, but he had some great cooking tips, I'm a happy camper and I'll be back very soon.
4	Besides having to get over the smell of fish each time I walk in, this location is excellent. They have great prices and it's a one stop shop for those hard to find ethnic grocery items. Not to mention they have a frequent shopper card that gives 10% off the total ticket price.
5	Very clean and has everything! I went in looking for a specific coconut ice cream and found a whole row of coconut ice cream!!The place is clean and well priced.
5	By far the best asian market in the entire valley! I first discovered Lee Lee's tempe location and was so happy when they opened this location in the west valley.  Amazing selection from produce, meats, and asian. The staff is super nice. Never have had a poor experience in all the years. Shelves are clean and organized.  Prices are great too.
5	Pretty sweet oriental market.  I went and got snow crab legs.  $10.00 for a pound.  Didn't seem to outrageous to me.  The staff was really friendly and helpful.  I'll be going again for some fresh fish for an upcoming sushi night.  Can't wait to stroll the aisles.
5	Yummo!  We love their Avocado Bubble Teas!  You can find fresh fish.  They will even fry it up for you too!  They have many spices and food options from all over the world.  They also offer so a great variety of international vegetables that are hard to find.  The prices are cheap too!
5	If you're looking for that exotic item...this is THE place.  It's huge!!!  It has everything your heart can desire.  I loooooove this place!Monster selection:  cheap produce prices and really fresh produce, too.Bought some salmon from there I had to cut into 4 oz. pieces when I got home.  Since I won't buy any fish from China, the salmon was from some other country like Chile (I just can't remember), but was fresh and delicious even after freezing and thawing.This place is so worth the trip--just to see what other countries offer if nothing else.  Seems, too, like every country that exports food goods to us is represented, also, almost--especially if they are Asian or South American or even some European.This is a great place, and I'd hate to see you miss the experience of shopping there even just one.  Go here!
5	I love this store!
4	I love Lee Lee's! Always a treasure hunt to find new things I didn't notice before. I like their fresh produce, if you come early in the morn, you can get large bags of produce for a buck!  I buy the 5 lb cans of Hoisin and Bean sauce, pour into smaller containers at home and stash in back of my fridge, so much cheaper than buying those tiny jars at the regular grocery. Noodles of every shape and size, my kids are so happy that I've learned how to make them. Lots of dried, ground spices at great prices to refill my jars at home.Only downside is that last time I was there, a terrified mouse ping-ponged his way madly round the crates in the produce section...!
5	I just moved here from SF and being from there i was desperate for finding some asian/ chinese supermarket to do my grocery shopping.  Not knowing where to go, I first went to Asiana market since it is right across the street from me and it was a disappointment.  But then I found Lee Lee on yelp and thought i would give this place a try.  Finally, today I went and I was SUPER happy!!! I found my usual items and more and was very happy with how clean and spacious it was. They have a wonderful selection of produce, seafood, frozen items, dried goods, and even pots and pans.  Everything seemed packaged nicely and things were easy to find.  The staff was friendly and the prices arent too bad, they are a little more than what Im used to in SF but this is good enough for me =)
4	This asian market has a small section of fruit and veggieand fresh sea food, it's reasonable priced. I often go for the instant thai tea or viet coffee mixes.Even thou it's a good size market it does not compare to the asian markets in Garden Grove,CA. One good thing, since it's an asian market you can find fresh/live seafood and cheap asian must haves. In addition, there's food items from middle east, India and in the frozen section you can find goya products often used in Latin America.
4	Growing up in Southern California, I was spoiled with the abundance of  oriental & Asian markets at a stone's-throw away. Thankfully,we have Lee Lee, where I'm always able to find anything I'm looking for and more. Pan de Sal from Valerio's? Check. Durian? Check. Machete? Check. 17 (ballpark guess) varieties of rice? Check. Nagaraya Cracker Nuts? Check. Chances are, if you're looking for it, they have it. They have an in-house restaurant, which I want to try sometime, with a little boba/tea counter. Their wide variety of produce is fairly cheap and fresh. And they have a ton of meat/seafood. I love coming here and can wander around forever, just looking at all the stuff!
4	I love this store! Spices, teas & ramune, meat, produce, rice & ramen, candy, wafer cookies & pocky, naan & paneer bread, sake & beer and much more!!! Always something new to discover. The prices are great, too! If you like to cook international cuisine, this is the most convenient place to find your ingredients.
4	Well, all I bought here was plantain chips, and they were great: cheap and crispy!
5	Cheap, extensive variety in produce! This is bigger and better than Ranch 99 as it even has imports from Latin America and other Asian countries! We bought a bunch of new stuff to try, as I sipped some yummy boba tea! We're going to come here more often as it is a boon for vegetarians with delicious fake meats, and fresh tofu!
4	The mango boba drink is super refreshing!
5	I love this place. It's not just oriental foods, but majority of foods are. Has everything from Indian, to Filipino, to African to European, to Jamaican...ok you get it....close to EVERYTHING that I otherwise would have to look online for. They have a little restaurant just before the main store, not sure if contracted out or theirs, I forgot what I grabbed, either a frappe or a fruit slush, either way I would remember if I it was gross. It wasn't. For those looking for international taste, I highly reccomend this place!!
5	Best asian market in Arizona period.  This is the only place I buy shrimp, and they have products you just can't find anywhere else.  The store is always clean, and the produce very fresh.  If you are looking for more variety in a grocery store this is the place to go.
5	Large Asian market, in fact the best I have found in Arizona.  Being originally from the bay area in California I miss some oriental foods I grew up with.  I found most everything from my childhood here.  It also has fresh produce and a variety of meats that I have experimented with.  It also has other imports at this store and if you are looking for something "different" this market is the place to go.Also if you are craving BOBA drinks they have a small shop to the right as you enter.
4	Finally I don't need a $5 gallon size container of fish sauce! This store has a huge selection and now I can purchase a tiny bottle for less than $1 with a small little pour instead of one where I drown all dishes in a pile of fish and make the entire house smell like rotting garbage (not a good way to ensure happy roommates). The prices are comparable to Asiana Market (pretty inexpensive). I like the organization by different countries (although some times it can be a little difficult, who doesn't use coconut milk?) Thank goodness for smart phones so I can figure out what everything is and find recipes. My receipt looked like an encrypted message in the end, but it had everything I was looking for. Beyond the good prices, I received 10% back on my bill with a Lee Lee's card. I will definitely be back especially now that I have developed a rice noodle addiction.
4	When I left L.A. and landed in suburban sprawl I thought my days of combing the aisles in the Asian Markets were kaput. Thank heavens I founds Lee Lee's. This is a fantastic Asian Market. It's gigantic... bigger than say, a Fry's. Which is very nice because stank fish smell does't permeate the air like it can in some small Asian Markets. The selection is great. I think it is very clever and helpful that they have labeled many aisles "Korean", " Japanese", "Indian" - it certainly makes spice hunting easier. The prices are pretty low for Arizona, but higher than Asian markets in L.A.. For example, 3 or 4 stalks of lemon grass would be $2 and some change, where in L.A. it would be 99 cents. But, hey I can buy fresh lemongrass... score!The only gripes I have... - The herbs come in huge packages. I do not need a pound of Thai basil. However, they have made me smaller packages when I have asked. - Their rice is expensive considering it is a staple ingredient. It's actually often cheaper to buy brown rice in bulk at Wholepaychecks... ahem.... I mean Foods... which is sayin' something, but whatevs. Lee Lee Market is awesome.
4	Lee Lee's is probably one of the best international markets you can find in the Phoenix, Peoria, Glendale, Sun City, Avondale areas. They have all kinds of India, Japanese, Tawain, Chinese, Mexican, Filipino, Jamaican and other countries foods, seasoning, drinks, marinades and everything else. If you are looking for a large variety of seafood, they have it. Some are frozen, but a large amount of it is fresh. They even have pre-marinated meats. I like to get some of their spicy instant noodles there, while my wife will make some Asian style noodle, with chicken or beef, bakchoy, sprouts, pea pods, etc.. in a stir-fry. I love this store. They even have a small restaurant there where you can get lunch or dinner if you're hungry. It's a pretty big store to, so finding what you need can sometimes be tough. If you're looking for international foods and can't find it in regular food stores like Fry's, Bashas or Safeway, head on over to Lee Lee's on 75th Ave & Cactus.
4	One of the largest Asian market in Phoenix. Its gigantic..Really bad smell when you enter.. But you get all Asian things there. You get lot of Indian drinks here.
4	My relationship with Lee Lee Oriental Market moved pretty quickly.  We locked eyes and it was love at first sight.I was quite surprised to see that Lee Lee was so diverse in its selection.  They have items in aisles from over 10 countries (Thai, Chinese, Indian, Japanese, Malay, etc.), including an aisle dedicated to Dutch Chocolate.  I was relieved and pleasantly surprised to see over 4 aisles dedicated to Indian food alone, as well as a nice selection of Asian and European alcohol.The produce, seafood, and meat selections also offer great variety at decent prices.  In addition to the common stuff, they have harder-to-find items like live fish and Octopus in the seafood section and various Organs (hey, it's not my thing but evidently some people like it) in the meat section.The frozen and refrigerated food section has a ton of imported stuff, including Samosas, Parathas, Kefir cheese, tofu, and so on.  On the other side of this huge store, there is a fair selection of reasonably-priced produce.  I also found my favorite Mango with aloe vera drink that I love to get when I go to Asia.  Score!So, yes, the selection and variety are quite good.  Prices can vary quite a bit, but are reasonable for the most part.  Lee Lee is definitely on my regular to-do list.
4	This is an awesome Asian market. For the untraveled such as me and spouse it's fun to just walk up and down the aisles to see all of the unique things that you don't see at Fry's. We have found several products that we love to get at Lee Lee. We really like the pre-made dumplings as well as soy and fish sauce. It does have a very unappealing smell, which is why it gets 4 stars rather than 5.
4	This Asian grocery is worth the drive for me, because if I can't find it at my local Safeway, Fry's, or Albertsons, Lee Lee Oriental Market always comes through.There are entire aisles dedicated to different countries, so it makes it easy for me in the sense that when I'm making Filipino recipes, I can find most of the Mama Sita spice mix packets, Patis (fish sauce), pancit noodles... well you get the picture... all in the same place! The only time it got confusing was when I was searching for peanut butter, because there's not exactly an aisle labeled American, but in case you were wondering, you can find it in Aisle 8! Also, if noodles are your passion and can't decide which country aisle to go down, that is not a problem, because there's an entire noodle aisle!Alot of the produce is more affordable here. There are even unique cuts of meat. If you're ever searching for Oxtail or lamb round cuts, this market has it! As far as seafood goes, the fish is really, really fresh. You can't get fresher than live fish swimming around in monsterous sized tanks. I even bought fresh oysters here!
4	Pros: The best selection of Asian, Middle Eastern, and some Latin American products in the Phoenix area. Many hard to find products and spices. A very good fresh seafood and a fairly good fresh produce section. Probably the best selection of various rices in the state.Cons: Some sections not very well laid out and may be hard to find exact items. No store/item directory and some store workers don't seem to know where items are. Very heavy on Vietnamese products (understandably), but oddly no section on Chinese specific products, such as rose wine - while Hoisin sauce was found in 4 different areas.
5	Wow. Just Wow.I have never seen so many items in one place that are new and exciting. My husband and I usually go to Asiana up on Union Hills and this is a pretty cool place, and we go to New Tokyo (and still will for our sushi fish), but this place has just about everything you can think of.ChineseJapaneseMiddle EasternThaiHollandUKAfricanIf you can't find your specialty item here, I am not sure it exists.Plus they have a Pho place I didn't try, but I did try the Boba bar.Passion-fruit Boba...nuff said...DO ITWe purchased items to make Yellow Curry, Sushi, Crab Puffs, and enough snacks and flavored Sake and Wine to have a party.I will be excited to try this place again.
4	I used to live near the Lee Lees in Chandler, I'm very happy that there is a Lee Lees on this side of town. The products are basically the same, but this location seems newer (it probably is).
5	Lots of international foods.  HUGE place so sometimes it is frustrating looking for stuff but I've been able to get around.
4	Just weighing in for the rating, the 4 and 5 star reviews that precede mine sum everything up nicely. I'll just pile on and say that the seafood counter is ridic. Super fresh, no fish smell, competitive prices and a great selection.
5	Lee Lee's is a blessing, especially if it's proximal to where you live. You can get everything from Chinese and other Asian food esp. E.Indian with its vast variety of choices to eastern European etc. This includes snack items and prepared foods and fresh veggies and fruit from all over the world.If you're looking for something and have not had much luck as in my case it's very likely these guys will have it or some form of it,or they may even be able to get it for you. I always go to 'Johnny' that runs the one in Peoria and he will do his best to see you are satisfied. Always a very busy location and a good large clean store to shop in.  They even have a deli and eatery on one side with tasty food. The non food section has some curious Asian artifacts etc. No matter what you buy its always 10% off  the already good price marked on shelf or item and that is a plus as well.Having said all this let me say it's located on the S.W. corner of Cactus and 75th Ave. in a nice strip mall with some other businesses that may be of interest,across from Fry's and a couple of banks, a CVS and a bunch of other businesses on all corners.Like I said, go see Johnny he's pretty efficient at what he does. Let me also say I have  no affiliation with this store, just with what they feature, and I'm delighted to do this review finally. Shoulda done it earlier.
4	Visited the Valley again in late November and had to stop in at Lee Lee's.  They have definitely cleaned up!  You still smell fresh fish, but aren't covering your face for the stench. The European section might as well be taken out totally. It's awful.  If you want any Asia cuisine ingredient, this is the place to go.  Bummed they don't have a German selection or much of a Dutch selection anymore but glad to see they cleaned up.  Great place for inspiration and exploration.
5	Still find this to be my only local source for hard to find Asian treats.  In fact this store was a "bribe" to have my daughter fully clean her room, closet, under the bed etc.  An actual full cleaning so she could get her snacks from Lee Lees.  Since I am half Chinese, my daughter has grown to love the Asian snacks and foods from here.  So if you are in the area for something different or ingredients for your Korean, Japanese, Chinese, etc. dish make a stop here.  I do wish it had an on site bakery, would love fresh baked goods, but that would really make it a one stop shop for my cravings.  Enjoy.
4	For some reason I had some anxiety about going in here for the first time. This was several years ago. I think I was in fear of sticking out like a sore thumb in a place that was outside of my usual wheelwell. Anyway, I am glad I eventually went in. This place is a treasure and I am now a frequent shopper. The seafood is fresh and inexpensive and there are so many items you cannot find at a standard valley grocery store. Sometimes I like to grab some lunch at the little restaurant right inside the door and then maybe a thai tea boba at the little vietnamese sandwich shop and then just wander around the store finding items you never expected to find in Peoria.
5	I am changing my review to 5 stars. I was back in last night to buy a couple whole rainbow trout to throw on the grill. This place is the best for fresh seafood. I also think it is rad that they offer "courtesy ice" for customers making a long trek to shop at their store.
2	So over priced it's not even funny.
4	We find ourselves taking a trip to Lee Lee's for our Asian needs and cravings... I have a colorful cultural background, SO when I need bihon noodles to cook some pancit, tamarind base for sinagang, fresh bok choy  and mamy soup for my knock off pho, crave some chinese sausages, thai tea, gyoza, 20 lbs of rice or seasoned nori...I go here. LOL I've tried scanning through the aisles of Frys, Albertsons, Safeways...I have also tried closer, smaller Asian markets that are closer too me in attempts to save the extra trip since I don't exactly live down the street from Lee Lee's, BUT their selections are either out dated, or selective and few... As far as Boba, this wasn't my favorite because of cost (to me was expensive), but since they closed the Tea Zone/Tea Time (can't remember their exact name) about two years ago in Avondale near the Harkins, this have been our goto spot. I do wish they had a fresh bakery on-site...yet, that'd probably be hard to do...I don't know. I crave that fresh pandesal in the morning with that coco jam...or some fresh mamon...mMmm...the frozen stuff honestly doesn't float my boat. But, alas! That's what my San Diego trips back home are for, I guess :] stock up at Valerios, Sea Food City, and 99 Ranch [What?!!] hehe...
5	WOW!  What more can I say.   I love this store!!!!!  Talk about variety.  I could spend hours just wandering the isles contemplating different things to make, and the seafood section in the back...... well let's just say this is the only place I go to get my seafood.  Prices are very reasonable, and service is very good.  Just be patient with some of the staff when it comes to communicating as they are not all fluent in English.  But they make every effort to assist you and make your shopping experience a pleasant one.  If you have never been, and plan on going.  Make sure you free up enough time to actually go through the entire store and see all the things they have.
5	Do you have an experimental side? Do you like to travel, but can't find the time/money? Can you tolerate the smell of fish (for the first two minutes until you get used to it)?If you answer yes to any of the above, then get your butt to Lee Lee's. Though I probably enjoy grocery stores more than most, upon entering, I'm transported to a world of culinary and cultural possibilities that revs up my gastronomical engines. Cheap produce with amazing variety, great meat section (one of the only places I feel comfortable buying fresh fish in Phoenix), and just an all-around amazing experience for the ethnic food lover. C'mon now, each aisle being devoted to a region or country?? It's pretty freakin' amazing! I could spend hours in Lee Lee's lusting after the food porn possibilities. You should too.
4	I'm new to the Valley and wanted to find a market where I could get fresh seafood so I asked an employee in the meat department at a Fry's and he said to check out Lee Lee's.  I read a few reviews on Yelp where comments refer to bad smells.  I just went over there to check it out and even though it's well over 100 degrees today, the market - to me - has absolutely no 'smell'.  I'm a seriously white mid-westerner that has never been to Asia thus my only experiences have been in American markets but this place is not dirty or smelly.  There have a lot of great stuff and yes - fresh seafood. The employees don't run around catering to the customers but why should they?  Not a big deal to me.  Check it out.
4	I enjoy shopping for groceries in this market, although the frequency with which I shop here would be greater if this place weren't so far from where I live. The market offers a great selection of Asian fresh produce and seafood, packaged and frozen goods, and even kitchenware and gift items. It also stocks a variety of other international foods, though not as much as the Asian merchandise. This particular market is cleaner than most of the Asian markets in the Valley, cleaner than even the other Lee Lee in Chandler.
5	This place never upsets me! I always come here every time I have a little get together with my friends because we always make one thing that requires lots of veggies and meat! The meat workers are always nice. I always ask for my meat to be cut super thin and I always get just that! However, they need to stock up on some ba La Nho, I hate coming there to see that they ran out ): But yes best market in AZ
5	Is this place closing down? Every time I come here, the spaces that used to house products are now disappearing and there's tons of empty space in the store. I really hope not as I enjoy this location since it's much closer than their Chandler location.  I love Lee Lee's because it carries just about any international item that you may need (food-wise).  Barely anyone there speaks English very well, but that's okay because I usually already know what I need and which aisle it is in.The cool thing is that each aisle is organized by country - it is also labeled on signs above each aisle.  The also have a great meat and seafood section. You can pick a live fish from the tank and they will filet and fry it for you for free.  Overall, the prices here are less expensive then what you would see in an "American" grocery store - that is if the "American" grocery store carries that item.
4	If you have not experienced Lee Lee Oriental Market, then ladies and gentlemen...what are you waiting for!  This is one of the most unique supermarkets that carries goods from every continent on the globe.  This is like a global street market plucked from every country and put under one roof minus the sale of live animals.  Lee Lee's hands down has the best selection of fresh produce of any supermarket that I been to.  Then their dry goods are mind blowing.  Strolling down each dry good isle is like traveling to another countries grocery store. Their selection of fresh seafood is magnificent. Their noodle selection is world class!  The thing that is momentous for me is the sheer volume and selection of frozen items.  They also carry tons of specialty cookware for those dishes that requires them.  I just noticed today that you're also able to purchase furniture too.  There are three scenarios that this market is perfect for:I feel spontaneous/adventurous and want to prepare something I have never cooked, let alone ate before!I own a rad (props to Anthony P.) restaurant with no specialities or menus.  I shop here daily for very fresh ingredients along with tons of options to create culinary wet dreams.  Bam!!!Your heritage is from a different country and are not able to find the specialty items to make the dishes you grew up with, this is your place!If you're in a rut and need to breakout in a major way, this place is the logical starting point.  If you are married/related to someone who watches Dr. Oz and wants to try the latest weight loss miracle or cancer fighting tea, this place has you covered.  The staff here is so friendly and can make this overwhelming nirvana a much easier place to navigate.  Trust me head out now you won't be disappointed.
4	Make sure you stop for a Boba drink at the little stand by the entrance.  The Thai Tea Boba is my favorite.
3	Cleaner than the one on Dobson, but less selection and smaller in size. There is a Vietnamese restaurant inside, but I have not tried it yet. There is also a small juice/snack bar inside as well. They sell snacks, juice, smoothies, boba tea, etc. I was ver surprised they did not have any dumpling sauce, which was the main reason I went. Kind of like KFC not having chicken. Ugh.
4	I like this place a lot.  Such a variety of unusual items, all arranged by region or country.  It's a big store, so there's a lot to choose from.  You also get some standard produce and meats along with the unusual and the wild...Durian anyone...?On the downside sometimes stock of particular items may be thin or out, I'm guessing their supply shipments are spread out a lot since everything is imported.Prices are reasonable, and the service is pretty much what you expect.  Fast but not necessarily friendly or even understandable.  Still, you know that when you walk in the place, and deal with it.Plan to spend a long time browsing on your first visit.
4	I gave this place a try because I was fed up with LF Oriental Market's disorganized aisles.Lee Lee's is huuuuuge, and very...spacious. The aisles are triple width and there is a corner of the store that is empty. I feel like I'm in a convention center.There is a boba stand that also makes sushi (?? random) and banh mi sandwiches. It's so random, but the boba I had was good. There is also a restaurant but I didn't really look at it other than seeing a bunch of booths as I passed by. The prices are reasonable and slightly lower than LF's.
3	I was quite impressed by the size and selection of the grocery store - I scored some much needed Chinese canned goods: jackfruit, spicy radish, and tofu...okay, I might have bought some items just from the sheer "wow, I can get that here?" factor.However, there's a lot of empty space that gives you a gloomy/impending doom feeling when you're shopping. The frozen food selection looked a little questionable. It seems like they only sell items that can be stored for yearsss.
3	I am not sure why this market has such high reviews. In my opinion, it is similar to every other Asian Market in the Phoenix area. I agree with other reviewers that the large amount of empty space is off putting. The customer service could definitely be better. The prices are fairly average.
5	I lov this place. they carry many of the international food at very decent price. I especially like the vegetable section. FRESH!, great selection and decent pricing.I don't recommend the two restaurant, good price ...but the food SUUCK !!!
3	Used to be one of the best and a major meeting point for all asian/asian food lovers. Especially,  since it's the only one on West site (except law's supermarket). But it has declined very much since grand opening.  they don't have a huge selection anymore,  shelves are not filled up...  Many people are going to Mekong market in Mesa.  Hopefully the owner of this store change change whatever it needs to be changed..  I used to love this store
4	I'm not entirely sure what has happened here. I went looking for some guava paste (which I found with absolutely no problem - thanks Lee Lee aisles!) but... something has changed. Half the registers are missing. The pallets with giant boxes of products in the front corner were gone. Shelves seemed seriously understocked. I'm not sure if they're just cutting back or something is wrong but the feeling it gave was rather depressing.
1	Worse Asian market in town. Everything in the store is empty or just leftover stuff that people don't want. The frozen section looks as though the stuff has been sitting for years untouched. This place doesn't even compare to LF Market on 53rd Ave and Bell. It's a little farther then lee lee but it's worth the drive cause there selection is a lot better with lower price and fresher produce! Just a heads up this place looks like it's about to shut down so don't waste your time coming here just drive another 10 min to the new Asian market on Bell. Promise it's way better then lee lee!!
5	I love this place. I come here mostly to just look around. I usually buy some produce, maybe some sake, rice, tapioca, spices, and always grab a few items which I find to be strange or interesting. I haven't been here in a couple months. Reading other reviews concerns me. I really hope they get their ducks in a row. I'll be back.
4	This Asian market is decent, due to it's close location ... however there are pros and cons when comparing this market to the likes of Super L Market and the like.Pros:Closer to my residenceVery organizedCarries equal amounts of chinese, vietnamese, filipino, indian and mexican itemsNot crowded, fast serviceaccepts cash/cardThey have a small area to buy boba/pearl drinksGood variety of Asian herbs/produceCons: Seafood doesn't look very fresh all frozenHas more frozen meats/poultry than freshsome of their packed products are damagedhalf of the store is emptyI came here with the intention of buying some herbs, vegetables, meat, spices and drinks. The market itself is huge, but not overflowing with products but have pretty much everything you could probably need. The cashiers were all open and checked me out quickly. Love the organization here, will pass on the meat/seafood section though.
5	Good boba tea. Good rice. Huge selection of instant noodles. Affordable. The Vietnamese restaurant inside the store is really good too, tasty and fun presentation.
1	This is the worst market in terms of customer service. No hello, thank you or any greeting at all. The only word I heard was "sign!" when they gave me the credit card receipt. Not only did they not pack my groceries, the checkout lady even criticized the way I packed the bags. Wow. I hope she had a long happy career here as I doubt that kind of behavior would be acceptable anywhere else. I wish I could say that she's the only rude one there. Sadly most of the checkout staff are all kind of the same. If I feel like buying a lot of Asian groceries I do go to Lin's on 44th St. Their stock is much fresher and the service somewhat better.
1	MOST of the reviews that are rated 4 stars or more are old back from 2012 and older, they are from the old owners.  The new owners the past two years have become greedy and have stopped allowing customers use their 10% discount cards.  They also have stopped using a lot of other international foods and bringing in old-dated products from China which I have been told by one of their employees.  You are better off going to LF Market on West Bell Rd and 54th Ave.  The restaurants are horrible and not generous using their ingredients.  Pholicious restaurant which is across the street on NW corner of Cactus Rd and 75th Ave is awesome.
