1	Awful experience. First night of university, someone coerced me into rolling through this dive. Five bucks for a bottle of Labatt and the bartender didn't even open it for me. He also nothing short of DEMANDED tips from us. I think he thought we had never been in a bar or any service-oriented establishment before, because he sure treated us like a bunch of little kids. I've heard that that sort of thing isn't an atypical experience there. I know one of my friends actually went back to meet with the manager about this guy. Never went back to see if they did anything about it. With all the options on St-Laurent, this one is not worth your time or money.One positive thing though: They did have a cool open rooftop.
4	Loved it. Went with my friends who knew the bartender the nights we went (Sunday & Monday 8/5/12 & 8/6/12) and we was awesome.  They had a drink special of Labatt, 2 for $8.  2 of us went through 24 in 30 minutes...ugh I love Montreal beer!!!Anyway, the outdoor patio is spacious and a lot of fun, and there's a little dance floor where you can get your boogy on.  It was quite active and the music was fun and we all had a great time. I'd definitely go again - but with my friends of course.  My only gripe is that when I went to the bathroom, twice 2 men came out of the same stall....I mean...yuck.
3	Dive bar on boulevard Staint Laurent in Montreal across from the Schwartz.  Main floor level bartender man definitely wishes he was elsewhere and is as personable as moss.  Full pints $6 so not bad.  Excellent street view from inside except they only have a few stools along the window.  Pool tables take up this valuable real estate.  Not how I would plan things, but this place is not for tourists anyways, its for locals.  Still a good spot along the window to take a load off and recharge for another long walk.  Supposed to be a dive sports bar with soccer emphasis.  There is an upstairs with outdoor patio for smokers and separate nightclubesque bartender gal up there so maybe upstairs is for younger crowd?
1	Hate that my friends love this bar. Pitchers are expensive. They typically play loud dance music, but do not have a dance floor. I think they do that just to try and pull people in walking St. Laurent. If they played rock music it would definitely fit the establishment better. They have lots of pool tables, but you have to put up with their obnoxious music. Many better bars in town. Skip it.
3	We stumbled upon this bar by accident. It was the World Cup 2014 and Chile was playing the Netherlands (The Dutchmen won!). We followed a woman wearing the Chile flag to this bar and joined dozens of Chileans in watching the game.The bar was your normal bar with tons of seating and a decent drink list. We ordered a pitcher of sangria and it was a little watered down. Each table gets a  free bowl of shelled peanuts which is cool.The service was great!
