3	A great spot to grab breakfast... very crowded on a Sunday, despite the throngs of people, the staff was still very upbeat and nice... had to get the Uncle Hershel's favorite so I could cover all the important "bad for you" breakfast items: grits, biscuits and gravy!  Once we were seated, it was still very crowded - but our server did an excellent job!  My coffee and water were never lower than half and she was very attentive and pleasant.  A solid restaurant, run by friendly people!
4	My friend and I stopped here for dinner on our 11 hour lay over in Charlotte.  I'm giving it a 4 star because I wasn't expecting anything when we arrived but was delighted to get a very nice serving of their Campfire Beef.  My friend ordered the Campfire Chicken and it came with 1/2 a chicken!  Needless to say we were stuffed and didn't finish our dishes or eat the side of fried apples we ordered.  The service was a bit slow but I think they were understaffed that Sunday night.  Oh and the store is great if you want to purchase random nostalgic items like Mad Lib or rock candy.
4	I stopped in today for a brunch after picking up a rental car for the long ride on I-85 south. I was seated immediately and my waitress took my coffee order while I looked over the menu.When my meal arrived, I was amazed at the quantity of food. Two eggs, hash brown casserole, a nicely cooked pork chop (their sausages and ham are extremely salty, this wasn't at all) plus grits and gravy. The eggs were cooked exactly as I ordered and my coffee cup was refilled often. So much food wasted though - I was stuffedGreat food, great price, great service. What more can you ask for?
3	With visitors in town, we of course had to hit up all the southern classics. Cracker Barrel was a chain they didn't want to miss. The storefront is charming and inviting. Decor also matches. The gift shop though, sells only useless junk. As my friends were looking for souvenirs to take home, we quickly realized that there wasn't much to offer besides tin can chickens that don't fly too well in suitcases. Food is decent. They offer many traditional comfort meals. I had chicken and dumplings. Dumplings were moist yet rigid and a pretty satisfying meal. Overall decent place to grab breakfast or lunch. Not one of my regular spots, but I do like coming here for a fix every once in a while.
4	Wood crackling, cracker barrel natural syrup in small bottles, good food, snow on the building.... This was the spot at 6 am ! Most importantly the staff are warm, welcoming and super friendly.  Wish they had this restaurant in SD!
1	Map wrong its not in uptown
4	It's always Delish!! The pancakes are The best!!!  My mother flipped over the grits, and we ate from NY!!  LoL. Enjoy !!
3	We came here on a Tuesday night, so it wasn't very crowded. The waiter seemed somewhat new (all the waiters had stars on their aprons, and ours had none) but despite a minor unfamiliarity of the menu, was very friendly. I wouldn't expect too much more from a veteran four star waiter.Despite it being 9:00 PM, I ordered off the breakfast menu and got the Big Boy Breakfast platter (or something with a similar name). For less than $10 I got a good sized steak, three eggs, grits, hashbrowns,  biscuits with gravy, and apples. It was enough food to feed the entire table. The eggs were a bit watery (possibly to make the portions bigger) but the steak was good.My father (the account holder) had nothing but good things to say about his BLT and the fries that came with it. My mother got the eggs in a basket. She wasn't impressed. Her biggest grievance was the temperature of the restaurant. Although I was dressed in jeans and a hoodie and had no problems with temperature.Overall it was a decent experience. Considering that everywhere else in the area was either fast food or looked like the scene of a horror film (I am talking to you, Miguel's Restaurants) there really wasn't much of a choice.
4	Absolutely the best breakfast west of The Oak Table in Sequim. I've never had grits and found them to be a but bland, but the texture was excellent with a bit of soft crunch to go along with their creamieness. The biscuits were light and fluffy and I even enjoyed the gravy (and I never get biscuits and gravy) which was not too rich but very flavorful. I also enjoyed the home style potatoes, in fact they were the best I've ever had. I topped it off with some bacon which was thick cut and had a great smoky flavor. Overall, one of the best breakfasts I've had in quite awhile.
2	Stopped here for breakfast.  Seated very quickly and food came out quickly.  The breakfast was as tasty as always.  The only thiing I didn't like was how the server had her thumb all in the food as she passed me my plate.  That totally turned me off.  And she overcharged us and we had to have our bill corrected.  2.5 stars.
4	It's hearty comfort food. The service was decent. Been before will go again.
4	They really do have the best breakfast.... and Sunday fried chicken... and biscuits
5	I love this place!!! I come to Charlotte three times a year and its the first place I go to eat. I wish we had these in California.
2	The poor rating is mainly because of slow and poor service!  The food has always been delicious - but then again, it is a chain restaurant and they all generally taste the same.  Their store is nice and neat,  but sometimes the bathroom is in dire need of a thorough scrub-down cleaning to get rid of odors.    I generally visit this location in the late afternoon between 3:30 - 4:30PM, just before the dinner rush.  Therefore, it wasn't crowded when I went in.   One time I walked out ten minutes after I had been seated by the host; no one ever showed up to take my order. However, just as I was picking up my things to leave, a waitress appreared.  Too late -  I don't have time now!!    On another occassion, my meal arrived and part of it had spilled all down the side of the bowl and the other bowl had stray pieces of corn in it.   Regardless of the poor appearance of the food, as well as the the foreign bits of corn in my greens, the food was still very good.   Quite frankly, the server didn't seem to notice how messy it was.    More often than not, the main problem is getting the food in a timely manner - even on to-go orders.  One time I placed a to-go order at the front counter and it took 15 - 20 minutes for the food (Beans & Greens!!) to come out.  It's a good thing I didn't order chicken or a burger!!!    As stated, the food IS good, but the wait is rediculious.
5	Well, it's a Cracker Barrel... and despite it's sorta creepy location, it's a good one. We have gone here a couple times for lunch and we're always in and out in no time. I was also surprised to find that you can eat semi healthy here as well... even though I heart their freakin amazing pancakes... MMMMMMMMMM.... I feel like Homer Simpson thinking about a doughnut. If you're looking some tasty and fast eats to get you out in time for your lunch break, this is the spot.
3	As we travel, Cracker Barrel is one of our "go to" places to stop at. We know the menu, it's reliable, and my wife loves to shop and look at all the cool merchandise in the store.We were in Charlotte for a wedding and had a great lunch on Saturday, 08/25/12. It was just enough to take the "edge" off before we headed to the wedding. Service was prompt and the food was good!
4	I've had several meals here over the past few years and its always a favorite stop when I come to town.  Great service and food.  Priced right with good value all around.  Staff is always friendly and attentive.
5	Love it! I usually go for dinner and get the catfish with the 3 sides. Food is always fresh and tasty. My favorite is the apple dumpling desert. Its well worth the $3.99 price which I always thought was a steal for how big it is.I have also been there for breakfast, never disappointed. 5 Starts all the way!
4	Family tradition to eat at Cracker Barrel on the road trips. Always something for everyone. From breakfast all day to traditional southern meat and twos, it's hard to beat the Cracker Barrel.This location was solid and quite busy as are most of them around the country. Service was prompt and courteous with food quality on par with other locations. Great location just off Billy Graham Parkway and 85 on the west side of Charlotte near the airport.
3	Any place that serves breakfast all day has a special reserved area of my heart.  This Cracker Barrel is nothing too special to report about but it does serve a nice function for taking people early to the airport (when living on the other side of town).I've eaten here a couple of times, either waiting for people on delayed flights or getting some food in before dropping them off.  Most of my experiences here are good.  The service is very good about getting food in a hurry to you if you are in a rush (to catch a flight).Standard "General Store" theme in the front of the store is always stocked with novelty items that you can wander around in to ease the wait times, but the times I have gone here have not had more than a 5min wait.Servers are pretty nice and the food has been consistent.  Last visit was missing tees from the brain-teaser game on the table that is fun to do to pass the time.  Needless-to-say we weren't teasing our brains much that day.
4	What! You've never been to Cracker Barrel?? Exclaimed my co worker. Coming from NYC where you're required to post caloric information it's hard to imagine any place like it. It's a southern version of ihops  on comfort food steroids. We proceeded to order a appetizer of biscuits with maple syrup, jelly and butter. Biscuits were light and fluffy with a salted top.Entree consisted of a slice of savory ham, Mac and cheese, stuffing, meat loaf and chicken and dumplings. By far what I enjoyed the most was the dumplings, it was pure comfort food with that warm and fuzzy kid feeling.Shuffled over to the rental car and slept it off at the hotel.
4	cheesy hash browns!!!
2	I love my stops at CB. Unfortunately, this one agitated me.We stopped around 2:45pm on a Tuesday.  The restaurant was only about 1/2 full, so we were quickly seated and greeted.  I'm fairly certain our server had not been at this job for very long.. that or she just didn't care about her guests.She never told us her name, tersely took our drink and lunch orders and left.  She brought 2 of  our 3 meals out a good 5 minutes before the 3rd meal arrived and didn't seem to notice that the chicken on my salad was completely burnt.  I asked a 2nd server to take it back and she clearly noticed and was apologetic (wish she had been our ACTUAL server).  Non-burnt chicken was brought back and handed over by our original waitress - no apologies. Not a word.  Just a pass of the plate.Drinks were left empty.Food (once corrected) was tasty, as I always expect from a CB - we enjoyed grilled chicken salads and meatloaf with green beans and broccoli.  The service, however, was grossly lacking.
3	Don't come on Sundays! It's insane and this is the closest one to the airport so you get lots of travelers on the weekends too
3	It's really not my favorite to give 3 stars, especially since it's not my first time at this location. The service was good, I honestly always have gotten great service here with a smiling face.However for some reason the food was off, almost like it was left overs from the day before. Now I know this is not necessarily a made from scratch place, heck I know a a lot of the food gets nuked. But this time something was off. Chicken fried chicken looked and tasted like it was double fried. Macaroni was very greasy, with the grease oozing all over the plate. It was really not appetizing. Needless to say I never brought it up, mainly because I don't like to complain unless it's really bad. However when my coworker and I go to the car (I drove) to go back to work the dang milk man blocked me in my parking space. Really? If it weren't for the person beside me eventually leaving, along with another person blocked in I would have been stuck for who knows how long. Made me 20 minutes late coming back from lunch. Yes I do plan on going back, food wise I think they were just off that day. It's usually very good. As for the milk man, don't park directly behind customers. Even if it makes you having to walk farther, because next time I'm calling that number in your truck.
5	Stopped here just after opening on a Sunday morning during a layover to Savannah. My first time to a Cracker Barrel and the service was very quick and friendly. I ordered Uncle Hershel's Favorite breakfast and was satisfying. The biscuits are obviously baked fresh and the coffee was very good. Decor and music were pleasing and the rocking chairs on the porch were quite comfortable.
4	Can't beat the price $10.10 for: 2 Cokes, chicken - fried with sweet and sour sauce, sides of corn and French fries, and two biscuits.
1	Placed a to go order and it was terrible. Ordered the grilled chicken. I'mNot sure what I got though. I'm guessing maybe the Cobb salad. The bacon in it was terrible the croutons were salty. Half our order was missing. When went back up pick up what they forgot to give us. All he offered for our inconvenience was one smallLemonade. Thanks man!
4	Like just about every other Cracker Barrel. If you want a good southern cooked meal, this is the place to come to
4	Great food.  Love coming here.  The food is always great and so is the service.
2	Service was slooooooow. We arrived at 10:35am, it took 20 minutes to take our drink order. We went ahead and ordered our food and it took another 25 minutes to get our food. Then our waitress disappeared until it was time to bring our check. Unless you have 90 minutes to eat lunch, I would pass this restaurant over for another location.
