5	This guy has changed my life! Two years ago I had injuries and could not even sustain an hour workout. Now I look forward to working out and even show up 30 minutes to an hour early to get my cardioin before we workout with weights! Daniel is a true professional and will work around your schedule to make it work. I see him work with young and old, in shape or not so much and make a difference. I highly recommend DJS fitness if you are serious about getting your health in order! You can reach out to me personally if you would like.
5	Over a several year period, I watched a friend try and leave many trainers.  It wasn't until he trained with Dan that I saw a total life transformation.  This consistency in my friend's fitness prompted me to seek Dan out for my own training.  I have worked out with Dan since 2012 and have found my own transformation.  Dan is a professional that not only builds mind and body, but also my spirit for consistency and passion for a healthy lifestyle.  When I walk away from our training sessions I say, "Thank you for the attitude adjustment, Dan!"  He guides me into feeling like a winner!
5	I recently became a client of Dan Scherf and DJS Fitness. I love working out with Dan.  He is the perfect combination for a personal trainer.  He knows exactly how far to push me so that I can obtain the results I desire  but he's also very  thoughtful and considerate.  I love the fact that the training is one-on-one and that I have 100% of his attention while I am working out with him. I definitely recommend Dan to whoever is looking to get fit and healthy.
5	I met Dan through a previous client of his in 2009.  It's now 2014, and I can still rave about training with him.  His workouts are definitely client focused on your goals, and he keeps the sessions challenging, up beat, and you get results with him.  I look forward to every session, and he has me doing things I thought were only possible for me 15 years ago. The results with him are real, get noticed, and the best part is that they last! His program is realistic, sustainable, and works in great with my very busy schedule. Thanks Dan!
5	When I first started working with Dan I could barely do 5 push-ups and I got quite winded on the treadmill after 5 minutes. Obviously I would not have been comfortable in a "Muscle Head" gym so I opted for Personal Training in a smaller facility. Within a couple months Dan had my Cardio health much stronger which in turn helped me to increase my weight training routines. Dan is always right beside you on every exercise to encourage you to exceed, help you perfect your form and have a great time doing it all. Dan is constantly introducing new exercises so his sessions never become dull or repetitious. His passion for his profession is amazing as is his commitment to his clients' health goals. My mental attitude is stronger, I am more confident in my profession, I can hike Pinnacle Peak with the best of them, and best of all, friends and strangers alike are taking notice of the hard work and the physical changes that are the result of excellent, consistent, professional training.
4	I committed to getting in better shape during my Achilles tendon surgery rehab.  Dan made that happen.  He was always on time, pushed the right amount and helped keep me from the spiral of bad fitness habits after a pretty severe surgery. Couldn't have done it without his help.  Thanks Dan!
