1	Bought fly fishing lessons for my brother and I and called them prior to booking for a Sunday class.  Said it was fine...and booked a sunday date with them.  They cancelled the class for my day and rescheduled for a few weeks later to be cancelled again.  Now they said they only have Saturday classes that I can book.  Only reason I booked with them was to go on Sunday because of my work schedule Mon-Sat.  They said they'll rebook me when a Sunday class opens up again.  My original booking day was back in Oct 2011, it's been 7months.  Emailed them a few times during that span to see if there are any open spots...all I get is a "we'll see."  So my ratings is based on their availability and flexibility in scheduling.  Gave them an extra 3 months before I wrote this review.
2	We caught quite a few fish, but the guide was pretty rude and full of himself.   Acted like it was a privilege for us to be fishing with him.Won't be going back.   Don't need an attitude on what should be a relaxing fish trip.
4	I booked the Sonoran Bass Adventure for my husband and I to celebrate our first anniversary. Two days before the trip I called them to confirm and Kyle told me we were the only two that had signed up and it was at risk of being cancelled because they require a minimum of four to go out on the tour. I was getting pretty upset  and worried that my celebration plans were going to get ruined. I even had a hotel stay booked near Lake Pleasant the night before that was non-refundable. I must of called the Hook Up and checked up with Kyle 5 times before the trip. Kyle was patient and assured me that if the trip were to be cancelled, I would get a full refund. Then late afternoon before the trip, Kyle turned things around and confirmed that we were going on our fishing trip as planned because he asked the owner and they were willing to take just the two of us! I was overjoyed and grateful. We had a great guide, Larry. It was a beautiful day on the water and my husband and I each caught a fish. It was a fun and exciting time! Thank you for making our first anniversary memorable!
4	We went on the striped bass charter with 9 people on the boat, the boat was nice , the equipment in good working order. The captain was like fishing with one of your buddies, he told us interesting stories, provided advice on catching. Got us on fish and made sure everyone had a good time and caught fish. They ranged from three to five pounds, not large but still a great day!
5	A friend took me today as a birthday gift. Tnx dan.It was fun on a bun from the first minute. The wether was perfect, everyone were nice. The guide was extremely nice & knowledgeable. He took us to eigjt places. Everybody got plenty of fish. He even thought us a new way of fishing. The 4 hours just flew by. Tnx, definitely will come back.
