5	YES ! This is just what Verdun needed - a perfect little spot for a beer with your friends and a-mazing food. Try the fish tacos, the burger or their fried seafood plate (calamari,shrimps and mussels). And make sure to sit on the cute & cozy terrace ! Oh, and they have TV screens inside to show the sports games, too !
4	After a horrendous experience with the Benelux down the street, we found Balconville on Yelp and decided to try it out.What an awesome decision that was.Immediately upon entry, we were greeted by a few people who immediately seated us and explain the menu. The decor is nice, awesome music, dim lights - a really cool and calm vibe set the tone of this bar/restaurant. I ordered the Nun's Island Iced Tea which wasn't very good. However the unconventional French onion soup and grilled cheese were amazing. Not too heavy, super flavorful, and not at all pricey, this small meal hit the spot. Had a really nice time here and will absolutely bring the husband back on a date night!
5	I obviously waited too long to visit Balconville. Adorable tiny gastropub hidden in Verdun that I'll be going to again. Their menu is written by hand on a paper from a writing book, funny approach to keep it up to date in 21st century, but its content is what really matters. One can find few snack options for those who plan to get only a drink, the onion rings were the best in town. The salmon tacos are top choice for healthy fresh dinner, but what members of our party raved about was the beef burger, apparently it was made to perfection. There is a long list of drinks including a page of cocktails. I had an urge to try their bloody caesar, well balanced spicy version of the famous mix. The service is courteous and our table was well taken care of. I would be looking for more sheltered table during the winter, the insulation of the old houses in Verdun is obviously not the best and there was a cold draft where we were seated. That said I was able to study the little patio from my seat and yes, this is the place to be during the summer. I guess Balconville is five stars on my personal scale of six, but I want to make sure the pub is noticed and that's why I'm rating it with five stars in Yelp!
