1	Farnworth is a HORRIBLE management company. I finally moved largely to get out from under them. They wouldn't plant grass in front of the house I was renting or fix the gate or a ton of other things, and whenever the city fined them for violations, they'd turn around and fine me for it. I was usually able to avoid the fines (since they were illegal and out of the lease), but it always meant writing legal-style letters back and forth, visiting the tenant advocates office in Phoenix, etc. etc. So it was a tremendous waste of my time, and they were beyond rude every time I contacted them.And then, when it was finally time to move, I deep-cleaned the apartment to a ridiculous extent. I had ex-military guys helping me, and we cleaned it to beyond military standards. And Farnsworth still kept my security deposit, supposedly because I hadn't landscaped the back yard, even though it was clearly in the lease and in tenant law that it wasn't my responsibility. I tried to sue them to return my deposit but their lawyers somehow got the case dismissed and I haven't had time to start the process again. But the point is, STAY AWAY FROM FARNSWORTH AT ALL COST! You don't need the aggravation.
1	I hired them to manage my rental property in Pheonix, AZ and was OK until recently. I don't even know where to begin... They always confused me with other clients, charging me $1400 for a new garage door on a home that was someone else's. The property was vacant for 5-7 months at a time which tells me they weren't actively trying to get it rented. IF I was ever able to get someone on the phone, they told me everything was fine and dandy. NOT THE CASE AT ALL, EVER! I was never told about damage done to the home that needed to be fixed before someone else rented so a lot of that went unfixed. They gave my recent tenants the wrong key to their mailbox. The tenants ended up getting a P.O. Box instead of dealing with these people. The "management group" resorted to name-calling instead of just giving them a new key. Ever heard of professionalism? These people certainly haven't. More recently, they failed to report stolen pieces from the AC Unit in a timely manner. Insurance may not cover the damage, which is now costing me over $3500 to fix. With all of these issues, it's no wonder they have had a hard time renting this place. One, they clearly weren't trying. Two, I would not want to deal with this kind of management either. I feel like they were happy take my money and take advantage of me because I am not in the state to micro manage them. Ridiculous! I will never use these people again and would never recommend them to anyone. BEWARE.
1	I hired Farnsworth Realty & Management Company over six years ago to manage a rental property (9426 w. Virginia Ave Phoenix, AZ) my husband and I own.  We were looking for a trustworthy company to manage the property as we are not in Phoenix, Arizona where the property is located. For the first few years everything went well. However, I started noticing that the property went unrented for five-seven months at a time. This home is an investment property and a source of income for my family, having it unrented for such a long period of time is money lost. In the more recent years working with them, I was confused several times with other clients. One example of this is I was once billed $1,400 for a garage door on a home belonging to another client of theirs. They blamed it on a filing mix up. Human error happens, so I let it go and continued on with them. On April 1, 2011, the current tenants moved in and were given keys to the house and the mailbox. The tenants informed management that the mailbox key was not working. Perhaps they were given the wrong key. Instead of replacing said key, they resorted to name-calling; they called the tenant "bipolar." This is no way to conduct you in a professional setting. This was a simple issue that could have been easily resolved but instead was turned into quit an ordeal. The final, most important issue happened on April 20, 2011. The tenant noticed there was a problem with the air conditioning when they attempted to use it. Naturally, we sent a professional to take a look at the situation. As it turns out, the air conditioning condenser had been stolen. The management company is required to conduct an inspection when a tenant moves out of the home.  It is obvious that many things were over looked in the inspection, that is, if an inspection was ever done at all. This error is now costing me $3,500 to rectify. Also, in the Move-In Inspection Report filed by the new tenants, there were many issues. There were problems with cleanliness, holes in the front door and a non-functioning outlet. These were all issues that management should have been aware of prior to new tenants moving in. Not only should they have been aware but they also should have made me aware of the situation if it was that bad. I trusted them to take excellent care of my property and those living in it as I would if I were there. I trusted them to do their job. Instead of taking responsibility for their mistakes they have given me the run around and have yet to resolve the issue. This entire situation has been an extreme lack of professionalism.  This is not how business should be done.
1	I hired Farnsworth based on a colleague's recommendation in 2009ish. My condo in Scottsdale is in very good condition, so rarely were there problems. Farnsworth is good at 1 thing and that is taking your money. They have one of the lowest commission %'s out there, but once you get your owner's statements, you'll understand why. Tons of hidden fees and they charge around $10 a month for "Administrative fees." I asked what those are and they said they're for postage, mailings, etc. Last I checked, a stamp costs $0.49. They also charge $85 to just send out a maintenance guy...even if they don't fix anything. Kind of a waste of money. I have been very lucky to have loyal tenants, but even they have complained to me about how long it takes for them to respond back and their inconvenient ways to pay rent (paying online to them is an ideal method). I really got to see the true colors of this company when some major maintenance issues arose in my condo. They have zero sense of urgency and would take days to respond to a phone call or email. I often had to babysit them and send another email asking if they received my email. I won't get into all the details, but they proved to me that they can't properly manage the properties for their clients when sh*t hits the fan. I even had to track down the Director or VP of this company and it even took him 3+days to respond to my email and voicemails...after me pushing to get a response. Don't expect a phone call from them if you are having issues. They dodge incoming calls as well. What, do they think you'll just go away??? Bottom line. Do your research when finding a Property Management company. I found a new one that has zero hidden fees, takes the same % commission, and doesn't charge if they have to send out a maintenance person to name a few.
1	Please look for a different management company!!!! They do a horrible job, things don't get fixed, they don't follow their own lease and are very rude. Farnsworth tells you everything you want to hear before you sign your lease and after you move n, forget what they tell you, they change everything. Very poorly ran company!!!! Please go through another company.
1	These are deceptive and avaricious con artists.  They are not nice people, neither to the renters or rentees or owners or buyers.Note that there are two separate Yelp listings for this place.  There are also Google reviews which they have spammed with some very obviously fake good reviews.  That's what you're dealing with here,.
