1	This was the worst Smoothie i have ever had....runny, no flavor and overpriced for what you get... Don't bother...Save your money!!!!
4	The Smoothie King definitely sticks out from the rest. The staff here are very helpful when you're having difficulty finding the smoothie for you! Their policy is that every smoothie should fit every person's goal whether it be slimming down, getting pumped or just a tasty healthy snack. The walls are covered with snacks and vitamins that I've never heard of but they make me curious to try them all out.  Being conscious of my own health, this place caters to my needs.When you check em out, look for the nametag that says "forgetful", she's very cool and helpful! She sticks out from the rest of the already nice and friendly staff! Enjoy!
1	uh...I wish I could rate 0 STARS! The employees here are worthless. They are teenagers who don't care about customer service. I waited 45 minutes for ONE smoothie. Countless people who came in AFTER me had received their smoothie before me! This is ridiculous. Not one employee thought it was important to mention why my drink order was taking so long let alone apologize. NEVER AGAIN!!!
2	Smoothie King is like a broke Jamba Juice! When I came here it was packed with loads of people and the staff here are far from good customer service. The way it is set up makes no sense what so ever. When it was time to pay the guy ringing us up got our order wrong and wanted me to $18.00 for two smoothies..overall smoothies were good but don't think i would go back ever again.
4	The smoothies themselves are good. Variety of flavors which I like. Its also a nutritional store so they have a lot of protein shakes and bar and snacks. I've never brought any of their other products. Personally i'd give the smoothies 5 stars, I mean lets be honest here, you can't mess up a smoothie.. ! But the service is lack luster. They're just not friendly. They're not rude either very... ambivalent is the word I guess. Its def a little off putting when you go into a business and theres no one there but staff and no one speaks to you.. You actually have to get their attention to place your order...Edit: I have since been back to this smoothie king  several times and I will say the customer service has gotten much better and much more efficient. I increased the star rating from 3 to 4 to reflect the changes noted. Good Job guys !!
1	I hate to write this review but I was so irritated with my visit here today that I feel like it's needed.Before I started getting really into Yelp, we used to come by this location about once a week or so. I've always really enjoyed their smoothies and while yeah it's almost always teenage kids working here, the service wasn't that terrible. Today changed my opinion on that.There were two younger guys working there today. One running the front counter was visibly sick, sniffling and wiping his nose on his hands or arm. There were only 3 other customers in here but it took 25 minutes to get my smoothies and not once did I see the him wash his hands while making and handing the smoothies to customers. That just flat out, should not be happening in any type of food establishment! It's nasty!Apart from that, these two employees had some kind of issue with each other that was so easy to spot, it was annoying just to watch. The one who was sick got almost no help from the other employee, he kept glancing at him and loudly saying "forreal!". Any conversation between the two was short and clearly there was a lot of animosity. He got so upset that he started slamming the blender jars on the counter next to the sink! I'm sorry but why isn't there a manager or something here? You should not have employees who obviously aren't too great of friends there alone.I'm bummed because I did like this place and their smoothies but I have to say, I won't be back here anytime soon. They need to seriously look into what's going on or I'm sure they'll be losing a lot more customers.
2	King is not the title I would bestow on this smoothie joint. As per many smoothie places, Smoothie King has decided to stray you from what you really want, and leave you with no alternative but powder formulas, concentrates, and additives under easy to remember descriptives like Power Smoothie and such. What?So what this means is that if you want a natural, all-fruit smoothie, you are out of luck, unless you are ok with their pre packaged fruit floating in syrup, or aging bananas and jugs of concentrate.To be fair, although the young dude working there didnt understand what I meant when I said natural fruit, he did try his best to help out, so kudos to him.
3	Let me say I think the smoothies are okay. However, I had a punch card (buy so many, get one free).  My card was half full of punches and I went the other day and was told the cards are no longer being honored, but I could sign up online for something.  Even if the cards are no longer given out, the ones still being used should be honored.  So guess what, I won't go there again.
3	Service was ok. Nothing to write home to mom about. Just a good smoothie
1	This place is awful! Came in and really didn't understand the layout but as I was on crutches I hobbled to what looked like a cash register to place my order. Was told I needed to go back to the "other spot" to place my order. I go back and of course 3 other people came in and were ordering so I wait. Finally get a chance to place my order and I try to pay and I'm digging my wallet out while trying to balance on my crutches and I am told I now have to go back to the cashier. AHHH! damn it! I cant pay at this spot so I again hobble over to the cash register I started out with and now I can pay. I told the girl working about how difficult and confusing this was and she doesn't even look up at me or say anything!? Just repeats my total. I really was hoping to like this place as the smoothie was ok, but the help GUARANTEES I will NEVER be back.
1	Incredibly slow service.
4	I'm surprised at the other reviews here. I'm in Vegas visiting family and couldn't resist stopping in here for a treat!  I'm definitely not the body building type, so the protein powders and extras really don't interest me much.  I like that the space is big enough for a lot of people to wait in, but I didn't wait long at all. My mom and I got our 2 smoothies quickly and they were delish! I got the peach slice plus, and I was so impressed!  The flavor of peaches was really full, which is so hard to find.As an addition, I've seen these guys at Relay For Life, and I love to support small bussinesses that support the community.
4	Great selection of yummy made to order smoothies. Although they are a little more expensive than some of the other smoothie shops in town, I like their smoothies better because they seem to have more flavor. All you have to do is select a smoothie (I can never decide!) and a size (small, medium or large) and decide if you want to add any extra enhancers (energy, protein, etc) and off they go to make your smoothie. The sizes are quite large here, with a small being 20 oz and medium being 32 oz. Wouldn't ever recommend the large unless you're sharing with someone because it seems impossible to finish a 40-something ounce smoothie without getting a brainfreeze or getting sick of it. If you sign up for their e-mail list, they regularly send out coupons and promos that have kept me coming back time after time. The employees are very friendly and always greet you upon entry and thank you when it's time to pick up your drink. I once had a misunderstanding regarding a promo they were running and the cashier was very accomodating and honored it anyways even though I was the one that misunderstood and thought my purchase qualified. Talk about excellent customer service.
3	Don't come here often because of the price of smoothies. We came in today around 4:50 and no one took our order for over 5 min of waiting at front of store. Finally a young girl took our order and we had to go to other side of store to pay. In the mean time it took 20 min for 3 smoothies to be made. I love the smoothies but too long to have to wait.
1	The customer service is terrible. It took a good 20 minutes for the kid to make my smoothie when there was only 1 person ahead of me. There was a girl working who was just standing around. I don't think I'll come back.
2	I love their smoothies, but unfortunately they have no customer service skills. I went in with my sister after our workout and they were taking forever to make our drinks and then my sis thought her drink was ready and it wasn't. ..it was "the managers" drink. They need someone with good management skills to run that place.
3	Okay so here it is: This place has been here for a minute. I worked here myself way back in high school and loved it. I don't know what has happened. I came in today for a smoothie and I was shocked! It seems very dirty; the walls, shelves, countertops and floors especially are GRIMY. And the place just smells dirty and the air is hot and sticky, not relaxing at all.  The employees seemed unkempt and grumpy. There was no friendly chit-chat, no sincere greeting, no eye contact was made. Wtf? At least pretend you're glad I'm there. Geeze. As for my smoothie, it was perfectly blended (hence the 3-star rating). Kudos to the girl who made it 'cause I am PICKY. Great consistency, awesome flavor and well.... Smooth. Didn't take too long, either. But the ambiance of the joint really makes me not want to come back. There are so many other options. Makes me sad, though. This place used to be the best.
2	First time at this location. Maybe the last. This location gives Smoothie King a bad rap. The smoothie itself tasted great, although it took quite awhile to make. This place has a lot of business with its great location. The staff...ugh. Everyone working there looked like they would rather be anywhere but there. They all looked tired and miserable. Of the three people working, not one of them smiled or greeted us. Horrible experience. Apparently the owner does not care, as I see other poor Yelps concerning poor customer service. Sad.
4	Infinitely better experience! Thank you Jennifer for taking the time to respond to me. I will definitely be back.
1	I haven't been here in over a year, but I won't be back. There was nothing positive about the experience. I had a discount coupon is bought online, and the guy there was not friendly and tried to pressure me into spending more than what the value was that I'd already purchased. It took a long time for the smoothie to be made. I'd like to day it was worth the wait, but it wasn't. It tasted gritty, overly sweet, and just very artificial. I love smoothies and couldn't handle more than a few sips. I only paid about half price and it was still way too much. I won't be back. Jamba Juice surpasses this place in every possible way--service, price, and quality/taste of product.
3	I come once or twice a week here, and have waited up to 30 min for a smoothie.  If there is no line, there is two people working.  If there is 10 people waiting, one person is working.  Tonight they were complaining about being written up and complicated orders.  Tbh I would rather they used and etch a sketch to communicate.  At least I wouldn't have to listen to employees talking about taking a nap.
1	First time visiting a Smoothie King. We live in Aliante and since Jamba Juice closed, we thought to give SK a shot. Never. Again. There were samples of a smoothie named Angel Food. It was filled with sugar. When I asked if the sugar can be left out, they weren't too sure but ended up doing so. The smoothie wasn't nearly as bad as the staff and service!! They all are disconnected, unprofessional, and quite drab. It's like they had NO idea what their jobs were, as they stood or walked around cluelessly.Smile and greet customers happily is the first rule of thumb in retail!! SK, no need to reply, as I see previous similar reviews you obviously neglected to address.
1	Made 2 kids and 2 adults sick! I want to like this place too. One of those situations where the business looks good on paper, but in reality it is too cost prohibitive to run correctly. That is why pricing is high while customer service is lacking. Best of luck without these repeat customers.
