3	Jim was perusing the table festooned with $3.00 sunglasses.  The desert wind blew with periodic gusts, causing the blue tarps to flap as if trying to free themselves from their bonds.  He was startled by the electrical crackling sounds coming from the parking area which surrounded the Mesa Swap Meet.Jim approached one of the openings to the parking area, brushing past a shuffling old woman pushing a companion in a wheelchair they had probably rented upon arrival.  Peering out into the lot Jim could see that a small portal to another dimension had obviously opened near a pearl-toned Escalade.  It was doubtless caused by the obscene pretentiousness of the vehicle coupled with the douchbaginess of the owner.  The fabric of the universe rebelled against such things.A pit-bull sized creature with a gaping toothless maw and shiny flat patches where eyes should have been faced an elderly man with a handmade cane, likely purchased moments before.  The being emitted a brief low tone and the man collapsed in a heap.  Another creature emerged and dragged the man into the portal.  Jim uttered a quiet, "Not good." to no one in particular and surveyed the nearby tables for useful items.  Looking beyond ten or so tables would be unnecessary as the booths seemed to repeat at that sequence.He dashed past the socks and purses to the leather vendor and began suiting up as if for battle.  Perhaps the leather skull cap coupled with the big hearing-protective ear muffs he saw in the next booth would dull whatever sonic attack the creature had.  Next came the chaps, leather vest, gauntlet gloves and safety glasses.  As he headed to the booth offering medieval weaponry Jim decided he had certainly enjoyed fantasies when he was younger that featured similar outfits save for the safety gear.  Jim smirked as he heard the Village's People's "YMCA" in his mind.Jim picked up a bottle of cheap perfume as he was passing a booth selling such items.  Might come in handy as well.  Same for the stack of metal Red Sox license plates and the 3 x 8 southwest styled runner that he grabbed.  He was vaguely aware that people were running away through the wide aisles of the Swap Meet and there was an occasional scream, but his focus was unflappable.He gazed over the assortment of murderous instruments offered by the vendor.  What a delightful array of weapons both blunt and bladed.  He briefly palmed the broadsword.  Too heavy.  The nunchucks?  Fast, yes, but limited in range.  Ahh, the samurai sword.  Good.  Throwing stars.  Marvelous! The alien pit-bull creature was ranging farther now, preying on the many slow-moving geriatrics that populated the market.  A security golf cart was overturned not far from the Escalade, one of its upturned wheels spinning slowly.  Jim left the cover of the market and walked toward the creature as it moved in a peculiar rhythmic gait toward a polyester-clad woman with the largest mound of grey hair Jim had seen in years.  He flicked a star, hard, at the creature's midsection.  It narrowly missed, clanging as it sunk into the hubcap of an El Camino.  "Never liked those anyway", Jim mumbled as he sunk behind a jeep, peering through the undercarriage to assess the creature's reaction.  It stood immobile, its head slowly scanning left and right in Jim's direction.   Jim launched the eau de toilette at the top of the El Camino.  It shattered against the doorframe and showered glass and liquid on and around the creature.  It dashed to the center of the row and began whirling around and making what Jim surmised were sneezing noises.  He arose and flung several stars at it as he rapidly closed the distance.  Only one struck home, digging deep into the creature's hind quarters.  It whirled once more and stood to face him.  A low tone began inside Jim's head.  "How the hell was it doing that?" Jim's knees grew weak.  As he fought collapse he remembered the metal license plates he tucked into the back of his waistband.  Pulling them out, he flung several with a spinning motion at the creature as he shouted, "Go Red Sox!"Two flew harmlessly past the creature but the third struck the beast edge on, just above one of it's ... eyes?  The low tone vanished and Jim regained his composure.  The brute lunged at Jim.  He slid to one side and brought the sword down across the back of the thing's neck.  It fell limply forward, trying in vain to face it's enemy.  The other creature emerged from behind a car, faced Jim, and then dashed into the rift, which began to shrink.  Jim knelt beside the dying creature with his ever- present sharpie.  He carefully wrote the word FAIL across it's leathery back, wrapped it in the runner and tossed it into the waning opening.The aroma of the hot dogs cooking at the snack bar wafted out to Jim as he urinated into the dimensional opening, hoping he would finish his business before it closed completely.  He texted his wife, "Meet me at snk br" as he walked back into the market.  "K" she replied
3	Lots of kitschy stuff for cheap. It's fun to browse and they have a few food stands if you're hungry. I don't really know why you'd come here to eat, but what do I know? At least they don't charge you to walk around and check everything out. Nice place for cheap souveniers too. The luggage prices are a steal. Makes you wonder how they can afford to sell it for so little.Visit Date: 11/15/09
3	Every time I visit my parents, I pass this place and see a long line of cars. Curiosity (and a good set of luggage my parents found here) finally convinced me to stop by. Well, it's a flea market. WYSIWYG. There's the good (nice luggage, some nice jewelry, some good foodstuffs), the bad (the same "authentic" Southwestern stuff you find in any gift shop from San Antonio to San Diego), and the ugly (several "I [heart] Columbus" Beanie Babies). I'll come back if I'm looking for something in particular (chiefly luggage or salsa) or want to get a souvenir for a relative I don't like very much.
4	I love Mesa Market. Grant it, if you've been there once, you're been there a hundred times, but it's the size of a football field so one visit can take all day, so wear comfortable shoes!Folks drive in from miles around- even from neighboring states to shop or sell here. It's so extensive and well set up, it's easy to see why.There are five LONG tents, about 1600 kiosks, for a total of 1 1/4 miles of shopping.  Most vendors carry very specific stock, so in a five minute walk you can see:-beer can folk art-Christian themed glass etchings and stained glass-used paperbacks and VHS tapes-dried fruit, nuts, and Mexican vanilla-tshirts with witty pictures like a cartoon squirrel saying "I'm so old I can't find my nuts!" or Hallmark's Maxine saying "The best thing about having Alzheimer's is: at least I don't have Alzheimer's!"-knives, machetes, sawblades, and scythe blades-golf carts and clubs-"As Seen On TV" items like the Bumpit and the PedEgg-knockoff perfumes and discontinued pharmaceutical items-socks, three pairs for two bucks-hand-dyed tshirts with gold accents and angel designs that middleaged women love-jewelry, watches, cheap purses and wallets-pet rocks, battery-operated ferrets, and Beanie Babies.It's a browser's dream come true.Instead of in-house music, there's an endlessly looping tape of a friendly, older gent's voice with a slight Southern accent, advertising specials or featured vendors. There are washrooms at the end of every tent, fast food vendors and seating areas in the middle, and a truly massive (and free) parking lot.Friday is the best day to go; weekends are a bit too busy unless you don't mind big, very slow-moving crowds.
3	This is a great place to take the shopper in your life.  1 1/4 miles of shopping everything from chip dip to clothes to books.   You can get some unique items if you know were to look.  Love being able to haggel with some of the vendors!   It's a fun place to hang out every now and then and a must see for visitors.  Wear comfy walking shoes , take your own bags to put your finds in and be prepared to be patient.
3	This is a great year round market...BUT,  Its all NEW merchandise.  Food, Beer and entertainment with lots of vendors (1600) are advertised very neat and clean a fun place to visit...I wish it had "Flea Market" Junk...I like to search out bargains and deals and look for finds, not one baseball card in the place??? free parking, free admission
4	I'm from MN but recently visited KY& this by far is super cool. Lots of everything you could hope for& stuff you have no need for! I purchased a purse &2 Arizona tanktops! Plus a smoothie on the way out. 4* because I couldn't find my way out. I will be back with my hubby to buy some wall decor plus let him shop! This was a reference from a friend in KY- I'm glad I listened & took the time to shop;)
5	You know what they say, one man's treasure... So, this is an all day venture for me whenever I go. Luckily I have one longsuffering friend who goes with me on adventures like this. I just can't resist tacky lawn ornaments, you know? I don't even HAVE a lawn, so I'm not pretending this makes any sense. I seem to buy windchimes every time I'm there too. It's only open from 8-3 on weekends before July, though, so you have to be dedicated to getting out of bed on a Saturday. They serve breakfast, which gives me all the incentive I need to roll out of bed and drive thirty minutes for a day of wandering through weird, wacky crap. I have found some really fun things, too. It's not just for gag gifts and jokes. I got a 70's era painted metal lunchbox that I actually use all the time for cosmetics and stuff.
5	I am so glad I found this place, I found a booth that sells 100% Original Brand Fragrances!  They are licensed and authorized and have the best prices!  They have been there for a few years now and guarantee there prices and product!  They had my favorite brands including Burberry, Kenneth Cole, Calvin Klein and so many more!  I picked up a bottle of Justin Bieber perfume for my niece for such a great price! I am never going to the mall for perfume or cologne again!  They were so professional and had such an awesome display!  Looked like something you find at the mall...they even have a big LED screen there to do Price searching for you...that is amazing in itself....I know I have my new perfume and cologne hook up from now on....The place is called Discount Fragrances and they are at space C-152 & 154....I have there business card...there number is 480-773-5095 Mesa Market Place Swap meet in Mesa AZ.
4	Back again this year, for more fun stuff to ogle, like license plate birdhouses, kitchen knife demonstrations, jacuzzis, and those ionic bracelets that make you invisible... well, I may have misheard the announcement on that one.The overall quality of merchandise has improved since my last visit a few years ago, and there seems to be less repeating merchandise among the booths (although I did see identical skirts sold by six different merchants)My very favourite booth specializes in middle-eastern style clothing and accessories, so it kind of sticks out among the dried fruit, garden tools, and golf bags. You'll know it by the wildly stylized Christmas stockings that look like props from a medieval Turkish theatre company. I wanted to buy everything but settled for a sequinned clutch purse and a stunning black beaded 20's style shawl. Most of the merchants seem to have credit or debit options, but bring cash too!
4	I'm coming out of the flea market closet.  I am sort of a fan of these types of things.As far as flea markets go I like them because they are electic gatherings of things you don't see in stores all the time.  Having said that, 60% of the flea markets I've been to I've completely hated, felt like it was a waste of my time and energy - but I've found just enough items (to buy, or just even to look at) at the 20% that I felt I couldn't get anywhere else that make me venture into these places.The Mesa Market is not your average Flea Market.  There are some touristy type things, sports memorobilia, games, even a few Cacti growers,and yes some of the booths have junk but it's fewer and far between.  One thing to note is that there are a few booths that seem repetious - and in that the pricing is different and the quality of the product is different.  I highly recommend walking the whole thing first before buying what it is you want, making sure you get the quality and price you want.  Sometimes you can haggle as well with one, vs the other.If you have a aversion to flea markets I'd still give this one a try.  On the weekends they even have live music and in the middle of the place, a little place to get food if you are so inclined in the circus-festival food type.
3	I've seen commercials for this place before, and meant to come here sooner, but I finally decided to come in today.  I thought, ya know, its nice outside today, I think I'm going to go for a drive!This place is way far out on the East side of town.  I don't mind the drive since it's kinda pretty, and it was right off the expressway too.  I wasn't shopping for anything in particular, and went in with an open mind.  There's a lot of parking here, which is great, but its also easy to forget where you parked like I did.  It all kinda looks the same, and there aren't any markers to remember in the lot like at the mall.  I found my car eventually, but not without a lot of wandering around!  LOLAnyways, there's an enormous amount of stuff for sale here.  Clothing, kitchen stuff, knick knacks, wind chimes, and a whole bunch of other stuff. Some of it (okay, a lot of it) is cheesy items, but there are some good finds here. I scored some Avon stuff in a booth, and also saw a few cute things for my garden, but didn't purchase them since I wanted to get home.  There was also an enormous amount of old people here, I guess it's their thing to do on a Saturday afternoon, so be prepared!I had an okay time, and wouldn't mind coming back in the future.  The drive wasn't so bad, but its more the random selection of stuff that they have.O, and they have a food court here too, but I would rather eat at the resturants on the way in, that's just me.  They even had this old guy belting out some tunes in the food court area, which was pretty neat!
4	The Mesa Mart is a great place to great to exercise and shop at the same time.  With 4 rows of shops to explore you can find just about everything you are looking for.  Don't let the size scare you.  You'll have to explore each row on it's own to get the full depth of the items being offered. While you will see multiple booths on different rows offering the same items, you'll also find unique vendors mixed in offering items you won't find anywhere else.  This is a great place to get a truly "one of a kind" gift.  Most often you'll be talking directly with the craftsman that makes the product you are interested in.Interested in information, there are numerous booths that offer information from windows, water softeners to patio makeovers, swimming pools and hot tubs.   If you are worried about the weather, The Vendors are all covered and while the outside might look a little "gloomy" the inside is full of bright and cheerful patrons and vendors.  Give it a try, you have nothing to loose but some calories.
3	Being that I love junk shops, antiques and other random stores selling bizarre odds and ends, I can't believe this was my first visit to a Swap Meet. Do you need luggage, a melon baller, leather satchel and a hot tub? Well you have come to the right place. THEY SELL BEER! Miller High Life, $3 for a 16 oz'er. Imagine wandering, row upon row of all you could even need.  The stalls are covered, but because summer is fast approaching it was a bit warm and stuffy. I didn't buy anything, but I can say with certainty, I will be back when the weather cools down.
4	i liked it. alot of stuff to see. wanting to go back to see what i can score for a good deal.
3	Great place to find practically everything... and at a cheaper price than at most department stores! Great place for people in Arizona and for tourists passing through! This place takes about half a day to walk but is worth it if you want to kill time and do something different.
4	Lots of unique items here. I was happy to see that not every booth was selling the same stuff, unlike other markets I've been to.  You can find nice handmade decor for your home.  They have live music, cheap breakfast and tons of parking.  This is an open air market so avoid coming here in the summer, unless you want to sweat like a pig.  I made that mistake.  I thought if I got there early enough, it wouldn't be so bad, but I was wrong.  They have fans and misters going but I think the misters make it way too humid.
4	I enjoy trinket shopping so coming here is always fun for me. Summer time is a little unbearable as the day heats up so come here early! During the winter tho its great. the spots fill up with vendors & you'll find the occasional car show on the west side of the market. Great for little gifts at a reasonable rates. I've come here plenty in my years & I will continue to come here, just not as much in the summer-too hot for me
2	This is kind of a touristy, large garage sale place.  I came here to get some specific fun patio stuff.   It's like a fair atmosphere.  There are tons of people there and I dislike crowded areas.  It's large, so you really have to look to find what you want to get.  Nevertheless I came for what I wanted and had a good time wheeling and dealing for negotiated prices, and I also found some little nit-pick stuff.   It's hard not to come out with some kind of unexpected junk items.  There's a bunch of coupons on the website but good luck finding those place in this big tented affair.
4	Hey hey!!  AT the Flea Market...  Living rooms, dinettes...
4	When I am in AZ, I have come to a particular place outside of a sports venue. Usually, I am in AZ for a Dodgers vs D'backs Game. During those non-Dodger Days, I like to travel about 20 minutes east of Phoenix to one of the most authentic swap meets at the Mesa Market Place Swap Meet.Unlike what I am used to Los Angeles, Mesa Market Place Swap Meet is one of those swap meets that you will want to keep coming back for more. In Los Angeles, I just want to grab what I am looking for and leave. Mesa Market Place has a huge parking lot. I wouldn't be surprised if Mesa Market would expand another aisle and possibly branch out to do automotive items. It would be something different. Probably do window tints or install aftermarket items.You will find all sorts of items you would see on eBay and find them here. Whether its cell phone cases, luggages to statutes or cooking demonstration, you will have a lot of fun walking down four aisles. Oh yeah, Mesa Market serves $3 Beers! That is a very BIG PLUS! You can walk down the aisles and drink or sit down and listen to some singing. I definitely got some Chicken Tender & Fries after shopping around. You'll probably get full from getting the freebie trail mixes from the multiple stores that offer them for free.When you are visiting Phoenix, definitely stop by Mesa Market Place. Not all shopping has to be done at the widely invaded Wal-Mart or at the mall, but sometimes the swap meet is the cool place to be. I can't believe my one month supply of trail mixes is almost gone in two days. I have to go back and make sure I buy a year supply for a weeks worth :)Yelp! The One Stop Place For Your Everyday Research!
4	I love this place. People watching is great.  Wal-Mart meet Kmart in people. It is outside, so winter time is the best. That is also when all the vendors are there. Four very long rows of nothing but "swap meet" type of merchandise.  There are some good deals to be found. Last years electronic toys.  All kinds of t-shirts, sweatshirts.  Many jewelry items. Overall, just a great place to spend a few hours wandering. Not too mention the exercise you get!!
4	Unlike some of the flea markets I've been to this one stands out at being one of the best albeit for one I went to in Pasadena Calif. many years ago.   First of all, there is no fee for parking or an entrance fee.  So this is a big plus for me.  It was jammed packed with cars but with patience you get a parking spot pretty quickly.  Apparently they added another day to it.  Now it includes Fridays as well.  So it goes on all year from Friday to Sunday.  A really great way to spend a couple of hours browsing through the covered tents.   It looks to be around 1/2 mile long with about 4 aisles packed with "stuff".  It's basically the usual stuff you get almost everywhere. Tee's, Sweatshirts, leather goods, shoes, tools, jewelry cleaners, jewelry,  loads of foods vendors and a great big food court.  Not my cup of tea, but it is available.  I'm not a golfer, but lots of booth with  clubs etc.  Chatchkas (Yiddish) word for a lot of "things"some useful and some not.  It's great if you want to get some exercise and walk for a couple of hours and have some fun wandering about.  They even had some cheese made in Arizona like the Wisconsin cheddar.  Something a friend of mine from Wisconsin used to bring back for me. They are small pieces that just melt in your mouth.   Didn't have a cooler so didn't pick it up.  Overall a good place to pass some time and get off your butt.
1	I used to like this place, but then I tried paying for a small item with my debit card at a bead store, and was told I needed to buy a minimum of 10$ if I were to buy anything from them. I was told the same thing from the guy selling knives and also the lady selling Avon. that would have been 30$ I was charged for 5$ worth of trinkets. When I brought up this usery at their website to correct, they told me to shop somewhere else.(what a bunch of jerks!) So, I told them I would make sure to get the word out to whomever would listen to 'not waste your time there.' Besides, in the wintertime all they sell is the same thing row after row anyways. In the summertime it is overpriced and not worth the trip to drive out there. The mall is much more affordable. Ironic isn't it?
1	Sweet reply, from the swapmeet employee but think about this- charging a 10$ minimum is still extortion. (An excessive or exorbitant charge.)
1	This place sucks. They have 99cent store stuff selling for 5x the price lol save your time and go anywhere else
2	I've got mixed feelings on this place really.  Been there probably 4 or 5 times and only bought something twice.  I've noticed some repeat vendors and majority of stuff is kind of pricy and tames to the older folks.  One thing I do recall buying there was a turquoise ring (You know the "Native American" jewelry sold by Caucasians haha).  I thought it looked cool and don't remember for sure how much it was ( I think $50ish, but all I know that it wasn't cheap. Another thing I bought was a Navajo circle of life for around $55-$60 I got at another vendor operated by another white (still hanging in my room).  I have a thing for Native American arts and artifacts.The place isn't too bad, a lot of parking and quite a few vendors, just nothing that really catches my eye.
3	If you need a Arizona sweatshirt with a wolf on it, this is the place to go. Or rugs, plenty of rugs.....walked around for 2 hours and I just got a jar of salsa......yippee.
4	This is the "Just Gotta" go place in Mesa for visitors. If you can't find an Arizona gift for the relatives back home, you must have sit in the car while the rest of your party when looking and shopping. Rows and rows of everything under the sun from golf balls to Red Dirt T-shirts and dried fruit, chocolates and wind chimes or that perfect outdoor metal-plastic-paper T H I N G  you have been looking for.Spas and lawn furniture, dog coasters and diamond rings to salsa and all steel cooking pans skillets pots and bowls. On and that's just in Aisle A and B!
4	I've visited the swap meet several times and always take our company with me. The place is quite clean and very friendly vendors. They offer almost every item you would want or need. The free entertainment is always enjoyable. All four rows are under tents so as to keep you free of the weather-hot or rainy. All in all, a must see!
4	Every time I come home to Arizona I always enjoy looking around this place, mostly on a Saturday afternoon.  Cold beer and many vendors.  There are great deals to be had and there is something for everyone.  But, there is "crap" sold here and it would be nice to see this place expanded.  More details coming soon!
