5	I've gone to Dr. Lee in the past for some extensive dental work so I know how careful and meticulous he is. I needed to have 6 crowns placed for my rear molars, and precision work is key to making your crowns fit right and comfortably. I have actually had other dentists compliment my crown work!The office is clean and comfortable and the front office staff were all nice and accomodating.The procedure itself was comfortable, as Dr. Lee has a pretty deft hand with the anesthetic and he was good at putting me at ease during the whole thing.
5	I went to Dr. Lee to have my front 6 porcelain teeth redone.  I went to someone in california 10 years ago and I had such a horrible experience that I never wanted any dentist touching them again.  Several dentists recommended redoing them but I refused.  However, Dr. Lee explained the procedure very well, showed me what was going on with xrays, and put me at ease.  So I decided to go ahead with replacing them.  I am so glad I did, it was not at all like the painful nughtmare I experienced 10 years ago.  Don't get me wrong, of course there was a little pain and discomfort, but totally bearable.  Dr. Lee and his staff were very gentle and calming.  They listen to you and make your experience as comfortable as possible.  Now I have a great smile again and I have Dr. Lee and his office to thank for it.As far as the office, it is very clean and spacious.  You definitely feel comfortable in the waiting area.  I actually didn't get a chance to read the magazines because they called me up almost right away.  I trust Dr. Lee with my own family.  My wife and kids have gone to him and were very happy too.  In fact, we asked him for a second opinion on my daughter who was told she had cavities by a pediatric dentist and needed them to be removed.  Dr. Lee said they were not that bad and was not necessary to remove.  So that tells you how honest he is.  He will not do unnecessary procedures to rip people off.  He is definietly someone you can trust.
5	Dr Lee is trustworthy and really cares for his patients. I actually go out my way see him because it is that hard to find a dentist I like and trust. He makes you comfortable and make you feel at ease. I would recommend him to anyone.
2	This place is a joke. The dental industry needs some regulation because the prices here are 3 times more than other dentists in the area.  Called for a quote on a simple tooth extraction and they wanted almost $400 after fees and such nonsense.  The dentist may be good here, but the prices are outrageous.   GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
5	Best dentist ever! No frills, but Dr. Lee is amazing! Gets the job done and very cost effective, even has great patient intersection and empathy. I recommend him to everyone!
