5	When I was in college at CMU, Larry & Carol's was a main part of my diet. In addition to having 5 phone lines (so you could always get through), they were open till 3am doing brisk delivery business on campus with their delicious toasted sandwiches and pizza.  These days when I'm back in da 'Burgh to visit the parental units, I always stop off at Larry & Carols and pickup a footlong sandwich for old time's sake!
3	I used to look forward to getting wedgies from here.  It used to be on my must get list anytime I was in Pitts.  In any case, we ended up ordering 2 steak wedgies to go over the phone.  We get there and they had made the wrong items and gave us hoagies instead.  Had we not been in a time crunch, it wouldn't have bothered me but really, don't make it seem like it's our fault!It was good, but not as great as I had once imagined.  Basically a wedgie is similar to a calzone but think of it as a sandwich enclosed in pizza dough and then you eat it with italian dressing.Pretty much a pick up and go type of joint, no tables inside.
2	I've tried the pizza and the calzones. The pizza is weird, and incredibly greasy. The tomato sauce is too sweet. The cheese is seperated from the sauce and greasy.The calzones are ok, it's mostly the same ingredients, but the dough was a little bit better and the grease didn't seem to explode out of the thing as much.
2	I'm writing this review so that others might avoid the horror that is Larry & Carol's.The two virtues of Larry & Carols is that they are open until really late, and the food is fairly cheap. On the other hand, the food is average at best, and downright terrible at worst. Everything is overly greasy, and their pizza and calzones could charitably be called 'unique.' They often leave out items when delivering, and take a pretty long time to do so.All in all, probably the worst option for late night food. I would highly recommend finding somewhere else. On the other hand, they avoid getting a single star because they are open later than any delivery joint other than Domino's and Vocelli's, and because nothing there has made me physically ill.
1	Let's start off by saying that this place has horrible service and I was  cursed at twice by the delivery drivers in two separate orders.So I placed an order with them online for two deluxe calzones and it arrived 45 minutes late. Understandably, the restaurant can be short-staffed on a Sunday night but not only was the delivery late, the delivery man addressed me very rudely and cursed me out. This was inexcusable behavior and bore a bad name for the restaurant. I called the restaurant's night manager who gave me nothing more than a snappy apology.The calzones themselves were decently sized and filled with good oily ingredients but the crust was too thick for my liking.I will remember to not tip the driver beforehand next time, IF I will even consider ordering from such an establishment.*Update*I gave them another try a year later and when I undertipped the driver (~10% on a $7 delivery) he later sent me a very rude text message calling me an "ignorant a**" and finished it off with "don't order food anymore a**hole"Ok, I'll take your advice. You just lost my business and everyone in my apartment after I told them this story.
1	This place is a disappointment. It took 2 hours to get my pizza, when they told me 45 minutes to an hour. I was told the first time the driver was leaving in 2 minutes, and I was his only stop. It took another 50 minutes to get to my house. I live about 10 minutes away. When it finally got to my house after three calls and two hours, it was cold. When I put it in the microwave, it wasn't even good warm pizza. The Pizza was okay at best, just not worth a 2 hour wait. I will avoid this place going forward. Pizza Sola is way better!
1	I've recalled my memory of having some good pizza from Larry and Carol's and looked forward for another good one but my expectation has been completely shattered. I thought I've placed order at different restaurant but it sure was Larry and Carol.
3	I shared the King Kong pizza with a lot of friends. The quality of the pizza is on par with the other pizza joints south of Forbes in Oakland; however, the allure was clearly ordering a monstrous pizza.As a note, Larry & Carol's is open late.
2	We've had some pretty terrible experiences ordering L&C's from work.Pizza's decent but the employee's and their attitudes need some adjusting.
3	In lieu of the recent events that provide a haunting admonition to the fate of Larry and Carol's, I'd like to add my review.Here's to the late nights on Semple street, having too good of a time to stumble the fifteen feet across the street to our door; here's to the muscle outside Larry and Carol's until 4 AM, the muscle that came back a few hours later, the muscle that kept a pretty dirty watch on the block. Here's to the always-tired staff, the cooks that wouldn't hesitate to ask you what the hell you wanted in their store, the cooks that gave up dough for the locals. Here's to the pizza, that horrible pizza; and here's to the rest of the food that we were too wasted to ever want to try, because it was always about the pizza. Here's to the King Kong, and here's to the parties, and here's to the memories of Larry and Carol's.They weren't the best place, they weren't the nicest place, but they were quite the place.L&C, L&C, L&C forever.
5	I think Larry and Carol's is the perfect place for a late night pizza. I used to have this pizza a lot during college but haven't had it in a while! When I went in they seemed so friendly! I guess they are under new management. It was so delicious just as I remember and the only place open late night for delivery!
4	OMG, I loved the Turkey sub, what a wholesome bread and flavorful turkey! I loved their chilli too! 5 stars!
4	A friend of mine wrote a song with the lyrics; "It may look the same, it may have the same name, but it's not the same place."  Such is the case of Larry and Carols since they are now, from what I understand under new ownership.  This review is for the old Larry and Carol's under the previous owners. So the star rating is not to be seen as that accurate.  Back when I lived in Souf oakland this was my favorite pizza place from 1994-1999/2000. They use to have this pizza on the menu called the pizza duo.  It was the most amazing pizza I had ever had.  It was a pizza on top of a pizza.  A co-worker of mine was the cousin of the then manager?  He passed and the duo passed with him.  After his passing the duo was never cooked in the center properly.  I see that it is no longer on the new owners menu. So sad since this was such a great invention. I turned many friends, including culinary students on to L&C. Their duo and specialty pizzas were the best and impressed my chef friends. After 99-2000 and the passing of the cousin we started going to Say Cheese. The question remains since the menu and the hours of operation have changed so much (no longer open till 3-4 A.M.) should they really be allowed to keep this historic name the same? In my opinion no.  This is not the Larry and Carols of yesteryear. Those years you shlepped (and sometimes friends even rollerbladed) through the dark alleyways of souf Oakland in the wee hours of the night to get an amazing creation are long gone. The memory and my copy of the old paper menu will live forever.  As for the new owners I wish them good luck in their business.
4	Defiantly one of my favorite pizza places I've tried so far while being in the shadyside area. The crust was cooked to perfection, perfect amount of sauce on the pizza and the cheese was glorious! I loved it!
1	Larry & Carol PizzaJust had a rude yelling from your delivery man just now He was mad because he couldn't find my college campus and took it out on the customer. I came outside to get a pizza he gave me from his car. Unprofessional!  Please give GPS to your employees and teach them kindness to the customers.   I am a college student at Point Park University from Seattle I put down the address the school gave me   I will never order anything from you again!I warn others not to go through this over some pizza.
3	Not a whole lot to say since I ordered delivery but the white pizza with black olives was delicious. Delivery was prompt had to go out to the car the guy didn't get out which was kind of odd and unprofessional but not a big deal.All in all I wasn't disappointed but it's pizza it's always pretty good
