4	The Fruit Connection offers all those rare and unusual fruits and vegetables not readily available at the bigger brand supermarkets. Needing some fiery chillies for a curry I popped in here expecting to bag only a small variety. I was proved wrong with about 5 variations of chilli and picked up a super hot Dhani chilli.  Other notable items included curly kale and lemongrass, all of which are usually hard to get hold of.Great as a convenient shop to find ingredients for the complex recipe.
3	Fruti Connection offers pleasant service and great range of fruit and vegetables from both local and foreign sources.  Under their canopy outside they have an impressive selection of berries and nuts.  Inside they have a massive range of vegetables from marrows and bean sprouts to locally sourced carrots and huge potatoes which would be great for baking and having for lunch.Unfortunately, some of Fruit Connection's fruit isn't of the best quality and last summer I bought a packet of blueberries which I munched in the Meadows and most of them were mushy and overripe.I would be willing to give this place another chance, but from my lat experience some of their fruit isn't worth the money.
4	I was just passing by this shop when I saw something that astounded me; 2 packs of strawberries for a pound, a pack of grapes for a pound and about 12 small necatrines for a pound.  These were all near the end of their life and at their ripest with a few imperfections, but this is still a great deal.  I've heard of places offering good deals, but quite frankly this one takes things too far.  I mean, this is a ridiculous deal to offer.Needless to say I headed straight into the should in a little bit of doubt over whether  a mistake had been made, but all was right and I walked out astounded.From that day on this shop became my first port of call for fruit and veg and I've had no reason to regret it.
4	There's a handful of fruit & veg shops in this area between Marchmont and Sciennes, and although they're all a fairly similar standard this one is my favourite.For one thing, the prices are generally really low for normal day-to-day things, although if you're going for the more exotic stuff you will pay a fair whack for it. But for your weekly shop, you can get everything that Tesco or Sainsbury's will have and then some, except here it's often much better quality and it's a fraction of the price. There's something quite nice as the cucmbers not all being perfectly straight, or the carrots not all being the same shade of orange - at least you know they've been grown naturally and under a heatlamp somewhere.It's also right next to Eddie's Seafood market, so it's really convenient when you're trying to do your shopping. The main reason I (and I'd guess most people) go to soul-less supermarkets is because you can get everything under one roof, so having these two next door to eachother is definitely a bonus.
3	Like this place - friendly staff, huge selection of veg for all you foody needs and really well laid out, so even when its busy you can still get around. The only down side is it can be a little more expensive than some of the other shops around argyle place etc.
