1	I would not go back here if they offered me free car washes for the rest of my life!  A week ago, I filled up the gas tank of my Prius at the Chevron on Ray and Cooper, and they advertised a free car wash with purchase of 8 gallons of gas.  Perfect!  I filled up, got a hand-written receipt and took it over to the car wash.  The attendant at the gas station also proudly announced that he managed both places and that they were owned by the same people.      My car was took about 20 minutes.  As I picked up my car and began to drive away, I noticed that the compass inside my car was in pieces, and not all of the pieces were included.  Then I noticed that my passenger side mirror was completed smashed and dangling from my car by the wire!  I turned around and returned to the car wash, demanding a manager's attention.  An attendant said he was going to get someone and told me to stay put.  This was at closing time, around 6pm on Sunday, June 8, 2008.  Since it took him more than 15 minutes, I went inside to follow-up.  Finally a manager came out with a clipboard and wrote down all the information.  I noticed at this time that the floor had not even been vaccumed, which was supposed to have been part of the package.  He assured me that someone would call me the next day and discuss the details.  No one had called by Thursday.     On Thursday I finally got a call from a different manager, and that was only after I had called and left a message.  He told me the part had just been ordered and would be in by next week on Wednesday.  Meanwhile, the mirror that they had simply taped to my car had falled off again, and it banged against my car so hard when I drove that it scratched the paint off a little.  A week later, I got a call saying that the part had come in, and they asked me to come in on Saturday morning.     So on Saturday, June 14, 2008, I came in around 10:00am.  I asked for the manager.  He came out and introduced himself as Dennis Struck.  I handed him my keys, and he got the mirror out of an office behind the counter.  He said it would take a little longer than he anticipated and that he would call me.  He took down my number.  I explained the paint damage.  He said "Don't worry about it; we'll take care of it."  He also said that he would give me another car wash if I wouldn't mind purchasing the compass replacement.  So I went home, hoping I'd return later to find my car good as new!     No one called.  The next day, I called, and someone who was very rude said, "The car must be ready, because it was sitting out here when I came in this morning."  Fantastic!  What jerks!  So I came to get it.  No one had vaccumed the interior.  No detail had been done to repair the paint damaged by the broken mirror.  The mirror was attached and working, but that was it.      This was by FAR the WORST car experience of my life.  Also, this was the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I have ever encountered.  Everyone from the ground up to the manager, Dennis Struck, should be fired and replaced.  They have a thing or two to learn about customer serice.  I am telling everyone I know not to visit this car wash, as they will do more damage than good, and they do not even keep their word about repairs.  Communication was also remarkably poor.  I hope they get shut down.  If you're reading this, avoid that car wash at ALL costs and the gas station next to it too!
1	Big  "$5.99 CAR WASH" banner with lots of small print at curbside should have been warning enough, but after driving nearly 400 miles to see some Spring Training baseball last weekend, my truck was covered in bugs, and I didn't think the cheap wash would get it anywhere near clean, so I pull in (after driving by about six "do it yourself" places). Greeted by a slick salesman, wearing a company polo shirt. He's got the ticket in hand, and I select the $21.99 wash (figuring that paying for the upgraded wash will warrant the extra time my bug-covered truck would require). He asks if I want a wax, and I explain that I don't have time. He asks how much time I've got, and I tell him that we're headed to a game, and that I only have time for the wash. He exclaims that a wax would only take 25 minutes, total, which I quickly dismiss as fiction and explain that I just want whatever comes with the $21.99 wash. He then shifts to a choice of leather treatment for the interior, explaining that I've got a choice of Armor All, or some other cleaner. I say "dealer's choice", hoping to expedite the process, but he continues the inquisition, this time talking up some wheel-related upgrade. At this point, I exit the vehicle, explain for the the fourth time that I just want the $21.99 service, and request my ticket. Lo and behold, my path is immediately intercepted by the auto glass repair dude, who wants to fix a chip he's identified in my windshield (how he could identify anything though all the bug guts is beyond me!) A simple no is not enough with this guy either, so he follows me for a few steps, extolling the virtues of his services before I disappear into the office to pay for my wash. I assume (wrongly) that I'm out of the high-pressure zone, when the cashier explains that "today's wash could be free" if I just purchase a handful of future washes. At this point, I'm speechless, and just hand her my money while smiling and slowly shaking my head "no".Sad, methinks, because these guys do pretty good work. They are only the second car wash I've ever been to that uses air hoses to flush water out of all the seams of your car body and windows (preventing streaking, which, with my black truck, negates the value of a wash almost every time.)Note to ownership/management: Tap the brakes on the hard sell. Restructure the bonus program, and/or eliminate the commission piece. Partner with some of the high school groups that were promoting their own car washes all over the area this weekend, and give them a percentage of your take. Worst case, you'll build some goodwill with a group of future drivers (high school students). Best case, you'll also turn on a whole new group of customers to your quality washes. Judging by lack of business you were doing when I was there (Saturday morning = key business hours), you don't have much to lose!
2	Two sides of this review:1. They do a good job of washing the car. I have no complaints and keep going back because they send some pretty good coupons in the mail on a regular basis.2. Be prepared to be swarmed with cheesy sales guys. First you get the guy trying to upsell you a hand wax or interior detail. He/she doesnt easily take no for an answer. And trust me, when they tell you a wax and interior detail will only take 40 minutes, he is absolutely lying to you. I'm a bit of an easy sell so I've agreed to do it a few times. Not once has it EVER been less than 1.5 hours.. ever. But when I tell them I dont have time they always tell me it will only take 30-40 minutes.The next guy is trying to sell windshield repairs. He'll get you the moment you finish with the other sales guy. As I mentioned before, I'm an easy sell so I once agreed to do this. The guy promised it would only take 15 minutes, it took an hour. They had to fill out some paperwork and call my insurance company (Progressive) and then I had to talk with my insurance company.. blah blah blah. An hour later I get my car and it seriously looks like someone just took super glue and smeared it over the tiny little chips I had in the windshield. It was such a crock. Nothing but a scam.This car washing experience would be so much better if they eliminated the windshield repair guys.
1	I felt $20 was way too much for a hand wash to begin with. The guy said he would also armor all the tires and vacuum the car which they did not. Also when I left and got home there was still gunk stuck to the car. They did a horrible job and I will never go back.
5	Thee best car wash in West Gilbert, believe me, I've tried them all for ya!After a horrible experience at Classic Car Wash, I was forced to hop on my "around me" app and look for the next closest car wash and I found this little gem.... the one car wash I hadn't tried in a 15 mile radius.  So, what makes Francis so special you ask?  To start they give a voucher for a free carwash that can be used for up to SEVEN DAYS.  That's right, shout it from the roof top bruthas and sistahs.  No one in the valley does that!  Also, when they were cleaning my car, they took out the rubber linings for the cup holders and cleaned them!  I was in love at that point.  My husband tipped and then I double tipped, they did a really great job!
1	NEVER COMING BACK! !!! we only came for a oil change and they asked if we wanted a $70 wash/cleaning and we said no. we ended up getting a $30 oil change/wash package... they INSISTED that our car wouldn't start and needed a new battery and would be $120 to replace but we said "no thanks just jump start it and we'll take our car somewhere else". they also said we need another air filter and clean the fuel system.  we said no to all. after, we took our car to our family mechanic recharged the battery and our battery was fine! we drove towards scottsdale and noticed our car was high on temperature and popped our hood to find the radiator cap missing which was weird!!! we had to stop at auto zone to buy coolant and another cap. bottom line... our car never had these issues prior to coming to francis and by coincidence they ALL APPEARED during/after the visit! we called the manager and he said they didnt take the cap. in conclusion, we felt very weird abou the whole experience and that something was NOT RIGHT about how they handled everything! NOT COMING BACK!!!
1	I have driven by this car wash several times and had kept meaning to stop.  Yesterday, I finally decided to make a special trip over to have my SUV washed.  This was a sunny Saturday afternoon, and I drove up to where I *thought* I should be greeted to select my wash.  I say *thought*, because there was no clear signage and no one to greet/direct me.  There was one woman vacuuming cars, but she didn't even look up when I pulled in.  I sat for 9 minutes before anyone came out.  When the guy approached me, I asked if I was in the right place and he copped an attitude with me and stated he "had something to take care of inside".  Had his "something" taken another minute, I would have left.  Nonetheless, I politely told him I'd like my car washed and told him which wash I wanted.  He gave my car (not particularly dirty, mind you) a front-to-back glance and asked if I wanted it detailed.  I said no.  He then tried to push getting a gift certificate to have it done later.  When I declined, he again responded with an attitude.  Now, skip to the wash.  Although the vaccuming seems to have been done correctly, the surfaces inside the vehicle did not get cleaned.  There was dirt on both running boards and the back quarter panels.  I'm not sure what they did for the $12 plus tip I paid them, but I will NEVER go back.  If they would put the effort into the services they claim to provide that they put into making excuses and pushing upsells, they might be decent.  But right now, they need to get their act together.
4	I go here almost weekly...usually get just the basic wash. They do what I expect them to...My car always looks great...only thing I don't like is their cinnamon smell, skip it and buy your own! :)
1	This place was horrible!  I was there for over an hour and a half!  It took them FOREVER to wash my car - and there were barely any customers there!  I got the Ultimate Wash which cost $23.99 with my coupon (plus $5 tip - which I shouldn't have tipped the guy that much).  They didn't even wash the wax crayon off my window that they wrote on my car!  The person who "finished" my car didn't clean the inside of my windows in the back seats (which I didn't notice until after I was gone)  and not only that but there was this sales girl there trying to get me to repair my windshield for CASH only payment and said that if I wanted to go through my insurance I would have to come back.  Ummmm - sounds like a scam to me!  I told her no and then she came into the lobby waiting area to ask me if I wanted to have her call the insurance company!  Unbelievable!  I pay around $30 to get my car "washed" and then I get harassed by a windshield repair person once while I am placing my order and then again while I was inside the waiting area.  NO means NO!  I will NEVER return to this car wash again! :(
3	When you go here, they always try to upsale you.  No problem with that but you have to be careful.  I bought a detail service and was promised additional services that were not spelled out on the contract I signed.  I didn't have time to get the detail service right then so I waited a couple of months.  When I came back to redeem my prepaid contract, they renigged on what they had agreed to do and I had to pay an additional $80 for getting my interior shampooed.  The manager said it wasn't spelled out in the contract and that I shouldn't have signed it.  Ok, that is on me.  Funny thing is that when I went back to the sales guy, he said he would give me a great deal and polish my lights for free as well as condition all my rubber but he didn't write that on the contract until I insisted.  As a normal sales pitch, they verbally offer additional incentives but don't put them on the contract.  I'm sure they normally make good on these deals but if you wait a couple of months like I did (the contract didn't expire) they forget what was promised.
1	my brother recently went to this location to get a car wash, he got an oil change to do me the favor since i had no time to do it myself, ended up with a slow transmission leak which i NEVER had before the car going there, EVERYONE, DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION, they will, as other reviews have reported, come back in worse shape & with more problems, so do yourself a favor & DRIVE PASS THIS LOCATION or you will be paying for more work to repair the damage they have done !!
3	the first time they never put my antenna back on other than that they do a great job in and out in 20 minutes
1	I have been going for a few months because I have 1/2 off coupons.  There was always something minor I had them touch up, but no big issues.  Unfortunately, a few days ago I went and they forgot to put back a floor mat.  I noticed it was missing and went back 2 days later, but no one could find it.  They said a manger would call me the next day, but I had to call them.  The assistant manager said he spoke to all the workers and none of them remember taking it out.  He said they just lift up the mats, vacuum, then put them back.  All I got was an apology and an unsolved mystery as to where the mat is.  I will NOT GO BACK.
1	The one star reviews are extremely accurate. Not coming back, too bad -- cool location.
1	I had just returned from a road trip and although it was just starting to rain, I needed all the dead bugs removed from my car.  The person at the car wash entrance said I could pay $5 and drive it through the wash myself to get the outside cleaned off. So I have him $5 and went to drive through the wash.  Well, they did not remove my antenna, nor did they tell me I needed to remove my antenna, and the car wash not only snapped off the antenna, but dislodged the entire antenna casing from the roof of my car. I didn't notice it until after I had left the wash, but when I returned and spoke with the manager, Brian, he was extremely rude to me and told me they were not responsible for antennas and refused to offer any kind of resolution.  He actually tried to blame the damage on the age of my car (which it's only a 2007).  When I said "don't you normally remove an antenna before taking a car through the wash?" he replied "not always.".  I am reporting this to Francis & Sons corporate, but want to warn everyone to steer clear of this car wash.  I will never be back.
1	I don't write reviews but I felt I needed to as a business owner. We brought both of our cars in for a full car detail. Brought my wife's car in at 8am and my car at 9am. I volunteered to stay with the cars for the promised 3 hour detail. Her car was suppose to be done by 12 which didn't happen. I watched both our car sit for hours inquiring what was going on as I had to work in the afternoon. They said the were short employees because of the Danny car wash bust. I guess their employees were scared, but only if they were illegal. Anyways, my wife calls and asks if her car was done, she had to pick up kids at 3pm. I told Francis I would take her car and come back. It was 7 hours and they were still not done with her car. My car was still sitting after an exterior wash waiting to be detailed.. We came back and dropped off her car for them to finish. We left to eat, came back in 1.5 hours and the car still had window smudges and wax build up. We pointed this out and our 9 hour dilemma. They said it wasn't covered in the detail. My car still wasn't done after 8 hours. Wax, smudges, wet carpet, and missed dust. We spent $300 and had a total of 17 hours for 2 cars on a detail reservation a week in advance. Manager offered one full service car wash. I told him, "You think we want to come back after this today? Make it right, comp us a car, finish the detail and let's never come back." We left messages and emails to corporate and never heard a word. I would not recommend this place again. I use to get oil changes and car washes there in the past. The way they treated my wife and I, I would not want anyone to experience this. They could have made it right, but chose otherwise. 0 out of 5.
1	If I could give Frances and Sons zero stars I would. First off, Francis and Sons left bugs on my windshield, spots on my hood and mirrors, and specks of dirt on all four doors. This was after buying the 27.99 "Ultimate" car wash, and honestly my car wasn't that dirty to begin with. Secondly, Francis and Sons put a long scratch in my front quarter panel and my drivers side door and a smaller (but much deeper) scratch in my hood. When I reported this (before the car had even been moved) I was told that there was absolutely no way that they could have scratched my car as the employees wear no jewelry. When I pointed out that almost all of the employees were wearing belts with metal buckles, and that the scratches were belt height and looked like they were probably from someone leaning on my car while drying the windows, I was told that my scenario was impossible because the employees do not lean on the cars. When I pointed out employees leaning on the cars to dry the windows and doing the exact maneuvers that could cause their belts to scratch cars, the manager's only response was to say that belts are against company policy. When I asked the manager why he didn't make the employees take off their belts, he replied that I shouldn't insult his abilities as a manager. I will never go back!
3	Overall I give it a 3.  Crappy vacuum job.  They just took it back around for another try.  Outside looks good.  Took 30 min start to finish which isn't bad on a Saturday.
1	I've visited Francisca's and Sons this past weekend and All I could say is these guys are criminals.Their employees are thieves their managers are liars and they insist on committing insurance fraud. They have employees who are on probationI'm filing a complaint with the city to have their business license removed. If anyone wants to join me on a class action lawsuit against them please write back.
1	Extremely disappointed!  First someone stole my $100 visa gift card from my glove box, then I was offered a $10 carpet cleaning that was not done but I paid for. Was then told they don't do that for $10 but should have been charged $30. Still it was never done and they insisted the $10 was for my elite wash, which I paid an extra $7. The owner/manager stated he will look at the video to see if they can see the employee who stole my visa card. As far as the $10 carpet cleaning charge~he insisted that he will refund my card. I'm still waiting!!!! These folks have serious integrity issues and I'm concerned they are employing people illegally.  If you value your $$$$$ go somewhere else because you will be taken advantage of.
5	I'm very pleased with everyone here at this Francis & Sons location.  Eric from the automotive dept helps me with preventative care of both my vehicles.  The cars come out of the washes looking better than when we drove them off the lot.  Everyone here seems to care.  I highly recommend the team here at the Cooper and Ray Rd location of Francis & Sons.
1	Due to the fact someone from this car was stole my Red Rocks annual pass from my glove box, I would tell everyone NOT to go here.  !!! Unless of course, you like your glove box gone through.  It was in my envelope with my registration & insurance info. I am very concerned that they have employees that go through your glove box and personal information.
1	This car wash is a joke!  They lie to make money.  We have a Nissan Armada that has a factory roof rack and they always tell us "We can't run that through the automatic car wash because it jams up the wash."  They insist that it is hand washed (more money).  The supervisor that worked the drive on Sunday 4/27/2014 was very rude to me.  He blatantly lied to me and said that the last time that they ran it through it stopped the wash.  I have watched it several times without  an issue.  I can take my Armada to many other washes to include other Francis and Sons car wash locations and they never have an issue.  I understand that they are here to make money but they do not need to lie to make a little extra money.  I have multiple cars that I take through their car wash and unfortunately they have lost all of my business over this even at the other locations.  I hope that a manager reads this and changes their policy to use fact not fiction when making a decision to require a customer to spend more money...
1	Such a disappointment- this will be my last time here! Been here few times and every time they do a crappy job and I have to have them redo it! Do not recommend this place at all!!
5	When I made my last review Eric of their automotive service dept gave me estimates on oil change, transmission flushing, fuel system cleaning, front n rear differential servicing ... Almost 3 months later I'm taking him up on the estimate because nobody could match his price.  Brian is doing the actual work and is wiping the locking gas cap caused check engine light from sensors ... Nobody in the 2 years I've owned the Titan have known how to fix that.  Great service n friendly !
1	I gave them one But they deserve NO STARS!!! Complete rip off!! Told me that there were things wrong that weren't, so obviously charge me for them. LADIES BEWARE @#$%&!!! Since I have decided not to curse. I have no problems being outspoken or standing up for myself!  The manager told me he would give me a Free car wash next time, but only wrote on my receipt in pen. Right, well see how that works out in my favor, NOT!!! Find somewhere else to go. BOYCOTT this place. The Young lady at the counter was friendly. She gets the one star.
1	Slow, awful results, did not vacuum or pick up trash. Avoid these guys, real bad car wash.
2	THE ONLY REASON I'M GIVING 2 STARS is because The outside of my vehicle looked great. The took the time to dry all the water spots off which i appreciate because i have a dark colored car. However. .... the employees were yelling back and forth to each other the whole time about how mad they were that all these people want to show up right when they're about to close. It was 5:10 pm and they close at 6. Made me feel very uncomfortable and bad about patronizing their business at such a "late" hour. To make matters worse they did not do A THING to the inside of my car. Dashboard was still covered in dust and the little soda spots in my cup holder were just as i left it. ..... NOT IMPRESSED!
5	I've read a lot of poor reviews of this car wash, but my experience over the many years I've come has always been positive from glass repair to car washes.  They have washed my many vehicles and I've never had any issues of anyone stealing money from the money I leave in the ashtrays or anything.  Nothing ever gets damaged or anything.  I am always treated well, and often beyond what I expect is reasonable.Sometimes I have coupons, sometimes I don't.  The last time I went was 1.5 weeks ago with my Explorer, which was grossly dirty outside and moderately dusty inside.  I watched as the guy cleaned the windows inside and outside of my car and it's many windows.  He blew off all the water all over and even when it reappeared in some areas, he redid it, all without me asking.  He thoroughly dusted my whole insides, took out the many floor mats I had and cleaned them.I think I paid $10 for this car wash, but really, if compared to Cobblestone, this should be like a $50 car wash or more.I was only going to give him a $2 tip, but as I saw how thorough this guy was attending to my nearly 20 yr old SUV, I then pulled out another $1.  By the time I was finished, I don't remember if the tip was $5, $6 or $7.  I was super happy with the job he did not my car.  Usually the service isn't THIS good, but it's almost like this or at least very reasonable.I can always expect to get better than what I pay for the car wash and will come here in the future, even if it's out of my way.  I am sorry I went to Cobblestone today because I paid more for the wash, but got something way inferior.Thanks for the great job you do on all our Fords or other vehicles in the past.
2	I have been at this location over 30 times. They push detailing and they do a pretty good job. For a routine wash and clean be aware of what can happen.  On the front end your automobile is vacuumed then run through an automated washing system and hand dried. I had some dog hair in the back seat and asked to clean it. When my car was finished the dog hair was still there. I had them take it back and clean the back seat again. I was told that a cleaning like that may be more of a detailing and that's why there was dog hair remaining. I have to say this. Francis and Sons is a service to clean automobiles. I would have paid more to have that done the first time and avoid the hassle and delay.
4	My hats off to manager Tony today I was at this car wash and brought both my cars their one after the other. He made everything right and I left a happy customer and will definitely return because of manager Tony; The finishing guy Joey, and the ticket writer josh.
5	I still give this place a 5 star.  There weren't many people here when I went, early on morning on a weekday to get my dad's car washed.  They did a fantastic job.The cashier, a black woman, was awesome.  She saw that I was using a baggie for my debit cards and she just gave me a $10 card holder free of charge.  She said to put my cars in there.  I had a wallet in my purse, but the baggie is more compact and easier to pull out.Anyway, I'm very thankful.  I always get treated right when I go here and they always do a great job on my car.
