5	Awesome burgers. Juicy and tasty. Fries are wonderful too.
3	So, 5 guys just opened this location a few weeks back and I figured I would check it out.  I've eaten here twice now, sheerly out of the fact that its in the same shopping complex as my office.In the two times that I've been here, I've gone with the same thing-small cheeseburger with some toppings on it.  The burgers are better then I remember when I first tried 5 guys a few years ago, which is better then the first time I went back when I lived in Mesa.  I didn't have a good experience dining there and haven't been back since. Until now.I will say the burgers are better then I remember.  But, overall, I'm just not impressed with them as a whole. Here's why:For starters, I find them to be ridiculously overpriced.  I got a small pop and a cheeseburger and it was $7.42.  No, thats not horrible, but all my co-workers and I agreed that they are expensive.  If I had gone with a full meal (meaning gotten the fries) it would have cost me well over 10-12 dollars.  That's for a small cheeseburger!  No combo meals here, everything is a la carte.Secondly, the wait both times has been tremendous. The first time I waited almost 15 minutes for my order! Today the wait was about the same.  There were 10 orders ahead of us, and we were all in a rush to get our food.  I know it sounds crazy, but they seem to have a big grill with lots of people working behind the counter, and they seem to make the burgers as their ordered, but in batches.  I can't understand how they can get that behind. I mean, there's a guy standing there making like 10 burgers at time, and like 3 or 4 guys on the grill.  Why the wait then?Thirdly, everything comes in a brown bag. Even if your dining in.  I don't get it. Why can't I get a plate or something? Especially if I had gotten fries, it just seems like a weird way to eat and serve food.Lastly, the seating here is okay, but when we were there during a rush, there was a limited about of tables.  There were 4 of us and we were unable to dine in, so we got our food to go.  They have a mixture of high bar stool type tables that seat 3, and some 4 tops for seating as well.   If the place was busy, like it was today at lunch, there really wasn't a place to sit for all 4 of us.  Not a huge problem, but it did damper our experience there as we were all hoping to dine in and sit together.On the upside, they do have peanuts galore for you to snack on while your waiting, and one of those really cool pop machines that has a million different flavors to choose from.Overall, its just okay. I'm not unimpressed, but I'm not over the moon about this place either.
1	Way way way overpriced!!  $12 for a burger fries and a drink. F that. In and out is the way to go.
4	Burgerlicious
4	great burger, love the fries!
4	I tried a Five Guys when they first came to town a couple years ago, and wasn't all that impressed. I don't know if they changed, or if I did, or if this location is different, but I really enjoyed my meal this time.It's still way overpriced - $13+ for a fast food bacon cheeseburger, small fries, and small drink. But I chose to ignore the price and just focus on he food. And it was damn good.The burger was flavorful, with delicious bacon, lettuce, tomatoes, grilled onions, and A-1 sauce. The Cajun fries were tasty, but maybe could have used an extra 30 seconds in the fryer.I'll keep this option open from now on - I'd probably still go to Fudd's or Islands when I want to spend this much for a burger, but when it's more convenient to go here, I'm sure I'll find myself back once in a while.
5	Stopped in for lunch pick up near work and found the most wonderful people working here. If you are the owner or manager reading this, everyone there on 3/27 at noon deserves a big raise!
4	Great burger and awesome fries.  For comparison purposes it's about 1 step above in'n out but 2 steps up in price.  No shakes......which I think is a must with a good burger, me and my kid lived since potbelly has awesome shakes just two doors down.
5	I go here probably once a week, and just want to write that this has some of the best service out there.I tend to order random items, ask for things like extra patties that aren't on the menu, and they NEVER Mess up my order. Are always courteous, polite,  and a few even recognize me.Just want to give them an A+ on food and service
3	I like Five Guys a lot, but the attitude tonight was not what I needed.I ordered online, it said ready in 7 minutes which is unheard of if you've actually ever ordered in-store before. But I figured I would test it out and leave asap.Arrive there about 10 minutes later, go to the pick up section, like it says online, and told the guy there calling out number 21 I had a web order. Then, about 10 minutes later, the bleached-blonde girl with glasses asks me if I had a web order. I said yes, and she laughs and says, "Well you gotta let us know."HELLO, MR. STONER OVER THERE IN THE CORNER WAS TOLD, HE PROBABLY JUST FORGOT ON ACCOUNT OF HOW HIGH HE IS.I said nicely, "Hey I told that guy over there, so I don't know what else I'm supposed to say."I smiled and laughed too, just like she did, as she apologized and handed me my burger.Next time I expect better, Five Guys.
2	I have eaten at several 5 Guys over the last year or so and each is an efficient clone of the other except for here. 2 employees, that's itSeveral dirty tablesLots of people waitingNot a lot of eating going onA chain is only as strong as it's weakest link. I found the weak link.The only reason for two stars instead of one is that once my order was served (approx 16 minutes) it was good.
1	Somebody from 5 Guys left a contact number when responding to my review. I took some time out of my day and called them and answered all their questions. They asked for my contact info and said that somebody would get back to me. Nobody ever did. Employees are only as good as their bosses. If you don't care, why should they?
5	This Five Guys is very good! Clean restaurant (except for the peanuts), good service. I always order the cheese dog and it is always delicious! It would be nice if Five Guys was less expensive but the food is AWESOME!
5	The hamburgers and fries are always great. The reliability and taste are very nice. We usually get the small fries with Cajon on the side. It's just enough for two. We will continue to eat here and at other locations for many meals to come.
3	Loved the fries. The burger was good but we like the taste of fat burger better. also they were kind of pricey for burger and fries.Worth a try
5	Our first time to a Five Guys.These hamburgers were delicious! Of course, it would depend on what you have them add on the burger probably. Mine was a single, no cheese, with the usual good stuff like lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and grilled onions. I asked for the barbecue sauce and that was very tasty. The fries were also very good. Clerk was friendly and pleasant. Restaurant seemed clean.
5	Five guys is great. Their presentation is lacking but the food is good. If you are in the mood for a burger this is the place to go.Try to think about what you want on it though before you get to the front of the line. The manager at this particular five guys was really friendly and seemed to actually enjoy working there.As always there are free peanuts to munch on while you wait for your meal.To drink they have the regular soft drinks and yea. The fries are great as well, crispy and not too salty.If you need to get a meal on your own you can sit at a Hightop without feeling like a total loser.
5	Love love love this place...great food and great service, especially when Gavin and Anna are there.  More than worth the trip every time!!
1	Food is good, but orders are never right. I just don't have time to waste running back and forth to get my simple order correct.
