4	Ya mon'. Sorry, I couldn't resist. So the location might appear a lil' shady or eclectic, depending on your perception. It's nestled in a little strip mall near some empty suites, Club Kiss, Red Door and some kinda ahem, 'gentlemans' club. My kinda place? Eh, who cares, the food's good.So I've been a long time fan of Carribean food and Jamaican curry has always been one of my faves. Jerk Chicken is great when it's done right and I think Island Paradise does it right. Nicely spiced, both spiced and spicy, chopped up with a big cleaver (bones and all), and piled right on top of rice and beans, cabbage, plantains or even mac n cheese (huh). Yum.
5	There is no better place for Caribbean food in Charlotte.  Great food, prices and people.
4	Just the change of pace needed at lunch time. I had a spicy beef patty and stewed chicken with cabbage and rice and beans. Quick friendly service, piping hot well seasoned food.
3	Let me start out by saying the location on the map is a little bit off.  The address is listed as 200 Woodlawn Rd, but that should be 200 W Woodlawn Rd.  The pointer on the map shows 200 E Woodlawn Rd.  This tiny restaurant is tucked in a strip mall that sits behind the IHOP and beside the Ramada Inn.I went to lunch here today with high hopes, based on the reviews I read here and on other sites.  The results were mixed.  I had the jerk chicken with fried plantains and mac & cheese.  A friend had ox tail with the same side.  We both had lime tea to drink.  The tea, it turns out, was Nestea with a splash of lime juice.  I haven't been to Jamaica, so maybe that is authentic.My friend's food came first, and she immediately commented that the mac & cheese was straight out of the box.  She was right--Velveeta Shells & Cheese all the way.  At this point I was getting worried.  My plate came out a few minutes later, and with the first bite of jerk chicken, the kitchen bounced back.  It was fall-off-the-bone tender and juicy.  And the flavor packed a punch.  The plantains were good--it's hard to go wrong there.  And my friend gave the ox tail a big thumbs up.Overall, Island Paradise was a good choice.  The sides stumbled, but the main dishes made up for it.  I won't go back tomorrow, but I will go back.
1	Customer service is slow and the owner is very rude - walked out due to bad service.
3	I'm originally from NY...   I would say the rice was just 'ok' but the oxtails and curry chicken made up for it.  The service was somewhat slow and you must step up to the plate to get things moving.  I tried other Jamaican restaurants on the other side of Charlotte by University, one of which was pretty good called Carib hut..  However the portions you get here is actually reasonable compared to others.  Overall a good place.
3	Just food alone--  5 starPlace is old and dumpy and the service is average.  Location sucksSo I gave it a 3 star.  FOOD IS VERY GOOD.
5	The Best Jamaican food Hands down in the Charlotte market!
4	The chef here has is better than average. I ordered the steamed Red Snapper.  Excellently prepared!  Rice and peas is a bit bland. Also had a side of Jerk Chicken as an appetizer: best I had in Charlotte. My side of plantains was made fresh-to-order. Delicious! I will have to come back to try some other dishes.
4	A must try. A little high for a lunch special ($11 for curry goat). But they offer plenty of food and it taste amazing.
4	Good authentic flavors! But watch out for bones. I had the Goat curry and really enjoyed it! I also tried the jerk chicken -  good flavors!
5	love the food here, you don't come here for the decor. Call ahead and order what you need and be on your way is the best experience
4	I was looking for a place that was really good because I miss the place I always went to in Philly. We order take out. I had the curry goat and oxtails with mac n cheese, rice and beans it was really good. im trying to go back today.
1	This was my first time eating here...unfortunately, it was also my last.  The service was a little slow and the order was not correct; however, that was not the issue. I will admit that the food was good, BUT I immediately lost my appetite when I saw a roach crawling across the floor! To make matters worse, they tried to charge me and my coworker for a large plate when we both ordered the lunch portion. Disgusted is an understatement!
3	They burn the jerk chicken.....they get 1more chance, how you burn jerk chicken and you jamician
