5	I've had good luck with the service here. I've brought my Prius here (oh, the irony) several times (new tires, new brakes, etc.) cause it is convenient from where i work. They've always done a great job with it. Prices have been reasonable and they wash it too!
1	My husband and I went to this dealership in hopes of test driving a SRX.  No such luck. Normally all you have to do is walk on a dealership grounds and you are approached by a salesman.  Not the case here.  We went inside and there were two men in an office talking away like school girls.  They never asked us if we needed help.  In fact they did not acknowledge us at all.  After about 10 mins of being ignored, someone from outside came in and asked if we needed help.  We told him we did and he told us he would send someone right over.  Nobody ever came.  Keep in mind the two men (ladies) were still chatting away in the front office.  We walked left.  I expected a much more professional attitude from a Cadillac dealer.  It was their loss, we went to another dealership down the road and bought a car with salesmen who know how to treat their customers.  I will never recommend this dealership to anyone!
5	Bergstrom runs a customer oriented organization.  We've been doing business with them for years, and they have serviced our two cars very well.  They helped keep our older ones running longer than would be expected.  Have talked with their sales people on numerous occasions and bought cars from them.  They are both cordial and helpful.  They bend over backwards to be accommodating.  There is one really bad review listed, caused by a couple of careless employees, but it should not be taken as a typical example.  I hope the manager has dealt with this negative happening, as this single review has badly and unfairly skewed Bergstrom's Yelp ratings.  We rely on Yelp a great deal, especially when travelling.
5	Awesome service center! Could not ask for better service! If I need to get in quick they are willing to work with you and will always try their best to make the costumers happy! Thank you for the great service
