3	So it's obviously not the luxurious, nicely air-conditioned neighborhood multiplex... but I frequent the Picture Show for second-run flicks that I just couldn't justify shelling out $10 (and up) for in their widespread release.  There are eight or so screens, so that makes for a decent selection of movies...  though it is important to be aware that if your desired movie is new to Picture Show, it might sell out, so know that.  Also, they tend to keep the same films playing for a really long time. The theatres can get a bit hot and musty... sometimes the floors are more coated in popcorn than others... but the employees are typically very friendly, which is nice. Depending on the time of day that you go, you are treating to a symphony of screaming children or chatty teenagers during your movie.  You get what you pay for, you know?Note: Picture Show was formerly cash-only.  They have since become a bit more technologically-savvy and can now accept plastic, so no worries if you forgot to swing by the ATM!
4	$2 to see Toy Story 3, +$2 more to see it in 3-D, x 2 people + $4 large popcorn=$12 total for both of us to see a 3-D movie with popcorn!  Am I happy?  Yes.
4	TWO DOLLARS.That's how much it costs to see a movie at The Picture Show at Superstition Springs.  Their popcorn is on par with other theaters, and their soda prices are only slightly higher than the average.  This means you can have a family walk out of a theater only having spent $10.  This is a ridiculously low price, as I'm sure you'd agree.  The only drawback is that it's one of the "old movie" theaters.  They only screen movies that are gone from the expensive theaters, but not out on BluRay yet.  They air 2D and 3D movies, and their seats are comfortable enough.  The place isn't snazzy.  It doesn't need to be.  They have decent-sized screens and adequate sound systems.I have been there when the entire crowd was silent, and I have been there for the ghetto-fest where I had to yell at someone to shut up.  I don't blame the theater for stupid people.  They are everywhere and they walk into all kinds of places.The Picture Show at Superstition Springs has become a staple for my girlfriend and I for low-priced, great entertainment.  We get out of the house all the time and we're not breaking our bank-accounts to do it.  We love it!
5	Not bad. Remodeled since. I was here last. We went as kids 20 years ago. I have been. Gone for. 10 years. Good deal since I am cheap.
4	Picture Show plays the movies that are no longer in the big theaters. For TWO DOLLARS each! Being freshly graduated and the wife of a full-time university student, this place is great for cheap dates. If there is a movie out there that you don't feel is worth paying $10+ to see, just wait a month or two for it to show up here. ... Or if you're cheap like me, just wait the couple of months, no matter how badly you want to see it. This theater isn't exactly the lap of luxury, but you get what you pay for. I personally am more focused on seeing the movie than my surroundings, so I hardly notice! Everything is adequate. My husband and I have always gone in the evening, so there were never any chatty folks to put up with.As for the popcorn and such, My husband and I have always snuck our own food into the theater, so I can't tell you how their snacks are or what they cost. We're so bad, I know.The only downer is that the wait for the next batch of movies is usually pretty long, so the same stuff plays over and over again for about a month or so. But the moment a good movie is featured, we are so there.If you don't feel like spending ALL of your hard-earned cash for a good date night, this is the place to be!
4	You can't beat the price!  Even their concessions are inexpensive compared to other theaters.  Taking the family to the regular theater would break our wallet, not to mention buying snacks.  The Picture Show makes it possible!
4	The price is right!  Especially when I'm not paying!  This place has definitely done a 180. The picture quality was good, sound decent and the theater was cool. I would gladly pay an extra dollar for a more comfortable seat.  BTW, The Hangover Part II is better the 2nd time.
1	Horrible customer service and business practices.  Was told I would have to eat my lunch leftovers or take them to my car...(it is over 100 degrees here) even though I was still buying popcorn cokes and candy from there concession.  I guess I should have been sneaky like 90% of there customers and stuck everything in a jc penny shopping bag.  just never thought they would treat me that way over wrapped up lunch leftovers!  Also they almost did not let me in then to get my children who I had sent in prior while I was purchasing the snacks.  Very horrible customer service.  Will never attend again and hope to stop others also!!!!!
5	$1 movies every tuesday. $2 movies every other day.Need I say more??For the price of a Redbox, you get a theater experience, with the option of theater popcorn. The snacks and drinks aren't as cheap as the movie tickets, but they are less expensive than Harkins or AMC. For a discounted theater, I'd say its in great shape, and I come here quite often. Whether I'm bored and don't want to sit at home, or looking for a cheap thrill. I take my toddlers when there's a kids movie (which there's always several kid-friendly options), so I don't have to break the wallet for kids who are done at half a movie. I would avoid most weekend nights since the theater is in a mall, and can be overrun with noisy, annoying teenaged size mall rats. But great any other day of the week. I'm going tonight!
4	Price, can't beat it!Comfortable chairs, prices on snacks are a little cheaper than other theaters but not much which is fine. Between my son and I, 1 movie on a Saturday night + 1 tub of popcorn=$9.50. Works for me!Bathrooms are a little small and outdated, chairs are dirtyish, but for the price, I can overlook those flaws :)
2	I'm spoiled by Harkins. With the cup deal, and the shirt deal for free popcorn, you only spend a dollar or two more per person than if you went to Picture Show. Plus I'm spoiled by good sound for my movies. If I miss a movie before it hits the discount theaters, It's almost worth it to wait for DVD, then watch it on my TV at home.
4	Living in Arizona one great way to beat the summer heat is by chilling inside a theater and watching the summer blockbusters. Thanks to a busy summer I have seriously slacked in my cinema life. Well, instead of waiting for flicks to hit the local Redbox my friend suggested I catch up at the dollar theater. "What?" I said, "dollar theaters dont exist anymore." Set out to prove me wrong we headed over to Picture Show @ Superstition Springs Mall. Thinking this theater was closed I was peasantly surprised. The theater was very clean and relatively uncrowded for a Friday evening. Movies are just $2 ($1 on Tuesdays). Snacks though still with that movie theater gouging are a bit cheaper than the typical Harkins or AMC. One downside is that the seats are stationary, as in they do not rock back and forth. I didnt think I would even notice a thing like this but apparently I have become recline conditioned. Overall I think Picture Show is a nice little theater. Especially if, like me, you miss out on a movie's release or just feel like seeing something for a second time in a air-conditioned environment.A cheesy "Two thumbs up"
3	Its old, but ok for the price
5	This place is a hidden gem! (Seriously - it's hidden.)For a discount theater, this place is great!  Yeah, if you compare it to Harkins you will be disappointed, but for what it is, it's nice!Every time I've been it's super clean and cozy.  The seats are comfortable, but it can get kind of cold in there.  Concession price is a little less than the regular theater but not much.   Pay $2 for your movie and $10 on popcorn and a drink. It's a great place to go see that movie you kind of wanted to see but didn't want to pay $8 for.
5	I thought I reviewed this place but I guess not.. LolBut i enjoyed our date night here! Not as fancy as other theaters but it was fairly clean and there was a lot of people there which made it seem presentable. Tickets are $2 and $1 on Tuesdays, would definitely be back here with my kids for a family film we never got to see or just for fun! Kinda hard to find but it's in between tj maxx and the Cheesecake Factory! :)
4	Cool place to see movies you didn't get to watch at the regular theatre. Super cheap prices and the place is relatively clean for what you are getting. The only reason I gave it 4 and not 5 is just because it can sometimes be hot in the movie theatre.
4	My wife and I go see a movie here a couple times a year.  Customer service is always good.  The prices are great...$2 per ticket and reasonable prices for popcorn and soda.  The theaters are not huge but what can you expect for 2 bucks.  The only complaint is sometimes the bathrooms are pretty nasty...but overall a great value and cheap date!
5	The picture show here is an inexpensive and fun way to spend a night, at only $2 a person, $1 on Tuesdays.  The theaters themselves are very clean, tidy and comfortable, more so than you'd think you'll get for just a couple bucks!
4	I put off seeing a movie because sequels aren't usually any good but my buddy insisted I watch it on the big screen so I looked on my trusty phone app & this was the only place with in a couple miles playing the flick. I showed up at the front entrance to be greater by a sign saying please buy your tickets inside at the concession stand. I had no idea this place was a dollar theater, well a $2 dollar theatre actually. I'm use to asking for a military or some kind of a discount but since the viewing was so cheap I didn't have it in me to ask for more off. Didn't purchase anything else from the concession stand that night but since I was a couple minutes late I hurried to find a seat in the completely empty theatre. Kicked back, put the legs up on the arm rests in front of me and got my relax on. It turned out to be a pretty decent movie. Great experience here and the place was clean so I think I will be looking into watching movies here, when they aren't worth an arm & a leg at the other theaters.....
2	This establishment is basically one of those "you get what you pay for" experiences.When I walked in there were a lot of employees having their lunch openly in front of the customers and all were goofing off. This was my first impression. The young lady that handled my order on the other hand was professional and not participating in the foolish behavior of her peers.There was popcorn across the floor here and there. They place didn't seem like it was cared for.The display of the movie was fine. Just like any other experience I have had where I paid a lot more for the showing.I am giving this establishment two (2) stars because it didn't fit in with the posh environment of the Superstition Springs Mall, due to the lack of seriousness from the staff that were publicly having their lunch and the lack of upkeep that should have been in place. You get the impression that the place is run by teenagers without any management. I didn't see anyone there that resembled mangement.
3	This is actually our new favorite place to catch a movie, only because we love the prices! The low rating is from the only problem I had with it....flies...when we were there, there were flies all over the concession stand....but other wise, the prices are amazing and the bathrooms were clean and the theaters were clean!
