4	mmmmm, the ALMOND MILK. they need to sell this stuff by the gallon, because it's lovely- thick,creamy, a touch sweet, and about a 100 times better than my home made efforts. i'm having withdrawals.also having withdrawal for their green juice- who knew vegetables could taste so good juiced up?i arrived on the day they were prepping everything after a weekend rush, so didnt get to sample their meusli - boooo - but with extremely friendly staff, tasty food and a great breakfast deal, i will be back!
4	No, but you don't understand, it isn't LIKE that, guys. It isn't snooty. It isn't scene. In fact, if you didn't know that everything here was good and virtuous, that whatever your dietary requirements you are probably guaranteed to find it catered for, you wouldn't realise that that was the whole point. Sure, there's gluten free stuff, vegan stuff, dairy free stuff, juice cleanses, organic boosters, aaaaaaall that jazz.But it doesn't feel preachy or superior - it's just... really nice. Wooden tables, big front window in a leafy street in Marchmont just beside the Meadows, lots of light and space, and a mighty fine looking lemon tart I want to go back and try. Yep, it's a winner. Maybe they could do with a couple more comfy places to sit, perhaps, as one of my lasting memories is of "quite hard".However, my carrot, orange and celery juice was a super-refreshing start to a day that would later contain, from another establishment, two coffees in a row and the world's largest slice of red velvet cake, and yet I felt healthy all day because of the juice. Maybe that's the only danger here: the ability to fool yourself your diet is JUST FINE because you feel so good from just the smallest Meadowlarking of a morning.
5	While visiting Scotland I was really happy to find Meadowlark Cafe! It's right near the beautiful meadows park and is a nice and quiet place to come and do some work for a bit (especially with free wifi) while sipping on a juice.I especially loved their juices (I got the greenest one on the menu), and smoothies. I also had their soup a few days in a row and it was equally delicious (tomato, a lentil soup, and a tomato and leak soup). Their chai tea is also worth a try.Super friendly staff, great space, and a bunch of options for vegan/vegetarians. A bit pricy, but the food is good!
4	I popped in today after climbing and a gym session to refuel. I try to avoid overly processed foods and dairy when possible and, whilst it turns out I am not gluten intolerant, enjoy experimenting with gluten free flour alternatives. Meadowlark Cafe is part of Meadowlark yoga and serves food and drinks (primarily juices) to cater for people with allergies and the health conscious. That said, aside from juice and soup there are a few sweeter options, many interesting looking cakes and quiches (one vegan option).Unfortunately the vegan cheesecake which I read about in other reviews wasn't there, so I decided to opt for a pint of the "Green Godess" smoothie. It consisted of kale, kiwi, banana and probably something else. For a green smoothie it was quite sweet and tasty though the kiwi made it a little bit too tangy for my liking. Regardless, it was a good energy boost and powered me through a bit of uni work.The staff were very nice and the atmosphere in the cafe was quite relaxed. There was also free wifi.Cheesecake.... I will come back and find you!
