5	Awesome class with new and unique positions! The atmosphere is chic and friendly!
5	This place is awesome. Super nice studio, amazing instructors, killer workout. If you're looking for an easy going exercise, this is not for you! I could barely move the day after my first class. I've already been to three classes this week and will continue coming here as long as I live in Arizona!!
5	I've tried many other barre classes around town and nothing compares to the classes I have taken at TenPoint5! The change my body has made in just ONE month of working out under these instructors is amazing to me! It just doesn't get any better than a welcoming, cool studio with knowledgable instructors that give effective workouts! A definite Must Try!
5	If you are looking for a barre studio in Tempe this is your place!The Short:-Very Clean studio and equipment-Incredible and attentive staff-Consistently challenging workout that will leave you shaking and waiting more!The extended version:I've been going to TenPoint5 for about 2 months now. I wasn't exactly looking for a barre studio but wanted a different workout that would change my body. My exercise background is running, soccer, and weights. Me and my roommate saw the sign for TenPoint5 and figured we would check it out. My hope was that such a extreme change in my workout routine by switching to barre/pilates would seriously help my figure.Did I pick the right place! There is a discount for students and teachers and the prices are honestly very reasonable compared to other barre studios in the Valley. In addition, this location is incredibly close to ASU which is a plus for me and classes are offered about 5 times a day (twice in the morning and 3 times in the evening). SO, why TenPoint5....because it is honestly worth every penny. The instructors will personally make sure you are doing every move in the right form. Still don't get it, they will stay after class and make sure you do. Each class begins with the same warm-up that uses weights and continues with a focus on thighs, butt, and abs. Also after every focus there is a stretch to make sure you are lengthening the body. I can honestly say in the 2 months I am more flexible, my butt looks incredible in yoga pants, and am much stronger in my upper body.Honestly I know I'm missing a lot but the point is it is a great workout that always leaves me sweating and my muscles shaking. The class is a mix of barre, pilates, and strength training. Music is AWESOME and class is never boring. Hope this gives some insight into a great local business. SEE YOU IN CLASS!
5	I love this barre studio! The reasons why I love it are: it's clean, signing up for classes online, knowledgable instructors, the music, the awesome workout and the overall atmosphere. I hope class prices decrease but I also realize they are a brand new studio trying to get on their feet. I would definitely recommend to anyone as I go there at least once a week!
5	It's been over three months since I started with TenPoint5. I've consistently gone at least 2x a week since and have no intention of stopping. What's more, I've gone from shapeless and skinny-fat to sculpted and strong - and in no way is that depressing. Christa and Sarah are AMAZING and will create a virtually brand-new experience each time you go - even if you've already been multiple times that week! You will always have different thigh, tush, and ab workouts, but even the warm up and stretching intervals, which are generally the same each time, have changed since I started. No matter what, NONE of the exercises are easy - all require precision, strength, and 100% attention to your body movements. For these reasons I like to lovingly tell people that TenPoint5 "my new coffee" - in other words, I'm COMPLETELY addicted to it! :-)
5	I can't say enough about tenpoint5. I discovered the studio through Living Social and am so happy I did. With different routines each day, I never get bored and my body is constantly challenged. The workouts push me out of my comfort zone, but the quick and visible results make the hard work worth it. I've even noticed improvement in my other sports (running, cycling & yoga) because of the new muscles I'm tapping into. The class times are incredibly convenient, making it possible to go early morning, during my lunch break or right after work. All of the instructors are very welcoming and they work hard to make sure that everyone is encouraged, in proper alignment and getting the full benefits of the movements.  Highly recommend!
5	Such a great work out! Sarah the owner will kick your ass! Clean, cute place, nice people! Definitely check it out :)
5	I took a class at Ten Point 5 for the first time last night and it was fantastic! From the minute the class starts you are working every muscle but having fun while doing it. The music is loud and upbeat, the instructors are helpful, overall an awesome atmosphere to get into great shape. If you haven't tried a Barre class at Ten Point 5 yet I would highly recommend it!
5	If you're looking for a challenging workout try Ten Point 5. Before coming here I had never done a barre class and it was way harder than I expected it to be, but in a good way. My muscles will literally shake during parts of the workout.  It's a combination of stretching and strengthening using your own body weight as resistance as well as the barre, a ball and a strap for certain exercises. Even though you're not running or jumping or anything like that you will definitely feel like you worked out at the end.The studio itself is very nice. It's clean, well kept and bright and airy. And you have to wear grippy socks, which is not my preference but it does keep the funk factor of the mats down I guess.This is good alternative if you don't like regular gyms or are looking for a different kind of challenge.
5	I have been attending this studio for a little over eight months.  I love this studio- the owners and all the instructors are so friendly, professional and helpful.  The classes are not easy, but I always feel great after each class.  The Barre Workout is great for toning and conditioning- I have seen a positive difference in my physique.  After my first class last May, I received a handwritten thank you note from Sarah and Christa--I was so impressed with their thoughtfulness.  I love going to a class where the instructors know my name.  This Barre Workout is great for folks of all fitness levels and ages.  I want my 63 year old mother to start attending the Barre studio in Charlotte, NC.  I love that TenPoint5 is opening a new studio in Chandler-  I have two friends that are looking forward to joining that studio.  Please check out a class, it is worth the price :-)
5	I decided to get back into barre and decided on TenPoint5 Barre Studio after careful Yelp research. I LOVE this studio so much! I'll break it down.Instructors- I'm a triple threat...emphasis on threat...in that I am clumsy, ungraceful, and uncoordinated so the biggest challenge I face is finding instructors that aren't bitchy about it. These ladies are GREAT! So supportive and make it a point to learn your name early on and tell you when you're doing a good job or help you with your form. I've had some barre classes where the instructors are a bit snobby and won't help you but that's never the case here. They are all so nice and must truly enjoy helping women get in shape. Design- It's beautiful! The space is long and narrow but I like it because you can always see the instructor. Also there's a window on the back wall giving it some awesome natural light. Classes- HARD! But obviously in a good way. OMG I HATE the exercises with the ball! As in love hate because I'm sure they're working great. LOL Everytime the instructor says "Now grab you're ball" I'm like "AHHH! Not that ball please!" But I'm sure in time the torture session will pay off :-) Watch; next time I go to class the instructor's will be like "Read your Yelp review, ball exercises it is!" NOOOOO!!!! Haha. Also, it's worth mentioning that class sizes are small which is nice because you don't have to cram in to find space. I think the fullest class I've attended so far had 6 people. Awesome! Considering I've gone to the Daily Method and been in classes as big as 20. YUCK! You just can't get the individualized attention, in that size, you know? Needless to say, I'm very happy with this place!
5	I absolutely love this barre studio! The instructors are so personable and really make an effort to make you feel comfortable. The classes are hard but I always have a great sense of accomplishment after each class. I've been going for several months and have been able to see positive changes in my body. The studio is beautiful and always clean. They also have a studio in Chandler if you live in that part of town. Definitely worth checking out.
