5	I have a very active 20 month old who doesn't get tired before 9:30 every night, so my husband and I are always finding ways to expend that energy. We recently enrolled him in Soccer Tots at the City North location and we love it! Some may think that teaching a child that young a sport is crazy, but I was surprised myself at how quickly he and the other kids were picking up some of the basics. The instructor incorporates other items such as balloons and noodles to learn control. There is also a fun obstacle course at the end of class where the kids can run through hoops and jump and kick a soccer ball through the net. The class consists of parent involvment, too, so it is a great way to spend time with your child. I'm so glad we found an activity like this! He even goes to bed early on Tuesdays now!
1	I have been wanting to write this review for awhile. We had enrolled our kiddo in a few of their classes throughout the last few years. About a year and a half ago we found a multi sport class in the Arcadia area that we liked. The coach was very nice and we enjoyed it. So, we enrolled our son in the next class. Unfortunately, a whole group of kids that all knew each other enrolled in that class and I take it they were regular customers. My son was given no attention by the students or the coach and we pulled him after the second class. I do not think that it was fair to have the whole class know each other and be 'good customers' while my son was all by himself. The coach seemed to give preferential treatment to the other kids and it was frustrating. I complained and asked to enroll him in the class at another time. We were all set to start the next class and without warning a couple of days before I received a voice mail telling us that the class had been canceled and thank you very much. Well, our money went to waste, we were never offered another makeup session or anything because it is their policy to not offer refunds. It seems like the business has gone downhill in my opinion and I would not recommend it.
5	We've been a customer at B.E.S.T. since my oldest (now 5) was 18 months old.  With so many locations, and a wide range of sports offered, there is something for everyone!  It's also very easy to find a class that works for your family's schedule, whether it be a morning/afternoon/evening or weekday/weekend, and that also makes it extremely easy to make up any classes your child might miss.  But the BEST part about Beginner's Edge Sports Training is definitely the people at the company.  The owner is very hands on and extremely accessible, handling any question/concern you might have quickly and professionally, as is Coach Maria, who is who we usually speak with when we call.  The coaches are top notch and great with kids.  My two year old always talks about "Coach," and though he is reserved with new people at first, he was comfortable with Coach Dennis, Coach Marcus and Coach Mitch in no time.  So far he's tried soccer, baseball and multi-sport classes, and we've loved them all.  We're looking forward to having his birthday party at B.E.S.T. in February.In a society where things are often impersonal and customer service falls by the wayside, it is refreshing to find a company that still values its relationships with clients.   I highly recommend B.E.S.T., and if you think your kids might want to do a class, definitely take advantage of the free trial class they offer - it's a great way to get a feel for how the classes work.
