4	If you have been to one Applebee's you've pretty much have been to them all.  Just your basic average chain.  I wanted a quick bite close to the Thomas and Mack so I didn't have to drive too far for my show.  I was not stepping in here to be impressed, but I actually was.  We were seated right away.  Wait staff wasn't overly friendly, which I like.  My hubby and I ordered the two for twenty deal, which is a great bargain.  We started off with the mozzarella sticks.  Most Applebee's will give you six, eight if your lucky.  We got ten and just about got filled up on them.  I got the A-1 steak burger and it was really good and they cooked it just how I ordered it.  Hubby got the double crunch shrimp and the portion was so big my mini hungry-hungry hippo could hardly finish it.  I also really liked the fries here.  They left off the nasty spice most Bee's put on there and let us choose dipping sauces for them.  If I'm in the area I will eat at this Applebee's again, this might be the only one I'll go to from now on.
3	Applebee's What to say? It's OK-The 2 for $20 deal is Great!!!An appetizer & 2 entrees for $20!!We got 2 of them and a dinner salad.Appetizers:Boneless Buffalo Wings-HOTSpinach Artichoke DipEntrees Ribs w/Fries x2Quesadilla BurgerA-1 BurgerNO Dessert!ICED TEA all around.The service was sketchy-started off with watered down tea.The food was ok-at least the appetizers were-good bar food.The burgers were greasy,bland and had gristle in them.The ribs were bony,NOT smoked but the sauces were good!!Not bad for CHEAP eats but theres much better places as Suzie Q pointed out!
5	This place is right around the block from my apartment, so don't judge me. Alot of good specials on food and drinks, so there's no complaint there. But here's the kicker: I came here to get a drink with my gf and watch a little of the nba all star game... A lady walked in and sat down next to us at the bar. She seemed to be irritated before she even sat down, so i knew fireworks might happen between her and the servers. she orders her drink, takes one look up at the screen and says "are you guys serious? figure skating is on (at the winter olympics) and you have this crap on (nba all star game)?" at this point im in full listen mode. the bartender explains to her that this is a popular game and he cant change it. she drinks her entire drink in one gulp, slams down some money, and yells out "im never coming here again!".right when she walks out the bartender looks me dead in the eye and says "I hope she keeps her promise. now i can finally watch the damn game in peace!". Amen brother
2	-Server gave me a dirty napkin-Server rushed us to order-Server gave me a dirty dish-Server rolled his eyes in front of me and my girl friend when we asked for separate lunch checks (well before he printed the bill).The food was decent. I've had better at other locations.Service was NOT up to par.
1	server loudly ridiculed us when we told her we weren't drinking alcohol at 4 in the afternoon. also left after only taking half our orders.Had to send my burger back, at that point i figured I just wouldn't eat or that the kitchen staff had messed with it.I gave her money for the bill and she shorted us on change. The only reason I didn't call the manager over to get it back was because I just wanted the hell out of there.Servers name was Ashley B., and she ruined my life.
3	Its hard to find the right words to talk about Applebee's because the reality of it is that ITS APPLEBEES!!!You don't come here looking for culinary masterpieces.Hell, half the time we dont even come here for the food!But.. when  you pack in some friends.. a couple cocktailsand the spinach dip.. it cant be beat. The service here is usually adequate...The food is usually adequate...The atmosphere is adequate...For a quick bite to eat... its ok !
2	I've had mixed experiences here, from over-inquisitive hostesses looking for details from my personal life in our 20 second walk from her post to our table,  to rude broken English servers who sound like they're swearing at me when they talk.  I've had some good experiences, but chain places should accommodate everyone and servers should not zealously push you to drink alcohol to get their tip higher.  Rude!
4	I used to eat here (the chain) a lot (esp. in my 20s), but our most recent visit was a takeout order of their famous 2 for $20 deal (a couple weeks ago). We had a (christmas) gift card burning a hole in our pockets, so we chose boneless chicken wings came with blue cheese and ranch (good amount of zest, but kinda messy)- our appetizer to share, riblets (tender, fall off the bone)- for my husband, and fiesta lime chicken (good flavor), with rice pilaf, and shredded tortilla chips (nice touch)- for me. It was a $25 gift card, so there was a couple dollars left. It's a good value, overall- the 2 for $20 deal. Everything was really good. No complaints. My husband finished his entree. I think that the restaurant chain is along the same lines as Chili's (go here the least out of the three) and TGIF, so it's dependable.This particular location is not inside the Boulevard Mall, but in the corner of the parking lot sharing Sears Auto Center, facing Maryland Parkway. Some years ago, the chain underwent a makeover with rusty red paint (it's very bright and hard to miss). The inside is part kitsch and part memorabilia (much like TGIF). Very popular spot for lunch, esp. the weekends.
3	Its Appelbee's, so its nothing to be overly excited about, but the food was okay and the service was fine.  I ordered a cowboy burger and my friend ordered chicken fingers.  I think they key to having a good experience here is to keep it simple and order things that aren't likely to get messed up.  Overall, its fine as a chain and much better than the fast food in the proximity, but its not fine dining, so don't expect that.
4	I know it's an applebee's. but let me tell you Gavin the bartender ROCKS! His Margarita's are amazing and his service is even better! every time I eat there I love it. I usually get the three cheese chicken Penne but, I've gotten a few other things at other times. Like the fiesta Lime chicken mmm yummy. But, the  service at this particular applebee's is what puts it over the top! Keep on doing what ya do!
3	Applebee's.. not really my choice to eat, but ended up here cause my aunt loves this place.I must admit their values menu is pretty cool the 2 for 20$ Menu and it comes with an appetizer.I ended up ordering the chicken fingers basket with ranch and honey mustard and my aunt ordered the same thing and we had the spinach and artichoke dip..Applebee's is way low key nice place just to relax, grab american food. Their food is decent, and an ok place to meet up with friends..I would go back to applebee's suprisingly their menu and service has improved over the years..
3	Food had a great flavor.  Ate there three times over a two week period.  Ordered the same dish (steak & shrimp) each time.  The first time, it was awesome.  Steak was tender and the southwest flavoring was spot on.  The second time I ate there I had a different experience.  The steak & shrimp was ok, but didn't meet the quality of the 1st visit.  Tonight we at there again and this was the worst of my visits.  The meal was ok, but not as great as the 1st time.  The presentation was also bad.  Everything was clumped into the middle of the plate, with the steak on the top.  Another detractor was the customer service.  Our waitress was slow.  She combined our bills, even though we were separate, then tried to give us the 2 for $20 even though it meant one of us paying more.I applaud her attempt to saving us money, but she should have asked us first.
4	Gets 4 stars because the meal was good and the server was okay he could have been better,The woman who seated me was a beotch who gave me a dirty attitude for wanting a regular table and not one of those ones in the bar wit the tall chairs.Did not bring out p plate for my rib bones like the other Applebees have done had to wait for a refill of my drink which lowered my tip.
5	My waitress DJ was fantasmagoric, going above and beyond. She checked with me and my guest about a half dozen times without being invasive; she's just a natural. She's also genuine, a nice touch, which goes along way in the restaurant business. She made my desert not just a dish but a mini celebration on New Years Eve. Love Ya DJ; hope to see you again. And kudos to the Bee for hiring her.SincerelyFrank
1	This place has lazy managers who don't train staff properly. Managers don't check to see how customers are doing. We were over-charged for happy hour appetizers. Soup special was out at 5pm. Our waiter was not trained.
4	I had lunch today at Applebees and enjoyed it quite a bit. I had the Grilled Turkey Club with Onion Rings. It was well presented, tasty and filling. The waitress was very attentive and quick with the refills on the tea and lemonade. It was quiet enough to talk business in a relaxed atmosphere. Pricing was very reasonable. Also enjoyed catching the Sports updates with TV all around!
4	This is my Go-To Applebee's. I personally am not a huge fan of chain restaurants, especially in Las Vegas where we have so much variety. Although, they do have a health conscious menu with a detailed list of the calories so the menu works for me. I normally get the Napa chicken or a Salad. We sit at the bar normally and the same two male bartenders always seem to be working. Both are very prompt and give great lunch service.
4	had a crappy day wanted a couple of drinks  went to Applebees with a couple of friends. The food is the food. It is a chain restaurant, but the waiter was wonderful. I was drinking my jack and diets and he made sure I didn't run out. We were kidding around about them having a 3 for $30 (there were three of us) and so he sat down and said now we could do 2 .. 2 for $20, got some of the other staff involved. It was fun and definitely lifted my mood. I totally recommend this place if you are just looking for a local place to hang that is consistent with good wait staff.
3	I love Applebee's but this location always seem to disappoint me. Whenever I decide to try something new on the menu, they never have what I want available. I always end up settling for something that I can possibly make at home :/ but overall, it's not a bad hang out spot especially if you're local.
3	It's what to expect
2	I love Applebee's Food but this place disappoints me.. Lack of staff, slow service.. /sigh
5	Local hangout great Margarita and salads, nice bartenders. Go to the bar and meet a neighbor...
2	I have been to this location a few times and have noticed some trends. The servers here are kind, but not very good active listeners and not good at following up with guests. I have yet to have received an order that was correct. I have had orders completely forgotten and drinks refilled with the wrong drinks (not water and Sprite, but water and Mountain Dew?). I have had to flag each server I've ever had here down in order to pay my check. Yesterday's visit, my food was lukewarm at best. The mozzarella sticks we had were not melty at all. It seemed as though they had been sitting for some time. When we said we were full as a cue that we were done, but our server smiled blankly and said "that's great," and didn't come back for 15 minutes to ask if we were ready for the check. I have been a repeat customer here due to it's location. Mind you, I don't expect the service that I would get at a steakhouse; I work in the service industry and I understand what our hard-working servers, hostesses, etc. have to endure. However, this is just unacceptable. Listening and following up with guests are basic skills.
5	This Applebees has seriously surpassed my expectations! Not only is the customer service here excellent, but the food itself is prepared perfectly! No hard nasty green beans, no overcooked and dry chicken breast, and Martha in the carside to go is seriously an asset to this location, and company!I come here for lunch and order carside to go; I get one large chicken breast, a side of green beans, and a side of crispy red potatoes. With tax it's just at 8$, AMAZING! The breast is cooked thoroughly and does not have a knife mark (cook knows how to prepare and how much time if he doesn't even have to check!) the green beans are cooked perfectly and seasoned like its nobody's business and the potatoes are just the right amount of crispy! PERFECT!!Now, I've only tried the chicken dishes, but they never fail me! The inside is super clean and spacious, and the wait staff is always attentive and a pleasure to be around. The food is cooked quickly and hot when it's brought out. Call ahead about 15mins and your food will be ready for you in the carside to go!!YAY!
2	It's Applebee's what can you expect. Sadly I think I have been spoiled by the one in Bismarck ND. Took my family to this one for there first visit to an Applebee's to see what I often talk about after my trips to ND. Sadly this one didn't cut it. Service was ok but not exceptional, booth was tidy but not clean. I could handle all that if food was up to standard but sadly tonight it missed the mark in a big way. If your going to cook frozen steak defrost it first, using the grill to finish the defrost process while cooking ruins steak! Two steak meals both ordered medium rare, 4 individual steaks and not one of them cooked medium rare when was well done the other jelly red in the centre and burnt on the outside.  Wish I had read the reviews first,
4	I ordered the creamy chicken parmesan and the chicken and it's sauce was delicious. The rice was a bit too oniony by itself, but with the cooked spinach and chicken, it blended pretty well. Plus it's a healthy dish promoted by Weight Watchers and is really really yummy. I recommend it.
5	Great place not far from the strip that has great value. Two for $20 is a smoking good deal as well as a decent happy hour. Way way cheaper than anything you'll find on the strip. Friendly staff from the host to the manager made this a very enjoyable experience.
5	Applebee's will never get old! Great service nothing too hyped from it but That 2 for 20$ deal is awesome! This time I ordered the artichoke spinach dip! Amazing!! For my main meal I ordered the 3cheese chicken pasta! Very good! To accompanied my meal I ordered a Long Island iced tea :)
5	My wife works across the street at the Sunrise Hospital.  Any time we meet for lunch we always choose Applebee's.   The service is friendly and quick especially if you sit in the bar.  The 2 for 20 is our go to choice for a cheap lunch.  We have yet to be disappointed.
4	I think that most everybody knows what they're getting into when they go to an Applebee's, but I think that the concern is at what end of the spectrum does THIS location run at.The service here was great, and the food was done just right. Nothing was over or undercooked. The flavors were distinct, and the drinks were cold.I took my grandma here for lunch while I was visiting town, so I have no previous experience at this location to base my experience on. However, it is a rarity that  you find a server these days who will patiently wait to be addressed so as to not interrupt a good conversation, especially in the fast paced world of the western USA and in Las Vegas for that matter.Our server was very very polite, astute, and courteous. It was a very enjoyable, casual lunch.Two thumbs up! (and probably 4 if I could vote for my grandma)
5	I have been coming to this exact one for years and years. Everyone knows what to expect from an applebeas. But, the friendly staff always makes meals more enjoyable. And I can say, this may not be in the best of areas, but it's very friendly. Check it out.
4	Very nice placeFood is always very nice and freshLove to go there
2	I gave this restaurant 2 stars because when walking in at around 930 pm we were greeted by a rude hostess that was not pleasant at all. We had had a long trip from San Diego to Las Vegas and was not expecting such an attitude . All her and the other hostess did was gossip loud near the front entrance.  Then while eating we noticed a women walking up to cars , provably asking for money. I think the only pleasant person that we came in contact was was actually the waiter. HE was a great server and and gave great service, I wish I would have gotten his name. I would probably go again just for convenience but would not recommend this restaurant.
1	My experiences with Applebees have usually been positive or okay. Our visit did not begin well. Our host, a young and effeminate black man, passed us over for a party of young, white and single men. After he seated them, he sat us, two Hispanic women. I guess the host has extracurricular interests in mind rather than doing his job right. Our server, Hispanic as well, was not particularly helpful when it came to my dietary specifications. She acted like the restaurant was doing people like me some kind of favor by being accommodating. The server dedicated more time and service to white customers who were already leaving than us. She wasted our time because the server made us wait several minutes before she came back and took our order. After the iced tea that we ordered finally arrived, we checked out. This brings me to address a serious problem in customer services that some minorities perpetuate against ourselves: treating white customers better than ourselves. Whether this is consciously done or not, it is unacceptable and must stop. One cannot presume that nonwhites are going to leave a bad tip compared to whites because some of us see ourselves as "perpetually poor" and less worthy. When we paid our bill at the front, the host acted flippant and bewildered as to why we left the restaurant. We did not bother to elaborate our reasons because the Applebees staff would be too clueless to get it. Also, The waitress continued with the "we're doing you a favor attitude" just because she shaved us $0.40 from our bill, which was the tax. Wow. I'm supposed to feel grateful.
1	Table 13 check #8267975366First The good. The waitress was wonderful. Now the bad. The food wasn't all that great. The chicken  crispers were hard. My aunt and my guy ordered the all you can eat riblets. My guy opened his napkin which had the silverware in it and a gift. There was a small white bug crawling on the knife. My guy showed it to the hostess. The hostess showed the bug to the manager. The manager came over to our table with a very very offensive statement saying "I heard you brought one of your friends from home" and he laughed. I looked at the manager and I looked at my guy his face must have changed three shades of black! I was so proud of my guy his normal reaction is to curse the manager out  however, he just looked At the manager and said "no sir, I did not bring that from home and the manager said it was a joke. Well, we did not think it was funny and highly unprofessional. Even though the food was horrible, the service  was great the only good thing was my guy got his meal free but only after my Aunt made that request.This was our first experience eating at an Applebee's. We will never return. Just so disappointed in the manager.
2	My visit to this Applebee's was not a pleasant experience. The servers were short and directly insulting. Do not order the 4 cheese macaroni with honey pepper. It is wayyyy too sweet, it tastes like they poured sugar packets into it. Also, the lemonade is very watery (not sure if the fountain needed to be changed or if it's Light). The appetizer, wonton tacos were good. My friend got bourbon street chicken something and it was dry and the onions were basically raw. I would not recommend coming here for a good dining experience.
4	We've been coming here for several years and have never been disappointed. Our favorite local door when we don't feel like cooking at home.
5	The service here is spectacular! I always sit at the bar with my husband and receive the best service from DJ and Tye. They are always going out of their way to give great customer service regardless of how busy they might be, they stay on top of your order. The food is always good and the drinks they serve are amazing. They both always have great suggestions. I only drive all the way to this location because of them two, regardless of the fact that there is an Applebee's near my house.
5	Really great spot. The babe and I were craving some food and didn't want much to eat. So we thought applebees would have a few options. Keep in mind it's 45min before closing. The server (Nikki) was very friendly and helped us find the perfect options. We ended up getting French Onion soup and I got a side of quinoa, rice, and cranberries, I think I tasted some kind of nut flavor. We also got chocolate Oreo everything. The shake was superb and she even added extra Oreos for me. Then the Oreo fudge thing. Haha delicious. All in all. Great service, good food, ambiance is welcoming. Would recommend it.
