3	The computer shop world is so heavily dominated by PC World that it can be hard for other competitors to establish themselves.  Ideal Computing in Bruntsfield is working hard to change this, with their premises in Bruntsfield at the junction of Bruntsfield Place and Leamington Terrace.As a computer shop, it covers nearly all of the bases.  Customers can have PCs designed and made; computers and laptop repairs are undertaken, and they also stock a wide range of computer accessories from wireless routers to graphics cards.My visit to this shop was out of necessity rather than desire.  My previous laptop's hard drive packed up, and I visited here as it was close to where I lived.  I went in, and the staff were very helpful, and took my laptop in for diagnostic tests, which proved what I had feared.  Repairs were completed within a few days, and the laptop was up and running.  I can't fault the quality of their repairs.This is a great little shop that offers so much to the customer.  Whilst it may not stand out from other independent computer shops in the city, it suited my requirements, and it felt good to be supporting them in the face of competition from national chains.  Give them a try - you may find them to be Ideal for you.
4	I uncharacteristically turned off my Ipod to pick grab a flyer from some men in suits and see what they were on about, and turned out they worked at Ideal Computing, which was just behind us. The fliers were advertising an inclusive telephone, internet, cable tv package, which they can helpfully help set up for you! The staff were nice, and also patient, as it took an annoying fifteen minute phone conversation to find out if I was eligible for a product I didn't end up buying. Aside from their services, they appear to have the basic computer products; what I've bought has been quite reasonably priced, and according to them it takes just two or three days for any out of stock items to arrive at the store. I'll definitely be back here, if only to just admire the mile long dreadlocks one of their staff rocks quite nicely.
