1	YUCK!!!! This hotel sucks! My brother, my friend, and I stayed here once. Literally, this was the first hotel we say getting off the freeway, and it was about $100 per night. First, the AC didn't work, and this is in the middle of summer in LV, air conditioning is a necessity rather than a luxury. So we got another room, where the AC STILL didnt work. Thats when we looked around and noticed something: if you happen to be a john, this is where you take your prostitute. Cigar stains on the mismatched comforters, weird, nasty shag carpet, and the channel that automatically comes on when you flip the television on: hardcore pornography. After setting out toward the MGM Grand, we proceeded to get hammered, and just spent the $$$ and got a great room at the Flamingo Hilton
5	Awesome old-school motel right across the street from Mandalay Bay, at a fraction of the price.  A giant pink elephant stands guard out front, to keep out all the pretentious douchebags.  Inside, you'll find simple, clean meth-motel-chic rooms with awesome old-school turquoise-tiled bathrooms.  Decent no-frills pool out front, plenty of parking, and close to everything.  A cheap, quirky place to stay for those who don't care about appearance!
3	A clean, well-lit place to stay up all night and smoke meth with the townies. I'm dead serious.
3	This is not a place you'd want to take your mother - or wife/girlfriend.   Take it for what it is - cheap, basic roof-over-your-head; a flat spot with sheets and a TV.   In November 2011, I spent $40.00 for a single room. While I don't hope to repeat the experience any time soon, (I left my car&home keys at work, and couldn't get them till the next morning), it was good basic crash space at a reasonable price.   Yes, there's a porn channel. No, it's not the 'default' channel, the TV just stays at the last channel used.   Yes, there are cigarette burns - and in a non-smoking room. But the place was awesomely clean, the soap & towels were there and plentiful, and there was no question about letting a large man in work clothes in, with no car and no luggage.   I was not bothered by noises from other rooms or outside (it was rather chilly) other than the sirens from Las Vegas Boulevard, and nobody came knocking at the door proffering services.
1	You know the saying "words can not describe"? Well, luckily words can describe the atrocities that are to be found at the Diamond Inn. With the exception of the kitschy pink elephant on the front lawn, the rest of the place is a nightmare. After numerous unsuccessful attempts to find a room elsewhere in town we were relegated to visiting dive hotels and motels and unfortunately for us, there was vacancy at the Diamond Inn.The SmellThe moldy yet chemically smell in the room was absolutely overwhelming. Not just when you walked in, but hours later.The StickynessEvery surface was tacky to the touch. Even though the beds were foul, the floor was even more foul. I wound up sleeping in my sleeping bag on top of the bed and later scrubbed out that sleeping bag at a you-wash-it car wash, and it remains suspect.SecurityThe door did not latch, let alone lock. Much of the door jam was missing and there is much evidence of the door being kicked in (by police? pimps? hobos? who knows!).The BathroomCross-reference the section on stickyness. There was no top to the toilet tank AND there was an empty beer bottle in the toilet tank. You can't make this up.The TelevisionWow. I can't write this without laughing. All of the channels were exactly the same. Turn it to three and you see the same video as you see on six, twenty-two, etc. The audio was a loud hum, no actual audio. Oh, what was on the tv you ask? Why XXX porn, and not just any XXX porn, but a best-of that only showed what I'm going to call the "grand finale" for Yelp. You can call it by more raunchy terms. One or two minute clips all complied together. SummaryI'm lucky to be alive and disease-free after my stay at the Diamond Inn. It was so bad it was funny. Kind of.
2	My only qualm is the insecure doors. Do the ol' chair stack and you'll be fine. This place is literally a stone's throw from major locations on the strip, for 50 bucks a night. TV receives about 4 well-picked channels (NBC, TNT, ESPN, and porn). Bathrooms are bright and spacious, mattresses firm and yet... springy. Friendly staff and remarkably easy-in, easy-out experience, worthy of a 3/5 rating. We'll be coming back!
1	No Stars. Stayed there, a few nights years ago, there were mirrors across from the bed and in front of the bed, it was very weird place. There was underground construction going on all night, every night, sleeping was not an option. The management would not lower the nightly rate to compensate for the lack of sleep. There was a strange woman in Room 51, if she's still there, she had been there for years, overseeing the airport in back of the motel. This motel is out of this world.
