5	A seriously good hot dog shop in the strip. Who knew? A stroll down the street and, while I wanted a hot dog, I didn't know if I wanted to go in as the exterior looked a little sketchy. I'm glad I went inside.The kitchen is clean and the menu long. The chili is very good - a tad spicy but very good. It reminds me of Ben's Chili Bowl (although nothing matches that hollowed ground). They have a *full* bar. The owner is very cool to speak with. I'm seriously going to add this place to my usual hangouts!
5	This place makes a solid chili dog, with what I think is a Cincinnati style chili. It's very clean, very friendly and there is a bar if you feel like having a drink. Best of all it's reasonably priced. I highly recommend Hot Frank's. If you have been to The O in Oakland, I think Frank's is better by leaps and bounds.
5	Awesome food and ambiance; a real live neighborhood Cheers bar! I can't imagine being the least bit dissatisfied! The food is home-made from old world family recipes ; everything from rice pudding to beer batter fish with the special coleslaw ! Great atmosphere and ambiance. The owner is a gem; sincere , generous and great conversationalist. Not a bad singing voice either! Don't be surprised if a good old fashioned sing along in three part harmony breaks out- join in!
5	The Greek food is great! We stumbled in looking for hot dogs late one night and they were out (???) however, the Greek food was so good I didn't even care. As a bonus there was a live Greek band and a ton of people dancing and having a great time.
3	They get 3 stars for what happened to my dogs. I am a chili dog conniseur and travel around a lot trying to discover new, and yes, old talent. Came across this place by accident. Got 2 chili dogs with mustard and onions. Just average, as well as the price. Couple months later popped in again and got 8 dogs so I could save some for my bro to try. He never got them so a week later I heated them up and ate. They were great a week later! And seemingly spicier. Will I go back,,,,sure, why not, but I won't go out of my way to. Good gyros, to be sure.
5	I love going here for lunch. The food is good, fast and well priced. The folks that work there are great too.
4	"So.... Is Frank really hot???"Of course this was my mature reaction the first time I had heard about this place!  At first glance, you just don't expect this place to be that exciting.  But it's straight up good food at reasonable prices.  There is your expected burgers and dogs, but there is also some Greek food!  Plus a tiny bar area!  Cool!This is one of the cheaper options in the Strip.  My go to is the 1/2 pound Cheeseburger.  It's about $6 for a fresh off of the grill burger.  Special?  No.  But a little bit of happiness in every bite?  You bet!The hot dogs always look good, and the gyros are delicious as well!  The help here is so friendly.  If you are eating in and don't carry cash, tip on your credit card when you pay initially!  They bring your food out to you, check on you, and clear your dishes.Hot Franks is a not in the hustling part of the Strip, but I like that!  You don't have to wait forever to get a seat, and there is plenty of parking on the street.  So no reason not to check it out!
4	I've been here a lot for lunch and i love their gyros! $9.10 for gyro, fries and drink... Not too bad. Also every Thursday it's buy a hotdog get a free hotdog which is big with my coworkers at PNC. The one girl that works here is sooo rude but everyone else seems extremely nice! I will definitely be returning here a lot in the future for my lunch breaks! Also they have Mountain Dew!
4	I have eaten at hot franks (HF) before, and as always I was not let down last night. It has been several weeks since my last excursion to hot franks, and while the interior may have changed.... New paint, windows, and art on the walls (musical instruments to be exact). The reason for my visit remained the same. Dogs. Dogs w/this and that. phat burgers, fries that SCREAM, e-a-t M-E. in a word NIRVANA. It is always a treat to stop at HF during the day, the sights the sounds, the people the aroma's. We went last night around 8:00 PM and it gave me an opportunity to see HF in a new light. Literally. With the music cranking out a be vie of music and their make shift dance floor over run with women the ambeance was ELECTRIC!! I finished my first order of a bacon burger and chased it w/chili cheese and onion fries, and I must say that it went down smoothly like an icy shot of ouzo. While I sat there deep in contemplation I found myself swaying with the music and pounding another order of the sweetest order of chili cheese fries I have had in say the last 15 minutes or so. And I couldn't let those fries sit there by them selves so I had them bring some friends two hot dogs with the works!!  And i will it was worth it. My stomach and mind  continued to let me know that my second order was the right thing to do. To wrap this up, I vote w/my dollars and my feet. And at this moment they are both fighting w/me to get off the couch and into Hot Franks!!! We will be back!!!
4	The place looks divey on the outside, inside it's actually nice!I was surprised by how many different items are on the menu.  They had a large number of wraps, sandwiches, and salads.  I opted for a Gyro, apparently Tuesday is $4 gyro day so I got a gyro, fries, and a drink for $7.00!The gyro was pretty good.  Not excellent, but it was pretty good.  I will def be back, bc what I needed in life was a delicious and fattening lunch option less than a block from where I work.
