5	I am extremely impressed with my experiences with Platt and Westby. I can't believe the negative review I just read. They are honest, fair, reassuring, and always were willing to help me with my needs. I felt the pricing was very fair. I would definitely recommend them as they know their stuff and have support staff helping to move things along. Not only does this firm have the experience to back themselves up but they treat you with respect and care. That is rare in the legal profession these days. I would highly recommend.
5	I was fortunate enough to find this law firm while I had a real estate dispute.  I talked with Mr. Westby via email and he suggested I visit his office to discuss my case.  He spent over 45 minutes reviewing my dispute details and was very honest in his assessment.  He was fair, open and willing to help.  This law firm was built by honest partners and has been a part of the community for over 35 years, and it should be on top of your list.
1	I can't even believe I saw these guys pop up when I looked for "lawyer" in AZ.I am compelled to write a review because of my family's experience with this firm.My experience with them is not direct, my sister dealt with them years ago when she was gravely injured when a BALCONY collapsed with her on it.She was referred to Platt by a family friend. Unfortunately, her P.I. case was not handled well, partly due to the fact that these guys were not well versed in those types of cases. Instead of referring her elsewhere, to an attorney better suited to her type of case, they took her case and almost ruined it. She was "stuck" with Platt by then, and could not afford to get another attorney.In my opinion, taking a case when it is not in the best interest of a client, ie. that is not your specialty, is not professional. She should have been informed during consultation that this was not their area of expertise. I really believe had she had a better attorney she would have gotten a settlement that matched her permanent injury.But that is just my opinion, and this is Yelp.
1	Referred to them by a realtor; hired them to represent me to evict tenants from our rental property.  To summarize: this firm did nothing to represent my interest, then once an agreement was confirmed with the defendants/renters, my attorney vacated our previously scheduled court date without informing me.  On the day of court, I waited to hear from my attorney the status: attend court or that the settlement was agreed to ~ nothing.  So I called the attorney, straight to voice mail.  An hour later, after no response, I call their main office and spoke with Mr. Westby who said he'd research and get back to me. I learned that my attorney called in sick and there was no plan in place to inform me of the agreement, court hearing vacated or that my attorney wasn't in that day.  Unprofessional and unhelpful is my experience with Platt & Westby.
