5	The food was great and awesome shawrma or gyro is v.good customer service are great .good luck
5	First off, the food is very delicious and I will definitely be dining there again. They have the best hummus I've had in a LONG time.Our meal started out with fresh tortilla chips and salsa. (I thought that was weird for the type of restaurant) We saw the waitress pour it right out of the bottle into a bowl and serve it to us. We ordered the hummus appetizer for $4.89 or something like that. I was under the impression that we'd get the hummus plate that was pictured on Yelp. Nope, we got a tiny bowl of hummus. So very disappointing for the price we paid. It was delicious but expensive/small. Maybe our waitress made a mistake but we still got charged the $4.89.I also ordered the chicken shawarma. It was spectacular.The customer service was not great. Our waitress acted like she didn't want to be there. My husband had to ask for a refill and a box multiple times. We were the only customers there around 1pm.  So the customer service is the reason that I only gave it 3 stars.
4	Food is so yummy! Service is pretty good! The music selection is random. They were playing Latin music, not what I expected from a middle eastern restaurant!
5	Excellent food.
5	This place reminds me of Israel...  The food is delicious, the little market has the best chocolate bars ever, and the price is just perfect, I could not believe how affordable this was, and the serving sizes are huuge! Ok, I had the hummus to start (very fresh), and the beef kabobs, with the yummiest rice, salad AND fries? Yes please...  From friday to sunday they have "kids eat free", that was the cherry on top... So cool.
4	The shawarma was fantastic! I will definitely be coming back to try something else. Glad they opened a place like this close to Uncc.  Very convenient and affordable,  yet healthy
4	Great place to eat/order to go a quick shawarma. Its a family owned restaurant and the food clearly shows that. I like it!
