4	This place is brand new and I was excited to give it a shot since it's right around the corner from where I work.  I ordered two full tacos (fish / shrimp / pepper) for lunch.  They were still installing the security system so they're still figuring things out, based on their website, this is their 1st and only location thus far.  The measures of good corn tortillas for me are: are they fresh and do they fall apart - and these are really good.  The fish and shrimp were fresh and tasty and the cheesy pepper was a nice touch.  The salsa bar is nicely stocked with different salsas / condiments similar to what you'd find in Mexico.  The menu is simple and reasonable - definitely worth checking out if you're in the neighborhood!
5	Simply amazing food! Try it, you won't regret it. Campechana (mixed) taco!
5	Tortilla Fish is phenomenal! This is a healthy substitute to your average Subway sandwich.... But three times better! They offer steamed vegetables and grilled fish for the real health freaks like me. The interior is a fresh blue, with beautiful photography of Mexican shores. They provide quick service, excellent staff, and warm smiles! I highly recommend stopping in here to taste real, authentic fresh fish with natural ingredients! Treat your body & life to some limes, cilantro & spice!
4	The staff are extremely helpful (at least one seemed to still be learning the menu), knowledgeable, friendly, and maybe even excited about their new biz!  LOVE that!The menu is extremely shrimp heavy, which isn't great since I'm allergic. I did learn that they COMPLETELY separately cook the shrimp from the fish (including labels on everything - so I knew they weren't just saying that and it probably would be safe for me to eat).  I wasn't too hungry though, so I just got the simple cheese quesadilla for $2.99.  It's pretty paltry to look at, but once you add your choice of toppings from the condiment bar, it's worth more than that, for sure.  The had an onion mix, cole slaw, fresh cabbage, pico, several salsas, several sauces, and a great selection of hot sauces to choose from.Drinks include free refills (but drink station is in the kitchen so it's not self serve--not my favorite).  I hope this place succeeds. It's in a strip mall by Walmart (gag), and next to Subway and Panda Express (gag).
3	Like Tortilla Fish.  Very simple menu,  fish tacos (steamed or fried), shrimp tacos (fried only), a few salads and quesadillas, that's all.  No rice or beans. But good quality, friendly service, and quick turnaround.  Nice salsa bar which has different topping for your tacos,  that includes a coleslaw like topping, a few different types of salsa, jalapenos and a chipotle mayo and avocado topping,  plus a few other ones.  Had one taco that had shredded steamed fish that was much better than I expected (not fishy, and the perfect amount of spices,  and another one that had fried fish, fried shrimp and and fried pepper stuffed with cheese.  Ingredients of good quality and freshness that I really enjoyed.  Sometimes I don't feel well after eating fried foods, but this one wasn't too greasy,  and felt just fine afterwords.   I did try the fried fish and french fries,  which was too doughy and not enough fish, just the smaller pieces that you'd get in the tacos.   That I would not recommend.Dining area and restrooms were very neat, and clean, and people there are also super friendly.Good value..
5	Wow!  This place truly serves great fresh food at amazing prices...I  had the Governor which is awesome and flavorful and the steamed fish taco which was delicious as well.  I plan on being a regular here!!
4	So excited that this place finally opened. It has been saying coming soon for quite some time now. Then I noticed the doors where finally open so over for lunch I came. My coworker who was with me chickened out and went next door to the corporate Chinese place. I am glad I decided to come here. It was really good.The menu is pretty simple. Not that much on it and the prices are fairly reasonable. They have fish tacos, of course, and shrimp tacos. I decided to go with the Full Taco per the recommendation of the cashier. The Full Taco has fish and shrimp on a corn tortilla with a stuffed yellow pepper. The cheese in the pepper proceeds to melt all over the inside of the taco and makes it that much better.Before you take you food to go or sit down to eat make sure you hit up the toppings bar. With all kinds of salsa and other goodies to jazz up your taco a little.I also got fries and a drink. I did get two tacos which with the fries turned out to be more than enough. The total was $11 but with just one taco, fries and a drink I think it would be more in line with any other fast food place.The fries are really good. They fry them in the batter and wow. It makes them so much better than your regular fries.The restaurant is very clean and modern with TV screens of menu boards. The minor complaint is that the soda fountain is behind the counter. So they have to serve you your soda which slows things down just a little. But it is just a minor thing and not a big deal at all.Since this place is so close to work and so good I will definitely be back. Probably regularly.
5	This is my new favorite place for fish tacos. The boyfriend and I went here for lunch and each ordered one fish and one shrimp taco. When you get them, they are plain - just the fish or shrimp. But then you head over to the salsa bar and add the topping that you want. I added the slaw to both and got a few sauces to try on the side - avocado, chipotle and cilantro. They also have different salsas, ranch, tartar sauce hot sauce, limes, and more so you can really customize your tacos.The slaw was fresh and crispy. All the sauces I tried were good but my favorite sauce was the cilantro. It was creamy and not overpowering.The tacos are pretty big, bigger than street tacos. Two were enough for me, boyfriend did go back for a third.Both the shrimp and the fish were really good and I love that you can add the toppings that you want. I will definitely be back!
4	This place is exactly what the name suggests. Tiny menu - fish tacos only - but they're yummy!Pros: Nice salsa and topping selection, the staff were upbeat and helpful, the restaurant was clean and well maintained (it's brand new).Cons: I would have liked more fresh salsa options, but they do what they do well.Would definitely go back next time I'm over there at Costco or shopping for furniture!
4	Mmmmmm, Did someone say Fish Tacos? I must admit I've been waiting for this place to open ever since I saw the "coming soon" banner. A Fish Taco shop is exactly what this area needed especially since the Baja Fresh down the street closed a couple of months ago.  The Fish Tacos are legit! They freshly fry them up when you order them so they are never cold. They have an extensive salsa/topping bar to make your fantasy fish taco just the way you want it. The place is always clean and the service is friendly. The menu is limited, (which I like) because to me that shows they take pride in they do. I highly recommend the standard Fish Taco for starters and the Full Taco which has  fish, shrimp and a cheese-filled yellow hot pepper  (but beware this one requires a fork once you pile on the toppings!). Enjoy!
2	This place is really cute and clean. The menus on the flat screens are nice.  The food was ok. Our fish taco shells fell apart, and our fried fish wasn't that crunchy. The shrimp quesadilla was made with corn tortillas not flour, which is different , but not great. I hope they take these comments and make changes I would love to come back and try them again.
5	If you like fish tacos, this is the place to go. Went for lunch and got two steamed fish tacos. They were prepared hot and fresh. Not only was the salsa bar comprehensive, the owner walked me through the best flavor pairings. Delish!
5	The staff is awesome! They love working here. Not robotic. Friendly...owner is very genuine. Food rocks!
5	Reminds me of eating tacos on the beach in Mexico, without worrying about if I'm going to get sick later.These are the real deal, it's a simple taco shop. You get your choice of fish, shrimp or both. And they are so tasty. I love that everything is made fresh and the salsa bar is terrific.These tacos aren't the most inexpensive running around $3/ea depending on what you get so plan on spending around ten with a drink for a good lunch. But I can't wait to go back.
5	Service was great, the place was kept really neat and clean. And the food is authentic. Great place to eat after a hangover or lunch.
5	I'm not exactly sure when this chain hit the valley, but after eating there I was left wondering where it has been all my life. All their food, from the tortillas to everything on the salsa bar, is freshly made in house every day - and it is excellent. These guys really have perfected everything on their humble menu. The staff is uber friendly, too! Will be going back soon  :)
5	I'm writing this review on behalf of myself and Rob, my boyfriend, since I carry the Yelp torch in our relationship. We discovered Tortilla Fish during one of our late night trips to Walmart. We totally drooled over the idea of a little taco shop (Rob especially, as he loves tacos from San Felipe). We promised that we would go back during business hours.Yesterday, we were in the area and decided to stop at Tortilla Fish. Not sure what to expect, we walked in to Tortilla Fish's TOTALLY ADORABLE little restaurant. The walls are blue with some fun subway tile, with lots of beautiful photos. Clean and cozy are two of the words that come to my mind. I got so excited when I later noticed the sea shells in the subway tile. So cute and original.The employees were really friendly, especially when we told them it was our first time in. They gave us recommendations, told us about their best sellers, and even gave us some sauce combinations to try. Supremo customer service at this place.I ordered two shrimp tacos and a cup of water. Rob got the full taco, a fish taco, and a soda. I think the total came to $15.22, which I thought was quite reasonable for two people. The tacos were $2.99-ish each, so I could easily see spending more than $15 if you came in HUNGRY.Our order came up after only a few minutes, and OH BOY! The shrimp in my tacos were HUGE and there were plenty of them. Two thumbs up for emphasis on the SHRIMP in shrimp tacos. The fish in Rob's taco was stacked so high, he grabbed a fork (but didn't end up using it except to clean out the dish when we had finished).I used the avocado and cilantro sauces on my tacos, with cabbage and onion and fresh cilantro, and all I can say is YUM YUM YUM. And the corn tortillas? Brilliant. Very soft and tasty-- though a word to the wise, if you plan to overload your taco with accessories, the tortilla may break (which, for most of us, is no problem. Give me a fork or I'll eat it with my fingers. Tastes good all the same). Lastly, I really appreciated that the contents of the salad bar are clearly fresh; they looked pretty and tasted great too. Rob LOVED the full taco and the fish taco (to quote him, "all that was missing was a beach with no surf"). He used a combination of pico de gallo, cilantro sauce, and (I think) the extra spicy salsa. We were definitely a fan of this little place, so I think we will be returning soon.  Rob and I  say four out of five stars and would definitely recommend if you are in the mood for some clean, tasty tacos.PS: Don't forget your phone in the car, because you get 15% off your order with your first Yelp check in. No worries, I will save it for our next visit!-------------Update!---------------After writing this review today, and then reading it over with Rob, we decided to go back to Tortilla Fish for lunch. That's right, less than 24 hours from our initial visit, we returned. And AGAIN, the food was delicious.The employees remembered us, said "Welcome back!" and thanked us. A+ guys. Thank YOU!I tried the fish taco today and WHOA. I think it is my new favorite. The fish was so moist and delicious it melted in my mouth. Topped with cilantro and avocado sauce and fresh cabbage, onion, and cilantro again, definitely a win.Also...do yourself a favor and get the french fries. No, seriously. When one of the  employees said "We have the best fries I have ever tasted" I was skeptical, but I think he's onto something.  These fries were EASILY some of the best I've ever had, if not the best. They're a nice size and density, and are even a little flakey on the outside. Serious and overwhelming yum for these fries. Oh, and for a tasty treat, drip them in the chipotle sauce. Really flavorful and smokey. Thumbs up, all around.Rob had two full tacos this time and was just as pleased today as he was yesterday. Bumping up to a 5 star from my original 4. Tortilla fish, we'll DEFINITELY be back.
2	My experience wasn't bad, just not up to the hype of all the other reviews. I tried the shrimp, fish, campechana and machaca tacos. The shrimp tacos were the best and the little station filled with fresh toppings was great. It was a bummer that my machaca tacos had a lot of little bones in it, and the horchata drink tasted powdery and sour. I also came at a time when the restaurant wasn't busy, but the floor and some tables were dirty. The smell of fried food also lingered in my hair and clothes when I left lol! Again, the experience wasn't bad, but I don't think I will visit again...I still prefer Americas Taco Shop.
5	We loved Tortilla fish!! I been there twice.  The service is excellent and fast. The place look very clean all the time. The food is amazing I tried the fish machaca taco, and my husband had the fish and shrimp. We both loved them all. The topping are fresh and different from other fish taco places. I also had the shrimp garden salad and is made with very fresh ingredients. Go and try this awesome pace!!!
5	Went this weekend with the groupon. Was very good. And the price is awesome!! I'm telling everyone at my office and am actually going back for lunch today! I got the fish taco and the machaca taco both were very good we also had the fries they were also very good however I could do with out them 2 tacos are plenty for a filling lunch. Very small menu but it makes it easy to choose and what they do they do very well. Today I plan on getting the machaco taco again and I'm gonna try the shrimp taco and just looked on their website and on Tuesdays it's buy 2 get 1. Not sure I can eat 3 tacos but I'm happy to see I get my monies worth.Update: After going back for lunch today the shrimp taco is my favorite. Soooo good!!
5	Impressive!  This little place is a modestly decorated, scrupulously clean fish taco joint with a fresh toppings bar and very, very friendly employees who really go out of their way to greet you and make sure you know what the offerings are.  I liked it.  Considering it's walking distance from my office I'll be back.
5	Great and fresh tacos. Tried the battered fish, battered shrimp, and fish machaca tacos. Salsa bar has a lot of different choices for taco toppings. Everything was made to order. Batter was light and crisp. Fish was very flaky. Shrimp was firm with great flavor. The machaca was awesome! Wasn't sure I would like it as much as the others but I think it was actually my favorite. The quesadillas sounded great, so maybe I'll try one of those next time. Places was clean and staff was friendly. Def will go back.
5	Really fresh and delicious fish tacos, we were really impressed and pleasantly surprised by how good the food was here. Definitely will be back soon!!
3	Fish tacos were pretty decent. Only problem I had was when you do take out, it's kinda pain in the arse to get all those toppings/sides in little tiny containers. I wish they would have them pre-packed or carry takeout boxes with little compartments for sides.
4	My experience with this place has been "so-so". I want to give it 3 1/2 stars but it wouldn't let me sooo...4 stars because it was a very clean restaurant and the employees were super nice. However, the food was a solid 3 stars. I ordered the fish and chips. So basically you get a styrofoam container full of fries (which are actually really good) and about 8 small bite size pieces of a beer batter type of fish. The fish? Well..it tasted fresh but I'm sure it wasn't fried all the way through...my stomach still feels a little weird. Anyways, they have a really nice salsa bar and it's fresh ingredients too. But I don't think I will be back...
5	Good food, decent price. You can tell they care about their food and service. Definitely recommend this place.
1	Disgusting. Grilled Fish taco looked like cat food and didn't taste any better.  Took 2 bites and threw away.
5	The BEST fish tacos I have ever had!!  My husband and I love this place and are making this a must stop every IKEA trip we make!!  The full and machaca are super good also their fries are very good I even scooped up the extra machaca with my fries and that is a tasty treat!!  They also have amazing ranch dressing!!  Thank you Tortilla Fish!!
5	Great place! Exceptionally clean..Friendly and helpful staff and fresh tasty food. Definitely coming back!
5	Not in my side of town, but really good!! Friendly staff, fresh ingredients and everything we ate was delicious! Had the steamed fish taco and the shrimp quesadilla.  Highly recommended and we will be back again!
5	Unbelievable fish tacos... Owner on site definitely takes pride in the food.  I like the "full taco" best.  Home made sauces are great and salsa bar is always fresh!  This is a great lunch spot and best breaded fish tacos I have had!
5	NOM NOM NOM.  Very clean, everything tastes very fresh.  The salsa bar is as good as everyone says.  The fries were tasty too.  I think their shrimp is slightly better than their fish.  I normally hate corn tortillas, but was fine with these.  Buy 2 get one free on Tuesdays!  In the strip mall facing Walmart next to Panda Express.
5	Awesome fish tacos!!! We dropped in for a snack in between meals and opted for the combo. 2 tacos of your choice a side of fries and a drink for 8.99. We got 2 full fish tacos which was both fish and shrimp. They bread and fry the seafood which is just the way I like it. They give you tacos plain (just tortilla, pepper, cheese and fish-they don't skimp) but their salsa bar is where it's at. Here you customize your taco. They have an array of salsas, sauces, veggies, and even coleslaw to top your tacos with. I LOVE THIS!  The coleslaw was crisp and fresh, pico was on point, no mushy over processed salsas here!  They also had squeeze bottles of mayo, chipotle dressing, cilantro dressing, ranch and of course hot sauces. All were awesome.  I almost got full off 1 taco! Now their fries, you don't expect much but these were some of the crispiest fries I've ever had! The tacos were very reminiscent of some we've had in Baja Mexico and I'm so glad we found some here. Service was on point. Ruben the co owner was very friendly and while we ate our tacos he was very attentive to other patrons and even took the time to explain the salsa bar to a gentlemen. They seem very into making their customers happy and comfortable. He let us know that Tuesday they offer a buy 2 get 1 free taco special and that if you like their Facebook they offer additional deals. We will definitely be returning!
5	5 stars because of few reasons; tacos were tasty, the salsa bar looked crazy fresh, & I left welcome from the moment I walked in the door! I was greeted as I walked in, they asked if I've been here before (i haven't), gave me recommendations, they also took the time to tell me what everything was on the salsa bar! Great customer service makes for a great experience! Thank you & if I wasn't only visiting AZ I would come here often!
4	We really loved this place! Fresh hot fish tacos, excellent beer battered fries, and a wonderful salsa bar with different salsas and cream based sauces like avocado, chipotle, and cilantro. They also make their own ranch for their fries. The one thing I wish they did was offer flour tortillas instead of just corn; start offering the flour tortillas and it'd be a 5 star from me! Other than that this place was fantastic and we'd definitely be back. Also the staff and owner is very friendly!
5	The absolute BEST fish taco I've ever put in my mouth PERIOD!!!!  I would drive by 20 places that sell fish tacos to get to these.  Your search ends here.
5	This place is fantastic for Sonora style fried fish and shrimp tacos. The toppings bar is awesome for making your tacos the way you want, and the staff is very friendly. My only knock would be the ventilation isn't amazing and it is a smaller space, so it can get a little stuffy and you'll leave with a full belly but clothes that smell like fried fish.
4	It's been a little bit since Tortilla Fish has opened up in my work area, so I thought it would be a nice break from the normal lunch thing and try something new, so off to Tortilla Fish I went!The place is very clean and service is great, was greeted when I walked in and when I walked out.  I ordered 2 full tacos minus the shrimp and man were they huge, if I had known how big they were I would have only gotten one, the taco came with 2 corn tortillas and was loaded with crispy fish, a cheesed filled yellow hot pepper, from the salsa bar I added to it some creamy cilantro sauce and come slaw. Even though the fish is fried, it didn't come off as a "fried" food, the texture was light, and fish was tender, this was a very good taco! Glad I stopped by to give them a try and happy to add them to my fast lunch time eats
5	Fish Machaca, it may sound weird and when they explain it as steamed seasoned fish as the healthy option you may be suspicious.  Don't be it is an amzing flavor and texture filling with in a simple corn tortilla. Part of the fun here is the salsa/ slaw bar, Yes slaw 2 types sauces salsa and more to customize your taco as you want it. The sesame chili oil goes best of the fish machaca as anything heavier would mask the savory flavors.  The fried fish was done well too, not over cooked and crispy.  You are are not in to seafood your only option is a quesadilla, but I think this place may get you in to seafood.My only grip is the price to amount of food. Tacos are $3 each and 2 of them make a small meal.
4	Very good fish tacos as well as a great taco bar.  Would go back again for sure!!
5	We tried the shrimp and fish tacos. You get to put the toppings on your tacos after he makes them to order. The sauces are all home made, loved the avocado & cilantro. As good as it gets!Everything is made fresh!
5	I had found fish taco shan gri la! I passed by this place a few times, since moving to a new office, but I'm always skeptical about corporate sounding places trying to look like local food joints. This place wows and is definitely a good local find. I went with the fried fish taco ($2.99), the mixed fish and shrimp taco ($3.50) and a shrimp quesadilla. The fish was SUPER fresh and light. They serve the tacos bare, and have all the fixins you could want to pimp out your taco. They had 4 different salsas ranging from mild to super duper hot, quite a few sauces like chipotle, avocado and cilantro, plus onions, cilantro, lime and just about anything you want. All in al a great meal if you're in the mood for fish and shrimp tacos!
5	I have made my way back to this little taco joint finally and I must say, it has to be one of my favorite places for lunch now. I do appreciate how polite they are to their customers and the food is always fresh. Btw, if you ever have the taste for REALLY good French fries, this is the place!
5	Thanks Yelp!  Great call on this little hole in the wall. I hit Tortilla Fish Tacos on "taco Tuesday" and had three of the best "fast food" fish tacos ever. I asked the manager what kind of fish they use and he told me it was Alaskan pollack. Very tasty.
5	Went to tortilla fish after receiving a coupon... WOW! What a pleasant surprise! The fish and shrimp tacos are amazing, and so is the salsa bar and staff!! Will most definitely return!
5	Hands down the BEST fish tacos in the valley! They only have one location but its worth the trip! The battered fish tacos are crispy, not soggy and not too much breading. You get to top it off with their awesome salsa bar full of fresh limes, cabbage, cilantro dressing, chipolte, or avocado sauce! their grilled taco is also delish, a must try!
5	Absolutely fantastic. Wonderful, friendly and courteous service. Great food, great prices and a fantastic little salsa bar. Seriously, all of the sauces and sauces are to die for. Highly recommended for any lunch or takeout dinner.Me and the wife had a selection of a lot of what they offer and everything's been fantastic. Crispy juicy fish and amazing shrimp.*Edit: also the place is spotless ^_^
5	Best Fish Tacos!!!
4	I love mexican cuisine! and this place seemed to hit the mark for me! Very fresh and flavorful, also great prices. Easy joint to stop in and eat healthy quick! Im a big fan so far! Went with a pretty large group and there was a decent amount of seating. Gets kinda busy around the lunch rush hour but, like I said quick service so no need to worry! Yum
5	Just about the best fish taco I have ever had. Absolutely f'ing amazing. Great batter, not greasy tasting at all, and the sides for the tacos were so fresh! I will be back again, soon!
4	My Salad was fresh and crisp, batter was tasty and cooked well in the fish taco. I could have just used a little kicker too the full taco. Not really exiting but good food.
5	Was really craving a burrito but this place is really good everything fresh !! I highly recommend very friendly staff too !!
5	Awesome! I usually get 2 full tacos and split the fries with my wife. I recommend this place to everyone who likes tacos and seafood.
4	Bomb. Super fresh and simple. But the toppings bar is out of control. Multiple sauces, salsas, and veggies to go on your tacos. Get all three sauces and load it up with salsa, veggies, slaw, and lime. Fantastic.
4	Have been hitting up Rubio's for my fish taco fix, but the wife wanted me to try out this place. Lucky I listened to her cause the food was awesome. It's fresh cuts and fried well. The prices are comparable, but the thing that stood out to me was the delicious selection of sauces they provide.I personally like the Chipotle and avocado sauce. It's unlimited so make sure you don't overload on it :).Will definitely become a regular at this place.
5	Wonderful and refreshing to find such good good north of the border - normally I need to be in Cabo or Rocky point to get such good fish and shrimp tacos - not anymore.  Service was great and helpful with recommendations for the salsa bar pairings - enjoyed to the shrimp corn quesadilla and a couple of full tacos - light breaking flaky and moist fish - a lite cabbage slaw with a bit of their tartar to finish it off - fantastic!!!!!
5	YUM!So glad I made the decision to give this place a try.  Tasty, satisfying, fresh, reasonably priced, and a couple of really great guys behind the counter.  Theses two are providing guidance and info about the food, directing to the best place for menu viewing, taking the orders, and cooking it up to order.Did I say FRESH?  The fish was fresh and tasty and the light batter was very complimentary, not a lot of fluffy filler.  The salsa/condiment bar was far from what you might typically see (Baja Fresh, America's Taco Shop, etc.).  Not to say anything bad about any of those but this one is just different.  Loved the cilantro sauce and the hot habanero salsa.  You can choose between chopped cabbage or a (dry) slaw as one of your toppings too.  But really, what's a fish taco without cabbage?  And let me tell you, their version of tartar sauce is not what you might expect either -creamy, light, refreshing compliment to the fish.  Wish I could just order the first alone just so I could enjoy some of their tartar sauce with. They also have a hot oil.   Interesting.  I went with the Full and and one other.  Forgot to get pics cuz i was hungry and anxious to try these.  My son had the Gobernador and Campechana.  I tasted his quesadilla and give it two thumbs up.  We were very satisfied with our choices and glad we decided on this place for lunch.We will be back.
5	The food here is delicious! I love Mexican and seafood, so this place is right up my alley. They make everything fresh. The salsa bar lets you customize your order.I had the 3 for 2 Tuesday special. The shrimp taco was the best, followed by the fish machaca, then the Campechana. The menu is small, but that's because they focus on one area and do it very well.Service was very friendly. The room is small without being cramped. The restaurant is clean and not heavily decorated.I will be back, and I am telling my friends to check it out.
5	Ruben and Francisco are the best!!! Their service is over the top, I feel taken care of better than family.Best fish tacos in AZ!!!I don't write reviews, but it really is so amazing I felt it was time to write my first!Everything is created fresh and you can tell its made with a passion to be the best ;)If you know me you will understand this last statement, You had me at habanero salsa!Love you guys, Many thanks...
5	Best place for fish tacos in the area. Authentic and made fresh right before you.  The place is nice and clean, staff is courteous. Five stars all the way.
5	I love this place for a quick, healthy (I always get the fish machaca), and delicious lunch!  I load up on the different toppings and sauces and always feel good after eating here.  Reuben (the owner) is always there, and I fully support small businesses like this one and hope that it continues to be successful!Keep it Up!
5	Where to begin?! First let's start by saying I found this spot on Yelp, so I would like to thank Yelp foremost. Without it, I would have never seen this gem of Tempe. Now to the food. Wow, total deliciousness! Tacos are great, complete with a salsa bar and the variety of sauces they offer. The fish they serve isn't heavily battered where you can taste the cod and moistness of the fish-great! Decent price, where they offer all you can eat fish tacos from 3-6 pm each day. Didn't even know until I checked out there website, so that's always a plus. Went here twice, bringing friends along as they agreed with me as this being a great taco shop. Will most definitely come back again. Satisfied yelper!!!!
5	This is no upscale Roy's, it's a simple taco shop. But the one thing they've got that Roy's hasn't got...Fish tacos! And great fish tacos at that!  I was visiting from Washington state and was craving fish tacos. I Yelped and found this place just two blocks from where I was parked. GREAT staff! Reasonably priced and great tasting fish and shrimp tacos. Just what I was craving. My family gets into town at the end of the week and we'll be back...more than once, I'm sure! Oh, and a great salsa bar too! Be sure to try mixing the avacado, cilantro and Chipotle sauces together...AMAZING!!
4	Wow did this place live up to the Yelp hype! If you're a fan of Rubios Fish Tacos ... I'm gonna have to ask you to RUN to Tortilla Fish.There's a new sheriff in town, and they kick the chains asses with both hands tied behind their back! Last week, I had an hour before I had to do my Phoenix-Southern AZ work commute and Dude had a day off work... So we decided it was time to finally try this place.It wasn't too busy at 11. When we walked in, we were immediately greeted by who I assume to be Francisco P. Super clean, even their restrooms.I ordered the Full and Shrimp Tacos, Dude ordered two Shrimp Tacos. And we also split an order of beer battered fries. The free large drink Yelp check-in offer was a nice bonus!The toppings and sauce bar was phenom. I tried the hot salsa on one, cilantro sauce on another, and added some shredded cabbage. We also got a side of ranch. Glad I stuck to the hot though; unlike other restaurants Tortilla Fish doesn't lie about spice levels. Another friendly employee also told us they make all sauces in house daily. So good! Also, they don't cook anything til it's ordered.I really enjoyed both of my tacos. The corn tortillas were incredibly fresh. Yes, they fry the fish here but it was flaky, light and not bogged down with greasiness. The cheesy pepper in the Full Taco was sinfully delicious: Take a bite, and it melts everywhere. Also, the ranch complimented the fries perfectly. A lot of food for two people; if you drop in by yourself definitely stick to two tacos as the fry portion is huge. Overall, great experience, amazing food with a side of stellar customer service. We wish they were open later on the weekends. Welcome to the neighborhood, Tortilla Fish. I anticipate returning many times and hope y'all stick around for a long time!
4	Went here because I got an Amazon Local deal, and now I am glad that I did! The place was empty when I got there, which worried me a little, but the service was fast and friendly, and the food was delicious. Between my husband and myself we had the machaca fish, shrimp and battered fish tacos, and they were all really tasty. The corn tortilla had just enough elasticity to hold together without tearing, but was not chewy. The battered shrimp and fish had good flavor and did not taste like the fish sticks you get at the grocery store, like in some places. Two tacos was enough to fill me up, and they leave the topping choice up to you (there is a little fixings-type bar with slaw, salsas, etc). Worth the trip to check it out!
4	I'm breaking my usual 'two visit" rule for Tortilla Fish but there's a good reason; It was just THAT good!!I met up with the girl for lunch on my day off, kind of leery about what I was getting into because I'm not really a fan of fish tacos. But I gotta give the local guys a shot and I'm glad I did.Ordered the shrimp tacos, added beer battered fries for the table and snagged the free drink check-in offer. Didn't have to wait long for our tacos and was pleasantly surprised to find that they don't pre-build the tacos for you. After they cook up your fish and put it in a fresh corn tortilla, you get to put the rest of it together using the nearby bar. This is a HUGE plus for me because far too often I've had fish tacos elsewhere that were drenched with some nasty mayo based cream sauce that I can't stomach. Here though, I was able to load my shrimps up with shredded cabbage, pico de gallo, some bomb salsa, and cilantro. WORD OF WARNING: They are not exaggerating about their heat levels. When they say hot, they mean hot. I went with the hottest salsa and got a good burn going, despite how used to spicy food I am. So choose with caution. One of the staff members was kind enough to give a couple of recommendations on what to put on the tacos as well which I'm glad I listened to them because I would have missed out on the cilantro sauce.The end result? Freakin' excellent! Very fresh fish and fantastic toppings. Found out after I'd inhaled my first taco that all the sauces are made in house daily which explains why it tastes freakin amazing and fresh. The beer battered fries were also great. I recommend sharing them though because you get quite a bit.Overall, a great dining experience and great customer service. My only gripe is that they close a bit earlier than other taco restaurants which makes it difficult for me to eat there for dinner given my work hours. Otherwise I'm glad I gave them a try. Will definitely need to come here again sometime soon.
4	Ok I was looking for some fish tacos and came across this place. If you are looking for fish tacos  than look no  further. Because pretty much that is all they sell. Well that and shrimp. They do also have chicken. Everything is lightly battered.  I got the the shrimp/fish combo tacos. Damn! So good. They have a great salsa/fixing bar that you can load up on the tacos. The  only down side is that they only have fries, no chips? Which is why I took one star off. The guys who own it are great and will give you the 411 on what to try at the salsa bar. Cheap and and the tacos are big. I get two of them and am stuffed.
4	Pretty Delish!  Both the chicken and the shrimp tacos are equally good and the fries are good.  The salsa bar is pretty awesome.  If they get flour tacos, I would give them 4.5 stars.
5	Now that is what a fish taco should taste like.  I tried the full taco, the shrimp taco, and the machaca taco and they were all great. I will definitely be getting the shrimp again and again. It was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  The corn tortillas had a mild flavor and held up well to sauces. The hot salsa wasn't joking, go easy on it the first time even if you are a spice lover like me.  There were plenty of condiment choices, from the traditional pico de gallo to  worcheschire and tarter sauce. Something for everyone.This place looks modern and clean.  It has really comfortable chairs, believe it or not. Plus, the staff is really nice. I recommend going on Tuesday for their 3 for 2 taco special. I'm full and my wallet thanked me.
4	The shrimp tacos are really good here. They've got a good salad bar too! You can customize your taco.
3	The fish was great quality, I could tell...but everything just tasted a bit bland.  I tried every single sauce they had and nothing really popped out at me.I love fish tacos, but these could use some type of flavor...not sure why but it wasn't coming through.
5	Checked this place out after seeing all the positive reviews and I'm glad I did. Super fresh shrimp and fish tacos made to order, an amazing assortment of daily-made sauces and salsas, incredibly engaging owners and employees, and a nice clean dining experience. Seemed odd to me that they'd offer French fries instead of tortilla chips but I certainly can't complain-- the fries were outstanding, gold and crispy on the outside and downy soft on the inside. Try them with the house made ranch dressing! My husband is a salsa hound so he fell in love with the extensive salsa bar. He eats habanero peppers raw, too, so when he told me that the extra hot salsa was HOT, I believed him.Thanks, Yelp, for letting me know about this place. I love supporting local restaurants that are trying hard and doing a great job. I'll definitely be back.
3	Ok so I have to be really honest. I came here expecting to have some awesome fish tacos, not amazing, just good. So the place is really clean and the employees are very friendly. The menu is not overwhelming, with enough options for anyone from any age. The salsa bar was fully stocked and very neat.... but here is what I did not like. There fish is chopped and battered, so its really hard to hold or to eat without looking a mess, especially if your like that me and tries every sauce they offered lol. The fish was everywhere except the tortilla. After i managed to get past that, the flavors were actually ok, but thats about it. The fish was not crispy in any form, it felt like steamed bread stuffed with fish! The texture of the fish was nothing of what a real fish taco is. That was such a negative for me! All around not as cracked up to be, rubios is still better for a fast food fish taco and cheaper
3	Having been a longtime fan of Rubio's, I was a little hesitant to try it out. I'm glad I did! The fish tacos were very good. Lots of meat in the fish tacos. I really liked that the tacos come plain. They have a great bar with different sauces and toppings so you can customize your meal. Loved the ranch on the seasoned fries. Definitely coming back!UPDATE: Be prepared to smell "fried" all day. After I got back to work, I noticed the lingering smell of cooking oil on my clothes. My other 3 co-workers said the same thing. It was pretty bad. If you have to be somewhere after lunch, consider going somewhere else and try this place another time. The management needs to amp up the ventilation system over their equipment.I have to go down to 3 stars instead of 4... But gosh those fries were good!
5	don't judge a book by it's cover. this place has great food. go with the steamed fish tacos!
4	UPDATE #2: OK.... I'm really impressed now. The owner responded to my recent update regarding the ventilation system at the restaurant. He assured me that the ventilation system has been fixed. I haven't been back yet, but other coworkers confirmed that there was no lingering odor when they lunched there on Friday. I'm going to give this place four stars again because the owner seems to be a gentleman who cares about his customers and their experience at his restaurant. I will be back on Wednesday for lunch and I'm really looking forward to it!
5	The food here is everything they say it is, but the small place is not very easy to find, even with a GPS! It's to the right of Panda Express right next door to the Burger King on West Elliot, if that helps. You should enjoy this place while it's still swinging for the fences and being run by the friendly man who started it, because it will surely be a multi-location chain in the near future! Unbelievably inexpensive for the high quality product!
5	Having a house in Ensenada Mexico we would always look forward to the fish tacos there. This place hands down has the best fish tacos for AZ. Fresh fish and shrimp. Salsa and condiment bar was nice and clean. I stopped in on Tuesday for buy two get one taco free deal. I got the fish,shrimp and the "governador" a quesadilla with shrimp and fish. I paid a little extra for the governador but worth it. Each taco has plenty,they aren't stingy here. Nice owners too.  You won't be disappointed. We will frequent more often.  buenos los tacos. Gracias.
4	I really enjoy how everything is made fresh and quickly.  The salsa bar has a wide variety of sauces and toppings.  I also believe it is priced well for what you get.  I would recommend to anyone in the area.
5	This place is AWESOME.  Its pretty normal to compare a fish taco shop to places in baja mexico or rocky point, and this place is not as good as those, ITS BETTER!  I go to Rocky point, san felipe, and ensenada a few times per year and Tortilla Fish blows them away.  I tried the fish taco, the shrimp taco and the "full" taco.  They were all amazing and the salsa / fixings bar has everything you want and it tastes great.  Now I just hope they open a location closer to my house or work so I can go there all the time.
5	Their fish and shrimp tacos are delicious. This place beats the pants off of Rubios or any other fish tacos I have ever had at a restaurant. They do one thing and they do it right!
5	Thanks Yelpers for the suggestion, in town for a few days and looking for a place to get my Taco fix, this place really hit the spot, and the sauce bar was stocked well and the selection of hot sauces was great!
5	Food is excellent, espicially the fish tacos. Love the condiment bar. Every inch of this place is always super clean and one of the best deals around for lunch. I go here at least 3 times a month.
3	This is Fish n Chips with a Mexican flair.  Not sure what all the hype is about, though, if you like Fish n Chips, it's decent.  I just prefer the British version better.
2	I like fish and I like fish tacos so I thought this would be a no brainer. For the money you really don't get much, and it was mostly fried fish in a tortilla anyway. I'd say skip it and go to a legit Mexican place for fish.
5	This is a great small restaurant, great service and food was delicious! Try the Full taco and it was amazing!
4	Tried this place out tonight after seeing a coupon in the mail. This place is in the South Tempe area and although I thought it might be chain like, it actually isn't. We met a gentleman who seemed like the owner or at least a key employee there. He helped us pick our order (I love when folks do that) and also recommended what salsas, toppings and sauce to try for what we ordered. I had the fish taco and the machacha fish taco - both were very yummy! The machacha is steamed fish with plenty of yummy seasoning (ask for a sample if you're curious) and the fish taco is delicious battered fish. The fish tasted fresh and the batter was amazing!! My husband tried the full taco (which he said was really good) and the governer's quesadilla which he wasn't a huge fan of as he felt the shrimp was a bit over-cooked. I would stick to the tacos here. Will definitely be going back as it definitely fulfilled my fish taco craving! YUM!! ps - beware that they close early at 8pm. :)
5	Fish is Alaskan Pollack and fried in a rice oil so they are not greasy at all!  They have a great season stand with cabbage and all of the fixings. A variety of sauces but must tries are their cilantro and homemade ranch from scratch with veggies and all. Small place to sit 20-30 but I will definitely put this one on my frequent list. A great Lenten Season option too!
5	3 for 2 Tuesday's is a steal for this taco shop and the food is made fresh at time of order.The side condiments compliment the tacos perfectly.  Would highly recommend to any taco lovers in the valley to try once.  You will be hooked!Lunch time is packed, so order ahead or go in after
5	I had the steamed fish tacos and they were really big.  I had to eat 2/3 of the filling with a fork before I could pick up the tacos.  These were the best fish tacos I have ever eaten.  They have a filling bar so you can top your fish any way you like.  I will be going back.  They offer steamed or fries fish and/or shrimp tacos.  Next time you go to Costco or Walmart, stop in Tortilla Fish for a taco.  You won't regret it!
5	Great Mexican seafood at a reasonable price. The menu is limited. My wife and daughter shared a Campechano platter (two combination fish/shrimp tacos, plus french fries). I had the Gobernador shrimp quesadilla. They feature a full salsa bar, with cabbage and coleslaw, a mild green sauce, and a spicy and really hot red sauce. They also have a  tartar sauce. All of the sauces are made in the restaurant. The food was very good and -- at this price, combined with the superb service, rates 5 stars. They also serve horchata and jacaima as well as yanqui beverages. The tacos were good; the fish breaded and fried. The shrimp quesadilla was terrific. The fries are fried very crispy (some sort of batter?) but are left for you to season.
5	Found the best fish tacos ever in Tempe AZ. This place was excellent and I have been eating fish tacos all over the world.
5	Stopped in while at the Arizona grand resort for lunch. Lucked out and was taco Tuesday ! Basic menu literally fish and tortillas. Awesome battered fish that you create into spectacular specimens of goodness via the condiment bar. We had the fish, chicken, and our favorite the shrimp. I'll be back! Great service as well.
5	Some of the best fish tacos I have ever had. The fish itself is very tasty (almost has a kind of Cajun seasoning) but the toppings are one of the highlights of the dining experience. They have a great selection of house made salsas, sauces, and other toppings for whatever taco you choose. Currently only offering corn tortillas but I have been told flour tortillas are coming soon. Staff is friendly and helpful. They do a buy 2 get 1 free deal on Tuesdays and the place is small so you may not find a table at lunchtime on Tuesdays! I rarely give out 5 stars but this is one of my favorite places for lunch so it's worth it...and worth you giving Tortilla Fish a try as well!
4	One of the best shrimp tacos I have had in awhile, friendly service as well, the best day is taco Tuesday buy one get one free
5	This place is so good. I love fish tacos and try them everywhere. This place batters and frys the fish as you order it and gives a very generous amount of fish one each taco. The best part is the topping bar where you get to choose what goes on your taco! Sauces are made in house and there are a variety of hit sauces to pick from also. Highly recommend!
5	The best taco fish in the valley!  We need a central Phoenix location ASAP please!!!
4	Very tasty fish taco. The full taco w the chile is a bigger size and very flavorful. I recommend getting one of each.
4	I had the shrimp this time, I the fish was pretty good on my previous visit.  The shrimp was terrific!  One great feature of this restaurant is that you can put what you want on the tacos at the condiment bar. If you love lots of cabbage and onions (which I do), you can load up your tacos till your heart's content. The horchata was okay, I would have preferred less sugar and more cinnamon and nutmeg. They have coke made in Mexico (they still use real sugar there) which is the best! The menu is somewhat limited, but worth a visit.  BTW - the 3 for 2 Taco Tuesday is a GREAT bargain!!!
5	Had the battered fish, and fish machaca tacos with a quesodilla and fries. Everything had such amazing flavor for a very reasonable price. The salsa bar adds endless possibilities of customization. If you thought you liked Rubio's you'll love Tortilla Fish.
4	The portions are small even though in the pictures they look kinda big because the tortillas itself are teeny tiny. You will spend twice as much as you thought you would originally because it is not as filling. For the same money, I can have a FEAST at Cheesecake factory. Just sayin...Also, it seems they use garbanzo bean flour as the batter for the fish and shrimp and it leaves a weird after taste in your mouth.I do like the different sauce and pico de gallo options they have. The service also is very friendly.
4	Delicious food, and reasonable prices! Everything is really fresh! The staff is super nice! Definitely check this place out. I had the fish machaca taco, oh I savored every single bite. This is a comfortable happy place to eat. Yes, they do take out orders over the phone.
5	This place has great fish tacos.  The tacos come plain, however their salsa bar has lots of toppings available. I especially liked their Chipotle sauce. The review that says the portions are small,  I don't know what they're referring to. The tortilla is a regular size corn tortilla,  and it is FILLED with delicious fried fish. The restaurant is small and clean.  The owner I believe is very friendly and attentive.  Just the service alone makes you want to return again.
5	I work in the area and never pack my lunch. I had seen Tortilla Fish but never paid much attention because the suite it inhabits seemed like a black hole for previous businesses. Someone brought in a meal from this place and I took a little piece of fish from his plate and it piqued my curiosity. Later that week I came through to try it out. The first thing I noticed was the clean and tranquil lobby. They like to jam Buena Vista Social Club and Juanes, which isn't too overbearing and plays on the atmosphere well.I ordered the full taco meal, which include two tacos filled with shrimp, fish, and peppers. I watched them batter the shrimp and fish and was already stoked to inhale my meal. Additionally, they have a salsa bar and there are more than a number of combinations. Long story short, the tacos were tight and the fries were addicting (add lime!). I will definitely be back and I hope they continue to keep serving their meals at the bar they have set for themselves.
4	Good tacos, but most everything is battered and fried. I had only a couple options since I'm gluten-free. They were still really good and I will be back!
5	Awesome Fish Tacos.   Had the Full with all the sauces and it was great.Will definitely eat again.
5	This place is awesome. The staff is super friendly and the interior is clean. They fresh fry the fish when you order it, and then you can customize your toppings at their well-stocked taco bar. I like mine with slaw and avocado. So yummy! A great lunch spot, for sure.
4	I stopped by here on my way home.  I like fish tacos and make them myself.  These are very very good. Simple delicious fish tacos, you add your toppings.  Cant get better than this unless you are in San Diego, at the beach, sippin on a beer.  Not 5 stars only because I dont believe in 5-out-of-5 for anything. Always leave room for improvement!
4	excellent! I love their tacos and salsa bar! The food is really fresh and delicious.
5	love this place. this review is based on my second time there. i got 2 fish tacos, 1 shrimp taco, fries, and a drink. the tacos were AMAZING and the salsa bar has a lot of variety. fries were nice and crisp, like beer batterd fries
5	This place is awesome.  Great food; friendly staff.  Superb condiments bar.  Reasonably priced. = Highly recommended!
5	I don't know if I'll ever go back to Rubio's; this place is the bomb! Love the condiments bar so you can make your taco exactly how you want it. Staff is super friendly, and prices are reasonable. Will definitely be going back soon!
5	We still love this place. The new faves are their homemade Ranch on fries and the fish machaca taco... We have even sampled the quesadilla (try El gobernador)... All delish. The owner will make suggestions for what to choose on the salsa bar with your tacos.
5	Great fish and shrimp tacos!  Also have some barbacoa and I think chicken available.  Very similar to the "taco fish" you get in Sonora, Mexico.  Go there on taco Tuesday and eat up.
5	This is my go-to place for fish tacos now for a couple of reasons. One is that everything seems so fresh, and the other is that despite my initial impression that the tacos are small, I always leave here full and satisfied. Honestly, the thing I cannot get over is the condiment bar. It is kept chilled and offers all manner of extra taco fillings... fresh salsas, chopped cabbage, limes, peppers, and the squeeze bottles of creamy sauces. I cannot discern what makes the Ranch Dressing here taste a hundredfold better than any other. Is it real buttermilk? Is it whipped up fresh every day? Do they add extra garlic or spices? I can't place it but it is phenomenal.The other striking thing about Tortilla Fish is that I can no longer eat fish tacos without french fries. Their fries are absolute heaven when you pair them with my own concoction of fry sauce: It's half ketchup and half creamy chipotle dressing. Like their Ranch, the Creamy Chipotle is second-to-none. And the fish taco options keep growing every time I visit. On my most recent pilgrimage, I tried the "full taco" (fish, shrimp, and a cheese-filled yellow hot pepper) and the "fish machaca taco" (steamed and shredded seasoned fish). Both were excellent.I'll admit it. I'm addicted to these fish tacos and fries. And there is no rehab for me, simply more repeat trips to my favorite fish-taco craving destination.
5	The fish machaca taco was great with all the toppings they have available. They have house sauces including ranch which are fantastic. Great service and a very clean, simple atmosphere.
4	The atmosphere of this restaurant is very nice the restaurant was also clean I didn't like the food at first but I'm going to give this place a second chance cuz everybody deserves a second chance.  I didn't realize it was a build your own taco that's why they have a salsa bar with avocado cilantro salsa Pico. Otherwise the restaurant seems clean the cashier was friendly and the place was busy. All good signs that it's a good restaurant to try
5	I found this little shop one day while craving fish tacos about a year ago. The fish tacos are delish! Definitely stop by on TACO TUESDAYS, buy two get one free! The food and staff are great! Really nice looking place always clean. The tacos are also BIG and well worth the price.
5	OK I go to many places for Fish Tacos, but this over the counter place is just fantastic. First the fish is so lightly battered and tender it literally melts in your mouth. The chunky tartar sauce is tangy and rich with flavor and if your like me I add some Hot Salsa to the mix and BAM what flavor.I'm a big guy and 2 tacos fills me up, just fine, so for a quick lunch or like I experience the Fish Taco must have now feeling, this is my place to go.
5	Fantastic fresh fish & shrimp tacos! Go for the Full Taco the cheese stuffed yellow pepper mixed with the fish and shrimp was simple the best seafood taco I have ever eaten. The staff was friendly and quick to make delicious suggestion. Not a huge seating area, but clean and comfortable! Thanks Yelp! Reviewers for a great recommendation... We will making the 15 mile trip for these tacos often!
5	Decided to check this place out based on all the rave reviews. The location threw me a little bit, being located in a strip mall across from Walmart. Once inside however, it's clear the owners really care about the store. Very clean, and the employees are very welcoming.My girlfriend and I split an order of fish tacos and fries. I put their Tatar sauce, coleslaw, hot sauce, and chipotle sauce on mine. My god, the reviews can't do it justice. Let me say that I'm not normally a huge fan of fish, but the fish was so melt-in-your-mouth-delicious, you can't help but fall in love. The fries alone are worth a visit. Even splitting an order, I was full.
5	i must tell you, this place HAS to be THE best kept secret in town!  we went in on a Saturday night and immediately greeted with smiles and suggestions.  the menu is simple, the salsa bar is amazing and the tacos were OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD!!!in the mood for some fish tacos?  look no further.  this is the place to be!
5	I tried this place on a whim for a quick lunch and WOW I am so glad I did!  The manager was so friendly and helpful.  He asked if it was my first time, welcomed me, and made menu recommendations.  The food arrived quickly, and the manager made suggestions for how to dress the fish machaca tacos at their incredible condiment bar.  I followed his recommendations to the letter and the results were INCREDIBLE.  The food quality reminded me of something much higher end, yet my entire bill was less than $10!  Service 5 stars, Food 5 stars, Value 5 stars!!
5	A little far for us normally, but on our way to Ikea and found this place nearby. Decided we were in the mood for some fish tacos. Wow! So glad we did. This place is pretty unassuming. Located in a strip mall across from Wal-Mart. It's small inside, but very clean. Staff is friendly and helpful. They told us the special for the day and pointed out the salsa bar. You order at the counter and are given a number while they prepare it.The menu is basic featuring fish tacos, quesadillas and fries. Everything is made to order. Tortillas made fresh daily! And, the salsa bar is amazing!! Fries are battered and go well with tacos! Who knew?!Best fish tacos ever!!
5	Fast, Fresh, Tasty, Abundant portions, Clean and Friendly, excellent value!  Where else could I have gotten change from a $10 bill and eaten 6 fish tacos and 2 fountain drinks?  The fish was very tasty and their salsa bar over flowed with home made goodness.  Help yourself to chopped cabbage, cole slaw, assorted peppers, pico di gallo, ranch dressing, avocado dressing, chipotle mayo, tartar sauce, and many bottles of hot sauce.  A great addition to the neighborhood Elliot/Priest.
4	Pretty no-frills, but everything is excellent.  The tacos come plain, but you can add your own salsa, cabbage, etc.  Small location, so if you can visit during non-peak hours, you should get a table.  Definitely recommend!
5	Great fish tacos like everyone has said. Salsa bar is extensive and very friendly and helpful owner. Some outdoor seating, inexpensive but doesn't taste cheap.
4	Fish tacos and fries are delicious.  Wonderful little joint for a meal en route to IKEA.
5	Stopped by with the wife on Friday,and PaPow.Very clean inside and the freshness of the food was incredible.Forget Rubios folks,this place rocks.
5	Big portions, delicious food, and friendly service. Can't ask for a better quick stop for high quality food.
4	Went for taco Tuesday. Buy 2 get one free. I tried the Barbacoa, full, and macacha. The macacha was my favorite. It's a little spicy but has great flavor. The babacoa is really good as well. I did not like the battered fish as well in the full, it was a little too salty. They have a great selection on toppings to compliment your tacos as well. I would go back but would wouldn't get the battered fish again.
5	Simply delicious! Ordered my tacos 'naked' (low carb). They're made to order fresh. I tried the Fish Machaca and Full, and would do it again!
5	Second visit, and it was just as amazing as my first! Today I had two "naked" tacos: the Full and the Barbacoa. Both were very good, definitely will have them again. The Barbacoa was very tender and flavorful. And so far, the Full is my favorite!
5	These may be the best fish tacos I've ever had  we go with The Full and the Machaca. Cilantro, chipotle, and avacado in the Full and the spicy sesame oil on the Machacas.If you like fish tacos you cannot go wrong here.
5	The best fish tacos I have ever eaten. Freshly made after you order, and you complete at topping bar thay actually has sauce that is hot.This is.not where you would expect to get great fish tacos... near Walmart in a little shop part of a strip mall next to "meh" national fast food joint in AZ.,
5	Absolutely delicious! All the best toppings available in the salsa bar! Friendly people and great fish tacos. Best I've had in AZ :)
5	Love It! This is the only place where you can get authentic Sonoran shrimp and fish tacos. It's always a risk getting seafood in Arizona but it's super fresh and delicious at Tortilla Fish.
4	My first time here but I would like to go back again. The steam fish was my favorite. The spicy was kicked nicely in my mouth ;). The service was great, they always and explained.
5	Great fish and shrimp tacos!! Try the governador quesadilla which is a combination of both and you won't be disappointed!
3	The fish tacos are really good.  It's just a shame this place is in a Wal-Mart parking lot because the riff raff like to eat here.  On our visit one guy was in handcuffs detained by the police outside (for a non-fish taco related incident) and there were about 20 people crowded around the few tables waiting for someone to leave so they could sit.  Those fish tacos are solid though.
4	I came on taco Tuesday ordered 2 tacos and got the 3rd one free. The tacos are so well served that I could only eat 2 tacos. The 3rd will have to wait for dinner.  I ordered one full one campechana and one barbacoa. The barbacoa was good but not the best I've had. The full is fish and shrimp it was very good. The fish was very tender melt in ur mouth. I loved it.
5	Excellent.Best fish tacos I've had in Arizona and in my top 5 overall. Delicious batter that's crispy but not heavy if that makes sense and a very distinct flavor.Highly recommended.
