3	This may be a new or newer business, I'm not sure. They were great at getting me in with almost no notice for a face wax. They offered me water the moment I entered the door, and had complimentary cookies and fruit out to snack on. The two men working the counter were very professional and courteous. The intake form all places seem to make you fill out asked the typical invasive questions, some of which I left blank as I didn't feel was there business and unlike many places I have been to they didn't try to pry it out of me when I turned it in. A huge positive in their favor, and I was really liking the place for that. The appointment didn't start on time, but the reception made the wait easy and they had free wifi available. The lady who treated me was very nice, she stated that she uses something called "sugar wax" and was preparing it. She  described that it was safer and gentler than other waxes and the same area can be reapplied with it more than once without worrying about the skin getting burned like with other waxes.  Compared to other waxes she was correct about it being gentler, and didn't irritate my sensitive skin. However, it takes longer for them to do. Typically I am use to being in and out in about 15-20 minutes; this appointment took closer to an hour. Also, she seemed to be doing the same areas multiple times and had to tweeze a lot by hand. Also (red flag), at the end of the appointment she didn't offer a mirror so that I could verify that all was ok. At the time I wasn't overly worried about it, paid and left. Then I met up with a friend to do some quick shopping before heading home. My friend noticed my face was pink in some areas and I explained where I'd been. She grabbed me by the chin and checked it out and said she was surprised I was alright with it.... ok, now I'm getting a bit nervous as I tell her that I didn't actually check over the work, just paid and left. She heads me over to a display counter for me to check out the job. While not horrible, my face had strays and wasn't the normal smooth look I received at other places. If I went into full details it would make it sound like I had a full girly beard and mustache, so to save my dignity (some), I'll not go into all the details. She did a good job with the eyebrows, but as far as a full face I was disappointed. However due to the reception and courtesy shown upped my star rating from a 2 to a 3.
1	I purchased the entertainment deal for a hour massage and an hour facial. I got there late which was my fault so they took it off the massage. The lady that did the massage was decent. After I went into another room for the facial. The facial was not the greatest facial, and it was only 30 mins. I purchased it for an hour. The shop was a hole in the wall. The restroom the hot water was not working and also in the massage room there was drywall on the floor. I would not recommend this shop to anyone. Thankfully I had the deal so I did not have to pay full price. I am really disappointed. I was really looking forward to getting a nice relaxing massage and facial. Do not spend your money here. Next time I will spend a little bit more money and go to a better spa.
5	Let me start by saying that I am a very very picky customer. That may be a good thing or a bad thing. Good for me but bad for the specialist I suppose lol. I like things done right and well if I could do it myself, I would but of course that isn't realistic. So once I find someone that does something right I stick to them like glue. Anyways, when I moved out here 4 years ago I was looking for someone to tattoo my eyebrows. I like to retouch them at least once a year. When I first moved out here I got them done with someone, and well I wasn't happy to say the least. Now 3 years ago I found Joanna. I saw her work and I was really impressed. I booked an appt with her and I came to find out that she didn't do the tattoos with a normal tattoo gun like I was used to. She used a pen with a needle (not sure what it's called). It was all done free hand (TALENT). When it was finally done, I looked in the mirror and my eyebrows looked AMAZING! I was so happy :D and now every time I need a touch up she's the only one I will go to. Her work is really incredible. I refer everyone to her that's looking to have any permanent make up done. She listens and does my eyebrows perfectly how I like them. Like I said I'm very picky, but she's always very nice and patient with me and I couldn't be happier. Her staff is also amazing, always very polite and courteous and they make me feel welcomed as soon as I walk through the door. I'm very happy with Delight Day Spa and I will definitely recommend this spa to everyone. Thank you Joanna and staff! :D
2	This place was ok, I would give it 2.5 stars. I bought a living social deal for this place. I liked how their system was all computer based and they emailed me reminders and I could change it online. The living social deal seemed like a good deal but I don't think I got very much of a treatment out of it. The people were all very nice and friendly. I enjoyed talking with the girl who did my facial.Now why the 2 stars? Well, the place itself is a little long in the tooth but I don't really care too much about that if the service is good. I wish that I had read the review before about the eye brow wax. The same thing happened to me. She spent a ton of time doing my brows, and I thought these have to be good. She also did provide a mirror at the end, so when I got in my car I was shocked. My eyebrows were sooo thin, and there was a part that was so thin, it was pretty much bald. So now I am having to fill my eyebrows in everyday. It is very frustrating. They are starting to grow back, but it isnt pretty since I have to let it all fill in. Another part that irked me was that the facial did not include extractions, so she said it was an additional charge. The charge was 15 dollars, that just seems like way too much money for extractions, so with that, the deal really wasnt that great. If you do like this place or want to go, they will still give you the same price for a living social deal even if you do not have a deal, you just need to ask. So all in all, I have just experienced better places with better results so I will not be going back.
1	I purchased a Living Social coupon for this business several months ago. When calling to make an appointment it took almost a month before someone called me back. Once the appointment was made (several weeks out was the 1st available), it was cancelled. I made another appointment, again, several weeks out. Again, the appointment was cancelled due to some "plumbing issues." So, I gave them a final chance...made another appointment, several weeks out. Got a call the NEXT day stating they were under new ownership and no longer accept Living Social coupons. DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE DUE TO THEIR BUSINESS PRACTICES.
1	It was all pretty disappointing. A few friends and I came for facials. We waited 30 min past our appointment time  before any of us could get in. One of the estheticians had a family emergency and couldn't make it. They were nice enough to still take all 4 of us (2 at a time)  but it took a very long time - about 3 hours total, which you wouldn't expect for the services we got. The quality of the facial was questionable. There was no pore-opening steam and I don't know what products she used. The most unfortunate part of our visit though was the quality of service. The esthetician seemed very unenthusiastic about her job and unhappy to be there working with us. Unfortunate for her I realize, but it really dampened the experience for my friends and me. This was my treat for my gals and I was embarrassed to have taken them there. We won't be coming back.
1	Purchased a Groupon for a facial, hydrating mask and 20 minute massage. At first appearance, the place didn't look that great. Upon entering, it was clear that the outside appearance wasn't in deceit. There was some pop radio station playing with not so appropriate music and the front desk girl didn't seem enthusiastic or friendly at all. The front desk girl left and locked the door behind her, since the only employee left in the building would be doing my facial. The girl that did my facial wasn't friendly or pleasant either. The room for facials didn't look very clean and I was glad the lights were dimmed in order for me not to notice anything more than I already had. During the facial the girl put on some relaxing tunes, but there was a ticking clock on the wall and I could still hear the music coming from the front desk area. Then, some new employees must've entered because I heard a lot of loud banging. The facial was relaxing for the most part, but I was confused because I never received a 20 minute massage. I did get a face massage, but it was only for like 5 mins. After I was done, I decided to take a peek at the products and I was disappointed to see things I could buy at Wal-Mart and Sally's. When I went to use the restroom, it was in an area that seemed to still be under construction. I wouldn't recommend this place and I won't be going back. Needs better staff, a makeover and quality products for a start. Good parking, though. ;-)
1	Went to redeem my two massages and complimentary drink. The drink was a kiwi strawberry water. The reception area had stained seats. No smells of aroma therapy or soothing music. Asked to use the ladies room .. the rugs look like they had never seen a washer. The voucher was for two people and the appointment was for two of us. When we arrived they only had one operator and he would have to take turns. HUH???We excused ourselves and left ... no way I was taking off anything or laying on anything in there.
1	I scheduled 2 facials and 2 massages a week in advance as I was having company and we were going to have a ladies day out.  We arrived 15 min early for our 1000 appts, no one was there when we arrived.  I called but wasn't impressed with the response.  I felt bad when one gal showed up at 1005 to learn we had appointments, she said she hadn't been told.  We ended up restructuring the rest of our day hoping to still have our services.  We exchanged a few calls as she said she would try to find someone. We did not get our services and I will not go back nor recommend anyone else go there.
1	The person in charge (Tina?) lied to me when I showed up (& was there early as requested!) for my massage appt. First, hrs of operation are on door (Sat 10-4) but No-one was there! I called TWICE. First time no-one answered so I left a msg. Called back 15 min later as I'm waiting outside & Tina told me her esthetician quit on her LATE at Night Before my appt. She didn't bother to call me then or this a.m. before I drove Forty minutes out of my way. I then asked her if the esthetician does the massage as well or is it a masseuse because my appointment was for a massage not a facial. She said, " oh my masseuse didn't show up this morning, its been a rough day. so I can give you a free facial or you can call Groupon and get your money back. " I told her I would just call Groupon. I use Groupon all the time, this is my first horrible experience with one of its vendors. I will never go back to this place nor do I recommend it obviously.
