4	I went here with a group of 50 kids (I was a pseudo chaperone - I didn't have to be there, but I walked there to drop them off, but then got talked into playing a game.This place can get from mild to wild.  You've got kids walking in off the street ready to play, groups of 30+ who have scheduled appointments, and then you've got the hard core enthusiasts who come dressed in black ninja gear, ready for one of the Laser Quest "lock down events".  I had a great time running around the 3 levels of laseriffic fun, but after each of our 3 20 minute rounds, I was dripping in sweat!Great place for something different to do as a one time thing, but also perfect for those gamers who are into this all the time!  Worth a stop by - very friendly & accomodating staff!
4	Do they really expect you not to run? Seriously? I'm sorry, but when I see a posse of waist-high brats racing towards me in a blacklight-lit maze, I'm tearing in the other direction, thank you. That said, Laser Quest's field was a heck of a lot of fun. I'm sure we would have spent more time there if the kids hadn't already been tuckered out. Both kids said they'd never seen a laser-tag course of its ilk: three stories high and incredibly well designed with nooks and crannies. I just wish that pint-sized brats weren't allowed after certain hours.Kudos to the management for refunding my money when I was forced out of half a game due to my gun not working. They at first said they don't give refunds, but when they offered me a free game and I said I was from out of town, they relented. Thanks, guys. That sort of service is very much appreciated.
4	pew-pew-pew! I love lasers, and I have to admit, even all these years out of High School, I still love playing Laser Quest. It's a lot of fun and this is one of the better ones I've been to. The key is a fun playing field. It's two levels and big, much bigger than the one I'm used to right across the street from the Computer History Museum. The folks are friendly, and while there are still those kids who are just too darn good, it's mostly a ton of fun. With groups, it's even better. The prices here are also really good, which is odd since I'm used to over-paying.
4	Oh god, the kids. They follow you everywhere. Ever had 4 kids chase you through narrow passageways? You feel like a fox being chased by hunting dogs. Lord of the Flies, man.Honestly though, it's a great place to burn some energy while soaking in black lighting. The outside, like many Montreal (Ste Catherine) establishments, doesn't look like much. The inside? Not much either, but the play space feels huge. Seems much larger than most laser tag places.Watch your 6.
4	It's bigger on the inside. This place looks like a tiny hole in the wall from the street. Then you walk up the stairs and see this warehouse-like place and you haven't even gotten inside the arena yet! The staff here was friendly and the guy moderating the game was not overbearingly strict and yelling at you if you skipped instead of walked (because I would NEVER run from a little three year old making a name for himself off of shooting the woman who feels bad retaliating...). The arena is huge. It's three stories and massive. My hubby and I made a stop here during our honeymoon (we're big kids) based off a vague description and recommnedation from a salesman who sold us our mattress in New Jersey (thanks, Dave!). Small world.He did not steer us wrong and I would have loved to play more games, but I was sweating like crazy after the first one ended and that was only 20minutes long! Definitely a fun activity whether you are a young person or a family or a couple looking to bond in a special way (what is more romantic than having your significant other's back while under fire??).
4	Why why why don't I play laser tag more often? It is SO much fun! And I think the prices here are quite reasonable. I compare many things to the price of a pint in MTL which I'd say is around $7-8...One game (~20mins) of laser tag was less than 10$, so like an expensive pint of beer, but for your additional toonie you get:-To stalk your friends in the dark (or strangers, whatevs)-To pretend you are in an action film!-To trash talk!! And to come up with a super cool handle-To run around, up and down, or just chill in a corner and shoot laser beams at an angle into a mirror to shoot unsuspecting victims.What's not to love?! If you have a group and on a timeline, make a reservation! We showed up on a saturday at 5pm and had to wait til 6:15 to play (but luckily those pints I was referring to earlier were just around the corner to hold us off). We were 9 "adults" (questionable) and fun was had all around. Enjoy!
