4	I moved to Phoenix a month or two ago and this was the closest sports bar that a) had delicious wings and b) was willing to let me watch hockey on the big HD screen. They have daily food and drink specials and some especially great $5 deals on the weekend. I'm addicted to chicken wings and The Dirty Drummer delivered. I'd recommend you spend an extra buck and a half on the grilled wings (but ask for some hot sauce on the side). I'll never turn down an invitation to The Dirty Drummer, especially during hockey season!
4	I know I don't normally frequent chains, but I figure as long as they are local, I am still supporting the mom and pops of the world and not just another cookie cutter big box restaurant.  I have been going to this dirty drummer all summer.  My attention was first piqued by their $1.00 burger special served all day.  Sadly the price has doubled but at $2.00 for a 1/3 lb. burger (.50 for cheese and .75 for bacon) you are still doing much better than going to the end of the block and eating at McDonald's.  This is a great dive to hit up at lunch. The servers are very friendly, the food is served quickly and is all delicious.  I stuck with the burger today and got an order of wings to split with a buddy.  Right now the wings are 12 for $5.00 and they are great.  While I know that is far from the best price in town for wings, I figure I am getting a deal on the burger and the quality of the food overall more than makes up for it.  I believe a dozen is normally 7.50.  There are plenty of tv's (yes hd and widescreen) as well as a couple of video games/pinball machines and a pool table.  Also, the place is wi-fi enabled which is nice when you have to finish up a last minute report and there is nowhere in the office to do so that also has espn and a cold beer available.  Speaking of, 60 oz pitchers of Miller Lite (not my favorite) are only 7.00 during the summer.  So getting out of there with tax and tip for lunch is still under 10 bucks for lunch which makes this a solid choice whenever the thought of burgers comes into play and we are at the office. I haven't tried their breakfast yet and I it may be difficult to get over there to try it once Lo Lo's opens up in a week but I am going to try and make it there one of these days.  Always good and always consistent. Oh and one more thing; with the weather being as it is these days, it is nice to be in a dark, air conditioned place for an hour or so. It is kind of like eating in a man cave. It's all good. Go and try it.
4	Great grub after a night out! Their chicken wings are yummy. They have oodles of TVs around the place so you can catch any sporting event on. Breakfast is SUPER GOOD and the portion sizes are large. Prices are definitely within everyone's budget. They do a great job here and the waitresses are saucy gals with great memories. Always get my order correct. Bonus!!
3	Yes, I can honestly say that I have actually visited this little dive bar off of Scottsdale Road and Thomas; the same little dive bar that I've probably passed by a thousand times over the last five years. It was Saturday night, we had 40 minutes before the start of the final A's spring training ballgame of the season and we were hungry. Knowing that most restaurants were overtaken with tourists and those out for a night on the town, we started driving and came across The Dirty Drummer...and we went in! The Dirty Drummer is exactly what you would expect when looking at it on the outside. However, it has an odd charm and character to it at the same time. When I walked inside, I noticed that the walls were lined with TVs - and nice flat screen ones at that. It's probably the perfect place to watch a game. Pool tables welcome guests for a game and a tables surround the bar that sits in the middle of the room. The food itself is decent. It's bar food and exactly what you would expect bar food to be. The homemade potato chips were tasty. The grilled wings with extra sauce were good and so were the burgers. The bar is a dive but it's clean which is a plus. It's at times like these that I wish I could add a half point to my review because while I can't give The Dirty Drummer four stars, I think it's a solid three stars (plus a half of one if yelp allowed) and I plan on coming back again in the very near future!
3	Their wings are pretty good, go up 1 level from what you think you want - I got the medium and they were more like bland.  The $1 burgers can't be beat, I would recommend opting for the cheese for an additional 0.50 (for month of August only)The breakfast isn't as great.  Their potatos are not very good at all..  Their bacon is not thick sliced.  I'll stick with my Ole Brass Rail for great traditional breakfast food on the cheap.I do like the atmosphere and the great specials they run.  The food ranges from edible to pretty good.
4	Love this place! Great friendly staff, food is tasty for a bar and cold beer! What more can you ask for?
4	One of the things I missed while I lived in Vegas was dive bars.  We didn't have too many of those.  So, I was pleasantly surprised to find this place when some friends invited me to a birthday party here.Here's why I like it:+ The bar is a small circle bar in the center of the joint.  + It has 2 pool tables (space is kind of tight though).+ It has character.  The regulars in there look like they've been coming into the joint every day for decades.  The bartenders have a little attitude.+ I love the name...it just sounds cool.Overall, it was a fun night.  Can't wait to go back.  No Craft Beer served here though (to be expected).Return Factor - 90%
5	I love this place.  Growing up in AZ I would see TDD's around but somehow, miraculously, I didn't stop in much.The Scottsdale Dirty Drummer is the perfect mix of diner food and dive bar...  and when you think of Dive Bar, don't think "dirty" think inexpensive.  The food is out of control - good and fresh.  They like their sports there and you can bet if there is a game of any kind, it is on.There is a large bar in the center that has plenty of seats for bar perching.  Plenty of booths and tables and a Pool Table.They offer daily specials but I would have to say Wednesday Wing Day is amazeballs.  Get them GRILLED!Tommy, one of the owners is a super cool guy, willing to chat.  He is offering one of the best deals in town until JULY - $1.50 burgers!  I know what you are thinking...  a piece of crap $1.50 burger...  but you would be wrong.  The burgers are legitimate and DAMN good.  Go get one.P.S. - Don't be the A**hole that gets a water and a burger...  Go in thirsty, buy some brews and you are basically getting a free burger.  He is basically giving them away.They also do Breakfast on the weekends, so when you are tired of waiting 1/2 hour at the trendy spots, go here and get fed quick.Cya there
4	Good Sammy.
3	Home of the $1.50 burger!!! But their wings are really good, grilled or regular. Always a local crowd at the bar watching games on theor millions of screens. Bartenders are all very attentive, beer is cold. They have specials Tues and Wed.  LIke half price wings and tacos. No complaints. Nice, homey joint. Oh and they have a $3 breakfast!! For the morning after.
4	Don't you ever just NEED to duck into a dark dive bar, down a brew or four, and keep your head down?  Well I do, and you wouldn't think it would be so easy in squeaky clean Scottsdale.I stumbled on this place, then stumbled in and was in dark dive bar heaven.  Blue Moon on tap and a damn good burger.  'Nuff said.
5	First off, let me start by saying that Matt S....you sound like a real  wanker!!!!   Duh- you can't bring any open container into a bar.  It is technically illegal, so stop whining like a little girl.  Jeeze.  This place is wonderful.  The food is great., they have the best burgers in Phoenix.  Yes, there is an extra charge for cheese.  They have to pay for it, why should you get if for free?  All I know is that every time that I have been in here, the servers were awesome.  This is a DIVE BAR PEOPLE!!!!  That means that little pricks like Matt here probably won't have a good time.
1	Gone!- Drummed out of business!!!
