3	Nice place to go and have a drink and watch sports. It's not very big on the inside and the bar is not very large either. The wait staff is friendly, but during happy hour, they don't come very often to the tables around the bar. Going up to the bar might be your best bet.  The potato skins are really good...they are thin, so you get about twenty or so on the plate. They are a tad on the greasy side, which makes them even better.  The other food is just OK...nothing really spectacular. The croutons they use in the caesar salad are odd tasting, and I don't like when places used chopped lettuce in caesar salads. I prefer the larger leafs.  The beer selection is medium sized...a little smaller than what I would think a place that bills itself as a taproom would offer.
4	There was time in my life that I was at Keegan's at least once or twice a week (don't judge me!) and here's the scoop on what you should order:Sliders and a Stella. They have prime rib sliders, with a zesty horse radish Dijon mix that's outstanding.Look at the menu board, but Thursday nights should be Yankee Pot Roast night. Potato Skins. Big plate and good enough to share.
4	Tired of the loud and over-crowded bars and clubs? Tired of over-hearing the stupidest conversations known to man? Tired of people who give a rat's ass about their waist size and designer shoes? Allow me to introduce you to Keegans. So many spots around the Valley will be crowded, loud, filled with obnoxious people. When you feel like going out but not battling your way in the door or fighting for a table, consider Keegans. Even on a Friday evening, there's plenty of room for you. I can't vouch for their food, though the menu offers some pretty appealing sandwiches, burgers, salads and apps. Best of all, I like the laid back atmosphere of their patio. Sure, it shares itself with a parking lot, basically, that grants you a view of busy Camelback Road or the hustle of Delux. But, while people are zipping in and out of traffic or waiting at least an hour for a seat, you relax without a care in the world. In a way, you're flippin' the finger to all those prissy pansies who think cramming into Delux for dinner is an ideal way to waste a night away. Try the Sundog Amber Wheat. They have this chilled and ready for you. It's a damn fine wheat beer, if you ask me. (Definitely a new fave.)When I'm in the mood to go out but to still be removed from the annoyances of people, I'll return to Keegans. It gets my seal of approval. After all, what a novel concept: I can hear what my companion is saying!
4	Service is slow.... so don't go here if you are in a rush. The outdoor patio is really awesome. The food is fantastic! I LOVE the nachos. They are so, so good. They make the tortilla chips fresh and they are super thin.
4	Not too bad. It's a upscale sports bar.  Food is pretty good and they always have wine/drink specials.  Usually not many people in there.  I need to put this in rotation more often, maybe a lunch or pregame stop before going out one night.
3	Keegan's is a nice pub style place with tv's placed perfectly for sports watching.  Our service was attentive and friendly and they have a nice selection of beers in the bottle and on draft.   The crowd is friendly and unpretentious.   The food, however, is just decent.  The spinach artichoke dip was runny and the chips served with it could have been crispier.  The fish and chips were good and didn't leave us disappointed.  Between the appetizer and the fish and chips, we were full.  I'll be back again, but more for the overall experience not so much the food.
4	A great upscale sports bar/pub. The food was pretty good and they had fresh baked pie!!!....not a regular thing on a pub menu....try their Fish and Chips!!! oh they hit the spot. Sport a seat in one of their booths near the front so you can see the flat screen tvs - service was good too.Always a great place to stop in on the Camelback corridor.
3	My husband and I used to frequent the Keegan's in Ahwatukee, but we have moved from that area and are slightly closer to this Camelback location. We ate breakfast at this location for the first time yesterday.I found the service to be a bit slow, but our server was very polite and accomodating.I ordered the cinnamon brioche french toast. I would go as far to say this is the best french toast I have ever eaten. It was so moist and tasty! I like the set up of the Ahwatukee location better. The bathrooms at this location are not as nicely kept as the 'tukee location.I'll definitley be back for Sunday brunch again for some of that great french toast and hope to check it out for dinner some night. Keegan's usually has some good, home cooking dinner specials, so when I'm too lazy to cook my own meatloaf I'll head here on a Monday night.
4	I've been to this bar on several occasions, a couple times for happy hour and a couple times paying retail.  I seem to be hooked on their nacho mama's chips because every so often I get a strong craving for them.  They're different from the typical chip, its somehow puffed up.  The salsa that comes with it is a good accompaniment and I always end up going through at least 1 refill of it.  I usually don't like the cheese melted on top method that solidifies halfway through (versus the nacho cheese sauce), but it goes well with the chips.  I think if you have 3-4 people and you share its perfect, portion wise and cheese wise.The sliders are ok, pretty typical.  Kinda dry, I like to cover mine with ketchup.  The crapcakes are good, but pretty small.  I keep meaning to try some of the dinner items on the menu.  The beer is kinda pricey retail - it was $5 for draft hefeweisens when i went last night.  It wasn't happy hour but geez..
2	First Yelp review...Keegan's was within walking distance so we checked it out for happy hour. The beer was flat, however the bartender switched it so that was decent. We had the grilled wings which were more charred than grilled. The sliders were alright.The bad experience is probably my fault as they are apparently known for their specialty burgers.Side note, what's a Taproom? they only had about 5 beers on tap?
4	I have only been here one time but I will say that I am a fan of the food and the staff. This place is definitely a Phoenix original and I can only image on the photos on the wall are from it's glory days of Phoenix locals that made this place what it has been over the years. A great little pub to get good food & good service!I would definitely go back.
3	I knew of Keegan's from long ago when a frequent biltmore guest I used to work for went there during every stay. They were 80+ so I always figured I wouldn't like it. While missing a Suns game, which is something I never do, I decided to drop into Keegan's for some grub and some ball on tee vee.First off, service was slow and indifferent. I had to ask for the game to be turned on several times. Finally when I was about to walk across the street to Donovan's, they turned it on. Problem is they turned it on a TV across the bar that I couldn't see... really? Food came slow, nobody came back to check on me, and my glass of iced tea sat empty most of the night. Menu actually had some non old people selections. I went for the Filet Strogonoff, which was delightful. two healthy pieces of filet with egg noodles, mushrooms, and gravy. I found it to be quite enjoyable, and would have liked the steak alone as well (something I didn't expect) as it was extremely tender and carried a nice seasoning with rosemary.Yeah, the atmosphere was total old people. It seemed like a great place to go at like 10am on a sunday to watch the final round of a golf tournament. Lots of blue hairs there as well, and at 25 I was probably half the age of the next youngest person. It feels like a low end steakhouse. Lots of dark woods, bronze, and greens. Like a 1970's golf clubhous, which is ok, but definitely not for everyone.
5	My new favorite restuarant/bar as it is a relaxing hangout.  Great food at great prices.  Staff is always good and they keep your drinks full.  There tuna sandwich is awesome.  The fries are not greasy at all.  I wish I would have discovered this place a long time ago.
4	This is a great place to have a business lunch meeting, the food is great, services is fast, prices are ok.  One of these days I'm going to hang-out here for a few hours and have a few beers.
4	Great place to go for lunch.    They are always busy; service is excellent and the food good.     Their sandwiches are especially good.   Highly recommend.       You will not be disappointed.         If you enjoy looking at pictures it is a great place to see important people.
5	I love this place.  Great food, great service from some of the nicest staff, and just a fun place to go.  It is also a place I like to meet people for happy hour.  They have a wonderful selection of beers, fantastic wines, and I have never once had anything but great food while eating there.
4	Recently found a Keegan's Grill in the neigborhood. Some say it's a chain restuarant . I don't know but it doesn't feel like one nor does the menu.I went to happy hour today and had nachoes for $4 and could not finish them. They were so good yet very simple. The flour tortilla chips they make and use are awesome. They are light and crunchy and tasty and take nachoes with cheese to a new level! Even with Salsa they are greatI also sampled the hot artichoke dip with one of these chips also and found it to be very good also.Bartender Mellisa does a good job fixing everyone drinks and recognizing the regulars.also they offer two happy hours a 3pm - 6:30 pm and a night one also.
5	Really enjoyed myself! We went here for dinner and a drinky. Tuesday special is chicken fried steak. It was pretty good, 8 out of 10. Reverse happy hour starts at 8. Half off appetizers and dollar off drafts. Had a house merlot for 2.50 that was pretty dlish. I will definitely be back here!Happy hour starts at 8 PM... Awesome! Food is Awesome! My new favorite place! Go there...NOW!
5	My boyfriend and I have just recently discovered Keegan's and we are in love. The fact that their happy hour starts at 8 is by far the BEST thing ever. It also makes it our go to place. I'm pretty sure in the last two weeks after we 1st visited we've been back 5 or 6 times. The prices are perfect, the service is great and the food is really delicious. I wasn't putting a lot of hope in the food but everything that we've tried has been very good. My only suggestion would be that they turn down the grill and cook the food a bit longer. I had to have them remake one of my sliders and I've seen other situation were people asked for their food to be cooked more. But the food tastes so good that it isn't even an issue for me or my usually very picky boyfriend :) we just make sure to have them cook everything well. All in all, I dig this place and will continue to visit every few days or so.
5	Perfect place for business lunch, as well as homemade comfy dinner -  quick, healthy, tasty, cheap and servers are very attractive.
3	Hmmm, what can I say about Keegan's Grill?  I'm a rib lover so I remember the ribs fondly, however, it had strong pros and cons... with more cons than pros.  The pros were the ribs and the comfy casual feel of the restaurant.  The ribs were delicious... wish I'd have ordered them.  We got a full rack thinking we'd have leftovers but, finished them all.The cons... my shrimp pasta dish was really really watery and weak.  It was also luke warm... so much so that I worried later about possibly getting sick (I didn't).  I would have had it warmed more but, our pretty blond server was not very attentive.  It was a really busy night but, drinks went out and we waited long periods of time for... everything.  Normally I don't mind that too much but this was enough for even me to notice. Would I come back?  Yes... for the ribs.  But if I have another lukewarm experience... it probably won't be worth the drive for a 3rd trip.  Might see ya there.
3	One-Visiting from Austin,TX.  This might imply that I like my food on the spicy side so my review should be taken with a grain of salt.Two-the online menu sounds fantastic. Reasonably priced,  and somewhat regionally sourced food.Three-Which came first?  The chicken or the egg?  Or in relation to Keegan's, the geriatric clients who pay the bills and fill the restaurant OR the menu items which start out sounding so promising and end up being bland, bland, bland which caters to the existing clientele.  I tried the fish and chips, with a beer sampler.  It's usually pretty hard to screw up.  The slaw consisted of fresh cut cabbage and other vegetables smothered in 99% mayo.  No sweetness of pickles or relish to counteract the creaminess of the mayo. The panko breaded fish was well prepared, but boring. Crunchy on the outside, moist on the inside, and tasteless.  Frozen fish sticks have more flavor.   My wife had the natural sourced burger, overcooked to medium well, served without mustard or mayo, not even on the side.  Both dishes came with fries, nicely cooked, but then over salted at the end.Keegan's is a comfy, well staffed, restaurant serving safe standards cooked safely.  Your parents will love it.
3	I have been going here, to this location since 2005. The food is OK, some dishes better than others. None are bad. I usually get the special for dinner and a Black and Tan for the drink. Over all the service is a hit or a miss. Some times I get great service, other times it is very lacking. So they get three stars for that. The beer and drink selection is good. I have never had bad service at the bar. It is a good place go to watch a game on TV and have a few beers. I will be back because the food is consistently OK.
3	in the interest of full disclosure, i have a seventeen-year old son named KEEGAN. no relation but it was that and the great service that kept me from giving this place two stars.the manager worked the dining room, running plates from the kitchen, visiting guests and generally overseeing things. MERCEDES, our server, was attentive. the hostess (usually the most useless person in any restaurant) was not only gracious and welcoming, she buzzed around busing tables and wiping down the drink station when she wasn't greeting folks at the door. on saturday night there was mostly an older crowd (read geriatric) and by by 7:30 when we finished dinner the place had pretty much emptied out.we ordered GREY GOOSE martinis and if we actually got GREY GOOSE (or any other premium vodka) i'd be shocked.the THAI COBB SALAD (very clever name) was okay but not remotely THAI. hate it when the sous chef leaves six inch stems on the spinach. the "spicy lime dressing" was drab. there were sunflower seeds instead of peanuts and lots and lots of dried cranberries (cranberries ??). did it occur to anybody to throw in some cilantro ?? i appreciate a little poetic license as much as the next guy but come on ...the wife's ONION SOUP was (again) just okay. the soup itself was bland and the caramelized onion flavor very poorly developed. the kid's CHEESEBURGER SLIDERS were overcooked and the fries old and soggy. the MUD PIE my wife and i ordered for desert looked awfully good. i didn't get to try any. it's arrival set off such a feeding frenzy between my wife and daughter, i was afraid to stick a spoon in for fear of losing a finger.all and all, not a great dining experience.as far as dinner goes, i would say the bar and kitchen let the front of the house down with bad recipes and poor execution.
5	They have the BEST wings...not fried! They now offer grass fed and hormone free burger...YUM!
4	Only had soup and salad and it is hard to mess it up but the soup (lentil) was delicious and most importantly it was hot. The house salad was adaquate.  Service was friendly and timely. I would recommend this bistro for its price and food
4	5-stars for all the natural and grass-fed meats on the menu, and some of the best wings (not greasy) anywhere in the valley.  The service has been great when we've come mid-afternoon.  But a visit at 5:30 had us waiting at our table so long with no waitstaff anywhere in sight we just got up and left.  We always sit in the bar, and are happy hour fans.  Fans of the food.  The drinks are fine - but not extensive.  If you want comfortable booths in the bar with beer and wings - this is a good place to go.
4	Dark, quiet, cool and comfortable. Not the place to go for excitement. It's not a young energetic atmosphere. No, this is a place for the grown-ups to sit around and enjoy a clubby type atmosphere. It's relaxing.The happy hour specials are good, and extend through whatever football game happens to be on.I had the "Son of MOAB": A large hamburger on an egg bread roll. Not a bad deal at $6 for the combo.
4	I had dinner here tonight, and loved the entire experience! The patio was roomy, our server was quick, and the food was delicious! I ordered the Thai Cobb salad and really enjoyed the unique, healthy flavor! My dinner was priced fairly and I got a lot of food. I will be going back
4	I stopped by Keegan's to eat corned beef and cabbage on St. Patrick's Day. I've never ordered this dish before so I didn't know if I was going to like it or not. I ended up loving it!  The corned beef was lean and tender and the veggies were perfectly seasoned. I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. I'd definitely come back to try other items on the menu.
3	Met up with a group of friends here on a Monday night... a big group. Although Keegan's had no notice of our mob arrival they did well with service etc. Beers were poured fast; food took a little extra time but with a group our size that is to be expected. The outside patio space was great on a warm AZ night... a friend got the sliders and said they were quite tasty when they finally arrived. The happy hour prices are okay with a nice choice of beers and mixed cocktails.
4	I went here on 9/7 with an old family friend.  The food was good, the drinks were good, and the service was excellent.  Our waitress was very attentive and pleasant.
2	I normally love Keegans. I especially love the Keegans on Ray and 48th street; great food and service!!! I just recently heard about the Camelback location's remodel. I had previously been there and it needed a face lift. Tonight I went in with ym family. The atmosphere looks amazing... Great job with the remodel! However, I had really a really poor experience. My dad arrived first and a male server came over to greet him (he ordered a beer and water). Then I arrived... No one came over for like 10 minutes. Then my mom arrived and still no one for about another 5-8 minutes. I flagged down another server and told her we needed our server. She looked at me all shocked, and said "Oh, ok Ill try and find who it is". Not a very professional response. Anyway, we finally get another girl, who was very sweet, and she said she'd be helping us. As she was getting our drinks the male server finally returned, didn't address us, but asked our "new server" to just take the table and passed her my dad's beer... Really unprofessional. We ended up having great service with our new server. The only other thing that bothered me, was that I ordered the taproom steak sandwich. I have had this several times over the years at all 3 locations. Tonight I got it and it looked like half the normal portion! What happened Keegan's did we skim back? It was literally 2 small steaks (maybe 1.5lbs each instead of the normal 3lbs each). I just think that's really skimpy for a $14 dollar meal. I hope this is helpful criticism because I do love the Keegan's restaurants and normally have good service. I was just really disappointed tonight and thought you needed to know!
2	Keegans definitely has changed a lot since I was younger and used to go there weekly for their pot roast special. The layout is smart and the decor is ultra-modern bar"ish". The service was good, in fact, we felt that our server took good care of us,  but the food was Blah to be kind.This place needs to figure out what it wants to be. If they want to be a bar, then the terrible food is fine, but if they want to be a returant, there needs to be way more quality control in the kitchen. I ordered the grilled flat iron steak ordered medium and I got a seared piece of meat completely cool (RAW) in the middle. So I politely pointed out that this meat was still able to MOOO and requested that it be brought up to temp. It came back a couple of minutes later only to be seared some more with now a rare, at best, middle. I gave up; I really wasn't interested in having a hockey puck piece of meat left after another re-fire. The plate also consisted off what they call a baked cheddar potato which in all reality is some kind of stringy shredded potatoes (Hash browns)  with some creamy cheese concoction on them then they were broiled for a few seconds to crust up the outside. They were very weird, their flavor was almost that of boxed au gratin potatoes and their consistency was that of the inside of a tater tot. In Fact (BREAKTHROUGH) I just came up with a great name for them other than Baked Cheddar Potatoes,,,,,,Wait for it,CHEESY SHREDDED TOTTSAlso note, when ordering the Taproom steak sandwich, what they forget to mention on the menu is that it's an open faced sandwich which can be fine if you know that going in, but we had to ask for a top for the sandwich because there is absolutely no mention of it...Sorry, I wanted a sandwich, not a piece of meat on bread...
5	My new home away from home.  As soon as I walk into Keegan's....the bar and waitstaff remember me and indulge in awesome conversation.  I always meet and have fun with the patrons as well.  It is like a family reunion....And the food is amazing as well.  And please always remember to make room for their cobbler :)  Prices are very reasonable - and Happy Hour is a menu you can't beat.  (Football Sundays is also an all day happy hour as well)
4	This was the second time I visited for their late night happy hour. It starts at 8pm and includes a bunch of very good $4 appetizers and $3 well drinks and craft beers and $4 margarita's. My food choices were two sliders on pretzel buns yesterday, that had carmelized onions and cheese. On a previous visit, I had the potato skins which were great and served with a chipotle sour cream which really stood out. Place was fairly empty on both visits after 8pm, so plenty of room at the bar also.
4	Haven't been to this place in a couple of years so was totally surprised when we walked in the door. They have completed remodeled since our last visit - from darkish and pub-like, to open, bright and modern. Three of our group ordered the firecracker shrimp tacos and said they were delicious - not spicy as the name implies. The South by Southwest chicken was good, a tad bit dry, but flavorful. The margaritas were delicious!! Not sicky-sweet so they went down easy...maybe a little to easy!They have specials - one was the Maryland-style crab cakes. One of our group is from Maryland and warned us that when you see "style" in the description of a Maryland crab cake to stay away! They are Maryland crab cake wannabes! We took his advice.The staff was friendly and attentive. Hopefully it won't be years before we return. We had a great experience and I'm ready for another one of those margaritas!!
4	Finally tried this neighborhood spot! Great happy hour prices.  Really good food - not your average bar food.  Had ribs and Mac and cheese (so good!) spicy shrimp app was tasty.  Good service and enjoyed the music when we were there.  Good mix of people and will definitely be going back!
2	Keegan's is in my neighborhood and I have driven past it many many times and surprisingly have never eaten here.  Went in today for breakfast around 10:30 and it was not the best experience, the food was OK  but I highly doubt I will go back.  First off the hostess seemed to be sick, she had the sniffles and literally said "sorry, I'm still asleep," as she sat us down. Then she set our table and touched every single part of our utensils with her unwashed hands.  After she had been yawning, sniffling and touching the door and menus.  I'm not a big germa-phone but this is not very appealing as I'm about to eat.  Then our waitress came along and was not familiar with the menu at all.   She was still friendly and attentive, but overall not the greatest experience.   Next time I think we'll try Noca next door.
4	Finally tried the real food here and so far everything was still good. The creamy chicken tortilla soup was off the charts. Some guy at the other side of bar kept those bowls coming. I only had one which was part of the 1/2 sandwich/soup deal. The chicken salad was big chunks of white chicken with some cashews on top, but missing the celery and chive promised on the menu. Still good, but this soup stole the show. All day happy Hour on Saturday as well.
3	Nice place for weekday Happy Hour.  Sizable patio and a solid selection of drinks. The wait staff is very polite and engaging.
4	Ok, now I went back and tried the dinner specials and the food is pretty impressive. On Wednesdays in May, they have 4 choices for $11. I opted for the 1/2 rack of baby back ribs, which were very good with all the meat falling off the bones. The Southern BBQ sauce was excellent also, more on the sweet side. Side dishes were an interesting version of cheddar potatoes. It was a hash brown cake that was crusted over nicely with cheddar running through the middle. A good, solid rough chop cole slaw was also included.    Bartender was nice, but she talks more with the regulars (which appeared to be everybody, but me that night). Still, her looks overcome her personality, so no worries on that front.
4	French Onion Soup - fail - not enough cheese (no bubbling over bowl standard reached), just a rookie version.Tomato/Feta Hummus - Excellent, plenty of pitas, good dose of kalamata olives and cucumbers, even a small kick. Great at any price, but $4 Happy Hour.Salmon - dad loved the small plate. Excellent sauce.Blueberry/Peach Cobbler - not the best cobbler ever due to lack of that crumbly topping that should be an automatic. Ice Cream was great and the cobbler did work well overall.Tale of two bartenders - dude with glasses not that friendly, boring.Female always nice and has a personality. She should be modeling.
4	I came in for dinner last night, had a good experience. The place was busy but still had a few seats open at the bar and a few tables open.I ordered the grilled pork porterhouse, with the green chile mac and cheese and baby dill carrots. The sides were nothing special - the mac and cheese probably could have used a little more cheese or chiles, but the carrots were about what I would expect. The pork was excellent, and came with a side of a weird blueberry applesauce which was very good.For dessert, I had a carrot cake, which wasn't on the menu but must have been a special or something. To be honest, it didn't look that exciting on the outside, but it actually tasted very good. One of the better carrot cakes I've had.Seems like a friendly place, a good place for either happy hour or a meal.
5	We have thoroughly enjoyed Keegans new remodel and menu!  How fabulous to be able to order two fantastic meals, each $11.00!!  The service has greatly improved and we try to get in at least once a week!  Check out their ribs... you will NOT be sorry!
5	Great food! Great service! We will be back!
3	I eat here or order in whenever I visit my family who live out in Phoenix.  They have tasty American food, competent staff and a great selection of alcohol for beer or wine lovers.  Their steak sandwich is excellent as is their ceasar salad and fries. I would say their only downsides are that their prices felt a bit high for the portions that they offer and the dining atmosphere is only okay.  But, if you want a good American meal eat here, you won't be disappointed.
4	Met a friend for dinner. The restaurant has an open feel I really liked. I had the fish and chips, loved the chips, the fish was nicely cooked, my friend had ribs, he loved them. The food is nicely presented the service was excellent. I would easily recomment Keegans to my friends and am looking forward to eating there again.
2	We went here Monday. 3 servers standing around laughing talking, but no one came to our table for drink orders or even to greet us and say they would be with us shortly after they were done talking gossip... after 7 min we left. Slow service and they were empty. We spent our 40.00 at a different restaurant.
4	I have been going to Keegan's for years. I love the fish tacos and the cobbler of the day. The customer service is always great and the specials are awesome on game days. I will continue to go back again and again.
5	After moving away from Phoenix a few years ago I finally had the chance to revisit for business travel. I knew exactly what stops I wanted to make while I was there and Keegan's, hit the top of that list! A girlfriend of mine was able to meet me for lunch and as we walked in the door I was blown away by the recent renovations they went through, the place looks awesome! Although the place was different looking I was still greeted by some of the same employees that I remember! Ramsey, the manager was working and he also made a stop of at our table to say hello (this is the kind of service Keegan's is known for) friendly, energetic people who are always smiling. For lunch I had the Cobb salad; chicken, hard boiled egg, smoked gouda cheese, bleu cheese, bacon and avocado with your choice of dressing (and if you ask they will toss it for you)....seriously so good... heaven in my mouth!! My friend got the Taproom Steak Sandwich, perfectly cooked to her liking and she said it was awesome! And since I was on vacation (well sorta!) we decided to wash our delicious meals down with one of Keegan's famous Mud Pies!! YUMMY!!I wish I still lived close, I'd visit Keegan's every week if I could. I should be traveling to Phoenix again soon and when I do I will definetly be stopping in again!
4	I like this place.  From the first time I tried it out, everyone has been friendly and have introduced themselves.  The people at Keegan's on Camelback learned my name right away and know what I like.  They make sure I'm happy to be there. Even when they're busy, my orders go straight back to the kitchen or to the bar and I'm served before I know it.  It's high quality, delicious food and the portions are perfect (MOAB or filet, med rare & fresh small plate salad ... killer).  Good prices, comfortable atmosphere and easy going clientele.  I would bring anybody here.
2	When it was suggested that we head to Keegan's for dinner, I was pretty interested.  The Yelp reviews are fairly good, and the food choices seemed interesting.  However, we just had one issue after another during our visit.To begin, we really wanted to partake in the happy hour. Unfortunately, they were only allowing patrons on the patio and in the bar use that pricing and menu.  Normally, I would understand this and sit there, but we had a handicapped member of our party who was incapable of sitting at the high-top tables in the bar area, and there was smoking on the patio. Yuck!  We mentioned this to our server, who just said that it was too bad we couldn't take part.  We ordered a number of things at our table.  The daily special of brisket (I think) was ordered by 2 of our guests, and it looked and tasted delicious.  I wish I had ordered that!  I shared the queso dip to start.  Great chips, good pretzel bites, but terrible queso!  It reminded me more of a saucer of milk.  It was so ridiculously runny that it just poured off of the chip and made a mess all over the table, as I tried to get it to my mouth.  The taste wasn't bad, but it was just impossible to eat.  The fried chicken, sliders, and grilled cheese were all decent, but none stood out.  I was greatly underwhelmed by the cobbler.  There was very little fruit, and the dessert was greatly lacking. While looking around at other tables, it appeared that many diners has delicious looking meals.  Perhaps the fail was in what we chose to order?  I would consider a re-visit, but this definitely isn't a spot I'm anxious to return to.
2	Pretty Average Pub Food here, with a normal boring beer list - nothing to really stand out at all -  The ribs are very average, with the cheesy potatoes being fine, if coming out a bit tepidI would certainly not recommend it, based on this meal and looking at the menu I would guess if you do not have adventurous tastes and a bud light palate you will be happy here - If you are looking for something more than average American cuisine - move on
2	The food is just ok nothing special. I had the fish and chips I would rather them be battered and not Panko crusted. The service is just ok too. I did enjoy the cold beer.
1	Worst wait staff and management i have ever experienced in my life!!! Kinda feels like a retirement home.
5	Fantastic service from Toma and good eats! Love this place! We will definitely be back.
5	Keegan's is a Phoenix establishment that I've been patronizing since I was 7 (as a guest of my folks, of course). Today, it's my favorite place to grab a burger and and brew on game day. The wait staff is top notch (and the bartender Brad has a really cute butt, but you didn't hear it from me ;) and I would recommend it for locals and visitors alike. Keegan's=your favorite neighborhood bar and grill.
4	Great happy hour food and good drink specials. Try the Firecracker shrimp appetizer and Huckleberry Margarita, really good!!!Good idea after hiking Camelback mountain....Friendly, pleasant staff.
4	love this neighborhood  bar, ....great food, service and atmosphere.....
5	This place is simply one of my favorite places in the Phoenix metropolitan area. Make sure you come hungry because every course is sure to please. They have a broad spectrum of food that is sure to satisfy even the pickiest of people, and I speak from experience. Too many restaurants serve food that is weak on flavor but the food at Keegan's has an explosion of flavor. Don't let yourself be fooled by the food looking like what is typically served at any other grill. Don't be caught by surprise if the manager personally checks in on you and your food is out within minutes from ordering. My waiter was Jaimie and she will not let you down. This is not a place to pass up. Drop in and grab a bite to eat.
3	Everything was just ok. Decent beer selection. They got the temp right on my burger. My wife had salmon. The consensus was good service but lackluster flavors. Everything needed more seasoning.
2	It's hard to say anything really bad about this place, but then again, it's also hard to say anything good about it. I guess if I had to characterize this bar/restaurant I would say that it's mediocre in almost every way. Let me start with the beer selection: not a lot on draft. The fact that a supposedly Irish bar doesn't have staples like Smithwick's or Guinness is disappointing. The food is hit or miss. The vegetable melt was extremely soggy and unappetizing, but the firecracker tacos were acceptable. I wouldn't go here expecting too much. The price isn't bad, but it's more than the food is worth.
3	The place looked newly remodel. It was nice and clean. The waiter was very attentive however we picked a bad day with all the rain . The electric went out four times during our meal .  My salad was large with large chunks of avocado and plenty of chicken.  My associate had a salmon salad
4	Solid 3.5 stars but it will get 4 for its reverse happy hour that starts at 8 pm and plays host to some very well priced food and drink options.  While I have yet to have a full meal off their regular menu, what I have tried from their HH menu is enough to keep Keegan's on the list of viable options we have going in this neck of the woods.   A personal favorite among us are the potato skins as well as the hummus.  The mood here is clean and casual.  There are tvs available to watch the current sporting event and a full service bar.  Or have a seat in one of their spacious booths.
3	Popped in to Keegan's for burger. I'd heard their 25 year anniversary was around the corner. (Also, I was ready to chew my arm off after my first long canal bike ride.) Our timing was impeccable as we arrived during Social Hour. Drink and food specials abound at the bar and patio area. Additionally (!) an NFL game was playing. Do I care about football? No. Why did I perk up watching the pig skin fly? There's a $6 Burger Menu(!) (Also available on NFL Sundays. At Noon.)Dinner burgers normally run $10.95-$12.95. $6 was a steal! (That and my date treated. Shh.) The MOAB Burger is a meaty size, generously layered with double pepperjack cheese and caramelized onions. It's almost a sin to remove the onion knot bun as you lose the dijon aioli kick. (So I ate half. Again, shh.) I was a wee bit sad that my medium rare request came out very well done. However, I was hAngry. So I ate it. All of it.I nibbled on these firecracker shrimp things. (There really wasn't any room in my belly. However, I was prodded into trying it. Just one bite.) I'm about to give you the virtual "look". You should try this. Calories be damn. It's clearly battered deep fried shrimp. However, the selling point on this appetizer is the chipotle aioli. Heavenly gooey stuff.SOCIAL HOUR DETAILSBar and Patio Area M-F: Drink & Appetizer Specials 2 PM - 6:30 PM +Every Night:  Drink Specials 8pm-close w/ Appetizer Specials 8pm until kitchen closesWeekend: Drink Specials all day & night
1	The food was really bad.   And my son didn't touch his Cuz it was that yucky.   The waitress wasn't that friendly and didn't bother asking us if we wanted to try something else.  Since we barely ate any of it.   Good customer service is offering something else or at least a deduction for uneaten meals.   Will not go back.
4	Was here 10/11/14The service has improved and the food was good.  I could not see the kitchen from where we sat.Server was attentive and checked on us several times.Love the fish and chips!!  Not a fan of any of the salads.  Stopped getting them because they are over dressed and just don't taste good.Keep working to make this better.Try this place!
2	Not great. Very empty at dinner time on a Thursday. Odd crowd and wait staff seemed uninterested in our table. Food was pretty meh, will not return
2	No soup for you! ...or at least that how we felt when George was banned by the Soup Nazi...what did we do to deserve this kind of treatment?Twice, the take out service left out part of our order, and when ya get home questioning the high price, anyway, you at least expect to get what you ordered. Oh ya, the food is good, but let's put it in the bag! It should be simple enough, "No more stars for you"!!
5	This gem is right across the street from where I work. They had so many different choices for food! I got the shrimp tacos and I loved them! I plan to go back and try more!
2	This used to be one of our favorite places for the nachos, which are still the best I've ever had. Then they took them off the menu. After that, I just did not have the heart to come back. The service is a little questionable too, if they get even a little busy. The last time I went, we waited 20 minutes before just giving up.
4	This place is on point! I have the Schniders Sausage Bolognese and pasta and it was fantastic!The service was fast and friendly, price to portion was good, and the drink selection was very nice.I have been here on and off over the years and have not been disappointed yet! Worth a stop in you're in the area.
