4	This was a great hotel to stay in! The price was right for what we got I was impressed. The rooms are 1960's modern very cool wallpaper, bedding, and furnishing all around the hotel and in the rooms. The one thing I didn't like was the lighting in the vanity mirror (putting on my make up wasn't so easy). The pullout couch isn't that comfortable either but it isn't awful just nothing special- so I guess if anyone with back problems was considering sleeping on the pullout sofa I'd say get a room with another bed rather.There is an indoor pool and an outdoor pool. The staff was nice here. The continental breakfast is pretty good they offered hot food such as waffles, eggs, and coffee... as well as cereals, yogurt, juice, and milk which starts at 7am and like all continental breakfasts it's good to get there when it starts sense everyone else is thinking the same thing!Great location if you are visiting or working on the east side of town, but a good 20 to 30 min to get anywhere near the strip.
4	Great hotel!!! We stayed with our travel volleyball team and took a short commute into Las Vegas daily. Clean spacious rooms, comfortable beds, fine staff and a decent breakfast to start your day. On our last day we returned in the late afternoon to find our room unmade. The maid came around 4 pm that afternoon. The only other minor complaint is the bathroom is in the center of the room, so if someone is getting ready early, they are right on top on anyone still in bed.
4	Chic, clean, nicely furnished rooms with couch and desk, has a tiny gym (but hotel guests also have access to gold's gym accross the road), tiny pool and hot tub (can also use outdoor pool by towne place suites accross the parking lot), wifi is included, excellent breakfast, and (drum roll) happy hour from 6-8 pm everynight.   A nice way to meet some of the other hotel guests.  Drinks are free but tips expected.  If I were to come back would definitely stay here again.
5	I was very pleasantly surprised at our recent stay at SpringHill. The rooms were clean and provided us with plenty of space. It was my mother and my daughter that stayed for 3 nights to attend a local dance competition. We had the 2 queen beds room and a pull out sofa sleeper. It was perfect for the 3 of us and allowed us to have our own space even in smaller quarters.  We had access to a small fridge, a microwave and a coffee maker, which was nice for us to keep drinks and snacks on hand. The shower and toilet were separate from the sink and mirrors, which helps out with 3 girls getting ready to go out. The staff was very friendly and accommodating - we asked for more blankets and towels and got them delivered to our room promptly and without hesitation. The free continental breakfast was tasty, with a do it yourself waffle maker, a variety of breads, croissants, muffins, bagels, etc. choice of cereals, oatmeal, eggs, bacon and all the fixings - even the staff manning the breakfast bar was helpful and nice. The indoor pool was fun, as was the outdoor pool. We even got late check out the day we left so we were able to enjoy the pool a little longer before we hit the road for the long drive home. I would stay here again in a heart beat.
2	In general I like this hotel.  I stayed there last week and my daughter left her favorite stuffed animal in a drawer.  I've called 3 times trying to get someone to check the drawer she left it in.  No one has called me back and they just keep saying if anything shows up we will call you.  Yeah right.  Someone's child has a new stuffed animal.
4	So far so good, i enjoyed staying here a month ago when i flew out for an MMA fight here in vegas.  It was centrally located to a coworkers home where there was an after party following the fights.    I am now here working for a few weeks, i have made this my hotel of choice when im out here working.  Beds are great plenty of pillows.  Im not that difficult to please, gotta love the 10 points per dollar.
4	I've stayed here twice, this time for an extended period (5 days).Check in is a breeze. Rooms are stylish, free wireless.Get this, during happy hour, the beer/wine is free at the bar. Wha?!?No seriously. You can use the workout room here (small), the one across the lot at the other Marriott (larger) or across the street at the Golds gym.A couple of blocks away up Stephanie st. is a nice strip mall with a grocery store and some restaurants.If you are into hiking, there are a lot of sweet trails on the outskirts of the area, close by.
5	I stayed at this hotel again a few weeks ago to attend the second season of my daughter's dance competition in Henderson and again, they were amazing. This hotel is clean and modern with spacious rooms that feel like mini apartments - it has a wonderful free breakfast buffet, a nice indoor and outdoor pool area and the staff is so friendly and accommodating. They allowed for us to have early check in, they allowed for us to have late check out and they were professional and courteous with all of our tiny extra requests, such as extra towels, pillows and even a cork screw to open a bottle of wine. I honestly can say I would never stay any where else in Henderson other than this hotel. They really have a true understanding of amazing customer service.
5	Great customer service, clean rooms, free beer and breakfast
4	We stayed over the weekend with a large group that was in Henderson for a lacrosse tournament. The staff were very accommodating. The overall hotel was clean. continental breakfast was good. Only bummer was that the indoor pool was closed. We will book here next time we come to town.
4	Very swank and updated lobby. Rooms are nice and big. Staff was very gracious and accommodating.
2	This is a contemporary styled hotel, nice looking.  I wish I could give this hotel a better review but with all the problems we experienced I will stay someplace else in Henderson next time.  It started when I called to extend our stay to two nights instead of one.  I telephoned instead of booking online since it was short notice to extend our stay.  I spoke to a woman who accommodated our request to add one night, but when I asked for the AAA rate, which was $10.00 less per night, she told me I would have to go online and book my change.  We checked in, no problem, that went smoothly and we were explained about the hours for the free breakfast etc.  The free breakfast was very good.  When we got to our room, we did notice how loud the door slams and we continued to hear that as anyone near our room came or left their room!The sink area is right by the bed and is separate from the toilet and shower, which is nice because two people can get ready, however the mirror in sink area is not well lit and is very small for a suite style hotel.  Not mich counter space.    While getting settled in the room, we found the lamp on the nightstand and two other lights had burned out light bulbs.  Called the front desk and maintenance came promptly.  He discovered someone (he said probably a previous guest) had unscrewed the lightbulb on the lamp on nightstand and replaced the other lightbulb that were out.We then proceeded to get settled in our room and found there were no luggage racks.   OK, this is a hotel, and no luggage racks, we could just put our suitcases on the couch, but thought it odd!  It is a suite, so it has a nice sofa and desk area separate from bed area.Next, one of us used the bathroom and when using the toilet paper, the TP holder fell off the wall.  Clearly it had been broken and was just balanced until someone touched it.  Since maintenance had just left, we didn't report it until the following morning and it was fixed promptly. We wanted to visit Hoover Dam, the following day and when we looked for a safe, which is common in hotels these days, discovered they don't have safes at this hotel.  OK, what to do with the valuable electronics we didn't want to leave sitting out!  Didn't want to leave them in the hot trunk of the car while visiting Hoover DamWe left the hotel at 10:00 AM to visit Hoover Dam.  After a hot day touring Hoover Dam, we returned to the hotel at 2:30.  We were hot, tired and just wanted to rest in our nice cool room and here is where it all fell apart.  We opened the hotel room door and discovered that Housekeeping had not been to the room!   When we left at 10:00 AM, we saw the housekeeping carts on our floor and could not understand why they had not been to our room.  We were in the room for 5 minutes when housekeeping knocked on the door.  Being tired and wanting to rest and After all the problems we had in the 24 hours we had been there, we decided to just make the 5 hour drive home, instead of staying another night.   Called the front desk and told them we had left at 10 and returned at 2 and in that time, no one had been to clean the room.  They did apologize and said they would send them right up to our room, but we said we just wanted to check out and not be charged for that night.  After speaking to the manager and explaining the problem, he said he would give us the courtesy and not charge us for that night.  We checked out and went home.
3	We stayed here for 3 nights while visiting the Las Vegas area. The hotel is typical Springhill Suites decor. The room was ok but when we first arrived the bathtub had a bad leak and was gushing out water. I went down to the lobby and the man at the front desk got someone to come upstairs with me to fix it right away and he did.The room air unit was very loud so we kept it off most of the time we were in the room. Breakfast was ok but Residence Inn breakfasts are typically a lot better so this was not great. Powdered eggs, either turkey sausages or bacon, self-made waffles, toast, yogurt, and coffee. It was definitely ok for the price of $99/night so no complaints. I would probably try another hotel next time just for variety. Oh, and the pool was freezing so I mainly used the spa. Both are small and indoors.
4	We were staying in henderson for thanksgiving with family and got a good price on a room here. The location was perfect, less than 2 miles from the in-law's house. We stayed two nights. The check-in in the beautiful lobby took 2 minutes, really liked that after driving in from Los Angeles. Found out at the front desk that there's an exercise room, or you can show your room key at the Gold's across the street and work out for free. No matter how good a hotel gym is, having access to a full gold's gym is priceless. No hotel gym has a squat rack! We are members at home anyway, but showing the room key is actually quicker than having them call your home gym and filling out the form, so we just showed our keys and worked out, walked back to the hotel. This is the reason the review is 4 stars instead of three. The room is very nice, liked the layout. Nice couch (looked to be a sleeper) and a desk which breaks the room up a bit with the bed and the wardrobe on the other side. We were able to put our daughter down in bed and then watch tv on the couch until we went to bed. Bathroom was okay, counter space was a little limited. Room has an empty fridge and microwave, coffee maker, and a little snack shop downstairs with some microwavable food, snacks, sodas and energy drinks.The wifi was a huge problem for me, for two reasons: i couldn't connect to my remote desktop back at the office, and we couldn't process any payments online (we did some online black friday shopping). When i disconnected from their wifi and connected to my tethered iphone, we were able to do both. I'm not sure why a hotel would have their internet set up that way, if i was there for business it would have been a huge bummer not to have internet that would allow me to connect to my office. Additionally, i had paid for the upgraded internet (only 5 bucks but still gives me more room to complain haha) to get a little more speed for my remote connection.The walls and ceiling were a little thin, there were some travel youth soccer teams staying at the hotel and i could hear doors opening and people running through the halls above us. I'm a deep sleeper and i woke up at 1:30am the second night from the room next to us opening and closing their doors and yelling at each other. I'm a 205 pound powerlifter with a lot of tattoos, so all it took was for me to open the door in nothing but basketball shorts and look at them for 5 seconds to not hear another peep all night.The complimentary breakfast was nice, oatmeal and eggs, fresh fruit, selection of coffees and yogurts and a waffle maker. My daughter wakes up at like 6:30 so we went down when it first opened and it was nice and empty, 2-3 people. When we left around 9:30 for the gym there was a line of about 25 people and no available tables. The same thing happened when we went to check out which made it a little tricky to get our luggage past, since the line forms in the same 4' hallway you need to use to get to the front doors. All in all, the next time we get a hotel to visit henderson we will probably use the same one.
