5	In September 2008 I went to a pastry cooking class here.It was at nighttime.  55$ a person.  from 6-9pm.We show up, and the pastry chef was the pastry chef from Cowboy Ciao!!OMG!!! I.was.so.excited.I'm such a huge fan of the pastries at Cowboy Ciao since they're unique and weird and awesome.Ok, so the class was super fun.  We had like... five or six different recipes.  We broke off into groups and each picked the recipe we wanted to make.We made them, with the help of the chef.It was fun, we were all talking.  They provide wine, and iced tea and water to drink.Then OF COURSE.  Once they're all done, YOU EAT AND EAT AND EAT until you can eat no more.Awesomeness.I really had a great time.  Really.
4	this place is great...you feel very welcomed and the instructors are very kind and choose recipes that are accessible to any cook at any level. I had a blast and the brunch class recipes were amazing.
5	The store itself is a bit expensive. They do have some great things you don't usually see in a cooking store however. But the reason I am giving them 5 stars is for their awesome cooking classes. I took a saute and sauces class and thought it was great! It was 60 dollars and 3 hours and the very next day I went to their website to look for more classes I would enjoy. The class was about 15 people, we cooked about 7-8 dishes and then got to try them all. The chef who taught this particular class was very nice and helpful and she absolutely made me want to sign up for future classes.
4	For our mom's birthday, my sister and I surprised her with a cooking class at Sweet Basil. Not because she needs lessons (my mom's a great cook) but because she enjoys cooking and it was something fun we could all do together. Our class, Low Fat Faves, was $60 a person. Iced tea (really delicious tropical flavored, unsweetened tea that they sell loose at Sweet Basil) was available to quench our thirst while we listened to the instructor give an overview of each of the 7 recipes we would be preparing that evening. With the review of each menu item, tips were given. For example, preheat the oven to 10 degrees hotter than what you need it, because the temperature drops when you open the door. Then lower it to the proper cooking temperature after you've put the food in to cook. Or, to more easily slice meat thin, put it in the freezer for about 30 minutes before slicing. There were 15 participants in our class so we broke into teams of 2 (with one woman flying solo) and raised our hands to claim the recipe we wanted to work on during class. We donned our aprons and got to work. Since Sweet Basil is a kitchen store, there were tons of tools to test drive! It was a lot of fun and about 30-40 minutes later, the instructor was pouring wine for us as we began our buffet dinner. There was a TON of food! By the time we were finished, our family had to eat and run. Fortunately, because the class didn't start until 6:30, we had grabbed a "light bite" around 5:30. There was no way I could've waited until 9 p.m. to eat - and normally, I wouldn't eat that late at all. A weekend class would probably better fit with my schedule. The recipes were OK but nothing really floored me. And, the tips were simple. Which was great for people with less time in the kitchen but I think it would also help to have offerings for more experienced cooks. The instructor definitely was knowledgeable and I plan to keep my eyes peeled for class topics that interest me. One last highlight: students get 10% off all gourmetware purchases the day of the class (excluding cookbooks, sale and electric items). I picked up a cool prep/cutting board!
5	I took my first class at Sweet Basil last night to learn how to make Thai food. I had such a great time; I didn't expect to have that much fun. The instructor was extremely knowledgeable and discussed each of the recipes before we were broken into groups of two people per recipe. Cooking is one of my passions, and I am just so glad that I can feed that passion with more classes at this establishment. Some people have told me that I can get recipes online, and "why pay for the classes"? Well, it was worth every penny to be instructed by the chef, learn about the ingredients, see hands-on demonstrations of techniques, use their huge kitchen and utensils (without having to wash the dishes), meet new people who share a love of cooking, and then to finally sit down and taste everything for dinner with a glass of wine. It was superb; an experience that has made me decide that I will be taking classes regularly at Sweet Basil.
1	I was not only blown away by how uninterested the girl was that was teaching this "Cookie baking class" this Novermber but how RUDE she was to the only male that was in the class with us!It was like she was extremely upset that a man decided to take the class and treated him rudely the entire time. I was bothered by it the entire time. Not only was I bothered by it but myself and 3 other girls all told him after the class that he should ask for his money back. And he should.I would not recommend the Sweet Basil classes or cooking school to anyone that is looking for a pleasurable experience as the blonde lady who teaches the classes (i believe her name was Melissa) seems absolutely miserable and unhappy with her job.Hopefully the owner reads this and takes note.
4	A great selection of cookwares.  The cooking classes are a lot of fun as well.
1	I was appalled at the way this company does business.  The owner is unprofessional and blatantly rude. My brother paid them $150 for a gift certificate for me for the gourmet cooking class with wine.  Shortly after I found out I was pregnant.  I called them while it was valid to see if I could use it after I gave birth.  They said yes but I couldn't reschedule once the appointment was made.  When I went to make the appointment they now won't honor it.  They take $150 and give no service - what a scam!!!!  Oh and the owner hung up on me when I said that it isn't right that she take money and not give service or honor her word.  Also, see the other reviews on Google, there are other similar instances with this company.  Terrible!
2	Wow rudest staff ever, place seemed pretty nice but the lady who "greeted" us was so rude we left shortly after we walked in
2	We took a sushi class. The experience was great but we were disappointed by the low cost ingredients. For $55 per person we were hoping for a bit more high quality items and more seafood. They were very skimpy on the ingredients. The owner was not very friendly and we also were given a hard time about rescheduling our class.
4	What an interesting place! I'm from out of town and as part of a fun group activity, some friends and I popped by here for a cooking class. We had an absolute blast navigating a big industrial sized kitchen and learning from our teacher Linda. With pre-arrange menus and various tasks for each group of two, we set out to cook a big giant meal for about 14 people. Working together, laughing and watching my friends cook was really a great way to connect with one another. Having really only cooked at home, and admittedly not very often, it was both fun and nerve wracking to have to cook for other people. Thanks to Linda's help I executed my dish perfectly and felt very proud of myself for doing so. I'd totally recommend these cooking classes for couples, groups of friends or even work and team building events!Because the location is also a store, it's a great place to pick up new cook books, professional cookware and other fun items like magnets, aprons, napkins and more.
4	Sweet Basil Gourmetware & Cooking School is certainly a "sweet" little place! It's a cooking school and a gourmet kitchenware retailer all in one! Plus, it's locally owned. Genius! This was my first time taking a group cooking class (there were about 13 or 14 of us) and it was a ton of fun. Our teacher Linda had seven recipes for us to test out. When we arrived, she had prep and cooking stations set up for for teams of two. In a couple of hours we whipped up a feast! This was such an awesome  way of bonding with friends and testing our teamwork skills. Our "Easy Entertaining" menu included baked brie, smoked salmon cakes, grilled chicken satays, pork pot stickers, pepper crusted steak and mini caramel pies. I love to cook and I'm always on the search for new recipes. My partner and I were  in charge of making the pot stickers since this was something I've never made. It was definitely tedious work but super rewarding to make tackle something new! Thanks to Linda, everyone in group successfully executed each dish! Sweet Basil is BYOB, so we brought in some bubbly and red wine. I agree with Katy H and would recommend these classes for friends, family, couples, brides, and work related team building.
4	Thank you Marti and Chef Linda...I was looking for a fun evening activity for a group of fourteen yelployees during our recent regional week conferences, and cooking class was appealing to most of our group.  Unfortunately, when I went to do some research on local cooking classes, most of them were way out of our budget.  That is, until I spoke to Marti at Sweet Basil.  Marti was extremely accommodating and I was pleasantly surprised to hear that the pricing for our group was reasonable compared to some of the other cooking schools that I was looking into.  There was a great selection of menus to choose from as well.  I went with the "Easy Entertaining" option, which included recipes for the following items:* Baked Brie with Shallots & Roasted Raspberry Chipotle Sauce* Smoked Salmon Cakes with Lemon Dill Aioli* Grilled chicken Satay with Ginger Mustard Sauce* Bloody Mary Shrimp* Pork Pot Stickers with Garlic Soy* Pepper-Crusted Steak with Horseradish cream* Mini Caramel Pecan Pies with Bourbon whipped CreamWhen the group arrived, there were aprons for all, and Marti introduced herself and Chef Linda prior to us beginning.  Our group was ready to get our hands dirty right away, but we did have to be patient as Chef Linda walked us through each recipe... From there, we buddied up (except for Emi H who bravely took on the Chicken Satay on her own) and were on our own with the large kitchen and ingredients.  Tiffany and I did the Brie which was by far the easiest, but we had fun with it and it turned out incredibly (if I can say so myself)!All in all, this was a fabulous evening, and great for team building too... but if you do book Sweet Basil, a couple of things to keep in mind that may be helpful:*While SB does provide iced tea and water, they allow BYOB, so if your group is anything like mine, I do recommend taking advantage and bringing some wine!*You'll likely begin your class promptly at 6:30, but won't be digging into the food for quite some time, so you may want to grab a bite prior to arriving or ask about purchasing some snacks to nosh on while you eat.In addition to the above, note that SB is also a fabulous store for all kinds of cookware, kitchen accessories, and more... I purchased a great little salad dressing bottle while I was there and definitely could've done a lot more damage given more time!
4	There was a time in my life when I considered heating up a hot pocket in the microwave to be a culinary feat! But now that I'm a "grown-up" I can honestly say that I can cook! It took major life changes and the possibility of starvation to do it, but through cookbooks and the internet, I can boldly say that I am able to cook anything as long as I've got a recipe! So when we went to the Sweet Basil cooking school for a work outing I was excited to put my cooking skills to the test.We started off with Linda our instructor giving us an overview of what we were cooking and she had us volunteer to break off into pairs. She asked for one person to go solo and I raised my hand. Our menu for the evening was "Easy Entertaining" and were a mix of sweet and savory dishes. I had the task of making grilled chicken satay skewers. It took about 90 minutes for everyone to finish cooking and we ate the dishes as they were completed. Each recipe was easy to prepare and there were a handful I'd choose to make at home for parties. My skewers needed to be grilled and that's a skill I've never honed so it was nice to do something new! Our instructor Linda was very nice and she reminded me of the days when I used to cook with my grandmother. She was very encouraging and made me feel really great about my dish! I think in my next life I will go to culinary school and become a chef! Not so I can open a restaurant per se, but simply because I enjoy creating dishes and making folks happy through food!Great team building exercise and a nice change from the regular sit down dinners. It's BYOB but I'd warn that you should probably eat something before hand because it'll be awhile before you get to eat your dinner! Recommended for couples, newbie cooks and girlfriends looking for a fun and casual night out!A pre-cooking photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sweet-basil-gourmetware-and-cooking-school-scottsdale?select=hV2sQa3q6hPp3zVcMJa3tw#hV2sQa3q6hPp3zVcMJa3twMy finished dish with Linda: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sweet-basil-gourmetware-and-cooking-school-scottsdale?select=hV2sQa3q6hPp3zVcMJa3tw#NkKVtfZMq749d-jfLUVy8w
5	Took this class with some of my gal friends and we had a great time - the topic of that night was eggs!  I would have liked to learn a little more about the egg itself - the basics that chefs know about them (fat structure, protein structure), but this was more application.. ie. HOW do you use it for crepes... HOW do you use it for Poached Eggs.  The food came out very tasty and though another lady was subbing for the regular instructor, she did a good job of instructing us and explaining things.. though she seemed to change a bit of the recipe from the author (the regular instructor) which would make it confusing at times... Nevertheless, both my friends are taking the classes that span several months and I can tell they have learned a great deal already!  Braising, Sauces, etc...I liked the ambiance: relaxed, open, explanatory, educational, experimental... plus it is set inside a store where you can buy kitchen tools and gadgets.  I rummaged through all their stuff and saw competitive prices and a great selection of kitchen and cooking items.I would definitely return to do more classes here... it is educational, hands-on, and a great way to learn about cooking in a relaxed, helpful environment.
5	I just took the Fondue Party Class with instructor Doris LaMott Hoel and had a great time. She made the class exciting, fun, and full of information. Look forward to booking another class
4	Sweet Basil offers a sweet cooking class! It started off a little slow but it could be because I like to cook and didn't need an entry-level lesson on how to read a recipe. Once we got through that, it started to jive! There was a group of around 15 of us, so they created a menu with several items and split us up into groups. Throughout the evening, we got to slice, dice and serve up different dishes for the rest of the group to try and while we cooked, we sipped on the wine we brought (it is BYOB after all). There were some kinks in the class, but all-in-all I enjoyed myself and had a good time. I would offer one piece of advice for you if you decide to take the class. Have a snack before! The class started at 7:00 but after the instructions and we cooked the different dishes, we didn't end up eating until closer to 9. Sweet Basil has a wide selection of cooking items for sale as well. They have everything from Cuisinart to fun novelty gifts for a cat-lover (meow!), dog lover, kitchen lover or simply the new cook!
1	Horrible customer service!! I signed up for a class with my best friend (which took months to plan because of our schedules, but I understand and that is not their problem) that was scheduled for the day after Memorial Day. They called at 6pm the night before to cancel! Of course, they made it very clear to me when I scheduled that I had to cancel 3 days prior. And due to the late hour on a holiday, I could not rearrange my schedule for the day which had been planned around the class. I initially said I would not get an immediate refund, but due to our difficult and busy schedules, I decided it just wasn't going to work (and I was a little put off). Today made the third time I called to get the refund!! The first time sounded just fine, no problem. Well two weeks went by with no refund so I called again and they said they must have been busy and "forgot" and that a message would be left for the owner who would get back to me in a couple days, no apologies expressed. So 6 days later, still no word and no refund ... I call and say I would like to get to the bottom of this. Each time I have been nice, not rude or vulgar. She says she will take care of it and when I ask for a phone call to ensure it has been taken care of I get a quick "no, you'll just have to trust me" and "I have to go now, I have clients waiting, I must go" end of conversation. I will never attempt to use this place of business again, I didn't even get as far as taking a class!! Poor way to run a business!
1	This place is a joke.  I purchased two tickets to a class for my girlfriend and I (as a surprise).  The day before I came down with an illness and was in no shape to be in public or away from my bed.  I called to explain that I was sick and would not be able to attend.  My intention when I called was to see about applying a credit towards another class. The person I spoke with offered this as a solution.  "well give your ticket away"..........  I would love to see my girlfriends face when I say "happy birthday baby you are going to a cooking class....... with someone else"I then asked if they were ok with me coming in knowing that I was very sick.  They said yes that would be fine.SO here you go.  I am not as upset set knowing that I am out $120 as I am DISGUSTED with the fact that a food service establishment is ok with people that maybe sick and contagious handling food for others.  I am pretty sure the health department is not OK with this..............So no offer other than give your $$$ away.  No credit towards another class.  Not even a discount towards another class.  And extremely rude people to talk to on the phone.I have made my donation to this place and will never support it.
5	Love this place. I am 17 and LOVE to cook. I have enjoyed dozens of classes [and one 12-week block] at Sweet Basil, with friends, family, or on my own, and have always learned an interesting tidbit or two and gained some well-written, delicious recipes and experience! I have never felt condescended to, or looked down upon for my age, something that I have immensely appreciated. Their class prices are reasonable, and the environment is just the right balance between laid-back and structured. Highly recommend taking a class here, especially from Linda Martin.
1	I bought a gift certificate for a friend for a cooking class for us both to attend. We misplaced the gift certificate and just found it over a year later.  Thinking it would not be a big deal I called and spoke with the owner/ manager who assured me she would not honor it nor did she have time to discuss it and hung up on me. I could not believe how rudely I was treated and before I had time to ask if there was another class I could get for us she hung up.  Not sure what her name is but whoever you are (owner) I will tell everyone I know and post how you treated me on every social network I can.  You should be ashamed of yourself and I have no idea how you are still in business if this is how you treat people. Worst place ever
1	I am writing this review because the people at Sweet Basil do not care enough about a bad experience to answer an e-mail, a private message sent on Facebook or to call me back when I called them.  The manager told me she was busy, for me to call back after the holidays.  I took a PIE baking class right before Christmas.  The instructor was very nice but there were too many students in the class.  Six of us wanted to make the Banana Cream Pie.  They did not have enough workstations for us to each make our own so we divided the different steps with two making crust, two cutting bananas and two making the cream.  They did them in one batch for the crust and two for the filling. The girls who did the crust forgot to put the eggs in and had to pull it out of the fridge where it was chilling to add the eggs.  ( this meant more mixing and kneading- not good)  The girls doing the filling divided into two batches (for 3 piies each) on the stove.  At some point they noticed some black flakes (Vanilla paste) in the pan and mistakenly thought the cream was burning and took it off the stove. It had not thickened)  Even the bananas that were cut should have been tossed in lemon juice to keep from turning brown and were not.  The instructions said to butter the pie tin. ( not a good idea)  When the crusts were taken out of the oven they had crawled down in the pans and looked awful. We poured the creme mixture in the crust on top of the layer of bananas and put it in the pan to chill.  The instructor said they should be fine after chilling thoroughly.  I brought mine home and put it in the fridge to chill.  When I took it out to show my daughter it was so sad it was funny.  I put my finger in the liquid and it sloshed around like water.. I poured it out and the crust that was in the pan was only worth throwing out.  I wrote an e-mail to Sweet Basil stating the above and a suggestion to have smaller classes where each person would be responsible for their own outcome.  I at least expected a reply.  I was not asking for a free class.  A discount offer would have been acceptable ( I had spent $60 on the class and bought two pie dishes for another $65. )No Reply at all.  I decided to call a few days later and I asked for the manager.  The person answering said she was the manager, I told her I had taken a class and had sent an e-mail and had not received a reply.  She said " I am busy, why don't you call back after the holidays" and hung up.  WOW... That is the worst customer service I have ever heard of.  Another warning... I had previously been given a gift certificate that would cover two classes.  I took one class that was fine.  I called to set up the second class and told them I could not find my certificate.  She looked it up and told me it was ok, she had the record.  I signed up for the pie class.  A day or so later the lady called back and told me the certificate had expired so I gave her my credit card number for the class I wanted.  If you get a gift certificate from there be sure to check when and if it expires.  Lessons learned!
5	i loooved the grill it class by Larry Canepa, had such a good night, such a good idea for a date night, will definitely go back
1	Zero stars!I wish there were zero stars to giveto this business.  Their lack of customer service and discrimination is unparalleled.  Not only do they discriminate against the handicap, they also are unwilling to acknowledge responsibility.  This is completely unacceptable!  If you have values, if you care about the most unfortunate - don't support this business!
