3	Nice, roomy Starbucks off the lobby of the Omni William Penn Hotel. I have been there several times over the past 5 or 6 years and have always found the baristas and cashiers to be friendly and efficient.  The store is architecturally interesting, as well - high original ceilings and large plate glass windows offering views of the surrounding streetscape.
4	Starbucks quality coffees, pastries, and other assorted food/drinks.Friendly staff that is able to keep it together during crowd rushes.And a heck of a location in the beautiful Omni William Penn Hotel.
3	Solid Starbucks with grade-A people working there who remember you (for the most part) when you return basically every day.  This Starbucks is inside the Omni William Penn Hotel, so watch out for the ridiculous lines around 8:30/8:45am on weekdays. Some of the cashiers can be grumpy, but wouldn't you be too with loads of caffeine-starved grumpy people pawing about? Triple grande americano, anyone? Make it a quad!
5	This is my favorite Starbucks to get coffee from.  No matter how long the line is, my wait is never long.   They have people take my drink order, separate people to ring me up, and other people to make the drinks.  On the very rare occasion that my drink order is messed up, I have always been compensated with a free drink.  The staff is always very friendly, even when they line is long.  I used to go in there nearly every day but since I changed jobs I only go in about 3-4 times a month.  Everyone still remembers me and my favorite drink.  It is also always clean in there and the pastry case is well stocked.
5	Wow. The baristas work like a well-oiled machine.  I got in the line that wrapped around the store and was still in and out in 5 min.  Unbelievably quick service!
5	Ive never seen a Starbucks in a place that looks like a giant dining room in a house ... Def quaint and cozy, staff is very nice... And. I believe it's attached to a hotel...
4	I was skeptical about this location thinking that it was a "We Proudly Brew" kinda joint. However, I'm happy that a co-worker brought me here on Monday! I desperately needed some caffeine but didn't want to walk to Market Square to my typical Starbucks location. I ordered a Pumpkin Spice Latte, and it was perfect in taste and temperature. Plus, this location inside the Omni William Penn is positively gorgeous. I'll be back!
4	I come here often as I sometimes work in the building. The lobby of the William Penn is gorgeous, and I would come to this particular Starbucks even if I wasn't working in the building. The staff is usually very friendly, and though the lines can be really long during the morning rush, they have an efficient system and things move quickly.It's easy to pay through the Starbucks app on your phone here, and unlike some locations that give you a hard time, the staff here always thanks me for using my Starbucks app!This location is great for sitting with a laptop that get some work done, but avoid the morning rush as it can get very loud.I was very pleased with my double tall soy one pump hazelnut latte this morning. Some locations are known for their bitter lattes, but my latte this morning was perfectly smooth and enjoyable.
3	This Starbucks is one of the more ornate locations that I have visited.  I enjoying the decor with the crystal chandeliers and all but besides the furniture there is nothing else remarkable to report about this location.
4	Delicious, always fast. This was my favorite Starbucks downtown (before Oxford Centre opened). The baristas are great and the manager runs a tight ship. It is located in the Omni William Penn lobby, but I always enter through the street doors.
5	The staff here are exceptional and friendly. I make a point to go to this Starbucks downtown, always.
