5	The are different stylist in here but I have been seeing Kay Moore for over 10 years. She listens to what I want to do and then tells me what I should do. I love it, if not for her I'm sure my hair would have fallen out.
4	Once again, another spa that I came across while Groupon hunting one day. I like to go to places that are not 100 miles from my house or a place that I have to sit in traffic for 30 mins to get to. This place is right off of S Tryon just past where it intersects with Carowinds Blvd. There are some buildings back there and this full service salon lives in them.April was the one that does the microderms and facials. She even makes and markets her own facial products which I thought was pretty cool. They smelled good and were effective. I liked April quite a bit. She makes you comfortable and will chat if you want, won't if you don't. My only complaint is that she picked at two moles I have thinking they were zits. This is the 2nd person at the 2nd place where someone has done that. I would think that an aesthetician would know the difference, but next time I'm just gonna speak up and tell them straight up....this is a mole. Do not pick, please! I would still go back though because my face felt great after she used her little machines that gently blasts your face with crystals and then sucks the crystals and the icky dead skin back up and away it goes!
5	Karen is an amazing hair stylist who knows just what to do to make my hair look fantastic.
5	I had my hair done by Lou Bowie who recently moved here from NJ. Not only is she the sweetest person I've met but also an excellent hair stylist who is great at cuts and color. She is a perfectionist who expects excellence out of herself. She's always looking out for the best interest of her customer. It's no surprise she had such a great customer base in NJ as she endears herself to her clients. I completely trust her judgement and look forward to getting my hair done by her again.
5	All I wanted was a cut and some layering without paying an arm and a leg, so thanks to fellow Yelpers I decided to try Forever Young. Lou was my stylist and she is probably the best stylist I've ever had; she was so sweet, professional, and helpful. I thought I wanted bangs but she was honest in telling me that I shouldn't get them unless I'm ready to put in the work on them, but she also helped me find a cut that wasn't as extreme but still a little different. The best part was how much advice she gave me to keep my hair looking and feeling fantastic. The whole experience was worth far more than the $20 I paid (cut only), and I will absolutely be back.
