5	Basically, I love to eat.  My nickname is "The Eater."  I can put away food like nobody's business but I don't want to look like it so I try to keep it pretty healthy five to six days a week and that is why I have a fondness for Vegas Sports Nutrition.  I need my supplementation!This place is no frills and the employees know what they are talking about.  I like that they don't try and push product on you or tell you what you should get instead of what you asked for unlike experiences I've had at other supplement shops.  I find their prices to be very reasonable and they have even price matched for me.  And although I like going to the store to browse, I love that I don't have to because they ship next day free if your order is over $50.
5	Best supplement store I've found in the valley, hands down. The owner, Denny, is amazing in his knowledge of supplements, and has on numerous occasions helped me find exactly what I needed. The prices are extremely low compared to other supplement stores in the area (particularly that one near the LVAC on Eastern and Pebble) and delivery is available if you order online. It's only a $5 fee if the order is under $50, and free if you order more than that. Next day shipping, too. Will definitely keep ordering from here as well as going into the store, as long as I'm in Vegas/Henderson.
5	Seriously.. who can beat the prices?   They match online prices... good quality knowledgable service... cant beat it.  I send all my friends here.
5	I have been ordering the 7lbs WHEY EXTREME PROTEIN from them for a while now. I order, and I get my shipment then next day, what could be better?however, I just wish he had a MILITARY discount!!! But the prices for what I'm looking for are pretty good too.Actually I just sent in another order, Thanks VSN.
3	Vegas Sports nutrition is a decent little shop in front of the LVAC shopping center.  They have competitive prices on most of their nutrition supplements but lack the business volume that a GNC or Vitamin Shoppe would have so you have to shop around and price match being most supplements are so over-priced to begin with
5	no frills! just cheap wholesale prices and lots of products. this is where to stock up, they are at least 30% cheaper on anything.  Don't go in there looking for a nutritionist, you better know your shit. But the prices can't be beat so it's worth the drive.
5	Best prices in town and Denny, the owner...I think, is very knowledgeable on what you need to maximize your workout. I will never go to another store for my supplement needs. It isn't fancy but it DEFINITELY gets the job done.
5	super pump for 35amino pills for 20 (325 pills) pro complex 54Unbeatable prices... happy to find this place but sad they have no branch in California.The owner is a very nice guy too. i was gonna buy something else too but he told me not too because the pro complex has enough of that so it would be a waste
5	they have everything you need at a really good price. dude has always been helpful not steering you to spend more money but getting the right stuff. that will keep me coming back.
5	Vegas Sports Nutrition is by far the best supplement store in all of Las Vegas.  They really know their products and will help you make the best decision.   I would highly recommend Vegas Sports Nutrition.
2	It was a great place to get protein UNTIL they dropped their website. It has "been under construction" for months and months. My question is why would a business like this NOT have a website?? It says to call in to order, how can a customer call in an order when they don't see what you have for sale, just guess?Bad business move.
5	Great prices and most of the time I have asked for advice I have gotten some really solid answers.
5	Best prices in town and very comparable to the top discount online stores. If you need to pick up some supplements this is the spot, forget GNC, Vitamin Shoppe and any and all that say they will beat any price.. cause they just don't. I only wish there were more of them cause this store is a bit far from my home.
1	It says on their website to call in to order.However, on multiple occasions of attempting to contact them for prices, I have been blown off, saying he can't get to the product or he's not even sure what he has. "Oh I'm sure we have it in all flavours, call back in 10 minutes if you need a price." 10 minutes later, he didn't even bother to pick up 3 phonecalls in a row.Prices might be great but I'd rather pay a bit more at Freddie's than take VSN's snide attitude.Besides, Freddie's Nutrition can price match them to a certain degree anyways.
5	By far the best prices in town. They beat Wal Mart an Target on nationally priced products. You will not find a better price. The guy at the front counter is very helpful an knowledgeable regards to what products to use an how they work or taste. I have only been inside the store an never have called. I cant speak regarding the bad experiences via phone calls. They have lots of stuff to choose from an best prices anywhere. You will not be disappointed.
5	All of the different Quest bar flavors for $2 each. Win.  Although they don't have the Cravings line or the Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough bar, I'll take it.  Yep, this is the reason why I frequent this location.  That and for the Isopure Zero Carb flavors.And, I absolutely love this store.  Definite gem, in my opinion.  They have your standard supplements, hardcore supplements (the ones I usually see better purchased online) as part of their standard supply, drinks, bars, etc.  And yes, for those of us needing gluten-free alternatives, they run the gamut of having almost any type of supplement available.  I like to buy my Quest bars there, since they're only $2 each or even purchase boxes of them.  They have the best pricing (competitively/reasonably cheap) and if they don't carry an item, they are happy to put in a request...at least they were ok with it, in my experience.  The gentleman at the front is very knowledgeable when it comes to the different supplements, and I'm just glad that he's friendly and approachable because I tend to ask many questions whenever I go shopping for my supplements--pills, bars, protein powders, pre-workout supplements, post-workout supplements, why he carries different drinks, etc.  Yep, he's pretty patient, lol.  Definitely check it out.  I mean, worse case scenario, you also hit up the cupcake place and Red Robin in the same plaza...
3	When I lived in Vegas this was my go to spot for nutrition products, and now that I'm outside of Vegas I still stop in nearly every time I'm there.  Why?  Because the prices are the best I've been able to fine, anywhere.  I mean anywhere, even online.They have a pretty good selection of nutrition products, anything from protein bar/powder to vitamins.  If you're in need of a nutrition product odds are they have it or something very similar.As others have said the customer service is not too great.  You're more or less expected to know what you want before you come in.  Questions are often answered in one word responses or pointing to where something is.  Is it is what is is though, the prices are phenomenal so I can live with lack luster customer service.
3	* Their prices are very good, better than many online places.* However, every time I have been there I have purchased whey protein powder, same brand. Sometimes I get taxed, and sometimes I do not. When I called and asked why, their answer was is that they are starting to tax these, but not protein bars and not shakes. Protein powder should not be taxed, or at least I don't get taxed when I buy it at the grocery store or amazon.* Their stock for flavors seems to vary, at least for the gold standard whey protein powder.I'll surely go back, but I'll be checking Amazon first.
5	I've heard from several people that they have the best prices in town so I went and checked them out and its definitely true. I like that they didn't try to sell me anything other than what I wanted, that's one thing I don't like about bigger chain stores, they always try to sell me their own brands!
5	First time finally making it to this store after going to many others...GNC (Good for Nothing Crap, Nutrition Rush and the horrible over priced and horrible customer serviced Freddies)..............BEST prices in Vegas..............great staff....no pressure, no grief over why I prefer non soy stuff....owner is great and very nice....I felt like a highly valued customer and was exceptionally taken care of.  Even the women who do booth set up at the LVAC's have always always always been so kind, and genuine.I will buy everything here from now on!!!
5	I am very happy that we have this place in Vegas. No BS, you can walk in, find what you need, and be out within 5 minutes. If you don't know what you are looking for it may take longer. The staff are friendly but limit there answers to the questions you ask. I would rather they are less helpful and don't presume to know what I need than if they talk too much and try and up sell or push product on me if I had to choose between the two mindsets. It does help to go in with an idea of what you need and having done some homework.So yeah, I can understand why people may customer service isn't that great, but I like the quick and quite with cheap prices and no BS. They are there to sell product, not be personal trainers.
4	Supplements have become a part of my diet in the past few months and I've only been to maybe three nutrition shops in town in that time.  This one was highly recommended by my trainer as being the cheapest in town, so I've done some shopping here.  According to the b/f, their prices are fairly competitive and, like most of the nutrition shops, they price match.  If you're in the market for whey, casein, multi-vitamins, BCAAs, and the like, give VSN a try as I did.
5	I'm not worried about customer service when I buy supplements because I already do my research before I go out and buy, and this is the best store in Vegas to do it.  Cheapest prices anywhere.  Denny is a nice guy, just not very talkative and that is fine by me.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Told me over a month ago they'd notify me of a new product I was looking for and still have not heard from them. The location is quite a drive and not easily accessible from a major street.LIKE  Straightforward advice regarding different products. The bigger space it moved into. Consistent product availability.LOVE  The prices. The selection.
