5	These guys were great.  They were prompt, even though it's quite a trip to get to my house, polite, and reasonably priced.  Everything I'm looking for in a plumber.
5	Just when you thought plumbers were all wet.  Here is a compnay that goes above and beyond to help you,  It was hot and late and they still came out to look at my unit on the roof and they did not charge for extra and were truthful of what needed.  Then they told me to turn it into my warranty company.  They could have charged me a fortune and fixed it, but instead did the right thing and sent me in the right direction.  These guys I would refer to anyone!
5	Best company! Always there when you need them 24/7 and no extra night or weekend or gas charges! I would recommend them for all your plumbing and air needs
5	Came home to a leaking water heater. Came right out 'no weekend or "extra" evening charges or "trip" charges. Quickly replaced water heater and even took Visa cards. Robert was very nice! Will recommend to friends and use again
1	3 days without AC in 100 degree weather. Terrible communication skills. Never on time.. Unfortunately because I live in an apartment I have absolutely no control over who does repairs out of my maintenance guys scope of work. A call was placed by my complex Sunday afternoon, and someone was supposed to be here Monday before 1, they didn't show up until around 3 and never called to let me know they were on their way. I at around 2 I had to leave for work and I asked my maintenance guy to let them in for me. I came home from work after 10 pm to find a note on my door saying that someone would be back first thing in the morning with the replacement fan motor. At this point it is 90 degrees in my house. No one came the next morning, so I called again, and they said that they would not be able to get someone out here until between 1-3. The guy finally shows up at 4 and says that he has a really big job that he needs to go finish and that they have cranes waiting but he says he can be back here at 5, I said "if there is no one else who can come handle this that's fine as long as my AC is up and running by tonight" it was far too hot to sit in my apartment all day so I ran some errands and came back to check in on things at 5:45, no sign of the guy. I called again and they said the other job was taking longer than expected. Being that at this point it was 92 in my house I decided to go see a movie and run some more errands, I came home at 10:30pm and the guy was still here trying to fix my AC, I took my dogs out, and decided to go to a friends to stay cool. I came home around 1:30 am to check on my dogs and there is a note saying that a manager will be out here first thing in the morning. It is now 9am wednesday and there still isn't anyone here and I still don't have AC.
5	As a real estate agent I have referred West Coast Plumbing and Air on several occasions and they have always gone the extra mile to provide my clients with honest and fair pricing. The technicians are always respectable and very knowledgable. I will continue to recommend them to all of my clients and of course I will continue to use them for all of my own personal repairs and maintenance. Call WCPA you won't be disappointed!!
5	West Coast Plumbing and Air saves the day AGAIN!  I have referred countless clients, family and friends to the very professional staff here and have received only rave reviews.  I have used West Coast for my personal residence and my rental property as well.  Every service call I have requested has been met on time and, at times, even within a couple of hours of my call. Their techs offer honest diagnosis and work hard to minimize repairs and costs; not something you find often in this industry.  There simply is not another HVAC or plumbing company in the Phoenix area that I would use.
5	Living in Phoenix it's important to have an AC company you can rely on, and West Coast Plumbing & Air is that company.  I used them this week for the first time, and it was a great experience beginning to end. I scheduled a routine maintenance check to make sure my old AC will be ready for another hot summer. The technician was on time, very friendly and knowledgeable.  To my disappointment the unit needed some new parts (disappointing but not a surprise since the unit is 12+ years old), and the tech took the time to show me the parts on the unit and explain everything in detail.When we started talking about the price for the parts, he had everything in his book, which means they're not just setting prices as they feel like it - the prices for every part are outlined in their binder.  No nonsense & no price gouging, I like that.The tech had to go pick up some of the parts but came back and finished the work same day.I will absolutely use West Coast again, and I would recommend them to anyone needing AC or plumbing work!
1	I had a particularly bad experience with West Coast. Not because of the level of customer service - they respond very quickly to your calls. They are incredibly courteous. I am writing a poor review because of the low quality of work provided and what appears to me to be a lack of integrity in the bidding process. They responded to our facility at a point when our air conditioning had shut down entirely - our front office was stifling. The prognoses they provided was poor at best - we had air conditioning units that had reached their last leg and would cost thousands to get operational. We had hours to commit to spending tens of thousands to replace our air conditioning units or risk having to wait. We called some industry contacts to get a second opinion and realized that 1st the quote that we were being provided for new units was egregious. The competitive quote that we received was 40% (that is a 4 followed by a zero) lower to install the same equipment (a savings of over $6,000) if the units did in fact need to be replaced.2nd - the technician that reviewed our units found that the real issue was poor air flow from a ten dollar filter, and  a few minor repairs (saving us nearly $15,000 - and he guaranteed the work). His prognoses - our air conditioning units would last for years with simple yearly maintenance. The most disturbing part of my experience with West Coast Plumbing was what appeared to me to be deliberate actions to force me to purchase new units instead of honestly servicing the units we have. Our main unit was iced up - air flow needed to be unrestricted (changing the filter) - they didn't check the air flow but instead just pulled the breaker out of the unit and left it unplugged - told me it would be thousands to fix it and that they couldn't guarantee the work. When the other tech came by he plugged it back in and the unit instantly started pumping cold air. Replaced the air filter, and what do you know we saved $8000. In addition, on the same day that they came to our facility, a mysterious Yelp review shows up on the site from another yelper named Keith R. praising their services. I have asked Yelp to review this - when they do and notify me that the review is legitimate, I will modify this part of my review. Until then, my recommendation would be to go to a different company.
5	West Coast Plumbing is a Great Air Conditioning and Plumbing Company. I have used them on two occations, and the repairs and water heater replacement cost less than I expected. Robert the technician is very friendly and does quality work. The owner john is very easy going. I would recommend West Cost Plumbing and Air to my friends and family.
5	I love West Coast Plumbing & Air! I had a home inspection that turned up some slight issues with the air conditioning unit of a home that I am purchasing. I wanted a second opinion, so I contacted WCP&A first thing on Monday morning. Justin, who answered the phone was polite, courteous and scheduled the appointment for today. About 20 minutes ago I received a call from John (whom I believe is one of the owners) who stated "I would love to say that there is something wrong with the unit and you need work (joking of course) but I couldn't find anything wrong with it". Not only did he ease my fears, he stated that he wasn't going to charge me since he was already in the neighborhood! I am a Realtor and this won BIG brownie points with me. Not only will I give them my future business, they can count on me for future referrals for all of my clients!!
5	What great service by Dave. They got out to my place within a couple hours. We're on time, kind and courteous. He fixed the problem w the toilet quickly, checked out the rest of my lines in the front yard and charged me nothing. It's service like that which assures I will use west coast again. Thanks!
5	I had a big pool of water on the side of my house October 11th 2013. I did a ton of research on this company so I knew who to call first if I ever had a plumbing problem.  When I called they set an appointment to come out that day. They located and repaired the slab leak with a hot line re-rout from my water heater to the manifold in the master bedroom wall. They carefully explained the options including the benefits of a re-route instead of jack hammering the slab, through the tile of course, and patching the existing hot water line. It's apparent they practice high integrity because another well known, large plumbing contractor did the hammer and patch on that same line 4 years ago. What do you know?, it leaked again in a different spot! West Coast correctly pointed out that the line is compromised when it leaks and patching isn't the best option. They explained the options for the new line, copper vs. Pex pipe so even a laymen like me could understand it. The job was finished quickly but carefully. West Coast was professional and courteous in every part of the job. Moises was exceptionally professional and a true credit to the plumbing profession. The owner, John Ricart did the leak detection. He took great care to get it right. I didn't know until after he left that he was the owner. He just seemed like another humble pro in their shop. He runs a tight ship at West Coast Plumbing! Overall, I'm extremely satisfied with the price, workmanship and responsiveness. Well done!
5	Great customer service!  Our water heater went out and David B. was super prompt at getting out to the house the very same day we called, we were given a 2 hour timeframe of arrival and he was there within the first 15 minutes of that time!  He was very knowledgeable and friendly, and even mentioned the coupon on their website that we could print off to save a little off the cost of our new water heater.  Honest estimate, good pricing.  Highly recommend!
5	I recently had a clogged drain line and since I am on a septic tank with no above ground access, I did not know which to call - a septic tank company or a plumber. Could not find anyone who did both although several claimed they did. After the weekend past I finally decided on a lumber, who did not show up nor call. I got back on the internet and in desperation called West Coast. The man who answered was John, the owner. He was very nice and  discussed my problem patiently. He said he would send Moses out between 8 and 10 AM since I declined the offer to send someone at 10PM that night.Moses called at 8:05 AM to say he was in route and arrived shortly thereafter. He was a really nice young man who went over all the alternatives to resolve the problem and I decided on one. He went to work to clear the drain line. Fortunately that was the problem and I was finally, after 6 days able to run water! What a relief! I can't thank them enough for their fine and competent service as showing up on time and solving the problem promptly was so appreciated! Can't ask for more than that!! I would certainly recommend them!
5	The pipe under our bathroom sink needed replacing.  It's an old house so I guessed the job might not be an easy one.  We called West Coast after reading good things on Yelp.  They were able to get out to my place the same day as I called.  I was promised they would be there between 2 to 4 today.  Moises arrived before 2:00!The job was kinda involved.  It involved getting into the wall to repair some old pipe that had given up the ghost.  The tech was great at explaining what needed doing clearly so even I could understand it.  Moises could not have been more courteous or more diligent at the job.  He left the place neater than he found it and everything is in GREAT working order.  I had fantastic customer service from West Coast and the price was completely reasonable as well.Thank you!
5	I have used this company several times and have always received excellent service. My most recent call was for a leak in our soft water system. Moises came out to the house within 2 hours of calling on a Friday evening. He fixed the issue quickly, explained everything thoroughly and gave me options on proceeding forward. It was such a relief to have the problem fixed in such a timely manner. It's great to know that West Coast Plumbing & Air is available when needed and always come to the rescue with skilled technicians.
5	We had several issues we wanted a plumber to look at. I called WCP and set up an appt for first thing in the am. David texted me saying he was on his way, as scheduled. He arrived and within 15 min had assessed all our problems and had given us potential resolutions. Fortunately, we only needed him to fix our hot water heater and he did that within 30 min, even having left to pick up a part!! David was super friendly and very knowledgeable.  I will definitely use them again for any future plumbing needs. Thank u David!!
5	It's July in Phoenix, so of course our A/C goes out. They say it's hard to stop a Trane, but they haven't met mine, it's been down a lot and it's only seven years old!However, the silver lining to this cloud is West Coast Plumbing & Air. I called them this morning and someone was here in less than an hour. They were professional, courteous, and they knew what they were doing. No one has ever got our unit up and running so fast. They earned a customer today and my respect!
5	Our story is the same as many here with AC units that broke in the dead of summer.  Ours stopped working Saturday, July 12.  We called West Coast Plumbing & Air on Sunday after being without AC for more than 24 hours when the day before reached 110.  We had previously dealt with a terrible group that I won't name here and found West Coast Plumbing & Air at 1:00 pm on a Sunday through Yelp.  West Coast Plumbing & Air answered on the second ring.  I came to find out later, it was the owner who took our call.  He was professional, kind, polite and a problem solver.  He sent Rob, our AC technician to our home within an hour.  Rob was also very professional, polite and a problem solver.  We are tenants, which typically adds a layer of complication in making arrangements with a landlord.  Even with West Coast's office being closed on a Sunday they were able to offer us a choice between a "quick fix" to get AC on immediately or replacing the unit that was on borrowed time at 14 years old.  The landlord decided to replace with a new unit.  Rob had a new unit completely installed and pushing cold air through the AC vents by 6:00 pm Sunday night.  West Coast also came in $1,500 lower than the "big company" we had worked with earlier in the morning.  We ultimately found West Coast because the "big company" was rude and overpriced.I have never had any interaction with West Coast Plumbing & Air prior to last weekend.  I made decision to contact them only through positive reviews on Yelp and judging their website blind.  It was the best decision we ever made.  I highly recommend Rob and West Coast Plumbing & Air for any repairs or replacements.  They are kind, fair and extremely professional.  We are customers for life!
5	I have called this company before.  Moises came out & he was knowledgeable & professional.  I called them again yesterday because I suspected the freon was low in my A/C unit.  John asked me if my filter was clean & I appreciated him asking that before just coming out for a repair call.  He offered to come out yesterday.  I appreciate his quick response.  I was just talking to someone this week that had to wait several days for someone to come fix their A/C.
5	We had a hot water leak in a pipe underneath our house. There was no sign of water in the walls or on the floor, only a large area of hot tiles in the laundry room floor. Dave from "West Coast" came over with some hi-tech sounding  equipment and pinpointed the location right away. After the tile and slab were removed, he promptly installed a new pipe. The service and experience couldn't have been better. My wife will be happy to have hot showers again! Thanks West Coast!
5	I called for a almost emergency main drain clog during our remodel of the bathroom they sent out Brian who immediately got in to fix the problem that day he was honest and said that the clog had solved itself and instead of charging us the snaking fee and all that he only charged for his time! He was the very funny and nice and I appreciated his honesty about our pipes !
5	This is a great company!  The plumber who came is John and happens to be the manager too.  I have to say this is the best experience I had.  We had no cold water for about a yr.  John fixed the issue and cleaned out the calcium build up internally.  Most plumbers would replace the parts and up charge you with the parts and labor. He actually did not charge me anything because he was a little late.  I honestly did not expect that.  I am sure to call this company again for my plumbing issues. You all will not be disappointed by calling them.
