5	Wonderful experience with an amazing doctor and staff, every visit. My entire family goes here for all our exams and prescriptions. They also take CCSD insurance. A + in my book! Cheers
5	The staff and doctor are super nice and very accomodating (They got me in for a yearly exam same day)..  Their frames selection is pretty good and contact lens boxes are decent prices..  This is the first time I've seen an eye doctor more than once, and I definitely intend on going back..!
5	Another 5-star review from Yelpers! I haven't been in the office since December, but they still deserved a review; late or not.The front desk was always super kind and helpful and easy to talk with. The main girl may be back from Maternity leave now, and she is the one I knew best.The Doctor is the first one in Vegas to take into consideration my health history and eye history and explain what concerns she has and that she wanted me to see a Specialist for. This is a problem I have always had and every other Dr ignored it.Because of my 'special eyes' I tried on I'd say 6 different pairs of contacts, wear them for a few days and come back. Over and over. Thought I got the right pair, but didn't - because I ordered them through their website, they swapped out the contacts for me when I found the right pair.Use their contact ordering service, it's cheaper than 1800contacts - especially if you get their coupons!I always spent lots of time after my appts just chatting and Dr even clipped out a newspaper article she thought I'd be interested in looking at.I'd recommend anyone to Eyedentity
5	The staff and optometrist were super friendly and helpful. The service is superb.  I am new to my insurance plan and the staff was so patient to explain all the benefits I am entitled to. The Dr. was nice and gentle. She was very thorough with the eye exam and was not pushy to have you buy glasses/contact lens from them at all.The facility seems new, clean, and comfortable.  The location is quite convenient and it's located in a strip mall where there are Smith's, Starbucks, restaurants, etc.  Highly recommended.  I will definitely go back again next year for my annual eye exam.
5	THEE nicest optometrist ever! Its always a pleasure seeing Dr. Maloney for my annual eye check ups.. Trust! You won't be disappointed.
5	Dr. Maloney was absolutely helpful and friendly! great optometrist to go too!
5	dr maloney was awesome. she was so nice n informative!!! she did tests that other places havent done on me and told me what they were for. nifty!!!the receptionist was able to fit me in last min since im from ca n like a dumbass, forgot my contacts. my script was expired n they were able to do an exam for me. totally cheap too since i didnt have insurance. LOVE this place!!! if i lived in vegas this wuld be my place for my eyes!
5	I'm new to the Las Vegas area and thru these wonderful reviews and research I decided to go 19 miles away for this specific office.  I want to thank everyone who left quality reviews that helped me in making this decision.  Dr. Maloney and her receptionist were very pleasant and the facility was clean and comfortable and the prices were very competitive.  As long as I live here in Vegas, this will be my office of choice for eye health.
3	When I took the exam last year, the doctor was friendly and knowledgeable, and I didn't have to wait long, they weren't very busy it seemed.However, I've lost my prescription since my exam and they wouldn't give me a copy of it unless I retook the exam. Over the phone they told me to step by and they'll give me another copy, but after a 15 mile drive the receptionist pulled my file and said I'd have to retake the exam if I want a copy since I took it last year. She checked with someone in the back (probably the doctor) and returned with the same response: I can't get those 5 numbers on a piece of paper like I did the time I took the exam unless I pay and take it again. She was so insistent that I take it, it felt like I was in a car dealership. I realized then that I was told to step by and pick up the copy just so that perhaps they can squeeze some more money out of me, since I might as well retake the exam now that I'm there.Mind you, this is an unofficial printout of the numbers with which I can order glasses online, the only reason they won't give you a copy is so that you pay them again. A clerical fee of $5 for a copy of your prescription would have been reasonable, but the big money is in taking a whole new exam, isn't it Dr. Maloney?Needless to say, I didn't retake the exam there despite them insisting, I'm taking my business somewhere else.Business may be slow at Eyedentity, but this is no way to treat your patrons.
4	We have been going here for  almost 4 years now. Even though we're kinda far from her offoce now, we still like going over here. Dr. Maloney is awesome! She's very informative and doesn't rush with all the testing. Staff is very friendly too. The only down side is, they only have so little selection of frames, especially for kids. So this time we went somewhere else to find a good, nice, kiddie frame. It would have been 5 star :( We'll definitely go back here for our eye check-ups annually.
5	I chose this place because of the reviews and honestly the price was very reasonable. I don't mind paying for a good eye doctor but sometimes it feels other companies are just ripping you off. I even looked for groupons and yelp discounts and they were by far the cheapest. I paid $140 for an eye exam and contact fitting.I felt the doctor was very knowledgeable and answered all of my questions. She took considerable time with me, and they seem to book appointments allowing each person to have enough time and not feel rushed or have to wait for hours. The office is nice, doesn't feel like they are herding cows which I've experienced in others. In and out in one hour is exactly what I needed. Overall VERY happy with my experience and would recommend to anyone!
5	What a great office. The front desk staff was excellent, friendly and helpful. Dr. Malonoy was very personable. She spent a great deal of time with us discussing our exams and the results. In addition, they are open 7 days a week!
