3	It's the closest Mickey D's to where I am. Sadly, it's like most American McDonalds locations...bums at the door who hope that by them holding the door open for you, you will give them spare change and mostly colored folk working the cash registers. It's more expensive than in the States, as most things seem to be here in Canada. What it costs me for a hamburger, fries, and a soda in the U.S is almost a full dollar or more here. It gets crowded at night and there are of course the local kids who come in to order food and or just use the bathroom. The ketchup dispenser isn't always full.
2	It's a McD's that's open (I believe) 24 hours... that should be all the review you need to know what to expect.  There's always a few homeless hanging around the door, as well as a bunch more that will sleep at tables inside during the later hours.The only time I've gone here was late night, for a mid-drinking pit stop.  Which is all McDonald's food is really good for, in my opinion.  Laying down a base for the booze.The staff is about average for a McD's... which is to say, less then agreeable.  But in the 90 seconds it takes to spit out, "Medium Big Mac meal, Sprite no ice."  Who really cares about customer service?  They're probably making less then decent money, working crap hours and dealing with every form of pain-in-the-ass under the sun.  They get a pass if they're a bit grumpy.One night after getting our food and sitting down, me and my friends were joined by a uninvited girl that was clearly tweaking on something.  But she wasn't doing anything but telling us stories about how the government abducted here and implanted a tracking chip in her head.  To 3 drunks that were there just to shovel greasy burgers down our throats, she was more then welcome entertainment.But that gives you the idea of the type of atmosphere you'll find in the late night hours in this joint.
3	Ahhh...The smell of urine as you walk through the front door to get your morning cup of coffee from this Macca (McD's) is what wakes you up first - not the coffee!It's prone to homeless people with always having a pan handler outside asking for change. I tend to make this my breakfast stop - so the staff here tend to be quick and very friendly. Rarely do they mix up orders.The new line of coffees from the McCafe are great. Love the Mocca.
2	The service are always slow, and sometimes rude (well it's McDonald's, but I've seen better). The only thing that bothers me is that they cannot execute an order without any flaws, I asked for extra onions and bacon and no pickles for my burger, and paid the extra costs, however all I got was one slice of bacon and... bunch of pickles.I've come to this place too much, and recently I've discovered another McDonald's in Eaton Centre, I'd suggest that place over here because I cannot see how can it get worse than this.
1	Homeless PitThe restaurant is as dirty as the streetsI got sick after eating at this McDonalds - BewareThey don't give you free refills The tables smelled swampyThe wireless internet didn't work
1	I understand it is not a fine dinning restaurant but when I get bad customer service from the manager herself, that's terrible. She was wearing a different uniform, she is May be the team leader or the manager. I went there in the morning just to get some coffee. She was behind the cash, busy texting on her phone while taking my order and she had me repeat what I want because clearly she was not paying attention. I found that a bit too much. One more thing, every other staff I saw there was wearing a hair net except for her which is not hygienic. I would never order food at that location.
