1	Horrible food. This place re-heats frozen Costco crap for tourists, nothing is fresh and I honestly believe that the corporation that owns this dump of a chain doesn't have any chefs on staff. It makes me livid that such a place survives in Montreal, but they have beautiful posters of food and the place is packed with American tourists who don't know any better and who will never return.Go to any of the pubs around the corner on Crescent street and you will find good if not amazing food.
2	to be honest we were looking for a simple casual affordable place for lunch. we stumbled upon miike's resto bar which has a good feel when you walk in. its very casual, but the prices don't really match up with the decor because it turned out to be more expensive than we thought. they do have specials which are plastered all over the windows which also attracted us here but i probably will not be back the next time i am here in montreal. the food was nothing special and was not memorable. that sucks though because the location is great for business.
4	Great, fast-casual Italian restaurant with a little MTL flair. A great first experience in this lovely city for our first trip here.We began with the sunshine dip which was a delicious concoction of cheese and wine accompanied by thin pizza bread wedges. Delicious!I had the multigrain pasta with bolognese sauce. Delicious, meaty, flavorful, and very filling. It came with a side bread stick (the thick and soft kind). He had the roasted salmon with rice and vegetables. Delicious.We topped off our dinner by sharing a slice of Tarte de sucre, which was a regional specialty apparently via its use of maple syrup. I thought it would be too cloyingly sweet, but it was an amazingly balanced treat.Great staff, fun surroundings, lovely clientele. Good MTL soccer match on the tele as well.I would go back in a heartbeat!
2	I must have blinked, and missed something, as I am not sure what happened to this restaurant. I remember coming here with friends in the 90s and it had big portions, reasonable prices and friendly service. When you walk into this restaurant, it is amazing. The decor screams, we went through a restaurant makeover, look at us! look at us! And as a person who doesn't like change, I was leary but remembered that they had some good food here. It was busy but we were still seated quickly. Looking over the menu, I noticed that it had definitely changed. Or did it? It still served pizza and subs, but MORE. The prices have definitely gone up, A LOT. I remember that my usual order of their combo contained had BOTH pizza and a sub, which were no longer on the menu together. BTW, $3 for a soft drink and no refill. The food is exactly like your neighbourhood pizza joint, very tasty. The prices are more than I would have liked to spend. The ambiance, WOW!!!!So, food was still good, value no longer there.
4	In complete contrast to other reviews on here, I found Mike's to pretty well priced, actually..they even have a lunch menu but sadly it's only available on weekdays. A friend and I stopped in here for lunch after wandering around for a while looking for "light Italian food" which my friend wanted. I guess we didn't want to go to Guido and Angelina, the Italian place several doors down from this place. Anyways, since I didn't know this place, I decided to have something simple and not too overboard. I ordered a simple spaghetti bolognese with a breadstick and my compadre ordered a sub sandwich with a salad. Pasta was very well done but like all Montreal places that have pasta, they serve it up in the "Montreal" way and drown the dish in sauce which I don't like. Anyways, I'm not complaining as the dish was good. Service was friendly and efficient and the place was quite uncrowded on this Sunday afternoon.
3	Accueil ok, choix varie, service assez rapide. Legumes frais, pour la viande, j'en suis moins convaincu.Helas, serveuse peu douee pour l'ecoute active (Gabrielle). Pas de merci malgre pourboire ni d'au revoir.Correct si vous venrz de l'aeroport, avec decala horaire, qu'il est dimanche soir, que vous etes en face de l'Apple RetailnStore et souhaitez diner a proximite ;-)
3	When I go downtown with my daughter, we always end up brunching there. The brunch offer is pretty decent, tasty, and the service is always polite and effective. It's one of the few restaurants where my toddler behave correctly: maybe because she likes to look at the people on the St-Catherine street.Otherwise, it's has a decent price for their brunch. I always take their casserole with potatoes, bacon, sausages and egg, and my daughter is always devours her pancakes.For the supper, again, this is a restaurant that can cater to all the different tastes of a big group, so consider it a 'safe' place to make a reservation when you're downtown and need restaurant with a wide offer. The food is good, but nothing extraordinary to rave about to your friends in the future.
4	We went to Mikes for dinner, and while the food was decent, the price is a little bit over the top. The service was great, the food were prepared quickly (and were very tasty). I really like the pasta menu.
5	This place has a breakfast pizza. That's reason enough to go there.
3	Food is decent but not worth the high prices.  The waitress we had was being rude and yelling at another younger waitress.  It would have been nice if she would have been doing her job, not yelling at another staff member.
3	Going with low expectations, it was a quite ok experience.Yes, it's a chain. The food is nice, the service was ok, and I have nothing to complain about beside finding it slightly overpriced (but then again it's St Catherine and even though there are a lot of good choices there, the bad options are not lacking)
3	Good food but slow service! Although I didn't like the salmon eggs Benedict. The pancakes were amazing!
1	Mike's on St. Catherine St. in Montreal has the distinction of being the first restaurant that my family and I have walked out of. My misgivings about the place turned out to be right. The menu reads like a Denny's, and while I have nothing against Denny's, it just wasn't the experience we were looking for, given the large number of eateries in the area. The person who greeted my kids was pretty friendly, giving them crayons and making them laugh, and giving us a nice table. But then the service went downhill from there. Our server was clueless - she was in the middle of taking our order for our kid's meal, and then someone enters the restaurant she knows, and she JUST WALKS AWAY from the table to shake his hand, make a reservation for him, and catch up on life. She is then gone for about 10 minutes, after she has spent time chatting with her acquaintance, and even gone to refill drinks somewhere else, etc. My wife was furious and asked for another waiter - no one ever showed up for minutes after that. So we just picked up our things and left. Reading the other reviews here, I think we dodged a bullet. We also informed our hotel's concierge and they have put Mike's on a "do not recommend" list, saying that this was not the first time they had heard about the service and "I really don't care" management.
1	Absolutely the worst service ever. This restaurant needs to rethink how it treats customers as apparently the customers are at the bottom of their  priority list. They need to train their staff to treat customers with respect. Given that their food is way below the standard of the amazing restaurants nearby, disrespectful staff will be their downfall. If you value your dining experience, avoid eating here.
2	We went for breakfast - The server was nice, the food was mediocre at best. My hollandaise was white as snow - and bland. The coffee was weak and boring. We ordered a side of bacon, and it was dry and limp. I'm not even sure how that is possible. It was inexpensive: breakfast for two under $30, but I ended change from my server, and she rooted around in her apron for $5 in nickels and dimes! Not cool. We won't be back.
4	We visited from Boston and came with 9 people in our party. At first, we were worried that we would be treated differently because we didn't speak French and you could tell we were American, but we were pleasantly surprised. Our waitress was very kind and tried very hard to speak her best English and accommodate us as best as she could. The food was delicious and the menu had a variety that pleased everyone in my party. The portions were perfect sized: we all finished our plates and were very satisfied. Nice atmosphere, we were all pleased.
1	Had literally the worst service today.  The waitress did not take order until 30 minutes after sitting down, despite many attempts to get attention. Furthermore it took 45 minutes to get the food after we ordered and then they forgot one of the foods so we had to wait more time.  Then they promised free dessert and coffee but once we got the bill, they tried to add it in. Would not recommend as food was sub par.
4	Food was really good, I got the pizza rolls with the linguine it was v nice. A lil pricey for my liking though. Only down side was the server never gave us any water..
