5	Braydon and the rest of the team at Pinnacle Capital Mortgage in the Scottsdale Branch does a great job at understanding your needs and helping you to qualify for the program that best fits your needs. I would highly recommend Braydon if you need a loan for a new home purchase, a refinance, and also renovation.
5	Braydon is on top of his game in terms of closing deals, and has the knowledge and understanding of all the different financial products he and his team provides.  Along with his knowledge in the lending market, Braydon always keeps up to date with the latest to ensure his customers are getting the best deals available. Those exceptional services puts him over the edge against his competition. He is highly recommended as one of my top referrals to anyone seeking a loan or a refinance on a home.
5	Im very satisfied and happy that I chose Braydon and his team for my new home purchase. Everything was handled very promptly and professionally. I was well informed of everything and taken care of throughout the entire process.  I will definitely be using Braydon again in the future.
5	Braydon and his team have been providing our clients with the best rates and the best customer service of any loan organization we have worked with in the past. We have worked with the big banks in the past, as well as other lenders and Braydon can always beat their rates, and his customer services makes for the fastest possible closing times. He is Responsive, efficient, and friendly. Braydon has worked with us on several loans for our clients within the last year, and we will continue to recommend him to  all of our future clients for their transactions. It has been a pleasure working with the best loan officer in Arizona. If you want your deals to close on time, DO NOT use any other lender, use the best  and forget the rest!Joplin & Schaffler Real EstateCambridge Properties
5	Braydon and his team provide the best customer service. They are always on top of everything and are very professional.  I highly recommend you use this company and his team for all of your needs.
5	I have done many deals together with Braydon Dennis and his team at Pinnacle Capital Mortgage, and I can say he is a true professional. He was able to offer our clients many lending options, and helped us close our transactions smoothly while being a great asset to our clients. I will continue to use Braydon as one of my preferred lenders, and recommend him to anyone looking for an exceptional lender!
5	Braydon is the best! I just closed a purchase transaction and I could not be happier with Braydon and his team.
