3	Best IHOP I have been to in years.  I mean, they had CLOWNS making BALLOON ANIMALS - not your average IHOP.  Good service, too.  Lots of people were waiting for tables when we got there, but the wait was still very short.  And, I had a very yummy omelet.  Great to be with family for the holidays - that just made the whole experience even better!
5	Just got done eating here. I had the bacon omelette. Wow it was fantastic. Our service was great. Food came out fast. I have no complaints.
4	One thing I've found about IHOPs---service and cleanliness vary from location to location.  This IHOP is one of the cleanest we've ever been to plus service has always been consistent, as has the food.I recommend going for breakfast which, IMO, is what IHOP does best.  We've never been disappointed when we've dined at this IHOP.
1	Well some call me a perfectionist but when I pay for things I expect to get great customer service, and a great product. This place met the first requirement no problem. From the moment we walked in we where taken to a table with lots of leg room ( I am 6 foot 7 so leg space is important) lol. The tables where clean and the dining room was free of clutter and dirty dishes (so far so good)! Our waitress was real upbeat and took our drink orders while smiling at my little niece. After only a few minutes our drink orders were placed in front of us and our meal order taken. Now up to this point I will say that everything was looking good. The smell of bacon and buttermilk pancakes was making my stomach growl and my mouth water. The raspberry tea I had ordered was sweet and cold just the way I like it. I sat there thinking could I really be happy with a meal from a chain eatery? Then with the sound of a plate being placed in front of me I was snapped back to a dreadful reality. My steak sandwich had arrived looking large enough to justify the price ($7.99 and includes fries) but it looked like it may have been made a few hours before hand and just reheated. The meat was over cooked and cold. The cheese was not even melted all the way and the bread was kind of hard. I could only handle a few bites before I gave up. The fries on the other hand where great. Crispy, not oily and with a touch of seasoning salt for flavor. Almost like my grandma 's fries from when I was a kid. So would I eat here again? No not when I do not eat breakfast food and can still get a better sandwich from Red Robin.
4	I love breakfast food, I only eat out since I dont like to clean up the mess I make. It is very easy to make the food they make at these places but if you want a meal that is as close to some home cooking as you can get hit up your local Ihop. I love the pancakes and the omlets with a big glass of milk. Being open 24 hours mean no matter what time of the day its always a great time for the most important meal of the day :) Breakfast.
4	how can you go wrong with IHOP?  the food is a wide variety and the prices are really good.  i know that pancakes cost pennies to make but still.  the caramel hot cocoa is absolutely too sweet and my kids couldn't even drink them- it was nasty.  great value
1	It started out pleasant until I had to ask the server to cook my food a lil longer as it is way under cook, and I asked for it well done.She returned bout 25 mins later with a new dish. Unfortunately, it was still undercook. The middle was soggy and runny. After waiting patiently for nearly an hour for my food ... and my mates were already done eating their food... I was getting a bit pissy, but managed to remain cordial.Instead of checking on my order, she was busy socialising and taking fotos with diners in another table. We were wondering if she was already off the clock, or on break, or something.Finally, my food arrived. Yes, for the 3rd time! It was still undercook. I suggested to have the heat lower and leave the bloody thing just a little longer til it's browned. She raised her voice and was no longer cordial. In my younger days, I would have argued with her with regards to her sub-par and inconsistent service, and their food. The food was inedible for me after taking a bite or two. Finally I asked if I need to pay for the food I did not order? "Yep, coz you ate it!"  (apply improper customer service attitude) *hahaha* Madam slacker, I ate a portion. Finally, a 10% discount was applied after much "discussion."We are so looking forwad to dining again at this IHOP location! NOT.IN.A.GOOGLE.YEARS! *faiiiiil*
3	Ehhhh I have never been a big IHop fan. I mean how good can eggs really get? lol  nothing impressive, nothing bad.  You want breakfast and you're in the area, sure why not.
1	Would be good if they would fill your drinks. Or bring your food after 30min. Terrible service!!!!!
2	Food was OK....had to send pancakes back to have them done correctly. If it says "just like a jelly donut" & the picture shows how it should look well? Why didn't the kitchen prepare it correctly. Had to send drink back...something floating in bottom. And waitress not real attentive.. Never came while eating to check on us or refill drinks.
1	Got seated with this location literally empty, one family as the sole customer. The dining room had at least 6 tables with dirty dishes, napkins, etc left as if this place just had a massive later dinner rush. After 10 minutes of waiting for  server to offer to bring drinks or water, one server continued wiping down the table next to us and said nothing as if we didn't exist. That was plenty to say See Ya! I have to wonder how the heck this place does business.
