4	This location was previously a Robertos.  It is a similar in style to Robertos - quick serve mexican restaurant.  I go here not expecting culinary greatness - more for a quick flavorful lunch.  It's cheap and they almost always have a lunch special.  The Chile Relleno burrito is my favorite.  Ask for 2 rellenos and less of the other stuff.  Some times they have chicken tacos for .99... Bueno!Basically - nothing fancy, but it's fast, tasty and cheap.
5	This is the bomb for Mexican fast food!!!I could eat here 7 days a week. The bean and cheese burrito, beef tacos are the best I've eaten. When visiting Vegas , I make sure to drive here several times for my Mexican food fix. Inexpensive and fast, tasty food. Highly recommended.
4	The name is brilliant, but I laugh every time I say "Some Berto's." But as a seasoned cook of 20 yrs, and a pallet that consumes hot sauces of 800,000 cu heat units, I can still say that there are still plenty of flavors in this Berto's locale. I get the Carne Asada Fries mostly, and I have tried Don Tortaco, Fausto's and of course Roberto's and there is something about Algo's that is a tad bit better. The salsa bar has more choices and is always clean whenever I visit.If you are in the area, I recommend.Be weary of people who don't have an affinity in the kitchen, and one's who don't understand that taste buds change every 7 yrs.
3	This is much like Robertos with a slight difference in taste.. after a great workout at the gym I had a craving for the tacos and enchiladas.. It's amazing how this stuff taste so much better after a few beers/cocktails. I know I wasted my workout for this stuff.. and this time I agree.. after I ate it, I felt the gut bomb sitting in my stomach. So I will have to push the craving demons away and only eat this stuff after a night out. Roberto's seems slightly better.. but it could be the same exact recipies.. who knows?
4	The only reason this isn't a 5-star is we have only had their burritos.  Highly recommend them.  We've been several times and have nothing but positive things to say.  The decor is simple, leaving the food to speak for itself.  Staff is plesant and welcoming; look forward to our next visit!R&J
5	YUMMO!!! We love Algobertos all the way! Chicken Tacos, Carne Asada Fries, Chicken Flautas, Bean Burritos, Enchiladas..... I could go on! Algobertos food and salsa is by far better than when it was previously a Robertos! It is a family favorite in our house, as we can all get something we enjoy there! We are always in and out and they have a super nice staff and they are alao a family run business :)
5	YUM! We actually like Algobertos better than the Robertos in the area. Algobertos is a favorite of ours! Carne Asada nachos, Bean and Cheese Burritos, Rolled Tacos and Super Burritos are among our favorites when we go. The staff is always friendly and the owners are usually there too always smiling! We can't wait to check out the one they opened in Searchlight!
5	I eat here like everyday!The staff is great. Friendly and helpful.Carne asada fries, tortas, rolled tacos and quesidillas are great!!!!!!This is a clean taco shop!
4	This is a good cheap Mexican restaurant, not the greatest, but never disappointing. Not sure why yelp rates this at two dollar signs for cost, definitely one dollar sign pricing. I normally stick with the California burrito, but have never ordered anything that I didn't like.
5	Found a new hidden treasure this evening!!  I have been searching for a local taco shop that has Carne Asada Burritos that are not only flavorful, but don't squirt oil all over the place when you take a bite out of it.  I have had a difficult time finding a taco shop that is as good as any in San Diego, CA.  I ordered 4 Carne Asada Burritos, 1 Breakfast Ham Burrito, & 3 beef Flautas. My order was prepared very quickly.  You have to give this place a try, the food is good, the place is spotless clean, the girl working the counter is friendly, and the food is fairly priced. Overall, I rate this Mexican Taco Shop my new favorite for the Northwest (Centennial Hills) area. I found this place tucked away behind the 7-11 at the corner of Farm @ Cimarron
4	Great "mom and pop" style Mexican burrito joint. The chimichanga was great! It's definitely a "don't judge a book by its cover" place.
3	This spot is kinda hidden in the back of a shopping center with a 7-11 and the Lucky's Lounge. It's pretty much exactly like Roberto's with a different name. I think they might even use some of the same pictures on their menu. Ok, I'm kidding...but they are close! The food here is ok and they have a pretty good selection. I had a California burrito and my wife had a chicken burrito. They have really good tortillas and both meats were decent, not overcooked, tender, and had good flavor. I liked their salsa bar too, their green sauce is really tasty. They are fairly cheap but a little pricy for add-ons...my wife wanted sour cream and they up charged her $0.95. We also had chips but the store bought, runny guacamole kinda ruined them for me.With Leticia's just down the street and a Roberto's not far either, I wouldn't pick Algobertos as my first stop. But they have good prices, the place is spotless and the food was decent enough to come back, especially on days they have specials!
4	I love this place. I was sad when I saw the Roberto's close here but was pleasantly surprised to see Algoberto's opening. I eat here at least twice a week, and I ate the Carne Asada Fries for dinner last night.I love the food here, the only thing negative is it can be a little pricey. Their drinks are a major up-charge, but there is a gas station across the way to get cheap drinks from.
4	This place is great for that late night munchie. My wife and I ate here on a Monday night and we thought it was going to be like Robertos. The menu is identical but the quality is above and beyond Robertos. We ordered Chicken Tacos and a Cane Asada Burrito. The Chicken Tacos were stuffed to perfection. There was an even blend of cheese and lettuce. Not to forget the chicken was seasoned great. The Cane asada Burrito was stuffed with all the goodies and they didnt even charge me for all the extras. The price was exceptional. We spent $8.00 and got (1) Carne Asada Burrito with extras (4) Chicken Tacos and (1) Large Fountain Coke. So I have to say $8.00 well spent!!!
4	Algoberto's is similar to Roberto's similar menu. One of my favorite things to get here is the Menudo which you can only order on Saturday and Sundays, sometimes they run out quick so if your craving for some Menudo you have to make sure you come early. The lengua tacos are also delicious here. They have a special for 5 small tacos and a small drink for under $6.
5	We LOVE Algoberto's! We could eat there daily! Our fav is the carne asada fries & carne asada chimichanga. YUMMY!!
5	So far I've eaten the carne asada nachos and menudo. Both were excellent tasting. I'm Hispanic, so I'm a little biased on Mexican food. I would definitely recommend this restaurant for fast Mexican food if your in the centennial area.
4	I actually found this place via a search on Yelp. Located at Cimarron and Farm, it's much the same as any other taco shop. There is nothing fancy here. A few tables, a menu board and a self service fountain soda machine featuring Pepsi products. But do you come for the decor or good Mexican food? Having had my fair share of Mexican over the years, I can honestly say you won't be disappointed. I have been a few times now and it has always been bueno. My most recent visit was my first experience with their carne asada burrito. I must say it was better than the last CAB I had at Roberto's. My daughter echoed those same thoughts about the bean and cheese burrito. I will definitely be frequenting when the craving for Mexican hits.
4	A great cali-mex type of joint. Exactly like Roberto's but better service. Always a great tasting meal with a smile. Reminds me of a local hole in the wall place after catching some tasty waves.
5	I eat here at least twice a month with my wife. Sometimes we eat in and sometimes we carry out. The food is amazing, I highly recommend it.
5	I absolutely love this place! We've been going here for years now. The food is so delicious and the employees are always friendly and nice.We especially love the beef chimichangas, fish tacos, enchiladas, and taquitos. But from experience you can't go wrong with anything you order. We usually call ahead and pick up our food. Don't forget to ask about their specials...great deals with those.
5	My family comes just for the Flauntas,, can't find them anywhere else close,, and they are delicious!
5	Cleanliness: 5 StarsThe front of the restaurant smells and appears very clean and sanitary. This small shop definitely takes pride in ownershipHospitality: 5 starsThe staff was smiling and greeted me with a welcome. I used their call ahead order service and was impressed with the friendliness and promptness received.  Food: 5 StarsThe portions are large and made fresh to order. All our meals were hot and came accurate.Overall:This place is great for a "quick" meal and more affordable than a traditional sit down restaurant. I would recommend to others looking for non-traditional Mexican food on the go this is a good option.
5	Never knew this place existed and let me tell you it is a diamond in the ruff. Tastes better than robertos and much closer too. Will definitely be going back!
3	I finally tried this place because it is nearby and it has a lot of good reviews. It's just fine if you're looking for Mexican take out food. If you've lived in Vegas for a while you know that Roberto's is the standard for decent, cheap Mexican food around here. Algobertos is pretty much the same thing. The menu looked to be nearly identical. I ordered a chili Verde burrito and it did not disappoint. There isn't a whole lot more to say. If anything it was a little cleaner than the average Roberto's and the self serve area with the red and green sauces had something I haven't seen anywhere else, freshly chopped jalapenos mixed with onions. So that was pretty cool. But honestly, the food is the standard fare for this area. If it's close by it's worth it but not if Roberto's is closer.
