4	Located in the Epicentre Mall, this CVS Pharmacy turned out to be a blessing for me!I'm staying at the Omni across the street and, while I have a minibar in my room, I suppose the staff didn't deem me responsible enough to give me the key so I can access its contents.    Quite frankly, even if I were to access the contents, the prices are so out of whack that I wouldn't bother.    The first night at the hotel I opted for tap water and ice so as not to open the alluring $6 bottle of Panna water sitting next to be my ice bucket.Thankfully, the second evening of my trip, I found this CVS Pharmacy right across the street from my hotel and I stocked up on ice cold water, ice cream sandwich and a variety of snacks.   Woot!   The only thing I was bummed is I couldn't pick up any spirits, but I gather that's state law, so I certainly won't hold CVS responsible for that.   They do sell beer and wine, as far as I could tell.I must say I'm a bit surprised I'm the first person to review this place.
4	I think it's safe to say that many of you know what CVS is and what they carry. So, let's get down to the brass tacks regarding this particular CVS...1) It's in EpiCentre. I can only imagine how convenient this is for visitors staying at neighboring hotels. If you need pretty much anything that may be found in a mini bar or a pharmacy, get it here. Save money. 2) The store is quite large and pretty clean. All good things.3) With some uber convenient pharmacy/convenient stores, sometimes you'll see in intense markup in prices. I didn't notice that here. Same specials and similar pricing to its CVS counterparts on Graham St. and on South Blvd. 4) Don't expect parking to be validated, here or pretty much anywhere in EpiCentre unless you're seeing a doctor or a movie. Yes, I'm serious. 5) Candy and seasonal selection is pretty sweet. Nom.Enjoy CVS and ignore those mini bars, Charlotte visitors!
3	This location is convenient for people visiting the Epicentre, as well as people in the downtown area. I also work in a restaurant in the area and have stopped here many times. Our staff's candy and RedBull consumption alone I'm sure accounts for a great deal of their profits. I also like that they're open late, so when I get off work and remember that I'm out of shampoo, it's easy to grab on my way to the train.That's exactly their problem though- with such a convenient location and late night hours, they're hardly ever staffed appropriately. There is typically a line a mile long, and only 1 register open no matter what time I go in. I could understand if it had just opened and they needed to work out kinks, but they've been open plenty long enough to know that the EpiCentre gets busy on weekend nights. It should not take 20 minutes in line just to grab wine and nail polish remover.
4	I have been staying at the Ritz and didn't want to spend $3 for a tiny bottle of soda. So I stopped by the nearby CVS. I saw it from my window and it was within walking distance. I picked up a few snacks while I was there and found that the prices were pretty reasonable. A few days later I made a second visit to buy a nail file, paid and forgot the item on the counter. I got back to my hotel room and realized that I forgot it. The receipt did not have a phone number to call so I had to walk back to CVS to see if someone turned it in. To my luck, the person behind me turned it in and I was able to get my nail file without any trouble. So in that regard, the service was great. If you are looking for a quick trip for necessitiies and snacks, CVS caters but you will most likely have to do self checkout. There is no one at the full service checkout counter.
4	Location, location, location.  This is the best uptown spot for a pharmacy.  MUCH better than the dinky little Rite-Aid across from the Atrium that always has a line about 4 deep.  This is a spacious CVS with a nice big beauty section and NEW self-serve checkouts (which is awesome if you just need to run in super quick and buy something... or if you need embarrassing hemorrhoid cream or pregnancy tests).  I'm a huge CVS fan anyways, so having this place so close is awesome.I also imagine it's great for "clubbing emergencies" like not enough glitter, or a broken heel on your sky-high heels (YOU try walking on that cobblestone pathway in heels after a few drinks and tell me how easy it is!).
3	Hello Friends!!Like a lot of my reviews, this place is near my place of employment. Its a toss up between this place and R.A. a little closer to my job. I come here for snacks and a sometimes trinket. This place has just added a self-checkout (dangerously too close to the exit/entrance IMO). This location sales alcohol. Very spacious, and Best of all...... CLEAN. I've been here a few times where the clerk was rather short and rude, but I chalked it up to them being of a older generation and upset that customers actually want service. Go Figure!!No biggie, Its all good. They have a CVS card you can sign up for like any other store's "Reward Program"
2	I have a love/hate relationship with the EpiCentre which extends to many of the businesses in it. Living a couple blocks away, some of the shops come in very handy. Conversely, the clientele the EpiCentre attracts reminds me that we humans really are just hairless apes. I half expect Sir David Attenborough to start narrating in hushed whispers all the alpha male posturing and female displays of fertility. Paradoxically, the mere attribute of being located in the complex is both a virtue and a weakness. This brings me to CVS, easily the most useful shop in the EpiCentre. They're open until midnight, a good 1-3 hours later than everywhere else one might hope to find cigarettes, alcohol, espresso, chocolate and other necessities for clean living. So how does a store that would otherwise have a solid 3 or 4 stars end up with only 2? Read on, dear Yelper and heed this cautionary tale of the dangers of mediocrity. Or rather, learn how with a good enough location, poor customer service can incur virtually no consequences at all. Viva la EpiCentre!I find myself in this CVS several times a week. And like Bill Murray's character in Groundhog Day, I know exactly how it's gonna go down. As I approach the store I can be certain that the amount of time waiting in line will far exceed the amount of time actually shopping. One of the 3 U-Scan terminals will not be working and the other 2 will have difficulty keeping up. Progress will be further retarded by the lone attendant who has to scan a card to confirm age for those buying tobacco and alcohol, retrieve cigarettes from a locked cabinet, and--presumably--make sure nobody just walks out without paying. Given the amount of time it takes to pay, one could be forgiven for trying. However, at no point will it occur to any of the employees that perhaps 5 minutes ago would've been a good time to open a proper register or two, before the U-Scan lines got long enough to fork and extend down 2 aisles.If you're lucky someone may eventually announce the opening of a register in the cosmetic department, a courtesy afforded only to those not purchasing tobacco products. Just don't expect anything approaching civilized decency from your fellow customers if you do choose this option. People who know damn well they were behind you in one line will miraculously appear ahead of you in the new one. To avoid the very real risk of violence, it's best not to make an issue of this with the offending customer. Remember, this is the EpiCentre, the Heart of Darkness. Polite social norms are not recognized on this corner of College and Trade St. You're in the jungle now, baby. Sha-na-na-na-na.
5	Staff is very friendly. Whenever I call with a question the person who answers is always helpful.
3	Just started using the CVS pharmacy here and so far so good.  You never really know how cordial of a person you're gonna get so I was actually pleasantly surprised when everyone was uber nice. I had a little bit of an issue with my order and they called the doctor's office for me and straightened it all out while I was standing there.  There's not a lot to ask of a pharmacy but this was a pretty big deal for me.The location of this particular store works best for me because of where I live.  It's within walking distance.
4	I went in to get a TB test done for volunteer work. The minute clinic staff was friendly. I was helped in a timely manner and in and out in less than 30 minutes. Also, the management staff is extremely friendly and asked if needed help the minute I walked through the door. I don't have an opinion regarding the pharmacy, but will write a different review if I ever visit for that service.
4	This review is based on the "Minute Clinic" only.I called prior to my visit and was told there were no were patients waiting. I arrived, completed the kiosk submission. The kiosk submission was a smooth process, enter the basic visit information. After browsing for less than 5 minutes my name was called. The doctor was very attentive and thorough the entire visit, and very friendly. I was in and out within 30 minutes and I was able to fill the prescription there, within 5-10 minutes. A great experience! And, I know, when I cannot get into my primary care doctor I will give CVS Minute Clinic my next visit.
