3	Well, they've only been open two weeks, so I'll cut them some slack and let them work the bugs out. First of all, the entrees were quite good. The food seems fresh and well prepared. Also, the value for the price seems good. Here are a couple of things that need improvement: 1) Tap water. Really? Also, it doesn't come automatically and we had the chips and (quite spicy) salsa for a long time before the water (which we had to ask for) arrived. 2) The salsa. Mexican places live and die on their chips and salsa and this restaurant can do better. The chips are a mix of flour and corn (why not just corn? that's what most people prefer, in my opinion) and the salsa is not chunky at all, but is instead, not that flavorful, pureed and overly hot. Doesn't fit the majority of people, for sure. Service was pretty slow and food seemed to be coming to the wrong tables (someone tried to deliver to us while we still had menus in front of us, no drinks, clearly had not ordered yet. All that said, we will try them again and hope the kinks are worked out!
2	Not sure if this is just normal for a place that just opened but pretty much everything was bad for us. Too bright lighting, dirty seats, hard to read menus, bad salsa, weird chips, terrible margaritas, slow to no service (had to ask for someone to come to the table) $18 for fajitas that contained 6 small shrimp? 3 tiny tortillas with that? Yikes, won't be back...
3	Ok. I had a less than positive predisposition walking in, based on last two restaurants in this space. Not fair, I know.  But...it beat my expectations. the margs were huge (albeit oddly warm when first served...the ice chilled it soon enough). Limited on tap beers, but we found something that works. The chips were stale, salsa was good. The lobster enchiladas (3 of them, the special) were good, as was the lobster quesadilla (with side of guacamole). Portions were large and tasty. The blackbeans served on the side could use a bit more seasoning, but they're not the showcase of the meal anyway. Good neighborhood joint...& this 'hood needs another one! We'll try again!
4	Meal began with housemade stone ground corn chips mixed in with multi-color flour tortilla chips, nicely paired with a fresh mild salsa.  A hotter salsa was available so we tried it, but it seemed to be a "medium" at best but nonetheless very flavorable.Portobello mushroom & carmelized onion quesadilla was rather good, as were the vegetable fajitas.  Draft pour of Modelo Especial rounded out the meal nicely.Our service right at the opening hour was impeccable with plenty of attention, including a kind visit from the manager to insure that everything was just right.   Place has a modern feel that is just a few notches short of being pretentious so it strikes a nice balance somewhere between casual & formal.Our only negative was the queso fundido which was served in a room temp plate.  The cheese had already congealed into an oval disk that moved as one entity when I tried to make a scoop at it with my corn chip.  Fundido should be served hot enough that it is still gooey, and ideally in some sort of heat preserving skillet or similar.  They really need to change that appetizer.
1	Terrible! This "restaurant" is in a great location, right in our neighborhood. This may be a convenient place to get your meal, but you will regret it. The food was not edible. This was probably the owners first restaurant, after looking at the poorly written menu. They didn't even have guacamole on the menu. If i am right and this was her first restaurant, why would she begin by creating a mexican restaurant? You know it is not going to be authentic. We ordered some disgusting  chicken tacos with a weird spicy barbeque-like sauce and we also ordered some empenadas. These empenadas tasted like the frozen ones which you defrost, which she probably did happen! Overall, the only good part of the meal was the chips (not the salsa), and the chips were just like Tostitos.Another really unprofessional  way of beginning a new business is leaving the restaurant! As we were leaving to go to our car, the owner walked to the nearby boutique to go shopping. I do not think it is OK for the owner to leave the restaurant to do some shopping.I think if you live in that part of town like I di, you are better off eating at a GOOD restaurant after the 101. The Summit tried, but failed.
1	Better off going to Rubios. Really a bad idea and I'd guess it makes it a few months. How often do you see ravioli in a Mexican menu. It's to bad was hoping for a good mex place near home.
5	Excellent meal and dining experience. Salsa and chips were great. Salsa fresh and not too spicy and the chips were also fresh. Had the chimi and a combo of appetizers for dinner. (nachos, sopes and tostadas) All was excellent!! The flan for desert I brought home and it was just good a few hours later. Maybe better fresh. Will definitely be going back!
1	Seriously awful ,   I had a burrito which was plain and tasteless, chips were junk and salsa was a joke. Really too bad this place will fail like others in this spot. What Mexican joint serves ravioli? I guess hacienda is trying to redefine but with no success. Go to rubios and you'll get better taste.
1	We could use a great Mexican Food place in the area, but this is not the one.  We took a group of friends here for dinner, and the place is a disaster.  The chips are a mix of flour and corn chips, which is alright:  the salsa is fresh tasting but way too mild.  We asked for something spicy and they brought us a bowl of sauce that was not even edible, it was something they must have whipped up in the kitchen on demand.  The chicken burrito was great on the inside, but the tortilla was lousy and the entire dish itself was way too salty.  Salty describes most of the food we ate.  The cheese they used in the dishes we ordered was bad, the dishes were served too cold, and the funniest thing of all is that you could not read the menus because the color of the menus blocked out the black lettering and made it nearly impossible to read.  The service was good, and the atmospere is good, but this place will not make it through the year with this kind of food.  They need to completely redo their menu, stick with Mexican Food, add some specialties and do something about the lack of good salsa. I will wait another couple of weeks and give it one more try.
1	There are two places on yelp to review the same restaurant, but the food was just terrible here.  Service was good, the place is beautiful, and the margaritas were huge which is a plus, but the food was absolutely horrible.  For those of you that have written a good review, I can guarentee that if the food doesn't get better soon this place will be gone by next summer.  We need a good mexican food place in the area, so i hope they get things turned around.
5	I don't like to write reviews for places where I've only been once because I know my mood affects the way I feel about things. I also like to give second chances to establishments that, for some reason or another, were not up to par the first time, specially if it's a place like Hacienda's, that is close to my office and where I can grab a good bite at a reasonable price. I think that lady who wrote that angry review earlier was clearly having a bad day altogether because I've been to this restaurant a few times, and none of these times --  although some were better than others -- I had such a bad experience. I also don't get why I someone was upset that the owner was visiting other local businesses. I'd say that's part of an owner's job. The general manager overlooks the staff IMO . And by the way, I've had Guacamole in more than one dish there, I'm sure that if she had asked, she would've gotten a side of guac in one of those little molcajete dishes. I've had a few of their appetizers, the sopes, the empanadas, the street tacos the tostadas and the Nachos. Don't order the nachos unless you have two or more really hungry people. The sopes and tostadas are very similar but  the sopes have a thicker deep fried tortilla.The street tacos are small, but that's how a true "street taco" from El DF is. My favorite one is the Empanada, because it tastes like it's made with homemade Picadillo.Of the main dishes, I've had the chicken Mole. It's unfair for me to rate it because for someone with a Mexican mom who can cook authentic mole, no other mole will ever come close. But I can say they're on the right track. I've heard from the staff that they are listening closely to feedback they're getting from the locals and are adjusting to the taste of  this new location. And I can tell it's true because I've had a few different types of salsa with their chips and the flavor has gotten better and better.  Will I return? Yes, I gotta go back to try their deep-fried Ice cream.
5	I am very pleased with Hacienda's, especially for a restaurant that just opened about a month ago. The interior is very new and clean and the bar in the middle is very nice. They also have another bar at the front that can serve the patio which wraps around the front. The chips are good, especially the little green ones and their salsa is very tasty. They even made an extra hot sauce for me.The bar staff is excellent and very knowledgeable. They have a great happy hour with $2.50 drafts and $5 appetizers (love the street tacos).  M-Sat 3-6. The margarita tasted fresh and like a marg should.Dining there is nice and we have had good service each time. Authentic mexican music plays in the background and makes the experience feel right. The sizzling fajitas are very tasty. I will continue to have good times here.  Not sure what some of the low reviewers are talking about. I suggest giving the place another chance now that they have had some time to settle in.
5	Great tacos!  I wasn't expecting it to be so nice.  I also thought that the fajitas were really tasty!  Something about that sizzle.  The manager was super knowledgable too, and suggested a mango margarita for my wife which she thought had the perfect balance of taste and tequila. Pro ballers that live in the area have also been known to drop by on occasion too, so good people watching at night.  If you haven't tried it yet, it's worth the trip.
5	Visited on recommendation of a neighbor.  We were not disappointed!  The service was great, and the food came out quickly and was seasoned to perfection.  We ordered an appetizer and two entrees.  The timing between them was perfect.  We never needed to request a refill and our waiter was on top of every request without hovering.I would definitely recommend this restaurant to friends.  Great neighborhood hang out!
4	Last night was the fourth time for us to go to Haciendas. This time we felt good enough to bring some good friends in from Seattle. We took advantage of their Happy Hour and sat on the patio. Good beer prices,  the only down side was they didn't have oranges for our Blue Moons.......by the second round they came through with them. Nice touch! We tried almost every app on the menus and loved them all and you can't beat the HH prices @ $4 each. The nachos were a hit with all of us and the chicken street tacos were the favorite. Love this place because the HH is great and you cant beat the prices.......and its so close we could walk if we wanted. Happy to see this new place open and hope it stays for years to come. Oh and the service was good as well. Would have given 5 stars but on the first few visits we had a hard time getting quick service on the patio. One of our new favorite places in Scottsdale
3	we've eaten here 4 times now.  the service is pretty bad.  if the restaurant doesn't make it that's why because the food is pretty good.  the burritos are good and the rice is awesome.  the atmosphere is what really makes the place though.  the patio was busy last friday a few fire pits set the mood.  i'm glad this place is close bc we'll be eating here more as long as the service improves.  prices are a bit high but this is n. scottsdale so we're used to it...if the service was better it would be 4 stars.
4	Wife and I live close and have been there twice. Each time we have had the chicken fajitas and enjoyed it.  Good potion size... should split. We have been visited at our table several times by manager or owner asking if every thing is all right. They are really trying to provide good food and service.
4	I was only hesitant to give this 4 stars because of the service, which started out great and then sank from there.The food and drinks were great and I hope this place makes it.
2	Unlike other reviewers, I found the service to be good which is the reason for two stars.  The food, however, was not good.  The burrito tasted like campbell's chicken soup or probably a lot of corn starch and chicken bouillion mixed with water - really.  I know food and I love food and did not expect high end based on the prices but did expect good taste - did not get it.  The menu needs a lot of work.  People who go to mexican food restaurants REALLY DO want mexican food but it seems this restaurant thinks it needs to cater to an american neighborhood grill with bland taste and NO authentic taste whatsoever.
4	Great new Mexican in n Scottsdale very good menu and good tasty food, nice bar area. Really good staff especially JR, hard working crew all very friendly and well trained. Give it a try and ask for spicy hot if thats what you like. Visible managers watching what's going on, busy even quite late. Good luck to them!
5	What a great addition to the neighborhood!  I have visited at least 1/2 dozen times for lunch dinner and happy hour. Family owned EXCELLENT food and service every time!  Have had  several dishes from the menu and all were fantastic.  Staff is attentive and chef is tweaking the menu just right.
5	The Mexican food here is great albeit not what you would typically expect as I feel like the dishes are more modern takes on traditional dishes. I always get the chicken fajitas and have never been disappointed. Kenny always takes great care of us and I would be sure to request him when dining here.
3	Went there for lunch and sat outside on a nice sunny day. Overall, I liked this place.  We had above average margaritas that were both huge and a good deal. I had chicken enchiladas with green sauce. The three enchiladas had a lot of chicken and a decent sauce that was flavorful but lacking heat. I liked the fresh tasting beans and the rice that sort of reminded me of fried rice.  I loved it. My wife had the dish tacos which were excellent. They had a lot of tasty fish with good slaw and sauce to make your own. I rate this as above average suburban Mexican. Not amazingly authentic but fresh and tasty. I would go back, and their happy hour looks great.
2	They teach you that when you're about to give bad news, you should start with something positive, right?  Here's the good...The chips and salsa were really good.  The chips were extra salty and I was happy they arrived that way rather than me pouring on salt like I'm waiting for a heart attack.  The margarita was delicious and at happy hour prices, it's a steal.  The queso and sopas were tasty as well.  The bread pudding was also yummy.And the bad...  Things were not terribly well seasoned and there were no salt shakers on the tables. Perhaps it's an oversight but tables with no salt shakers are a sign of arrogance.  This is acceptable at places with gourmet food...at your neighborhood Mexican joint?  Not so much.  Where things really fell down for me was the service.  There seem to be general chaos where the servers were concerned.  Our waiter, although he was very, very nice, seemed extremely distracted.  I noticed other tables (all in the bar section) experiencing poor service as well.  Food went to the wrong table.  The wrong check went to the wrong table.  We waited an inexcusably long time for more tortilla chips and my husband had to ask for them twice.  Our drinks sat empty for a very long time.  We even pushed our empty glasses to the edge of the table to indicate that we were not finished medicating ourselves.  Everything took far longer than it should have.  The other thing that bothered me were inconsistencies between what was on the menu/what our waiter described and what came out.  The menu stated the bread pudding came with rum raisin ice cream (yes, please!).  It arrived with vanilla bean ice cream.  The waiter stated that it came with a blueberry sauce but it arrived with what was clearly a raspberry sauce.  It was still a tasty dessert but I like things to arrive as advertised.    I think this place has potential but they have some work to do.
4	Hacienda's is a nice restaurant, hidden and tucked into a strip mall.  We came for HH and had great service and enjoyed the food. We had:- Queso Fundido: It arrived and I initially cringed because it looked like that bright orange, processed nacho cheese stuff which I really don't like...but something they did to it made it taste so good! There was fresh spinach and tomatoes added in, and some kind of spice added in. The classic potato chips it was served with were perfect with the dip.- Sopes: Yum! Filling and tasty. The actual sope by itself was a little dry but with all the flavorful toppings it was overall very good.- Margaritas: Now we got non-HH margaritas and though it was GIANT (I mean like the size of my head), there was barely any tequila in it. It tasted like sweet/sour mix and no one wants to drink that much mixer...My draft beer on the other hand was very good. Most of the people in the restaurant were an older age, which attests to the good prices :) I can attest to yummy food.
1	I had to update this review.  We went last night for our third visit - the first two were great!The food this time around was disappointing to say the least.  Some of it was bland...and the stuff that wasn't, tasted like something it shouldn't, i.e. - the rice that came on the side with the fajitas tasted like FISH.  WHAT the hell is that about?  The guac tasted like it could have come from a box, it had no flavor at all and was thin except for the chunks of onion and tomato, and the chips just tasted weird.  Our daughter kept commenting on it as well.  If I kid doesn't like something as simple as corn chips, there's something wrong.  Everything was just bland.  The drink was decent...but it stopped there.Total bummer.  We won't be back.
2	We've tried this place out twice now. Great ambiance and location. Food is ok. The burrito is served naked. looks weird and uninviting to eat, but taste ok. They do serve large portions, but would be nice to have lunch size options and pricing. How much should you pay for Mexican food? Less than what they charge is for sure! They follow a long line of unsuccessful restaurants in that location and will might be jinxed! I would not recommend this place. Many other choices in the area! Save your money!
3	All we had were the street tacos .... carnitas, carne asada & shrimp and guacamole.  The guacamole was fresh with chucks of avocado. The tacos tasted good and were a good value.  We were in time to get lunch prices which was a big plus.  We will be back to try some of there other dishes, but for now it's nice to have something close by where we can get a decent taco at a  fair price.  Nice decor and nice patio area for dining al fresco.
4	With stellar margaritas and a great setting, Hacienda's might break the curse for this location.
5	Excellent food, friendly staff. Food is upscale without pretense.
5	EXCELLENT!!!Happy Hour and Early Bird prices are awesome. Secret: Their flour spinach chips are incredible. I live in San Diego and have never had any chips this good! HIGHLY RECOMMEND
4	The service my lady and I received was absolutely fantastic.  The food was great.  I tried the pibil on the recommendation of the waiter and was in love at first bite.  This a nice place to take a date.
4	Great place for lunch.  Definitely better than the other Cave Creek Mexican restaurants.
3	Was staying at The Boulders and stopped here for dinner. There was no wait and they had live music which was a nice touch. After perusing the menu, I decided on the Carne a la Tampiquena. My bf had the chicken enchiladas. The chips and salsa they brought out was pretty good. We both enjoyed our entrees - I had a feeling they forgot the tortillas with my entree, which they did, but i didn't have a menu to check so I didn't bother asking in case they charged extra for them. For dessert we shared an order of sopapilla, which, be forewarned their version is a mini version (like little pizza rolls). They were still good, just not as expected. Only reason I'm not giving them a 4 is because they seem to have a major fly problem. I'm guessing they had their doors/windows open earlier in the day, but flies were buzzing around nonstop and I heard another table or two bring it up to their servers.
3	The food was okay , nothing special . Our waitress was very friendly. I was very satisfied with the service . I'm planning on coming back soon only because of their drinks special .
5	Great service and people. Happy hour is great as well!!
4	I didn't know that this restaurant existed until I saw a $30 for $15 gift certificate on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485), and I'm sure glad I gave it a try.  I would have never thought that one of the better mexican spots in the valley would be this far north?  No wait and live music at 7:00 on a Friday night also made for an enjoyable night.The restaurant itself doesn't scream mexican in anyway.  There is a stage and couches to the right of the bar.  The band that was playing on this particular night played a modern jazz style of music, giving Hacienda's more of an upscale lounge ambiance.We were seated immediately, and chips and salsa were placed on the table in seconds.  Already a good start!  I ordered Irene's Anaheim Green Chile Chicken Enchiladas.  Very good.  The plate is covered in a mushroom sauce that a lot of people may like better than I did.  I personally would have preferred a traditional red or green enchilada sauce, but I'll give Hacienda's credit for doing something unique.  My wife had the chicken fajitas.  Who doesn't love good fajitas?  Not only was this a good meal, but it could easily feed at least two.  If you order it, you're going to need to take it home, maybe with an extra tortilla or two.We were seated by the kitchen and watched countless fried ice creams being brought to the tables.  Wow, did they look good.  Somehow, we decided to skip out on desert, but we certainly will have to give it a try next time.
1	We wanted this place to be good since it is close to home.  Perhaps we made bad food choices or it could have been an off night but we were very disappointed.  The fish tacos had tiny chunks of greasy seasoned fish in a taco.  The pork carnitas were very dry, tough and chewy.  A lot of of our food was left on the plate.  This restaurant is off our list.
4	This is a fairly classy Mexican restaurant.  It's beautiful inside and doesn't look like an Americanized Mexican seaside tourist place.  Comfortable seating - great place to bring a date.They have a really large bar area and, according to the signs, they have live music (I went for lunch so no music).  They also have a patio area.I ordered the chicken fajitas.  Very tasty and they served a big portion so go hungry.I tasted the fish tacos and they were also good.Service was terrific. They had a kid (around 8 or 9 years old) filling water glasses and bringing out chips/salsa.  I need to go back in the evening for dinner and check out the happy hour and the live music.
4	I just realized I have never written a review for Hacienda's.  In five months, we have been there four times, so that should say something, when you have a plethora of restaurants to choose from in Northern Phoenix.Ambiance---very nice.  Think up-scale casual with a hint of Mexico in the artwork.  Not cheesy Mexican---very tasteful.Service---our first time server was a very nice lady.  Subsequent times we always make sure we sit in an area serviced by this great guy whose name---I think---is Joe or Jose.  He always tell us to call him the "Mean Mexican".  He's not mean at all.  He's a charmer and makes us laugh thru the whole meal.  His personality and great service is one of the reasons we always return.Food: We love their salsa and chips.  The chips are housemade---amongst them these spinach ones that have this fabulous, puffy texture---I could eat them by the boat-load!  If we have the "kids" with us---two 19 year olds---they always order the chicken quesadillas because they love them.  The last three visits, DH has gotten the chicken flautas or the chicken chimichangas.  He can't decide which he likes best.  Probably in a perfect world, he could get both on the same plate.  I am more adventurous.  My first visit, I got the Conchinita Pibil, which is described a traditional Mayan dish of marinated, slow-cooked pork.  I didn't care for it much.  No quality issue here---I am evidently just not a traditional Mayan eater.  Second visit--chile relleno: pretty dang good---and if you have read previous reviews by me, you'll know I am VERY picky about my chile rellenos.  Third visit: carnitas burrito.  Very tasty.  Fourth visit: Pollo con Mole: a bit intense for my tastebuds, but was quite good leavened with the accompanying white rice mixed with carrots and peas.For my next visit, I am targeting the Green Chile Enchiladas.Food is always very good, high quality, and the service is great.  We love Mexican food and have been so surprised to find how hard it is to find really good Mexican in our area.  Hacienda Grill has become our go-to place when we need that flavor and we need it now in a fun, relaxed atmosphere.  And it's like 5 minutes from our house.  Perfect!
4	I'm happy to report that my second experience here was much better than my first.  This time around, service was wonderful.  The chips are clearly house made and delicious (they even sneak some fried flour tortilla chips in your basket - bonus).  The margaritas are cranium-sized and quite tasty.  My fish tacos were somewhat untraditional but yummy nonetheless.  The restaurant has a beautiful view of the mountains.  It adds a lot of great ambiance. This space has been home to a number of places...  I hope this one makes it.
1	I am sad to report that this restaurant seems to me to be losing ground. It never seemed a great restaurant but my first experiences involved competent wait staff that paid attention to the customers and a kitchen capable of serving customers decent food in a timely way. I posted a positive review at one point. I have been back three times since. Each time was a little worse. Service is slower. Kitchen takes more time getting food out. Wait staff loses touch with customers. In June I said never again but I was back in November. Waiter started off well. First round of drinks showed up quickly. Getting his attention for the second round was harder. He has mastered the trick of serving someone nearby, perhaps walking within a couple of feet of you and not noticing a waving hand or raised glass. We got the food we wanted but saw the wrong order delivered to one person, saw another couple not get their order and give up and saw a 40 minute delay (I think, I didn't have a stopwatch) for an entree salad. This place is convenient. Staff is very nice but there is more to a restaurant than that....
4	We have been there two times now and will definitely go back as it is very convenient for us. The place is nice  I cannot say I have checked it out all the way as we always gave good company and thus we are chatting away, talking about what we will eat and drink. Not noticing our surroundings very well. The menu looks good and the drinks too. I got the huge hot smoking margarita. Very good and very generous. Twice I had the fish tacos: very tasty, lots of fish, good dressing and cole slaw. Three tacos: more than enough. We never had dessert as the main course is enough. Other people had the pasta dish which was very tasty and served hot. Fried calamari was very tasty too. Will definitely go back. And maybe try something else. In any case the fish tacos were very consistent.
4	We have been there two times now and will definitely go back as it is very convenient for us. The place is nice  I cannot say I have checked it out all the way as we always gave good company and thus we are chatting away, talking about what we will eat and drink. Not noticing our surroundings very well. The menu looks good and the drinks too. I got the huge hot smoking margarita. Very good and very generous. Twice I had the fish tacos: very tasty, lots of fish, good dressing and cole slaw. Three tacos: more than enough. We never had dessert as the main course is enough. Other people had the pasta dish which was very tasty and served hot. Fried calamari was very tasty too. Will definitely go back. And maybe try something else. In any case the fish tacos were very consistent.
5	Angel waiter is the best. Food is awesome. And margaritas are good. Happy hour is good deal
3	This is somewhat better. Service more timely. There are still some issues.  Food about the same. I think management recognizes there is a problem and is trying to deal with it. Will see what happens next.  Better than the alternative.
5	Really delicious!!  My husband and I stopped in for the first time and both totally enjoyed our meals.  We will be back!
4	We make it here about once a month and have always been satisfied. I've had the tacos which are very good but my favorite dish is the Cochinita Pibil (a marinated pork dish). My wife always goes for the chicken fajitas which she says is also very good.The service here is also very good. Everyone is friendly and knowledgeable; for example, I had no idea what Cochinita Pibil was but my server not only explained it but recommended it.This is a well appointed, classy Mexican restaurant with a large bar area.  At first glance the prices look a little high but you aren't eating at a restaurant ending with "-berto".
4	Stopped by this place for lunch yesterday while running some errands. The chips were nice and light, and they mix in some flour tortilla chips that are a greenish color which I assume means there's some guacamole flavor or something. I didn't get a ton of that but they were still good. The salsa was really good. Bright, nice texture, balanced flavors.I ordered the green chicken chimichanga, because, duh, chimichanga. The chicken was all white meat, juicy, finely shredded, delicious. The portion sizes were good too. I have but two qualms and it's really kind of just nit-picky stuff. First, they try too hard on the plating. It's Mexican food. There's no need to be prissy about it. In their defense, they're close enough to Troon that prissy plating is probably required by some city ordinance. But seriously - forming your rice in a pyramid and trying to keep it all separate? Please. Either you make a pretty plate OR you put shredded iceberg lettuce as a garnish, but not both. Second, it appears that there's a white woman from the Midwest working in the kitchen. As I said, the chimichanga was delicious and the green chile sauce was lovely, however, it seemed to have a cream of mushroom soup base and they put actual large chunks of mushroom in the sauce. Mushrooms, In green chile sauce. On a chimichanga. Just let that soak in a minute. Then in their little cilantro lime rice pyramid, they put peas and carrots. That's right. Actual peas and carrots. In cilantro lime rice. At a Mexican restaurant. Weird.As I said, the qualms are nit-picky. The food was overall quite good and the service was attentive without being annoying. Definitely going back. I'll just ask them to hold the peas and carrots.
3	I ordered the flat steak and found it to be tasteless.  The frozen margarita, my bad, order the drink on the rocks. The service was great.
4	Stopped by for Cinco de Mayo and was pleasantly surprised that "Happy Hour" prices were on and that meant a $3 glass of wine...so why not.Had the grilled chicken burrito with tomatillo sauce (sauce recommended by my helpful waitress and it was spicey, mildly hot, but not over powering and just what I wanted to complement the burrito.) the combination of refried beans with grilled chicken was very flavorful and there was guacamole and sour cream on the side to enhance or cool the forkful of burrito as you choose.For me it was a solid four to four and one half star lunch.
1	I initially was thrilled after locating on yelp was given a coupon for a free appetizer. Something I had not expected. A very nice surprise. Then when we got there were seated.immediately and atmospere was fun. I mentioned the free appetizer coupon and was told "are you sure its Hacienda. I showed her the reponse changed to okay I am going to check with the manager. She then left and came back and informed me that she couldnt find a manger, saying since we are sooooo... busy. There at the time were 10 open tables. She then ask us to come back to use the coupon again saying soo ... busy. We just ordered and tried to move passed it. She continued to bring it up 3 more times. Became very annoying. Food was fine. I had not expected a coupon and would have probably been fine with the overall experience, but I feel it is in poor taste to offer a coupon and then not honor it. Then with the waitress continually bringing it up and making excuses was unpleasent when we had not mentioned it since we first showed her and she began with excuses. So my overall rating would be average on the food, atmosphere better than average. Most employees were friendly and prompt with service but our waitress experience was poor that combined with an enticment of coupon and then nit honoring makes the experience below average.
2	Service very friendly. Food mediocre to poor. The chicken chimi had roasted mushy chicken mixed with a mushroom cream sauce in a weird deep fried batter and rotten tasting guacamole on top. We left our dinner on the plate.
3	To whom it may concern,I am in search of delicious Mexican food that is full of flavor and a little heat. I came to Haciendas hoping to find this (and it is close to us) but was left with want, once again. The street tacos were dry, burrito was filled to the brim with chicken but it had no flavor, and the salsa was tasteless as well. Don't get me wrong, this place is not bad - it just is ok. The service was great and the staff was friendly which is enough for me to give it a second chance - in time. For now I will sit and dream about the glorious Mexican food we left behind in New MexicoYours truly,Desperately seeking good food
5	This was very good Mexican food. I bought the yelp deal and I was so glad I did. The service was fast and friendly. We ordered chicken nachos for an appetizer and they were excellent. Also, the chips and salsa here are amazing. I had the chicken enchiladas for dinner and they were very good. They came with rice and beans which were also yummy. My husband had the pork thing, and the pork was so well seasoned. Everything was delicious and we eat quite a bit of Mexican food. This place was great! Also, the prices are so reasonable. And what really made our evening was the server. He was great, and he was so funny. He had us laughing multiple times. Thank you!
5	Restaurant and setting is beautiful. Margaritas are huge and tasty. They have great beers on tap including popular Mexican beers. Lastly, the food is terrific and the service is great. Highly recommend this northern Scottsdale gem.
5	This place was a pleasant surprise! The food was amazing--best rice I've had at a Mexican restaurant. The staff works as a team, at least 4 people checked on us to make sure we were enjoying our meal. As someone who works in the hospitality indistry, I was extremely impressed with the level of service & quality of the food. Our server Angel was very warm & funny, & the manager Costa made us feel welcome. I wish we lived closer to this place, we'd eat here every week!
1	I have been a faithful customer of Hacienda's for over a year now.  I went there last week and i thought what was shady was they kept asking if we wanted more chips and salsa and we said yes.  When we received our bill we were charged for it.  I think it is very tacky of a nice restaurant like this to charge for chips and salsa.  The amount of money they make on food and drinks there is disgusting that they are starting to do this.  What I do not understand if you go to the restaurant solo you get chips, but if you go with 4 others you only get one basket of chips as well.  It is not about the money because honestly I can afford it.  It is about an owner getting greedy.  They lost our whole family at this restaurant.  We will go back to Jalapeno Inferno.
4	Authentic Mexican, always delicious and hot and quickly served, truly the nicest staff in the Valley with a handsome, relaxing ambiance...what's not to like?  Except I always fill up on the delicious house-made chips and the salsa they make with roasted tomatoes followed by a delicious entree...a different dish every visit...can't decide on a fave....never have room for dessert!
5	Great Mexican cuisine, nice ambiance and excellent service.  Our favorite local Mexican restaurant.
5	We finally found our new favorite eatery!  This was a great place & if you check in you get this fantastic margarita for 1cent!  The atmosphere is very nice, upscale & plenty of room. Lot's of outdoor seating. We were lucky to have Angel as our server. He was great!  Funny & informative & super knowledgable about the menu. The food is fantastic. Great flavors. Hubby had chili relleno. Fantastic. I had mushroom & spinach enchilada. Another fantastic. Tres leche for desert & super fantastic!  Our new favorite place. We used to be fans of Jalepeno Inferno, but this puts them to shame. Go to Hacienda. You will not be sorry.
1	The service was horrible!  Only 5 tables occupied.  Brought the wrong wine then offered a $20 a glass wine to replace the $8 glass and charge $20!  The food was very low quality.  Took forever to get check.  Won't be back!
4	This place is great!  The food is kind of an upscale Mexican compared to what I'm used to but the prices are affordable.  I had the chicken enchiladas and my girlfriend had the fish taco's both of which were delicious and good portions.If you have a drink you have to try the margarita.  It's a decent drink (I'm not a huge fan of them anyway) but it's huge.  Probably the size of 2 or 3 regular drinks.  And a fair price at $9.
5	Excellent! Modern, upscale but also still casual Mexican food. Service is always great food delicious.
2	I took my Mom here for a painting event and was excited to try a new place not too far from our new house.  The service was mediocre.  The margarita was tasty and I saw that they serve a massive sized one as well, but only had the normal.  We ordered the cheese and spinach dip, but the spinach was not cut up at all and made it difficult to get the dip on a chip without it dripping or falling off. It was happy hour when we got there, but the menu didn't say what  that included and the bartender didn't let us know either, so I just didn't bother ordering anything else.  Doubt I would go back.  It wasn't terrible, but there are much better executed Mexican restaurants I would travel to enjoy.
5	We just moved to the area and have been in search of some good Mexican food...and we found it today!!!!  Everything was delicious...from the homemade chips and salsa (mild and hot), to the guacamole, the huge margaritas, the fajita meats, EVERYTHING!  They have both indoor and patio dining too!  One of the very best parts was our server, Angel!  He was attentive, had great suggestions, very funny, and even reminded us to come back for happy hour!!!  We will absolutely be dining here a lot!!!
4	The ambience akin to sports bar doesn't quite go together with this place being a Mexican restaurant. The food however, is exceptionally authentic and marvelously delicious.  Starting out with chips and salsa, but here's the unique twist. The chips are comprised of conventional corn chips, but also green chips that are made from flour. The green chips do taste as though they were made in-house, fresh out of the chef's domain.The drinks are large enough for 2 if not 3. They are mixed superbly with just the right amount of alcohol balanced with fruit juice.I had their street tacos and the taste reminded me of this restaurant in Texas with all the unique flavours of street tacos should. Another person in our party ordered their empanada dish and that too was excellent. The portions were not too large but enough to satisfy the pallet in more ways than one. Throughout the dish, I could not see any grease that is considered as the norm in Mexican dish. The dishes were well presented and well placed.As I stated earlier, had the restaurant resembled less of a sports bar and more of Mexican casa, I would have given 5 stars.
5	The food here is absolutely delicious! I give the chiefs 3 thumbs up!! Margaritas are fantastic and service was explicit
5	I love their food here. Specially fish tacos. Huge drinks. I've been here for lunch and happy hour. Food is always good and service is always excellent. We'll be back. Oh love the green chips as well.
5	Excellent atmosphere,  great service and the food is better than any Mexican restaurant I have been to. Huge Margharitas. The best kept secret in the north Scottsdale/Carefree area.  Family owned. Awesome
