3	This ASDA is very large and has a MacDonalds which is very handy indeed. They don't have a very big selection of George clothing, but they do have a large selection of TV's and AV equipment. The instore bakery is great. They ring the bell when the new bread comes out. The large carpark gets a hammering when there's a gig on at the Corn Exchange.It's not 24 hour like Portobello ASDA and doesn't have petrol
4	A good place to go to at any time of the day.This is a really big store and open 24 hours.It has all your groceries and some clothing, it also has a macdonalds, so if your hungry you can just pop in there.There are plenty of friendly staff around.
5	This is one of the only 24/7 supermarkets I'm aware of in Edinburgh, and I practically live here. As odd as it sounds, I prefer to do my food shopping after midnight because it's really quiet and I can take my time. This particular Asda is huge, it even has a McDonalds, and is brilliant because you can get absolutely anything you want. I was looking for wheat-free flour and my first stop was this Asda and it delivered.The only thing about shopping here after midnight is the tills - they are all closed and you have to use the self-service ones. But if you're normal, unlike me, then this shouldn't be a problem.
4	This Asda, like every other Asda in the country is huge. It's open 24 hours which is super handy when you get the midnight munchies. And conveniently located next to the Corn Exchange so you can fall out of a gig and in here. I like a trip to Asda purely because they stock everything and they do it very cheaply. As a Sainsburys shopper, I appreciate that Asda offers an own brand alternative for just about everything so on those poor days you can still afford to eat.
4	Despite the lack of clams, this Asda still delivers on almost every level. There's nothing better than a good wander round a massive supermarket, picking up snacks and sundries you don't want or need, and while I tend to prefer Tesco on this front, Asda is still a more than worthy competitor.It's hard to walk past the deli counter or those rotating cooked chickens without being overcome by the temptation to gorge, and the deals you can find on DVDs books and games sometimnes have to be seen to be believed. Tremendous.
1	theres a good reason we have no fishmongers,butchers and stores that employed people,valued customers and had a community presence. the fact that this place has a macdonalds is even more reason to bring a flask and some real food.
5	I love this Asda. And its even better with added the petrol station :)Location wise its perfect, can be pretty busy, but not horrendously so and the queues aren't that bad. It has a good range of products, including lots of deals on branded products and the availability is pretty good as there is nothing worse than trekking to the supermarket and finding empty shelves.The gluten free range isn't great - the best range in the Slateford/Gorgie area is Sainsbury, but there is a good range of basics and some great frozen options.Supermarkets are fairly generic but as this one goes, its pretty darn good...
