2	Not a fun experience at this IHOP.  What wrecked it for me was bringing my kid there before school to get breakfast and finding out AFTER the food has been delivered that they are not accepting IHOP gift certificate cards because their computer is down and has been down for a month.  REALLY?  Right after the holidays?  I call baloney on this.The server said "Oh there is a sign in the front that says we aren't taking gift cards..."   Well we looked for the sign and guess what?  It was not on either of the double sets of doors when you walk in.  It was a plain paper sign attached to the cash register.  Now who the hell is looking there when you walk in?  Can somebody say lame??  I can.  LAME!The food was average.  The service was underwhelming.  Avoid.
2	The little blurb when you select your star pretty much sums it up...Meh. I've experienced better. While the place is usually packed at breakfast time, the service is blah and the food is a bit pricey considering it's just IHOP. The healthy choices are limited and like I said...meh....whatever.
4	I have always enjoyed going to Ihop. Something about pancakes taste better when not made at home. The food is always seasoned to taste. I seldom find reason to add salt or pepper. The portions are nice size and I usually don't eat the entire meal.  The meal was prepared as ordered. I must say the staff at this Ihop verses the one back home were much more friendlier. The service was great. They didn't let our drinks get empty before they brought more. They frequently checked with us to make sure all was well.The place is clean and well organized. Plus it was cool and pleasant to sit and enjoy my meal.I definitely will return to this Ihop in the future.
5	Very tasty food.  Extremely pleasant employees.  Great check-ins through the meal and the drinks didn't go dry.
3	So far so good....Well the ham is not cured, and is tasteless, according to my fiance. The egg substitutes could have been a bit more "egg white" tasting and a little less "substitute" tasting. Overall though for a quick cheap and pseudo healthy breakfast it is doable!It appears to be hit and miss as compared to all the other IHOPS...
1	Really crappy service.  And it took 4 attempts by the overwhelmed waitress to deduct the salad ( which we never received) from our tab.  She kept apologizing but just didn't get that we weren't satisfied by a simple apology.  By the time we left we just found the whole episode comical.  The restaurant looked like it was being run by a bunch of slackers.   Generally like IHOP food particularly because they include the calorie count but service has always been inconsistent.  You take your chances.  We lost this time.
1	Absolutely horrible. I've had bad service at other IHOP locations, but this particular location receives a gold medal for Worst Service EVER. I was told the wait would be 15 minutes max, and 30 minutes later my party was seated. The sodas were flat and warm (ICK!), so the waitress exchanged them for "fresh" ones, which were also flat and warm. We settled for water and coffee..can't go wrong there, I suppose, except for the water glasses had bits of food stuck to them fromThe food took an absurdly long time to come out. When it did, we were all disappointed:Friend's pancakes included several black hairs inside of the pancake.My side of ranch was obviously old with a yellow tinge and sour taste.My breakfast sandwich was drenched in butter.Other friend's pancakes were so soggy in the middle that they kind of congealed together.Everyone's breakfast sausage was dry and bland.For specializing in pancakes and being known for their breakfast dishes, this place sucked. I won't be spending my money here again, EVER.
1	Been to many ihop's including this one .. But THIS PLACE SUCKS NOW!! You dont feel welcomed at all when walking in.. The waitress sucked. She didnt even offer us water!!!!! She was slow,& not freindely. I feel like we knew more about the menu & stuff the her! The coffee& tea wasnt even hott. CUSTOMER SERVICE & SERVICE IS EVERYTHHING!! But this place has NONE!!!!!!!  Other ihops ive been too are amazing. The people make u feel at home and thats how it should be!GET UR DAM ACT TOGETHER!!!!!!
3	All I can say is the cooks are fast. I've been there only 2 or 3 times and the food comes out fast. I go during off peak hours so I get fast and pretty good service. My glass stayed full and the food came fast. The last time I was there they had more people on staff than in the whole restaurant so they seem to staff appropriately.
4	They are finally open 24/7!! A pretty good place to good some food after a night at the bars.
2	Is attention to detail important? Apparently not during my visit :(Waitress: would you like fruit?Me: noWaitress: sausage or bacon? Me: baconWaitress: what to drink?Me: coffeeWhat I got: fruit, sausage & during my entire visit NOTHING to drink. When I asked about my coffee I was told it was brewing. No one remembered anything about it again until it was time to put it on my check... seriously. I asked it be removed since I never got it and she just laughed and said, "oh, I'm so sorry about that". Really? Because she didn't seem like she was. Especially when it took her almost 10 more minutes to get me my corrected check. I won't be visiting again.
4	This has to one of the cheapest eats in Surprise for kids. Free kids meal from 4 to 10. Yes you have to buy an adult meal, but even my meal was not really steep. I enjoyed a steak omelet and it also included 3 pancakes. A serious meal for 8.99 I could not resist some coffee to make it a real breakfast for me. The endless pot of coffee was a little over 2 bucks. My son enjoyed the large create a face which ended up being his dinner and breakfast for the next day. Not a bad deal in my book. If you have kids and want to treat them to a night out, why not try an American classic Ihop? This particular one, in Surprise does get busy and yes sometimes the service is not top notch, but I give them credit.... When the place is packed I am sure they can get slammed with work. I practiced patience and enjoyed another cup of joe from my endless carafe. Don't worry the french vanilla cream sure does make the coffee taste good.  Take the kids out and enjoy.
3	I normally have breakfast when I go to IHOP, but decided to try something new.  Instead of ordering the breakfast sampler I ordered the combo.  I had a cesar salad and the pot roast sandwich.  The salad was severely over dressed.  The sandwich on the other hand was delicious.  I wish I had skipped the salad and just ordered the full sized sandwich.  My son kept taking bites out of it. I have never hated sharing so much. :)  Service was just a little slow.  We had to waive another server down to get refills and to get out check.  Our server was very nice, just hard to find.
3	Our first full weekends with our foster daughters. The youngest wanted pancakes! Well I really don't like IHOP or Denny's, but we went ahead and tried IHOP?SERVICE: It was crazy busy, but we were seated within 15 minutes. Besides the girls getting impatient it went by fast. We did have a little issue with our server, don't know if she was over whelmed? But we had to ask for refills our our drinks twice, and to get our bill.FOOD:I just wanted pancakes, my wife had Belgium waffles, daughter #1 had pancakes, and bacon, daughter #2 had chicken strips? It was an enjoyable morning, my pancakes were just fine! You would really have to try to ruin pancakes! The girls seemed to enjoy it, especially #2! she also ate some of my pancakes, wife's hash browns, and daughter #1 bacon. Would we come back? If we didn't have the girls! The answer would be no, but since we have them! Most likely we will.
3	Colorado omelet, very good but too spendy for what you get, restaurant seemed clean though,
1	Lets just say I will never return, to this location at least.I already go in with this feeling of the restaurant being not so clean but my kid wanted Ihop so Ihop it was.To be honest my meal & service was ok until I found the gross strand of hair at the bottom of my meal!!!!The end result was the manager apologized, offered me another meal, (of course I did not want it) and took the price of it off my bill. So gross!!!!!
5	I finally ordered the crepes here.  Not sure why I waited so long but it was Sooooooo good.  I had mine with Strawberry along with scrambled eggs and turkey bacon.I fed my whole family here and everyone finished feeling satisfied with a smile.  We ordered French toast to your basic kid's breakfast.  Better than Denny's but I love breakfast for dinner any day if the week!  I'm hungry again lol
3	Before my job interview, I promised myself that I would treat myself to pancakes afterwards. The interview was a breeze; so the search began. Everything you could crave is off of Bell Rd. so I decided to stop at IHOP for their blueberry pancakes, scrambled eggs with cheese, bacon (oink!) and hash browns cooked hard. The parking lot was crowded so I was expecting a wait. The greeter/seater asked me if it was "just one" and I said "yes".She was quick to find me a seat but not very enthusiastic about it. My waiter showed up quickly to get my drink and food order. He was very pleasant and fast. My food arrived quickly too, considering all of the cars in the parking lot. Everything tasted awesome; the only thing I would've wanted was more blueberry topping, even though I had more than enough. The pancakes were fluffy and had just the right amount of salt to balance out the sweet. I would give this review a higher rating but the coffee was horrible! I will return but next time request to be seated away from the kitchen because it was a little noisy.
5	We usually split an omelette (the Colorado and chicken fajita are the best!) and an extra order of pancakes.  My husband always ordered the cinnastack pancakes but has recently turned to the cinnamon French toast.   Always a winner and the pancakes are simply the best!
2	Awful experience tonight and management sucks...  Apparently there is an illegal coupon floating around but when I told my server I had a coupon she didn't ask to see it... I ordered the two drinks that the coupon stipulated I do... Again when I said that she didn't ask to see coupon... When check is brought she asked to see coupon then preceeded to get management which I thought was to verify...  Management says no I can not take this coupon and basically to bad..  So now I'm paying for a meal I didn't expect to and two drinks I never would of ordered..  And the management says Owell. . Great customer service.... Will not be back. .
5	Excellent service,  predictable, delicious meals!  Love the fruit n nut pancakes, my husband liked the Colorado omelet.   Very satisfied!
1	Started off ok, my family wanted to make it a tradition to come every other week but that's over now. Went yesterday and they got all 3 orders messed up. I ordered the waffle combo with eggs and bacon. I asked for cheese on my eggs and bacon extra crispy. No cheese, fat uncooked on bacon and a cold waffle. My husband ordered the sampler and they failed to bring the pancakes and when they did, also cold. We ordered for my little one french toast, eggs, one bacon and one sausage and they brought us a pancake. I was super disappointed as this location is close and would have been nice to make tradition coming here but that won't happen!
