5	They moved and they just got better! If that was even possible!I found the cutest two piece swim suit here for just $35, you can't beat that deal at Target, heck you can't even beat that deal with a stick!  Rumor has it they are going to have a build your own corset costume for Halloween, that includes a corset, skirt and nylons, all for just $45! That's right, I said CORSET for $45! I am pretty sure I will be first in line to get that deal! The deals at 4 Real are CRAZY GOOD! Of course they still have all their awesome bras, panties and lingerie, except now they just have more! Did you know they have the same lace thongs as VS, but for only $3.99! Does it get better than that, um NOPE!  They also have a bigger selection of pajamas and Snoozies! If you don't know what Snoozies are, they are these cute slippers the girls (who work there) are always wearing. I actually bought my mom a pair and she loved them so much, she just asked me if I would send her another pair! So I guess that will be my next purchase at 4 Real for myself :-) This store is truly a diamond in the ruff! If you haven't been here yet, you should check it out ASAP! Oh and be sure to get a free bra fitting too, because lets be honest, when was the last time you had the ladies sized? I am willing to bet you are wearing the wrong size bra, and I know that's not a good look for you!..... I am just saying....... But seriously, why wouldn't you go get a FREE bra fitting? They are super knowledgeable  about bra sizing there AND did you know they go all they way up to a 56 band width and a double JJ cup! So I am pretty sure they with be able to get you into a bra that fits you! If you are wondering how I know all this, it's because I asked them. The girls that work their are not only knowledgeable but they are funny too! They will tell you whatever you want to know, all you have to do is ask them :-) So with that little piece of advice don't forget to check out the "Naughty" corner and then ask the girls to see the demos that they have behind the counter ;-) Those things are great! In fact I added them to my Christmas list! Bottom line...... Check out 4 Real Intimate Apparel!
5	The ladies here were very helpful when I went in for a bra fitting. They have a great demeanor and made me feel very comfortable.The selection is very good for bras. They also have some really cute nighties as well as a large assortment of accessories for the boudoir. This is a local establishment, my favorite kind to give my business. I recommend them.
4	I love this store. Brightly lite and clean. Friendly staff. Until I went here I never new my real bra size I was shocked that I could find not only comfortably fitting bras and beautiful ones to.  The bigger shocker was how I looked thinner after I was in the properly fitted bra. The prices are fair and the bras hold up very well. I got my first corset from there as well.
5	My first time at this shop and I was impressed from the beginning . I had a suspicion that I was wearing the wrong bra size and I was right. They took their time with me and helped me find the right fit. I was able to get a bra that truly fit and the price was better then the major stores. I can't wait to go back because I get personalized service and it was wonderful.
5	Can you be a plus size girl and love a lingere store?  Yes you can!!!!  This is the store that will make you believe.  All kinds of fun, flirty and sexy items to tempt any taste.  Hate bras?  You will love yours once you leave this store.  The staff is fun and knowledgeable and can order any size that is needed.  A great line of hosiery and adult toys.  I got an awesome plus size swimming suit that I adore for under $35!!!  Give them a try!
5	This little shop wowed me with their prices. You can find anything bedroom related here. They have toys, lotions, oils and lingerie! They carry Lelo toys!! I purchased 2 negligees with matching thongs and a nice lightweight nightgown all for $52. The store clerk was not only helpful but had a great personality. She was also very knowledgable about all the pheromone products. I'm so glad I found this place!
