5	As most salons, this is full of artists, keeping that in mind, this salon is great. The front desk staff is so-so.John is my stylist and is an absolute magician. Not only does he not make you get services you would otherwise not need, he is one of the best stylists I have ever had. Not sure about the other stylists, but they all seem to have a following of their own, so would imagine they are great as well. Cost - is about the same as you would find anywhere else, for cut/color is around $100.
5	Nadia Salon on Walnut Street has been a blessing for me and my hair!  The atmosphere is bright and the staff always pleasant.  Jeff the owner is my stylist and a color/ cut genius! He has done wonders with my hair, and as most blondes know, achieving a natural look can be difficult.  Jeff takes the time to go over different options and ideas with me, and really wants to satisfy the look I am going for.  His hair cuts are out of this world! -Location and hours are convenient-Price is reasonable I would recommend this salon to anyone!
5	I don't like to be girlie very often. But there are 2 things about me that make me particularly "girly", my secret obsession with shoes and people messing with my hair. I'm a freak about my hair. I've gotten in cut in San Diego more times in the past 5 years than...well really it's self cutting and san diego that keep my hair in check.Unfortunately it's been awhile since I've had the time to fly out there. So I've consented to going to Pgh salons. This has NEVER worked out for me. I've left 2 salons in the past year with tears in my eyes wondering why I continue to do this to myself. But alas, now that I have bangs, self cutting is not really an option. So I researched the shit out of every salon in this city. I've heard things about Deans and of course MCN, but I always felt skeptical about Deans and MCN is more suited to desperate housewives rather than a bartender.Then came Nadia Salon. Nadia looked like a no nonsense, no frills, tastefully professional kind of place. This is what I love! I just want my hair done, I don't want ridiculous tag lines, or silly half truths about qualifications, European buzz words, and plethora of other services to take away from the one thing I only care about - my hair. The atmosphere of the salon is gorgeous. It's clean cut, not overly stylized or busy. The staff is smaller compared to other Pgh salons, thankfully, so when I made an appointment I knew that any of the 5 stylist were well qualified and professional. Anthony did an amazing job with my hair. He actually listened to me, and thought carefully about what hair color he would apply to my wild hair. He made my bangs look stunning and frame my face much better than past stylist (even the person who actually cut them). The color looked absolutely stunning as well. The prices are beyond reasonable for the service given. I'm so happy that I have finally found the salon for me. I would absolutely recommend this salon above all other ones in this city. It is truly great.
5	A new hairdresser is one of life most uncomfortable moments. Today I took chance at Nadia and am very well pleased.  I have that miserable "cover the gray and maintain the highlights" issue, and I got a great color and what seems to be a very good cut. I'll be back.
5	Came to this salon because of a coupon. Was planning on going to the salon once and not again. Well I was surprised, Anthony was a great stylist!!! I have been requesting a specific haircut for years and stylists would never do it to what I requested. Well I told Anthony how I wanted it cut and he actually did it! I love the way my hair turned out! So thank you Anthony for listening to your customer and fulfilling their wishes! Nadia Salon is worth every penny!
2	Have you ever seen Tabitha's Salon Takeover on Bravo TV? Well, I'm nominating this place to be on the show.  This place was D-I-R-T-Y. Before combing my hair, they actually pulled hair out of the comb. This should have been my cue to leave, wet hair and all. I decided to stick it out and although my haircut was ok (nothing special), I couldn't get over the dirtiness of the salon! There was hair stuck to the chairs, hair in the drawers, hair in the combs, and hair balls under the cutting stations. Gross. Also, I'm no stylist, so I don't know if the cutting utensils should have been soaking in those sanitizing jars. However, I'm sure the scissors and razors sitting in the dirty drawers weren't exactly sanitary.  While I'm not sure the haircut alone would warrant me coming back here, the lack of cleanliness at this salon definitely sealed the deal for me on not coming back.
5	I randomly googled salons in Pittsburgh and happened upon Nadia Salon because it seemed different than your typical beauty salon. I'm so glad I made an appointment here! The place has a chill, laid back vibe. It's perfect if you're not into the pampered lavender- smelling salons that play weird pop nature music. But even if you are, this place will make you feel comfortable. I don't know what the reviewer that said it was "dirty" experienced? But in my three visits here, everything has been bright and clean! Anthony is my hair stylist and does an amazing job! I have been to over 20 different hair stylists in the past 10 years, and he's honestly done the best job on my hair. He really takes his time and listens to what you want.  I have weird wavy hair that is sometimes curly, sometimes straight, so it's hard to cut so that it will look good all the time without much effort. However, Anthony has found a way to cut my hair so that it looks amazing no matter how straight or curly it decides to be. He's easy to talk to, but also doesn't force conversation like so many hair stylists I've gone to have tried to do. Do yourself and your hair a favor, and go see Anthony at Nadia Salon. You won't be disappointed.
3	Seemed like a great place, and I walked out looking very spiffy with a stylish cut and new highlights that appeared well done.  The stylist was quiet but nice enough - same with the salon.  I have to give it a mediocre review at best because most of my highlighted hair broke off within a week, so that I had short little broken pieces poking out everywhere.  The next salon I went to asked me if the person who highlighted my hair had put me under a heater, which he had for quite a while.  She said this was very risky and typically inadvisable, particularly for someone with fine hair like me.  Particularly given how expensive the bill  was, I won't be returning here.
5	The Salon: Relaxed vibe. So-so tunes. The Stylist (Nicholas): Phenomenal. I received a real, honest-to-god consultation. I could tell from the start that he was extremely knowledgeable and cared about finding a cut and color that worked for me. The Results: He picked the perfect base shade for my skin tone and eye color. The highlights look natural, like I've spent a week at the beach. I have received a TON of compliments on the color. As far as the cut is concerned, I'm pleased. I don't have a particularly edgy 'do (read: long and mostly one length), so there's not much to report on that front. Because I saw lots of ladies (and men) leaving with great styles, I would recommend Jeff, Lee, or Nicholas to anyone looking for a cut. If you're looking for color, though, go to Nicholas.
5	I am very picky when it comes to my color and highlights. Nicholas is the best colorist in town. He spends the effort and the time to understand what his customers really want. Highly highly recommended. Also, the salon is very nice, super clean and spacious with a nice view of Walnut Street.
5	Anthony is amazing. Super fun and down-to-earth. Made my grown out, meth-addict-y looking bleached mess a dark classy blonde. Love Love Love. Very affordable too for a college student such as myself.
5	Why oh why oh why didn't I just start off my Pittsburgh haircare here? I've tried out a lot of other salons in the area - Whitehouse (color/cut disaster); Kelly Elaine (beautiful cut for curly hair but inconsistent and not my favorite for color); Isle of You (color disaster); Cercone (poor customer service and godawful cut) - but I've had nothing but good experiences at Nadia. I went to Anthony two years ago when I still lived in DC to fix a majorly botched cut/bang and he was perfect (gave me the exact zooey deschanel hair I wanted), but I've been hesitant to visit Shadyside salons since I've moved back to Pittsburgh due to prior bad experiences, feeling like you pay for location more than quality, and concern that I'll get Stepford-Wife hair (not my thing). But none of this could be further from the truth. Nadia was totally reasonable price-wise and Anthony really listened to what I wanted and took my hair from a total disaster to a rich, beautiful brunette. I'm seriously impressed with his color correction work. He took his time and was very careful to be gentle with my hair that had been way over-processed at another salon. And he was very honest with his own recommendations and telling me what I did/did not need. I really thought I was going to have to invest in a large hat collection after my salon disaster earlier this week so Anthony is pretty much my hero at the moment. Also, to address the earlier comments: Maybe Nadia cleaned up their act recently but I certainly didn't see anything dirty about it. Granted, I've been to other salons (ex: Whitehouse in Pittsburgh and most of the salons I frequented in DC) that were probably "prettier" - Nadia has a kind of minimalist, industrial aesthetic - but why anyone would judge a salon on the decor is beyond me (unless it makes the place just outright uncomfortable or maybe if you're only going for a blowout/care more about the experience than a great style).And a quick note: Make sure to bring cash for tip.
5	Nadia is the best if you are looking threading your eyebrow or removing hair from your entire face or getting a great haircut.  Her price is absolutely reasonable for everything and she has the best personality.  My entire family now goes to her!
1	I went to this place because the web site looked so great. It took me 4 phone call to get an appointment but thought it would be worth the headache. I arrived to rock and roll music blasting. The hairdresser who did my cut and color really screwed up my hair. My color was bright orange at the roots and a different color on the rest. My hair was chopped so badly that my last 2 haircuts still have not fixed it. The hair dresser kept leaving me for a cigarette at least 4 times. 4 hours later left with a disaster. I cannot  recommend this place.P.s. It's DIRTY
5	I rarely write reviews, I just read them, but I felt compelled to let the Yelp world know what a true gem this place is!  I guess you could say I'm a "young professional" who likes to look clean cut.  I'm in my mid-30s and my hair is not my best quality - it's curly on top, wavy around the sides, with a bit of a receding hairline, which I guess can be a challenge to look good, which is why I have been through a fair share of stylists.....until I met Jayne!I've been going to Jayne for haircuts for 3 years now, and I know this sounds corny, but she truly has made a positive impact on my life, making me so much more confident in my appearance.  Not only does she me make my hair look so fresh...so clean, she trims and lines my beard up to perfection (and every once in a while she'll clean up my eyebrows).  From the reviving shampoo to start.... to the oldschool barbers talc she brushes on my neck to finish, it is truly an experience... every time.And that's not all, Jeff the owner is super cool, Gina the receptionist is always super friendly and attentive, and the rest of the staff always seems to be having fun...which is refreshing as the environment in most of the salons I've been too can be a bit awkward or pretentious at times.
5	Jayne has been doing my hair for many years now and she is just fantastic. She's very attentive, careful, and knowledgeable and my hair always looks great when she's done with it. Even my sister, who lives in a different state, comes to see Jayne when she's in town. She's also great with kids. My son really looks forward to his haircuts!
2	Though my haircut wasn't terrible, I won't be back here. It just doesn't live up to standards that I am used to in a nice salon. I've certainly been to worse.My appointment started about 30 minutes late, which stinks. I was about ready to walk out of the place, and then finally was available.There's one couch to sit on and wait. Not a huge deal, but I imagine it could get uncomfortable if there were more people waiting.The atmosphere looks amazing in photos, but feels not-so-great in person. The overhead lights are fluorescent and cold/sterile. There was some guy going around painting or something. The owner was shouting across the room at the other stylists and the painter guy - and had a bit of a rougher personality. It wasn't calming.My stylist, Anthony, was a pretty nice guy. Not quite what I was expecting, for some reason. We made some small-talk, and he seemed to take his time and was detailed for the most part. However, I didn't quite end up with the cut that I wanted despite what I thought were clear directions - the back of my hair ended up pretty clean/ cropped, rather than fringes. It wasn't botched or bad - just not what I wanted. Granted, I didn't even know that until I got home because he never showed me in the mirror. Then, when it came time to pay, they charged $40 instead of $33 like I had been told on the phone. I could have haggled or said something, but my mind was already made up that this was a 2-star place and I wouldn't be coming back, so I just payed it. But, watch out for bait-and-switch if you do go.
1	I don't remember the name of my stylist, but he kind of butchered my hair. I needed something fairly simple, maintenance for long hair and a bang trim. The bang turned out just beside ridiculous, the rest looked like he didn't trim anything at all, and he had no feel for overall look. I had high hopes for this place, but I won't be back. In fact, after trying several highly ranked hair salons in Pittsburgh I am disappointed and would rather drive to DC to get my hair done
5	I recently moved to Pittsburgh, and after having a horrible experience at White House, I was looking for a better salon. I found Nadia on here and I could not have been happier with my experience there. It was my first time dying my hair, and I didn't want to do anything drastic, just cover up some grays. Jayne listened to what I wanted and talked to me for a while before even starting on my hair. She was so incredibly friendly and really knew what she was talking about, which put me at ease immediately. When she was finished with my hair, it was EXACTLY what I wanted. I absolutely love my new hair. I don't think I will ever go anywhere else!
5	I had a horrible experience at a nearby salon, White House. I ended up walking out and made my way to Nadia Salon. Not only was I warmly welcomed they found a way to fit me in for a haircut on a busy Saturday afternoon. Donna, the stylist was so friendlyUpbeat and energetic. There was more personality in one stylist than I found in the entire White House Salon staff. I had a wonderful shampoo and haircut and Donna paid attention to what I was looking for. I will deffinately be back!
5	I walked into Nadia Salon one afternoon after Mint Salon on Ellsworth gave me the world's worst ombre.  I asked if I might be able to make a color consultation appointment to get it fixed. Lee introduced himself and said he would be able to in a little bit. They were kinda busy so Lee gave me some cool books on hair color to browse while I waited.  Shortly after, he sat me down in front of the mirror and validated my concerns about my hair color.  I felt so relieved.  He was super sweet and clearly knew what he was doing. We encountered some problems (my hair reacted strangely to the bleach and turned blue/green) but he was patient and determined to make it better, which he did. It was quite a process. I was there pretty much all day. But it was so so so worth it. I really can't thank Lee enough for making my hair look and feel a million times better! lee, you're my hero!Also, the vibe in that place is really cool and refreshing. It's got a rock n roll theme going on but still maintains an air of sophistication. I saw some reviews that said it was dirty-- it definitely was not dirty when I was there.
5	After 10 years in Pittsburgh, I finally found someone to cut my hair correctly. Anthony at Nadia is a superb stylist. Since my hair is wavy and unruly, most salons would chop into it to look good for the moment. Anthony has an innate sense of hair movement and cuts accordingly. So satisfied and relieved!
1	I'm new to Pittsburgh and I was looking for a place to cut my bangs because I don't need a full haircut yet. I spoke with a nasty gentleman on the phone and he proceeded to tell me I shouldn't expect a free bang trim, when all I did was ask him the price. Let me make that perfectly clear, all I did was ask the price. He thought I sounded upset by the price, but I wasn't and didn't appreciate his tone. He then hung up on me. I called back to tell him I wouldn't go there after his treatment of me over the phone and he YELLED at me on the phone telling me I was rude for asking for a free haircut. Which I certainly did not and I don't understand why he thought he should repeat that multiple times to me, I was more than happy to pay and go back there once I needed a full haircut. Very snobby and rude, if you're having a bad day don't take it out on customers. Its' extremely unprofessional and I'll make sure people know about his treatment of me.
5	I'm a 28-year-old who is relatively new to Pittsburgh and hadn't found a hair stylist yet. Had a pretty mediocre cut at MCN Salon a few months ago and knew I wasn't going back there. I have long dark brown hair which I really haven't colored since high school when I had awful highlights. I wanted something new and different with my color, but not TOO new and different, and I was definitely nervous to say the least.Jayne is SO GREAT. She listened to what I had to say, really looked at the pictures I showed her of what I liked, and extrapolated that to figure out how to make it look best on me personally (skin tone, hair color & length, etc etc). She gave me this fantastic ombre that looks beautiful- my hair does not naturally lighten in the sun, but if it did, it'd look just like this! The transition is seamless (I hate when it looks like people just dipped the ends of their hair in bleach) and I'm seriously obsessed with it-  and have gotten so many compliments. I highly highly recommend Jayne if you need any kind of color. I will definitely be going back to her for the rest of the time I live in Pittsburgh!
1	My family has been going here for almost a year. Made an appointment for my daughter,  showed up five minutes early and our stylist says she needs another fifteen minutes. OK,  that is fine. We walk around and come back. We then sit and wait for forty minutes and she is still not done.  She never says anything to us. By now my daughter, who is two,  is tired of sitting patiently so we get up and leave. When we are leaving she doesn't even acknowledge us! She is the only person who has ever cut my daughter's hair and my daughter loves her. Now we will find a new salon. Today they lost three customers.  Myself,  my husband,  and my daughter.
2	I came here after reading positive reviews on yelp, and was suprised to find probably the dirtiest salon I have ever been to. Empty beer bottles sitting around, and tons of hair on the floor that they were blowing around with a blow dryer. (I don't understand this, why not just sweep it up?) Also, some of the staff seem to have an attitude problem and seem more interested in talking amongst themselves rather than making customers feel welcomed. For what it's worth, the stylist cut my hair EXACTLY how I wanted it and I was thrilled with the haircut - but the overall experience and atmosphere left a lot to be desired.
4	My highlight and cut as well as the styling were excellent. And I was worried because I had changed my appointment to a different day. Apparently when I arrived, no one had alerted my stylist so we got quite a late start - like half an hour late. Another client came for her appointment so I waited a while longer than I probably would have had we started on time. I was there three hours for the highlight, cut and style!  But, I can say that my cut and color and the styling tips I got were worth the extra time, plus they offer free beverages and piles of fashion magazines to pass the time.  Thanks for a beautiful cut and color!
1	I went inside to get a quick hair cut the staff were Quite rude on yelp the open hours shows 9-5I walked in by 16:17 the place was fully crowded and the told me we can't have because we already closed which was a lie The hours of operation is till 5 pmI'm guessing they just didn't like my accent!!
