5	A fantastic shop with a great range of well set-out stock. Good range of bikes and staff that are willing, patient and able to talk through your requirements and help find what you need; will encourage you to take a bike out for a test. The range of accessories is great, and they have stuff that you didn't even know you needed (by that I mean new shiny things that you just want). They also provide bike maintenance and run maintenance courses.
5	The bike co-op sale is great and its worth waiting for this twice yearly event. The have a great range of bikes and the service department is really helpful. We're on bike 5 and still love going into the shop.
5	Edinburgh Bicycle Coop is arguably one of the best bicycle retailers in Scotland. Discovered these folks roughly 7 years ago and they have grown and become much better over that time. They have their own brands of bikes and equipment. This stuff is field tested and improved yearly. Their Revolution bicycles are consistently rated as one of the best by Cycling Plus. The service is really good and they offer stuff that will interest everyone from serious roadies and mud-jumpers to kids. I would use them more if I lived in Edinburgh but currently I mainly use their website to order stuff and only visit twice a year. This is a blessing since i would definitely spend a lot more money if it was local.
5	I often get sent on errands here my my mountain biking boyfriend and his cycling enthusiast father. Perks of being a lazy student I guess. Plus I often get dragged on shopping trips, so I have visited this shop quite a lot.This shop just screams good quality and professionalism when you enter. Everything is so organized and the staff are all bustling around helping customers. Every time I go the shop is quite busy, which is a tell tale sign they are doing something right. There is a workshop within the store and they are pretty quick at repairing any problems. They also stock pretty much everything that you need to ride a bike, whether its to work or up a mountain or if your just teaching your kid to ride their first bike. The staff are excellent too. As I often go in completely clueless as to what I am looking for, they always have the time to help and really know their stuff, even if I don't. And if they don't have what your looking for they will probably send you off in the right direction to get it. When they have sales they are often pretty good and there are some good biking bargains to be found.
4	I first visited the Edinburgh Bicycle co-op when I moved to Edinburgh and needed a bike. Now I didn't know a lot about bikes, still don't, but the co-op was perfect for getting advice and looking at their (comparatively) reasonably prices goods.I have since been back one or two times to pick up bits and pieces and each time I have been satisfied. This place must be heaven if you're really into your bikes, but for someone like me it helped a lot. They seem to know their stuff!The co-op has its own range of bikes and gear and I have heard from many that they are of extremely good quality. I have tried and tested some myself and though I am no expert, the quality seemed high to me.The bike co-op also has a good website for ordering and viewing stock before you visit.Well worth checking whether you are a bike expert or in need of some bycycling advice!
4	If you do cycling of any sort in Edinburgh, you will probably be familiar with Edinburgh Bicycle Cooperative.  They're located on Alvanley Terrace, near to the Bruntsfield Links.  I've been in a few times - once to get some new inner tubes, another time to get some cycling mitts (fingerless gloves) and finally to replace a light.The shop has such a great range of everything, along with staff who are passionate about the subject matter.  Whatever I was looking for, there was always a great range of that item, across a variety of prices.  This shop thus caters for the casual and hardcore cyclist alike.  It's the sort of place that you'll wonder round, and see something that you don't really need, but do want, and then try to justify whether or not you need it.  The selection of complete bikes for sale is also great to look at, with that 'if money was no object' glint in your eye.Apart from sales, the shop also does repairs in a small workshop that is part of the shop.  It's pretty much a one-stop shop for your cycling needs, and in a city like Edinburgh where cycling is the quickest way to get around, it is a very useful place.  Well worth a visit if you live nearby, or even if you don't!
5	I LOVE Edinburgh Bicycle Co-op! This store stocks everything you could every need for your bike and more! Several of my male friends are obsessed with mountain biking and so they go to this store all the time to by more things and accessories for their bikes (which they don't really need) and they always rave about this store. I came here for the fist time several months ago and was amazed at how much they sold. As well as selling bikes, wheels and helmets, Edinburgh Bicycle Co-op goes several steps further and also sells lights, bottles and tiny 'computers' to attach to your bike to monitor how fast you are cycling - amazing! The sales guys in this shop deserve special mention as they are so knowledgeable about bikes and are really friendly and are more than happy to answer your questions. Why can't all sales people be like this?!! Edinburgh Bicycle Co-op also offers classes on how to build a bike and bike maintenance. I cannot rate this store high enough - it will fulfil all of your bicycle needs and more!
5	Brilliant, well stocked shop with knowledgeable, helpful and friendly staff who are proactive about helping you out, and provide fantastic advice to help you with your decision -- whether its buying a new bike or just a new pump or spanner! They also have a brilliant website, so you can research what you're looking for before you head into the store. My favourite bike store by far.
5	Well equipped friendly and helpful.  They had a broad range of good clothing and equipment and were knowledgeable about riding in the area.  Wish I had something like this where I lived.
5	Whether a commited cyclist or just curious about what cycling has to offer you could do a lot worse than pay these guys a visit.The staff are cheery, approachable and knowledgable.Their own brand goods represent value for money. They stock everything from entry level bikes and kit under their own brand "Revolution", up to top end kit from Specialized and niche manufacturers like Van Nicholas. The store is really nicely laid out and does not have the dusty dingy feel of other stores.I have spent quite a lot here over the years and most often use it as a bit of a benchmark for what's available.
4	Were really helpful...Super quick on bike repairs...Have GoPro cameras!
4	This is a great bike shop really conveniently located, well to me anyway, though it is very central being right beside the Bruntsfield Links. The staff seem very knowledgeable. I went in to buy a mountain bike and the first staff member I spoke to was really friendly and easy to talk to. I was able to tell him what I wanted and my price range and he picked out a few possibilities for me. He even printed out the spec of one of the bikes for me to take away. When I went back in the next day it was really busy due to a sale being on so I wasn't able to talk to the same guy but the staff members I talked to were all professional and knew their stuff, while maybe not as friendly. This isn't necessarily important but is something I appreciate. The shop looks good inside and out. It's nicely laid out.
5	Consistently excellent service, friendly folk and staff with a huge and impressive knowledge of bikes. You can get pretty much everything you need for your bike here, and an extra nice touch is the grating outside the shop so you can lock up your cycle while you browse. Sweet.
3	Early morning annual service, nice one guys fixed in one day. Not cheap when you don't have the proper tools to sort it yourself - but hey as its around a central location, staff know their stuff and have the toolset, it gets fixed quickly. The shop is usually stocked well with a multitude of bikes, accessories, technical servicing products, so much so when someone like me comes in trying to replace twenty year old cycle parts it gives them a headache, of improbable magnitude.It seems if you snooze you lose with anything older than five years these days, phones, laptops, and this also includes cycles. The advancement in frames and parts is critical in achieving the best performance not only out of the bike, but yourself. Pushing your endurance to the limits, is what some prefer. I'd be happy getting up a steep hill in any gear different from first!When the cycle was collected, and wallet considerably lighter, the work done is more than adequate, making it feel like a new bike. Cheers guys :)... That reminds me to make note to buy tools, go on a bike course and get new bike!)
5	Simply the best bike shop in Edinburgh.  We have bought the family bikes here for years.Friendly and knowledgeable staff.Great range of bikes and accessories from own brand to market leaders.
