3	The place has good burgers, but I personally feel it has way too much hype. You're not going to get out of this place without spending $20-$30 (minimum) and at the end of the day you're only getting a burger and fries (albeit a good burger).It's worth checking out.
4	really good burger - wow real meat. Nice atmosphere. Good selection of local and imported beer. Great shakes as well.
5	This place is AWESOME! I went there for lunch today with 2 other friends while we are visiting Montreal, and honestly the second we walked in the door I was blown away. It totally has the vibe of a trendy bar, yet the wait staff, as well as the other patrons are not pretentious. Essentially the place is a bar that happens to sell amazing burgers that you are encouraged to customize. The burgers were amazing (seriously best I've had in the past year), they had a full bar, the prices were reasonable and our waitress looked like Cameron Diaz! Definitely hit it up for lunch or dinner if you can!
3	Very noisy -- tv was turned up very loud for a hockey game and not turned down for commercials. Packed on Wednesday night at 8 pm. Service was slow--ordinarily not a huge problem, but it's hard to talk over the noise. No choice on how your burger is cooked; kinda weird for a place offering Kobe burgers at $20 a pop. Ordered an organic burger with egg and cheese and horseradish mayo, fried onion and a starbucks shake. Everything was very tasty. They charge extra for the sides, but they are huge.
4	It was Hockey Night in Canada, and I wanted to catch Game 5 of the finals, preferably while having a drink and grabbing a bite to eat. So, joined by one of the docs--who happens to be Canadian, a hockey fan, and who was craving a burger--I arrived at M:brgr.I had only heard that it's an upscale hamburger joint. Looking at the menu posted outside, it seemed that the food was typical American diner fare, but fancier. And from the outside, we could see the TVs in the bar were already tuned to the game, so we entered.The inside was decidedly hip and contemporary--the antithesis of the kitschy eateries that first spawned diner food. J. and I seated ourselves at the bar, ordered drinks and then settled in to peruse the huge menu. This is one of those burger places where you can make all the choices you want: type of patty, bun, cheese, and toppings. In fact, the only thing you can't choose is how to have your burger cooked. The restaurant is required to cook all burgers to a basic medium, so my standard medium-rare was out of the question.What with all the distractions of the game and our drinks (J. had a martini and I had a Mystique apple cider), it took a while for us to order. In the end we both got the Country Natural Beef Burger, with the beef Food Alliance-certified from Prairie Heritage Producers, with grilled Portobello mushrooms. J. added brie and I, cheddar. I think she selected the wheat bun, while I went with the white.And there was the poutine. Now, I'd been wanting to try poutine since I first made plans for Montreal. But the warm weather was making me have second thoughts. In the end, since we wanted fries anyway, J. insisted we split an order--and it was good. High-end poutine, but poutine nonetheless, with white cheese curds and a mushroom-based gravy. If I could get this somewhere at home, mmmm ... but I digress.The burger was served quite simply on a small square plate, with a slice of tomato and a lengthwise-sliced pickle, both of which I promptly removed. I wanted to experience just brgr. And I did. I could definitely taste the beef, and I liked it. (If responsibly-grazed cattle raised without antibiotics or growth hormones results in beef that tastes like this, I want more.) In all, my customized burger with mushrooms and cheese was quite delicious.By now, the Wings were embarrassing the Penguins in what would turn into a 5-0 blowout. But, since we were both craving a little something sweet, we decided to order one of the spiked shakes and watch the Penguins unravel a bit more. It's a good thing our tastes were so similar, because I don't think either of us wanted to spend another $12 apiece. We decided to split a Bailey's shake. This too was yummy. I love Bailey's and cream--so what could be better than Bailey's with ice cream? (I'll be making these at home now!)The tab was around $80 for the two of us, including a tip--so definitely not a cheap place for a burger. But if you're willing to splurge a bit, I say: get thee to M:brgr.
4	I really enjoy the fusion of the comfortable taste of a burger with the trendy atmosphere of a hip Montreal eatery.
4	Yummie burgers that you create based on a bunch of choices found on a diverse menu. So, vegetarians have a new home in this trendy, fashionable and cool restaurant. So do meat-eaters of course. It was yummie and yummie.....
3	pros: super helpful waiter, good poutine (but i gotta tell you: i don't know what from poutine. but i didn't kick theirs off the table, ya know?). oh! and nice aged balsamic on the salad. cons: um, burgers only come well done? that doesn't really work for me. for a well done burger it was probably outstanding (tasted a bit like there was onion soup mix in the meat, but eh), but really, who wants a well done burger? we asked for medium rare and our waiter told us they only come one way, "fully cooked". picked our jaws up off the floor and gave it a whirl. not a ride i'd repeat, although the rest of our food was tasty.
3	The third star is really for the idea of the whole thing. Great atmosphere, music & drink selection but the food itself left so much more to be desired. The burger was heavy and greasy and better poutine could be found at burger king.
5	Ah yes, the gourmet burger bug has finally hit Montreal!Like someone posted earlier, yes, it has that trendy cooler-than-thou vibe but at the end of the day folks, it's a burger, fries, and a shake.It is fun to come here once in a while and splurge on some of the insane toppings you can add on (black truffles anyone?) And i have to say their sweet potato fries as well as other items on their menu like macaroni covered in truffle potato chips or deep-fried shepherd's pie are all excellent.Definitely a fun place, but if you like your burgers basic, other places to check out in Montreal are La Paryse and Mr.Steerburger.
3	Fancy burger place.  Server was nice- both of them - they had shift change during my meal..  Interesting experience.  Here in Montreal, they don't ask how I want the burger Patti,... In Cali, usually servers ask how I want it - rare to well done.. Burger was yummy considering that it's fully cooked - I was thinking how much fat is in there... but it was good.My 2 other friends and I shared the combination basket - onion, potato and sweet potato fries- onion and sweet potato was excellent but the potato wasn't crispy at all - all soggy and luck warm..Overall, it wasn't super special nor memorable meal.  I think the burger at the BBC in Menlo Park was better - considering how much the burger was - with bacon, cheddar, it was over 15$- well now Canadian $ and American $ are almost same......I've been working as a server forever so I am usually super nice to servers, huge big tipper as you can guess.  There was 3 people - one host, 2 servers next to the host desk when we left, non of them say "Thank you", "Merci"... They were all talking each other and ignored us .. I was looking at them because I wanted to say bye and thank you but nobody looked at us....
5	Nothing like a 9:30 reservation on a Saturday night with a few close friends. We got a sweet table in the back and as we passed by it was clear that this place was primed for a good time. Everyone was chattering away, tables taken, bar packed, loud music, good-looking waiters rocking their red Montreal Canadian's T-shirts. I went a more unconventional route at a burger bar and ordered the mac and cheese. If I ate this cauldron of pasta as much as I did when I was a kid I would not be the size I am today. It was heart-stoppingly good. The richest, thickest cream sauce I've ever experienced. I ordered it with porcini mushrooms, nicely distributed throughout. Truffle potato chips crushed on top were a huge "wtf" that turned out to be an amazing combo with their crunch. We ordered too many assorted fries baskets but I wish I could transport myself to that time because now I'm hungry again and really want them back. French fries, yam fries AND French friend onions. Satisfying, adventurous and just the way those fried things should be. Spiked milkshakes are huge and delicious, though just like my macaroni and cheese, hard to finish. Wider straws are needed for the M:colada because of all the ice bits but it still had a nice presentation and taste. As for the burgers, I did have a bite of a friend's so I feel I can comment. You pick your meat, your bun, your toppings. Caramelized onion and cheddar, do it. If you want a healthier choice, get the lettuce bun! Seriously, it is just two pieces of perfectly formed lettuce to be used as a bun.  Oooooo you need to try this place, more than once. I want to know and taste all this menu has to offer.
1	OK, so the food may be great here, I wouldn't know.  We went on a Saturday night in March around 8:30.  No reservations.  Put our name in at the front desk, and then spent 30 minutes watching the local hipsters walk past the folks waiting, up to the front desk, and then on to sit at the tables we were waiting for.  The management seemed to embrace this style, so we just went back to our hotel for dinner without hassle.
4	This is the hip and young type of place, remind me of Manhattan's LES.  But hold off on the "chop-chop" attitude though, this is clearly not NYC...  Since I wasn't in a hurry, it worked out well :)Next thing t o know-nothing's cheap here, so set your expectations straight.  I liked my passion fruit mojito and I felt it right away!  I also had a green salad for appetizer which was very fresh and light with the red wine vinaigrette dressing.I had Kobe beef with oyster mushroom on the burger.  Like the other Yelper said, you can't change how it's cooked but they cooked it just right!  The touch of truffle is such a sensory treat!I was stuffed after the burger but didn't want to pass up on the shake.  So I asked for a vanilla caramel with a shot of espresso to go!  It was a great dinner but cost a few pretty pennies.  Even better part was chatting up with my neighbors at the bar.  A great experience indeed.
3	M Burger. A decent burger, considering the city. Easy to walk to, harder to find parking. Suggestion - go on a night that a hockey game is playing (I think that is almost every night) and the place will completely empty 20 minutes before game time.
2	I was brought to this restaurant on May 30th with the promise that I'd have a ridiculously delicious burger.  It's a proposition I have never refused.  Perhaps, I should think twice in the future.I ordered a AAA angus burger with a regular bun, cheddar cheese, and a fried egg as a topping.  The bun was OK... kind of fancy and toasted.  The patty was seriously weird.  It was a perfectly molded, thick circle of ground meat... only the meat seemed to have been extra grounded into a slurry and then compressed together.  It was completely and evenly cooked.  However, it was bereft of any juiciness and had absolutely no taste.  The only thing that saved the burger was the fried egg, which provided the flavor.  I paid over $10 for this sham of a burger, when I probably would have been better off getting a quarter pounder from McDonald's.The decor is very modern and is about as nice as any bistro you'll find, and the waitresses are very friendly.  You wouldn't think it served fast food just by walking in.  Unfortunately, that's all this place has going for it.Then again, if you like being pretentious without substance, this is the fake burger joint for you.
2	Went here with a couple of business associates for dinner. While the wait staff was 18ish, flirty, and gorgeous, the food service was very slow. On a Monday night with place about 25% full, it took over thirty minutes for three burgers to arrive.I ordered the Kobe beef burger. It's $40 - for just a burger. If I'm paying that much for a burger, I want it RARE!! I want to taste what I'm paying for: Kobe beef.When ordering I asked for Rare. The response: "I'm sorry sir, we serve them all the same way." Ah, good! I thought. A proprietor who insists the burgers are cooked properly. I assumed it would be rare as that is universally recognized by most any foodie as most delicious.What she didn't say was "all the same way" meant EVERYTHING IS WELL DONE!!!  JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!What a crying shame. To take delicious Kobe beef, grind it for a burger and cook it until it's a dried out hockey puck.Kobe Beef is bred for the FAT! The beef are massaged by hand and fed beer daily to increase the FAT. When the beef is cooked, the reason it tastes so good is because of the marbled FAT.Cooking Kobe beef well done melts all the fat, which makes it taste like supermarket chuck. There is no difference. This is a crime and I am dismayed - to put it mildly.For a well done burger, it was passable, but I hate well done. I don't know if it's a Canadian thing. The Canadian we were with flipped when I said I liked rare - going on about e. coli bacteria risk. Escherichia coli (e. coli) is a fancy word for shit. In mass beef processing plants which make ground beef by the ton, it occasionally happens that a (filled) cow intestine gets sucked in the machine and shit gets all over meat - e. coli galore.But - if it's really Kobe beef, that means it's ground in the restaurant kitchen from Kobe beef steak. That means there is little chance of cow shit getting in the mix.For $40 and Kobe beef, I damn well expect a restaurant to be confident cow shit won't get in their meat and can cook it to order - rather than playing it safe and sterilizing my burger.Fucktards.
2	When a place is called M:Brgr, you're going in there for the burgers and that's what I'm rating this place based on.Don't get me wrong, it's an EXCELLENT place to go, order a $50 pitcher and enjoy it with your friends as hot waitresses come and ask you if everything is alright. With the music, fancy walls, tables and bar - it's a great pub-like place.As a restaurant... Eeeeeehh... Not so much.As always, when rating the burger I go for the classic to have a level-ground with all other burger joints in Montreal.Here, the burger is either a $10 regular burger, a $15 or something slightly bigger regular burger and then it whizzes to a $40 Kobe beef monstrosity with fois gras, blue cheese black truffles. You can even customise your own burger, adding shredded white truffles for $10, blue cheese for $10. Really, it is in the realm of possibility to make a $100 burger.The regular burger: Meh. Meh. MEH! I got the regular burger and an apple cider (I've never tried that before - I lived in a country where buying alcohol was not permitted outside of a 5-star hotel). The sauce, whose name I can no longer remember, which they put on the burger is basically ketchup and mayo. Not so great. The meat? Tasted like McD's. Again, this is THE CLASSIC, REGULAR BURGER. I'm not paying $40 for a Kobe beef BURGER! If I'm gonna pay for Kobe beef, I'm having it as a steak, damn it!Really, I haven't got much to say about this place - the service is slow as HELL!! It's completely ridiculous. The food is expensive and the drinks are even more expensive.Like I said, you have some money to spare and want a really fancy bar to order a $50 pitcher of vodka and lemonade, then this place is by all means a place to go to. If you want to go for their Brgr (cheap shot - forgive me) then go, but the "U" and "E" are missing from the name because the burger is also lacking in contentment.
3	Pros: Trendy, Prone to celeb sightings, great atmosphereCons: overpriced, mediocre quality burgersWould be back for the location, atmosphere
3	Visited M:brgr on a recent weekend trip to Montreal.  A happening and crowded scene on a Saturday night, but the food was mediocre at best.  The "Big Zak" burger was nothing to rave about, though the sweet potato fries were excellent.  Friendly service and reasonable prices for beer made it an enjoyable evening.
4	I have this serious love for burgers- it's an obsession really, like if I had a choice between Ryan Reynolds for future husband and a one-of-a-kind delicious burger, I'd go for the burger.  Told you it was serious. This was the second time I'd been to Mbrgr, and like the first time, I was not disappointed. Last time, I had the special burger of the day, and this time I made my own. Both times, the beef was good, the toppings were good, the buns were fresh- so I'm willing to go the extra mile and say that the quality of food at this place is always wicked awesome. We went at about 8:30pm on a Friday night and it was ridiculously packed. The wait was atrocious, and people were standing by the doors, and hovering over other people's tables, but we did get some free shots out of it, and the service was friendly and wonderful.  The music at the place is a little loud, and you're pretty much going to be speaking at the top of your lungs, but it's a good time, and totally worth going. PS- Don't go for the poutine- it's the only thing that's half decent.
5	If you come to Montreal, you NEED to go to m:brgr....it is to die for! I had the AAA burger with cheddar cheese, bacon, and fried onions. But i didnt stop there, i also had the mac and cheese with potato chips (i know, right?)a passion fruit sangria and the poutine. Ugh, so delicious! I wanted to spiked milkshakes, dear God did i want the spiked milkshake, but i just couldn't eat another bite. Too good for words.
1	I agree with Alex K....I think one should ask, WHY won't they cook a burger rare if THAT'S what the CUSTOMER wants ?WHY would anyone want to eat overpriced hamburgers and be told "we cook them the way WE want to !" ?Could it be ................hummmmm...... scary !And then they have the nerve to tell u it's against the law!R u telling me that all the other restos that both respect their customer's wishes, and/or also serve steak tartare are breaking the law ?This resto clearly does NOT understand how the client/vendor relationship should work.
3	The burgers are made to order with each topping priced individually.  If you are not careful...you could end up with a $30 burger.  Or you could go for the $100 Kobe beef burger.Overall, he quality of the burger was top notch.  The toppings and the bun was fresh..no wilted lettuce.  The beef was seasoned just right. The sweet potato fries basket was crispy and piping hot.Would I go back?  Yes, if I am in the area in the winter when I can't BBQ a homemade burger at home.
3	Waiting an hour for a table for a burger bar seems sort of silly....But we were there and they kept telling us it would only be minutes more...Those Montreal people they know how to lie and convince us! Good thing at the end of our meal they gave us free dessert to try and make up for our wait! And that dessert, although it was simple, was pretty tasty--a giant chocolate chip cookie baked in an iron skillet with ice cream on top. Pretty tasty, although I could definitely make it at home haAfter our hour wait though, we finally got to order some food. First we gandered over the drink list and saw pitchers of mojitos for $49!!! Ya pricey--especially when we asked how big the pitchers were it was definitely not the economic way to go at all haSo we got individual drinks and then I built my own burger which added up quite quickly! Why is Montreal so expensive? You pick your toppings but every topping costs money so ya....I ended up with french fried onions, cheddar and hot peppers on mine. And It was actually pretty delicious. Good quality beef too which is always a plus in my book! We also got an order of sweet potato fries which were just so so I say, but their poutine was some of the better poutine I've had!! Mainly because it was made with thick gravy heh I mean if you are going to eat something with fries AND cheese curds, you might as well just go all the way with some thick gravy too! Too bad even at a burger place (granted this is a trendy burger spot) I still managed to spend almost $30 on a beer a burger and fries....
4	This m.brgr is definitely a great venue to enjoy with friends and a few beers. Have one of their very good burgers but above all taste their magnificent sweet potato or truffle oil fries. Wow! Ok, it can be a bit expensive for such food but hey, you're with your friends, having fun, enjoying life, how can you complain? :)
2	Nothing great. Don't pay the extra for the famous truffle oil. It taste more like Penzoil or Quaker state oil. designed for the "I not know much about fine food but I like to be seen by others just like me" crowd. If you hang around long enough you'll probably run into a hockey player.
1	The only reason this place received a star from me because the meat was good.In my opinion any place that charges for EVERY additional item aside from the bread and meat is a joke. The burger price must have been to pay the rent for the area it was located.By the time you put cheese and any other additional toppings you are paying 15-20 dollars( for a burger, give me a break).The 3 of us ordered the lunch special and my one daughter wanted to change the meat to a veggie apparently that was not possible. We were told that we could substitute one of orders of fries for sweet potato but was not told their was an additional price. Alot of surprises especially on my credit card bill when I was overcharged. Thanks to Citibank it was sorted out.For a GREAT burger with real customer service go to the Latin quarter to La Paryse...
2	Do not get fooled by the design - from which you will recognize quit a few must haves from Ikea - because your food will not be sophisticated. By the way, special thumb up to the meaningless wallpaints. Once again Downtown Montreal offers us a spot claiming a concept of its own with a flashy interior and catchy waitresses. Honestly, I am not surprised to see so many criticisms regarding the service as it seemed pretty careless to me but you will see that the flashy (loud) crowd (obviously) won't mind.Moreover, the burgers weren't generous and thus in line with the service. There are some pretty interesting toppings such as Brie cheese or oyster mushrooms but the Kobe beef costs you no less than $100. And since the burgers are small to begin with, adding toppings to make it descent will amount to $20. Get a beer with that and wait for the bill.Oh and yeah. Apparently, you must get an actual dish to sip on a beer outside otherwise they will loose their alcohol permit. "Oh, poorh bahby" - ArnoldGo three blocks away instead, and try le Gourmet Burger, what this city's burger soul is all about.
2	Service - terrible; food - so-so; blonde waitress with a massive black eye - classy.
2	Very cool vibe but the hamburger sucked. Its definitely not your typical American burger. Plus it was way too expensive. You are better off finding a Five Guys. I know it exists up there.
3	It's a burger jointNo wait...it's a cocktail bar..Or maybe a sports bar....It's all of these combined.I consider m:brgr to be one of the leaders in the local downtown burger scene. Unfortunately, I can't get over the prices for the quality of food that you get there. My biggest gripe - is their burgers and hot-dogs have too much bun.Sure you will have a great time there. The service is great, the staff are super friendly and go about explaining to you the menu. If there is a Canadiens game on, they will have it showing. My recommendation to you if this is your first time: Stay away from the 'build-a-burger' menu. It can get really expensive. Try one of their pre-made menu burgers, or maybe the "burger of the day"I've gone twice to m:brgr. My first bill was 50$ (tip incl) and this was for my wife and I w/2 burgers (a Little Big Zak, and Big Zak, fry basket and 2 sodas). That's 25$ a person for burger, fries and a soda!  The Big Zak is huge, be prepared to make a mess and have the bun break apart in your hands (a fail in my books for a burger). The fry basket is $12 and comes with french fries, sweet potato fries and fried onions (a la French's Fried Onions). It's okay, but a lot of fried items and you'll want to hit the gym after eating it.On my second visit, I wanted to treat a friend to dinner before the Habs game.Their burger of the week was #60 - pulled pork poutine atop their AAA burger - cost was 17$I ordered a chili poutine,  a chili dog and two beers. He went for a hot-dog and pulled pork poutine with two beers. The poutines were good, I would have to say that the pulled pork was better than the chili version.Their pork is smoked in a  smoker for a good taste and smothered in a BBQ sauce. The hot-dogs just didn't do anything for us. There is simply too much bun being served with this meal. The sausage is tasty (a little salty), but the bun is maybe twice the size of the dog. We ate the sausages. Total bill for that meal was 76$Eat at the bar if you can. The bar staff are great at not only making you a drink, but striking up a conversation.A side note that I forgot to mention. m:brgr does help the community. A portion of their sales go towards the Montreal Children's Hospital.
5	One of the best burger joints in Montreal. It is upper class, expensive but classy and romantic.
3	A friend and I dropped in for a beer and a burger on a Sunday afternoon just before Christmas and I have to say I wasn't overly impressed.We sat at the bar at possibly the quietest time of the week, there were only 4 other people in the restaurant. I walked into m:brgr and took a seat at the bar so I didn't have to wait for the hostess to seat me even if she didn't seem to have much else to do. My friend was a little late so I was sitting at the bar on my own for 10 minutes on my own and the bar tender took more then 5 min to ask me if I wanted a drink and if I wanted a menu. Once my friend arrived the service got a little better, the bar tender took our order quickly and our food came quickly as you would expect in a restaurant with a total of 6 people in it. Now that we had our food our bar tender decided it would be a good idea to spend the next 30 min talking to the other waiter and the hostess, ensuring that no one in the place got any service. What struck me as odd was that the manager or owner was sitting at the other end of the bar working away and said nothing to his staff about ignoring the clients.Now the reason why this place is getting three stars, the food! I had the "AAA" BEEF BRGR with cheese and bacon and the BBQ gravy poutine, both were excellent. The burger was served hot and the meat was cooked just right and tasted great. Now the poutine I have to say I was apprehensive about a poutine made with BBQ sauce but I had no reason to be. The fries were nice and crispy and the sauce was very good and they had just the right amount of cheese. The food here was almost worth the below average service. If your looking for an above average burger, m:brgr delivers, just don't be disappointed when the service doesn't mach up to the food.
4	Great burgers. Definitely pricey but justifiable if you make the right choices. Ambiance is good. Service is good, polite, efficient, young staff. Milkshakes are huge and delicious. Been a few times and will go back. Last time got the messiest burger ever. Had a good patty, poutine, annndd pulled pork on it. Crazy.
4	I always have such a good time at m:brgr. The food is great, the ambience is trendy and upbeat, and there's always some sort of busy activity that makes it all the more enjoyable. I love that I am free to choose my type of burger and toppings, and there is a myriad of other options to choose from - mac n' cheese, salads, fries (the fry basket gives you a nice balance of them all! *to share), milkshakes/spiked shakes, floats, and one of the most amazing versions of a deep dish chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream that you will ever try. These are merely a "few" of my favourite menu items! It's classy, it's fun, get ready to spend some money, but it's worth it once in a while.
3	Nice atmosphere and desert .Burger is over rated and over priced .Good as hangout with friends or to bring guests but not a place to go if you are craving a delicious burger
3	Burgers are good but be carefull with the sliders and toppings. They are super expensive. It will cost you like buying 2 big burgers but you only get 3 mini
4	Since comfort food is all the rage now, and numerous people have told me about this place I decided to check it out. The concept is pretty simple, Pick a bun, burger patty, and toppings, then part with lots of money. Let me tell you, it's worth it! This was one of the best burgers that I've had! It's wonderfully big, juicy and flavourful! They put together monthly speciality burgers and combo's that are well worth it!
3	I've always considered "sliders" and the idea of sliders as a burger "quickie". It's everything you want it to be, quick, dirty and when you're finished, people don't even notice anything's gone. But M:Brgr's perverse minds so fittingly named this a "threesome" - in what context though? One big burger orgy with three burgers, or three quickies with the same burger? This analysis has gone completely off, I'll stop. BURGER SEX.
3	I HATE HIP BURGER JOINTS. All flash and no substance. The burgers usually suck and the hipsters stink up the place. M:BRGR is one of these hip burger joints where the female staff all has impressive lung capacity if you know what I mean, and/or look like Barbie dolls, while the male staff look like bums. The place looks like a fashion statement and it'll go out of style real fast, replete with IKEA chairs and loungy banquettes with a mural of the old port with a weird photoshopped-in image of the space shuttle. The greeting station is so small to allow for more seating, that the entrance quickly bottlenecks. This place is not much different from other expensive burger joints, with one major difference... the burgers are actually very good and all the sides to.The burgers range from minimum 10$ to minimum 100$... yes, yes, minimum 100$. It's a build your burger joint from regular to burger with Kobe (Rip off du jour) with foie gras and truffles.Speaking of Kobe burgers... NEVER EVER GO FOR THE KOBE. It's fatty beef, you can get fatty ground by adding fat and not paying a crazy fortune for the same end result.M:BRGR is the bastard son of Moishes, one of the great steakhouses in Montreal... legendary really. So if M:BRGR screws up a burger, it would have been a disaster. Thankfully such is not the case.They don't mess with the beef and it keeps its beefy taste, the awesome pile of pulled pork it was topped with was an amazing BBQ sauced pulled pork. The side of slaw it came with and ended up on the burger is of course the legen... wait for it... dary Moishes' slaw. You don't know slaw till you've tasted Moishes' slaw. I even buy the cheaper supermarket distributed Moishes' slaw to slap into my homemade burgers; it's just that damn good. So let me tell you this was an amazing burger, one of the best I've had that wasn't of my making in a long, long time. Juicy hot dirty mess of a burger, just the way they should be. The French fried onions are awesome (added some in the burger) but are very clumsy as a side. I would have preferred some think cut onion rings in a beer batter or something. The sweet potato fries are the best I've ever had, fried just right. Not soggy like I'm used to eating, crispy, sweet deep fried goodness. They also have above par milkshakes worth slurping down like a pig to the through.Despite decoration issues, this joint could be the most awesome burger joint in Montreal were it not for the incredibly dance club level loud music and some of its annoying incredibly dance club level loud patrons. Could be perfect, but just no banana. Great burgers and grub, LOUSY, LOUSY show-stopping atmosphere for which it loses mucho pointage.They do make a great Tom Collins though.
2	All I can really say about the place is: Average.Average (to downright cold) service.Average burger.Average venue.Their $10 burger week burger wasn't horrible by any means, just not great..the salami should have been left off, it didn't add to the burger at all, I would've liked the flavour profile much better without it. Not for me, and I will probably not be going back here with all the (much)better, friendlier & cheaper options around.
5	M:BRGR is an excellent spot for many reasons: top notch food, great decor, buzzing ambience, awesome drinks and good service staff.  If you're looking for a great burger and a little fun before you party it up, this is the place!  M:BRGR is one of our favourite burger joints in town (or for a couple of martinis).
4	Lettuce wrapped burgers for my paleo needs!!!
5	Hottest burger joint in the hottest city in the world
5	Great ambience,  the waiter was super friendly Alexandro. I had the tuna burger and poutine. The burger was good. I was not expecting it to be cold but it was delicious. The poutine was better than the average . I prefer the BBQ sauce than the standard poutine. Sweet potato fries  are addictively yummy .  And the owner is super friendly and free desserts
4	I had the BEST time at Mbrgr!! We walked in on a Saturday night, got seats at the bar immediately and were treated so well!! The bartender, Dan, was impeccable! He made me a roasted apple and cinnamon drink and a small side raspberry mojito as he overheard me talking about the amazing one I had at Burgundy Lion. Later in the night, he heard me talking about how much I love basil and made me a basil inspired drink that was delicious! He was listening without imposing, offered great conversation, didn't seem overwhelmed and really seems to love his job! I decided to try the burger of the night which was a 9oz burger topped with Brie, smoked bacon and a cucumber mango relish. It was AMAZING!! I never finish a burger and they are always so messy. This burger was not only delicious, it had the best bun! I keep telling everyone about this bun! It matched the burger perfect and you weren't left with too much meat or too much bun. Sweet potato fries were delicious as well. We couldn't resist dessert when someone beside order theirs which was a chocolate chip cookie in a small cast iron pan with two scoops of vanilla ice cream! I gained 10 followers on instagram after posting a pic of this dessert!! I always judge a resto based on their service first, food second. I can't eat food I love with horrible service, but I can eat ok food at a place that I enjoy being at. Luckily mbrgr excels at both! I even went back for lunch a few days later to see if I felt the same way, different server, same burger, sat at the bar and loved it!! I've told all my friends to go and try it out! I can't wait to go again!
3	Mbrgr: Yummy? Yes. Juicy? Yup. Expensive? Sure. Worth it? Once in a while spending some bucks on a great burger that u get to choose the toppings and have crispy sweet potato fries. Damn right it's worth it!The place has a great vibe, good service and would go back. The only complaint is how u r charged for dipping sauces for the fries. Come on! Really? We spent enough on the burger and fries, do u really need to charge for spicy mayo?All in all good.
5	Great ambience,  the waiter was super friendly Alexandro. I had the tuna burger and poutine. The burger was good. I was not expecting it to be cold but it was delicious. The poutine was better than the average . I prefer the BBQ sauce than the standard poutine. Sweet potato fries  are addictively yummy .  And the owner is super friendly and free desserts
3	The decor is urban hipster; the restaurant is a decent size but not excessively large by any means.  The tunes are usually good, which is a bonus for me, and I think you can watch the game there which is a bonus for the gents. As far as service goes, the wait staff is OK but not spectacular - it really depends on who you get. One thing is consistent - these people are damn slow, so don't stop by if you're in a hurry. That said, if you let them know that you're on a schedule, they will try to accomodate you.As far as the food goes, well, I don't eat red meat so can't comment on the burgers other than to say that they're huge and can be expensive.  I always order the same thing - the Asian chicken salad (baby bok choy, romaine lettuce, carrots, roasted Ramen noodles, french fried onions, scallions). I love the crispy fried onions and Ramen noodles and the dressing is nice and light. As far as the chicken goes, it depends on the day - sometimes it's perfect and sometimes it's dry. I also love the sweet potato fries - m:brgr makes them just right, with only a hint of salt. So tasty.  If you still have room, order the Tiramisu - it is so sinfully delicious it makes me want to die every time I have it. The cake is extremely moist and is topped with thick, smooth cream. SO. GOOD. Don't pause to count the calories - just keep eating!m:brgr can be a little on the expensive side but worth a splurge once in a while.
3	The first time I went there I was quite pleased.  It's a cool concept, the restaurant looks slick, and the list of burger is interesting.  After 5 or 6 times going, I have to say it all tastes the same.  The burger are a little dry all the time.  It is not cheap either but that is to be expected.  Try it and see.  As for me, I will try other places before going back again, it's not like there is a shortage of restaurant around there.
4	The food was pretty good.  Watch out for how many toppings you get on your burger because the price can start to get up there if you start overloading it.  My main issue with the place was the noise level.  It's next to impossible to have a conversation with people sitting right next to you or across from you because it's so noisy in there.
2	Very very average with snarky tourist fatigued service. Skip it and head to art:brgr. Excellent cider though.
5	Great atmosphere. Very friendly staff. Prompt service and very delicious burgers and sweet potato fries. Love it!
5	One of the hippest places in downtown Montreal, I'm a regular at Mbrgr because of the relax ambiance, friendly staff and of course delicious burgers. A few years ago we watched the Habs playoff run at Mbrgr and we had a blast with the staff. Do not go to Mbrgr without trying the chocolate chip cookie desert.
3	It's not quite 4 stars (3.5) but I like the casual fun atmosphere and the young crowd that frequent this place. It is pricey, but I think it's to keep a certain crowd versus the food.  The food is good, but not 'great'.  Seems pretty popular spot with the hipsters with money.
4	I just visited MBurgr for lunch on my first business trip here in over a year. I found the place looking on yelp, and looked over the menu before I went. I was interested in the concept, and saw they had some gluten free options. I loved the idea of the tuna and the lettuce "bun," so I decided to give it a try. I walked in and sat at the bar. It was pretty empty. The bartender behind the bar was great. Super friendly and told me all of her favorites on the menu. I went with her reco- tuna burger on the lettuce bun with mango cucumber relish and goat cheese. She also recommended horseradish sauce for dipping and that I Get the sweet potato fries. I did all of these things. The burger was sloppy and tough to eat, but pretty damn good. She also brought mayo for the sweet potato fries, which i thought was kind of gross, but I did love the horseradish sauce with them. All in all the food was good and the people were so nice. I think she refilled my (small) water cup 10 times. The bill came to $35 which is pretty steep to me for a tuna burger and sweet potato fries.When I was at the bar I asked her for some other recommendations for places to go to dinner, she wasn't sure, but the owner Jeff was sitting right next to me. He came over and offered up about 5 places or so. He wrote them all down for me and told me the best of each places. now THAT is customer service. I would recommend this place alone because of how nice everyone was. Totally unexpected but appreciated!
4	8Went to Burger bar at first but couldn't get into that without a reservation so decided to come to this restaurant. Its pretty nice, good atmosphere and very modern looking. The menu is very very pricey! It ranges between $10 for just an AAA beef Burger to the famous $100 Burger that has just about everything expensive. But I thought it was worth every penny. The Kobe beef there is very amazing, it's juicy and tender and a lot better than your typical Burger patties. For me I got the little big zak with Brie instead of Cheddar and added foie gras. It was a bit salty for my taste (most likely from the Brie) but the foie gras in the Burger just made it extremely tasty! Highly recommend! There's also this truffle sauce that comes with the 100 dollar burger, you have to HAVE to try it! I don't know what it is but once u start eating you really can't stop.
3	It's a nice place, very contemporary and has a large space. It looks like a lot of college students go here. One good thing that I like is the fact that when you get in the main door, you've got the option to go to the restroom downstairs  or the restaurant upstairs. So if you're in the area and need to "go", you can drop by and maybe get a burger too! So the price for the burger I got was about 15 bucks, the fries were good and I guess I asked for more pico de gallo which was about a buck and a half. Service was fine, but like most places in the area, its street parking and sucks.
3	This place has super amazing burgers. I have been here three times, and every time had a different variation, and it was always really good.Why only three stars? Well the price brings it down one. It is just a little too expensive. I can't help but feel after every time I eat here that I've paid about 20% more than I should have been charged, all things considered. Also, location/clientele brings this place down another star. Depending on when you go, this place tends to attract douches from the area looking to indiscreetly buy the $100 burger (yes it exists) and all kinds of stupid things.That said, I really do like this place. Friendly staff, nice patio in the summer, great burgers, and bar, etc. But these two things prevents this place from becoming my "go to" burger bar.
3	This review is just for the brunch. Menu sounded adventurous, tasted less so. Truffle chip mac & cheese? Just kinda bland cheese-sauce noodles with potato chips crumbled on them. Chicken and waffle? A sugary desert waffle. You've already got maple syrup and caramel sauce on the plate, standard waffle would work fine. The South is not amused. Chicken was okay.Ordered a side of fruit. Received a bowl of pineapple with a few slices of strawberry. Just odd.  $4 small glass of watery OJ with ice in it rounded out an astoundingly expensive, average brunch. No room inside so we sat outside in the wind-tunnel cold. Asked for our check mid-meal, the one time the waitress came to check on us (so we could get out as soon as we finished eating) but finished eating and went inside and had to flag her down.Again I wish there were half stars on Yelp. It's a 2.5 in my heart. An expensive 2.5.
3	I went here for a friend's birthday. The prices were somewhat steep but the burgers were the best I ever had in my life. Huge mouth watering burgers made by the angels in heaven and descended by a gravity ray in my plate. (Then again, I'm usually frugal so my standards are low)Very wide variety of burgers, decent service with mediocre small table seating typical to broke bars/pubs that try to look classy.I had the big Ralph and it was hands down the best burger I've had in my life. The only reason my review is not a solid 5/5 is due to the prices (15$ for a damn burger man, ouch!) and the interior is, in my opinion, poorly decorated for a place that tries to look classier than the typical burger joint.
1	Really overpriced burgers that don't deliver anything other than an evening on the toilet. The menu looks great and has all of these unique options, but the burgers were bland which just added insult to injury. The nail in the coffin was the $25/person price tag for burger/fries with a tap water. If you're going to charge that much, it better be nothing short of amazing.
4	Food- The food was delicious- I like the fact that you can customize your own burger from meat to buns to toppings to sides- Great selections to choose from when creating- Try the Kobe beef, very delicious- Sweet potato fries were cooked to perfection- Food came out hot and fastDrinks- Great selections of beers, liquor and wine- We ordered a bottle of wine for the table and the server was always by our table to fill our glasses; I didn't pour a glass once - Water was also never emptyService- Always on top of each table- As mentioned above, glasses were never empty and always poured for us- Was polite, courteous and always availableAtmosphere- Can either sit inside or on the patio; if its a nice night, enjoy your meal outside- Very casual and laid back; no need to suit upPrices- I found everything reasonably priced for what you are ordering- The deal of the month is the only burger that comes with a side- Otherwise, your sides are paid for seperately
2	One of the average burger bar I had ate in the recent times. The option for choosing your burger, bread and toppings is not a bad option but was overly priced. After you choose a burger, cheese and 2 toppings your price for the burger is around $25. On top of it is not good either. We also ordered the classic poutine and that was a bad idea. The fries were not crispy and the gravy was cold and missed seasoning. The ambience and the service is not bad compared to the food they serve. Definitely not worth it.
3	So I went to m:brgr for the first time tonight, hoping to have a nice, filling, good quality meal. I wouldn't say I was let down, but the burger was good- not more, not less. Did I enjoy it? Yes. Would I go back for it? Maybe not. My girlfriend and I both ordered the "little big Zak" burger. This was a simple, one patty beef burger with lettuce, a pickle, a tomato, cheese and some sauce (not sure what it was). We ordered a bowl of sweet potato fries on the side (these didn't come with the burgers). The fries were really very good. Finally, we ordered the cookie with vanilla ice cream as a dessert. This was probably the highlight of the meal. The cookie was baked to perfection. The only problem I would say it had was that it was a bit too big, even though we were two people sharing the dessert. Price wise, it was about $25 per person. Not too bad for a slightly upper scale burger bar/diner. Overall, a solid 3 or 3.5/5!
