5	I had the opportunity to work with Olga few times and honestly she never stops surprising me with quality and amazing results!Absolutely professional and at the same time easy to work with. Everything is very well done and put together- from the idea, set, lights, styling and given directions.. Olga Minkevitch is a true talent and a bright star in the fashion photography industry!
5	Just look at the photos!!! The talent of this photographer speaks for itself! As a model I had the great opportunity to shoot with her and I ended up having the most remembered and catchy picture in my portfolio! Olga knows exactly what she wants, she's super well organized (she worked on me with my wardrobe and previously set up the make up direction as well with the MUA) so the shoot went very quick and we had the best results in a short amount of time. She has it all!! I'm giving a 5***** HANDS DOWN!!! THE BEST PHOTOGRAPHER IN TOWN!! .. Wish she was in L.A now that I moved from Vegas!!!
5	Olga is amazing! My boyfriend and I used her photography services for promo pics for our music project and WOW! She not only delivers amazing pictures and quality of pictures; she is so nice and makes you feel comfortable. Her husband ken was there helping out too and he is the nicest guy! We had a hard time finding a good photographer here in Vegas that wasn't just doing weddings and I'm so glad we found Olga. You will not be disappointed! I will definitely be using her services again.
5	Awesome photographer! I sought her out to get some headshots. She was great! Very accommodating and the shoot felt very comfortable. The resulting pictures were amazing and absolutely beautiful! I definitely recommend her.
5	Olga is not only a talented photographer but highly professional in how she conducts the photography session. I highly recommend her to anyone wanting good quality work. She is a genuine and sincere professional who has your best interests at heart. Her patience and willingness to do whatever it takes to ensure a quality outcome was much appreciated.
5	Great pictures!  Used for various purposes between work and personal.
