5	Yep, 5 stars yet again Penske auto group.After turning in my leased BMW and going back to Range Rover's I was sure upon SURE that I would be here rather frequently (those of you who have had a rover know what I mean ;) )I must say, service at BMW was good but service at Land Rover..... unreal.My service advisor, Mike D. is the man to see!Breakdown of a service appointment... 1. Drop car off for issue same day2. Receive keys to badass new Infiniti or other awesome rental car3. Pick car up in the afternoon fully detailedHow DOESN'T that suck?? Way to GO Penske!!!!
4	Hmmm.... shouldn't we be able to review the sales and service departments separately? Because they're kinda like night and day? Huh?When I was in the market for a Rover, I naturally ended up here a couple of times sniffing around their pre-owned inventory. The salesman (whose name escapes me) spent a good chunk of time with us, but I really think he just wanted to play on the totally cool and bad ass off road course in the back, which takes the vehicle to completely nauseating angles and inclines. My SO had a big hard on from the experience, but the show was kind of unnecessary given that the only off-roading this girl is gonna do is going to involve curbs, bad traffic, and road rage. After we diddled around for a few minutes on the street in the pre-owned vehicle I liked, I got a brief hard sell for a new one. Not surprising, but annoying nonetheless. I told them thanks, I'd think about it, blah blah blah. I really liked the one I drove although I wanted  to spend more time on the street with one. This is where the salespeople became MIA. Totally unhelpful. Completely worthless. And actually kind of snippy when pressed. So, screw them. I bought the exact used Rover I wanted from another dealership, fairly painlessly.The tide turned when I brought my new Rover up there for service. The service staff are amazingly helpful and kind, and the service I have received there has been excellent, from a routine check up/maintenance to buffing to remove some surface scratches. The fees aren't astronomical; in fact, the buffing was over $100 less than other places. Even though it may cost a little more, I will definitely bring my Rover back here for the most routine of tasks, oil changes and all. I'm a convert. I'll just stay away from the sales side!
4	I'm about as car illiterate as it gets. That said, I've worked with numerous dealers on my service issues, and Land Rover N. Scottsdale employs a group of rover-loving rockstars in their service department.My LR2 spent about 48hrs at the dealer with two completely unrelated issues this past week, and the total cost to me was my *optional* 2nd major service visit -- which was done after they already  had my car in the shop.I have been here numerous times for assistance or small tweaks, and Mike D. is the guy to see when you need someone to believe you when you seriously start to think that you're 'hearing things' again :)  He was willing to let me keep my rental over the weekend just to keep trying to replicate the mystery issue I presented them with.I have never seen anyone unhappy when bringing in their car or picking it up from servicing -- a true sign of a great shop. I'm very happy they've switched to providing Land Rovers for rental vehicles as well....that goes a long way. Their waiting area could use some work with amenities since the caliber of cars mean their clientele probably expect more...but let's face it, the waiting area at Porsche is almost worse...take a cue from my favorite Illinois dealerships (McGrath!) and up the level of the coffee, and you might just get 5 stars next time.
1	I've spent well over $ 5,000 to try and get an issue with my brakes lights fixed, and after 3 visits and many thousands of dollars later they couldn't figure out the issue. Since then I've done more research and I found out there there's Technical Service Bulletin (TSBs) for the exact issue that I've been having, and so I had thousands of dollars of service that wasn't needed, and that didn't address the root cause. The service department is incompetent or they are just trying to take advantage of their customers. Either way I would strongly recommend avoiding this place, especially their service department.
1	have left two messages for two different people in the service department, 60 hrs later, still no call back.pretty bad service.had an acura mdx before, awesome experience.
5	I was surprised at the ratings Land Rover North got on Yelp. My experience was completely different. i was able to set up my oil change a day in advance and when I got there they started right away on my vehicle. I waited during the oil change and the girls at the service counter were very attentive and made sure I knew where the water was as well as the password to get online. Great experience for me.
5	This is the second car i purchased front this dealership.  The staffs amazing from Managers Bobby and Kyle to sales Deseriee to service Mike  Easy to do business with ,keeps all promises . Goes out of there way to make you happy . This is the first five stars i posted to yelp. But these guys deserve it.
5	This was the absolute best experience I've ever had buying a car!  Desiree and Jason, in sales, made me feel so comfortable and right at home at the dealership.  They were beyond courteous and efficient, making the transaction effortless.  I can't forget to mention Patty in financing.  She was very kind and informative, and made the whole financing process painless.  I'm so impressed with this dealership and am extremely happy with the purchase of my vehicle from start to finish.  I will definitely purchase my next vehicle from Land Rover North Scottsdale!
5	As always, Cheryl Wolf took GREAT care of me and my vehicle! Thanks, Cheryl! Always a pleasure.
1	Second time here. Very disappointed. It's one thing to own a land rover and frequent the service department regularly, but when the service manager is unhelpful and totally vacant you really question your choice in service centers. This will be my 3rd time here and they still can't find me in their system. Oh wait $5,000 in service needed. I'm in their system now.
5	Mike Dilello is the reason I'll buy another Land Rover from North Scottsdale Land Rover.  Mike is by far and large THE BEST service advisor I've ever had. And I've had a few over the years with BMW, Infiniti, etc.  He is accomodating and down to earthwith a no nonsense approach who never tries to upsell me.  It's a true pleasure having my car serviced because of Mike.  I've never had a bad experience thanks to him!!!
1	This place low balled us by $7,000 on a trade in offer, compared to other dealers that appraised our trade-in. Also the sales person Mr. Rosin acted  lazy and dishonest in our opinion. He actually argued with me during the test drive. We left angry and  disappointed with this dealer. Stay away from these clowns, they are too busy enjoying their leisure time to be bothered with prospective customers.
3	I bought a used BMW from land rover north Scottsdale. For the most part, the purchasing process was well handled. I needed the car shipped to Florida and they arranged to have this done. I received the car, minus the manuals and with some minor damage to a protective cover on the underside of the engine. After contacting my sales rep, I was basically told that I was on my own to settle the issue with the shipper. I do understand that this was a second party issue, but at this level of car sales, I would have expected a little more service and care from this dealership. Somewhat disappointing after having spent a fair amount of money on a car from what I thought was a well regarded and reputable place of business.
5	After submitting my concerns via Yelp, I was contacted by Alane B. She got me in touch with Bobby Perich (General Manager) who offered to assist in the second party shipping issues. I was able to purchase the manuals through a local dealership and have them fix the underhood damage. I submitted my costs to the shipper and am waiting a response. In the mean time, Bobby offered to reimburse my costs should the shipper not respond. Knowing full well that this truly is a second party (shipper) issue, I fully appreciate the response and attention from the general manager in resolving this problem. Very much in tune with the service I would expect from a high quality dealership.
5	This was a great experience.Our salesman Dave Johnson was really working for us to obtain this high in demand SUV.What I was most impressed with was how knowledgeable Dave was in all the new electronics they have added.I was introduced to the service rep and the financial part was really easy.Highly recommend this dealership which is why this is our 3rd car with them.
5	Excellent. Professional and helpful. Happy to refer my friend.
5	We had a great Experience purchasing our Land Rover LR 4. Our salesman was Rob Rossi. It's been two weeks now and he called to check if everything is going well. Very nice man and very helpful. I would highly recommend him as your sales consultant
5	You pay a premium price for parts but you don't have to wait for them to be shipped. Nobody knows more about LR parts than Joey!
5	We didn't buy a Jaguar or a Land Rover, we actually bought a used 2010 Altima from them. Initially we went to look at a very low mileage 2012 that they had advertised on cars.com and when we got there they also had the 2010 on the lot that we ended up buying. Even though the car we bought was considerably less than their new cars our sales consultant Steve Richard treated as well as if we were buying new. The only thing lacking from this experience was pushy salesmen, pushy managers or that damn four square sheet that you get everywhere else. The whole experience was very relaxed and non stressful. We also were given an honest value for our trade and after talking it over we decided to try and sell it ourselves. They were also able to get us financing at a great rate even though we already had a approval from our bank. I forgot to mention that the car we bought was already marked less than blue book value and was the best deal I was able to find anywhere on a used V6 Altima and yet we were still given a discount on the sales price. This was easily one of the easiest car buying experience I have ever had. We'll definitely buy our next vehicle from these guys.
3	When is Land Rover fast? When they're processing my payment. When do they take their sweet time? The remainder of the time. BTW, that free coffee is gonna cost you.
5	Just picked up the chariot with new brakes, major tune-up, enhanced audio system, & better suspension than ever before! Thank you, Mel, for turning a bad situation right around. Your class & style redeemed this service department once again today.
5	Rob Rossi provided exceptional customer service.  I would highly recommend this dealership and Rob for anyone wanting to get a Range Rover or Jaguar
5	I recently purchased my new 2013 Hyundai Elantra from this dealer.  Rob Rossi made the process quick and painless, chatting with me online about the car and helping me apply for loan approval online before even visiting the dealership.  I was able to show up with all the paperwork (no hassling with running back and forth between the dealership and home) I needed to walk out the door with my new car.  I was initially a little nervous going to a luxury dealership that sells such expensive high end cars but was quickly put at ease by everyone's friendly non jugemental attitudes, even though I showed up an hour before the lot closed.  The thing I was most impressed by was the honesty I got from Rob about everything from the value of my trade in to making sure he explained that my tags were only good for six months (I'm new to the state).  I got a great car and a great price and will certainly be returning to do business with Rob and all the other staff at North Scottsdale Land Rover!
5	This  is the 2nd vehicle I have purchased from Land Rover and it's because of the excellent level of customer service they provide.  Actually, it's because our salesman, Jon Parske is awesome!  He's great to work with and hope if you're in the market for a car that you go see him!!!
5	I leased a 2014 Range Rover from this dealership and my experience could not have been more pleasant.The salesman, Caelen Armijo, was extremely helpful, thorough and accommodating.  He made the entire experience very enjoyable, much more so in fact, than all other salespeople I have dealt with in the past at different dealerships, having purchased several high end vehicles.I should also mention Desiree, who prepared the paperwork, and was also extremely helpful.On top of the great experience I had, they went above and beyond when they helped me swap out the vehicle I had leased and driven for 4 days, for the same vehicle in a different color that I preferred.  I couldn't have been more pleased with the entire experience.Thank you Caelen.P.S.  I love the car.
5	Pretty awesome Rover   dealer Great service. From Cheryl  Wolf Great. Sales staff always trying to make it happen10 years and 5 rovers later It's been a good experience which is rare today.Bravo
5	Today I just purchased a vehicle from Steven R.(internet salesman).  I can not say enough praises for the great job he and the staff did to put me into a car today. Great service from the moment he shook my hand and introduced himself, to the signing of the paperwork.  He went to bat for me to get a fantastic deal   Honesty and integrity are two very important values I look for in a person.  When Steven saw a problem,  he made sure the problem was fixed the correct way.  He did not just try to cover it up and put a bandaid on it. He at the company's expense had the problem  fixed.  Thank you, Steven, for  putting me in my dream ride. Jim
5	Donald Molumby is the nicest and most efficient service advisor. Don Always delivers outstanding service and has always meet my needs. Thank you.
1	My experience with Land Rover Scottsdale has been nothing but a run around, poor communication and lack of professionalism. I purchased a 2013 Land Rover LR4 from the showroom floor without any reservation or hesitation at the beginning of December. We had originally wanted the 2014 full size Range Rover and placed an order but have yet been contacted (going on 5 months). When we purchased the LR4 the finance manager would not allow us to take the vehicle unless we registered in the state of Arizona but we are from New Mexico (NM driver license). After leaving the dealer and paying AZ taxes and registration fees we found out this was incorrect. We have been trying to work with the finance manager for the past several months to register and get a physical license plate for our LR4 in NM. Back in February I was told from the finance manager that for the inconvenience for my time he would get my wife and I jackets from the parts department and he asked for our sizes. I sent the size and have yet to see any jackets.  In addition when we purchased the LR4 there was damage to leather on one of the seats and a blemish in the paint that was documented as an "I owe you" item in the purchase. When I brought the LR4 back for repairs and picked up the vehicle it was full of a white dust all over in the interior. The service manager came out apologized and wiped down some of the seats and stated he would give us a full detail the next time we brought the LR4 in. Overall my experience has not been the good and I have had better service at Wal-Mart. And yes I am still waiting for my license plate anddriving around with the second temp tag.
1	My mother-in-law bought a Jaguar from this dealership several years ago. She is getting older and we were helping her service her Jaguar. We called Lee for assistance on Wed. Repeated calls/messages went unanswered for days even though we had told the "service manager" that we were leaving town on Sunday. On Saturday, we finally decided to drive our rental car (which they did not provide) into the dealership to check on things. The lovely young woman had no idea why we had not been told that the car was ready. We paid the bill and headed off- only  to discover the air conditioning was now not working. Not one of the original issues! After our service experience this week, I hope to never step foot there again.
5	We purchased a Range Rover from this dealership with a seamless experience. We have owned other luxury cars & by far, our experience with Mel Charles has been absolutely superb! Mel is a class act. Trustworthy & goes the extra mile to make sure our experience is stellar. I would purchase again based on the service experience alone.
1	Do not go to this dealership!!!I went here prepared to purchase a 2015 Range Rover Sport but was told they only had 1 at the dealership and that I could not test drive it unless I was serious about buying it. How does a serious buyer look?  Was I wearing the wrong clothing. Did my 2014 BMW 740 Li scare them away?  I asked them if they were serious about selling it and walked out. Needless to say, my experience with Chandler BMW was much better last year. I went across the street to Mercedes and had a very pleasing, civil experience there with Roger. Poor service is obviously how Range Rover operates. My last few vehicles were a Lexus, Porsche and BMW. Hmmmm, wonder if Range Rover would like to be next...not happening.
5	Got to love a qualified and courteous service team! Vehicle is always ready when told, making appointments is a breeze, and transportation needs are always met! Having a cup of coffee and oodling over the new cars is always nice too! Be sure to contact Mel Charles for all your Land Rover service needs. Trust him exclusively with our Supercharged Range Rover.
