5	I have been to this office 4 times for a variety of scenarios with my children and myself.  I have always received excellent medical care with very short waiting times.  Dr. Noriega was very considerate and kind with my children which is a big plus in my book.
4	Large, clean facility, quick and friendly service.  Got me in and out very quickly.
1	Wish I could give 0 stars. I reached at 7:45 pm and the lady at the counter rudely said they are closed, even though the sign outside said Open and closing time is stated as  8pm. Terrible attitude, indifferent & callous, clueless about why people go to facilities like fast med.I had tried to get appointment through their site prior to the visit, but it was broken.
1	After waiting twenty minutes for the girl at the front desk to get off the phone talking about how much she wanted to be off work and taking care of literally everybody except myself the medical attention wasn't bad if you like them to tell you to continue taking the Tylenol you've been taking for the past week that hasn't done any good resulting in your initial visit to Urgent Care. What am I paying you for? I feel like the Mexican restaurant next door would have made me feel better than they did.
1	I went to this facility in March due to chest congestion.  I scheduled an appt online and was the second one in the door when the office opened.  After waiting an hour (due to computers being down and they had to do everything by hand, they said) I saw the Physicians Assistant for about 7 minutes.  My bill was $295!  They heavily promote this as an affordable alternative to the emergency room based on the price, which they state is $200!  No where on their site do they mention their base visit is $295 (which is what the billing dept told me when I called them). I would not recommend this urgent care to anyone - there was nothing urgent or affordable about it!
3	Came here a few weeks ago because my boyfriend was being a doofus and sliced his finger open (deep into muscle tissue) with a really sharp knife. They were fast, he was called back within maybe 5 minutes of being checked in, but then again we were the only people there, until 2 other ladies came in. There was no Dr. on site but a NP ( nurse practitioner).My boyfriend's had his finger numbed with a localized anesthetic. The nurse practitioner was fairly nice, but a little strange he said. The CNA that was helping, was fairly nice as well, but my boyfriend was not happy when the NP was injecting his finger with a needle and the CNA kicked the table his arm was resting on. Then the CNA kept grabbing the wrong sized stitches which my boyfriend found to be funny, but the NP was not amused. He was stitched up & we left 15 minutes later. It was a great experience for the most part. And we went back 3 weeks later, the stitches were removed. The cut was still very open, and my boyfriend was told to put neosporin and a band aid on it. Which it is still not 100% closed up and this was geeze over a month ago!
3	Nice little clinic.  I had to stop in here for a pre-employment wee-wee test and they were quick to get me in and as friendly as they had to be.  I hate when people complain about their jobs while they are at work and there was some of that going on the day I was here and I believe this location had just opened at that time.  Overall it was a fine experience for what I needed done.  Just an FYI, I passed!!
5	Nice to have an urgent care in this community .  Great PA very thorough and knowledgable. Only improvement would be a little faster service.
4	Wow! Super impressed with this place. My husband smashed his hand in the car door and it was pretty bad. They got him in quick and out quick. So nice! Target is right next store, so its easy to fill your prescription without running somewhere else!
1	If you are in a hurry or think you are going to get in and out, you will be very disappointed. I waited an hour and a half to take a drug test for a new job. When I asked what is going on the lady at the front desk told me that there was a medical emergency and I would have to wait longer.( she is not the doctor) again I was only here to pee in a cup. Horrible service!!!!!
1	never again...drove the six miles in there only to find out there is no doctor on duty. what a waste of time. Sure I could have called but when I need "urgent Care" (in their name) I would expect someone scheduled. Whats urgent about that? Sounds more like "Not That Important Care" to me. Perhaps a name change would be appropriate?
1	100% the worst medical facility I've ever been to. Waited over 2 hours to see the Dr when there was only 3 people there to be seen. Then the Dr didn't even examine me, he came in with a list of scripts (this was the 1st I saw of him) and when I told him the medication my regular dr gives me when I get sick (he calls it the cold killer combo and it has worked everytime) he didn't even acknowledge it and just handed me the scripts he wrote (without even seeing me, didn't even know what I looked like until the scripts were already wrote and being handed to me). So not only was the wait forever, he gave me meds without even examining me. The only employee I had any interaction with was a student who just confirmed what I wrote on the chart was correct. Slow service abs a dangerous atmosphere (meds handed out without even seeing the patient) will keep me from ever returning, no matter how necessary it is
4	I have been to a handful of urgent cares around the valley and this is by far the nicest. The waiting room is clean and organized, the staff were friendly and the wait time was short. I checked in online before going and arrived 15 minutes before my check in time to finish paperwork. When all was said and done I was there less than 45 minutes. I have been to other urgent cares that offer the check in amenity and I still end up waiting over an hour just to get in. The only complaint I have about this place is, it was hot. Since it's 110+ out I enjoy a little ac and I felt like they could definitely turn it down at least 10 degrees before it would be considered comfortable.
1	Very clean with friendly office staff. Be cautious - staffed by NP and PA's. Went in with pain in the ear. PA diagnosed inner ear infection with antibiotics. 4 days later there was no improvement and the staff encouraged waiting another day. ON 5 th day a second visit showed it progressed and a new antibiotic was prescribed. 5 days later I went to a specialist to find out it was diagnosed incorrect ant the antibiotics would not work. I was charged (my cost) $150.00 for first visit and $100.00 for second with $75.00 in med.
5	Great service!  Knowledgeable, courteous staff!  Great FNP, Raelynn as the medical examiner.  Highly recommend!
1	do not go here, especially if joseph Blackburn PA is working that day!he has horrible bedside manner. he has a too cool persona which is very annoying when you need his help. my husband and I took our three year old there on a Saturday due to fever and complaining of ear pain. they could not diagnose her with a ear infection due to wax being in her ear. they tried cleaning it but they couldn't. so instead Blackburn told me, my husband and my 12 year old that it could possibly be Enterovirus and we should take her to the ER! and that a child died a week before from enterovirus and that they just never woke up. we were completely terrified of what he had just told us. he even said this with a weird smirk on his face. god he's horrible. my husband and I were literally in shock and my12 year old was freaking out in tears. he had us thinking that our child could possibly die!! how could someone say something like that! we are just parents, we didnt go to medical school so why would we think otherwise. we ended up leaving right away to the ER at John C Lincoln, Mendy's Place pediatric ER. they are awesome! the triage nurse was shocked at what Blackburn had told us. she also said how many other cases of wrong diagnosis come from urgent care facilities. we were immediately relieved. i am so pissed at this blackburn jerkoff, I would love to punch Joseph Blackburn PA right in the face! anyway, the RN Liz that we had was able to clean our child's ear and the Pediatrician was able to diagnose our child with an ear infection, not enterovirus.
1	I'm not pleased with this location. My husband took me in about a month ago. I had, what I thought, was just a devastating cold, but he was concerned and dragged me in. The young lady at the desk, was tragically born without a personality. She was curt, short and borderline rude when asking me "why are you here" ...  I had a question about the paperwork, and you'd think I was asking her for her first born child. I've never been thrown so much shade by one person in my life. Sheesh. Urgent Cares are notorious for their wait... I get it, but we waited over an hour before I was seen.  I was checked in by the Ms. No personality. Once the PA came in, he was personable enough. He listened to my lungs, checked my ears, nose etc. You know, Doctor stuff... and he told me it was allergies. Recommended I get some over the counter medication, and tried to send me on my way. I explained, at one point my fever was so high, I was hallucinating... and allergies have never done that before, but he shrugged it off and insisted it was allergies. I asked him for a flu test, because I was SURE this wasn't allergies. He did it. It was negative. So I believe him. I went home, took some Alergra D and went to bed. The next day,  I was far worse, the "head congestion" was now deep in my chest, and I was worse than I was the day before. I ended up in the ER with walking pneumonia. The Doctor was beyond shocked that the PA recommended a decongestant, which forced the infection to STAY in my lungs, rather than be coughed up. Thanks for nearly killing me FastMed, and charging me 175 dollars to boot.
1	I was called by matthew shores who is the head of sports medicine for fastmed and he told me that if I take my negative review down they would consider waiving all my medical fees. I don't really care about the fees, that place just sucks and I thought other people should know. he also told me that he spoke with Blackburn and said that my husband and I are the ones that brought up enterovirus, that is a lie, and the forms that I and my husband filled out can prove that. that just shows the kind of person that guy is and how little his superior's care.I just received my bill and paid it, all $175 of it.
4	Nobody enjoys going to an Urgent Care facility,  but this particular location was by far the most friendly and "enjoyable" experience I've ever had. Despite the 4 page new patient information packet I had to fill out upon arrival, I feel the staff from front to back was very warm, friendly, and efficient. They explained everything in a simple way. The provider clearly explained why she chose the course of therapy for me. My treatment plan wasn't what I had hoped for, but she was very knowledgeable and demonstrated that knowledge repeatedly in our chat. So I, being a medical professional myself, will follow her instructions as ordered. I highly recommend this particular location if you unfortunately have to visit an urgent care. I should note that I arrived at 8:20am and was 2nd in line, as they open at 8am. I walked out the door at 9:01am. That is pretty awesome!!
1	I don't think it's hard to make people happy that just don't want to be lied to and want treated with care when they need it. I never tried to work anything out, I just left a negative review.
1	1 1/2 hours waiting for a drug test for nursing school. Won't be coming back for any of my medical needs for sure
1	Let me start out the review by saying that the doctor was wonderful! She was kind and caring! However the clerical department needs some help! They mixed up my first name and my last name. They got my phone number wrong .....and not by just one digit it was completely wrong. They also got my birthday wrong. I called and told them about my phone number and I assumed she changed it. When I called today because I noticed that my birthday was also wrong, I decided to check to make sure the phone number had been changed and all she did was list my real number as a secondary number instead of getting rid of the imaginary number. When you are dealing with people's medical insurance it is vitally important that you get all of their information correct. A first grader could've done a better job at recording the correct information. And to top it off when I called today to confirm the right birthday and make sure she changed the number she laughed at me. I personally don't find incompetence funny at all.
