5	Quick. Easy. Not overpriced. The people were friendly. The phone quote was a little lower than actual out the door price but not by much.EDIT:  I've been here again and it's fantastic.  They were super helpful, friendly and go above and beyond.
5	Awesome!  Extremely efficient service.  Walked next door to get breakfast at a fast food joint and was astounded that before I could finish my meal, my car had 4 new tires and was waiting for me - not me waiting for the car!  Plus great view of the Las Vegas Valley.  Great products fast, friendly, and professional service!
4	Awesome service, I was in and out in 20 minutes to replace two tires!! I turned into the parking lot, parked, unplugged my phone from my car charger, and I got out of the car and a gentlemen from inside was already outside and by my car to check out the tires. All I thought was "That was quick." The staff are very friendly and helpful and the place was clean. They offered me water and/or coffee while I waited for my car, which wasn't long at all. I usually end up waiting around an hour anywhere else. I'll be coming back to this place for tires again for sure. The prices were what I expected, for everything it costed me about $230 for two tires at $88 each, labor, tax, etc.
5	I drove from California where I had my tires rotated before I left, to Las Vegas.  Because of the temperature change and altitude my tpms light came on. I stopped by  here to get it checked. I was walking up to the front door when a man comes out, asks me what he can help with and then directs me to pull into a bay.  I didn't even go inside! He proceeds to check the air when another man comes out to my car and gives me a bottle of water! They didn't even give me a bottle of water at the Discount Tire in Colorado where I bought them.  Needless to say fast, polite service and I was on my way.
5	I came into this store with nail in my right front tire; they repaired my tire for free. My left rear tire was old. Out of kindness, and concern for my safety, they gave me a used tire, for free! Thank you discount tire for your kindness.I hope this review brings you lots of business. Mark Gardner
