5	Nothing beats Rapido on a slow week-end morning/early afternoon. Their specials are probably the best deal in that area: an enormous quantity of food for $10 or, including a soup, desert and virtually unlimited coffee.You could opt for more classical brunch dishes, but the specials are just fine. I always go with #2, the lady always takes the #1, and we're both happy campers afterwards.The service is fast, they give you a table for 4-6 even when there's two of you, they stock a giant pile of Journal de Montreal so that you can feel trashy for a bit while reading it. The waitresses are (all?) Russian so if you understand it, you can get some of their gossip :)All in all, Rapido is an institution that is worth visiting at least once!Cash only!
1	Really awful.  Bad food, bad service, dirty tables, dirty restrooms.  Plus, they don't take credit cards.
3	This is your typical neighborhood greasy spoon. They do nothing incredibly well, but they do nothing bad. The food is consistently decent. Poutine, pizza, burgers, subs, etc... It's also open 24hrs. Now I've eaten there at 3am btw... and for some strange reason... The food is even better;)
4	I have been going to this diner year after year for 10 years off and on. Either late night or for a quick poutine. It has changed and so has the food but the menu is still a tried and trusted menu. I have always had the cheeseburger and it has always been hot, tasty and fresh. The bun has changed and so has the meat but both were great diner style burgers, the last one had a Portuguese bun and seriously hit the spot. The service is top notch considering the busy location and on a cold day it's a warm friendly spot.
3	This is your typical neighborhood greasy spoon. They do nothing incredibly well, but they do nothing bad. The food is consistently decent. Poutine, pizza, burgers, subs, etc...It's also open 24hrs. Now I've eaten there at 3am btw... and for some strange reason... The food is even better;)
3	First poutine I've had in a long time. It was quick and I enjoyed it. If you want poutine and its 5:00AM this is the place for you. Late night, and delicious.
3	Busy and greasy! That about sums up my experience at Restaurant Rapido. It's a Montreal tradition to stuff yourself with grease after a crazy night out. I visited Restaurant Rapido to uphold this tradition. It was around 3am in the morning, and my friends and I waited around 15 minutes to get seats (as expected).They had a wide selection of food there, from poutine (another tradition!) to pizza to burgers. The quality of the food was average, even though they do satisfy the greasy criteria. On the plus side, they have found a way to get the food out very fast, which is important when it comes to late night party hunger. The service was decent considering how busy they were. It's really bright and pretty colourful inside, which made the alcohol + grease buzz that much more pronounced.
2	Rapido is the kind of place you only go to late at night after an evening of heavy drinking on Saint-Denis.The inside looks like a diner, as expected, which may have received a face lift not too long ago.  Diners call for booths, but the ones at Rapido are pretty uncomfortable.The menu is a mishmash of cuisines and items from burgers and roast chicken, passing through souvlaki to pasta and pizza; not to forget the odd seafood dishes.  We are always wary of such a diverse offering, but the bottom line is, it'll attempt to satisfy whatever craving you may have.Rapido has been around for a while, so obviously it's doing something right.  It'll always draw a crowd of hungry drunkards and night owls that are just looking to fill their bellies.  From our perspective, the food was below average, even in cheap junk standards.  We don't see why we would come back willingly.
