3	I used to live right next to the regent st. location.  It was a good place to get some good pizza.  They always had some coupon or deal in the onion so I'd go here once or twice a month.
5	I live right by this Rocky's and I go probably once or twice a week. The food is good and at a very reasonable price. As others have said, it's always really easy to find some sort of coupon, and the staff is very friendly. Overall, it's a great place to grab a bite to eat.
5	It was my first time experiencing pizza in Rocky Rococo's and the food was delicious. I liked the service because the employees are friendly. The extra cheesy super sausage is delicious and the price was affordable. I tried the Original Chicago and Meatworks and I loved the extra cheesy the most! Thanks Rocky Rococo for such a hearty pizza meal!
1	Just saw some ridiculous driving from one of the delivery cars. It was a SILVER FORD TAURUS with Rocky Rococo top driving during rush hour(5pm September 21st 2012) on University ave(campus area), cutting all the vehicles off, driving on the bike lane and changing lanes like crazy(from right to left). I thought he was drunk, maybe he was- who knows...
5	I was here twice on a National Tour with a musical, and I can say, hands down, that Rocky's is the best pizza I had while crossing through 43 states!  Amazing taste at an amazing price!
1	This is not pizza. This is bread with sauce on top. Just go to the supermarket, get some bread and tomato sauce and slather it on - done. Gross, don't do it. Get Ian's instead.
1	Great pizza, horrible service.  Our group had 3 families.  2 of our families got food within a short time, the third family waited over 45 minutes for their food.  No explanation or apology from management, just excuse after excuse.
1	Let me be the first to say that this place has unappetizing food. The pizza slices I've had from here (tried on 3 separate occasions before I decided to write this review) were terrible. The crust was soft soggy because of the grease, the pepperoni and sausage slices were unsavory, and the breadsticks I had were under seasoned.Overall, it's cheap and fast and that's a big draw for most people, but why would I eat here when I would rather go to the McDonald's on Mills and Regent or any other place that doesn't have grease as a main ingredient for their pizza slices. I'll pass.
2	Been going here since I was a kid.  Pizza has always sucked.  Cheap and greasy with an abundance of uncooked dough to make up for the meager toppings.  Best thing going for it is the cup of sauce to dip your nearly sauce-less slice in.  Still I go every few months when I get a hankering, and then I am disappointed and sick afterwards.
4	You can count on a doughy, terrible, undercooked, greasy pizza unless you get the whole wheat crust. They make pizza on a  chain conveyor belt like Burger King does. You can't get  a good crust without an oven. They could care less as employee s can't burn pizza and this saves money and time. But if you get the whole wheat crust it turns out great! They have a good sauce and awesome sausages. Order a wholewheat Uncle Sal's and you will thank me. Plus you can feed 6 big people easily!
