4	It's actually "Winkles Field at Packard Stadium at Brock Ballpark".  I guess it's hard to choose between big-money donors and important historical figures. If I give them some money, will they name the batter's box after me?I really like coming to ballgames here.  It's a very pretty park, simple amenities, and ASU is solid on the baseball fundamentals, something you don't get in a lot of big league games.  (What's it worth to you to be able to see the rightfielder back up first base on a throw from the left side of the diamond? Priceless...) And best of all, there's plenty of elbow room, something that Cubs fans can't claim as they cram into Ho Ho Kam park a few miles away every spring. Fewer than 4000 seats.The seats are old-school, which translates to "really uncomfortable", which means you better bring a good cushion if you want to actually stay nine innings.My favorite detail: the sign in front telling patrons that "No Pitchforks" are allowed in the park.
4	As a huge baseball fan I've been to numerous college baseball parks around the country, including Alex Box, Mark Light and Rosenblatt. While Packard isn't the most beautiful, it's as, or more, convenient than most. For years people have been bringing their kids to minor league baseball games  for the value and the experience of seeing possible future major leaguers.College baseball games are better for that though.You're guaranteed to see future big leaguers at ASU games and unlike minor league games, some of these are nationally televised. All for a reasonable price.Parking is very accessible here, even if you have to park in the lot on the other side of Rio Salado. Some college parks don't have their own lots and it's strictly street parking. No matter how late I get to an ASU game I don't have to park too far away.Tailgating is also pretty convenient at Packard. Street parking usually is not conducive to tailgating so it's not a usual occurrence at all college parks. Like most college baseball games, a GA ticket could get you a pretty good view. I stood right near the ASU dugout for a Super Regional on a GA ticket. You are also able to get up close and personal with the road bull pens. You could pretty much have a conversation with the opposing team's reliever while watching him throw through a fence. If I had kids, ASU baseball would Trump minor league games and probably even Spring Training games as well. It's convenience at a good value.
3	Bring your own cushion cause the seats are about as comfortable as sitting on a cactus.  The park itself is very clean for a baseball stadium, and it's quite roomy between seats and sections.Ample parking, good pricing, and a good tailgate scene make this a fun place to spend an afternoon watching ASU baseball.
4	Stopped in to check out an ASU baseball practice at night open to public.  About 50 players took part (some probably were walk-ons without scholarships).  Outfield walls adorned with 16 retired numbers (Barry Bonds, Reggie Jackson, etc)., so lots of tradition.  Seats are steel bleachers but nice views.  Indoor batting cage on 3rd base line, press box, locker rooms and hospitality rooms all are named for largesse baseball donors.  Fortunately was able to park across the street in student/staff lot because it was after 7.
4	GO SUN DEVILS!!!Okay, I kind of love coming here. First off, I love baseball. And there's nothing better than watching people play who love to play. Who have the hunger to make it far in their careers Who want, more than anything, to have their dreams come true. That's the feeling at Packard. These are kids who bust their butts every game to win, fans who ride the highs and lows right along with the players. It's just fabulous.The only downside -- the seats. It's all bleachers or hard seats. So uncomfortable, but if you bring a padded seat, you're all set. Another selling point : it's CHEAP. Like $10 or LESS for a ticket with an awesome view. A great way to spend the day, tailgating in the parking lot with good friends and cheering on an awesome team.
4	Watched ASU play New Mexico in the 1st round of the playoffs this year.  What a great game and stadium!  The ASU fans were loud and proud and cheered their team to victory in the bottom of the 9th.....good times!The game was at night and the weather was awesome.  The sun was setting around the 4th inning and it could not get any better than this!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QgqCCYY5rjW03jcyrd-a6g?select=nNIDHEDlQAbMDvCXRtEvQQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QgqCCYY5rjW03jcyrd-a6g?select=JyXHemrJijoAtFbBOfObiAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QgqCCYY5rjW03jcyrd-a6g?select=Al1kfDtZr1BAxLznKwD69Ahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QgqCCYY5rjW03jcyrd-a6g?select=H2Uwad0nAvCzse6ZG1WBYgTried some of the food at the stadium.....Hot Dog and a Bratwurst.  It was expensive of course, but the food was decent as far as stadium food goes.Overall, it was a ton of fun.  Would like to see another game one day.Return Factor - 90%
4	This review is about both the ballpark and the experience of watching ASU play baseball there.First the ballpark.  Three stars, baby.  The seats are not very comfortable -- bring a cushion or even a beach towel to sit on.  And forget about shade -- day games in May can be unpleasant.  The food has been consistently mediocre but has improved a bit this year.  The elevated concession area past third base has decent hot dogs, garlic fries, and occasional specials.  Ask for fried onions and peppers on your hot dog.  And if you buy garlic fries, don't sit near me.As for ASU baseball, five stars -- well most years.  ASU has a consistently talented and interesting baseball team, usually rated in the top 25 and almost always going to the playoffs.  This year, however, no play offs.  Former coach Murphy got caught by the NCAA for recruiting violations.  It takes a lot away from the experience when you have so much less to root for.  But next year everything should be back to normal.If the weather is nice -- and it usually is for night games after about March 15, and for day games before May -- ASU baseball at Packard Stadium is a truly enjoyable few hours.Hints:  1.  You can bring your own bottled water (sealed bottles only) and you can bring food, but no other beverages.2.  Get your tickets ahead - the will call line is long and slow most times, and many popular games sell out.3.  Most reserved seats are behind a net.  It you don't like nets, try the end sections -- they are still no further out than first and third base.4.  If you want general admission seats, you will be sitting on a grassy birm.  Bring a folding chair or towel.  And get there early.5.  Season tickets are a very good deal if you want to go to 15 or more games.
