1	I took my cat Clyde there to get a bath and brush and I don't think they actually washed him. He smelled really strongly of cologne but had clumps of hair coming off everywhere, dandruff, and still had eye boogers. I brushed him for 20 minutes when I got home and the brush was filled with hair. I called and asked if they actually washed him and the guy Levi said that he personally saw Clyde get a bath but when I asked what color Clyde was he did NOT know. He then refused to give my money back because they had performed a "service" I could have dry shampooed my own cat and sprayed him with an extreme amount of cologne for free.
3	Best Prices in town!Staff was friendly and well educated about dogs. My only issue is I wish they would sweep and wipe down the back where they cut hair and as well as the reception area.
5	Chance Loved the girls! :)  Everyone was very friendly and did a fantastic job on my little man! Thank you and we will be back!  (Price so much better than P etSmart also.)
1	Run and never come back! Looks like staff was having a bad day today: terribly rude service! First time they charge me $15 dlls for a tea cup Yorky and now they wanted $25. Staff didn't believe this and went off on me instead of listening and looking at the previous records (log binder). I was ready with proof of receipt. She totally ignored me and turn her back on me. I just walked out and will definitely not recommend this place. Their prices might be cheap and that goes for their customer service and customer retention too!
5	Great customer service. All the employees are genuine. Cost me $38+tip for a cockapoo. Good prices. Small shop, more quality. Her haircut was precise, smellin clean, my doggy walked out fresh :) will come back routinely , clean and cute facility-you can see them work on your dog!
4	I've been taking my dog there for the last two years. She's always come out looking amazing. Staff have always been pleasant and professional. $30 for grooming (hair, nails and shampoo) and worth every penny. I trust them to keep bringing my dog back.
