4	I would like to consider myself a cigar lounge expert. I have spent thousands of hours over the last 20 years in countless cigar lounges. So how does this one stack up?It is a little hard to find. Weird location in the Kohl's shopping center. The gentleman at the counter (Brian) who I presumed was the owner, was very friendly. The humidor was sparse and can definitely use more stock. Prices are average to slightly high. The lounge in the back is very nice and has some very comfortable seating. They offer free wifi and the whole place was clean. The few guys I met were nice and welcoming. The bar for cigar lounges in Vegas is set so very low. This place is slightly above average and being that it is still new, I hope will improve with age.
5	Craft beers, leather lazy boys, above average to excellent humidor & the proprietor was cloaked in a cloud of smoke... hard to go wrong at Ocean Hill. Neighborhood strip malls need this kind of flavor, hope to become a regular. Cigars & liquor cost money so don't be discouraged by reviews about high prices, thanks again Brian.
4	Located on Valle Verde and 215 in Henderson. Its located in the same shopping center as Kohls. Parking is not great when in the afternoon but much better if you go at night.This cigar shop is also a place to sit back in some comfy big ole leather chairs, watch some gig screen tv, kick back andenjoy that cigar that most girls HATE! Unless they really love ya or will indulge you and smoke one with you.They sell wide variety of cigar brands and the staff is very friendly and helpful in assisting you to choose the right smoke for you. Their walk in humidor is big and well stocked. Prices are standard local cigar store price. Not high strip hotel prices.They have beers, wines and soft drinks available too. If you're hungry they dont mind if you bring food in. Plus they even have a few poker tables you can use. Just call to reserve them.Ask for Brian and they make alot of accomodations. Great little small business going the extra mile for your enjoyment. If you're looking for high end factory type cigar lounge this isnt it, but if you wanna get away and hang out with regular people. This is 5 stars of that.That's the way I like it!!  ENJOY
4	Visiting Las Vegas for the holiday's was a great excuse to go out an have a cigar with a couple of buddies.  There was discussion of just grabbing cigars and enjoying them at someone's house, but cold weather prompted a search for a cigar lounge.  My parents live in the Green Valley area, and I had been aware of Ocean Hill Cigar for a while although I didn't know the actual name.  As far as I can recall, the signs visible from Valle Verde simply say "Cigar" or something else inconspicuous and vague.  We chose to go based on a few previous Yelp reviews, and its close location.I'll start with the downsides:  The humidor was relatively small and offered slightly less selection than I would have hoped for - including missing a few cigars that I am used to seeing.  Also, they do not have liquor and the beer is bottled and not on draft.With that said...Despite a small selection of beer, the owners have done a good job ensuring that there is a good quality of beer available.  Beer and cigars are both reasonably priced.  After selecting, cutting, and lighting our cigars we went to the lounge area.  We were handed the remote to the giant TV(s) and got some basketball on.  The huge black leather recliners were setup stadium seating style, and I quickly put my feet up.  At the time we were the only guys there and it was a great way to wind down and relax.  Brian brought us our beers and we were having a great time.  Slowly the place started to fill up - a couple was working on laptops at the poker table in the back, and a group of people showed up and sat in the row behind us.  Long story short, we had a great night.  The place is small(ish) but had a great vibe to it.  If you leave in the Green Valley/Henderson area this is definitely a place you want to check out.  I plan to be back the next time I'm in town.
5	Dogfish Head and Cigars???? What could better????
5	They have a great selection and prices seem to be average for Vegas. Always friendly and willing to help. Over all it's a great place friendly atmosphere and a good selection of beer and wine.
5	Cold beer and great cigar selection.  Brain was extremely helpful.  Definitely coming back.
