5	This isn't just your average liquor store. The drive-thru is convenient and I've never had to wait a long time. Mickey knows his products and always makes good suggestions, if needed.In order to truly appreciate Cellars, you MUST go inside. They have an amazing selection. More mini bottles than anywhere else, a wide range of all liquors, and for the beer drinker- this is the secret place you've been searching for. Their IPA selection is extensive! DogFish 120min! This was the only store I could find that carried it.Best of all, their prices are great. Go! Take a few minutes and drive out of your way, if needed. It's definitely worth it.
4	Great local liquor store with an AMAZING beer selection. Their growler station, drive through and the fantastic staff makes this place a very unique store!
5	Love this place! Hard to believe how much goodliness is in this little store!   My new go to!
5	BEST GROWLER PRICES IN PHOENIX! Hands down the best place I've ever been to for growlers. They have a large chalk wall with the beers and prices. I found this place on taphunter and went down and filled 3 growlers for a fraction of the price of whole foods or total wine. The staff was super friendly and allowed me to sample one that I was on the fence about.   After he filled my growler with cafe racer 15. He blew the keg into a half tulip which he handed me free of charge. Always a great selection of IPAs the following beers were cheaper per ounce for a growler fill than you can get in can, bottle, or bomber.Firestone double jackFirestone Wookey jackBallast point sculpinOscar blues G'knightDeschutes hop hengeBear republic racer 5 and cafe racer 15I found my new favorite place.
5	The customer service I have received from Cellars has been second to know. A few months back I got into contact with Mickey from Cellars on Facebook via the Arizona Craft Beer Lovers group. Originally I was talking to him about some rare beers he had in and if he would be willing to hold them for me for an hour or so while I drove over from Tempe and sure enough he was. That was awesome service enough that when i started looking for a limited release bottle of bourbon (Woodford Reserve Masters Collection) I contacted Mickey again. He told me that it hadn't been released yet and he would keep in contact. Sure enough every so often he would update me on the ETA for the bottles. When the time came that he got the bottles he not only let me know he gave me a great deal on the price and held a bottle for myself and a friend for a few hours.Yet Mickey didn't just stop there when I was in the store picking them up he and talked and he recognized that I really appreciated good bourbon so he offered to sell me an even more rare bottle that is near impossible to get (those of you who know what time of the year it is can guess what that may be). This was a bottle he didn't even have on the shelves and I would have never known he had but he offered it to me knowing it would be going to a good home. I walked out of the store feeling like I hit the jackpot of some excellent drinking nights to come.On top of the great service Cellars also has an incredible selection of beers both in the bottles/cans but for growler fills as well. My buddy questioned my vision when I read how much some of the fills cost. They have beers on tap that could sell for double what they ask. Not to mention the fact that they have a huge selection for growler fills so you are pretty much guaranteed to find something that floats your boat.Cellars may be on the other side of town from me but Mickey has made it worth the drive with excellent service and a wonderful selection. If you are looking for something special or just need to stock up check Cellars out.
5	My step-mom's brother is a huge craft beer fanatic and he suggested stopping by here to grab a growler. I am sure glad I took his advice!Mickey was really helpful in helping me pick out the "right" beer, and after a couple samples, I was definitely satisfied with my choice.The prices here are insane (in a good way) - you can get a full growler of really good beer for about $10 or less. And the selection is on point - I think there were over 20 taps of all types of micro-brews. When I was trying to choose, I asked Mickey, "Have you tried all of these beers?" His response: "Well, I'm the one who chooses which beers are on tap, so I only get good ones." He definitely knows what's good. They also have a great selection of lots of other liquor in the store (wine, hard liquor, regular beers, etc.).
