5	I've been to this Dick's location a bunch of times and I've got to say that I've gotten more help from the employees in this one that I've ever gotten from any other location.I've spent some major time with the guys in the gun dept and they're always more that helpful regardless of how busy and how many people they have waiting for them.  Major props to those guys for good knowledge and patience.Another time I was there I wanted some new shorts for softball and they didn't have and L's left but jokingly I checked the Under Armour manikin as he was wearing the same shorts, and what do ya know... L.  It was near closing time and the associates were getting their stuff done so they could go home (I've worked retail and I know at closing time you just want everybody to bail so you can clean and go home).  I asked a girl around the corner I was able to rob the manikin of his clothes and she laughed and had no problem taking him apart and yankin the shorts right off!  I was so happy as I had a game the next day and didn't want to be running around looking for these shorts.Think I'm joking? lol - http://www.flickr.com/photos/ryno/4113416766/Anyways - good store, always clean and everybody seems very nice and knowledgable in their area.  Never had an issue there.
4	Always get what I need here as far as exercise equipment.  Bought boxing gloves here this time.  Kinda pricey on other things like clothes, but I stick to different places for that.  Staff is always very helpful though.
4	Overall Dick's is slightly higher priced than other sporting goods places, but there are still decent deals to be had. This location does have helpful employees, as has been mentioned already.
3	In April I went to Dicks to buy some Golf Clubs, they were busy as usual in the golf dept but I understood and waited around to get some golf shoes. I search and search for shoes but could not find my size and was never offered any service, the two clerks had finished with their customers and were doing pricing on various displays and they never looked at me to see if I was finding everything ok. I had to approach them for help and they seemed upset that I took them away from their duties at the time. I usually get good service from Dicks but not that day, I needed up spending over $500 on shoes and clubs that had to be custom fitted. What is most frustrating is I also went on their website to rate the service as they asked me to and I mentioned the customer service wasn't very attentive to me and was never contacted by a District Manager or Rep, seems like they didn't care
3	This visit was a search for New Balance shoes.  It was not successful.  They had very few to choose from, and fewer yet in our daughter's size.Past visits for other items have had mixed success.  Often they have the item, sometimes they don't.  The variety is respectable, though.  They also have a shopper's club.
1	I've shopped at this location maybe 8-10 times. We've always had mediocre to good service, but  the last two times have been unsatisfactory. A few days ago all my sale items would not ring up at the sale price at the register. The cashier said they would ring up automatically, but they obviously didn't. She was less than courteous and sat there rolling her eyes and seemed to blame me for their problem. It's not my fault their stuff doesn't work! Upon trying to correct the prices (after her associate walked all over the store to verify I was correct) she rang up an item twice and I had to correct her again. When I left there was no 'sorry for the trouble', no 'have a nice day' or even a nod. Just a blank stare and not a word. I was not impressed.Today I went to return two of the five items and I was told that I couldn't receive a full refund of WHAT I PAID for the items because I used a frequent shopper $10 reward certificate. They shorted me about $4.  Four bucks isn't a big deal in my life, but that's some crappy service if you ask me. I could understand if my purchase was less than $10, but it was for $132.My wife just told me that last month she used another $10 reward certificate to buy my daughter a pair of shoes.  She ended up having to exchange the new unworn shoes for the identical shoe in a different size.  She was asked to pay $5 to make the exchange! WHAT?!? This is how they treat their loyal customers?I guess our family won't have to worry about the frequent shopper reward certificates any more, because Dick's has turned out to be aptly named as far as I'm concerned. I'm done with them.
1	Went to shoe dept. to get 2 pairs of shoes. picked out 2 pairs and had employee go look to see if they were any in my size. guy never returned. I ran into him in another area of store 15 min later and said whats up, u never came back. he said oh ya, we don't have any.  then went to gun dept to look at a shotgun. same type of service. BAD. then on the way home stopped by Sports Authority in Queen Creek. Great service there.
1	This store gave me the worst nightmare! I went into the store to get a elliptical and when I came home and opened it its a freaking treadmill. Call the store and has been transferring six times and asked me the same question over and over again. Not helpful at all. So mad at this store right now! People are not responsible there at all.
1	I have shopped this location many times and every time in the golf section the outcome is the same. You can never get any help from the people working in the golf dept. They stand behind the desk with no customers in front of them. The one time I did ask the clerk at the desk to re-grip my putter he asked me to come back a couple of hours later. Which is ridiculous. To re-grip 1 putter would take less than 5 minutes. Their golf staff is horrible.
2	I have to say the store is impressive on the outside, the service on the inside, not impressive. I have driven by Dicks many times, however I'm pretty loyal to Sports Authority, they are always eager to help you get what you need.I needed to get some 3 pound dumb bells for my daughter, and Sports Authority was sold out. I called Dicks in the afternoon asking for the 3lb dumbbells, I was told that they had plenty, almost a full rack. I had some dinner then off to Dick's. I went to the dumbbell rack, I saw just what I needed, then looking closer I could see that the Neoprene was cracking and peeling on all of the 3lb weights, The fact that many of the weights were in such bad condition was really surprising to see. I tried to find someone to help me, not much luck. I finally found the manager and asked for his help, I showed him the condition of the weights and he told me that they were not that bad. If I am going to buy something that is sold as new, I want it to be in new condition. That seems fair.
2	I'd give one star, but I love sports an just can't! For a sports superstore I expect a lot more. Definitely over priced, which I don't mind paying for Top-of-the-line items. But there selection and quality I mediocre, your better off going somewhere else. The mall has better clothing items for sports players. One advantage is if your looking for a unique item, or any "underarmour" clothing they probably have it. Sorry Dick I really was really hoping for a home run on this one!
3	Dicks is massive. Really, its big. If anyone says theirs is bigger, they might be a liar.  you will have to go check it out - and really get in theire and get dirty to see if it really is bigger. I've actually seen bigger, but not around here. This dicks is the biggest I've witnessed in the valley. Look at how tall it is. It is not well known about. You'd think that with a Dick's this big that people would be lining up to look or take something home, but it wasn't as such when I went. Even the workers didn't seem to know how big of a Dick's they were working with. You'd think they'd know since they work there but for the most part they really wern't really around to talk about the Dick products they had. Maybe they are just introverted and shy about how big of a Dicks they work at. I wouldn't be - I'd be really proud. Maybe if the Dick handlers/workers were a little more helpful or more information was posted about Dick products then I'd give this place four stars.
3	Dick's is absolutely huge... it's like a Costco for sporting goods! they are open late, so I am always able to find the last minute items my kids spring on me the night before a game. Whenever I've needed anything athletic, I have always had lots of help from a friendly staff. But... when in comes to the outdoor stuff for camping, hunting etc. I can't get any help at all. I noticed that they carried archery supplies and I have been there three times now looking for various archery supplies and I've never been able to see a single soul in that department! last time I was there, they only had two bows hanging on the wall. It's kind of a shame since they have a test range and everything.For athletics, I would easily give them a 5-star rating... but for outdoor supplies, I would give them a no-star ratting. So, to be fair, I am averaging the two ratings for a solid 3-stars.
1	I recently purchased a bike and also purchased extended warranty through Dick's. My bike has been in the shop waiting for a part for 3 weeks already! It seems this is the same thing every time I want to use my warranty! I recommend you take your bike to another shop.
1	More waiting, now they say the bike tech has not come to work and they don't know the status of repairs.
1	I've finally got my bike yesterday. They made up the time lost with a new tire and free tune-up.
3	I'm in this store quite frequently. My daughter has piano lessons down the road, and what better way to kill an hour than at an outdoors store?! The selection is vast and plentiful, but the price tags suck. I did purchase a Ruger 10/22 at this location back in July 2014 for the standard $275-ish after tax, but just about everything else is a bit pricey compared to some of the other guys. The customer service is awesome though. Much different than that store that rhymes with Pass Bro. ;-)
