4	This is a new place that just opened not to long ago right around the corner from me. I took my Mom there for lunch a couple days ago, at first we were the only people in the place.  But not too long after we arrived other people started coming in as well.It's a clean little place.  I feel like the whole "green" theme is a bit hokey... but I like the organic ingredients.  Those with gluten allergies will appreciate the gluten-free menu options.We went back today for a to-go order, and will likely do so many more times in the future.  If you're tired of the same old greasy pizza, definitely give this place a try.
1	I revoked my wife's dinner picking privledges after she chose this place. This place is clean and means well with the 'organic' and 'green' stuff but that does not make up for the complete lack of quality and flavor in this food. First, they use Boylan soda products that are beyond disgusting. There is a reason that most places use Coke and Pepsi products. My diet cola tasted like the smell of bandaids.  Second, We got the breadsticks with marinara for an appetizer and they were small, hard and flavorless bread brushed slightly with oil.  Thrid, They didn't write our order down and the stuff on our pizza was wrong. The pizza was decent size and the pepperoni was thickly sliced which was nice. But the sauce was bland and tasted like the sauce from Spaghetti-o's. The crust was burnt, so much so that my wife and I were having little sword fights with our crust pieces.  The staff was super nice and everything but they have some serious issues that will keep us from coming back. This place is was overpriced, but i guess someone has to pay for the Prius and Smart Car delivery cars.
4	My boyfriend and I came here the other day, and it wasn't at all crowded.  That being said, I was a little disappointed with how long they took with our order, but when it arrived it was very tasty, and our waitress was great.  The Boylan sodas are exceptional.One of our new favorites.
5	Great service and great food!  My friend saw an ad for this place in a local newspaper and we decided to check it out tonight.  My friend and I ordered the "Flat bread and Dip Trio" and "Bruschetta Pizza."  Both were excellent choices!  The service was great, very friendly people!  Not sure how the other people who wrote reviews left unsatisfied but we LOVED it!
4	Today, I wrapped up a weekend of Italian food adventure with a trip to Pizza Fusion in Mesa to check out their organic pies and general vibe.  It's very hard to find restaurants that serve organic chow in Phoenix, and I'm a stone-cold pizza fanatic, so I was uber stoked to experience this joint.  Pizza Fusion is a small multi-state chain that started in 2006, but I never heard of it until local cool person K. Van Slyke (@KrysVS) mentioned it today.  They sling organic flatbreads, pizzas, salads, and beer.  We hit the joint at 3pm for Happy Hour, when drinks and certain appetizers are half-price.   First off, I'll express appreciation for Pizza Fusion's choice of brand in  my preferred libation, soda water : they offer Boylan's, which even for a greaseball like me is a welcome change from the ubiquitous San Pellegrino.  Boylan's comes in 12-ounce bottles with nice 50s-style graphics that please the lamp.  My co-diners K.J. Van Slyke, W. Nash, and T. Trainor filled their 'Lil Jon' chalices with Lost Coast Great White and New Belgium Blue Paddle.  The draft beers were $2 per pint -- unbeatable pricing, especially on a Sunday.  There was a significant selection of organic beers on tap, including an $11 pint whose label insisted that the beer was free of crustaceans! Notes on atmosphere : the whole place is slathered in strangely-attractive green paint, with digital prints everywhere that are emblazoned with green slogans.  The prints are a little hokey, but nothing really bothered me until I got to the bathroom, the mirror inside which has the words "This person is changing the world" written on the bottom  BAAARF .   Some points were won back, though, after I tried the hand dryer, which appears to be a reclaimed jet engine from a downed MIG or something -- it's one powerful blower!  My hands were drier than a boozehound in Bridgewater, Connecticut after about ten seconds.    One thing that was really great was the countertop of the bar, which was made of concrete mixed with recycled glass and high-polished; a cool touch.  The manger told us that everything -- building materials, paint, chairs, etc, are totally green'd out, made from reclaimed stuff when possible, and LEED-certified.  It's a nice gesture for sure.  Van Slyke ordered up and graciously shared the flatbread appetizer with marinara, which was pretty good.  The flatbread had good texture and wasn't too heavily-seasoned (the latter being a common pitfall of wack flatbread); the marinara was tangy and not bitter or overly-sweet.There was no pizza Margherita on the menu (what the hoot!?), so we strong-armed our host into making us one, with a multigrain crust.  In reality, the guy was more than happy to make us the requested pie -- super nice fellow with fresh ink on his arm that offered us excellent service and didn't complain as we proceeded to nerdily occupy his bar for the next three hours.  A chicken -topped salad was ordered as well.  The chow was served with good speed.  The manager informed us that 75% of the ingredients are certified organic with the balance 25% being non-certified but 'all-natural,' pesticide-free.  [This last point is worth mentioning -- I've been speaking about the iffiness of the "organic" certification for a while, as it still allows a fair number of chemicals both natural and synthetic, and foods only need to be 95% organic to meet certificate standards.  Places that eschew bad chemicals completely but don't jump through the government hoops to get certified, like Desert Roots Farm for example, are more desirable to deal with than mass-produced "certified organic" producers (many of which have lately been rocked with scandal).]The pizza verdict :The oblong pie was good, though the most crucial aspect, the crust, didn't have a lot to do with my concept of what pizza crust is about.  It was very dense and totally flat.  The denseness is probably partially attributable to the heavy multigrain dough; as an amateur pizzaiolo myself, I can attest that whole-grain doughs don't rise as much as white doughs do.   Still, there were no air pockets or structure at all -- weird. So I asked the nice manager guy if they rolled the dough out; it happens that they feed it through some kind of flattening robot before loading it into the fancy rotary oven.  I'd have much preferred a nicely structured hand-shaped crust.  Overalll, tasty and worthwhile --- worth the trip.
