4	I am glad to see that someone beat me to the punch!  This is a great grocery store!  I have been to a few of the others, but having one so close to my home is awesome!  F & E is like the bastard child of Trader Joe's and Sprouts...with a question as to whether or not the milkman that is Circle K got involved...I loved this place!  Tiramisu that was fabulous, asparagus in bag that was genius, really good ahi tuna.....The list goes on and on!I was amazed that they could pack that much good stuff, decently priced, into such a small space!  The produce, meat, and dry good selection was actually better than I expected.............I loved this F & E and I am glad to know that it is in my "neighbourhood" ( note the British spelling, it'll come up later ) and can't wait to go back.F & E has found a niche market and should do well with it...Kudos!However, there is one complaint from this Anglophile of this fine British establishment....No HP sauce!  Argh! That is why you get 4 stars!
5	This store really is so fresh and so easy! I love the wide aisles, low prices, organic selection and over all adorableness of this store!
4	This place is both fresh and easy, as promised, but I can't quite give it 5 stars.F&E is clean, no-frills and easy to navigate.  I like that they have minimal variety, the point is to get in and out fast, so I don't need a million choices.  There are a few products here I really love too (their Spanish rice, chocolate pudding, Orchard Fruit cereal and pretzel sticks).What I don't like is when they are completely out of something!  I know, this happens at "regular" grocery stores too... but if the point of your store is to offer minimal (but quality) selection you *need* to keep the shelves full!  Maybe it's just growing pains, but I can't call them "wonderful" until they can keep themselves fully stocked.
3	Prices seemed high on the meat and cheese, but I LOVE the pre-made Thai meals.
4	We stopped by this F&E yesterday to pick up something for lunch... at first glance, I thought I was in love... but then I looked deeper and realized that there are a few things they could add to make it better.  You know, kind of like when you are set up on a blind date, you hear great things about this person, you see them and your psyched... and then they start talking and they're either dumber than a doornail or completely boring.  That's kind of how I felt.Like Kelly said, it's clean and easy to navigate.  I love how they have a combination of organic as well as regular name brand items including soda, gum. dog food, cleaning products, etc... Prices weren't bad compared to other grocery stores either.  Much cheaper than Whole Foods and AJ's I believe...My suggestion would be to add a little bit more to the sandwich and salad selection and also to have some kind of ready-to-go tuna and/or chicken salad.  We settled on hummus and each got a field green salad and a package of pita bread.  Which brings me to the next suggestion - add tables outside for those that want to eat there!Other than that, I was impressed... and the service was wonderful.  Several employees helped us navigate through the store and the friendly fellow who checked us out even gave us a coupon to save $5!We took our purchase to a park nearby and had a picnic... it was really fresh and we enjoyed our lunch.  Very cute how they stick a little fork and napkin in as well - nice touch.  We'll be back for sure!
5	This is the only grocery store I can get my boyfriend to go in without beaucoup moaning and groaning.  I could give it five stars for that alone, but there's more.  While not all of their prices are deals, some of their prices are just over-the-top excellent.  Their clearance produce and bakery stuff rocks.  Their pre-packaged meals are pretty tasty, and cheaper than a fast food combo.  Their staff are super friendly and helpful. Plus, they always have samples and the samples are always huge.  I'm all about this, as I rarely grocery shop until I'm starving.  My F&E snack is always just enough to keep me from buying a bunch of things I don't need but that look delish to my empty belly.  It's easy to get out of there fast if you're in a rush--there are rarely even lines for the self check outs.  Finally, it's right on my way home--I'm in, I'm out, fuggetaboudit.Thanks, Tesco!
4	I have not done a real "shop" in here yet, but from what I experienced on my very first visit I liked.  I came for flowers and WOW! They were gorgeous and so affordable.  Can I say gorgeous again?  They were wrapped in fake looking newspaper that was even cuter.  I will return for flowers without a doubt.Then I picked up the soy crisps, I heard good things about these soy crisps (f&e brand)-- they were really good.  I will buy more of them as well.I plan to go on a real "shop" sometime soon and use my $5 off coupon they mailed to my house.  Who knows.... I could add a star, take away a star, or stay the same.  We'll seeeeeeeeeeeee.
4	I like a company that lives up to it's motto.  Everything was fresh and even had dates of when it should be removed from the shelves.  And Easy, why yes Virgina, it was quite easy.  The aisles where laid out and organized, found what I wanted, the quick checkouts and the fresh foods.I even loved the fact that they also catered to the single or couple demographic by offering portions at that level as well.
4	I really like the pre-made dinners they have here, everything else seems great as well.  I've always seen a number of employees working at this place - they're always busy, but it certainly doesn't seem understaffed.  They need a better selection of cold cereal - also more beers.
1	This is a faux healthy market. They have stuff with hydrogenated oils here. Read the labels!!!!!!!!!!!Its not all healthy Buyer beware!!!!I hate theis place. Plus Trader Joes is cheaper anyway
4	I love Fresh and Easy!  After returning from a trip to Iowa, I appreciated them even more!  I enjoy their product mix, people,  product quality and prices!  This is my store of choice!  :)
5	F&E is definitely a staple part of my weekly grocery shopping.  I keep going back for three real reasons:1. The prices are enough to get me to buy a lot of staples there.2. The portions enough to fit my lifestyle (if you are single, a couple, or have a fairly small family, this is a great place to get your groceries).  3. The staff at this location are awesome.  They really care to see their regulars and have a good time at work, whenever possible. (I'd like to think that this spills over to the customer).if you live in the area, it is definitely to drop by this market.
5	Hey to my Chicago people...for those of you who shop at Aldi's well this place is like that but better. This particular one is only 2 miles from my Apt. here in Phoenix and i have to tell you it has fresh fruits and vegetables and even a discount section that changes daily. They have great packaged to go fresh meals and the Organic White Cheddar Snack are a must buy. The "D-lites" Turkey Sausage and Cheese Croissants are also a must buy, i have them for breakfast every morning at my job. You get 4 huge sandwiches for under 5 bucks, and the best part is that the entire store is self checkout...so hardly ever any lines, and in case you need assistance someone is always there to assist you.
4	I love fresh and easy.  The staff is friendly and I'm always caught off guard when they bag my groceries.  My only gripe is that I was told by staff that they do not accept manufacturers coupons.  In this economy every nickel counts so I can't give them five stars.  Love their hummus-yum.
5	I'll keep this short-and-sweet.  Saturday night at 9pm.  I'm dead-tired but need a few groceries, and have my 10-year old in tow.  We go in and immediately are greeted by a friendly employee.  She asked if we are looking for something specific, chatted it up with my daughter, eliciting a smile from a child who earlier in the day attended the funeral of a friend.  She walks with us into the produce area, where we grab a few items and discuss some of the odd/unfamiliar items.  My daughter and i pick up a couple unique items to try out at home, and cruise on through to finish our shopping.  Everything we need is there, we get it quick because the store is organized well and isn't a monstrosity to navigate.  Milk, eggs, cereal, coffee, yogurt, produce, cheese, chicken, beef, dish soap, plus a few other things. We're ringing out now, and another employee asks if we found everything.  No salted butter in the fridge case, i figured they were out, and asked if they had any.  She said they just got it in and it was in the back, and she ran back and got me a couple pounds.   9:30, and we're in the car with our groceries.  I LOVE me my Fresh and Easy markets.  If you haven't gone, you simply must try them.  Products are great, prices are right.  Their own branded products are excellent. Friendly staff.  Their pre-prepped foods are great, so if you're strapped for time after work, grab a dinner there.  It will cost a little more than making your own from scratch, but a WHOLE lot less than going out for dinner.
4	Anyone who knows me, knows I do not like to shop.  Not at the mall, not at the outlet center...but especially not at the grocery store.  I can't stand the screaming kids (I already have one of my own, thank you), the long lines, and shopping cart obstacle course.   But......in general, Fresh & Easy is my kind of grocery store.  It is never busy.  The aisles are wide and free of clutter.  Each week they have different $0.98 produce specials. They have great coupons (5 off 25 regularly). Their pre-prepared items are convenient and tasty when I am in a pinch and need something quick. Last but not least, they regularly serve samples of their own F&E branded foods and beverages.  It serves as the *perfect* keep-princess-quiet-so-that-everyone-can-shop-in-peace pit stop.At this particular location of Fresh & Easy, the parking lot is clean, well-lit and offers plenty of parking stalls.  The shelves are well stocked and the staff is friendly.  There are enough checkout lanes/stands that I have yet to see a line form.  Oh yeah, don't forget to check out the "Up to 50% Off" seciton. It is always full of goodies!
5	Love it. Wish it was in my neighborhood.
5	Best thing to happen to our neighborhood and I just heard it is closing in the next 4 weeks.  I AM SO BUMMED.
