4	we don't usually go out for dinner at a bar and we don't usually go out on a wednesday night but we received a $10 off $20 purchase & a free pitcher of beer coupons from timber's bar & grill in our weekly mailings. so without having to put much thought into that bargain we loaded up & headed to the nearest location. flamingo & durango on the west side.  we arrived fairly early about 7pm and the parking lot was nearly full so we figured there may be a little wait but when we entered it was seat yourself and plenty of boothes & tables plus the bar was huge. the whole place has a log cabin feel minus the animal heads typically hanging on the wall. the bar had a lounge area & tv's all above the bar, gaming at the bar & a couple arcade games. it was a very cozy bar.well we sat in a booth and ordered a pitcher of beer & 10 wings to get started. wednesdays they have $0.35 wings til 11pm. the beer was super-cold with polar pitcher. the wings were hot & meaty. we also order the beef brisket sliders, the catfish dinner & a pot roast melt sandwich & fries. all the food was great & so were the leftovers the next day. the pot roast sandwich was the best i've had. the catfish was damn good and the sliders were great too. this place has a good menu, some very reasonable prices, a little short on help right now, maybe they're trying to work understaffed. things take a little while here but it is worth the wait, heck i wait longer to get in to places than i spent here. i think this could be a real fun bar to hang out, but i really recommend the food & cheap beer-the people are great too. this all cost  me less than $30 !!
4	Driving around in a neighborhood I'm not familiar with my husband and I came across this place.  We were hungry and tired of driving, so I pointed this place out.  I'm thinking it's just another franchised bar, and there are tons of these in Las Vegas.       We walk in and the place is so dark I can't be sure if it's open.  It was around 1 in the afternoon and the place is empty.  Well there was one table with some people at it, but I couldn't see three feet in front of myself to notice right away.  We were greated and told to sit anywhere we wanted.  So I put my hands out in front of me and started walking towards the server's voice.  By the time I got to the dining area my eyes had started working in the darkness and we sat down at a booth.       We started off with a quesadilla, and OMG it was the best appetizer I have ever had.  I loved the one they served at the Santa Fe Station and had a good litle cry when I discovered they had changed it into a damn Coco's.  This quesadilla at Timbers put that one to shame and made me forget all about it.  Juicy thick chunks of chicken with a gooey blend of melted cheese was tucked into a green tortilla and served with handmade salsa.  I was having a foodgasm it was so good.     We both ordered the teriyaki chicken burger, and while it was okay it could have used a few more minutes on the grill.  Even in the darkness of the dining area I saw pink, and that's not good.  Yes I ate it.  (Most of it.)  No, I did not get food poisoning.  We loved the fries and the service was decent.  I probably won't go back to this location only because it's so far away from where we live but I will go to a Timbers again near me in hopes of getting another yummy quesadilla.
4	There are few things better than sex with a midget hooker who brings her own midget monkey...and one of those things is a great buffalo chicken wing.  In Las Vegas the ability to find a great buffalo chicken wing is like trying to find a virgin on The Strip and meeting someone who hasn't claimed to have partied with The Killers before they were famous...it is almost impossible.Enter...Timbers.  Hello Timbers, if you were a woman I would take you home, pay you...pay you more because you claimed what I want is illegal and then sob uncontrollably after finishing...it wouldn't be special to you...it might even be creepy...but it would be special to me.  Timbers you are my scared and scarred hooker...you aren't pretty but you rock my world.Timbers looks like it was decorated by a flamboyant Lumberjack.  It is kitchy. It is unusual. It is eye catching. It is more than a little disturbing.  First of all in the dining rooms they have these faux hand crafted branch looking chairs with a cushion pattern from the LL Bean reject catalog from 1984. I remember Biff and Scooter buying a mallard duck at a flea market with the same pattern...they were blind.  There is a lot of wood, lots of wooden beams on the ceiling...i remember seeing them as i was being pulled out of the dining room on my back after some ill-timed comments about Tiger Woods mistresses...boy can one of them throw a hell of a punch. This fake early 80's Prince Edward Island ski lodge theme really takes some getting used too...but......what does not take getting used to is the food...oh the food!!  For 6 years in a row it has won "Best Bar Food" in Las Vegas and honestly...it deserves the title.  What PT's hopes to be...or dreams to be...is what Timbers already is.  The food is terrific, and not just for "bar food." If you are looking for good food at a great price this is the place.  They have a great 5 dollar happy hour with huge potions and drink specials. The sandwiches are excellent. The salads are big and filled with great stuff...and all of the ingredients of whatever you order is top notch....but the star of the show...what your sex pal Rex loves the most......the buffalo chicken wings. On Wednesday's the wings are .39 cents a piece.  For less that the price of 1/40th of a rock of crack you get a little bite of heaven. Spicy goodness. Teriyaki goodness. BBQ goodness.  Mild goodness for you wimps. Now I will tell you the secret of making this magic even better...like being drunk a peeing off a building when you could just pee drunk in your house. Better.  Order them crispy with extra sauce. No extra charge. Amazing. The wing is the best wing in the Southwest at that point.Rex isn't the best because he wants to be...he's the best because you need him to be.
4	Time will tell what impact this has...but this Timbers is now Rocky's. They are still honoring the wing deal and menu is exactly the same...for now...but I have to admit that Rex shed a tear...it was a tear induced from huffing too much freon...but I hope somewhere it was from sadness. No. Rex is never sad. Rex is exquisitely empty.
