2	A topless diner near the Olympic Stadium. Decent diner food, lots of security lounging about, and what looked to be a few regulars hanging out. FYI - I was the only female patron!
3	I believe that context is really the deciding factor in experiencing a place like Princesses. Located about 15 minutes outside of the downtown core of Montreal, near Olympic stadium, Princesses is a greasy spoon style diner that has one unique specialty; two words that are all it takes for my interest to be piqued: "Topless Breakfast". Seems hilarious, right?It's an interesting juxtaposition to say the least. We went just after noon on a Sunday, hungry for our first meal of the day and we were greeted by 3 Waitresses that were, as advertised, topless. There was also one fully dressed man who had a commanding presence and quite the leer about him. I suppose his stink eye is to keep potential trouble makers in check, but still, it's hard to enjoy your eggs and get an eyefull of the scenery when you're getting an eyefull of your own from someone else.This is where context comes into play - It was a lot of nudity for that early in the morning. I was hungry and totally sober, so it was pretty strange. Add to that, the fact that it was the capper to a 3 day weekend celebrating my friend Daniel's last days of Bachlordom. If we had gone to Princesses first thing, I'm sure we could have sat their giggling and pointing like school children when their teacher tells them about puberty, but that late into the weekend, so much had already been seen and done and been done to us, We had sort of been desensitized to it. It was more or less business as usual at our breakfast table. Giddy giggling and knowning glances were replaced with aloof requests for more ketchup. It's sort of like if you had been wearing X-Ray Spex all weekend, after a while you'd just order your coffee refill and not even bat an eye at someones junk as they give it to you.The food itself was passable diner fare. As tasty as they looked, I opted out of the traditional breakfast, and had a burger, which was good, but nothing exceptional. Service was decent, the waitresses were friendly and Coffee was refilled semi-regularly. Also, to Princesses credit, I was impressed that one of our waitresses was still working there despite being visibly pregnant (if, by some chance, she's reading this, and by another chance and isn't actually pregnant - then I am really, really, totally fucking sorry). I don't imagine that would happen at many other establishments where toplessness was a requirement.Overall Princesses was a one of a kind experience. A better name for it might be "Emperor's new diner" (or maybe just "The Emperor's") because nobody seemed to even acknowledge the toplessness. It reminded me of the Toronto-Produced "Naked News" that made a splash on the internet a few years ago. Theres nudity, but once you're there it's not at all the focus. So, if it's the morning and you've got a rumble in your tummy and a hankering for some present albeit understated nudity, this is your spot.
5	This place is amazing.  Topless diner heaven.  Highly recommended for male and female.  Good food good service.
1	Place is overrated.  The food is horrible and the service is extremely slow.  I ordered two eggs over easy and it took 45 minutes.  Our waitress didn't refill our waters or coffee.Additionally the waitresses could of been flirty like at a Hooters.  I mean its a topless breakfast place, they should have a sense of humor about it.
2	Ive been going to this place for about 4-5 years now and the food quality has stayed the same ( below average diner food). The menu is completely in french and the waitresses dont speak english. I always go with the safe bet of chicken fingers or wings.I was there this weekend and everyone was wearing bikinis or dresses i was very much disappointed because we usually kick off a weekend of debauchery with topless breakfast and instead had mild breakfast. Not worth the cab/subway ride anymore if this is the norm now.
2	According to an article, the courts have deemed that the staff of Restaurant Les Princesses will have to cover up their naughty bits from here on out.The decision actually came down back in 2010, in Quebec Superior Court.  But the owner finally caved only a few weeks ago. The servers are now wearing miniskirts and small vests. Several waitresses said they have been earning about half of their usual tip money since donning the new uniforms.  I guess that kind of goes without saying... decision time for them, either work for less or bite the bullet and head on down to one of the strip clubs to supplement the lost wages.
3	The food was sub par (I liked it more than my friends) but the experience was legendary. Bring extra cash.
