5	Wow! The chicken is just delicious, but there is PIZZA as well. Pizza and wings. What more could I ask for.  I had the sweet potato pizza, which is so yummy that I cringed when my girlfriend took a slice (she is now hooked). I had the soy garlic wings which cannot be described in words.  I called in my order and 15 minutes later, it was ready and waiting when I arrived.  Great food and fast service. Cannot ask for more than that.  I am now a loyal customer
5	Best fried chicken in Vegas. Also try it with spicy-sweet sauce. It is good spot to grab a drink late night with friends. I tried the spicy rice cake, sweet potato pizza, grilled large intestine. It was all soooo good. I recomend this place to all of my friends.
5	Top notch Korean fried chicken.  The outside was crispy and light, the chicken moist, and the traditional Korean sauce was spicy and sweet.  There's multiple sauces to choose from so I'm looking forward to trying the others.  Also good value.  For $10 was given around 8 pieces.  Also came with the traditional side dishes - I wasn't expecting that as I thought that was just for Korean BBQ. They were excellent.  2 picked vegetables and a sweet potato salad (or regular potato salad with some sweet sauce).  I will definitely try the other main courses.  Saw a hamburger steak and a katsu dish that looked good.  Friendly employees and nice decor.
5	Holy smokes, how does this place only have 3 reviews?  The gf and I just had dinner at this place and I couldn't wait to write a review.  We ordered the soy garlic wings and the regular korean fried chicken with "supreme" sauce.  The.  Best.  Fried.  Chicken.  I.  Have.  Ever.  Had.  Roscoes?  Honey's Kettle?  (Both in LA)  Not even close.  I really hope this place continues to survive because I will eat here every time I visit Vegas.
5	Yum! Had their Sweet Potato Pizza and Bulgogi Pizza as well as their popcorn chicken with spicy sauce. Their pizzas are dang freaking good- far beyond what I expected at a Karaoke place... makes me want to go back just for the pizza! Popcorn chicken was awesome too- chicken was big- not mostly batter and sauce was awesome. Seriously awesome. Nice job guys!
5	I'm seriously upset with myself for waiting this long to go get me some fried chicken :) KFC in my mind stands for Korean fried chicken and I have been looking for a place to match Bon Chon in New York and this place is as close as it's gonna get!  The chicken is extremely crispy on the outside and so moist on the inside it makes the white meat tastes like dark meat!  I love all the sauces they offer but the soy garlic is my favorite.  The family size is a huge portion and can easily feed 4-6 depending on ones appetite.  The dishes come with some ban chan (side dishes) and the cabbage salad with thousand island is a nice pairing to the spicy flavors in some of the dishes and chicken flavors.  We tried the bulgogi fried rice and that was tasty as well.  We also ordered the stir fried gizzards and I would have to recommend not getting it....not enough flavor and overly chewy.  But I'll overlook anything for good fried chicken or in this case SUPERB fried chicken.  Just two words bomb diggity! Similar concept to Soyo but with a cheaper price point.  The chicken beats the chicken wings at soyo and beats the fried chicken at Bazic.  Definitely give this place a try if you are a fried chicken connoisseur and perhaps you can head next door for a little karaoke action afterwards.
5	WINNER WINNER FRIED CHICKEN DINNER! One of the best fried chicken places in town. The skin on the chicken stayed crispy (like pharrell's hat @ the Grammy's) throughout the whole time. My friends and I tired the Supreme and Soy Garlic sauces, and BOY OH BOY the flavor packs a punch. The Supreme was a little more on the spicy side, however; our side of white rice balanced out the spice. Soy Garlic had a nice salty flavor as well. The biggest thing I noticed was the water they served us. IT WAS BOTTLED ARROWHEAD WATER! Definitely worth every gallon of gas used to drive here!
5	This place was great. The wings were the best I had and the pizza had the most stretchy cheese. :) Always best eaten hot and never warm. ^^ I also liked the rice dishes. You won't be disappointed. The environment is more of an urban and youth theme. I really enjoy listening to the pop and kpop while enjoying my meal. The art was also nice too. A great place with friends and maybe dates ;)
5	Really nice & quiet place. Romantic setting! Great service, guys were friendy & awesome food! My hubby, friends & I did family style. We had the korean bbq ribs, tofu jun, bulgolgi pizza, bulgolgi fried rice, rice balls, potstickers & Sake! My friends loved the Sake! Great place :) Would definitely recommend it! Good korean bbq beef ribs. xoxo
2	We went here with very high expectations based on the reviews. Not sure where the comparisons to Bonchon came from but they're nowhere close. I'll take Bazic anytime for this place. The coating on the chicken wings are too thick, and the meat has no flavor at all. The sauces can't do anything to save it.
5	Loved it!!If you're lookin for traditional, do not come here. But if you wanna try something new (and guaranteed to be yummy), this is a must try!BEST korean fried chicken in town, yummy pork belly slices, large portions, affordable prices, chic decor but laid back atmosphere, friendly/helpful staff. Take a date or a group of friends-- either way you'll have a good time.
5	Love here! Staffs are all very nice and fried chicken was sooo good. I tried supreme flavor and soy flavor fried chicken, and both of them were so tasty. I also found the Cass bear which is from Korea, it was smooth and nice. My Chinese boyfriend absolutely loves this place and so do I.
5	Best fried chicken in vegas
5	Awesome place. Good songs! Nice and clean rooms! And very nice staff! I always come here. It's better than all the other karaoke places in town. They update their list monthly. I'm about to bust out in some Disney songs. :3
5	I've been coming here for a year, but this is my actual first time singing karaoke here & this place is my absolute favorite place to do sake bombs! If you don't already know; buy two buckets of beer & you get one free! It's always so fun here. & the staff is always nice.~ Two thumbs up & five stars ~For always having an amazing time here.
5	Amazing food! Good music! Friendly staff!! Have a cold beer with fried chicken supreme style and a bottle of sou with raspberry liqueur.. finally a place to hang in Las Vegas with karaoke bar right next door!! Right now!!
5	WoW ! .. Wasn't expecting it to be as good as what people are saying about this place, but it's all true .. The food is great .. The service is awesome .. The price is less than what I expected. Our Server Dennis even took requests for our background music preference, make sure to ask for this guy .. All in all, this is our new go to spot when it comes to KBBQ and K Chicken Wings !
4	My cousins wanted to go somewhere I haven't taken them before, since I wanted to try this place, we decided to check it out. When we first walked in, it was a chill atmosphere, since I haven't been here before so I didn't know what to expect.  My cousin and brother ordered beer and hot sake since it was buy one get one for 50% during their happy hour from 4pm-9pm. We ended up ordering their chicken wings (supreme & soy garlic), kimchi fried rice, and bulgogi. They were good, but not the best. When you check in for the first time, you get a free shaved ice per table, which is really good. And when you write a review, you'll get a free cold sake.
3	Im a little disappointed for my first time. The ambiance is pretty nice and cozy. The music  was good and the staff is very friendly. Plus we got a free shaved ice for checking in. I think everyone hyped up the food too much. We ordered the hamburger steak, bulgogi pizza and spicy bulgogi. The hamburger steak tasted like meat loaf. And they kind of over did the pizza. The calamari was pretty good though nice and crispy, it wasn't chewy at all. Maybe next time we will try something different and get more alcohol.
4	Being associated to Karaoke Q Studio, I actually expected dining inside one of those karaoke rooms with some random crowd singing to really cheesy songs.  I was mistaken, however, as the restaurant is located in a separate space right next door.  I guess this bistro has been open for over a year now but only heard about it recently.  Ambiance was nice except for the blasting EDM that almost gave me a headache... at least all alcohol was BUY ONE GET ONE FREE (only during World Cup) which greatly helped soon as the booze started flowing.The menu includes both typical and nontraditional Korean dishes.  Dukbokke (soft rice cake, fish cake, and sweet red chili sauce) was really tasty with portion big enough for two to three people.  Korean fried chicken (KFC of South East Asia) was also delicious.  Crust stayed crispy even when it was drenched in sweet and spicy sauce.  It almost reminded me of my first time having it at Bonchon during a trip in the Philippines; however, it's just like comparing apples to pears.  The ones from this restaurant have thicker coating and were glazed with too much sauce.  Nonetheless, the dish itself is great and worth coming back for.One dope thing they do is their Yelp check-in special: free small patbingsoo.  Not sure if it's only for the first visit or every time you do it.  Considering the dessert was complimentary, we thought it was just going to be shaved ice topped with strawberries and condensed milk.  Surprisingly, it was topped with cereal, sweet red beans, assorted fresh fruits (kiwi, cantaloupe, strawberry, honeydew, banana, mango), vanilla ice cream and drizzled with condensed milk.Overall, Q Bistro is definitely a great joint for late night dining especially since they're open till three in the morning.
5	Great place for groups especially for happy hour. Plenty of songs to choose from and multiple languages.
5	The bulgogi pizza was tasty and the service was awesome! I would definitely come back.
5	Very good food. My only regret is that I ordered too much and couldn't manage to eat it all.
5	First off, this restaurant has a very unique and romantic set up unlike any other and is extremely clean! The food was different yet tasty, especially the seafood pasta.Last but not least, the service is awesome! Get Damon to serve you, he always keeps a smile on his face and is just an overall awesome server (:
5	This is my second time coming to Q Bistro and Damon took great care of us. He was constantly checking up on us and it made the visit a lot better. We ordered my favorite the spicy rice cakes, kimbap, the chicken wings and a bunch of other entries that were super delicious. Not only was the service and food great but the atmosphere of the restaurant nice as well. Last but not least the  restrooms are beautiful!!! When the restrooms are clean and pretty you know the place's a keeper.
5	Amazing food, super friendly staff, clean, good for couples, family, even solo, veery welcoming relaxing place. Coming back for sure.
5	We wanted the best fried chicken in vegas and the KFC at Q Bistro is definitely it. The atmosphere is rly chill and the service is really great, especially Damon. We had popcorn and K style wings and the crispness, even tho they were soaked in delicious sauce, really surprised us, everything tasted sooo good! Will come back for sure and definitely recommend it to my crew.
5	A bit of a drive from the strip, but it was worth it. Yummy, affordable, comfort food. All of the banchan was tasty. We got the whole fried chicken, bulgogi kimbap, ramen, dokbokki, yukgaejang, and julmyun. And they had a special buy 2 drinks get one free. We thoroughly enjoyed it! Great for a large group (we had a party of 8).
3	Real good service and great food. My pasta tasted different then the others I was with but everything else was good.
4	Really great service from our server Damon. He greeted us with a smile and took the time to go over the menu with us. The menu has a good selection of traditional and fusion Korean dishes. I ordered the bulgogi pizza and my husband had the kalbi ribs. Both were very good! The 3 chicken was more than enough for 3 grown men! We will be back!
5	This place totally caught me off guard. I thought it was going to be a bad experience. Boy was i wrong.  The service was impeccable. Our waitress was so nice and patient with our indecisiveness. She was also very engaging.  The food arrived at our table still sizzling. That definitely added to my appetite.  If you are looking for a late night date spot. This is it.
5	Love this place!  1st time here so I went for my new favorite Korean dish, Spicy Beef Soup, and I wasn't disappointed.  Just the right amount of spice and full of flavor with LOTS of beef!  So much beef that I probably could've shared and still been satisfied.  :)The atmosphere is hip & modern with positive sayings all over their walls such as "you know those dreams you have...go do them".  Awesome!  And the service was friendly and quick and when I was leaving suggested I try some of their other menu items when I come back.  What a way to assume the sale IE next visit!!I will definitely be going back again but next time bringing a friend and trying their pizza & chicken with all the great reviews I've read!
4	Wish I didn't see that they used to have yelp check in desserts! They don't do that anymore... I've tried their fried chicken before in its ultimate spicy Korean form and it was quite good. Can't seem to stop eating it even while its destroying you from the inside out. The other flavors I tried as popcorn chicken were soy garlic and sweet and mild, the latter of which was a watered down form (in terms of taste) from the original spicy Korean version. I'd say go for the chicken pieces unless you like the crispy coating more, then do the popcorn version, and the original flavor is still the best. I loved that the sweet potato pizza was super soft and the potato melts in your mouth. Great combination of flavors! The yam stuffed crust was also a genius and delicious finishing touch. The prices and the portions are very fair. Not so expensive I'd hesitate to go back, but not so cheap that I could go all the time either. Kalbi was just okay in terms of flavor, though the meat was very tender. It wasn't grilled, but came on a sizzling platter. Also had the seafood pasta, which was not what I expected in terms of regular white sauce and alfredo flavors. It had its own uniqueness and the seafood in it was not wanting. You know how the restaurants who  skimp on the seafood trying to save money are as well versed in it as the patrons noticing that there is insufficient seafood? Didn't get that feeling in this dish! We went in for dinner early to beat the noise and crowd, around 5pm, and it was pleasant, not loud, and service was great.
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZE BALLS!!!! THE FREAKING CHICKEN WINGS ARE THE SIZE OF A BABY'S FIST! I think I've been to this place like 15+ times already. This place is really that good. I get so excited talking about this place.Location: It's located in a plaza with icy juicy, modas cafe, and cue-d's. Parking can be a bit of a hassle depending on the time of day you get there, but you shouldn't have a problem finding one. Vibe & layout: The place has changed a lot from it's early days. There's a decent amount of tables, I never had to wait for one. Everything is pretty modern, they have buttons on tables that you ring if you need a waiter. Customer service & Food: I haven't had one bad customer service so far, the waiters are attentive and if you ever did anything just ring the bell. Prices are very fair too. I always order the family style half and half soy garlic, and sweet and mild. You can definitely share it with 2-3 people so it ends up being really cheap per person. Beware of the SUPREME SAUCE it's a bit spicy. Get the cabbage salad with thousand island too! Their sauce is dank 11/10. Protip: They change their check in offers every once in a while, but still take advantage of it! So far I've seen free dessert, free soda, free shot, and now I think it's free shaved ice.
5	I am so glad that we chanced upon this little place, an off-shoot of Q Karaoke lounge next door.  We had actually intended to go to a Szechuan restaurant on Spring Mountain, but upon arriving decided it was a little too Szechuan...  Checking on Yelp for a high-rated Asian, we decided to head over to this place just around the corner.  It's always great to chance upon a great tasting place, but when it is a great Korean place in Vegas, it makes the night.This place is small, nice but simply decorated, with two large screen TVs.  It's an L-shaped place but the TVs are right next to each other, so there is no view from the other side of the L.  Wish they change that.  We are greeted by an adorable hostess, who ends up being our server as well.  Super cute and super sweet girl... We order fried calamari, beef brisket, and sweet potato fries, along with a bottle of makgeolli.  The calamari was good, some pieces were a bit dry but generally meaty and served with cocktail sauce and a soy sauce/sesame oil mix.  The sweet potato fries were great, sufficiently crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The real winner was the brisket though, served with awesomely yummy side dishes and Korean-style leek salad.  Brisket comes cooked on a bed of onions and jalapenos.  Dip the meat in sesame oil and eat it with the leek salad, and it's marvelous.  I also have to mention the side dishes - fish cakes, sausage, kimchi, japchae, and mung beans - all of which were all fantastic.  We came here early, around 7pm or so, and it was basically empty.  I'm guessing, since this is a Korean bar, that it comes alive later in the night?  It surely deserves to be crowded, so I'm wondering if we were just early.  Anyways, with great food, cozy but good atmosphere, and great service, we will definitely make our way back here, perhaps after 9pm.Table-for-1 Factor:  Probably not a good idea, it's a bar with no bar, and not conducive to accommodating single patrons.
3	Food unique taste alright.Chicken wings were different but pretty good with their sweet and sour sauce.The pizza was different but good.  potato pizza bomb and bulgogi was also tasty. Did take out and everything was correct
5	I grew up in Korea and this place brought back good memories of my childhood.  The chicken is bomb and the yangnyum sauce is spot on!  The kimbap is yummy too!
5	Great decor, service, and food! The music was also Kpoppin'~We got two orders of popcorn chicken, one was garlic soy and the other was 'hot and spicy'. The garlic soy: Dericious! The hot and spicy wasn't really spicy at all - I would definitely go with garlic soy again and maybe a different flavor. We also ordered the sweet potato pizza - different, but SO good! They had a buy one get one free soju, so why not :3 ? There were also a good amount of side dishes, ranging from japchae, to kimchi, to hot dogs (which was our least favorite). The waitress was really nice, checked up on us often, and even refilled whichever side dishes we wanted! One of the things I really appreciated about this place was the table bells to call your waiter/waitress if you ever needed anything ~True, this place is '$$', but for the amount of food you get, I think it's justifiable to be considered '$'. Will be coming back!
4	For my last night in Vegas, I decided to take a $15 can ride from the strip to Chinatown and this place. I went here purely on the ratings and reviews of this place here on yelp. The place did not disappoint at all. For one they serve bottle beer only ($3-$4) and they do have a few Korean beers that are must try. For my meal I had their wings in supreme and soy garlic sauce (all wings were excellent and great, supreme was the better of the two). I also had some bulgogi fried rice which was also really good (when you order the fried rice, it comes out with like 7 different sides from kimchi to spiced Vienna sausages to onions and many more). Only thing I didn't really like was that their bathroom isn't open to the public. However when I come back to Vegas, I will be back here for some more wings.
4	I love new Asian restaurants!!This place isn't the most authentic, if that's what you're looking for, but it's pretty damn delicious! We came here on a Saturday night and we were seated immediately due to there not being more than 3 other tables seated. It's very dark in here and they have cool decor. They also have TV's with sports playing for the football fans. Just, no sound. The main guy working the hostess desk was playing really slow love songs. That was kind of weird, but whatever. It was some really good 90's hits - Boyz II Men. Oh yes. He was also our waiter. I don't know if he serves much because he seemed a little out of place. He was very blunt, which I appreciate, but he seemed as if it really wasn't his job to serve. Also, he didn't check up on us often. We had to get his attention a couple of times. He was very nice though. The food was excellent. I recommend - The fried pot stickers, Spicy BBQ Pork Ribs and Bulgogi. I definitely want to go back and try out more. All of the meat was cooked perfectly with amazing flavors and the ribs fell off the bone. Best thing is the prices are extremely reasonable. The only thing I wish they had was Kalbi.
3	I went there with a group of 4 and the place was empty, it was Halloween though.  They seemed to have a pretty good take out business going as we sat and eat.  We had just returned from Seoul so we were interested in trying some Kimchee and whatever dishes we saw from Yelp.   Everything was fine,  we had some spicy tofu and beef soup.  Waitress was very nice who seated us, excellent table skills, but the waiter who also helps needs work.They also had fairly loud rap music for background,  and since there was no one there we asked if they could turn it down.  The waitress did, and then the waiter adjusted it back up again.Prices were very affordable,  and food overall was good.  My suggestion for the restaurant owner is change the music, turn it down, and train your wait staff how to attend a table properly.
4	We dropped by for dinner on a Saturday evening around 6pm. There were no other customers there yet, so we were shown a table right away. The decor is a cozy comfortable feeling kind of place. The servers were friendly and prompt. The tables have "attention" buttons which they respond quickly to.They have alot of the usual Asian restaurant fare. Noodles, tofu, marinated meats. And some unusual ones. But, I think, the real star of this cafe is the Korean fried chicken. The "Single" plate of fried chicken comes with a side of salad. But who cares about the salad?! If you've ever heard about Korean fried chicken and was wondering what all the hoohaa was about, then give their fried chicken a try. It'll blow your face off.
4	The menu is expanding! More authentic Korean dishes are becoming available, but be careful because not everything is perfect. Before I go into the gritty details though, at least know that their chicken and pizza are worth the entire world and for those alone I wish them the most success. Two of such things that need major improvement are the tonkatsu and pepperoni pizza. Given how great their Korean pizzas are, down to the nuance of home made tasting bread/crust and something special about the cheese, we thought the pepperoni would also be above average. It was way way below. Compared to the Korean pizzas, those tasting as if they were home made, the pepperoni pizza was like freezer food. The tonkatsu was dry with texture like cardboard. Also got the hamburg steak, which was all right but super salty. Would not order it again. Ending on a positive note, the spicy rice cake fish was great, and their Korean chicken and Korean pizzas are still the highlight. The side dishes are tasting better too now. Just gotta keep everything at the same standard across the board.
4	I went here with a group. They had a ton of good authentic Korean food. There portions are nice. I would say that I liked there bulgogi pizza and sweet potato fries the best. The latter is more of like a dessert with how it's made.
5	I was looking for a small, relatively unknown Asian restaurant to celebrate my birthday. Thankfully, I found Q Bistro! The service was very accommodating (we had a reservation for 20 people) for the small restaurant. The service was also fast in prepping our meals! I had the Spicy Tofu Soup and it was delightful! All of my friends were also pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of their foods (especially, the bulgogi pizza and lemon chicken). Overall, I totally recommend! It's a great place to spend your time and money's worth, even before/after a night of karaoke!
3	Cashier/Hostess not too familiar with their menu offering. Not a good first impression nearly from the get go. Like you have an entire menu section dedicated to just chicken wings with different sauces, how can you not know?Anyway, lack of menu knowledge aside, their chicken wings are pretty bomb. I went with original and supreme. The original basically is just fried chicken wings in their house seasoning, served without any sauce.  The Supreme is fried chicken wings in their spicy Supreme sauce (has some kick that builds up over time, not one that will bring you to your knees right off the bat. Not unless you are French.)I ordered these to go and they included some diced marinated radish and a side of coleslaw (Family size order).  This snack was good and my friends and I killed it in no time.  I would come back in the future to check out the rest of the menu, especially their pizzas, or after spending time next door at their Karaoke lounge.  I think with the traditional side dishes that are typically served with your food, it would be a better value.While waiting for my order, I had ample time to check out the decor. The atmosphere is trendy, with street art-style decor on black walls, as if you were at some underground club in LA.  Tables were not placed too close together, which is nice.  The place was maybe 20% full at about 7:30pm on a weekday, when the parking lot outside is packed and finding an open spot to park was a minor test in patience.3 stars for now.  Will update again after I come back.
3	One night we hit Q Bistro and enjoyed fried rice balls and tofu. Although it was good, there was nothing to write home about.The atmosphere does make the difference, though- they have the kind of Asian hip vibe there. It depends if you like it or not.
5	My husband wanted me to try Bobchon, so we found this place on yelp and kept it in my bookmarks. So glad my hubby remembered me mentioning it was a late night spot being we were looking to get dinner around 10pm last night. Parking was a nightmare, but understandable considering the food and entertainment options in the plaza. Overwhelmed by the loud karaoke place next door, we were relived when we walked in  to the calm Bistro. We were kind of exhausted from the day and wanted a calm meal. The ambiance was unique. Loved the private feel that was given with the garland-like curtains. The tables were quite large so an intimate feel was missing but we fixed that by sitting side-by-side on the bench. We started with drinks. We typically like to drink something imported to go with the ethnicity of the meal. Thanks to our server, she was extremely understanding when we didn't care for the pomegranate wine and brought us two Korean beers instead. BO was a perfect match for our meal!The chicken wings ruined me. I will never be able to eat a chicken wing anywhere else. You can hear the crunch with every bite! You'd think that with a wing as crispy as these the meat would be dried out but that is NOT the case here at all. Each bite was filled with juicy goodness!  The wings were huge but honestly the crispy outer skin was what made them, along with the supreme sauce of course!  Next time I would do the popcorn chicken. I spied them on the table beside us and loved that you could mix and match two sauces and I can only imagine the crisp you'd get with every bite!  The slaw that accompanied the wings was nothing to brag about. I was hoping it would have share a similar flavor of the macaroni salad they give as a side before the meal. Now, once the spice from the Supreme sauce was all I could taste, the pickled daikon was a great way to cleanse the palate before delving into our pizza.  How unique, pizza at a Korean bistro!  I'm glad that we were able to do two toppings.  We went specifically for the kalbi pizza but to our surprise the sweet potato pizza blew us away!  Overall the food was great!  Service was slow, we sat for a while waiting to get out of there.  I guess that was a good thing because it gave our full bellies some time to rest!
