5	A great little museum along the Royal Mile that is absolutely free so good for a browse even if you're popping in to get out of the rain. It's not the largest museum but they have some interesting information and artefacts about the police force in days gone by.There are some great artefacts including the famous skin purse made from human skin, the skin is from the hand of William Burke from the infamous murderers and grave robbers Burke and Hare. Definitely worth a visit just so you can say you've seen a skin purse.
5	One of the more low-key tourist attractions in Edinburgh, The Police Centre is very small, quiet and dignified, with a friendly old woman behind the counter and that dusty, stuffy atmosphere that all good museums should have. The main attraction here is the infamous skin purse that gets blagged up on every city ghost walk. Unless you know what it's made of, it doesn't actually look that revolting, but is still a slice of the macabre far more genuine than the comedy theatricals that go on down at the dungeon, if also far less exciting. It is a very small museum, so doesn't take long to get round. I think the small size is perhaps due to the way in which it concentrates on the good work of Lothian and Borders Police. Had they instead chose to focus on the corruption, incompetence and brutality, then it would have been bigger than the castle.
4	The Edinburgh Police Centre Museum is absolutely teeny - it's one room - but that doesn't mean you shouldn't stop in to visit. If anything, its small, manageable size is an argument for why you can't miss it since it won't take up too much of your time!The ground floor room, easily accessible to disabled visitors, is packed full of oddities collected from the Edinburgh police over the past few hundred years. They have an array of truncheons fanned out across the wall, dated crime leaflets and old walkie talkies! These are worth seeing alone since they are huge. You could build the foundations of your house on them since they are like bricks, and look like toys nowadays! But that is what was used in the 80s, and you can marvel at how technology rapidly improves over the years like I did.As the other reviewers have said, the centre has some information clips about infamous grave robbers Burke and Hare, which is an interesting  window into Edinburgh's leary, seedy past. The grizzly stories and the gruesome skin purse is definitely worth stopping in for. Small but quirky, interesting and armed with friendly, knowledgable staff!
3	Policing isn't a topic which interests me from a purely factual point of view, but I can still appreciate a well put together Museum.Edinburgh Police Centre Museum is a wee free museum on the Royal Mile. It's run by Lothian and Borders Police, but the museum isn't from a too overly police perspective. It tells the story of Edinburgh's police force and some of the more colourful episodes of Edinburgh's criminal history. Despite my initial lack of enthusiasm even I managed to find the displays entertaining.The museum is literally one room and shouldn't take long to look around. The space is used efficiently and there's a decent amount to take in considering.It's free, it doesn't take long and it's right in the middle of town. So if you are at all interested, you have no excuse to pop in.
