3	I love Thai food. But I have a really stringent standard by which I rate Thai food. Whenever trying out a new Thai place, I always get a green papaya salad, sticky rice, and green curry with tofu and then judge from there. This is my control. Jasmine was pretty good. I actually started out with the naked shrimp salad, a nice alternative to the green papaya. I liked that the shrimp were completely shelled. The lemongrass in this dish was prominent and fresh. The green curry was alright. And the presentation of the sticky mango rice was adorable: shaped into a heart with the mango in a wreath around it. My bf said the Thai tea was too sweet. But I like my Thai tea like I like my women: sweet and large. Tonight was my first time here. They're open late + close to work = awesome. I thought the portion size to price ratio was a little steep. For 50 bucks for two, I expect to walk away with enough leftovers to feed me the rest of the next day. And I did not. The best part of this place was the ambiance and service. It was a tiny hole in the wall, having only five two-tops and one four-top (14 covers). And our server was this cute little Thai girl. I wanted to take her home. And do naughty things to her.* off the strip, non-casino
4	Jasmine Thai is by my girl friends house and when I visit her in Las Vegas, we inevitably end up here... our little, hard-to-find-ifyadontknowit Thai nook.  It's just a cute lil restaurant with average/good Thai cuisine and a friendly staff.  They serve their Pad Thai noodles a lil more sweet than I prefer but my friend and her daughter love it.  This last time I wasn't feeling well so I ordered their wonton soup and it was sooo good.  I would definitely order it again.  I'll post a picture of it so you can see the amazing chicken, shrimp, slices of pork, veggies and wontons that completely filled my small bowl!  The broth was so tasty too, just what my sensitive tummy needed.See ya there!
3	They used salad mushrooms in my Tom kar khai soup...couldn't move past that.  How cheap!  Chicken salad wraps are good.  The quality was better many moons ago.  It used to be local owned (husband and wife couple) and they really worked hard and I am happy to support them, but the food isn't as amazing as it used to be.  I wish I liked it more.
3	I have been there a few times since it's so close to my house and I can say that the food is very inconsistent. The same dish can be  either delicious or a complete miss, which is very strange. They also seem to mess up my order quite often... How hard is it to skip eggs in a noodle dish when nicely asked not to put any? The place is very small and if you have food delivered to your house, it will take  forever. On the positive side, Most items can be made vegan and the staff is pretty nice.  I personally like Pin Kaow a little better.
4	I live right around the corner from this place and am thrilled to have such good Thai food so close. It is easily on par with Lotus of Siam, which has slipped a bit in my opinion. My favorite dishes are the tom yum soup, pineapple curry, the pork jerky appetizer, and of course the mango with sticky rice (assuming they have it). The only downside of this restaurant is it is pretty small but they mostly do take out so there is almost always enough room to sit down. I like these sites but I have to say the people that go to a place once and have a bad experience and write a scathing review make me mad. I have been here probably 20+ times and sure there have been a few small issues but overall the service is great and the food is very good.
3	Jasmine Thai is just OK Thai food in my opinion.  My girlfriend thinks it's a lot better than I do.  I hadn't had Jasmine in awhile, so I grabbed a GC off of restaurant.com and we went there for dinner tonight.  We had to spend $35, so we ordered 2 appetizers: the crab rangoon (awesome) and the chicken satays (disappointing).  I had the pad thai, which I didn't find as good as Thai Taste, where I usually go.  My girlfriend had the pad se eu, and I tried it and liked that a lot better than my dish.  We also had a large thai iced tea to get us up to $35.  Good meal, yeah, but I'd personally rather go elsewhere for Thai.
5	I went there with hesitation due to the reviews of others, I'm glad I listened to my husband and not those who are never happy about anything, those who just like to always complain, and those who shouldn't go out to eat!!!!!!! This restaurant has absolutely DELICIOUS food! We ordered tofu pad thai, red curry, broccoli and beef, and chicken w/mushrooms. Which by way the mushrooms were huge and fresh! This is a small restaurant, 5 tables maybe, most of the "guests" coming in were there for to go orders. The restaurant is doing something right even if most of the business is to go orders. Service? She was good! Refilled our beverages when it was low. The food came out when it was done cooking. If you want 5 diamond service then go to that restaurant, I'm sure the owner rather you go there then come back to their restaurant and nit pick anyways!    If anyone is a Andrew Zimmern fan, then you know where he goes to for fabulous food, you don't see him at a steak house, you see him in a hole in the wall restaurant.   So to those who like to nit pick everything, perhaps just negative. Keep it to yourself, let the rest of us enjoy the food at Jasmine tai Gourmet
3	This place is now closed. It's open as a different Thai place, but I have no idea if there is any relation
