4	What a delightful little place! This new restaurant on the Southeast corner of Southern and McClintock has an ambience and class that are much too rare in Tempe. Tasty (and affordable) sushi and sandwiches in a lounge-type atmosphere that is modern and refreshing. We need more like this!
4	In the 11 years I have worked in this part of Tempe, I have seen quite a few restaurants in the current location of Cafe Wasabi. In fact, I only knew it was there when I invited a former student of mine to lunch and this was her suggestion. My husband and I have been perpetually disgusted by the quality of the seafood in the valley, with the notable exception of PF Chang's scallops. The freshness of this sushi was impressive and is far, far better than the fancy sushi places in town like Ra. The rolls are not only delicious, but absolutely beautiful- they look just like the pictures. Prices were reasonable for the quality, and the place was impeccably clean, with a slightly modern, industrial feel. I will be back for lunch for sure and will make a special trip from CenPho with hubby.
4	i really dig this place for its uniqueness and the sushi.  you'll find several one-of-a-kind sushi recipes here, and so far I've found them all to be delicious.when your sushi is served, you can tell right away that the people preparing it care.  it looks beautiful and the taste matches.no fishy smell at this place, either -- a big plus for a sushi bar, imo.  definitely worth a try.
4	I love this place. The sushi is some of the best sushi I've had in Phoenix.  The restaurant is pretty small and narrow, but clean, modern/trendy.  They don't have a bar, but some beers (and possibly wine, I've never checked).  It's a great place to take a date or friend.  Not really suited for big groups.I probably go here twice a month.  It's my little token sushi place. The only negative comment I have is that they do not do happy hour.
4	This was one of the better sushi experiences I've had in Arizona. The pricing is very reasonable, the fish quality was excellent, and they seem to play jazz over the stereo, as opposed to the usual techno in most sushi joints.It looks like it would be a good lunch place. There's no happy hour, no bar, and the alcohol selection is pretty much limited to beer and hot or cold sake.By the way, I'm not the greenest person by any means (I'm eating sushi after all), but what's up with that take-out packaging? It seems like an overwhelming amount of styrofoam and plastic bags for the amount of food that was in it.
4	I'm a big fan of this place, based on my two visits here. Me and the lady feel like it's our own little joint since we've been the only ones there both times we've gone.All the rolls have been great. As you stand in line to order, they have color pictures of all the rolls so you can see exactly what you're getting. I've had the Vegas, sushi burro, tuna roll, cucumber roll, love roll, and one or two other I can't remember the names of, and they have all been great. Fresh, tasty, flavorful....good times. All the prices are reasonable too, as some other reviews mentioned. You won't get that look on your face like "I paid $9 for this?" which seems to happen with sushi sometimes. And we had soybeans and one of the salads which had a great dressing on it.They have a small but good beer selection. Sake bombers are $6 all day which is a price normally found only at happy hour at other places. They advertise the $6 bombers with Kirin, but I get Asahi and I believe they give me the same price. Plus you get to choose hot or cold sake.I like the interior design. Nice, clean, and modern but not trendy to the point of being cheesy. Plus I love how people can sign and decorate their sake bottles and they have them all on display. I'm secretly jealous that I haven't done it, but I get hot sake which doesn't come in the green bottles.All in all I'm a big fan of Cafe Wasabi and will try and make it whenever I'm craving sushi. I don't know how busy they are on weekends or later in the evening. I've gone around 5-6ish on weekdays both times and we've been the only ones dining in. I hope they're usually busier than that because I'd hate to see the place go out of business.One more note: Closed on Sundays! That's maybe the only negative I can find.
4	Much better than RA or some of the other places around. I just wish the staff was a little more friendly. Also I am always scared my ass is going to rip through the chairs they have and everyone is going to laugh at me Well I have been here over a dozen times and if it hasnt happened by now I think I might be safe, no I am still scared.
1	SOOOOOOO disappointed. Was out with a friend and we were CRAVING sushi. Went to Sushi 101 (Rural and University, Awesome and Fresh) but it was packed, so decided to try Cafe Wasabi -- looked cute, bright, and clean. LOOKED clean -- from the outside. We were originally a bit impressed -- they seemed to have a wide selection of interesting and different rolls. Everything seemed a bit expensive, but we're used to the happy hour pricing at 101. We decided to splurge. We ordered at the counter and paid (and tipped) up front. We ordered four rolls and miso soup -- we were hungry! The miso soup came first, and was disappointing. Bland, thin, and a very small portion for $1.50 -- it filled less than half a (small) coffee cup! The rolls came and looked great -- presentation was definitely good. At first taste, though, our faces fell. They were bland, kept falling apart, and didn't taste fresh at all. THEN, a nightmare! I found a hair in the cream-cheese garnish on my roll! SO gross. Friend took it up to the counter to complain, and they DID apologize, sort of, but didn't offer to refund our money. We both agreed that if we hadn't paid up front we would have demanded they take it off of our bill. After that, my appetite was gone, so after sitting for a solid 10 minutes to give them ample time to approach us, we left four barely-eaten rolls on the table and walked out. Overall, even without the hair in my cream cheese, I probably wouldn't have gone back -- the food just wasn't that good.  Good luck if you're thinking about trying it out...
2	This place is kind of lame, honestly.It has a lot of potential, and it's pretty cute and bright and colorful inside. But the food is just not good. The one time I ate here, I had a shrimp tempura roll and something else that I can't remember. The tempura was awful! I'm pretty sure it had been fried hours before I even walked into the restaurant. The crunch-less texture was a total giveaway.There are so many other better, cheaper sushi places in Tempe. Don't even bother with this one.
4	The prices are wonderful. And yes, to the reviewer on March 30th, the store doesn't have a fryer. Try getting some sushi that's not deep fried. Their ingredients are pleasantly fresh, the presentation is good and you get a decent portion for your price. I often avoid local sushi restaurants because I can't get a check under $40 to get a decent meal. This isn't the case at Cafe Wasabi. Please go here. It's not going to have all of the bells and whistles of a full culinary kitchen, a massive staff and a neon bar, but the food's good and well priced. A great local, casual eatery.
4	I work really near this cafe and eat there a couple times a month usually, I love that it is a "mom and pop" type of restaurant; the family that owns it are always extremely happy, gracious, and friendly.  The prices are great, I usually get the Flying High special which has a LARGE Dragon Roll and a yummy salad with avocado and a great dressing.  The green tea is also fantasic.  The decor is cute and bright!
3	This place is interesting.  They have a really large sushi roll menu, (with pictures) which is cool. But they also are home to some wierd sandwhiches such as cheese steaks and paninis.  Wierd, i know.  My friend and I tried the ahi salad, edamame, spicy tuna roll, and one other roll that the name has since faded from my memory.  The salad was great and the edamame came in a large portion, yay! Both rolls were really good as well.  Spicy tuna is hard to mess up but the other roll which was more complicated was tasty, it had a hint of orange. Lovely.
4	Around the corner and down the road from my new place is the bestest sushi place!! Very mom and pop... if mom and pop were into lime green and sleek contemporary decor. Very clean and kinda ackwardly set up, Cafe Wasabi reminds me of Subway... except this is really fresh! I've had the Hawaiian Roll and the Rainbow Roll - both were really good as was the Orange shrimp roll. The nigiri is good - but then again, nigiri is always good. :) Along the counter's sneeze guard are pictures and descriptions of the various rolls available. Some look too exotic to try and others are regular standbys. I can see first timers getting squeemish when they see them on display. One cool touch is the maaaany empty sake bottles that are decorated by the lucky souls that drank them. I have yet to try one myself - but the bottles on the shelves and counter sure look cute.The sushi is good, I never had any stomach problems after eating there and I always leave there happy I came and promising myself that next time I'll try the green tea ice cream... i would - but I'm always too full!!
4	I have been a customer for over 2 years now, since moving down the street. I have always had great service and the sushi has always been wonderful. There are several other sushi spots in the area, but few of them stack up to Cafe Wasabi. The place is small and sometimes crowded but that has never deterred me from going there.
2	Their Sushi is not exactly the freshest, and the staff looked at me strangely when I asked if they had real wasabi.  I am not sure why you would name your restaurant after something you don't serve :(.
3	good sushi, nice atmosphere and the price is right!!!
3	Today actually was my 2nd visit to Cafe Wasabi, the place is pretty interesting. Nice decor, small, with a BIG selection of rolls. (they have pictures of all of their rolls and rice dishes in store) They are not the 'normal' Japanese restaurant you visited, but more of a mixture of different kinds of foods, Japanese and Korean are the main kinds, then they have a small selection of sandwiches and even panini (Italian??), salads, and sake. (that's why it's called Cafe? )You pay right after ordering, like in a fast food restaurant, then go fill your own fountain drink, seat, they'll bring the food to you. I've tried the Grand Canyon roll, the Unagi Crunch roll, and the Udon. The food actually taste good, not that spectacular, but with the price I'm paying, I'm not about to complain!I think this could be a place for your casual lunch/dinner with friends, cheap price, but decent food!
4	NOTE: Cafe Wasabi only gets four stars if you keep it simple. Stick with the fundamentals and stay out of the more...interesting rolls and you will get great value for money.No nonsense, decent quality, decent speed. I actually like the place most because it treats sushi like what sushi is supposed to be: a convenient, simple finger food. Too many Americanized sushi places dress up the rolls and the experience too much - and charge for the unnecessary embellishment.
4	This place is Ok. Lot's of variety and they even have sandwiches. Rolls so far have been nice and tightly rolled and the fish is fresh. They have some real unique rolls too like that crab and fruit roll. It isn't the best sushi I've had, but it is the best nearest to my house. So I like to get a quick fix if I'm heading to the nearby blockbuster. I think I have to go rent a movie soon.
4	I'm always up for a good sushi night, and with Cafe Wasabi so close to home, I tend to go there frequently.  The inside is fairly small, but it is decorated nicely.  It has a contemporary feel which is different from most other sushi restaurants I go to.  I usually order the dragon roll and the spicy tuna roll which I always enjoy.  The service is quick and the food is worth it.  The price is also cheap compared to your typical sushi bar.  I would certainly recommend it to fellow sushi-lovers.
2	As others have mentioned, the sushi is mostly crab mix. We ordered two sashimi and two rolls. The sashimi fish was very cold and still had ice in it! I guess they don't get many requests for sashimi. The dragon roll with eel tasted good and had a nice presentation. Basically, this is a training-wheels sushi place. The variety is limited, although they have many creative rolls - they all amount to the same few ingredients-crab mix, fried eel, shrimp, salmon.Also, a warning. We used a restaurant.com certificate. The fine print includes18% gratuity. No big deal... IF there is a wait staff!! To be charged 18% for ordering at the counter ?!? The gift certificate gets $10 off a $35 purchase, and they charged me $9 for a mandatory "tip". So I saved $1.Between the mediocre quality and the dishonest business practices, they won't be seeing me again!
4	We love sushi and we have been to some of the best sushi places in most of the major cities in the US and Canada. We are always looking for good sushi at a good price. So after getting a discounted gift certificate from restaurant.com we decided to try Cafe Wasabi. It's located in a strip mall but is nicely appointed inside. We spent a good while looking at the countless rolls available which were all pictured across the counter. This is perfect for those people who like to see what they are about to eat. We ordered a several different rolls and nigiri to sample it all. We spent about $70 for a two adults and 2 small kids. Good thing we had that gift certificate. Overall, the sushi was very good and the service was good. Again they have a great selection to choose from and I am looking forward to sampling more of the options.
4	My wife and I went here last night (Thursday) at about 7pm.  The place was pretty dead which was good because I don't like crowds or waiting a long time for my food.The decor of the place is pretty much how all the other reviews on here describe it.  It really is a neat little "sushi cafe".  I didn't much like the ordering process but I guess that is where the "cafe" part comes in.  You aren't seated, given a menu, then free to check little boxes on a piece of paper to let them know what sushi you want.  Instead, you walk up to the counter, look at a menu, and give your order right there.  I felt rushed to give my order as if somebody was behind me waiting to place theirs but there wasn't.  Our cashier/waitress was very nice and patient though.*Sake Bomber = solid and not bad for $6*Octopus Salad = gross and I couldn't eat it.  I was expecting something like what they have at RA but it was far from it.  Instead, it was slices of octopus that tasted super fishy and really nasty.*Edamame = standard*4 random rolls = pretty good but not outstanding.  We didn't order any crazy rolls though.  I still think Ra/Kona are much better for some reason.  I guess its because I think the fish is fresher at the larger more popular places.  I'm really not the biggest fan of strip-mall sushi places, but the sushi here was ok and not bad at all. Anyway, I wasn't expecting this place to be as decent as it was.  I'm not sure I am going to rush back though.  However, if I lived across the street I would be there all the time.We used a $25 Restaurant.com gift certificate we got for like $5 or something so it wasn't a bad deal.  I would highly recommend giving this place a shot but get one of those certificates first.  Oh, and with the certificate they add an additional 18% gratuity which is a bit weird because you wouldn't think you get service because you order everything at the counter.  You actually DO get service because the cashier/waitress brings you your food, clears your plates, and does the other stuff that standard waitresses do, so they deserve a tip.
1	We used the Restaurant.com $25 off of $35 or more... and I still paid over $20 for 1 salad, 1 cup of miso, 3 rolls, 2 iced teas. The beverages were not included in the deal. 18% gratuity (for what?). For $6 more I could have gone to my regular place and got 5 big rolls with lots of fish in them, 2 large bowls of miso, 2 home made iced green teas, and a real sit-down service... I'd not go back to Cafe Wasabi, there was nothing compelling about this place - at all.Food Quality: 2/5 barely averageFood Quantity: 2/5 below average - not much fish in the rolls, what I can easily call slivers of fish on top of rolls.Food Flavor: 2/5 barely average, nothing great.Food Selection: 2/5 below average, they had very few fish types and most rolls had the same stuff in it, just with different sauces. big woop. No nigiri, no handrolls - and they had regular sandwiches... really!?Decor & Service : 2/5 below average, "Cafe" is a good way to describe this place's decor, style, and ordering method. I did not care for it at all.
4	Cafe Wasabi is super close to where I live and family owned. The people aren't the nicest, and you can feel a little nervous under their watch. But the best part about a family owned place like that is the delicious food. I don't particularly like their salads, but for any roll with eel, this place is unbeatable. The teriyaki is decent, but their udon and street vendor style chicken on a stick is to die for. It's a small place, and the atmosphere is laid back. Great place for a second date or a nice lunch with friends.
1	We were also one of the customers who used the restaurant.com coupon. I had been to this place once before and thought it ok enough to return. Both myself and my daughter love salmon sashimi so we ordered it as usual. What they placed on our table was NOT salmon sashimi. It had the look and texture of smoked salmon. We brought it to the attention of the staff. Unbelieveable that they truly believed it was how it was supposed to look. I've had more than my fair share over the years and have never come across such stupidity. How can you serve sashimi to people that has been cooked and is obviously not RAW? So the guy took it back and brought out another serving of the same exact thing. Same conversation again. I finally had him take it back and got the tuna instead which I didn't want but was ok. I can't walk into the place again knowing that their sushi chef can't tell the difference... it's embarrassing for them. Even before the food was served my three year old knocked over a small cup of water. Not one single person on the staff... who by the way weren't doing anything but talking behind the counter, made an attempt to offer us a towel to wipe it from the table or the floor. We tried to get their attention but they ignored us. We finally got up and grabbed towels to clean it up... only when we did this did they take notice. I will never go back to this place.
3	Go here with a discounted restaurant.com coupon and you won't be disappointed.  We used a $35 "certificate" that we purchased for $2 rather than $10 since we entered a 80% off code (try retailmenot.com for codes).  Cafe Wasabi serves a great variety of rolls- some are quite ubiquitous at sushi restaurants (spicy tuna, California), while others have a more exotic and creative flair (Passion fruit roll, which has mango and kiwi, or New Frontier roll, which has bacon in it).  We tried a variety, and while they all tasted good, like other reviewers have noted, they do skimp on the fish part of the sushi, slice it pretty thin, and bulk up the rest of the cheaper ingredients to keep down costs.  As a result, I wouldn't go here and pay full price, but I would definitely eat here again with another coupon.  We ordered 4 rolls and 2 drinks and our total was ~$20 dollars with tax and tip using the coupon.  Note that drinks, even soda, will not be counted towards the coupon.
1	marginal sushi meets uncomfotable seating.  we used restaurant.com coupon and got stuck wtih an 18% tip...with no service, seriously???  felt scammed...think we actually spent more based on that tip than had we just paid full price.  avoid this one, just not worth it.
1	My significant other had a $25 off coupon from Restaurant.com LOL. That could sum up the whole trip. I haven't been to many restaurants that participate with restaurant.com that are decent at all. I mean, I wasn't expecting much coming into this place, I shouldn't have expected anything here.I was in the mood for some red meat, and sushi places do actually have decent dishes like teriyaki chicken and stuff like that sometimes. So, I didn't mind checking this place out since I do like a little bit of sushi on the side. The boolgogee, plain, simply plain. There was a salad with the boolgogee, but it too was plain. There wasn't nearly enough meat to warrant a price tag of $8, because the salad and rice probably didn't cost more than $0.50 to make.Oh, the sushi? All of the sushi we happened to get were either super plain or super spicy. By spicy, I mean that there were just too many tastes going on at the same time and it was too overwhelming. I tried a few bites of the 3-4 different rolls we got. After I tried each roll I thought that I liked it but that the taste was too overwhelming for me to want to try another bite. We paid $18 for the food even after the coupon, and I honestly think that even at the price it might be a bit of a rip off considering you can get cheaper, higher quality sushi at Teharu.This place is a rip-off for sushi in my opinion. Its not good enough to warrant the hefty price tag. The sad part is that the interior is very well done, if the food was actually good this place would be extremely interesting.
1	Disgusting.Have you ever experienced a time where you are just craving sushi, so much that even a philadelphia roll platter would do? If so, have you ever been so revolted you couldn't finish the roll?I hope you haven't. This was my first experience with that and I was left heartbroken and sad and wishing I had never decided to give this place a chance. While the decor is amazing, the menu looks unique and spectacular and even the rolls looked amazingly tempting when I brought them home, the love affair stops there. It's all superficial, and I don't date that type.
1	mostly a rip off. but it's not their fault...entirely. we too had a restaurant.com coupon and yes, still wound up paying 22 bucks for 2 rolls, 2 sashimi, and an octopus salad. yes, the decor is cool (all ikea...they left the stickers on everything). but the sushi is barely average. way better and way cheaper at sapporo, ra, pearl, geisha happy hours. what miffed us the most was the 18% gratuity. sure, we know it's the coupons' fault for adding that, but paying that much gratuity for "counter order" food and not a single follow-up from the staff is absolutely ridiculous. glad this place is more than 5 miles from us so we won't consider it again.
2	Meh. What can I say. It wasn't terrible, but I wasn't impressed. I had a restaurant.com gift cert  to try it out. Normally I don't mind the 18%gratuity that gets added on....but c'mon people. We got our food at the counter.....like McDonalds. What the frig did I just pay an extra 18% for? Ok, so that's not their policy, I understand that. Aside from that, there was a woman who walked around sort of cleaning. She never asked to refill our water and no one came around to ask if the food was any good. It just seemed a little expensive for something that was the equivalent of fast-food sushi. I've seen the decor a hundred times. It's called IKEA. And I already have enough of it in my house as it is. I'm looking for something different! Keep me as a customer! Make me want to return!
3	My girlfriend and I purchased a coupon off restaurants.com and decided to give it a shot after some pretty nasty reviews on yelp!  We got 3 rolls, bulgogi & teriyaki chicken and it was awesome! The rolls were normal size and tasted great!  If you get a coupon off restaurants.com its pretty good.
4	Ok so the only time i come here is with a restaurant.com certificate.. Good deal usually.  The total comes down from $35-50 to $15-25...depending on group size (i'm usually there with 3-5 ppl) not bad, yes it is kinda weird they have you tip 18% there...only because there is no service to tip. You pay and order at the counter..  oh well the sushi maker needs it. The food is great, I always order water everywhere i go, so can't comment on drinks. Oh the green tea sorbet or icecream is yummy! its served in a bowl with 3 scoops, good for up to 4 people maybe..Yes and the decor gets kind of boring after awhile......kinda like a clean institution? ikea, ikea, ikea..............But yeah try it out:)oh and its a pretty small place, not that good for groups.. they have one long table in the middle and a few tables around..
4	Cafe Wasabi is great place to go get some great sushi at reasonable prices.  The atmosphere is nothing special. Quite simple really.  The sushi is great though.  They have same unique rolls and the price is very reasonable. The Wasabi roll is my favorite and only $6. They don't have a happy that i'm aware which is a bit of a bummer.  I  highly recommend Cafe Wasabi.
1	No good. At all. Prices are awful. 1 star for the piped wasabi.
4	I've been here a couple times with friends and again with my daughter. The food is godo for the price. It's not stand on your head spectacular but we've enjoyed it. We have never had to wait long to get our order.The staff has always been very friendly and have always been attentive to our needs. The restaurant is always very clean. We'll be going back again very soon.
1	RUN AWAY. I would of given back the 25 dollar gift card if I could of avoided the food poisoning.
5	This place is a diamond in the rough. Very clean and hospitable. The music is great and at a volume to carry on a conversation. The menu is varied with a lot of new dishes I have never tried before. Great place to take a date or "roll" to on your own.
2	I am a lover, but I also have to be honest.  First off, I give restaurants a chance to make me a satisfied customer before I type up a negative missive.That being said...I love sushi, I enjoy a fresh and inventive roll, know what good sushi grade meat tastes like, and will even spend extra on some good Toro.I have been to this establishment twice because it is minutes away from home (and an extra incentive was the ubiquitous Restaurant.com certificate.)  A great piece of marketing for this little sushi place, but I don't feel that they have taken the feedback to heart.Cons:  Unfriendly staff.  I was almost afraid to tell the lady at the counter that the Dynamite Roll tasted like baked dog food.  Upon doing so, but with a more candid and diplomatic approach, my suspicions were confirmed that my feedback would not be welcomed.  I received no eye contact, a sneer, but an offer to let me order another roll.  No apologies, definitely no smiles, and certainly no questions to ascertain the root of the issue.  No one came to the table to follow up on our orders, to ask if we were enjoying the food, or to offer refills.  So what was the 18% gratuity for that was automatically added to the bill?  When we left the restaurant both staff members were nowhere to be seen, maybe they wanted to avoid thanking us for coming in.  Despite the certificate we had, we still spent over $60 there.Every roll seems to have imitation crab meat, and the sushi grade is sub-par.  We sampled about six different rolls.  Quite frankly the best one was the passion fruit kiwi roll, which only had about four ingredients.  Even a baked shrimp and eel roll that was ordered had imitation crab meat.  Too much rice, not enough ingredients, and they definitely skimped on the sushi.  A $12 order of yellow tail sashimi was also disappointing, as the meat was a cut which none of us had ever seen before.  It certainly did not taste like what we were used to, and we spoke up about it.  The response was that this was just a different cut and it was all they had.  Really?!Pros: Prices are reasonable, average roll is $8.Cafe style so you order at the counter  and your meal is delivered to table.***There are so many wonderful sushi restaurants in the valley, dozens in that area, and I strongly believe that if you want to stay in business as a restaurant you have to offer something unique.  Whether it is the freshness and flavor of your food, or the incredible service that you offer.  Take "Sakana" for instance.  The moment you enter or leave their establishment, the entire staff greets you in Japanese.  You feel like an old friend stopping in for a visit.  Not to mention they have some of the best yellowtail sashimi, and they are generous with the portions.Unfortunately we will never come back here.  The food is lacking in personality about as much as the staff's.
2	I'm not much of a gambler, but when I saw this place open up I thought, "why not." I'll save you from having to ask yourself this by telling you that the food is not good. I ordered a salad and a Las Vegas roll and the salad just never came out. I kept expecting it before my sushi (which I had to choke down), and finally I had to go ask for it. The staff did feel bad, but the place was COMPLETELY EMPTY.I won't be visiting Cafe Wasabi again.
4	I was the only early-afternoon customer when I visited. I got prompt, positive service and a very tasty salmon roll at a fair price.
2	The fish didn't appear to be fresh. No warm rolls.
4	One of my Fav Sushi joints to eat at. I go there for lunch all the time. I have never had this 18% gratuity thing added to my bill so it must be for Dinner only.
2	I had the same problem as other people. I got a coupon off of restaurants.com to get a free $25 even after the free $25 I still had to pay $60 which is crazy because thats really expensive for food. The ordering is at the counter and then you sit down to eat so 18% gratuity is a little outrageous. Also, it said on the coupon that drinks could not make your minimum order, however, the gratuity is added after your drinks. Besides the whole money issue the sushi wasn't even that good. I didn't care for the food regardless of the price. I will not go back to this place.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better" pretty much sums up my experience here tonight. I have a sneaking suspicion that this is the go-to sushi place for people who either A) don't know anything about good sushi or B) have no taste buds and money burning a hole in their pocketI didn't really know what to expect from this place before we arrived. I'd never heard of it before and the only reason we agreed to go was because it was close to my boyfriends house and our friend said it was pretty reasonable in price and quality of food.My boyfriend and I arrived before our friends and we walked to in an almost completely deserted restaurant. There was some really bad techno remixes of popular songs playing in the background and an episode of Dr. Phil on the television. I sat down in one of their ridiculously tall bar chairs while my boyfriend went to grab us a menu we could look over while waiting for our friends to arrive. Most. Uncomfortable. Chairs. Ever! I couldn't have been sitting in it longer than a couple of mins before I had to get up out of it. The seat had an aluminum bar or something all the way around it that dug into my leg after sitting down. It's hard to describe how or why they were so uncomfortable, but if you've been here before you know what I mean. They clearly chose these chairs based on aesthetics alone. Anyway, our friends arrived and we all ordered our food. I decided on getting the ultimate salmon roll and I believe it was called the sun roll. I could be wrong on the name of that second one but it was something close to that. My boyfriend got a couple rolls and we decided to share a plate of tuna sashimi. For the 2 rolls I ordered and the plate of sashimi it was almost $40. My boyfriend got the sunshine roll and a las vegas roll. Those two rolls plus a drink was more than $20. So all together we spent more than $60. I love sushi. I would be more than happy to pay those prices for a plate of delicious fish. But what came out was not what I was expecting for the price we paid. My rolls were pretty, but they were almost inedible. I pretty much choked down the ultimate sushi roll. 2 or 3 pieces into eating it I debated wether or not it was worth finishing. The little tiny bit of smoked salmon that was inside was dry and I could barely taste the fresh salmon that was conservatively layered on top. I moved onto the whatever-sun roll and that was a little bit better but it was still lacking in flavor and texture. The sashimi was just awful. It didn't taste like fish, it almost didn't taste like anything, and the texture of it was really weird. It was almost chewy. My boyfriend and I have been known to just down entire plates of sashimi in less than a min or two, but after one piece he called it quits and it took me the entire rest of our time in the restaurant to finish the plate.The staff was pretty nice, I mean they weren't going out of their way to be pleasant with us but they weren't rude either. All together I'd say this visit and the food was a total failure. I feel like this place's only saving grace is that it's clean and it's in a pretty convenient location. I would have liked to give this place another shot and try another couple of rolls before writing my review, but I was REALLY disappointed with the "food" (I am having a hard time even using that word because it was barely edible) I ordered. It wasn't the worst sushi in the world, but it wasn't anywhere near the best. And with the prices they're charging for these lack-luster rolls, I really don't see myself ever coming back here again.
5	Love love love this place! their sushi is delicious, the people are nice. i love the communal table- we always see friends there.
4	At the time we visited this place it was not busy, yet our sushi were made fresh with what tasted like fresh ingredients.  It's more like your fast food type of place.  It is nicely decorated and the service were friendly.Our order :Teriyaki SalmonPhilly RollVolcano RollUnage Crunch RollIf we were in the area and in the mood for sushi we would visit again.I can't remember all that we ordered but check out the photo's.
4	This is probably one of the best places to get sushi in the valley. This little hole in the wall is hidden sandwiched between a hair salon and starbucks. Don't let the size throw you off, this place is fantastic. They've got all of your classic sushi rolls you'd expect and a few that you wouldn't. Their Sake bomb special is well, bomb. Great prices, and good food. I would stick to their sushi though. The rest of their food is mediocre. The fish is always fresh though, and well worth the price.
3	I have visited this restaurant a handful of times over the last 7 years.  I have always enjoyed it because it's clean, small and not loud.  The sushi is consistently good and they have a great selection. I have two complaints: first,  the staff has no personality.  They don't make an effort to interact with you and make you feel welcome.  Second, it's a little pricey.I was recently there with my 4 year old and she enjoyed it very much.  We will most likely keep going back until we find another small sushi place to go to.
3	We went here for dinner and ordered several rolls and edamame for dinner.  All of the rolls were fantastic and the prices are great.  The only downside to this restaurant were the chairs.  They are painful to sit in and all four of us were extremely uncomfortable... we contemplated standing up for dinner. Groups of two can sit along the wall in the acrylic chairs and have a better chair experience.
2	First time customers. My husband and I ate here for dinner last night. We had a $25 certificate from restaurants.com. Fist impressions of the place was that it is clean, modern in decor and has a large menu selection. We ordered two rolls, one order tuna sashimi and the kirin sake bomber special. The sashimi was okay. Plating was clean and the color / appearance of the tuna was nice. The portion size and cut was adequate. However it lacked the flavor and texture that I'm used to. I'm not sure if that is because the quality was substandard or not. The rolls were pretty much the same way. The presentation was nice but the flavor was lacking. The chairs at the main table were very uncomfortable. Service was attentive and friendly. Overall it was okay. I think I would rather go somewhere else though and have a more flavorful experience.
4	Great sashimi, teriyaki and miso soup...  Cozy, a bit trendy and clean.  Great option in the Tempe/Mesa/Gilbert area.  Family owned, phenomenal service and food to die for.
5	Stopping in for a quick & quiet lunch, I am always delighted with the Sashimi & Seafood salad, with the most delicious soy sauce "dressing" I've ever tasted. I try to stop by here whenever I am in the area, maybe once or twice a month. The food is flavorful, good value & the staff are friendly and eager to give a good experience.
5	Sundays they close early
1	Had a bizarre and horrible experience here the other night. I went for sushi with a friend about an hour and a half before they're supposed to close, on a Friday night. When we stepped in there was no one to greet us, and all the unoccupied seats were yet to be bussed with dirty dishes everywhere. We figured they might be playing catch up, so we sat down on a couch waiting for a spot to open. Another couple came in and went to the counter, where they had their order taken. We got up and followed their lead, but once we had decided what we wanted we stood at the register for over 5 minutes before a person making rolls behind the counter told us they were "very busy" and any food we ordered would probably take more than an hour. This was after we had been milling about the restaurant waiting for a hint of service for almost 30 minutes, before essentially being turned away. Maybe the food is as good as the other reviewers say, but it's not worth fighting for the staff's attention before being rudely denied service.
4	A friend and I were in the mood for sushi a few days ago, and CW is really close to my house, so we decided to try it out.  We walked in, and the place was small, but tidy, and set up with a few tables in a row along one wall, with one long communal table in the middle of the room. It's sort of halfway between a sit-down place and a fast food place. You place your order for sushi at the counter, then take a seat, and they bring it out to you.  There are a TON of different sushi options.  My friend and I ordered the Las Vegas roll, the Philly roll, and the Shrimp Tempura roll, as well as a dish of edamame to nibble on while we waited. The sushi we had was a fantastic quality, and it rivaled the quality of my other 2 favorite sushi restaurants. I was thrilled with the LV roll and Shrimp Tempura roll.  The Philly roll was good as well, but I like my sushi with some crunch, so it's not a huge favorite of mine to begin with, so it's hard to rave about it, but my friend loved it, except they put a drizzle of sour cream over the top of the roll, which he wasn't sure if he liked or not.  But, all ingredients were fresh, the tempura crunchy, portion sizes were between normal and generous, I'd say. Some places make really small rolls, others bigger. This place makes them a little bigger. Prices were standard for sushi. My LV roll was $9.95, and the other two rolls were $7.95-$8.95, I believe.   I spent about $25-27 for 2 rolls, the edamame, and a drink. I will definitely be back. I really liked this place.
4	Quiet lunch with great menu options.  I like to think of myself as health conscious so I usually order the salad/roll combos. The price is reasonable.  The salad is fresh and good size and every dressing I've had is delicious. The rolls are yummy. I am a "basic" sushi kind of gal so a good spicy tuna or rainbow roll makes me happy and this place has it. You can also Belly-up which offers a frequent flier type of rewards system...I'm always a fan of being a valued customer. Friendly staff always greets me as I walk in and thanks me when I leave. My favorite fast yummy lunch time spot...and Starbucks on the side makes a nice combo for a midday caffeine pick me up.
5	Stopped in for a early dinner, ordered a Caterpillar, Grand Canyon, and Shrimp  roll with a Teriyaki Chicken Entree and Gyoza dumplings as our starter. Service is quick and polite. Tables and area is quiet and tidy. Sushi rolls are reasonably priced at about 9 dollars, quality is good as the fish never tastes old or frozen. The entrees provide good value but the starters are a little expensive. Would recommend whole heartedly. Definitely a must-have if you're nearby and would travel here if I didn't live right across the street.
1	When we pulled up we had doubts but decided to be open minded,To say I was disappointed would be an understatement. The service was beyond horrible. Staff was some of the most unfriendly people I have ever encountered. The food took a unreasonably long time to come out and was under par to say the least. Let's just say that if I was offered a free meal here I would kindly reject. Save your money and time and skip out on cafe wasabi.
1	I went there with coupon from restaurant.com. As soon as the cashier(older lady) saw that she gave me attitude. She's not friendly more of the mean side, never smile. It seems like she doesn't care about customer at all. The food was alright not the best. The sushi rolls had lots of rice, just a little of fish. The service was very poor. She didn't even say thank you. By the way she charged me 18% gratuity for my take out order.
4	I love Cafe Wasabi because it's where I go to eat when I can't think of anywhere to eat. I wouldn't choose this restaurant if I wanted a swanky sushi experience, but it does have its own virtues. It's very quiet and clean inside, the staff doesn't bother with small talk (I'm in the restaurant business, so when I eat out in my free time the last thing I want to do is bs with people) and the food is straight-forward, no frills, Americanized sushi. Also, the prices are amazing. I'm a big fan of the combos that include a roll and a salad- perfectly light in the middle of the day.
3	This isn't bad sushi, not by long shot. The place is clean as well, and you're not going to get sick here. That said. This is not $$ sushi.It's nothing write home about. Again, not bad, but it's not great, it's just good. I'm sure they would argue that you're paying for the cleanliness and atmosphere. But even then it doesn't warrant the prices. Would I recommend it? Not likely. Will I come back? Probably.If it was a tad bit cheaper it'd earn itself another star. So it's almost there, but not quite.
4	I like this place! The staff is nice, the location is clean and cute, and the food's good.
4	Great food a little bit pricy and uncomfortable seats.  My youngest always gets the classic California Roll my oldest gets the Dragon Roll.
4	Looking for a quick sushi fix ! This place is great ! Salads are fresh & healthy too!They also have saki & Japanese beers .. So it's a full sushi experience . Kinda quiet during the day ..but not because they ain't good;)
2	I'll get straight to the point.Got a $25 off restaurant.com voucher.Pro:The restaurant is very clean, you won't get sick eating here. Health inspection is an A.Sushi and the food's presentation looks great!Extremely short wait times, the moment you ordered, the food came out shortly after.Paying special notes to the vegetables, its very fresh.Wasabi is extremely spicy compared to other restaurants offering wasabi.Cons:Not a full service restaurant but charges required 18% tip.No customer service, no drink refills or anything like that.Food was okay, it's a tad overpriced. Ordered a few plates of food. It's a tad bland.
5	I absolutely love this place! The scenery is absolutely beautiful. The staff is very nice and eager to cater to every customer. Everything I've tried here is amazing. It's really quaint but I love it!
2	I've gone here since they opened as I live in the neighborhoods.  Quality & service continues to decline. Called tonight at 8:27 (Friday with posted hrs to 9pm ) & guy answering said kitchen closed at 8:30. I informed him that it was 8:27. I will never go back. I will drive to downtown phoenix to Harumi sushi. Much better quality. Worth the drive.
2	The spicy yellowtail roll was decent, the lunch special baked salmon wasn't good. The salAd was weak sauce.. Restaurant is too quiet n the service could've been more enjoyable.. I'd go somewhere else next time I crave sushi
1	They forgot one of my rolls they took forever. Not impressed!!! Unbelievable and then they but the wrong sauce on the roll! What r u doing?
1	Firstly, they don't sell sushi. They have a lot of sushi rolls (most with Krab and cream cheese..only in AZ and Rocky Point) and a small selection of sashimi. NO nigiri sushi. I've dealt with owners/cashiers who don't smile upon greeting, but I've never had my money (it's pay up front..they pre-add the tip) taken with such disdain. I'm paying you good money, I'm friendly and smiling and about to eat your food..What is the problem?? They must have looked long and hard to find the most uncomfortable chairs ever made. The seats sag so your thighs rest on a thin metal bar. It's a casual place in theory but the atmosphere at dinner was just plain weird, silent and uncomfortable. The rice weak, the teriyaki watery bland, the portion of salmon undersized and edging towards dry. Not for me.
1	Got a restaurant.com coupon so decided to try this place. The restaurant is small with a long common table down the middle and a few two tops on the side.The best part of the meal was the squid salad appetizer. Good portion and tasty. Things went south from there.The rice for the sushi was very bland. The yellowtail sashimi was a major rip off. Fish was frozen and such a tiny portion for the price. Their namesake roll, the wasabi roll had this really funky tasting sauce on it. I don't know what it was but just left a horrible aftertaste.
2	Walked in on a Saturday evening and the place is empty. Totally empty, save for the guys working. Not a good sign. Perhaps it was that the fact that their sign wasn't working. But perhaps that assumption is too kind.   You order at a cash register after looking at the menu and pictures of the rolls taped to the glass of the sushi bar. Kind of makes ordering difficult if you want to take your time perusing the menu. At least the place was empty and we didn't feel rushed.   We ordered edamane, dumplings, and miso to start. The edamane was a bit too salty. The dumplings were fried, crispy, and fairly tasty. I didn't have the miso, but my sister-in-law and daughter were not impressed. They said it tasted like the instant kind you can buy at a grocery store.    We tried a few rolls next. The vegan friendly caterpillar roll was ok. It was too saturated in the sauce though, which made it fall apart the instant you tried to pick it up. The Hawaiian roll was totally bland. I couldn't even tell you what was in it. The spicy California roll was indeed spicy. That's about all I can say. The spider roll was pretty good.    This is the deal. You pay more than you should for small, subpar portions of bland food. The restaurant tries to be trendy and sleek with its decor, but when the ordering is set up like a fast food place... well yeah. It kind of kills whatever ambiance the place could have.   2 stars because I didn't get food poisoning. But that certainly isn't enough to make me want to go back.
1	I have given this place 3 tries and they just suck.   It is expensive paper thin average fish and no personality.   Save your time and money.  Go anywhere but here.
