2	I was here randomly with my step-uncle one day.  It's a low key place with some interesting folks.  Mostly of the 40+ age group.  Drinks are cheap.  As far as I know, most people come here for the off track betting.  Although, I also heard the pizza is good.
4	I've been here several times - some days it's packed and other days you'll only see a few regulars. The biker crowd seems to like this place and the sports fans of course. The owners are very nice and friendly and it seems they practically live at this place. The drinks are priced good and they have some nice breakfast specials too. The pizza is really good as well. We ordered the super jumbo pizza for my husbands birthday and it barely fit in the trunk of my car - if you want the WOW factor at a party; order one of these. I posted a pic of my husband holding one of the monster pizza's so you have an idea of what to expect.
4	A while back, I had tried the meatball sandwich and remember really enjoying the sauce so when the opportunity presented to watch the Super Bowl, walking distance from home, and enjoy a pie, I was all about it! Let me just say: Remarkably good pizza for a divey sports bar! Our server was really nice and the prices are great! They're a fun bunch, too! Super Bowl festivities included a pool, and food and drink specials based on the game (see uploaded photo). In addition to $6 mini-pitchers of beer, we indulged in ASU girl shots which are awesomely served in a pee cup! There's always the opportunity for off track betting here and, it appears from the tables stacked in the bathroom, an occasional poker game.
4	The owner is an East Coast and ASU guy and is a riot. Bartenders are nice, service is good, sometimes can get a bit slow when it's crowded but that wouldn't drive me away., They have bands playing there now on occasion and that seems to draw in a crowd. Oh, and did I mention they have $1 jello shots?
5	Lurking within this dive bar is a FANTASTIC PIZZERIA.  House made sauce, pies as big as 26" perfect for parties and wings that my family loves.  they have pizza and wing specials - good prices and yummy food!
5	Awesome find! We have been looking for a neighborhood bar since we just moved and have found our new spot. The bartender (we can't remember her name) was so friendly and welcoming. We would come back just because of her. But the food was good too. They have a typical bar menu, but they have grilled wings which can be hard to find. They were delicious. We definitely plan on making this a regular spot
3	Pretty nice dive bar actually! I liked that they had so many dart boards and enough TV's to satisfy your football craving. The food was good, simple and well priced. I would highly recommend they have an additional waitress/bartender for the football crowd.  While it was not busy when we arrived, it slowly picked up and we had to walk up to the bar to ask for another drink and our check, and I believe the owner was sitting down the entire time? We will be back again though!On a side note-I would not recommend this place for a ladies night , definitely bring a man or 2 with you!
3	Had a @groupon, went to have breakfast.The prices were not bad, but the specials were high enough that the groupon wasn't a great value.The food was decent enough, and I would likely return.
3	A bar experience I'd expect.  Good service, drinks, and Fantastic cheese curds.  The rest of the food was good enough.  We went here because of a yelp deal and will probably return again.  Probably won't order the pizza or wings but plenty big menu to try something different.  Also some how, I was gifted four pretty sweet beer glasses based on my bar order.  Thanks Big Daddy's!
5	Love the pizza! Awesome service! Perfect sports bar.
4	We frequent Big Daddy's. Sports bar food is supposed to be good. Here, it is great. Huge variety and mostly "homemade" and fresh. Their bread is made daily and is really good. You can't go wrong with the burgers (2nd quarter, 1/2 pounder with all the trimmings-my favorite for under $5! Wednesday and Saturdays) 3 kinds of fries, and the deep fried mushrooms are delish. How about a 28" pizza and wings? Big Daddy's specials are the bomb! Lots of cold beer and yep, lots on draft. You can watch 25 TV's, games you can't get anywhere else (PAC-12), OTB and much more. Oh, they cater too.
5	I just wanna say .  The owner saved my ass!!!! Inlaws flew in from Mexico City to be with there daughter .. Came to fine out my father inlaw wanted to see the World Cup!! We have no tv service at hm, and as soon as we got hm. He was pissed of thinking of not watching the games. So, just drove around near are house .. Sure enough this place was open at 9am.. Lol Father inlaw jumped out of the truck and rushed into this place.,  he said.. Yes!!!!! They have the games on!! So all of us went in,thinking it was going to be boring..not at all!! Crown royals,lg beers,chicken wings( chicken wings taste much better on the grill!!!) and hamburgers we were sitting on the far left side were the games were not being watched on.. Only on the right side, I asked the big guy if he can switch the games on the left side(but in Spanish) he said no problem.. 4mins later.. We had both games on are screens.. We went all week to watch the games. Awesome place...great fast service !!!  Thanks big guy!!
5	Amazing service!! Bartender was hilarious, she was extremely  busy but managed to always have my drink full. I came in after a bad day at work and am having a blast. Looks like they have a Texas hold em game going.  Will definitely be making this a regular spot. Wonderful deep fried mushrooms. I have to come back when I am hungry to try the rest! !
5	Big Daddy's is always delicious.  My favorite is the Time Out turkey burger.  You can order it with just about any topping, as with all the burgers.  I get it with jalapenos and American cheese.  The buns are soft yet grilled so you bite in and it smushes down with your burger just right.  My boyfriend enjoys the ribs, sandwiches, chicken strips, fries and whatever special is on the board.  Another bonus is the new gaming tablets from Buzz Time.  We played some free poker with others across the bar while we ate at our table.  It was really fun to have a game at the table while eating.  We plan on doing the Trivia next.  The beers are always cold and there is a good selection on tap.  Employees are friendly, prices are low, and you might even spot Big Daddy himself there mingling with the customers who are also really easy going and welcoming.
5	Went in for living social deal. 16" 2 topping pizza, 25 wings, and small pitcher of beer. Thought the pizza was good, wings were over cooked, dry, and tough. Sauces we got were the suicide - which for my taste wasn't to terribly hot!!  The teriyaki - which was bottled sauce, nothing great. And garlic Parmesan, had absolutely no flavor. Considering the distance from our house we would probably not be going back. Nothing memorable here!!
2	My boyfriend and I visited Big Daddy's for lunch on a Thursday.   The restaurant is out dated and dingy on the inside.  There were only a handful of other patrons in the place when we arrived.  The waitress/bartender was not attentive or friendly to us at all even though she was not busy.  It almost felt as though we were bothering her.  The food took awhile to come out but was not too bad as far as bar food goes.  Would we return to Big Daddy's?   Probably not.
4	This is an ok place to hang out.  They have great tv's, pretty good food and off track betting that I have tried a couple times.  This is a Browns bar and While a Lions fan I do root for the Browns.  It has a much more local feel to it.  The staff has very limited turn over and I went there about 5 times in November but when I went back about a month later the bartender asked if I wanted a Blue Moon which is my favorite.  That is pretty neat.
