5	This place has been in the valley since my Dads family first moved here and it has always been delicious and reasonably priced. It's best to order your food and pick up later however since the resturant tends to be quite noisy. It is Definitely worth the drive (glendale area).
5	Popo's is not a place you know about, but one of those places someone takes you to.   I've been going for 10 years now with my fellow co-workers.  When we go we could all order for one another.  My choice is almost always the Machaca taco and a side of beans.  Don't forget to ask for the "hot" salsa as well.  My company has taken every President or Vice President that has time for lunch to this establishment when they visit Phoenix.    They have all been impressed.  That's saying a lot when you work for a fortune 150 company and your visitors travel extensively.    This is truly a hole in the wall worth visiting.  Oh, yeah, they also cater....and it's good too!
2	Oh my poor tummy.. why oh why did I do this to myself?! The name of this place should have been called PooPoo's!! All 3 of us were pretty sick the morning after.. it wasn't pretty let me assure you! The service here is great! Very friendly and fast.. the food well.. was hit and miss. The rolled quesadilla was pretty tasty.. a huge flour tortillas rolled with steak, peppers and cheese.. oh delish! Was thinking I would actually come back for this one. Then my red chile burro came.. looked great, nice and big covered in enchilada sauce.. then I took a bite expecting spicy goodness.. was bland and was almost all sauce, next to no meat what-so-ever.. you know how much I love meat! Dave took a bite and whispered to me "it tastes like cat food".. he's so wring sometimes and I thought I was crude..Seemed everyone here was ordering fajita's.. if I ever go here again (very unlikely, bad tummy sickness and way far) I would try those.. the smell was fantastic!!
4	I was craving some mexican food last Saturday and remembered seeing the reviews on this place and wanted to check it out and I am very glad that I did.This place was delicious and authentic and the absolute best part is that the have 99 cent margaritas on Saturday and Tuesday ALL DAY !!!!!  I was in heaven. This is just the house margarita...but hell...for that price you can not go wrong.We had the mini platter that came with tacos, flautas, chimichangas, a big tamale, tostada, and rice and beans. It was all delicious ( wehad our with the machaca). We also ordered a bowl of the Albondigas soup and it was sooo yummy !! Chips and salsa were great too !! We had the fried ice cream for dessert...nothing spectacular...just fried ice cream...but good anyway.The service here was friendly, fast, and very attentive. I will definetly bo back here and would recommend it to you all !!!
5	been going here forever and always go back, even got married there in the dining room with all the family i have going here with all along. one of those neighborhood treasures you grow up with and still go back to the 'hood for.
3	I thought this was a little secret that I was going to keep for myself, but since a few others have spilled it, I should add my review. Popo's is a west side institution. When i needed to get my auto-brakes done, i asked someone at work where to go. They told me about a repair shop and the directions to find the place were, "it's over by Popo's." It was that way about a lot of things.... They were always at the same intersection as Popo's.... or right next to Popo's.... or down the street from Popo's. When i asked what Popo's was, i would get open eyed stares.... in the community where i work, not knowing about Popo's is unthinkable.... so... off we went after work one day. To say that the place is unpretentious is an understatement. From the outside, the place looks downright seedy. The building looks as if it is half vacant... the far end of the row of shops houses a drive through liquor store... and you get the feeling that it is that way because the parking lot is unsafe. Don't be fooled. It may look like a page out of Urban Blight magazine, but the people i have met in that neighborhood are warm, and friendly, and you are perfectly safe. I say this because, now.... when i take friends there for lunch, the usual response as we turn in the parking lot is a very leery "Where are you taking meeeee!?!?!" All the looks of fear and suspicion disappear once we go in... and by the time they have had their first mouthful of fundido, they are hooked on Popo's forever. The margaritas are huge and happy hour prices are cheap... My favorite is the frozen raspberry, or just a normal unfrozen margarita. I think I'm the minority because most of the ones delivered to my table are usually strawberry. They have a good selection of beer as well. Of all the appetizers, I LOVE LOVE LOVE the Queso Fundido... the one with spinach is to die for. At this moment, I'm drooling at the thought, and considering going there tonight. Sometimes I'll go wild on chips and have the fundido for my meal. My favorite entree there is the seafood enchilada, despite it being made of krab vs. crab. There are many levels of dining and i consider this "fun dining" as opposed to "fine dining" so while i rarely excuse the use of fake seafood, i will make an exception here. Second to that, i like the spinach enchilada, the tacos, and almost any kind of fajita they have. I've never had their red tamales but the green ones are tasty. I've never gotten a burro but friends have... and they go back for more. I don't know if they have entertainment every night, but last Friday they had a Mariachi band wandering through the place. It was great for my group of friends because we were having a send off dinner for a friend who is moving to Florida.... and of course, we took the obligatory photo of her with the mariachi band when they got near our table. Popo's is great for groups. The place is fun and friendly. I've never had a bad experience there... and since it's Cinco de Mayo, i just might be there tonight.
3	Had another great meal at PoPo's on Saturday. I took off one star for 2 things. #1: almost all of our silverware was dirty..very dirty #2: The 99 cent margarita gave me a sour belly..too much sweet & sour
3	I'm an adventurous restaurant goer and savor the thrill of a new find, so when my Mom's friend (whose credibility was heightened by herself being Mexican) said you've got to try Popo's we drove the 20 miles with open minds and hungry stomachs.  We knew it wasn't going to look like the Taj Mahal from the outside so no disappointment there when it appeared inconspiculously on the west end of a tiny strip mall.  However, when we went inside it was truly a pleasant surprise.  We were instantly intercepted by two friendly hostesses who gave us friendly smiles and pleasant hellos.  Then we looked around and saw the place was really well designed.  Beautiful interior, flat-screen TV's all over the place (bonus), beautiful tile floors and just a generally well-kept appearance.  I bolted for the men's room before being seated (after all, it was a long drive) and for those of you who have eaten at a lot of Mexican restaurants know the restroom is not always highly anticipated.  It was immaculate, had a granite countertop and hands-free everything.  Another bonus.  We sat down to the usual greeting of chips and salsa and our table of three unanimously agreed the chips were delicious and thin and crispy and the salsa was fresh-tasting, flavorful and with just enough heat to let you know you're alive.  I ordered the seafood enchiladas and was decidedly disappointed.  It wasn't bad, it just lacked a certain richness that makes a dish like that really sing.  My Mom got a chile relleno and taco---my parents are both relleno fans---and again something was missing.  It seemed like the batter was not prominent enough and thus lacked full flavor.  The taco, however, was killer.  The machaca beef was delicious and the shell was appropriatley greasy, lending to a nice hardy bite.  My Dad ordered a beef tamale which came nicely stuffed (lots of places you can't find the filling) but it was dry and lacked any real flavor.  He also had a cheese enchilada which was decent.  I must comment that my Mom makes THE BEST Spanish rice you'll ever eat and so we're constantly surprised at how much of an afterthought rice is at Mexican restaurants.  Not so at Popo's.  While it's not as good as dear old Mom's, it was the best I've had out at a restaurant.  Why?  It had flavor!  I tasted garlic and crushed tomato that to me makes it so good.  The beans were also excellent and flavorful.  Service was friendly and attentive.  I don't think I'll drive out of my way to go back but I would certainly eat there again and try different dishes.
4	Popo's has been around forever and it certainly looks the part. The neighborhood ain't great and the strip mall it's located in looks awfully scary at certain times of night, but it's definitely worth the risk.The best days to visit are definitely Tuesdays and Saturdays, when they serve $.99 margaritas. While not the greatest margaritas in the world, you can actually taste the tequila and for $.99, you don't have much to lose. Generally, I get a chicken chimichanga or red chili burrito, both of which are solid and filling choices. If I'm heading over on a Saturday, I'll get a bowl of their red menudo, which is by far the best red menudo I've ever had. The chili has a nice kick, but overall it's a more subtle flavor than is generally found in a bowl of red. Works great as a late-night accompaniment to a margarita.The staff are all pretty friendly and in the decade I've been going here, there hasn't really been a whole lot of employee turnover. It can be kind of a chore to get a seat on certain days, due to the customer traffic, and the parking lot is a pain in the butt, but if you're a west-sider with an appetite for Mexican food, Popo's should be in your itinerary.
3	Dear Popo's,   If I had a stomach made of steel and a titan digestive system I would just love you until you overflooded with love.Unfortunately I do not, and every time I come back from a scrumtious meal from you I am full of heartburn and have a tummy ache all day long :(Okay, away from my own selfish additives, here is the low down on Popo's Mexican Food:Popo's is located in a small strip mall, so keep you're eyes peeled because it's easy to miss! It is a classic for west Phoenix residents and has created a permanent buzz. Right when you walk in the staff greets you and serves you like the pros they are. This establishment has stood it's ground and kept a huge amount of loyals for years upon years. The food is served in beyond generous portions. Mountains of guacamole, sour cream and meat are piled onto the dish. Beans are rice are given an extra flair with this way-better-than-average salsa and cheese. The meat is so flavorful and juicy it's sure to be remembered.Overall, the food is really good! However, if you are not use to eating heavy portions and extra fried food, it can be a bit rough on you. I would give Popo's four stars but due to the stomach ache and heartburn I had the rest of the day afterwards, I had to deduct a star.If you are into big and yummy meals and have no limitations on portions and fats, then this place will be you're wonderland ;)
5	I've been eating at this restaurant for over 25 years. They serve the BEST mexican food in town. HANDS DOWN! The atmosphere is great for families or a date night!The parking situation can sometimes be "interesting" and the area isn't the BEST part of town... but well worth it!
5	As visitors to Phoenix this past weekend, our group decided we wanted some delicious Mexican cuisine. We found a review for this place online and drove about 20 minutes (to what seemed like BFE) and finally arrived with hungry bellies. We were greeted by all 5 of the ladies standing near the entrance who seated us quickly. Our waitress arrived at our table quickly for our drink orders and was quite helpful. My only complaint about the service is that my friend's father wanted to try their $4 Rita-tini (?) that was advertised on the wall that was made with 3 Amigos Tequila. When he asked for the $4 special, we were told it was strictly for happy hour. The sign itself said absolutely nothing about happy hour - and the only reason I mention this is because every other sign in the bar that offered a drink special -only for happy hour- designated that clearly on the sign. The waitress wasn't amused when he jokingly asked if she could make an exception. Our meals were simply delicious. The carne asada was easily the best carne asada I've ever had, and being from Southern California I would like to think we have quite the selection. I personally ordered a 2 Chicken Tacos plate, which included rice and beans. The chicken was cooked differently from any other place I have ever been to, it was incredibly juicy and surprisingly flavorful. I couldn't pin point exactly what the other people at my table had ordered, but we were all settling into food comas shortly after commencing our delightful lunch (which wasn't the best thing considering we all had a 5 hour drive to make back to California).If I ever find myself in Phoenix again, or even somewhere remotely close by- I would definitely stop in for another meal.
5	Been eating here on and off since 1982. My favorite Mexican food restaurant in Phoenix
4	A girl friend & I went to this place based on the rave reviews of a coworker. When we parked we thought about maybe reconsidering our decision because it didn't look quite that appealing. Thank goodness we stayed! As soon as we walked in the yummy smell hit us. The place is simple, nothing fancy, but the food is good (we shared a sampler, which filled us both to the brim), reasonably priced & the Cadillac Margaritas are STRONG. The waitress was very nice & didn't rush us when it was closing time,,,,, it took us a while to finish those Margaritas, lol. If you have more than 1 I have 2 words for you. Designated Driver :)Great place to come for a casual dinner or lunch with coworkers or friends. Not a place to take a date if you're trying to impress them :) It's in a strip mall with limited parking, on some days I've heard you have to be there early to get a parking space & a table. We went late on a Friday night & had no issue with either though.
4	Love Popo's! Used to come here all the time when I lived in Phoenix way back in the 80's.  Love just about everything---great machaca.  Now whenever I visit relatives in Phoenix, I always make them take me here as soon as I hit town!  Glad to see it's lasted all these years..
5	This one is easy...PoPo's is the real deal, straight up.It's been a institution for 46 years; I first ate there back in 1980.  This is classic, Nana's style Sonoran food.  I noticed that there are some reviewers here that rave about it but only rate it at 3 stars...por que?  Heed not any naysayers. You don't stay in business for half a century making bad Mexican food in a town saturated with Mexican restaurants. It requires no further explanation; no "this was good but that was bland." "It's a shady part of town." "Parking is wack!".  It's a given that it's in Maryvale, the lot is small and in 46 years some individual dishes here and there are bound to be misses.  Just go there, order what looks good and you'll see for yourself why this place keeps packing them in year after year.
1	I I tried Popo's Mexican in Glendale, AZ at the new location off of Bell Rd. I will never return again. Horrid service, and the food was sub-par. Fried beans were microwaved, chicken tasted like water, and no cheese with the Fajita? What is everyone raving about? What a terrible restaurant.
4	Yeah back in the day I would have rated a 8. I have been going here since my parents were carring me in the restaurant. It used to be much smaller until they bought the bar next door and expanded. Then they opened another in mesa and now on bell rd. As many people know the bigger the restaurant gets the less it is like the mom n pop joins I LOVE. Also I used to go there many moons ago and eat the WONDERFUL chips and salsa and tuesday or saturday $0.99 margaritsa and walk out with a $5 dollar tab. Now you must order a combo plate or a min of 7or 8 bucks to qualify for the 99cents margarita. I usually stick with the happy hour $3 dollar margarita and chips n salsa.  Dont get me wrong I still eat here. :) Happy eatingGood eats here:chicken fajita burroquesadillachimichangafajita
5	For those of you with a cast iron stomach, you'll do well. For the rest of us mortals, well, I suggest staying near the bathroom the next day. Sounds horrible, but it really isn't. The food is really, really good. The portions are ridiculous, and they are not afraid to toss half a pound of cheese on your plate. Of course, you'll pay for it the next day, but its worth it. The spinach enchiladas are great, although I have no idea what that Baja sauce is, since its buried under a mountain of cheese.
3	Nothing stood out for better or worse, such that I  would not seek it out nor would I reject going backBig portions for a decent price, but again, kinda run of the mill.
4	Great service and delicious Mexican food.  Everything is served with lots of cheese...yummy! Love the sopapillas with honey too.
4	Always Consistent. If a restaurant can't nail down consistency...what's the point? Knowing what you're getting when you go is a plus. This place has been here for a long time. There used to be a Popo's Too on the east side until it sadly closed down. My sister and I were not happy campers. But low and behold the original is still alive and well and kickin' great dishes EXACTLY LIKE THEY DID ON THE EAST SIDE! Again, consistency. The owner is always present and taking checks, seating guests and that again is an added bonus. Everything is fresh, the rice is great, unlike most places here where it's just starchy and gross and the medium salsa is always yummy. Request the hot salsa as well...it's not overly hot and quite frankly not sure why it's their "hot" salsa but regardless-it's deliscious. I had the El Pollo Especial except I ordered it not fried and with Machaca beef...and they were of course accomodating. The jalepeno cream cheese they top it with is well, excessive, however a little goes along way and I'll be eating the other half for dinner. If you get the opportunity to go, go. The margaritas are also quite yummy and who can go wrong with $.99 ritas for happy hour. Just wish they were closer to Scottsdale!
3	I hate to say it, but my recent 5 star review is coming down.  Why?  Well,  something bad is going on at Popo's.  On our last two visits we were underwhelmed with the service and the very last time we went (only 3 days ago) the food was sub-par as well.  We know they are in the process of opening a second location and hope that this sudden decline in awesomeness is due to that situation.  Don't know, but until things improve, I'm gonna not drive out of my way to visit.  Such a pity, as this place had amazing Sonoran style Mexican food.  My favorite thing on the menu was their incredible authentic rice which was undercooked and just plain not good on Friday night.  My next favorite thing is their salsa which tasted fine but was not properly prepared (huge chunks of uncleaned peppers and big pieces of cilantro) so it was off putting.  Oh, please, will the Mexican Food Gods of Phoenix not let Popo's suffer the same failures as so many of their sister/brother mexican/american restaurants have suffered?  Seems like once they expand, the thing that made them so fantastic in the first place is lost forever.I'm gonna go sit in the corner and cry awhile.
5	The best mexican food in the whole state, possibly the world. I crave it and have been going there since I was born! I love their salsa and the service is always great!(except on the bell location, bunch of teenagers with zero service skills, they need to send the girls over there to teach them) They do deliver for orders over $100.00... Which is great when I order party trays for them. Bottom line, I would live there if I could :)
5	Popo's is as good as it gets for Mexican food here in the west valley. The food is flavorful and relatively well priced. The atmosphere is decent, though there is frequently a line during the busy times. They portions are humungous, I have yet to walk away without a doggy tray. Every time I go I try something new and I have yet to be disappointed. I've been to both locations, 67th and Indian School and the new one on 59th and Bell and both are the exact same food wise. My favorite thing I have tried there so far is the Machaca enchiladas. Highly recommended to anyone looking for a good sit down Mexican meal!! Just remember to bring your appetite, your gonna need it :)
4	When someone mentions Mexican for lunch, I just figure it's gonna be another 'berto's, but not this time!Popo's is NOT easy to find and I almost drove right by it. It's in a little strip mall on the north side of Indian School. I didn't realize there was parking in back, but there are a few in front and I was lucky enough to find one. We got a HUGE booth! The whole place is pretty spacious and the seating is super comfy. I always ask for a booth. I don't know why, but I love a booth.I had a combo of a chili relleno, enchilada and rice and beans. Everything was fresh, if a little greasy. There was a puddle of grease under my rice, but I didn't care much because I was eating Mexican food. We got chips and salsa right as we were seated. Service was quick during out entire meal. We ended up staying after our server left (it was one of those lunch meetings with 4 people who like to talk a LOT and we had to get our tab and pay so our server could leave) and nobody gave us any hassle for staying a couple hours.I really liked the bathrooms! Super clean, without that damn southwest decor. I reallllllllly hate kokopellis and cacti and whatever else makes up the southwest theme. Hate. Blech!The prices were a couple dollars higher than what you'd normally see, but it was fine since the quality of food was really good. Oh, and I was speaking Spanish to the hostess but apparently she didn't speak it. Whoopsie!
4	Good food, fast service, a lot of food, we had to get to go containers (not normal for us)
5	Way better then the new location! Have been going here for 12 years!
5	I LOVE this place, the freshly made salsa is always amazing, the food is great and I you get a lot of food for your money. I used to live only 15 minutes away and loved going, now I moved all the way to Gilbert, and I still try and make the drive once in a while to get my fix on Popo's. I recommend this place to friends and family.
5	How have I not reviewed this place?I am pretty ashamed of myself for that and its a disservice to you my readers. I apologize!!!This place is in the Maryvale area of Phoenix. They have fantastic daily specials, especially on Tuesday and Saturday. Why you ask? Good Question! 1.00 Margaritas with purchase on an entree limit 4 per person. Frozen or on the rocks and they are tiny. (Granted they are not the 1/2 gallon bucket glasses but 2 of them and I am happy, 4 of them and I am time traveling!)Now for the food. Best. Mexican. Food. In. Arizona.I do not say that lightly, growing up in Arizona I lived in Tucson for my childhood only to move up here to where it is hotter in my early 20s. I have had my fair share of Mexican restaurants here in town, and we have ALL been to a (Fill-in-blank)bertos.I could drink the salsa by the gallon here. The tamales are amazing, the seafood enchiladas are wonderful, and the fajitas are to die for!They have a ton of TV's to watch sports with too. The Bell Rd. Location is really good as well, but there is just something about this location that has be driving back down here even though the other one is closer. I highly recommend going, and you may drive right by it if you aren't careful. Its tucked away next to a pawn shop in a strip mall on the North side of the road. (More parking in back).Go. Its worth it!
1	After having others recommend this place to me as the best Mexican in Phoenix, even going so far to say "I drive such and such amount of miles just to get there!" I was sorely disappointed when I tried the restaurant's fare.I had a shredded beef burrito with a side of beans and my wife had some sort of chicken quesadilla, but you wouldn't know any of the dishes from a saucer full of salt. Yeah, the saltiness was that bad. On top of that, my wife's food was so greasy she didn't eat more than a few bites till she lost her appetite and returned it.The service was good; the waitress was nice and didn't give us any flak about the return, taking it off the bill. Other than her, though, this place loses; "best place for Mexican," indeed. I've basically given up on finding decent Mexican in Phoenix; can cook better, myself.
5	I love this place. I has the best salsa and chips. It is a little scary when you have to park out back, but it is safe.
5	Update to my last review. The bell location is up to par! Best food, amazing salsa ( i could eat a gallon of it), good prices, and awesome staff at both locations. I have been going to popo's for 23 years and love it just as i did the first time I had it.
1	Food is so so, they serve their food messy!!!  They put cheese all over the food by the time it gets to your table is a blob of melted cheese!!!!!!
3	Not sure why this place is such a fav for so many people. I thought it was "ok" but nothing that I would drive to. The $99 margs were great value and tasty but warning that they are VERY sweet and cant be altered to make less sweet.  Food was gringo mex food typical of AZ restaurants. I had the fajita salad and would definitely not order again not because it wasnt good but because it was completely average and didnt have many faj veggies .   Chips and Salsa were also typical avg mexican- nothing special or flavorful.   The one plus was our server who was very sweet. She was slow since it was busy for $99 margs but she was extremely cheerful and as attentive as she could be for as busy as she was.
3	This place came as a life saver. One day I went to make dinner but the meat I had defrosting went bad. So we needed something quick and close by. I called the restaurant and ordered. I ordered two adult trays and one kid meal. You can't order drinks.I thought the price seemed pricey but then again it was a restaurant order not fast food. The food took about 25 minutes (they said 15). When I got home the portions surprised me. They were pretty big sized portions. The food was good too. A bit greasy though.We joked that it is food for someone who's got a buzz on.Anyhow. We got good portions and the food was pretty tasty. The rating is 3 stars because when I say greasy I mean It Was Greasy!Also the staff is kind of blah. Not really mean but I was there ten minutes waiting for food and not one server or hostess was smiling. I also smiled at a few and didn't get the return and I witnessed the hostess interacting with a waiting party and I think she could have been nicer. (I worked in a restaurant for four years so morale is important to me)
1	Be very careful with this place. I ate there a couple months ago as an invited guest of the proprietor Michael. The food was OK, but not better than OK. I wanted flan for desert, but they were out. I decided to have no desert but Michael insisted that I try the chocolate burritos. Why anybody would eat something like this is beyond me. It's just stupid and nasty. An hour after the meal I was in a Fry's grocery store. I barely made it to the restroom before a serious bout of projectile vomiting ensued. If you like food poisoning with your tired Sonoran dinner, this is the place for you.
3	Food was great.  Service was fantastic.   Chips and salsa were delish.  However, I will not be going back.  Why, you ask?  The place is filthy.  If the front of the house is that dirty, just imagine what the kitchen looks like.  The walls were covered in soda, salsa, dust, and who knows what else. I am bummed to have found such yummy food in such a dirty place.
5	We love this place. Two hungry adults can share the monster burrito and leave satisfied. That sucker is enormous-  and full of yummy stuff. We ask for the peppers and onions to be extra grilled and it's amazing that way. Steak or chicken, both are good. Steaks wins out, though.
5	Love this place. Have been going here since I moved to phoenix almost 5 years ago. Never disappointed in the food or service. The carnitas, spinach enchiladas, tacos, and chimichanga are all good choices. Chips and salsa are always fresh.
2	I remember coming to Popo's in the 90's and it was tha shiz! I'm not sure why I liked it so much. Maybe the recipe's changed since then, but it really isn't as great as it used to be. It might be that my palate has matured with all the great Mexican food I get in San Diego or maybe the thrill is just gone...
4	My first and only time coming here was last night for a work party. I had an Italian margarita which was fantastic and the food was great too! The ambiance was similar to your typical mom and pop style restaurant and the service was phenomenal. I would definitely return.
