5	This family owned and run Mexican restaurant is a fabulous addition to McFarland. According to an article in The McFarland Thistle, the family's inspiration comes here from the southern Mexican city of Veracruz, where their mother's family had a restaurant. The food is well prepared and deliciously seasoned with flavors I haven't otherwise experienced in other local Mexican cuisine. I particularly enjoy the Carnitas and Conchinita Pibil, a slow roasted, citrus flavored and savory spiced pork dish that is amazingly delicious. Their Tostadas are another favorite and served on corn tortillas that are perfectly friend (crispy, not too greasy). They come in beef or chicken, but the restaurant has graciously let me substitute El Pastor on several occasions. Can you tell I like their pork? :)Speaking of perfectly fried corn tortillas, their chips are wonderfully addictive and served with a slightly spicy salsa. I recommend trying the slightly spicier green salsa and the even spicier hot red salsa, which has a unique, smokey flavor. Lastly, don't miss out on the fried plantains-- they are again, perfectly fried, and served with grated cheese, sour cream, rice and black beans. Even people who don't normally care for Mexican food will find something tasty to eat all times of day at Los Jarochos. They have a thoughtful menu that caters to many tastes. In addition to their great lunch and dinner,  they also offer both American and Mexican breakfast. The owners and staff are incredibly lovely people, friendly, accommodating and a welcome addition to McFarland. I've definitely fallen in love with them a little bit. If you are looking for excellent food prepared with love and care, give Los Jarachos a try!
4	Look out. McFarland may be developing a culinary scene. Do I actually live in a real village after all?I liked this place. I had a seafood burrito which was good. Normally I would have gone for some meat but a lenten vow stayed my hand. Still, the burrito was solid-covered with juicy, melted cheese and stuffed with filling Mexican rice. My companion had the quesadilla, which she enjoyed. The salsa beforehand was tasty, and accompanied with freshly fried chips. The prices were very affordable. And in my opinion the best aspect of this restaurant were the owners, a spanish-speaking husband-and-wife who smile when you walk in the door and bend over backwards to be nice to you throughout your entire meal. How can I not go back?
4	Nicest proprietor-ever!  Ate here for the first time last night- and am now wondering why it took so long for us to go there.  They've been open since October, but I admit that we've tend to head to Laredo's for Mexican.  No more, my friends.  Everything we ordered was fresh and truly authentic, prepared with a light hand and not oversauced/overcheesed.  Like most Mexican restaurants, the menu is extensive- they even serve breakfast!  No alcohol, I don't believe, so it's a family place.  Prices were extremely reasonable, and overall it is a great addition to our little village.  We'll be back, and will bring friends!
4	Don't let the front entrance fool you.   There is plenty of room inside.  Or order out.   That's what we did.   They were very friendly and even brought me chips and salsa while I waited for my order.  The chips and salsa was good by not exceptional.   The enchilada and burrito were of good size and cheap.  We also ordered the fried plantains which were sweet and very good.  it is in the very middle of a strip mall and you could miss it if you don't look carefully.
4	GREAT, Authentic Mexican  food ... reasonable prices ... wonderful proprietor.  A fun experience at a small Ma & Pa establishment
5	Great Mexican in McFarland?  GET OUT OF TOWN!  No, stay, because this place is great.  In a weird little corner of one of those strip malls on Route 51, Los Jarochos caught our eye with a banner draped over a car in the parking lot.  The owner is very nice and helpful.  Great menu varies from the gringo friendly to those looking for real Mexican food.  I loved my empanadas -- crispy and delicious.  Give this family owned business some love and have a try.
5	We were delighted to have Los Jarochos come to McFarland. My family loves it and we go there at least once a week.
5	Fantastic food and super low prices....we love going here.Nothing fancy for the decor, but that won't matter once you try the food.
5	Closed.....too bad, they had Fantastic food and super low prices....we loved going here.
