3	Stopped here to watch the Cowboys game. They have a basic selection of beer, not much in terms of craft beer...no IPAs, bummer.There's an area that has comfy, pillowy chairs and a sofa that faces a wall of 5 TVs...great for watching the games.  There's a pool table in the back room and a rear door for smokers to have easy access outside.Overall, its a decent neighborhood bar.  However, the bartender didn't bother to tell me about the $1.50 beer specials during the football games....I ordered a Newcastle for $3.75 and not really complaining, but I always like to know my options.Will I return? I hear they have drink specials during the week, so probably.
4	$2 215 pints all the time. No happy hour required. They also have daily drink specials including Ladies Night on Thursdays from 8pm till midnight when all drinks are 2 for 1 for the females. Janda is awesome. She takes good care of the bar patrons with prompt service and a fresh pint before the first one is even empty. The kitchen is now open and they offer a pretty good selection of pub fare and they deliver. I had the garlic bread with tomatoes and spinach. Not bad and not too much garlic. The smoking isn't bad in here unless the place is packed. You can sit at the bar on a weeknight and not feel like you immediately need to go home and shower from the stench of cigs which is a big bonus in my book.
5	Nice neighborhood bar with an Upscale interior. Great seating pit with leather couches and chairs encircling flat screen TVs; watch sports in comfort similar to your own living room. The food is very good and offers more variety than typical bar food.
1	Been here twice and both times left before even ordering a drink. Very poorly laid out. The bar is about 20 stools long, all facing the north wall. So you walk in and the see the backs of 20 people. Oh and one bartender for all 20 - and this was on a Friday night. Thirsty anyone? Yes, and you'll stay thirsty here my friends.They have a small 'lounge' area of a few small sofas, kind of cut off from the rest of the room. Ok, you want privacy, I understand. That's cool. The rest of the place is just weird. There are two counter type seating areas with a few bar stools around them, seating for maybe 6 and other than that, that's it. A huge pool table takes center ring, both times I've been in there it's been covered and taking up a huge amount of room. Great place to watch sports you say? If you're one of the 4 people to get a couch seat, then yes.There's a small seating area walled off (maybe private events?) and another small room with another not so huge pool table taking up that whole room.It's just a strange, unfriendly, not conducive to meeting people or striking up a conversation type of place that, to me, sucks. If you come in with a few people and the sofas are taken, the bar is full and those counters have a few people sitting you're SOL, you can stand there and twiddle your thumbs and lean awkwardly on their big stupid covered pool table or do what we did...leave
3	This place is pretty nice, but not a lot of action going on. Kind of a shame because the owners are pretty nice people. Bartender Lisa is cool and I won on video poker a little. Did not try the food here, but the menu doesn't look bad. A very clean and nice place. I will perhaps go here again when I am in a very low key mood and don't want to be found.
4	Great set up and wonderful service!!We have stopped in several times for Taco Tuesday and each occasion was great. The tacos are good and the taps always have something interesting. they do not have a lot of taps, so in addition to the standard selection, you get something odd, and at time unheard of to me... and I like surprises. Well done!!
4	Everytime I go there the staff is extremely friendly.  This place reminds me of your neighborhood cheers.  They just got a new kitchen, with an amazing menu of sliders.  I reccommend this place to anyone that wants great drinks and food at a reasonable price
2	This is a weird little bar. We came here to try Tailgate Cafe, which is located inside. We sat here for quite a while taking in the ambiance. Service was friendly, but there was just such a weird vibe here my fella and I both couldn't wait to leave. When we walked in it felt like everyone turned to look at us. This is clearly a place where regulars hang out. Everyone seemed to know one another and we definitely felt like outsiders. Service was ok. We weren't attended to very regularly, there seemed to be only one bartender to wait on everyone. She was extremely friendly but definitely seemed more attentive to her regulars as they watched videos on iPads and joked around with one another. We most likely won't be back, but it looks like a nice enough bar, just not for us.
1	This place gave me the creeps. We walked in and were stared at awkwardly by all the regulars as if we didn't belong there. Service was slow and I definitely don't think I'll be back here again.
1	This place sucks if you're not friends with the bartender. They'd rather play music then watch the game with the sound of the game on
