5	I really love Aladdin's!PROS: GREAT foodgreat pricesa large varietyvery cleanoutdoor dining (weather permitting)nice area/neighborhoodauthentic mediterannean food.Nice servers.an AMAZING dessert case with the most decadent and fresh cakes!CONS: street parking only (and its hard to find any)LADIES ROOM:  Very Clean!Must Try:HummusSfihaMediteranian Lamb Plate (Lamb with their special rice which is delish!)ANY of their cakes!  You should see this dessert case, truuuust me! LOL
5	Do you have a place that is your "go to" place when you just want something that tastes good, in a pleasant environment and doesn't break the bank? Aladdin's is just that kind of place. Sometimes it gets pretty busy there, but customer service never suffers. The Lebanese/Middle Eastern Menu is broad, and delicious. The wine list is more than adequate at really affordable prices.
4	Love Aladdin's!!  Healthy good quality food, friendly service, clean place and a fair price.  What more could you want!
5	Food is always fresh.  I don't think I've ever gotten something that I didn't like.  The biggest drawback when going to Aladdin's is the menu choices!  The servers are very friendly and helpful.  There is a very large parking lot (with meters) just around the corner.  Outdoor seating (weather permitting) makes for great people watching.
4	This place is a gem. From the beautiful desserts in the cases as you walk in, to the attentive service, to the slew of selections. Food is served promptly, portions are generous, and taste is sublime. What more can you ask for?
5	As I'm writing this THE DAY AFTER I was here....my breathe is still kickin. Garlic breathe be damned through THREE teeth brushing cycles and 2 mouth wash swishes. But it was worth it. So sorry for whoever has to talk to me the next day..... I had heard SO many good things about this place that it had been on my places to try list for a while now. It absolutely did NOT disappoint! Thanks to Carrie L.'s suggestion, I got the Mediterranean Lamb Plate. The lamb was cooked to perfection and surprisingly had little fat for lamb. The rice was also fantastic, because who doesn't love a little sprinkle of pine nuts on top!? I was really not too keen about the Greek yogurt sauce but LOVED the garlic sauce (hence the garlic dragon breathe!). The decor inside is also really cute! I love the glass accent pieces and I really wanted to keif the little vases with cute wooden flowers on our table. Since I try not steal....I did not....don't worry! For a Mediterranean place to also be famous for desserts is a big surprising. But I had also heard many good things about their choice of cakes and cheesecakes. I had JUST been to the Factory of Cheese earlier in the week so I opted for a Coconut Cake. I love me some coconut and it was the perfect combo of moist cake and coconut! Yum-o! They need a location downtown! I have to hike it to the burbs or Squirrel Hill for my fix now. But it'll be oh so worth it!
3	After eating here a half dozen times I'm finally ready to comment on it. I'm a big fan of Middle Eastern food, and some of what Aladdin's offers delivers. The hummous is very good, and usually I like the falafel, sandwiches and salads. The menu here is varied and interesting, and I've had some good meals here. I ordered take out from this location yesterday and was disappointed. I picked up the veggie sampler for myself and the chicken mishwa salad for Doug. The salad had grit in the lettuce leaves, which is always an unpleasant experience. Even if this had been well prepared, it was a small serving for an entree sized salad. We get a similar salad at My Big Fat Greek Gyro, and it's twice the size, with a dozen olives in it, compared to the three in Aladdin's salad. It's like the old Woody Allen joke. Two women are dining at a restaurant and the first woman says, "This food is terrible", and the second woman says, "Yes, and such small portions, too". After a couple of bites of this, Doug ate the chicken and olives and gave up on the lettuce. The veggie sampler is too much food for me anyway, so I shared. We both found the falafel too salty, and the stuffed grape leaves were also overly salted and the rice in them a bit undercooked. The hummous was as good as ever, and I enjoyed the baba ganoush, although I like my own homemade version better. When I can make better food than a restaurant, why bother eating there? I guess the answer is convenience. I'm also not a big fan of their pita, which is very thin and dries out quickly. I called the manager and let him know how our lunch went, more to give him a heads up on the sand in the lettuce problem than anything. He offered me a credit for a comparably priced meal, which was very nice, so I'll be trying this place again, and I'll let you know how it goes! I have not tried the cakes and desserts here, as my husband is a pastry chef and we rarely order cake out , but they look beautiful.
3	After reading other reviews was keen on going.  Started with hummus that was OK but lacked garlic...was expecting more flavor...especially after reading some of the other reviews.W had the chicken chili and really enjoyed it.  I had the Aladdin's Lamb Rolled in pita.  Unfortunately the lamb was way over cooked and hard to chew.  No time for desserts but the dessert case was full of homemade deserts.  Was talking with the staff and they said the deserts are made at the HQ baking location near Cleveland and trucked in a couple of times a week.  A family run business with the brother of the owner/creator running this and, I think, all the local locations.
4	Great fresh not greasy food!  My boy waiter seemed like it was his first time in a restaurant but he must be somebody's nephew. A very enjoyable delicately spiced meal
5	Vegetarians, rejoice! Delicious, affordable food for us IS available in Pittsburgh! As a self proclaimed falaffel expert, these are some of the best I've had. I usually get the vegetarian combo plate because I just can't choose!  I would prefer a little zippier hummus but I'm knit picking. Overall: perfection!
4	I really love this place! my family and I came here once they started on their vegetarian  kick many years ago, and boy we weren't disappointed. Their falafels are to die for and the lamb salad is crisp and fresh. My sister is in love with the chicken hummus plate, they provide you with a large serving and it tastes amazing! The hummus is smooth and rich in flavor. Every time I'm on a date or am looking for a fun food place with friends i bring them to Aladdin's. My sister even ordered their food for her graduation party. They are great for any occasion!
4	so many vegetarian options! I like it because it is close to home and the food comes out quick. Our waitress, Ece, was really sweet and it was nice to reminisce about Turkey with her. I'm very picky about pita and that is the only flaw - not a fan of the pita bread. But I can overlook that. I'll def be back.
4	I love this place.  I started with the lentil soup followed by tabbouleh salad with feta. I wish I could get this for lunch everyday. I took a lamb dish home for dinner and I was picking at it at the stop lights. The rice was the best I have ever had, cinnamon and pine nuts I wish there was more of it. I was a bit confused by the menu and my server wasn't much help however. I got the Ole " you don't know what kapuskahiaila is " Ahhh no... I'm from Pittsburgh and Polish... sorry. I do like your food however and plan to return, I just wish it was cheaper and came in buckets.
5	Aladdin's is one of my favorite restaurants and a great fallback when there's no where else I want to go. Don't let the Lebanese/Middle Eastern/Mediterranean label scare you- Aladdin's has something for everyone.First off, everything at Aladdin's is fresh and delicious. I've never had anything there that wasn't made well or seemed to come from a box. The lettuce is always crispy, the meats fresh and juicy, and I love their pita. Plus, with so many vegetarian dishes on the menu, I doubt there will be too many people that can find a fault with Aladdin's.My favorite thing to get on the menu is the Flavor Savor Plate. It has a bunch of the best from Aladdin's, with Chicken Mishwi, Beef Kafta, rice, salad, hummos, and Falaffel (mmm... Falaffel). They also have a dozen other plates with all kinds of chicken, lamb, beef, and other combinations that will make your head spin, but if you have no idea what to order, get the Flavor Savor and you'll get a little bit of the best on the menu- plus at $9.95, you can't beat the price and will probably have leftovers.Aladdin's also has these amazing stuffed pitas. They take fresh lettuce, tomatoes, and onions, and overstuff them into a pita pocket. Then, they put a meat on it, a choice of feta or cheddar cheese, and dressing. These things are huge, and my favorite is the tuna pocket. The tuna is big chunks of tuna steak that is cubed and grilled with seasonings- yum.I've also tried several of their pita pizzas, which have a crispy pita base and lots of choices on toppings. There also wraps, rolls, cheese pies, stuffed grape leaves, and lots more- the menu will make your head spin. For an appetizer, you can't go wrong with their hummos.Finally, make sure you leave room for dessert. Despite their Middle Eastern menu, they have very Americanized desserts that are freaking awesome. You can't miss them when you walk in- they're in a case at the front entrance. These monster cakes are incredible, and could have anything from double chocolate cake, to red velvet cake, carrot cake, or lots of others. The cakes are huge, and the portions are giant. Many times, I come here just for dessert. They also usually have two or three different kinds of baklava, which are moist and sweet and better then my grandmother's (sorry Nene).Are you still reading?? Why haven't you headed over to Aladdin's yet? Don't worry, the place is casual, so you don't even have to dress up, and you'll want to bring a friend because the portions are big and you'll want to share. Enjoy!
4	70 degree weather called for a nice stroll in Squirrel Hill to find a place for dinner. Aladdin's had outdoor seating and so we were sold (indoor was packed anyway). Grabbed a table outside and our waitress was friendly and cute - helpful with dish and wine recs. Prices were oh so reasonable for dinner - I ordered Flavor Savor dish so got to sample a little bit of some of Aladdin's offerings. I enjoyed the chicken and the beef, both of which were very tender to the cut, along with the rice and salad which was dressed lightly. I got pretty full before attacking the hummus which was just okay though but overall I think Aladdin's will become a regular place for me.
4	We enjoyed our supper at this place a lot.Nice ambience and outstanding food.Liked the service very much.Would definitely o to this place with friends again.
5	Love, love, love this place!! Delicious food !!!
4	This was my first visit to Aladdin's Eatery and I must say I enjoyed it very much.We ordered the Vegetarian Combo (a Must) and Chicken Sambusek for appetizer. The portions are pretty generous - so you might actually be able to make this (Veg. Combo) your main entree. It's got bit of everything including homemade hummus.For the entree, we ordered the Chicken Salad, Aladdin's Fav Combo and a lamb plate. Although, I've read rave reviews about the lamb - I didn't quite enjoy that much - however, my girlfriend loved it. The chicken Salad was amazingly delicious - and the Beef Kafta that came with the combo platter was really good.The service was great - our server was very attentive and friendly.Would definitely go back again.
3	Before I go into why I'm giving this place 3 stars, let me point out that you will not be disappointed with the food. It is, by far, the tastiest and subtle Mediterranean food I've eaten bar none. The service, otoh, is mediocre and so the 3 stars. I got to the restaurant around 1:30 and was going to eat alone. The place was mostly empty with a few parties halfway through their meals. The host unceremoniously dumped me into a back table behind a glass wall without so much as asking if I wanted to be seated at one of the other available tables near the window. I get that I'm no eye candy :) but I love sitting at windows to people watch too!!Then, my waiter was didn't even ask me if wanted to order. I had to tell him what I was having as an appetizer (a yum carrot/banana smoothie.) After bringing me the smoothie, he disappeared for about 5-6 minutes without giving me a chance to order the main course. I sat there twiddling my thumbs and was midway through my smoothie before he reappeared to take my order. In the meanwhile, I pretended not to be able to hear the conversation at the table next to mine. I ordered a pita roll which was fantastic. After finishing the pita roll, I again sat around desperately trying to find something to do on my cellphone while waiting for the waiter to clear the table and get me my check. After I paid up, he again took his own sweet time coming back with the credit card bill for me to sign. I must say that the other wait staff seemed a lot more prompt with their service. My guy didn't make any effort to make me feel welcome or make small talk seeing how I was sitting alone.Anyway, if you're going there for the food, you won't be disappointed.
5	The best Mediterranean meal my mouth has ever met.  The garlic sauce was tasty... the wrap was giant and very reasonably priced for the portion given.  The amount of tastes available is very vast as well.
4	It's been a while since we've had middle eastern food, and one day we were craving some kibbeh and falafel, and ventured out there. I'm pleased to say the food was great! Both the kibbeh and falafel were well prepared and not greasy at all! The hummus was delicious too. Our server was polite and prompt - she even chatted with us a bit at the end, and showed her interest in world travel. Do not overlook this place!
5	Great service, food was very good, served fast even when there were many other dinners.  Tasted like my great aunt used to make me.I would go back next time I am in town.
4	I stopped by Aladdin's in Mt. Leb for dinner with a friend on a Sunday night. The restaurant was almost empty with the exception of one other table. She was on a strict diet consisting of lean meats and fresh veggies/fruit so she picked the restaurant. I had never been to Aladdin's and was pleasantly surprised by their emphasis on fresh, wholesome ingredients. I ordered Aladdin's favorite combo to get a taste of beef, chicken and kabob. When the meal was served, I was a litle disappointed in the quantity. There was about 2 ounces of each meat. Just enough for about three to four bites. It truly was a taste of each. For the cost, I was expecting a little more. However, the quality of the meal was exceptional. The ingredients were fresh and flavorful. The meats were juicy and tender. The meal also was served with a small mixed green salad on the side.True mixed greens, no iceberg here. I chose to try Aladdin's dressing which was tangy and delicious. Not being on a diet and having been deprved of chocolate all day, I decided on the most decident chocolate cake I could order. This tower of chocolateness had layers of choclate cake held toegther by chocolate mouse and chocolate ganache. A true choclate lovers dream. All in all, I will for sure head back to Aladdin's for a fresh, casual meal in a relaxed atmosphere.
5	I will never be able to put into words just how much I love Aladdin's. I can easily walk to it, sit down in one of the cozy little booths in this not-to-big-not-to-small joint, mull over exactly what I want, and never be disappointed - plus, I always get my food very quickly, so whoever is in this kitchen, keep doing what you're doing! If you're looking to get an appetizer with your meal, I highly recommend the pita and/or salads, which always have super tasty seasonings - they're super flavorful ways to start your meal off for sure. As for the main course, while there's a pretty decent number of options I'm addicted to their rolled pitas, which range from basic chicken and honey mustard dishes to Mediterranean-styled lamb or beef pitas, complete with special house sauces and dressings.I rarely get their desserts, not from lack of quality but from lack of room - the food here is extremely filling, even if you split it with a friend like I often to. That said, I can testify from my occasional splurges that the desserts here are pretty darn good, so long as you're in the mood for cake. If not, there's both a frozen yogurt and an ice cream shop a block or two down the road. They're super easy to get to and find, assuming that you don't opt to order your dinner online in advance and then take it home, although I think this service is more there to allow someone to plan hours in advance, as opposed to suddenly deciding, Hey I want Aladdin's! At that point you may as well go to the restaurant, since they don't deliver.Man, just writing a review about this perfectly placed restaurant with its amazing food is making me hungry...maybe I'll need to treat myself to some Aladdin's this week!
4	This is a solid Mediterranean place.  The hummus is excellent, and the bread is fresh.  Both the chicken shawarma and the falafel are good choices.  Everything was well seasoned and flavorful.  The place was easy to find, and I even managed to snag a meter spot right out front.  There is also a parking garage just across the street if you don't find parking on the street.This is my favorite Mediterranean place so far in Pittsburgh. Delicious!
3	Food is eatable at most. Does not taste bad, not really that great either. I just have one suggestion for the staff: if you are not sure if someone need plastic fork/spoon for their take out, ask!! Don't just give people food without any tool to eat.
5	Great Mediterranean food with a bakery and fresh fruit smoothies.  The price won't break the piggy bank either.
4	Have now eaten Aladdin's twice, once each time I've visited friends in Pittsburgh. Very solid menu and popular with the locals, Aladdin's offers food for dine in or take out. We chose the latter. The stuffed grape leaves were tasty, and I wolfed down the Lebanese Salata. Stephen J. ordered lamb and liked it, though I think there was too much time between when the food was picked up and when we actually consumed it, as he felt there may have been a change in texture of his dish as it cooled. Our friends who go there once a month or so are most definitely fans.
5	This place is outstanding! Amazing flavors, many healthful options on the menu, terrific, friendly service and a very reasonable price. Can't beat it!
4	Awesome place - great service, welcoming atmosphere, really yummy food and Oh. My. Lord. the dessert counter is amazing.So good! I highly recommend the rolled pitas (shawarma  and shishtawook)! Of course, its mandatory to get a dessert afterwards!
5	If I could eat any cuisine every day for the rest of my life, it would be Middle Eastern food, and one of the restaurants I would frequent would be Aladdin's.  Great Lebanese salad, lentil soup and stuffed grape leaves.  They also have a fairly large dessert case with seemingly decadent cakes.  I've never been very impressed by their desserts, but I can't fault the place.  I don't go to Aladdin's for dessert.
4	I liked that they offer a variety of vegetarian meals , their food was fresh , i usually like the falafel to come as a small round pieces instead of a big one, other than that i think this place is a good choice to get middle eastern food in oakland !
5	Their lentil soup is the best. Its full of chunky potatoes, greens and whole lentils. I much prefer it to a pureed soup. That and Aladdins salad with spring greens, feta and some veggies along with fresh pita bread is a wonderfully filling and healthy meal. My daughter is vegan and when she visits from out of town, this is where she wants to have a meal.
4	Always great for consistent Mediterranean fare with a vegetarian-friendly menu. This is a chain, but a great one. My very picky Tweens love it, so that is a plus the one in Mt Leb has great service and outdoor seating.
5	Love love love this place.  We always have very attentive staff, the food is always wonderful.  One of my favorite places for a really big salad, we also enjoy their soups.  The kids love the grilled cheese pita with fruit, and you can't go wrong with one of the meat entrees.  There hasn't been a thing I've gotten off the menu that I haven't liked.
3	I recently stopped in at Aladdin's because I was zero 0 for 3 on a Monday trying to find a lunch spot. So fortunately we were able to find that Aladdin's was open for lunch. They have a pretty decent sized menu with options that would suit most folks, lots of vegetarian items on the menu which is nice for everyone, especially vegetarians. I order the Chicken Shawarma, I really wasn't impressed with the sandwich as the chicken was dried out and not especially flavorful. The wrapping wasn't great either the pita tasted either stale or overcooked in my opinion.  There was nothing stand out about really anything on the sandwich and I am sort of a Shawarma snob.  And for approx. $8...that's all you get not even some garnish on the plate. In a last ditch attempt to salvage something from this disaster of a lunch hour I tried a slice of  Tiramisu. Which I have to say was well worth it, Hit the spot for this guy. The service was mediocre at best,I felt like there may have only been one server in this relatively small establishment. After she dropped off the tab that was the last time I saw her,I would have liked one last refill on water.
4	My husband and I both had a salad and both were excellent! We also shared a fresh fruit smoothie to go and it too hit the spot. We would highly recommend Aladdin's!!!!
5	Mediterranean Lamb plate was totally awesome worth the trip. It is surprisingly hard to find lamb cooked perfectly as this lamb was nicely grilled very moist with fantastic flavor.
5	Aladdin's is one of my favorite restaurants in Mt Lebanon. I am a huge fan of Middle Eastern cuisine and Aladdin just tops them all. Fresh delicious food, superior service makes us keep coming back. One of my favorites is Baba Ganoush !!!!!!!
5	The food is healthy, fresh, and made with care. You can find gluten free, vegan, vegetarian and meat options that you will feel good about after eating. The warm falafel hummus roll with hot sauce on the side is my favorite. Some other good options are the Greek salad, tuna roll, hummus plate, carrot cake, and Oreo cake. The food is really really good.
5	Wow, I can't even remember how many times I've eaten here. Tabouli, fatoosh, wraps / rolled (so many good ones but the schwarma is probably my favorite), hummus, Lebanese salad, Aladdin's favorite, i could just keep going. Love this spot
4	When I do not want to cook at home and I feel like to dine out pretty "Healthy" i always pick this place.I enjoy their Lebanese wrap and salad. Warp inside radish pickles are delicious.Love their dressing choices too.My favorite dressing is honey Dejion dressing. Their lamb is good very tender... Also, I ordered ground beef balls( can't recalled the name of it.) very good.I usually do not like franchise restaurant.But, Aladdin's Eatery is exceptional!
5	At one time in my life I ate from Aladdin's fairly regularly.  I happened to be working in the Squirrel Hill area, and would order, or dine-in at least twice a week, if not more. That was approximately five, or so, years ago.Tonight, I found myself in Mt. Lebo.  I had to pick up a bridesmaid dress, and had not yet eaten. After leaving the dress shop and yelping nearby vegetarian options, I came across an Aladdin's location less than a half of a mile away from me.I drove straight there hoping that Aladdin's was still everything I remembered.I was greeted by smiling faces, which is always cool.The smiling faces continued when I was greeted by my server, Haley.She was wonderful.I am a terrible decision maker, and was dining solo, so she helped me tremendously. And by tremendously, I mean she made my decisions for me. If she hated me as a result, she hid it very well.She brought me either the natural energy, or the honeymooner juice. It was awesome, and has me wanting to go back to try others.I told her that there was a chance she was going to hate me, and asked that she bring me a vegan option, otherwise, I would have stared at that menu for another hour at least.She returned, not long after, with the hummus falafel rolled. I'm considering driving back as I type this to eat it again. It was fabulous. A great balance, not overstuffed, so I didn't feel like a slob while eating it and facing the passersby. The pickles rolled in added the perfect crunch.I took two desserts home with me. Yes..two. I've tried some of both with my coffee this morning. Excellent choice. Blueberry bar and a peanut butter and jelly cookie. Their dessert case looks amazing, but I stuck with the vegan options.Unfortunately, I live about an hour from any Aladdin's, but hopefully I will be returning to this location soon, and hopefully Haley will be working again.Fabulous food and service made for a great solo dining experience.
4	I am never disappointed whenever I go to Aladdin's. I called for a take-out order and was told that it would be ready in 15-20 minutes. It was a Tuesday night so it wasn't very busy, and I did not have to wait at all. I ordered the Hummus Shawarma Plate, the Mediterranean Lamb Plate, and a slice of chocolate cake. The total cost was around $30 which seemed like a lot. They meal size was huge that there were enough leftovers for the next night. They also packed 15 triangle shaped pita pockets for our meals. The hummus is so delicious and creamy. However, the garlic sauce was way too strong. The shwarma was in strips and tasted a little dry, but still was very tasty. The lamb was juicy and tender and tasted great with the rice, pine nuts, tomatoes, and hummus inside a pita pocket.Overall, I highly recommend this place because it has a nice atmosphere and the fresh food. Plus, they have great options for vegans, vegetarians, and those who eat gluten free. P.S. I had the Crazy Berry Smoothie another time I was there and it was not blended fully. There were ice chunks and frozen fruit still in the cup, so whenever I took a sip, I had to move the straw around to take in the smoothie.
