5	A recent addition to the area, Arhoma's little sister, if you will. Bread, pastry, croissants/danishes, as well as a charcuterie and cheese counter. There is also a small area with a few tables and a counter,facing busy Ontario St. should you decide to have coffee or breakfast/brunch on site. This branch is not as busy as it's main branch farther east, and therefore not crowded at all, whew!  I bought a loaf of what I thought was my usual nut bread, which is normally made with chopped walnuts, but in this case, the walnuts turned out to be pistachios..... little sister has a mind of her own. The bread turned out to be very tasty, and did  not make me miss my usual, a good sign indeed.  This is now another of my go-to places.
5	Yes, they take credit card. You open the door, and the wonderful smell of baking bread envelopes you. The workers speak both French and English. You can order pretty much any bread you'd like: ciabatta, baguettes, ficelles, seeded breads, olive breads, nut breads, and on and on and on. The best part is that the breads all have the ingredients on a card in front of them. They're all in French. Helpful hint: olive oil = huile d'olive. All purpose flour = farine blanche. Salt = sel. Leavening = levain. In this case, that's sourdough. Not too sour to be painful, but just subtle enough to lent that wonderful flavour. Basically, that's really all you need to know, because that's all they put in their bread.
4	For the last little bit every time I drove down Papineau to the JC bridge my eyes would focus on one place in particular: Fabrique Arhoma! So on a bright and crisp morning I set out on a nice little walk down the hill to visit and see if it was worth the distraction while driving. And it was! (Though by distraction, I'm putting it mildly, all eyes on the road, safety first, you know the drill).The shop itself is pretty tiny. For some reason I imagined it much bigger. But smaller = cosier, and the friendly staff round out the comfy factor. There are limited spots to sit and consume on site, including some nice stools along the window ledge, perfect for people watching. There's a refrigerated section, filled with exotic juices, fancy cheeses and meat pates and such. There's a bread section, a viennoiserie section, and the coffee bar. And there's a middle section filled with odds and ends. Its quite compact and if the shop is busy, you might not even notice some of the goods. And so how were the latte and chocolatine I had? Delicious enough to come back to try other goodies, including made to order breakfast sandwiches.  Yum!
5	Nice place to grab a croissant in the morning. Very friendly staff! And a great selection of baked goods. Will definitely head back here.
