2	Great ambience and welcoming staff. Good wine menu and a nice fusion styled menu. Sapporo on tap, which is always a bonus. We had the steak and salt crusted baked potato. The sour creme was ice cold and the steak was so covered in heavily salted sauce that none of the meat flavors came through. The salt crusted potato was covered and I mean covered in salt. I did complain to the waiter, who of course, predictably said "well it's salt crusted." It was salt soaked & caked inedible buddy! They gave us a portion of fries as a replacement but brought out enough fries for the whole restaurant. I would give them a second chance but to be honest, it's more worth trying something else.
4	Until I saw a Teambuy offer, I had never really noticed this restaurant; it is in the basement of a building that houses a few other business, so it is kind of hidden. And with the name, and the signage (a grapevine with a wineglass) I would have thought they were a wine store, not a restaurant, let alone a place that serves brunch.In any case, I invited my girlfriend, her husband and two kids to brunch on Sunday. We had been trying to do a dinner since January but our schedules were totally out of sync and difficult to predict. Thus brunch was the best option.We arrived a little before our reservation but that was fine since the restaurant was empty. This had me a little concerned, but I used the time to talk with the owner (I assume) and waitress about the restaurant itself and their experience with Teambuy. They were happy we learned about the restaurant from Teambuy and were confident that once we tried their brunch, we would be back.Once my friends arrived we were given a thorough explanation of some of the less usual items on the menu, like the shakshouka & their gluten-free crepes. Meanwhile, we all sipped on some very delicious coffee, served as a bottomless cuppa!We were all hungry, but the kids were particularly eager to eat, so the waitress made sure that their orders were taken immediately (pain au chocolate) while we decided what to eat.I ordered the Shakshouka, which is three poached eggs, house roasted tomato reduction, scallions, white truffle oil and grilled pitas. The rest of the table ordered Lemon-Ricotta pancakes with caramelized bacon, a Vino breakfast sandwich with homemade english muffin, poached egg, Italian sausage and aged cheddar served with home fries, and a grilled reuben sandwich.Each of us were surprised and delighted when our plates arrived. Each plate was beautifully presented and offered a generous portion of food. Better yet, it was all delicious.The Shakshouka was the one dish that stood out the most. The aroma of the white truffle oil was intense and if there had been even a smidge more it might have been too much. But as it were, it was perfect!So I guess they were right, we tasted once, and we'll be back again.The total for 4 adults and 2 children (including free cookies) was 70$ (taxes in, but before our coupon)Currently the restaurant is only open for brunch on Saturdays and Sundays, but they do have plans to open for lunch and dinner in the coming months. Vino Vin et Terrasse5674 Monkland(514) 481-8466
5	I've been here twice for brunch and am in love! I had the ricotta lemon pancakes which were heavenly, light and delicious! they come covered in a blueberry coulis and come with a side of thickly cut smeared in maple bacon. It's delicious!All the menu items are very well thought out, and the staff is very friendly. You can tell that the people here love what they do and their food shows it!
5	A great morning at Prohibition (the new name of Vino Vin et Terrace) with the new signage up and all. I had the deep friend pain perdu with fried chicken while my BF couldn't resist the breakfast poutine (fries with cheese curds, bacon, sausage gravy topped with a fried egg and hollandaise). Scrumptious!I love the bottomless cup of Joe and the attentive service. Their menu is very creative, stuffed ricotta pancakes, banh mi breakfast, and Bavarian benedict to name a few of the dishes you won't find anywhere else in Montreal. Definitely one of my favorite breakfast spots in Montreal!
