1	Both my boss and I really wanted to like Rigas Diner, but they make it so hard. It's right between work and home and it seems like it should be as good as it is convenient. It's just not. The first visit there they served raw fries coated in fryer grease. When we spoke up about it, the owner said "well, it was taking too long to cook, so we just served it". Maybe they thought we were to dumb to notice? If a Rigas Diner can't even get french fries right then you can probably imagine just how really bad the more complicated items are... Well, they are worse than that.After that, I pretty much gave up on Rigas Diner. My boss still keeps trying to love that place even though every time he visits, he gets some kind of unearthly mockery of what he ordered. For example, he got an omelet one time, and for some reason they decided to put a half-pound of canned Jalapenos on it. He showed me his meal (take-out) and it was really funny just how ridiculous it was!Another time everything was raw.I make fun of him for going to Rigas because he always gets awful food. He says the menu has the potential of being awesome, and he hopes that one day they figure out how to make what's on it. I think he might get really sick way before that ever happens.At least as I passed by today (as I do every day) I saw that it was totally empty in there. Friday night at dinner time is usually a busy time for any halfway decent eatery. I guess people have figured out that this place sucks.
5	What a great place! I just recently moved here from NJ. I was looking for a place to get a good breakfast one morning and found this gem of a diner by chance. It's my favorite diner now. Friendly and a great value for your hard earned dollars. I would recommend this place in a heartbeat!
4	Stopped by here for lunch today, and will be back very soon!  Had the souvlaki platter and it was delicious.  Friendly and attentive waitstaff, tasty food, nice atmosphere and decor makes for a good diner.  Defnintely recommended if you happen to be in the area.
4	I liked this little place. The staff was very friendly. The menu had a lot of variety. I took my kids and they all found something. I had a chicken wrap. One daughter had a burger. We all had desert.  Food was good. I like this place because it isn't your typical fast food. It has character and a hometown feeling
1	Place closed months ago.
