3	We came here to purchase a suit for my fiance for our wedding. The staff was very nice and extremely helpful, however I felt that they were a little *too* helpful (aka I was feelin the heat to buy everything in the store). The prices are kinda high (Note: I'm not a man so I don't know much about suits/ quality/ pricing, but I do know we found a $2,000 Italian import suit at Nordstrom Rack marked down to the same price as one jacket at Men's Wearhouse's - and even their store brand).  To make a long story short, we bought a lot of stuff and brought it back the next day due to an indecisive fiance. They were helpful even during the returns, but I feel like you could def find better deals out there. Afterall, 20 dollars for some socks and 10 dollars for a hanger seems kinda crazy to me.
1	My husband rented a suit for our wedding.  A couple days before the wedding he went to pick it up and they had the wrong suit.  My husband is 6'2 and they had been shipped a suit for a man who was only 5'10.  Furthermore, their idea of fixing it was giving him a different shirt suit then the one he picked out months ago.  The women was extremely rude to me when I told her that I thought that was unacceptable and replied starkly that "mistakes happen".  I told her that it was her responsibility as an employee to fix the mistake.  After 45 minutes (if you've ever had a wedding then you know there are a zillion other things you could be doing in 45 minutes three days before the wedding) of her being rude and rolling her eyes at me, she finally got her boss to help us.  He gave my husband a new shirt (one that was not a rental) and just asked that my husband return it after the wedding, which he did.  I mean, was that really that hard for them to figure out how to make THEIR mistake right???
2	My husband had almost everything he needed for our wedding. He had the tie, the shirt, the pants, the belt, and the shoes. We simply needed a vest and told the guy helping us that right up front. He was friendly, which is the only reason this place gets two stars and not one, but he is also the reason this place is getting two stars in the first place. He was pushy and made us feel like my husband's already chosen pieces of attire were not good enough. "Those pants are too long, that shirt won't match anything, I think a different tie will look better, etc etc." We were very firm in telling him that we have made up our mind and all we needed was a vest, but he proceeded to sell us the following anyway: A shirt, pants, shoes, belt, jacket, tie, socks, and various other items we had no interest in purchasing. We felt so pressured and like he wasn't listening to our needs. We will never come back here, lest we want to spend the day being pressured to buy the entire store.
4	I have been shopping at the Men's Wearhouse for a little over a year now.  It's been my go to place for business casual clothing that is required at my job.  The staff has always been very friendly and not too pushy, even when they are working on the upsell to get me to buy a couple more ties or shoes.Being neither Big & Tall or Short & Stout, I appreciate being able to go in find some slacks and get fitted to my exact inseam.  Add to that a guarantee on the tailored items, I will probably continue to go here.
4	i've never been suit or tux shopping. but i rented a tux here for a NYE 2012 event and i was unaware of all the add-ons. it's extra price for nearly everything you opt for on a tux...overall i paid about 150 for what i considered to be a basic tux. unfortunately, our event was cancelled on the day i picked the tux up. Mens Wearhouse policy is for half-refund which is better than nothing. i was impressed, but i have nothing else to compare it to. i was surprised though and how damn good looking i looked when i tried the thing on! no wonder men wear suits!
2	I will not be giving my business to this Men's Wearhouse ever again.  I don't really like leaving negative posts, but I feel the need to inform everybody about the poor service at this location.  All of my groomsmen and I rented tuxedos from this location.  The price for our rentals were considerably higher than other stores , but I was okay with that.  I assumed the higher price was paying for the protection and service of a company like Men's Wearhouse.  I was wrong.When one of my groomsmen went to try on his tuxedo there was a used tissue in the pants pocket.  The pants were replaced on the spot.  I understand that mistakes happen, but we were assured every tuxedo was cleaned prior to rental.  Clearly, if this tuxedo had been cleaned there would not be gross Kleenex in the pocket.  Problem #1On the day of the wedding, in the middle of picture taking, the same groomsmen had his top button of his jacket pop off.  Anyone who has worn a 2-button jack knows the top button is the most important.  You can't button your jacket properly without it!  Needless to say, we had to scramble to get the button attached with a safety pin while the photographer was waiting.  Problem #2I try to give businesses the benefit of the doubt.  If the used kleenex and the button were the only issues I honestly would not have written this post.  Unfortunately, the worst part of this whole experience has been the attitude and poor service of the Men's Wearhouse management once the tuxedos were returned.  I notified Men's Wearhouse of the situation - I expected them to be apologetic and offer some sort of a refund.  Instead, I was told that I would be receiving a call from a manager.  The call never came.  I called back a week later and was told that there was no manager in the building.  During my call a few days later I was told  the manager was with a client and I would be called back later in the day.  The third time I called I was told the manager did not arrive until 6pm and I would received a call right away.  My wedding was a month ago and I have still not received a call back from Men's Wearhouse. Problem #3Once I realized I was getting nowhere with the Tempe Marketplace location I called the corporate customer relations dept. I still haven't accomplished much, but this department has been much more helpful in dealing with the terrible management at this location.I gave this rating 2 stars because all of the other tuxedos were very nice.  Unfortunately, once Men's Wearhouse had our money the customer service has been some of the worst I have ever dealt with.  I had my groomsmen pay a little more for their tuxes so that we could have the backing of a huge company like Men's Wearhouse on such an important day. I am very surprised at the poor service and I will never be going back to the Men's Wearhouse at Tempe Marketplace.
5	I went in on a Saturday to buy a suit. I was very impressed with the sales associate, Emmett, who was incredibly friendly and helpful. After getting measured for the tailoring, Emmett told me that it would take until (I think) Thursday. I explained that I would need the suit a bit sooner than that. Emmett was very accomodating and arranged for it to be available Tuesday. Perfect!Emmett was also great in that when I explained my budget constraints, he didn't try to upsell me (which has happened before) and he didn't leave me when he found out that I wasn't a big spender.I like the way I look in the suit, which is also important. But it's the high standard of excellent service that has won me as a client for as long as I need suits. Bottom line, gentlemen, if you need a suit, go talk to Emmett.
5	I am a sales associate for a company called Sleep America.  I have an appreciation for sales techniques and I am a tough critic. I was greeted immediately by a man named Alex Parsons with a smile. He was dressed sharp and was very clean cut. He asked a few qualifying questions which I appreciated. I had brought in an expensive pair of shoes with me in hopes to find a belt to match. He asked for the shoe and immediately found a great belt in my size. He then asked if I would be interested in a pair of slacks to try it on with. (which was a seamless transition into an upsell... much appreciated) but the important thing to note... he asked not told. I said absolutely I would. He pulled around 6 options and continued to explain the different materials as well as styles. I decided on a flat front pair of pants made of whool. (great quality as well) I asked for a shirt to complete my ensemble. Unfortunately I have a difficult body frame and have a difficult time finding the correct fit and size. He even went to the trouble of asking the tailor to take a look. I felt like I was getting royal treatment and Alex spent a great amount of time with me, answering all of my questions, and meanwhile tidying up the store and giving me space. I decided to purchase the slacks, with a permanent crease, and had them hem the slacks as well. I was out the door with a new belt, a pair of great slacks and shoe pollish to boot! Thank you Alex for all of your great work. I have already referred a co-worker and he purchased two pairs of slacks and two shirts. The Tempe Marketplace store is fantastic, but more importantly, Alex was fantastic. I would prep him for a promotion if I was in management because he has all of the qualities of a manager. If anyone is reading this and thinking of purchasing from this location, call and ask for Alex. He really suprised me because many of the reviews are so-so. He was unlike any other associate at nordstrom or macys (which is where I usually get my clothing) Call and set an appointment with him, you won't regret it!Thanks again, Alex Danesi
2	I've almost exclusively purchased dress clothes here since my first suits. They have the best selection and an expert staff, so it's disappointing to have to write a less than stellar review for this Men's Wearhouse.I went to get a jacket and a pair of pants tailored earlier this week and had a couple of issues. First was getting hassled about exchanging a gift for the next size down without a receipt. I then found out it would take 7 days to get two simple alterations done. Between this and a less than friendly cashier, The overall customer experience was less than satisfactory. I called after 5 days to see if they had maybe gotten my alterations done early (by their standards) and they said they would check and call me back. I never got a call back. I would still consider going back to Men's Wearhouse, but will try to find a more hometown place with a better customer experience before I do.
5	I love this location! Ask for Sandra in the Tux section - she does image consulting and will give you the, "God's honest truth" about your fashion picks. She picks out clothes & suits for me all the time - she is a God-send! Seriously - visit this location the next time you need casual, dress and formal wear & ask for Sandra!
5	Used this location for my Wedding Tux rental.  There are 11 total rentals for my upcoming wedding - Me, Best Man, 5 Groomsmen, 2 Dads (biological and step), and 2 ring bearers (twin boys).  They got me in, and out in about 30 minutes for the initial meeting.  They explained all the options, pricing, etc.  Very professional.  The "kid" (probably 22) didn't provide much assistance or recommendations...but the other staffers that assisted me did.  This part of the review I would give 4 stars - slightly better than average service/etc.  1 star deducted because I HAVE to pick up the tux 2 days before the wedding and not the day before.Popped in there this past weekend for the fitting/measurements - was in and out in 5 minutes!  But then I decided to browse (bc using the voucher towards a new suit vs the free tux).  Emmett H. - was there to assist me. I didn't think I needed assistance (bought many suits in my life) - but Emmett was great.  He has a calm professional demeanor about him.  He was very knowledgeable about all the suits and the origins, fabric, stitching, etc.  Very very helpful.  He then helped me look at this fantastic suit - Italian made, imported wool, German stitching style - Top Notch.  I can't wait to pick it up.  Emmett said he has 2 (I believe) FT Tailors on-hand and can have the alterations done relatively quickly (permitting demand).  I think Emmett is my new Suit-Guy in AZ!Overall - 4.5 stars.  Emmett gets 5, the store 4, so overall 4.5.
