5	Darn rushed over here after work to see if I could be the first to review. Well ya got have short term goals right? Wider aisles and the largest Sq feet TJS in vegas. Ezekiel bread for $3.69 gets my vote. All the good things one expects to find . Parking looks like it's prett
4	Finally! A trader joe's on this side of town!  There aren't many surprises with this market as they are all relatively similar.  I do like the fact that its located on the outskirts of downtown summerlin so the parking spots are not as difficult to find!Its a great time of year to get some pumpkin-specific products like the pumpkin bread pudding!
5	Saxby and I stopped by TD's today after karate class to get something for dinner and use a TD gift card I've been sitting on for almost a year now. We picked up enough food for two dinners a bottle of wine and dessert and a couple of other things and spent $40!The staff is super friendly, the quality of product is unbelievable and the variety of wine and beer is incredible! Trader Joe's is our new grocery store.
5	A coveted item that is usually all sold out at other Trader Joe's locations in the LV valley could still be found here, not just first thing in the morning, but even after I returned from just doing my day's activity almost 6 hours later.  On top of that, Hannah (one of the friendly and very helpful store associates I spoke to), offered to put the item on hold in the back for me just in case they run out when I got back.  That is A+ service right there.The store is practically brand new (since Downtown Summerlin, which it is located in, just opened to the public not even 20 days ago), but you can tell the staff puts in extra effort in keeping the displays, shelves, aisles and the store in near photo shoot ready state.  In spite of the huge crowd of customers that descends upon the store in the afternoon.  Clear indicator that they collectively are proud and more than likely happy to be working at this Trader Joe's.The overall selections and prices of items here are just as good and reasonable as other Trader Joe's.  The quality and freshness of perishable items here however seem to be of extra high quality.  But that could just be all the other positive vibes influencing my subconscious perception of the store while I happily shopped here.Trader Joe's just keep doing what you all are doing now, and happy customers will continue to return for more!Service:  5/5 Cleanliness/Store Appearance:  5/5Parking:  4.5/5 Plentiful, even when the store was packed with customers.Selection: 4/5  Has just about everything you can think of, and then some.Pricing:  4/5 Competitive.Overall impression:  Easy 4.5+ stars
4	Grocery shopping makes me a happy camper and this new location within Downtown Summerlin location is no exception! This is in super-duper convenient location (right off Sahara and 215 beltway) with plenty of parking, spacious isles, stocked full of specialty items (IE: loads of cookie butter and other TJ goodness), and that impeccable customer service that I adore. Clearly, I am excited  that this location opened up and will take the place of my other frequented Trader Joe location on Washington Ave. Need more reasons to love Trader Joes? Try this... They carry an ever-changing list of products that are minimally processed (hello seasonal items - Fall pumpkin extravaganza products - or Christmas white chocolate peppermint pretzels). They also cater to those who are health conscious! Whether you're looking for gluten free snacks, fresh organic fruits and veggies, wild-caught fish, organic products, free-range chicken, organic eggs .... Trader Joe's has G-O-T you covered. Trust me.... You don't need all the added junk that traditional grocery stores add to their products. Cut to the chase and come here get the real deal for bottom dollar pricing that will make you (and your wallet) very happy.
5	YAY!!! Trader Joe"s is open!My expected experience was not disappointing yesterday when I went to the newest TJ's location in Las Vegas. I love your coffee...I love your people...I love that you're here!Thank you for opening in Summerlin.
5	Very impressed. Loved the big wide isles, foreign to other Trader Joe's in Vegas. This made it SO much easier to get in and out quick. Loved the selection. I went in the evening and they had fully stocked shelves....yay! Friendly staff. Welcome to Summerlin!
4	Absolutely best Trader Joe's I have been to so far in Las Vegas and San Antonio. First off Trader joes has amazing prices vs. Other grocery stores. The selections of pre made dips and different meats is the number one thing I  love about it. Its is one of the only stores that I have seen carry Hawaiian shorts ribs already marinaded!! (Mmmm). They don't have tons of produce but they do have a good selection. They have awesome bouquets of fresh flowers that are super cheap! Natural shampoos, toothpaste, ect. Dog food, wine, gluten free selections, and on on!!In think it was such a great idea to hide a fake  parrot....or at this store it's a sea horse, to keep kids occupied while shopping. If they find the hidden Sea horse they get a treat. Yay!!!  They have these adorable little kids carts too which my kids loved!
4	Can I say how amazing it is to drive less than 5 miles for a trader joes?! If you've never been, lots of organic and non gmo foods, but also many pre packaged things, like bagged onions vs picking your own.  No butcher, no deli, and limited on 'regular" supermarket items like cherrios and windex, but you will find "trader joe-o's" They have great food stuffs, but this can't be the only market you shop at
4	Like most everyone I know, I am super stoked about having a TJ's in Summerlin.  It's conveniently located right off of the 215 and Sahara and is conveniently situated as far away from the rest of Downtown Summerlin as possible (read: fewer mall traffic jams).  This new location is considerably bigger than the one on Washington and boasts wide aisles with tons of product.  What strikes me most about TJ's is the happy-can-do attitude sported by all of the staff.  They seem genuinely delighted to be there, which only adds to the overall shopping experience.  Of course, free samples and inexpensive goodies galore throughout the store don't hurt.  :)  While I can't do ALL of my grocery shopping at TJ's, I can definitely stock up on specialty items (1 pound chocolate bars for baking and eating for less than $5?!) and some staple items (soy/almond milks) here without being gouged at the till.
4	I am very pleased to have Trader Joe's very close to my house.  I needed something for dinner I was making and I almost went to my normal place before I realized TJ's was much closer and I hadn't gone their yet.In 3 minutes I was parking and walking into the store.  I found what I needed quickly and then did a bit of meandering before going to checkout.  I found some other things I got that was different from what I see in regular groceries.  This is why TJ's is so good to have so close.My only time with staff was at checkout which was quick.  The attendant was pleasant and efficient and I was on my way in no time at all.Great store!
5	Always a good staple in the community for groceries. If you like fresh and quality, this is your place to shop. Now closer to my side of town, in and out convience for parking, however, (not during the up coming holiday season as I am sure this place will be crowded!) it will be more of a quick trip for me now. I can always find something new to try, today we're trying their mac n cheese, heard it was suppose to be good. Also picked up some can delights for my fur balls, they always enjoy a little pate for dinner. Clean, friendly staff, knows their stuff, very helpful!
4	Trader Joe's has some great deals on wine and meats. They always have great fresh flowers. Try the TJ reserve cab it is my favorite. Welcome to the neighborhood.
2	The only reason I tried this new location is because it's closer to my home than the ones on Washington or Decatur, however, I like both of those locations better. It was opening day so of course it was crowded, however, I went to get everything pumpkin spice and they were missing my faves. I got what I could there but still had to go to the other locations to get what I needed. I will try one more time when the novelty of Downtown Summerlin wears off but in the mean time, I'll go to the one on West Washington since the staff is more experience and hella more friendly. If you need something there they will search until they find it.I wish all the locations were open 24/7 since we all have food allergies and organic is essential to avoid ER visits. I'm just happy with the close proximity for now.
5	I love this Trader Joes! It's a lot more spacious than the one by my house, so I don't always have to squeeze next to people in the aisles or awkwardly find a place in line. The employees are also very nice here and have complimented my purchases each time I've been here. Of course, it is also in a very convenient location being right in the new shopping mall, so I can do my grocery shopping after walking around Downtown Summerlin.
5	My new neighborhood store!I'm extremely excited to see this store open near me! It's extra spacious, new & pretty! I've been a fan of these locations for many years so did I mention I'm excited this opened near me?!?!? LOL!Keep up the great job & keep expanding! These stores have an incredible selection of many goodies like cheese, veggies, sweets, imported delicacies, pastas, sauces, wines, beauty products and so much more!If you aren't familiar with this place you should check it out!
4	So happy to have a TJ's close to home. Very clean, organized and super friendly staff. This has been my go to store for my family for many years. Salads are always fresh and love the variety that they carry. Will be here lots!
4	Great new Trader Joe's location. It's a great location for me. Almost as good as if they had opened one closer to my house.The store is larger than most and the aisles are nice and wide. They are slightly longer than others. The parking situation is nice and orderly. I'll be shopping here a lot.
5	This Is my second favorite TJ location.  Store Is clean  & very spacious. Employees are always friendly.
4	What's not to love about Trader Joe's!  The location in the corner of the Downtown Summerlin parking lot is convenient.  Even better it's an exit away from my house.  I first went when it was still fairly new and they had people directing traffic and still not a problem to get in and out of.   Just like the other locations in town it's clean and everything is easy to find and there is always assistance nearby if you need it.  My only complaint would be lack of cart returns but I understand that TJ's was limited on requesting additional ones.  Could be my imagination but I feel like the aisles are also wider.  And I think the placement of the food sample area location was smart as it's in a corner so not causing cart back up and crowds like I've seen at the Buffalo location.
5	One of my colleagues introduced me to this store and OMG, I love it!! I think I go there like 2-3 times a week. Lol. Mainly for cabernet, nacho tortilla chips and asparagus-provolone filled ravioli along with some others. I was big on Whole Foods, but this store is much better and the prices are reasonable.
3	How do I start this review... Hmmmm! Well first of all I'm glad they are just down the street. They have most of the limited items we like...3 star.  However the check out process needs improvement dont you agree?.... We would love a self check out not to many items on the run, that way we would not have to wait wait wait for the male checkers try to get a date with the female customers. Then watch the female customers bag bust everything hit the floor, it was impressive customer service. We try to time our visits so we dont have to deal with customers that think their rich and famous its so annoying to see them treat the staff and other customers like crap. We stopped in the other day and a woman with 5yr old son running the mini cart into everything (damages) my wife was stunned as we tried to get away from her it was crazy we couldnt get away... Happy Holidays.... I approve this message JK KUHL..
3	This Trader Joe's has a few things going for it including the all critical location, location, and location.  While the service is good, the selection is a bit lacking since it's definitely one of the smaller ones I've been at which is somewhat disappointing.They could widen the check outs a little bit too.  While I don't mind the cramped style that many places like Whole Foods and others more organic type grocery places have, the whole back to back setup is annoying. I really don't wish to be in someone else's personal space nor would I like them in mine.Other than that?  Well it's a Trader Joe's.  What is there to say.
5	I'm so thankful Trader Joe's opened up another store in Vegas. I'm such a fan of TJ's.I came here one night and the customer service of this location was superb. The manger was walking up and down the aisles and connected with all the clientele.  I had a random question to ask one of their associates about papayas and he didn't know the answer so he stopped what he was doing and asked the lead of the produce department. I was impressed on his willingness to help. Yay for Trader Joe's Summerlin.
5	This is hands down the best thing that has opened near my house. I have always loved Trader Joes but this one is awesome! The fresh flower selection is amazing, not only bouquets but also single stem flowers. The staff is really great too! Every time we go into the store everyone asks how we are doing and how are week is going or something like that. Love this location because of the people, the items and that its always clean and on-point. Last time we went there a guy named Joey helped us, I wish all stores had an employee like him. Great experience, always!
