4	This place never seems to be closed. Always open when u need them and great selection of toppings. Portions are huge and a full meal in itself. Great for a last minute cheap meal.
4	Baked Potatoes are saving me from an early fast food grave.Mr Hot Potato have more fillings than you can imagine (some extremely questionable... pineapple?) but rest assured you'll be catered for however you like it. As Stephanie says it rarely costs you more than a fiver for a good wholesome meal that won't leave you bloated or hungry!
4	Stuart's review of Mr Hot Potato brought back some dark but recent memories for me. I've been to Mr Hot Potato, and out of curiosity I got ham and pineapple on my potato. It was fucking hideous.Lesson learned, but I was asking for it I suppose, and on subsequent visits my chicken curry and boring old cheese taters have never been less than exemplary. All well under that magical five banger mark to boot.
4	It's thanks to my fellow Yelpers that I finally tried Mr Hot Potato. It was nine thirty one night and I desperately needed something tasty and nutritious to soak up the cocktails I'd just consumed. After wandering the streets with my cocktail partner and turning up empty handed, I pulled out my iPhone, fired up the Yelp app and discovered... Mr Hot Potato was ten minutes away!I'll be honest, each footstep to the take-away felt like a mile but when we finally arrived, we were greeted with a friendly smile and two baked potatoes that looked as big as the moon. From what I remember, they tasted pretty damn good too.
4	Ive been going to this place since I was a boy (im now 28) and his potatoes are consitently the best around. You get a large potato and filling and the man who runs it is always game for a laugh. Highly recommend it.
4	Oh no, the fridge is bare. These were my initial thoughts this nice Thursday evening. I may as well have jumped around my kitchen and hit myself over the head with a light bulb for the genius idea that then followed - That baked potato place always looks so tempting when I go past AND it is like 2 minutes up the road. A la Gordon Ramsay, Thursday night Dinner - DONE.So I took a brief stroll up the road to arrive and decide on my baked potato delight! They have so many different fillings (they vary from cold to hot, and veggie to meaty) that I did actually change my mind from Spicy mixed beans with Chicken, to something else spicy, with chicken and peas, and beans and spinach with a lovely kick to it. Oh and some cheese, every baked 'tater' needs cheese.The service wasn't great to say the least, but it was quick and I left carrying what was a decidedly heavy box. I was exciting to see what was inside, and when I got home I saw, a HUGE potato stacked full of yummy filling! I kid you not, it was such a satisfying tea, purely based on the size of it, and it was only four squid. So I am now utterly stuffed! Very tasty, great value for money and so much better than picking up a chippie on the way home!
5	I got my first Mr Hot Potato last night, I have to say it's the best baked potato I've ever had, so much taste! Yummy
