1	What a load of crap... first off, the salespeople completely ignored us in light of the tony stewart promo people giving away free shi* out front. They were all in line to stuff their fat faces at the hotdog grill spewing gaging black smoke all over the front of the dealershit(and choking us at the same time) When I finally just shoved my way through the line of "starving" salespeople to get inside, to my amazement(insert sarcasm here) THERE WAS NO ONE INSIDE TO HELP US!!!(SHOCKER) So after finally getting flipped through 3 different people and an hour worth of paperwork, we were told that I don't make enough to qualify for ANY OF THE PIECE OF SHIT USED JUNK THEY HAD ON THEIR SHADY A$$ LOT... and I make 10 bucks an hour and work a 50 hour work week, and I have basically shi* for bills and mediocre credit... what a joke. If I can't get financed through this shi*hole, but Findlay and Chapman are drooling to get my business A.S.A.P(they just didn't have type of car I need at the moment) SOMETHING IS SERIOUSLY WRONG WITH THIS BUSINESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!IF I WERE YOU, I WOULD JUST PASS ON THIS SCHEME... IT'S WORSE THAN DRIVETIME AND CARMAX COMBINED!!!!!!! F**K THAT!!!!
4	love the overall company but the lady at the cnac desk is snobby and rude. I had to catch myself a few times wanting to exchange words with her but other than that.. every one else is great
5	I'm giving 5 stars because as of rightnow everything is fine. Everyone was upfront with me about what I was getting myself into. I desperately needed a car and they helped me out and got me a car. I see people saying things about getting repoed and them lieing about the carfax. Well I have to check my carfax report I havent looked myself yet, but as long as you make your payments on time , everything should be fine. I've been making my payments on time and everything is fine. My car runs good it has not broken down on me,ive noticed some minor issiues but will be dropping the car off to get it fixed but as they stated , it is a used car, its not gonn be perfect.  As long as I can drive my car around without it breaking down and my credit score goes up, im a happy camper. If you do buy a car from them , you will have to pay for full coverage insurance.  They basically loan u the money for your down payment. You cant be late , or u will get repoed they told me that. So dont be late on payments if u are , u better communicate with them. Very nice people but as I said , I havent had any problems yet. And I hope I wont have any.
1	I would probably give this place no stars if I could... My sales experience with JD Byrider so far has been mediocre. My car sales lady Kat told me that my payments on my car would be reported twice as much bc I make two payments in one month. THAT WAS A LIE! Not to mention I referred one of my co-workers to this place and her car sales person forgot to send in the referral paperwork so I could get my check. I had a bunch of people constantly tell me they would call me back and they never did. So I speak to BOB the sales manager and he tells me that he's going to find out and call me back..   an hour later JUST GUESS ... No call back so I call again and he is the first person to answer the phone call, then he has the nerve to say he's on a phone conference call and that he will call me back. I don't understand if you're on a phone conference call that's so important why are you answering the main phone? That just doesn't make any sense. I could be wrong. I will say this place is a great place to go if you have bad credit and no car! That's about it.
1	DO NOT BUY FEOM THIS DEALERSHIP!!!! I've had issues with them since the first day I drove the car. Their "ASE CERTIFIED MECHANICS" don't know what their doing. I had to tell them what was wrong with the car. Save your money go to different dealership. I promise you that if you buy a car with them u will have issues with it down the line and their going to give you the run around every time you call.
