1	Boy is the name a temptation.Seriously :)  I'll try to be fair though but I'm writing at a time were this restaurant was truly life changing. So much so that I'm buying a dining room table, additional gear for the kitchen and not frequenting any chain while I'm in my hometown based on the strength of this experience. Even in a good mood this place wouldn't be breaking a 2.5 . I'm not in a good mood.  Texas cheese fries. Pretty tasteless,mess of uncrisp steak fries that are meant to be Monterrey jack , cheddar and bacon. Either the cheese mixed itself together really well or that's not what I had. Bacon , mm that is a very generous term for the toe nail clippings of meat that ended up atop it. Saving grace was only ordering 1/2 an order.Kid's meal.  Holy crap dried and scraggly carrots accompanied the most basic hot dog imaginable on the most generic bun. No refill offered this time on drink, no straw either.   By far the most cynical  kid's meal I've met. Sure make a profit but don't take the piss!  Fresh carrots are not hard to do , with white film on them.. sorry you've just earned a  1 star. Should have walked out, didn't. :( Entrees.Cajun steak . Claims to be marinated in spices that I couldn't find. They may indeed have shown them a picture of the process in the recipe but I couldn't find it. Meant to be medium rare but was medium on one side , rare on the other, close though:) Sirloin steak. Cooked as requested , a bit over seasoned. Sides: Twice baked potato.  If you ever want to open up a salt mine these guy will do it for you. You want an idea of what it's texture was?  Twice chewed would be a better name. Warm vomit with bacon bits would be  a slightly more colorful, and chunky, term.Fried onions:   came with whatever was stuck to the grill they came from.The mushrooms were the only thing that were as tasteful as expected. They looked very consistent though,  canned?   Never mind they were edible: Steak soup,really more a stew,but tasted pretty good.  Overall service was ok'ish but walking the kid to the toilet twice the staff just seemed  to want to get to where they wanted to go and not care for the toddler walking up the aisle to the restroom in front of me.  ( that's for this occasion only , past two times it's been great fun for the kid,)1.5 rounded to 1 for the carrots.
2	So, its Friday night and we decide to drive 40 miles to try Lone Star.  I asked my daughter to call and see if she can get us a reservation since I hate to wait.  She made the call and was told that we didnt need a reservation and "they would take care of us when we got there".  Okay?   When we walked in to the Lone Star there was 3 or 4 couples waiting to be seated and I was told it would be 15 minutes.  I asked if they accepted reservations and was told "only for 6 or more people".  How nice.  We were seated about 15 minutes later and promptly waited on.  The server had no expression, no personality, no nothing....  Like a robot.  Our food was average and best and very salty.  It was nothing special and the bill was about $75.00 for two adults and two teenage girls.   We will not be returning....
3	Family and I thought this place wasn't too bad. Daughter loved their salads. Wife also enjoyed hers. Mine must not have been that great since I can not remember what I ate!!!! It has been ten days ago since we were there. But once again I am drawing an blank. The service was decent though!
3	Stopped in at 1:00 on a Sunday, seated quickly. Friendly server (Garrett).  The bread they serve was warm, moist and very good. I had a cup of chili, it was pretty good, had the right amount of spice, even my 8 y.o. liked it. We all chose the "Sunday sirloins" , wife and son had sides of broccoli and sweet potato . Sweet potato could have been a bit more flavorful,  but still was OK.  Steaks were juicy but not quite done right. More medium than medium rare.
