5	This is a great, funky, local shop!  You get to pick out elegant,  individual chocolate pieces for pretty boxes that make GREAT gifts-or you can keep it all to yourself!  They have lots of interesting combinations of flavors, but it still tastes like chocolate-a plus-considering you're buying chocolate!  (I don't want to eat chocolate that tastes like something else) My favorite is the Balsamic infused truffle-a must try.  Maurie's also has some really unique solid pieces that my friends go nuts over when I give them as gifts (designer chocolate shoes, chocolate alligators, ducks, which are great for baby showers, and many other really cool pieces.  I always enjoy stopping in.  The people are friendly and helpful with whatever you are looking for.  If you want awesome, special chocolate, definitely check out Maurie's!
4	good local chocolatier. Why are all the 5 star reviews "filtered" below? beats me...
5	Still great chocolate.  Don't know why all of the good review for this place are filtered-like someone else's review stated.I get my chocolate only from here.
4	Delightful little independent chocolatier in Mad-town!While on a bit of an errand, I made my way to Maurie's on Monroe in order to pick up a grip - I kid, more like 25-30 - packages of chocolates. Lovely, truffle-y things they were... and the nice lady behind the counter gave me a sample for the walk back to HotelRED to boot!I love little shops like this that take care to execute their particular craft correctly... and they're not necessarily big, you know, but they do what they do very very well.Me + Madison + craving chocolate = headed to Maurie's, or looking for their chocolates in local shops/at markets. Win!
4	Walking into Maurie's is like walking into an art gallery that smells like the paint, canvas, and frames are all made of Swiss milk chocolate. Aside from the classic truffles, toffees, and sea salted caramels there are shoes made of chocolate. Seriously. Shoes. "Winner of National Award One of a Kind Artisan Designed Chocolate Shoe." Solid dark chocolate, completely edible shoes. Ruffles, straps, buckles. Is this some kind of twisted, dark, chocolate Cinderella-at-the-Ball nightmare? And by nightmare I mean dream. I opted for a few simple chocs and shied away from the cocoa stilettos, but I am intrigued and abso-boot-ly going back.
5	Stumbled across Maurie's during the Monroe St Festival yesterday. I immediately fell in love. The small little store has such a large volume of chocolate, and delicious at that!I got the En Voyage signature cherry chocolate sheets, and my girlfriend got a milk chocolate cat that is just ADORABLE.We even got a free dark chocolate bar with our purchase.This local business is great.Currently in chocolate paradise. see: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U7y6kXwMo_M
