2	The restaurant is big and has lots of windows with a large room capable of holding a big group.  The waiters are friendly and efficient.On the day I went with my husband, I had breakfast and he had lunch.  My eggs and bacon were good but the hash browns were crispy sticks and the toast was dry and tasteless.  My husband liked his patty melt OK but thought he had many elsewhere that were better.  I wanted to like this place a lot because it is convenient and well liked by our neighbors.  I would try it again but would order different toast and something else other than crispy hash browns (which was never a problem anywhere else!)  Do not order crispy hash browns - warning!
5	The only downfall to this place is that it's so busy!!! The demand speaks for the quality of Micky D's Cafe. Everybody wants some! She's a very sweet little old lady, and provides a lot of jobs to locals. This place has wonderful biscuits and gravy and pancakes. I eat here once every 2 weeks or so. Wonderful breakfast, fast friendly service
1	No better than when it used to be called Golden West.  Ate there 1 time & will never go back.
4	As anyone who follows my Yelps knows, we are new to town and trying to find the 'heart' of AJ. Mickey D's is what small town America is all about!!! The biscuits and gravy (call them B&G if you want to fit in) are out of this world! Both the biscuits and the gravy are obviously made in house with quality ingredients. Coffee is poured into your cup almost immediately and you get the 'welcome' feeling right away!The owner spotted that we were newbies and gave us a tour and took our suggestions for menu ideas to heart. They see their customers as real people and are open 365 days a year! On the down side... I would have given them 5 stars except I did have trouble finding a healthy choice for breakfast and the coffee was a bit weak. I chose the oatmeal, which was average...some steel cut oats, blueberries, granola, yogurt and wheat toast would have been incredible.! But now I know what to expect and will be adding a few more cheat days to my life:)!
4	What a joy to eat at Mickey D's.  Came with a friend who wanted to take me somewhere authentic.  Truly a wonderful experience that goes so far beyond food.
4	Great breakfast.  We all got the biscuits and gravy and went home in a gravy coma.  Portions are huge, gravy is a little (stress little) bland but the best we've had out by far.  Eggs were a little undercooked but bacon was crisp and tasty.  Owners were friendly and welcoming.  Will definitely be back and will take my father in law when they come to visit. Clean with a friendly staff.  If you are looking for a tasty, hearty breakfast, give them a try.
3	This is an acceptable breakfast place.  Heads up that sodas do not have free refills (and they won't tell you that when you order).  Hubby liked his biscuits and gravy and my veggie omelette was good too.
2	Mediocre food at best. For breakfast meals you can get better quality for the same price at Ihop. Wish they had more combo meals. Their only breakfast combo that came with eggs and bacon or sausage was their biscuits and gravy. I ordered the waffles and had to order eggs and bacon as sides. They also do not have a kids' menu.
3	I have been here a few times in the span of two and a half years, every time with family. I would probably not go if it were my choice. I have senior relatives who go here almost on a daily basis. The entire restaurant is seniors (not that that's bad) and is always packed full and some days hard to get into. Mickey is very nice and tries to help whenever she can and makes everyone feel welcome. I think some people come just because of her. They also do free Thanksgiving and free Christmas dinner to anyone who comes in. Over the times I have been here, I have found the food for the most part is lacking flavor, more so salt than anything else. It is really a 'who it caters to' kind of place with low sugar, little to no salt. Their biscuits and gravy are supposed to be very well liked, but I have found they are not anything to write home about and can get better made at home or anywhere else, though they do give you a huge portion if it's the full order. I once had a pancake sandwich here. Don't think I would have it again. They also gave me some very sour freezer burned strawberries in syrup to go along with it.Another time I had the fish special for that day and the breading wasn't crispy, nor cooked all the way and was soggy falling off my fish. I could not eat the rest of it and couldn't really grab a waiter and didn't have one come check to send it back. The coleslaw however was very good! One sitting, we had not gotten served for about a half hour while people around us had come and gone and gotten their food. Our waitress was running around and kept telling us our food would be right out. All the while neighboring tables were asking us what we ordered that was taking so long. My grandpa asked where our food was and without going back to the kitchen told us that some other waitress had taken our order by mistake. She ran back to the kitchen and went back to waiting tables. We still waited quite a while before we could flag her down again. Eventually food did come out. Her story didn't seem convincing and we believe she did not put the order in at all.The best, and only really enjoyable thing I have had here was a patty melt. That was a couple weeks ago. I think maybe their day of the week specials are better and more care taken to them than their daily menu.
4	We love this place. Family friendly, great service & good food.
4	We were looking for a comfortable breakfast/lunch, small town, good food establishment...and hit pay dirt ay Mickey D's. The chicken-rice soup was very good, as requested the fries were crispy - which is seldom the case, and the pecan waffle was a solid half meal of itself.Did I mention, the service and attitudes were gracious and accommodating.
2	Meh.  Coffee was weak and everything else was average at best. I had heard good things about their biscuits and gravy. While the biscuit was quite fluffy the gravy really wasn't anything to write home about and the eggs tasted weird.
1	I ate here once with my wife shortly after they opened under the name Mickey D's. The service was slow and unfriendly. The food was over priced, bland and i could have gotten better tasting food from McDonalds. The worst in my opinion was being charging $1 for a can of pepsi that was lukewarm and then being told they had no ice for my pepsi. I have not been back since.
1	Went to Mickey D's for first time today for Friday fish fry.  We were not impressed at all.  Did receive food fairly fast, thank you, BUT, our lunch consisted of two small pieces of cod, mediocre in taste, ton of fries and little bowl of tasteless cole slaw and warm bun.  Tartar sauce was also tasteless.  Cost was $6.25, thought a little much for two small pieces of fish.   Definitely won't be back.  Did look at breakfast items and thought quite expensive and if the food was quantity of what we had in fish quantity, not good.
4	This is one of our go to places as we head out to the state park to hike the mountains. Traditionally a great breakfast place, but we did lunch.The burgers were ok. Homemade tasting buns. I had the chili burger, the chili was luke warm, yet it saved the burger. Service was excellent. I give it a 4-star because the years of coming here this was the first time there have been issues with the food. We will come again.
2	I've been here 6 times in the past 6 months and every visit was the same. When we walked in, we were never acknowledged and stood there for about 15 minutes then decided to seat ourselves. Then once one of the sketchy waitresses notices us, we order. Our food usually comes out fast and it is usually good. We have never been asked how our food is, never got refills, and I got a serious bad attitude from one of the waitresses that I flagged down and asked for a to go box. The coffee sucks and its very unorganized. There is always money left on all the tables for tips that none of the waitresses seem to pick up. The bathrooms are clean but very small. The only reason I come back is because the food is usually good and the prices are really cheap. I just really hate how bad the service is here! The waitresses all look like drug addicts which is typical for AJ. Maybe I'm treated like crap because I'm not one of the usual 90 year old customers??
4	Came for breakfast/lunch and good was food. Had the deluxe cheeseburger and salad. Really crisp large side salad and my burger was delicious. Soft Kaiser type bun and with thousand island dressing on it....yum
5	Eat here on a regular basis and have for many years.  Lots of changes going on with the new owners.  Free refills on drinks, new items on the menu, better decor, not so ...old....for lack of a better word.  Wait staff is always nice, place is always clean food is always good.  Comfort food.  A bit busy in the winter when then the snowbirds are flocking and hard to get in but worth the wait for breakfast.
4	We eat here all the time. We frequently hold large meetings here as well. They are very accommodating. Since the new owners took over, the food has improved. They also installed carpeting to cut down the noise level. The original staff is still here, which is great. They do a good job of taking care of us. Even when there is a crowd, we don't wait long to receive our food.
5	We had breakfast this morning. It was very good... Very good coffee. Great service!!  Omelets, pancakes, biscuits and gravy was all good! Not a fancy place. But  a good local place. We will come back again!!
5	My buddy Phil suggested we try this place. Nice little restaurant in AP. Friendly, good service with reasonable prices. Lots of parking. Definitely adding to our list.Food was great. We had a regular breakfast, two eggs an hash browns. I had a Lil piggy omelet with side of links. The sausage links were huge.
