5	This has to be the best restaurant in Madison!  A very relaxed open atmosphere in the Machinery Row loft.  I love the look of the space - exposed beams and ductwork, gorgeous tile and pewter bar.  I also really like the flip out windows at the kitchen - you can look in and see what is going on. Checkout this article for why it made the Best Eats 2006 at the Isthmus newspaper.http://www.isthmus.com/eats/article.php?article=5178The food is out of this world - french bistro.  Don't miss the warm duck confit salad, skate wing, and steak w/ frites.  All are delicious.  I have not had a bad dish there yet.  The prices are very reasonable for someone used to Chicago restaurant pricing. Newly opened, the place is very popular.  In fact, at one visit we had a 5pm reservation (due to an event that evening) and at 4:45, there were about 10 people waiting to get in!If you like Sardine, you should also check out their breakfast & lunch place, Marigold Kitchen, which is right off the square.
4	Stopped in for Sunday night dinner late and had the chicken I'd heard so much about.  Fantastic.  Others in my party had more traditional bistro dishes and all were satisfied.  Can't discuss the noise issue too much since the place was pretty much empty at 10 PM on a Sunday but I'll be heading back for sure.
4	I've been a huge fan of Marigold Kitchen for years.  I really like what John and Philip have done there.I've been to Sardine only three times, so I can't really have a strong opinion just yet.   The roasted half chicken was to die for.  Steak was good, but not great.  House cured salmon salad was also good (but not great).The frites are simply the best in Madison. Hands down.Decor is excellent, I love what they've done with the space.  Now they need to work on the noise level which right now is simply not acceptable.  It is LOUD and totally detracts from what could be a *very* wonderful dining experience.Sardine, as I'd expect from these two, will probably become one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  Just gotta give them some time to work out the kinks.
4	Have been wanting to try Sardine since it opened and I was mostly not disappointed. Some things I observed:1. Apparently, Sunday night is NOT a good time to go; it was crowded (oh well) but more importantly, they seemed to be out of EVERYTHING. Salmon? No. Whitefish? No. Signature sardine appetizer? No. Beef carpaccio salad? No. This leads me to number 2...2. Rather disappointing rainbow trout with watercress cream, which my dining companion resorted to given dearth of salmon and whitefish. Presentation was nice, but it was a little bland. He raved about the accompanying vegetables (carrots, vidalia onions, etc.) but considered the trout forgettable enough that we actually forgot the leftovers on our kitchen table and had to toss them the next morning.3. That said, the warm duck confit salad was awesome. I am normally anti-frise, but I was seduced.4. Charcuterie plate appetizer was a welcome substitute for the sardines. I devoured the duck liver. 5. Tables were a little close together, close enough that I was embarrassed on behalf of the guy at the adjacent table when he asked what "haricots verts" were and the waiter was like "green beans." Awkward.6. Foie gras? Such an illicit thrill for a Chicagoan!Bottomline: pretty tasty, and I will go back.
2	My husband and I heard great things about Sardine so we were eager to try it out. However, we were thoroughly disappointed by our experience. The layout has the feel of going out to a large chain restaurant (like the Macaroni Grill) and as others have mentioned, the noise level made it difficult to have a romantic night out. We had heard that the warm duck salad was good, so we tried it and were pleased (the only positive of the evening.) We also ordered a side of fries, and we got fries that we could have gotten at any other restaurant for half the cost. When we moved on to the main courses, I had the skate which was served with fingerling potatoes and greens. The skate was interesting, but the potatoes were completely burnt on one side (they were served good side up) and the charred taste was overpowering so I was unable to enjoy them. The greens were so bitter that they weren't edible either. My husband got the halibut, which was cooked well, but the sauce it was in had no flavor and did not complement the fish well at all. For the amount of money we spent, I'd much rather go enjoy a quiet meal at Harvest or L'Etoile.
4	It seems people either love or hate Sardine.  I'd vote its much better than the haters say and not quite as good as the ravers claim.  Here's why:Pros:The mussels and frites rival some of the best I've ever had.Appetizers are outstanding.The bar is comfy, the drinks are strong.It just feels cool in the space. Lake. View.Not nearly as expensive as it could be.Cons:The entrees are good but not outstanding.  Portions are large but some selections are hit-or-miss.  Sometimes crowded.Go for some drinks, appetizers and the mussels and you won't be disappointed.
5	Walk in (by yourself, even) grab a seat at one of the high tables around the bar area, or at the bar itself, on any weeknight and enjoy it. Or bring some friends on a weekend night, either way Sardine satisfies.Start with the confit salad. Its lovely and maybe french onion soup? Then move on to the moules frites. Have the appetizer portion - its plenty of food and will let you save room for desert....the molten choc cake is typically good., not what you'd expect in a higher end resto or your corner bistro in Paris for example, but tolerable (hehe).  Work your way around the wines by the glass on the chalk board above the bar, or dive into a bottle from the well rounded wine list. No complaints about this place other than not availing myself of its charms frequently enough.
5	This is a very lively, fun restaurant.  Don't really understand the haters here; you can do so much worse than this.  The food is good, sometime excellent.  This ain't fine dining, nor is it intended to be.  This is so much like a casual brasserie on the left bank of Paris.  Madison is lucky to have this place!  This place would easily have hour plus waits in Chicago.
4	I have only been to Sardines for apps and drinks.  I thought it was fabulous and I am looking forward to having an actual meal there.
4	I was a little doubtful that Madison could execute French cuisine well, but this place proved me wrong :) The bar area was tres chic Euro with tiles, lights, and bonus points for reminding me of the cute bistro my boyfriend and I first went to on our first date. The squash soup I ordered was a deep orange, smooth, creamy and delicious. To take down its sweetness there was some broccoli rabe puree mixed in. For my entree, I was also wowed by the skate wing garnished with capers. The little potato slices it was served with were cooked JUST right with the right amount of seasoning. If the dish could be improved at all, the skate wing might have been cooked just a little less. Granted after all this food, I did not have room for dessert, but the creme brulee sounded tantalizing! We also had a gracious, attentive server. She was more than happy to substitute hericots verdes (green beans) for the broccoli rabe my dish came with, making my dinner all the more delicious. I might also take away this place's paper menus and replace them with more formal ones. Otherwise, bon appetite at Sardine, and you will be glad you came. Sardine is easily one of my more favorite restaurants in Madison!
5	Do you know how hard it is to find a good restaurant when you're in town for business for 1 (maybe 2) nights?  I dined at Sardine this evening and had a great meal and great service.First, the space is large and looks very cool -- loft-like with a white tile/mirrored bar area.  I dined alone at the bar and was very comfortable.  The bartender said that it was a slow night (the bar was never full) and it was very nice.  He was attentive and tailored his spiel to fit my needs ( I wanted a glass of wine and dinner, not oysters, desert and a lenghty discussion).I read reviews and ordered the skate wing along with a glass of rioja and a house salad.  The food was amazing.  The skate wing was tender and flavorful -- the lemon/caper sauce was perfect.  The broccoli rabe was cooked al dente and just my style.  The little (fingerling) potatoes that accompanied it were a perfect accompaniment.  The salad (again, my favorite food) was very well done.  I didn't think it was possible to f up a salad until J. Christopher's (see 1st review) but this salad was delicious...crunchy chick peas and even the thinly slice leeks were good with everything else (i hate raw onions).  The dressing really complimented the greens (which I can eat all by themsleves) and the wine was perfecto (the rioja by the glass).It wasn't that expensive considering the quality and the quantity and if this place we're in Atlanta (where we have amazing restaurants), it would be packed every night.  i'd dine at sardine every night if only it were only in the ATL.
5	I rarely give 5 stars, but I wish I could give little more to this place. I had a surprise birthday party with crowd of 10+ people.  My friend reserved the back place for the party, and they even let us decorate the place with the giant happy birthday tag. The staffs were extremely kind and polite. The service throughout the evening was impeccable.  With all the comotion, I didn't have time to thoroughly inspect the wine list, but the French brut I was drinking was perfect accompaniment to steamed mussels, vegetable fritter (piccolo fritto - airy fry of zucchini, fennel, tomato, eggplant - superb), and ahi entree. The ahi was cooked slightly longer than I would have liked, but the seasoning was spot on for the fish as well as for the accompanied salad.  The restaurant has very clean tone. Open, airy, and perfect amount of lighting for the good mood. I loved the dark wood floor as well. A perfect date spot? You bet!
4	Went for brunch on Sunday. Pretty reasonably priced, compared to the dinner menu. The restaurant is nice inside. The only thing I didn't like was the fact that they wouldn't push together two tables together by the window to accommodate our party. So, we squeezed five settings onto a four-top. The view is just lovely, and the ambiance is nice. I have to say, I was impressed with our waitress. Either she's a veteran, or Sardine just hires excellent staff in general. She was right on top of everything, including topping off our beverages, and making sure that everything was going well, without being overbearing. The only thing more annoying than a server who never comes around is a server who is at the table between every bite!I ordered the smoked salmon sandwich(which came with radish, cucumber, egg and watercress) and was very pleased. The salmon was very good, and there was a decent portion(in fact, I didn't even finish it). *in case you didn't read my man's review...his sister found a bug in her greens. Gross. The waitress was really nice, and swiftly replaced her meal, and of course took it off the tab!I will definitely go back on a Sunday morning, maybe next time I'll get one of their fruit pastries, which sounded delish!
4	A creative menu, good quality food, good prices, and excellent service.  I ate there on a Friday evening, walk in without a reservation, and received a table for two without any wait.  The appetizers were their piccolo fritto and scallops, of which I'll avoid the fritto next time but highly recommend the scallops (only 2 of 'em though).  We followed that up by entrees including the fish of the day and the lamb chops.  Both, quite delicious, served hot, and were very well timed to our own pace of the meal (which was a quite slow).I would highly recommend this place for the good food I mentioned above, but the fact that they can keep up with what's going on in the 'dining scene':  having both people at the table try the wine, serving only still water without pushing the bottled/sparking unless requested, more reasonable sized portions, etc., are all the 'little things' that made Sardine more enjoyable than many other nice restaurants.  The interior is spacious, but has levels and dividing walls that make for good seating everywhere... and the casual feel of the place is inviting, yet it never lacks a touch of class.
4	This place was great. We went for dinner over the holidays and had a great dinner. We didn't get to enjoy the lake view since it was covered in snow, but the space was fantastic. We started with an arugula salad and scallop dish. Both were fantastic. I had the lamb chops and my husband had the rigatoni with sausage(sounded so boring but was great!). We had a fantastic time and would definitely go back.
4	haven't been here for an actual dinner yet, but i'm certainly excited to try: Brunch was incredible, especially with the outdoor seating overlooking the lake. I had a delicious omelet stuffed with tons of fresh vegetables and my boyfriend had the french toast- we were both thrilled with the unique flavors, friendly and knowledgeable service, and great setting. We also attended their first family style dinner and could not have been more impressed.  For $50 each we received unlimited beer (a selection of 4 kinds, handpicked by the owners, and a dessert beer), appetizers, the mussels that everyone raves about, an incredible German dinner, and a selection of desserts...served to us by what seemed to be their entire serving staff, who were very attentive.  It is clear that John and Phil have a vision for this relatively new restaurant.
5	After 5 years living and frequenty dining out in San Francisco, I lived in Madison for 6 months while working on the Obama campaign.  Another ex-San Franciscan I worked with and I would generally measure the Madison restaurants we frequented by the "Could this place stay in business in San Francisco?" yardstick.  (Sorry to be a Bay Area food snob, bring on the hateration.)Sardine is one of the only restaurants that unquestionably passes that test.  In fact it is better that this restaurant is in Madison, because if it went to San Francisco with food and service this good, you'd have to wait an hour for a table.  The service is absolutely fantastic.  I've had many different waiters here and they are all friendly, knowledgeable and go above and beyond for you.  Want your martini with kalamata olives?  No problem.  Friend needs cornstarch for the cooking contest you're on your way to?  Let me bring some out in a baggie from the kitchen.And the food is top notch.  Especially the desserts.  And the oysters.  And the skatewing.  Yum!
4	Sort of a predicament.  We went for brunch and the food sucked.  Look Sardine, learn to cook eggs.  It's not hard.  They do it for a 1/4th of the price at greasy spoons across the country.  When you order over medium eggs, the yolk shouldn't be solid.  YOU SHOULD NOT FUCK THIS UP WHEN YOU CHARGE 12 dollars for two eggs and a 3/4th inch segment of ring bologna and the end of a dried out brat (billed as the 'german sausage' - god, fuck off, for fuck's sake.  German sausage...).Also, when you make an omelet, you need to do a little more than insert some tepid chunks of brie and mushroom into a folded over egg-pancake.  Omelets are light and fluffy.  Not chunky and soggy.  Gross.  But we still liked it because of the atmosphere.  Really kickass view of the lake.  If you go at noon and you concentrate real hard, it's almost as if the you're not looking out onto a frozen lake. (It was winter.)  Sun shines right in, reflecting off cars in the lot.  It's like not being in Wisconsin. I almost felt like I was home for a second.  Thank you, blinding sun.
3	A really decent meal, Sardine managed to give me my fish fix, even in the middle of a stark Wisconsin winter.The evening started out with a fantastic Veltliner at the bar, though I was tempted by the great beer menu (Anchor Steam Ale? In Wisconsin?)Then, onto the $35 prix fixe:Lobster and fennel ravioli in a rich, creme fraiche-y sauce really knocked my socks off. To follow that up, sea bass en papillote (steamed in parchment paper) with greens, potatos, and herb butter. The preparation was excellent but the fish could have been a little more flavorful. Definitely not bad for Madison, but not great for the price I paid. Dessert was a series of sorbets, all bursting with flavor, but a little over-frozen (little ice flakes and such, as if freezer-burned).I liked it and would definitely come back for lunch, but might hold off on coming back for dinner.
3	Went with a group for dinner to celebrate a friend's birthday mid-February. Bar was the site of some Onion Beer Tasting event that night and was incredibly crowded, loud and pretty young. The dining room was much better (calmer). Of the 6 of us - 4 loved our food. Most curious was that 3 got the steak frites and 2 were thrilled. The 3rd ended up with a steak that, while cooked medium rare, tasted as though it has been marinated in liquid smoke. For days. When we notified our server of the issue she was unfazed and didn't really offer any remedy but to cook it more (???). This was neither the first, nor the last, time that night that our server seemed indifferent to us / her job / her tip (???). Service and craziness in the bar certainly left something to be desired but otherwise, nice drink / wine menu, very good food for most of our group (the other person who wasn't thrilled ordered the skate wing and found perhaps that it just isn't to his taste), tasty desserts and a simple but upscale atmosphere (in the dining room).
4	I finally had a chance to check this place out, although it was just for a professional networking happy hour. Regardless, the atmosphere is really nice and the service was pleasant.I guess the only complaint I have is their beer tap handles. They use fashionable knobs that all look the same and lack any sort of labeling. Sure, it looks pleasing to the eye, but I want a beer and I don't know what you have on tap without bothering you to verbally list everything. Unfortunately, this meant I drank what everyone else was drinking because I didn't want to be that guy in a buys bar taking up too much of the bar tenders time.Now I just need to come by for a meal and truly experience what Sardine is all about.
5	Where to begin?  Well, how about at the beginning.  The magnificent, hand-crafted, custom made pewter bar that spans some 50 feet of the open, 100-year old plank wood and new "period" tile floor with stunning views of lake mendota!  A classic cocktail or wide-selection tap beer with Nate is a must to get you started.  Wine list - by the glass or bottle - is great, too. The menu is superb with lots of variety for every taste.  Try the perfect duck confit salad with lardons - yummy - to start.  The skate wing in brown butter sauce with broccoli rabe and fingerling potatoes is a tremendous entree. There's a great bar menu, too, if you want to make things a litte simplier.  Don't forget to say 'bonjour" to chef and owner Phil Hurley.
4	Sardine is awesome. Really cool interior/use of space, cool location by the lake and the food is really good. The cheese spreads are phenomenal and the bread is also pretty slick.A little tip- the mussel appetizer is the best deal there. I think it's $9 and it's just as big as the entree. Yummy.
5	Beautiful and delicious dinner tonight! Wonderful atmosphere, came with my college daughter. We both loved it. Started with the seared ahi tuna appetizer with avocado - so so so good. I had the mussels with frites/mayo which were ridiculously addictive. The mussels were fantastic. Followed by the duck confit salad - INCREDIBLE! and the chicken breast stuffed with goat cheese. I am frequently wary of chicken (esp breast) in restaurants because it's often so dry but this was bone-in, juicy, tender. It was served on a bed of corn, fava beans and BACON. I could have eaten a bucket of that stuff. SO GOOD. We both wanted dessert but were way too full. Maybe next time...
2	Sardine had all the makings of an excellent dining experience, but it fell a bit flat in my opinion. As a visitor to Wisonsin, I was very excited to see a Cheese Plate appetizer and ordered it immediately. When it arrived, I was SUPER disappointed that not ONE of the cheeses on the cheese plate was made in WISCONSIN! How do you have a cheese plate in the CHEESE STATE and not represent your own products? As for appetizers, the scallops were tasty but TINY. And an odd number of scallops (3), makes it difficult to share. The smelt was interesting and pretty good, not something I had had before. I had a salad as well and the dressing was really too oily. Overall, I was not impressed with Sardine. Especially due to the lack of Wisconsin cheese on the cheese plate!
4	Yum!  Great brunch and freshly made food.  I have been here about 6 times, and have always enjoyed it.
5	Sardine is probably my favorite restaurant in Madison. Their skatewing is absolutely wonderful and one of my favorite dishes ever. Their frites are pretty good too. They have high ceilings, huge windows w/ a lakeview, and a wooden floor and bar that make for a great and open atmosphere. The food and atmosphere are upscale casual and kind of reminds me of europe.  We've tried the salmon and trout which are great, but in my opinion nothing beats the skate. They have a good wine list and beer selection.  They also offer a bar menu w/ a salmon sandwich and burger w/ fig jam. Everything on the bar menu has been pretty tasty and everything runs around $10. Also, their icecream sandwich is grrreeatt!
4	We've been to Sardine several times and it is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  Make sure at least someone in your party has the duck confit salad...large enough to share and it is excellent.  My entree fave is the skate wing; a dish one doesn't see very often and they prepare it perfectly.  The restaurant has a rustic converted warehouse look.  Excellent service - attentive without being intrusive. A few minor areas I think they might improve upon: my better half and I both found the chairs to be uncomfortable and paper menus / dinner mats seem cheasy for fine dining.  But an overall very nice dining experience.  We'll be back.
4	Mmmmmm! Went here for brunch, very good.  Sat outside.  Really appreciate the clean french-kitchen-like decor (white tile, dark wood, etc).  Outside area was a bit small, but you can't beat the view.Went again for dinner a few months later and had another pleasant, romantic experience.  Would recommend for a special event for a family or for a date.  The food was absolutely excellent and the service is quick but not overbearing.  Very classy.
4	Sardine may be one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  The cuisine is always exciting to me.  I'm always intrigued by how they choose to pair and complement ingredients.  Every time I read the menu at this place, I rarely find any of the descriptions truly appetizing, but when the dish is front of me, it's delicious.  I am always pleasantly surprised at how they manage to transform my meh feelings into genuine "going to finish this dish even if I'm stuffed" excitement.
4	Went here for dinner once - and was fairly underwhelmed. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't as good as I expected. In fact I don't even remember what I had... and when you pay as much as one would at a place like this, it should be memorable - that's the dinner.The brunch on the other hand, was fantastic and we intend to go again. Mickey's still beats them in the bloody mary department, but the quality of the brunch menu items are by far the best we've had in Madison! Service is quick and efficient as well.
1	ABSOLUTELY WORST PLACE I HAVE EVER EATEN! My 6-person family went here to eat thinking it would be the newest hottest place to eat in town. It was a failure. We got there at 6:45 for a 7:00 reservation, we then had to wait a full 1 hour and 30 minutes, in the mean time they gave us a "free" appetizer while we waited then proceeded to charge us at the end of the dinner... The food was also horrible, it was cold when we received it and it was poorly made. We were also promised that our drinks would be free because of our major delay which wasn't true either.  Finally, the waitress was extremely rude when our requests were made, making excuses as to why our food was cold or not. Will never be going back to this place, Over priced, terrible food, worse staff, long wait, and a terrible interior.
5	The Arctic Char is amazing. Wait, everything is amazing!!! The hanger steak, the desserts, the appetizers, oh my! Love the ambiance. Parking a bit tight sometimes.
4	We went to Sardine for the first time for Restaurant Week, and it was amazing.The rock shrimp cakes I had as an appetizer had chunks of shrimp in them, so you really got the whole flavor, were served over a small salad of greens, and came with a delicious sauce that complimented but didn't overpower the cakes themselves.When I ordered the duck entree (served over a bed of vegetables, some of which I couldn't identify but all of which were delicious with the balsamic ringing my plate), our waitress informed me that the chef recommended this entree be cooked medium.  I like my meat a little less done than the average consumer, and let her know.  When it arrived it was cooked to perfection exactly as I had requested.Dessert was a great take on the key lime pie - what they called a key lime tart.  A little less tart than its namesake, it sat on a graham cracker crust with a delicious meringue replacing the traditional whipped cream.My drink (a gin basil smash) was similarly outstanding, but took so long to make that our appetizers arrived ahead of it.  Our entrees were brought out before I had completed my appetizer, and I had noted our server checking to see if I had finished a few times before then.  I'm guessing that the rush was due to it being restaurant week and that at other times you can eat at a bit more leisurely pace.  We will definitely go back!
4	Food was excellent. Great service. Nice wine Selection.
4	My wife and I really enjoyed this place. It was our 1 year anniversary, and we both had been drinking at State Street Brats earlier in the day, but i can still comfortably say that this was one of the more memorable meals i have had in Madison hat didn't involve cheese curds. We started with the oysters. We got a mix of east and west coast oysters. The oysters were fresh, always a plus, and what i liked about them is that they didn't provide cocktail sauce which too many people use to drown out the taste. They provided a onion vinegar mix, with lemon on the side, that forced you to taste the oyster, that is if you didn't swallow it whole. We split a very simple salad, and both ordered glasses of wine. They have a reasonable wine selection, with good choice. The beer selection looked excellent, but i ended up going with one of their specialty cocktails. I see something with Death's Door Gin in it and I want to drink it. Our main course were the veal medallions and the whitefish. The whitefish had bacon lardons which gave the fish a very aromatic smell. i think it may have made the dish for me. I would order it again in a heartbeat. The veal medallions came with polenta and was outstanding. We pigged out or dessert and ordered two dishes. She got the plum cobbler and i got this chocolate log with caramel and ganache. I won, hands down. The chocolate thing'am'ajob was one of the best, and richest, desserts i have ever had. My wife had a taste and then nearly tackled me for the remainder. I had to give her more since it was our anniversary, but i was not happy about it (hey, I'm just being honest). Service was excellent. The decor was industrial, open and very cool. We had a reservation (i would suggest having one), but they also had a bar at which you could eat. I didn't give it a 5th star only because it was my first time eating there and i need to try more things there before i give it the fifth star. I highly recommend this restaurant to everyone.
3	If you are going for French food don't. The closet they come to French food is their French fries. The bar is great, good drinks, good food by bar standards, great oysters. As a restaurant they get poor marks. The chairs are uncomfortable, the wait staff is too busy to provide good service and the menu is limited.
3	I have been to Sardine 3 times in the past two years, and I have had mixed experiences. The first time I went I had the Roasted Half Chicken, and it was delicious - tender, juicy, and excellently flavored with herbs, predominately rosemary. My daughter had it a few months ago when we went again, and it was just as good.One time I had the grilled duck breast, and it was also delicious, and the accompanying veggies were perfectly cooked (not overdone) and were a creative mix. I also tried a great house salad then, and the vinaigrette was well done and not too heavily applied.But the last time I went was on a Friday, and the place was hopping busy (good for them - I always like to see a Madison restaurant getting business). Two of us had the steak frites, and honestly, the ribeyes were ok, but my guy actually makes far better steaks at home (he has a gift). But I wouldn't have held that against them so much, except the frites part of the meal was a big disappointment.Three of us had frites with our meal, and even though the place was busy so the kitchen should have been cranking out fries constantly, all of us had lukewarm soggy fries. These are matchstick fries, people, which should be crispy on the outside and just a hint of tender on the inside. Clearly, the kitchen hadn't bothered to cook our frites just for us, and you know, for an entree that cost $23, we should have received freshly cooked fries.Having said that, I am probably going to try Sadine, and the frites, again. Maybe some terrible tragedy was taking shape in the kitchen that night. I always give a place at least two tries before I pan it for good.
1	Very loud. Be prepared to have to about shout at the person you're with to be heard.  The food was not good.  I would suggest you skip this place.
5	I want to make it clear that in any true city, Sardine would get a four-star review from me, but as I become increasingly disenchanted with the Madison dining experience, Sardine honestly stands out among the very best.I've been here thrice: once for dinner and wine; once for cocktails only; and once for their "happy hour," which includes half-price oysters.  Oh, I'm sorry -- did I not mention there are oysters?  THERE ARE OYSTERS.  And they are delicious.  And anywhere where they are both delicious and half-price sort of deserves five stars for that reason alone.  If you like oysters, go.  Now.The other food I've tried there was pretty darn good.  The duck salad was the best -- really delicious.  The grilled scallops, also delish.  And the entrees were perfectly lovely; I believe we had the trout and the duck.  The cheese plate and charcuterie were just fine.  Their specialty cocktails are also a highlight.  Don't miss them if you like good-tasting, strong drinks!  Pair them with the half-price OYSTERS at happy hour!I'll definitely be back to Sardine sometime soon.  It's a diamond in the increasingly-rough rough.
4	This is one of my favorite places for brunch. Dinners are quite good, generally end up ordering the steamed mussels or braised pork currently. Though in the past, their skate was incredible. My favorite dish on the menu is the charcuterie plate. Hands down, this is the best meat-centric dish in town (sorry Graze), mostly because of the duck liver pate. Desserts are also worth saving room for, especially the chocolate cake.
4	I've been a fan of Sardine for both brunch and dinner for awhile, and just ended up there twice in quick succession. One time out of the recent two, I needed a reservation for 12 that happened to change twice. Everyone I talked to was great, no problems with the changes, and the hostess set our table a bit apart from the Saturday night holiday madness. While I wouldn't say that the food tends to arrive quickly, I've always had good service (even with the group of 12), nice recommendations, and good advice on ingredients or substitutions when I've asked. I don't eat red meat, so that's always appreciated.While it gets loud at busy times (and it does get busy), I like the industrial/bistro atmosphere, and especially the view over the lake. Ask for a table near the lake windows (or, when it's warm, the outside tables!) for a bit more intimacy. There's a wide selection of beers and wines, including reasonably priced and quite good house wines, and some lovely specialty cocktails.For appetizers, I've recently ordered the picollo fritto and the cheese plate. Recent unexpected favorites among the picollo fritto items have been fennel and lemon. The cheese plate had a nice variety of cheeses, many of them local -- cheddar, blue, chevre, etc -- as well as fruit and a unexpectedly delish vegan "salami" made out of figs and nuts. I had salad and fish for dinner on both of my recent visits (the salmon once and the mahi mahi once), and both were fresh, grilled nicely, and clearly served quickly. Well marinated, hot, moist, and flaky. The lentils that came with the salmon were a bit on the salty side, but the bok choy & fennel with the mahi were a lovely sweet-and-sour complement. Yum. My husband is a fan of their cassoulet and their steak (although, warning, the steak does come with both frites and butter). Overall, their fish seems reliably great, but I haven't been thrilled with their pastas when I've tried them in the past. The orechiette sauce, for instance, is oily and a bit too heavy on the garlic and olives, which overwhelms the broccoli rabe and tomatoes. Sad, because I adore a good broccoli rabe. As far as desserts, I've tried a bunch of different items, all good. The chocolate cake and the sorbets (rotating, often in unusual flavors like olive oil or buttermilk) are favorites.So: while I wouldn't say that everything is fabulous at Sardine (hence the 4 stars), there are a lot of very good options. It's a nice place with a good vibe, accommodating of large or small groups, and definitely on my Madison favorites list. It's worth the trip (or a few!).
5	Update!  After living in Madison for two years, and now moving away... there is nothing quite like Sardine.  I looked back and saw that I had given it 4 stars... must have been an off day.  It's an all around excellent restaurant.  Brunch is most certainly the highlight, and the excellent staff is the icing on the cake.
1	For vegetarians this place sucks I think I had to get a side salad ... Not fun
4	I love the atmosphere here so much I swear they could serve me carrot sticks and I would be happy.  That being said they have a really solid brunch and tasty dinner.  Love their bloody mary.  Get the baked creamed eggs!!!  So good!  They present everything beautifully and I have never had anything I didn't like.
3	I came here for dinner with some friends that live in town.  It was late for dinner on a Saturday night and we made reservations though it probably wasn't needed as there were plenty of tables available.  Our server was a bit kooky and truly not very attentive.  When I asked for more water, he literally plunked down a bottle of water without offering to refill my glass.  We ordered the charcuterie plate which came with some yummy liver pate.  The mussels we delicious and they give you a ton of them.  The frites that they were served with were nothing special.  We also got the scallops which were alright but I wish that the server had told us that the three of us would have to split two scallops..we probably would have ordered something different.  My favorite part of the meal was the mushroom soup.  This was absolutely delicious.  Very hearty and perfectly seasoned.The sea bass was on special so we opted for that.  It was good but the portion size was a bit skimpy.The atmosphere was really cool and the bar was packed by the time we left.  I would come back here in the summer to sit on the patio.
4	My boyfriend and I went here for brunch on Easter Sunday and it was delicious!!! We had mimosas to drink, they had a great flavor and came decorated with a strawberry and an orange peel. As for food, we had omelettes which came with mixed greens (had a great vinaigrette dressing) and frites (skinny fries). My boyfriend created his own omelett since he's kind of picky (ham and onions). I, on the other hand, had the spinach, roasted cherry tomatoes, goat cheese and instead of bacon I chose ham. It was absolutely delicious! The cheese made such a great taste with the tomatoes and the mixed greens with the vinaigrette. Yum, Yum!But that's not all, we also ordered the Buckwheat Belgian waffle with whipped cinnamon orange butter, sliced banana and pure maple syrup. OMG!! It's to die for... What a perfectly cooked waffle (which I don't usually like or eat) and the flavors were outstanding....Definitely recommend this place and we would definitely go back again!I gave it a 4 because I've only been there for breakfast, so i haven't tried much and I did think it was a little pricy (we spent $50 for 2 people with drinks and tax/tip). But really worth it!! Plus it's right by the lake and the sun shinning on my face was really soothing!
5	Best steak I had in Madison.  It was done medium rare,wine is very very good and pasta is always al dente.
5	I was happily taken to Sardine for brunch today (Saturday) in which I was in rare form after a night out. We sat out on the pleasant terrace by the lake and it felt like a relaxed, welcoming place even though I couldn't bear to take off my sunglasses. I ordered the Belgian waffle and my boyfriend had the duck confit salad. I love a warm salad, and this was right up-to-par with it's cooked egg on top. My waffle had cinnamon stewed apples, REAL maple syrup, and some sort of fluffy butter concoction on top. The waffle had a bit of crispness to it, which I liked, and it was rectangular, as if done in an old-school waffle iron-griddle. Excellent! Just what the doctor ordered! I know that my boyfriend was also thrilled that the well-made bloody mary came with a stella artois chaser... The service was friendly and the prices were soooo reasonable for what we had. I've only been there for brunch so can't quote on the rest, but next time I"m in Madison I will definitely be checking out Sardine again!
3	If I was judging on ambiance alone, this place would easily get 5 stars.  It used to be our go-to place to bring out of towners for a nice night out to dinner (pre-Graze).  And truly, I have not had a bad dinner here (though I will always miss the skate wing!).  My issue with this place comes with the Brunch.  The best service we have received for brunch has been "acceptable".  What I don't understand is why their brunch chef cannot cook an egg.  I enjoy the yolk runny, and I guess the only way to get them this way is to specify barely over easy or sunny side up.  Poached was almost hard boiled, and even when I asked specifically if the baked eggs had runny yolks, I got overcooked eggs.  And for the prices here, I expect more.  I'll still go here for dinner, but there are a ton of other places in Madison I will be frequenting for Brunch.
4	Brunch...that oh so magical time in between breakfast and lunch...its always a pleasure when done right. We walked here from our hotel and were sat on the patio right away...bonus! After a long night of fun its always a plus to be able to wear sunglasses and the view outside isn't bad either. For this occasion a bloody mary was definitely in order and it certainly hit the spot. I was delighted to find out that it came with a Stella chaser as well...double your pleasure!We had the Belgian waffle and duck confit. A perfect sweet and savory combo. Confit seems to be making an appearance on a lot of brunch menus these days and as such I've definitely enjoyed my fair share lately. Sardines rendition is certainly no slouch and is, in fact, quite an over achiever.
5	I don't like to write long detailed reviews (I'm lazy).  What I want to tell you is this place has a great atmosphere, an excellent menu, an AWESOME bar (i don't even drink but I loved the feel) and a friendly staff...it can be busy so make a reservation. If I wanted to sum it all up with a simple comment it would be - they pay attention to the small details and that's what I look for. As far as value I may not be a good judge as I am from Chicago...I thought this place was really inexpensive for the type of food and atmosphere. (a New Yorker may even think it "cheap eats" but clearly an upper scale place)
1	Brunch is one of the worst I have ever had in my life.  I paid $8 for a salad that I ate in 3 bites.  I am serious, and I am not a fatty.  I also ordered a mimosa, which was overly pulpy and had a bad strawberry in it, and a super bland bloody mary after telling the waiter I like a spicy bloody.  Our service was horrible too.  It was impossible to ever get our disappearing waiter to serve us.  Disappointing considering I ate dinner here like 5 years ago and it was decent.  This place is an overpriced joke.
3	Over the past year or so I've noticed a gradual decline at Sardine.  Not sure what the problem is, but they went from consistently great food and great service to inconsistent and overpriced food and mediocre to poor service.  I still love to indulge in the oyster happy hour in Sardine's bright, welcoming bar.   But my last attempts at dinner and brunch left a bad taste in my mouth.  My boyfriend and I came in for dinner on a slow weeknight in the spring- we were ushered to a table in a bar, and nobody acknowledged us after that despite our efforts at waving someone down.  We sat for nearly 20 minutes before heading elsewhere.  Went with an old friend for brunch on Sunday- my omelet (spinach, chevre, bacon, and roasted tomatoes) was fantastically fluffy and tasted perfect.  The "frites" that accompanied the omelet were limp- overly soggy to the point of being wet and overly salty to the point of being inedible.   I've had this problem with their frites probably every time I've ordered something that comes with them, so I suppose I should know better by now.   Their bloody mary is among the best in Madison (although my first one had a giant chip on the rim, it happens, and it was replaced).  Probably would have been four stars instead of three-  I was just shocked at the service.  My friend noticed that our server didn't smile once, and barely spoke.  Sunday brunch is legendary in the service industry for being a killer hangover shift so maybe that was it, but he failed to mention the specials- we had to ask a table nearby- and didn't check on us once.  In fact, in the hour and forty five minutes we were there, our coffee was only refreshed once and water was not refilled at all! Not what I'm used to in a place where quality service is clearly built into the price.  (i.e. $17 for two crab cakes and a side salad on the brunch menu)  Sardine is going to need to step up its game if it's going to survive the slew of new upscale joints in downtown Madison.
4	I love this place for brunch. The food is terrific, the staff is friendly and the setting is unique, right on Lake Monona in a historic building.
4	Was in town visiting some friends, and had a great dinner here.  Delicious mussels appetizer, nice salad, and special sea bass with local and heirloom tomatoes, the latter of which I am a complete sucker for.  The view was gorgeous, and we got a great table near the windows overlooking the lake.  The service was slow on the night we were there, but I get the sense that was an unusual circumstance, because the waiter was otherwise very attentive and courteous.
3	I was so excited to finally try this place for my birthday... only to come away completely underwhelmed. the good first: the service was excellent. our waitress was very attentive and friendly. the cocktails were nothing short of amazing! I started with a cucumber corpse reviver and then had a provencal. both had beautiful, delicate mixtures of flavor and were very refreshing. my hat is off to the bartender who concocted these delicious drinks. the decor is old world and elegant. I'm sure the view is pleasant if you're lucky enough to get a seat near the lake side or outside.now the bad: my swordfish was overdone and on the chewy side, and the potatoes were soooo greasy (and a little burned). don't get me started on the parking lot and it's entrance... I wonder how many accidents have occurred here.overall, not great but not terrible... however, if you name your restaurant after a fish and feature a ton of fish/seafood on your menu, you should make damn well sure that you know how to prepare it. maybe we just came on a bad night? I'll probably be back for cocktails and/or brunch, but doubt I'll give sardine another shot for dinner.
4	FINALLY! A place where I actually enjoyed some good seafood. Being from a coastal city/state, I need my fish/shrimp/crab/etc. fix every so often!After extensive research, my sister and I found this place randomly and read the reviews and despite some of the negative comments, we proceeded to eat here since the pros outweighed the cons.[FOOD]I ordered the scallops to share with my sister. It was $14 and I was assuming we'd get 4. We got 2 scallops...and...that's probably the only reason why I gave Sardine 4 out of 5 stars. 14 dollars for 2 scallops?? These scallops better be made out of gold! But...the taste was to die for. Like butta'! The taste was almost good enough to make me forget the price but not really. lol.My sister ordered the salmon and I ordered the pan-seared whitefish. If you look at their menu, there isn't much selection for a place claiming to be some kind of seafood restaurant but honestly, if you get the whitefish, I kid you not...you could really care less about the other dishes. The cream sauce with red potatoes and mushrooms complemented the fish so well, it literally melted in my mouth. SO GOOD! I got a side of sauteed spinach and it was filled with garlic...mmm. Best combination! A lot of comments said that the portions were too small for the price but my entree was perfect for my sister and I because I walked away full but not disgusted. (They give you as much bread as you want in the beginning anyway.) Since this is French inspired, did the French ever make overwhelming portions like us Americans do? I don't know. lol.[SERVICE]The service was very good, considering it was a little busy, and our food came out in very good time. The crowd around us seemed older and a little more refined (60 year old fashion designers or whatever sat beside us) so this definitely isn't a college pub that you can walk in and create a racket but the bar area was very big![ATMOSPHERE]The view was awesome, too bad it was raining otherwise I'm sure we would have tried to sit outside. Casual, semi-elegant feel...this would definitely be a great date place.[PARKING]If you don't know your way around, you'd have to turn onto a few different streets to get into their private lot but it's not too hard to figure out.[PRICE]This is the only area where I give it 4 out of 5. The scallops were way overpriced even though they were heavenly. Overall, a bit overpriced but they sure make awesome food!If I ever come to Madison again, I'm definitely coming back here!
5	Oysters. Ersters! Love 'em. Always a nice, fresh, elegant selection here.The mixed drinks are not to be missed, especially the basil smash.This is the kind of place you want to order a round, have some nibbles, order another round, and continue down the nibbling path until an entree strikes you as one to split/share, or just be greedy and keep it to yourself. No shame.The prices are definitely at a "splurge" level (at least for us), but whenever the hubby and I do decide to go for it, this place never ever disappoints. The staff is accommodating and friendly, the atmosphere on the deck is delightful. I took a good friend from out of town here as a showcase of Madison, and she was certainly impressed.
4	Great seared scallops and succulent, flavorful duck breast.  It was so tender and well-seasoned with the perfect, slightly crispy exterior shell.  That is the mark of a exquisitely seared piece of duck breast.  The cheddar grits were a nice touch, too.  Service was attentive and prices were good for the quality.
4	Visiting Madison, WI for a medical conference and stumbled across this restaurant with my gal pal who was also a conference attendee.  We dined on a Sunday afternoon, the place was brimming with customers, and no wonder, the food here is simply delicious!I ordered a Monte Cristo sandwich which came w a small side salad and a side of perfectly cooked french fries.  The Monte Cristo was huge, thick pieces of bread dipped in a light egg batter with ham and at least two different cheeses.  I ate only one half (had the other half which the waitress graciously wrapped in several layers of airplane-trip-friendly saran wrap per my request), had all the fries and the entire salad and was very satisfied.  The salad had a nice light vinegarette dressing.  The french fries were cripsy on the outside and somewhat nutty, as if cooked in peanut oil.  Fries were probably my second favorite part of this meal, I am a sucker for fries and these were definitely above your run-of-the mill taters.My friend had a salmon filet salad with an expertly poached egg and she said her meal was divine as well.  If I ever get back to this area (which was absolutely lovely, esp with Lake Monona), I would make it a point to get back here.
5	Had my wedding rehearsal dinner here.  They worked with us to get everything within our price range and it was great.  The roasted chicken was the best I have ever had.  Those that didn't order it had food envy.  The person we worked with was great and extremely helpful.
5	There have been very few places where cheese plate, salad, drinks, main course, and dessert were perfect and didn't have any excess silly ingredients that nicer places are apt to throw in there for prestige, but Sardine is one of those places. The price isn't out of this world either, and the atmosphere is posh and mature, unlike a lot of places downtown.Try their seasonal artisan cheese plate from Fromagination and their salads with arugula--excellent on the palate! Sardine is perfect for birthday dinners and anniversary dinners if you want a step down in price from L'Etoile. And clientele and servers are dressed nicely! Well played, Sardine, well played.
3	I love the ambience and vibe of Sardine and the fact that it's on the water. We came for brunch, though, so our options were kind of limited. I would suggest that they offer more vegetarian/seafood options for those of us who are not inclined towards bacon. I had the omelette and asked for it without bacon. It was heavy on goat cheese, pretty light on the spinach. I wished it could have been egg whites instead of full-on, because the eggy taste was augmented by something I couldn't recognize. Anyway, the frites were delicious and the side salad was also excellent. Our service was very good and the bar looked so inviting! I'd love to come back for happy hour or dinner.
4	One of the best places to eat in Madison.  The food, the ambiance, all great.  I've never had a bad meal at Sardines.  The only gripe, I wish they would change or expand the menu.
4	Quite delicious for brunch. I am not normally a sweet breakfast food person, however the buckwheat waffle with a mimosa seems to be a perfect combination.
5	I have been to Sardine twice now.  The first time I was extremely pleased and my most recent visit was even more memorable.For an appitizer, I had the scallops in apple cider reduction.  The reduction added a nice acidity that balanced out the richness of the scallops with light greens added for texture.  For a main course I had the flounder with a grapefruit vinaigrette.  Another dish that was beaming with color and flavor.  The main course used napa cabbage, parsnips and haricots verts to add crunch, which offset the texture of the fish.Great service also and you can even find some great beer on tap.  Hard to find a Goose Island Matilda anywhere else.  Love this place.
5	This is hands-down our favorite place to eat in Madison. Going to Sunday brunch is a tradition (although we don't live there anymore - when we move back we will resurrect this!)They have some of the best quality food we have ever eaten - really cool ambiance too. If you sit at the bar you can get their "bar menu" - which is amazing and not as pricey as what you'd pay in the dining area for dinner.Our favorite item is the mussels. They are the best. Even living in Seattle now we have yet to find better mussels, which is quite a compliment.Their drinks are great, sometimes it's hard to get in or service is slow because it's such a popular spot. The wait is totally worth it!
4	Ate in the bar area on a Friday night.  Sitting at the bar gives you access to the bar menu that has some other options and sandwiches at a lower price.  As well, it was Happy Hour with $3 house wines and half-off oysters.  Sardine is a restaurant that I forget about as there are so many options but one that I need to frequent more.  Great service, food was better than average, and just an overall great vibe.
4	I've visited Sardine twice for Sunday brunch. I love the atmosphere and haven't had a miss on the food yet. The first time I was with a large group and we had reservations, were seated promptly, and my baked creamed eggs were heavenly.  I think about 4 of us in our group of 12 ordered the same thing, and one person had to send their dish back- it was way undercooked. The waitress remedied this as quickly as possible with a new dish.   The second time, I had a group of 4 and no reservations. We waited about half an hour (arriving around 11:30), which seemed reasonable, especially since the day was so lovely! Lots of runners and bikers out, spring is arriving in Madison! I had the arugula, brie, crimini, scallion omelette. It was very very good, especially the bites that contained all the ingredients, and the frites are delightful.  One of my dining companions got the baked creamed eggs, and those were again the best dish on the table. Now I know not to stray next time!I would like to visit Sardine for dinner and sample the rest of the menu, but for brunch, Sardine is a solid winner.
4	Fantastic bar menu...great drinks, great atmosphere.Excellent brunch.  Really like this place.
4	come here for brunch. got it?
4	Coming to Sardine for happy hour and their deliciously inexpensive bar menu has become a sporadic date night favorite of my boyfriend and I.  We have been in for a nice sit-down dinner before, but are somehow not has happily satisfied by our experience as we are sitting at the stainless steel bar being served by their talented bartenders.  First, the happy hour is from 4-6pm Tuesday through Friday.  $3 Stellas and house wine cannot be beat.  The oysters are also half price. For only about $1-2 per shot, it's a great deal.   If you miss happy hour, they still offer their house wine for a meager $20 a bottle (red or white) and it's decent for the price. There are several dishes we tend to order on a regular basis.  Though the full menu is available at the bar, we always stick to the bar menu.   First, I must mention the mussels. The appetizer portion of this dish is enough, with the frites, to feed two mildly hungry adults.  They are served in a very hot cream sauce, infused with steamed fennel, tomato, and sprigs of thyme.  The frites are equally delicious.   I am a bit ashamed to admit this, but when the mussels have been eaten, and only the creamy broth remains, I dump the rest of the frites into the bowl and indulge in a little french fry soup.  Embrace the unhealthiness, it is totally worth it.The Sardine burger is not to be missed (only offered on the bar menu).  Although a bit unusual, the toppings of onion jam, figs, and gorgonzola compliment the fatty beef patty perfectly.   As with all of their sandwiches, it comes with a large side salad and frites.  Again, just this plate of food and perhaps a small appetizer are more than enough to feed my boyfriend and I.  Bottom line- stick to eating at the bar and ordering wisely.  The portions are huge on the bar menu, and the price is right for this otherwise fairly expensive Madison favorite.
3	This place is ok, but I'm unlikely to go back given how expensive it is.  The food was ok, but not great.  Our drink orders were both made incorrectly (and they were not that complicated).  Our dessert (creme brulee) was warm and soupy.  Also, the dining room was REALLY warm the entire time we were there, uncomfortably so.
2	I've been to Sardine a few times for brunch and if I were to review just that I'd probably give it four stars, (five stars -1 for price.) My wife and I have heard nothing but great things about their dinner and last week she chose to go here for her birthday.First off, I have to say the ambiance and overall feel of the place is amazing. One of, if not, the best dining rooms in Madison. The service was good, not overly friendly but overall efficient. Although, I think she forgot to put our entree's in until well after our appetizer arrived. The table next to us ordered at the same time we did and they were on dessert by the time our entrees came. The food was, well...disappointing! We started with the grilled shrimp, polenta, and pancetta app. Easily the highlight of the meal, the shrimp was well cooked and the creamy polenta was absolutely perfect. Our only complaint here being; for $13 we thought they could have served up more than two shrimp on the dish. I made a joke that they needed to change the name on the menu to creamy parmesan polenta with shrimp. I mean, what's the food cost on that plate for polenta? About .40 cents? For Entree's my wife ordered the Pan Fried Chicken Paillard. I had the Pan Roasted White Fish and a side of Frites. My wife's chicken was cooked well and perfectly crispy, but otherwise flavorless. She said the ratatouille was the highlight of the dish because it actually had some flavor. I ran into the same problem with my white fish, it was virtually flavorless as were the fava beans it laid on, and the garlic bread crumbs were almost non existent on the dish. My dish was lacking so much in flavor that it forced me to keep salting and peppering until i went too far and over salted. The frites were cooked well and seasoned properly, but...seriously!?!? Where's the aioli? They serve their frites with, what tastes like, straight out of the jar mayonnaise. I don't mind mayo with my frites but for a "French" restaurant, serving frites with a side of Hellmans, I have to say, "FAIL!" They seemed pretty popular too, as three of the tables around us had ordered them. An aioli seems like a simple improvement. The portion sizes are nothing spectacular, either. My wife and I shared the frites and were both glad I ordered them. I think we would have left hungry without them. My wife was also quick to point out that half of their entrees are ripped straight out of an Eric Ripert cookbook. She proved this to me when we got home.Overall, Sardine, we still love your brunch and will be back, but for a nice dinner at your price point...you will not be our first choice, or second, or third. This decision is based solely on the food. Perhaps I should just learn my lesson and avoid seafood all together in the mid-west, or maybe I went into this place with too high of expectations.
4	Great service, delicious salmon sandwich, yummy bloody mary's and lovely location right on the lake.
3	The dining room is airy and spacious, so it can be difficult to hear conversation at the table. The service is typically good.   The drink menu is pretty good, but many of the wines by the glass are of pretty poor quality.  The food is honestly not all that good.  I don't think a city more sophisticated than Madison would tolerate the mediocre quality fare that Sardine regularly dishes up.  I've tried nearly everything on the menu and have often been disappointed.  But the restaurant is all right.  I didn't appreciate, however, the staff booming Arcade Fire the other evening when I was hosting some business guests. Oh, and the food is chock full of raw garlic.  Beware.
4	Fancy schmancy! My boyfriend's roommate was raving about the Sardine burger and we decided to check it out. The restaurant is divided into a bar area and the sit down fancy dinner area; the burgers are served only in the bar area. We ordered a house burger and a Sardine burger and they were both really good (although I liked the house burger better.) The Sardine burger has fig, gorgonzola, and spinach (?) on it while the house burger is more traditional with lettuce, tomato, your choice of cheese (I recommend sharp cheddar), and mayo. Both came with a side salad and a whopping serving of fries. I saw that they had a special on oysters for happy hour (M-F, 4-7pm) and $3 Stella Artois. I will definitely be back to check that out!
2	Over-priced snootiness is the main course of this restaurant.  While in the heart of liberal Madison, it appears to be a place where the phony rich of Madison like to congregate and be seen.  Our meal was just okay, but seriously, $19 for a small piece of chicken with no salad or soup??  Enough with the a la carte dining, which I believe is French for, "pay up, you ignorant saps!!"The dessert menu was equally disappointing and pricey.  The portions are nothing more than tiny little bites of flavorless emptiness.  I suppose they do that so the phony rich can go back to their wine and room temperature cheese eating friends and brag about all they indulged with the "fabulous" desserts at Sardine.  La dee freaking dah.  So, needless to say (even though I'm about to say it) we're one and done with this snooty little addition to the Madison restaurant scene.  You want a good meal, with good drinks, at a good price?  Head to the Wonder Bar just down the road.  The parking is much better too.
4	What a great place for dinner! It's nice to dine at a place that's fancy enough and welcomes children at the same time.  They were very flexible about our reservation and service was prompt, courteous, and attentive.  For starters, my husband had oysters and I had the sardines (of course!).  Dinner for me were mussels and frites which were very addictive to eat and my husband had the mahi-mahi.  And yes...we fed our children and they had buttered orrichiette. We skipped dessert but I'm sure that would've been good too.  Does this have better food than Nostranos?  Maybe...but what this place had was a welcoming atmosphere which is more than I can say about the pretentious ambience at Nostranos!
5	Brunch. Heaven.
5	Fabulous. Absolutely fabulous. I have no other words to describe our experience at Sardine.Perfect for happy hour with the coworkers, a low-key (but classy!) date night, or a meet-the-parents kinda shindig (that's right, I made my friends meet my parents...but I paid for dinner, so I think that made up for it). The menu is impressive. The dinner specials are great. The mussels are a must-have. I only wish I had saved enough room for dessert.Only snafu - a fly kamakazi-ed (literally nose-dived and then belly-upped) into my friend's entree. But our waitress was nice enough to take 25% off her dish.
5	Fantastic! I took my son and 4 other college students there when visiting this past weekend. We had a reservation and were seated immediately.  Four of us had fish dishes that were excellent. One had the lamb and another the hanger steak. Everyone loved their meal. The service was top notch - the college kids loved everything about the restaurant as did this mom.   I would highly recommend Sardine. Make a reservation because it was packed!
5	Best Bloody Mary!Awesome atmosphere and view. Excellent food. Top notch service!
4	Mastering the art of French cooking. Mussels w/ frites are required, regardless of what else you order. The sauce they come in is so simple, yet so perfect. You'll want to soak it up with the bread and ignore the margarine spread altogether. The chicken paillard was cooked to perfection, with a crispy exterior and a juicy center, done evenly throughout the cut. I'd never had ratatouille before, but theirs is delicious with a nice tang.
5	Great brunch.  Great bloody (and other cocktails).  Great atmosphere. The brunch menu doesn't change, but so what. Sardine does it right. Always. Rezzies recommended.
4	I'm a brunch girl,  so that's what I've tried here! Yum! The arugula omelette was really good--better than what I make it home, but it also had a hefty dose of butter and cheese (maybe not so good for my arteries...). The accompanying side salad was nothing to write home about, but nice to get some greens in!At first, their bloody mary seemed pretty run-of-the-mill. However, by the end of the meal, I felt like I was floating...pretty strong for just one bloody! Sneaky, sneaky Sardine!Most impressively--my brunch group of 10 was handled flawlessly--seated easily (I had a reservation), drinks filled as needed, orders came out together, and separate checks given without any hassle. Fantastic!
3	I heard a lot of good things about Sardine, but I don't believe it lived up to my expectations.My favorite part of my dining experience here was the appetizer we ordered. The sardines were pretty good. For the entree, a friend of mine recommended the roasted half chicken, but it ended up being just okay. This might be harsh, but I would've enjoyed a rotisserie chicken just as much. My fiancee ordered the steamed mussels, which came with frites and dipping sauce. However, I ended up enjoying the frites a lot more than the mussels.I liked the atmosphere here and the service was good, but the food was decent as best.
5	My girlfriend and I decided that we wanted a casual night out but somehow ended up at Sardine. As the restaurant itself is FAR from casual we decided to stick our sweatpants clad bums in the bar seating. Although we didn't fit the general "classy" motif, we were still treated as though we were. Their small but delicious bar menu provided more than enough pleasure, especially while coupled with their house red. If I had to make one lasting suggestion, it would be to go for the frites and burger. Delicious!
4	A great place to go if someone else is paying. Great sea food, excellent decor and if you reserve, a view of lake Monona.
4	Classy brunch on weekends. Frites and mussels are great as well as heavenly croissants.
4	Good food, good drinks. I have come here several times and I have not been disappointed. A little too pricey, but otherwise a safe choice. Good bloody mary.
4	Went for Restaurant Week. Big crowd. Overall? quite good.Sardine is loud. Like...really loud. It didn't help that our waitress was barely audible. We could hardly hear any of what she was saying. Regardless, we looked over our menus and ordered pretty quickly.Service? Very good. Few interruptions or annoying bothers. Water bottles (glass pouring bottles) always full. These are things I notice.Oh, right. The food!For the first course I got the endive and apple salad with black current vinaigrette. Wonderful flavor combination, crispy squash was excellent, and walnuts are always welcome! No offering of black pepper? I had to ask. No worries, it was delicious.Dinner: Cassoulet--duck confit, braised lamb, sausage, over white beans. Duck was bland, which is a shame because it's what I was looking forward to most. Lamb was very good, well-seasoned and cooked perfectly. Sausage was un-fucking-believable. probably the best sausage I've had in my life and cooked perfectly.Dessert: Chocolate hazelnut deliciousness. Great crunch at the bottom. Almond wafer was superb.Sardine was solid as usual. I've come to expect this--consistent, consistent quality. I'd go back (and have gone back many times). Of note: bar menu is absolutely awesome. Burgers are excellent. Win!
5	My wife and I ate here on New Years Eve and it was fantastic.  Going to give it another try on Valentines Day.  I would recommend to anyone who wants a high end meal.
3	I made reservations a few weeks in advance, and arrived about 15 minutes prior to our assigned time.  The bar area was packed; checked-in with the host and then bellied our way to the busy bar, where we attempted to flag down a bartender.I'm not as patient as some others, so I felt that the bar service was the only failing of the night... there were two bartenders on duty, and between serving patrons at the jam-packed bar and trying to fill orders for the servers, they couldn't keep up.  We waited about 10 minutes before grabbing the attention of one of the hurried bartenders; it was another 5 minutes or so before the two modest drinks were made available.  He was nice enough, and I felt bad that they were so slammed, but Sardine should've known by the number of reservations that they'd need to staff up for the night.  Cocktails were a bit pricey; two mixed drinks came in at $18 without tip.We were led to our table, where a friendly server greeted us and presented us with menus and offered to refresh our drinks.  Browsed the menus, and after some debate, opted to order from the appetizer section and to forgo an entree.  We selected the steamed mussels, pate, and scallops.A small bread bowl was delivered; ice cold pat of butter on the side.  The bread was solid - very rustic.Before we knew it, our plates arrived, and we immediately dug-in.The mussels were excellent - the broth was superb, with hints of rosemary and thyme.  The accompanying frites were matchstick thin, crispy, and perfectly salted.  I would order this dish in a heartbeat.The pate was superb, and featured what I believed were chunks of pistachio.  The underlying salad (greens in a vinaigrette) offset the pate nicely.  The only fail of this dish was the lack of adequate crostini... there was one small piece of toasted bread that was far too undersized for the ample portion of pate.The scallops were unreal.  Perfectly seared, just ever-so-slightly-sweet, and absolutely delicious.  The mashed potatoes, pork belly, and currant sauce paired excellently.  This dish was well worth the $14 tag.Ordered a second round of wine; my only complaint with the wine was the lack of proper stemware.  It baffles me as to how a trendy, upscale place like Sardine can neglect glassware... I'm guessing the tulip-shaped glasses of wine were maybe 3oz each, yet were priced on par with a standard 5oz pour. The ambiance was great; the decor and architecture is interesting without being distracting.  Noise levels were on the loud side; lots of brick and hardwood will lend to that.I'll definitely be back to Sardine, with the hope of better bar service and proper stemware in the future... Sardine = WINFood = 4 starsService = 3 starsValue = 3 starsMISC = 3 stars
5	French elegance meets Madison casual cool...Sardine is in my top three favorite restaurants in Madison. Lively bar, great view, fun easy-going hosts/hostesses and waiters/waitresses, and rocking food.Best mussels I think I've ever had (and this is not something I run around joking about). I love the soups, the salads, and my favorite - the truffled pasta. One suggestion for improvement - the wine list could do with more variety in the $35-50 range. My only true criticism (and I realize this will go in the "pro" column for most readers) is that they have a lot of pork going on in there. It's hard to escape it in the menu and in the smell.But don't let that deter you. If you are looking for perfectly executed foody food with a uniquely Madison approach, you found your destination.
5	The atmosphere - I imagine it would be a dream to hold a small wedding reception here. The attention to lighting, decor, and music made this a very sophisticated place. When I grow up I hope to be as cool and collected as this restaurant. The wait staff who smiled at us when we walked in wondering where the reception desk was (in the middle of the restaurant) made the place feel more intimate and friendly. The uniforms - crisp, white shirts rolled up at the sleeves, an apron and jeans - added to the clean and casual vibe. My fellow diners were diverse in age ranges. Old hipster men in cable-knit sweaters and horn-rimmed glasses, good-looking couples with their big-eyed babies, fleece-wearing WI families, groups of friends, college students on a date...I plan to come back to try the steamed mussels at happy hour, and in warmer weather, when I suspect the windows might be open to the lake.
5	Brunch. 1pm. Sunday.  I figured we were safe, there wouldn't be a wait so late in the day - "normal" people go to brunch at 10:30am, right?! HA.  Foiled again.  I was amazed to see how packed Sardine was at 1pm, with a 45 minute wait for a table for two.  Wowzers.  Expectations were high when we finally were led to a seat.  I liked the ambiance from the start, warm and inviting yet elegant and classy.  A panoramic view of the lake doesn't hurt, nor does the country-style wood floors, exposed beams and linen table cloths.  We started with cocktails (it was after noon, after all) and I would go back simply for the bloody mary ($7). Just the right level of spice, thick and loaded with all the fixin's, properly served with a  side of beer.  Vegetarian brunch options are either a Belgian waffle or an Omelette, all reasonably priced at $8-10. The Omelette was fantastic, filled with arugula, mushrooms, scallions and cheese and served with tossed greens.BOTTOM LINE:  I would definitely be in favor of putting this on the heavy brunch rotation. While I don't eat oysters, they offer an inviting happy hour deal ($3 drafts, 1/2 priced oysters, if I recall correctly) from 4-6pm and I love the space so I look forward to checking that out!
5	My favorite place in Madison for brunch!!!Why!?!1. Bloody Mary is darn good- and ONLY $7. And it comes with a chaser beer! Great concoction- nice tall glass, with an amazing relish that you dump. Elegantly presented. 2. MOULES- to die for. Amazing white wine sauce that you want to just lift the bowl and drink it (or be civlized and ask for extra bread to soak up that yumminess!)3. The buger. OMG the BURGER!!!! Cooked to perfection, amazing bread, great toppings- and I think they put liquid crack in the aioli. It's addicting! The fries that come with it-- ooooh- perfect!4. Great view on the lake5. FREE PARKING in the back (oh yeah!)6. AMAZING- won't be disappointed. 7. Hazelnut ganache chocolate goodness cake!!!8. What we got to go- they packed it and labeled the box (isn't that so cute and thoughful?) It's a great personal touch!It's also seems equally fun to come in on an evening and hang out at the bar and enjoy the bar specials (oh- we will be back!)
3	Very cool, trendy atmosphere w a great view of the lake. Had the spinach, goat cheese, tomato, bacon omelette w/ frites and salad. The omelette was very good and the frites were AWESOME!! Our server was very friendly and the only complaint was that once the food was served, we didn't see him again til he dropped off the bill and noone ever came around to refill our coffees or check in on us. Id definitely go back, they had several items on the menu I'd love to try
4	I like this place for apps and bar seating. Their sardine app is very good
5	well....had wanted to come here for a long time and finally made it in.  Called ahead for a reservation for two, at 6 o'clock.  The hostess suggested we do so just to be sure...turns out we would've been okay but, I can see why...this place is popular!Service and seating were prompt.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive.  We sat at the large bay doors overlooking Lake Monona.  We opted for a light dinner - shared a plate (very LARGE plate) of mussels and the lobster rolls....these were devoured quite greedily....We also ordered the beef tip to share as a main course.  The kitchen staff very thoughtfully delivered it as two separate portions - very nicely presented each on their own plate....as opposed to giving us two plates and making us divide it ourselves....classy!  The beef was so tender and well prepared...just...wow!Normally, I'd make them wait for a 5-star review...prove they can deliver...  This was just such a pleasant experience with delicious food and good service...I'll be a softy  :PHint:  the large bay doors by the lake can be chillyHint hint:  the "happy hour" specials for Oysters are ONLY at the bar...Hint hint hint:  Arrive before six if you want any hope of parking in their lot...otherwise plan on street parking and walking....Hint hint hint hint:  The restoration of the old building is VERY nicely done.  A lot of neat exposed architecture to look at.  The one downside is the massive HVAC system...it is actually a bit loud if you sit under one of the large vents.dare I?  a new record?  a quintuple hint extravaganza?heck yeah!hint^5:  this place is worth a trip when you have a little time to spare...lots of cool things to check out just wandering around the restaurant and the restored building, old photos, old mechanical equipment, groovy brick work, and cool light fixtures....lots of things to see and explore!
5	Had an amazing brunch here on my last day in Madison. It was recommended as the "best" brunch in Madison and it didn't disappoint. I had the braised pork breakfast sandwich and shared the buckwheat pancakes with a friend. Their brunch cocktails are also wonderful and the bloody mary is supposed to be the best in town! Service was impeccable. Definitely head here for brunch if you can!
4	I really love Sardine as a special treat to myself. Easily the best bloody mary in town, delicious food, wonderful view, well trained staff. Really the only thing that keeps me from giving a fifth star is the lack of vegan options for my significant other. No matter how much I enjoy a place it cannot become a regular spot if I cannot bring my mate! Please please please I beg of you to add a vegan dish to your brunch menu, and you will get the fifth star! :)  In all seriousness I have not had a single plate of food, drink, or cup of coffee that I have not enjoyed. I don't even mind enduring the pretentious sort of crowd and long waits this place attracts or the hefty price tag. It is all worth it for a well made bloody mary, perfect latte, and oh my how I have dreams about that duck salad.
5	Favorite things - MOULE FRITESFRITESHouse burger with FRITESNeed I say more? :pDefinitely come for brunch, it's much more affordable for the same portion of awesomeness. No matter how full you are, please please please get the FRITES. best frites in the world. nice skinny and crispy. and aioli? awesome!!!For cheaper menu during dinner, ask for the bar menu! they serve you all the same. Burger with sharp cheddar is so tasty!! Love the delicious aioli.Also, try the lobster croquettes. very nice batter crust, and very soft and creamy lobster inside!!! For others with a sweet tooth during brunch, get the waffles. really tasty!Parking lots available, usually not a problem to find parking. Tends to get busy during weekends, so if you have a bigger group, CALL AHEAD!
3	Just OK in my book--kind of expensive and not the most expansive breakfast menu (no french toast or pancakes for breakfast?), also the cheese sampler was not impressive at all. slow service..maybe that makes it french?
2	Good service from our waitress, but the bartenders on hand last night were outright rude.  I was guessing that one of the two working the bar was related to the owner(s) because who other than family could keep a job and be so rude to paying customers.  That wasn't just my take, but the feeling of others in my group that ordered at the bar.  Ordering through our waitress was ok, but slow due to volume.  They should staff more than two bartenders, period.  Generally, manners are assumed...teach them some.
5	Amazing!  Great food, great wine, great atmosphere, great location!  I've visited here several times and each time it's a 5 star place!!
5	We came back for brunch and it was even better than expected. Reasonably priced with a few, well-curated options. The service and atmosphere -- impeccable. Our out-of-town guests, who had toured several other food establishments in Madison with university faculty,  said this was the best place they tried in Madison. Win!
4	Great place for a local brew and oysters with a view. Come for the oysters happy hour to try 4 kinds of oysters from Australia, west, and east coasts and some Ale Asylum craft beer.
5	I have never been disappointed with a visit to Sardine. It is one of my favorite, go-to places in Madison--either for brunch with families, dinner out with a large group of friends, or date night. Great service, great food.
4	Yum yum yum.  Sardine was great.  The service was impeccable, exactly what it should be at a fine dining establishment, with the exception husband ordered the wine and she brought it to me to taste first, but whatever, that doesn't matter.  We started with the scallops, which were two PERFECTLY cooked scallops with pork belly and a celeriac potato puree.  They were amazing.  We were going to skip the appetizer and each have a salad, but were told the salads we wanted were pretty big.  So did the scallops and the warm duck confit salad.  The dressing on the salad was a bit too acidic, the duck not super warm, and the poached egg on top cooked well, but not warm.  The salad wasn't that large, think we could have each had a salad, but glad it gave us the opportunity to try the scallops.Husband had the hanger steak which was phenomenal.  I had the ribeye and frites.  The frites were incredibly good.  Perfectly cooked, perfect seasoning.  Steaks that we ordered were cooked perfectly, and I was suprised my ribeye steak wasn't too fatty.The one bad thing was they had the door to the patio open all night, and there were bugs in the restaurant, with my husband getting multiple flies in his wine, and in our water.
4	Food and portions are good. What brings me back is the decor. You can have a very  have a very nice brunch there where seating is comfortable. The restaurant definitely is a step-up from the usual vibe around Madison eateries.
5	Went here for Brunch after the Farmer's Market.  My omelet was one of the best I've had.  Never would think of putting Brie Cheese in an omelet!
4	Coming here with a bunch of friends to have brunch on a fine Sunday afternoon. Of course, we made a reservation ahead, otherwise, no room would be spared. Sardine on weekends is always packed. That Sunday was ended with a happy stomach full with their salad, steamed mussels, frites with mayo, and chocolate cake.The mussels came in a huge portion so I had to box some. It was good and I loved the frites with mayo (reminding me of the Belgian munchies) and the chocolate cake.The service was excellent. Our waitress was responsive and smiley. We got two bottles of water early on, so we didn't have to worry about the refills. It was one fine brunch day with my girls. Thank you, Sardine!
5	Oh Sardine, how have you eluded me all this time?For those of you that run along Lake Monona, you may have ran past this hidden gem thousands (a little bit of a hyperbole) of times. Its location is absolutely amazing, but the venue itself is very conspicuous. I almost wish they were flashier, with a giant neon sign that said SARDINE, so I could have noticed it earlier. Anyways, a bunch of friends and I collared up and came here for restaurant week,  The moment we went in, it felt like we were walking into a cabin lodge that while comforting, also had a modern and classy vibe to it. I love the red and white brick walls, which accented well under their lighting. Their tables were also impeccably set, with napkins and utensils neatly placed at every seat.Our friendly waiter came immediately, introduced himself, and asked if we needed anything. The service was amazing all night, and our waiter really knew the menu. We were a curious bunch, so he basically outlined every item on the menu for us in a detailed manner. Most of us ended up going with his favorite dishes, and got the Smoked Whitefish Croquette, Duck Confit and Profiteroles. The croquette was extremely creamy, with tender pieces of whitefish enveloped in melted cheese, all packed inside the perfectly fried breading. There were also some spinach leaves, cucumber and onions to balance out the tastes. The sweet, yet very light sauce kept the plate refreshing.The entree, the duck confit, packed forkful of flavors with every bite. The duck, having been coated in a layer of fat, was cooked to a perfect temperature, with the meat that will slide off the bones. The skin was slightly charred, providing a rough texture to match the softness of the meat. The duck was sooo juicy, so I didn't even need to really use the blueberry sauce. The duck thigh was also laid over a plate of green beans and cabbage, giving it even more depth.Finally, our courses ended with the profiteroles: vanilla bean ice cream sandwiched between two powdered sugar pastry puffs laid over stands of chocolate sauce. I really didn't want it to end, but it ended in the best way ever. Honestly, who doesn't love ice cream and pastry puffs? That's like saying you don't like puppies, and everyone likes puppies.  Anyways, make yourself happy and go to Sardines. Like now.
5	Stunning views, French Bistro interior, delicious food and wine, do you want me to keep going?  A little bit of Paris right in Madison.  If you are looking for a fun and romantic spot, this would be it. Service was spectacular and didn't miss a beat, food was presented beautifully and my eyes did not deceive my taste buds or stomach. Happy Hour specials were perfect.  White or red house wine (delectable), $3.00 Stella's, oyster specials, sausage plate, warm olives and crusty french bread. Sardine Burger was unbelievably delicious and moist. Frites were perfectly seasoned.  Next time I have to get the mussels!
4	Brunch was quite nice. Solid omelet and frittata special. Very good bloody mary. Nice seats outside, although view hampered by plants.
4	This place is popular and busy. I would suggest making a reservation.  I had the salmon pasta, which was pretty good. My dad had the chicken and fries. That was really tasty.  I also had the gazpacho, which was also great.  We finished off our meal with their creme brulee, which was big enough to share with 3 people.
4	I'm a huge fan of Sardine. I've had 3 birthday parties there as well as my bachelorette party dinner. We have always been treated by royalty. The drinks are fantastic. I love their Cosmos!  Their dinner entrees have never disappointed, my favorites include the ribeye & frites and the duck confite salad. And their brunch is one of the best in the city. Sardine is definitely one of our go-to spots!
4	The mussels and lamb chops were incredible!! Also the cocktails are delicious, especially the cucumber corpse revival! Love this place as a Friday night date night with my boyfriend!!
1	We've been to Sadine a couple times, and never been impressed.  The main room is too loud, the service has been regularly poor, and the price is high for the rather average quality of the food and minimal menu.  But tonight was the topper that will prevent our ever returning.  Went for dinner with the hopes of impressing a prospective employee.  The view was beautiful.  But 60 min to get the appetizer, and the waitress made a terrible wine recommendation.  Another 30 min and we finally got some quite average food.  As usual, it was hard to talk over the noise.  After finally escaping, there was complete consensus that we wished we'd gone elsewhere.  We'll definitely do that with the next interviewee.
5	Best brunch in a LONG time. We were visiting friends in Madison and we are SO glad they brought us here! We were able to jump ahead on the wait list by siting in the bar area. This kept me from drooling all over the pastries sitting near the host stand. Hubby and I shared the shrimp cakes and the Belgian waffles. Both were AWESOME. I have been craving both ever since and can't wait to go back. Service and ambiance were great. We were talking about that brunch all the way home.
2	NOTHING, not a single main dish Vegetarian and no willingness to adapt anything. Fries (OK, they were vegetarian) came out cold and once the waitress dropped the food, we didn't see her. No one came around to pepper the salad (which contained fish) and the pre-ground stuff on the table didn't even come out the holes. Arrogant staff for mediocre food and service. Could be a gem, but isn't.
4	My third time at Sardine and it was, again, a solid experience overall. Not too crowded on a Sunday evening around 6pm. We were seated immediately.I ordered the grilled salmon, which was perfectly cooked and well accompanied by lentils and a spinach/mushroom/tomato sauce. My companion ordered the penne with smoked salmon, which was apparently delicious and a good size portion.. The service here is always attentive, but not overbearing. Although the outdoor seating area was full, we had a nice table with a view of the lake.
3	Mediocre at best. This was my second time there. I love the atmosphere but our server was a bit on the slow side. The appetizers were well proportioned. We were very unhappy with the fried oysters. There was too much heavy batter and some blobs didn't even have any oysters in them. The waitress did take the order off of our bill. None of us were blown away with our meals. Pretty standard fair and rather high prices. With so many great restaurants in Madison, I doubt I'd go to Sardine again.
4	We tried Steamed Mussels,Steak Frite and Grilled Salmon,everything is delicious! And I have to say the location is very good.But it's best to make reservations first cause it's really popular at Saturday nights.
5	Full disclosure: I cannot write an objective review of Sardine. My wife and I loved Sardine when it opened. Loved the food, loved the "philosophy," loved the service. Loved everything.We loved it so much we had our wedding reception there four years past.Sardine is still tops on my list. No where else quite feels like home so much as this wonderful Bistro on Lake Monona.I'm not sure what is better--the service, the food or the atmosphere. Whether you are at Sardine for brunch, dinner or a special event, you cannot go wrong. Quintessentially Madison, the French bistro food is neither overpriced nor overly chi-chi.Tonight I attended my six or seventh Sardine Family dinner. Always multiple courses paired with wonderful wine and/or beer, these are terrific opportunities to see just what the kitchen is capable of. $40 tonight provided more snacks (cheese, chicken liver pate, kale flatbread, salumi, etc.) that necessary, a lovely duck confit and bread salad, "steamship of pork," an absurd cakey cut of grits (amazingly rich), and a delicious meringue dessert with maple ice cream all paired with Wisconsin craft beers. I love you Sardine and I will miss you immeasurably.
5	The space is absolutely lovely, with simple colors, heavy wooden beams, some light industrial touches, and cozy nooks too--there are farm tables and tables with lake views. The food was lovingly prepared and I had the salmon which was perfectly grilled and served with delectable mushrooms and smoky lentils. The mussels came in a cream sauce that we soaked our bread in--yum! Great cocktails and service, too. Don't hesitate--just go.
5	So good!! Duck l'Orange was so flavorful, I would highly recommend. Everything about this place, beginning to end was great. Service, food, ambiance... A+
4	Sardine has one of the best Brunches in Madison! Very casual and family friendly, with a menu that has something for everyone! While your there be sure to order a Bloody Mary! Delicious!
3	Hi - We came here to meet friends on Sunday Brunch after the Madison Marathon.First - the address "617" points you to the "entrance" at 617 Willy st - which is NOT a real entrance.  Wish they had a small friendly sign to inform you to "walk around" to the lakeside "real" entrance... we gueassed at that.We were here for the Brunch time eats... after the Marathon.Had a small group, and a rez - and were quickly seated - not crowded anyway.  Our server was "Spencer".Everything was pretty much fine, except for Specncer.We order drinks - he forgot two - had to be reminded.We order our lunch time meals...ie - Omelettes with spring salad and fritesSpinach, roasted cherry tomatoes, goat cheese and bacon * 10This was really good - finished it all - and the "french fries" (frites) are real thin and crunchy - great.Some others had sandwiches - some had the Frittata - all were  goodVarious plate servers brought out our meals, but Spencer was not to be found.He never came over to see how things were going, etc...Next was dessert - we flagged Spencer, and all ordered things to share.All were great - but he mixed up one order.... we didn't bother at this point.SO - for our Brunch, it was a really nice time, great and unusual pairings for the lunch time menu....  Everything would have been great - except for Spencer.We then had a table discussion about the "tip".... since the bill was over $100.How do you communicate your "rating" to the server ?Do you chat, write on receipt, talk to mgr, what ?I felt sorry - paid the total bill - and left a 12% tip
3	Sardine is a good place to go when you want a decent meal at a fair price in a good setting. Recently we arrived with a party of six on a Saturday night and were seated in the bar area; alas, the service was more bar area than dining room (e.g., the bottle of wine to go with our dinner arrived toward the end of the meal). Though the cuisine is not exactly inspired or inspiring, it is a good place to go if you don't feel like splurging at L'Etoile and you can't get into Forequarter!
4	Really lovely atmosphere. Wide open with large windows at the front. The restaurant is well-laid out and a pleasure to be in. There is a large, comfortable bar, with bar tables set behind it. It's a great space for a group; there is a lot of room to move around in.I've frequented Sardine for brunch, lunch, dinner, and happy hour. The happy hour is sort of a let down, Stella and house wines are slightly less expensive, so it's still on the pricey side. For real meals, their food and drinks are fine, but nothing special.  Like most places in Madison, the staff is friendly and warm.
5	I finally came to Sardine for dinner- and it blew my mind! Lived up to everything I thought it would be and more. we ate:appetizers:-fried smelt (I am not a fish lover-- but the people who love smelt, loved this dish!)-sardine caesar salad: YUM-roasted beet and carrot salad: YUM YUMmains (don't laugh that we got pasta at a french place...):-penne: too full to eat- but ate the next day and so flavorful! loved everybite! the sauce is delicate and compliments the dish so well-House-made cavatelli: phenomenol! if you love mushrooms- look no further-Sardine burger (which I saw on the bar menu-- so amazing with fig aioli on it. WOW! mind-blowing) even better than the brunch burgerDessert:-pumpkin bread pudding (so light and delish!)We *heart* sardine
4	I've only come to Sardine for brunch and keep meaning to head back there for dinner but I just haven't had time.   Overall, I really enjoyed my visits.  Brunch is usually crowded so make a reservation (especially during prime dining times!).   If you don't have one, you may be waiting for a while but grab a drink and take a look at the menu.    I give the staff credit as they do a pretty good job getting the unreserved in as soon as possible. I like to sit either at the bar or at the pub tables in the bar room.  I love the vibe in the bar room.  The views of the lake are wonderful so I will have to try and snag a table in the dining room some time. Their bloody's are quite good and they have a very interesting beer selection.Food wise, I've tried lots of items but my favorites were the Norwegian salmon, Warm Duck Confit salad, & Braised pork sandwich.Sardine remains one of my "go to" Brunch spots when I'm in Madison!
4	We went to Sardine during restaurant week and got a very good first impression of the place! The best items from their limited menu that we tried were the house made gnocchi and the pot de creme. The mussels and frites and lemon tart were okay, but seemed like dishes you could get at any restaurant. The ambiance was also awesome. I need to come back in the spring so I can take advantage of their awesome lake view. Definitely will come back  here again!
3	I had really high hopes for this place based on the reviews, but we found it was about as average as most other places in Madison.  The service was attentive but slow.  It took 1.5 hours for our entire meal without dessert.  Our server was also mostly nonexistent throughout the meal and various other people delivered almost every aspect of the meal for her.  We only saw her for placing our orders and for her delivering our drinks and check, not at any other time.  Other staff took care of all other aspects of the meal.  The restaurant was very chilly when we first arrived, so I needed to wear a coat initially (we were told when we arrived that the heat had just been turned on in 10 degree weather!?).The scallop appetizer was amazing and perfectly cooked, but was $14 for two (yes two) scallops.  My husband had the leg of lamb special and was disappointed.  While one medallion was perfectly cooked, the other medallion he received was the butt end of the leg and was overdone and tough.    My ribeye was tasty, but the cut of meat was disappointing, so much so that I didn't even finish half of it.  It was a very thin steak (about 1/2 inch) and was full of fat and gristle.  I ordered the haricots verts as a side and some were literally crunchy and under cooked and others were mushy.  We didn't send our food back because by this point we had already been here for an hour and didn't want to wait another hour for a new order. Gave it three stars since I believe three stars is average overall.
3	This place is adorable and the wait staff are good, which is why I'm giving three stars. I ordered the Baked Creamed Eggs this morning which came with clear runny yokes-clearly not cooked all the way. For better or worse, I ate it since I'm pretty liberal with  food consumption as a returned peace corps volunteer. While I've never gotten sick from raw eggs before, I'm now sitting at home with a bad stomach on the one weekend my mom is visiting in town.
5	Beautiful location overlooking the snow covered lake. My party was lucky enough to be sat near the patio, with the sun shining in. My party started with these chocolate/walnut pasties that honestly were out of this world. I'm not the biggest chocolate fan, but this dark chocolate was not overly sweet nor bland. Perfect.I ended up ordering the House Burger with frites on recommendation from a friend who frequents quite a bit and it was fantastic and presented beautifully. Definitely a large helping of burger, frites and a side salad.The waiter was quite attentive, and extremely patient in regards to our late party guest. Did not make us feel rushed or guilty, and always came to check in with a smile. Great service, food, atmosphere, and location. Just be sure to reserve a table, I've been told, especially for Sunday brunch.
5	We have been going to Sardine since it opened several years ago.  It started out at a high level of consistency and innovation.  And now it still gets a little better every year.The oyster happy hour, T-F, 4-6pm, is popular.  They offer east coast high end oysters for $1.25 each.  Plus there is a discounted tap and house wine.In the summer, we love the fried smelt and housemade tartar sauce.  It's plenty for two people.  That and one of their great mojitos and you are feeling summer by Lake Monona.The roast chicken is a steady desire for many in my family.  It is covered in an aromatic herb blend and rich brown sauce.  Of course the small side of accompanying frites rounds out this comfortable treat.Their roasted meats are outstanding.  On our last visit we had the lamb chops which were cooked perfectly.  They came with this light and creamy potato cheese croquette.Sardine has a great pastry chef if you get that far.You'll love the decor.  If you're lucky, in the summer, eat on the patio.  Yes, it overlooks the parking lot, but ignore that and enjoy the lake just beyond. The food and service at Sardine are always among the best in town.
2	I want to like this place because of the aesthetic, but the food makes it hard.  I eat vegan/vegetarian, so maybe that is why the food I've had here had been so bad. Maybe their animal-based dishes really shine.  I've had dinner here three times, and can't recall anything I consumed. I just remember not wanting to come back.Most recently I went for brunch. I couldn't order my beloved mocha because they don't have any non-dairy milks! That is odd to me, in Madison, in 2014.  I ordered the cremini and Brie omelette, and couldn't finish it because of all the damn cheese. I was raised in Wisconsin and lived in France, so I know and love my cheese. It makes me sad when people think there is "no such thing" as too much cheese. The highlight of my meal was the fries.I've always had great service and the bartenders have been phenomenal. I guess I'll stick to this place for drinks alone, which seems silly.
3	Great appetizers, Ok food and slow service!
2	Went for brunch today and food was utter disappointment. My smoked salmon sandwich was destroyed by thick layer of mustard. Any cook should know that mustard can easily overpower any dish and who puts mustard on smoked salmon? Overall everything including bread was just dripping with some grease or oil. Huge bush of greens was also dripping with some oily dressing. Low quality food.
4	This is one of our favorite spots for meatless Fridays:  a great selection of seafood on the menu, and additional special entrees.  Arrive between 4 and 6 for the happy hour oyster special (there are two east coast and two west coast every day).  Also one of the best Sunday brunches around (can't go wrong with the omelet and frites).
5	Depending on your choices... you can have a beautiful dinner experience here. Our favorites (always order) are: Oysters (East coast), mussels (good broth + little ham bits, not too spicy), and 1-2 main entrees. My favorite is the seared whitefish. The ingredients just work... and it's not as heavy as some of the other dishes.My other likes the penne with smoked fish (sometimes it's tuna, sometimes it's salmon) - that smoke makes it taste SO good!I've also ordered the rotating fish with the bacon bits in it.... always tastes good, but a little heavier compared to the whitefish.I've tried the scallops - pretty good too, but not enough to steal my attention away from the oysters and mussels.I've tried the Salmon. One time it didn't even taste "fishy!" I won't get it b/c it "could" be fishy. But every time I'm with someone who orders it, I always sample it, just cause I need that omega 3!Fish is always cooked perfect!Most of their drinks are pretty good too. I like the one with cucumber in it.
5	Really good!! Great flavors on the plate, and each part gets better and better!
5	I've only gone twice so far and its been an amazing experience. I love this place. The crab cakes are to die for...
4	I've been back to Sardine a few times since my first review, most recently for brunch on Sunday, May 4, 2014.+ There may not be a better place to eat breakfast than on the patio at Sardine- We arrived at around 12:30pm, saw many open tables, yet were told it would be "an hour or more" wait for a table, as the empty tables were "being held" for people.+ The patio is first-come, first-served; thankfully there were open tables on the patio- Server was a bit slow, aloof, and quite absent + Great bloody mary - one of the best, yet+ Great margarita+ Decent selection of taps+ Delicious coffee+ Brunch menu is awesome - nice variety and offerings- A bit pricey+ Rock crab cakes with shrimp and bacon??? Yes please. So good.+ Belgian waffle was outstanding, and I normally dislike Belgian wafflesIf the food hadn't been as good as it was, I would've followed-up with another 3-star review, but trust me - that brunch is divine. Slow/absent service aside, this is definitely a 4-star place.
4	What a fun place. Great atmosphere and packed on a Thursday evening. Food and service were great. I had the whitefish and it was delicious. Would definitely go again if I had the opportunity. A bit loud if you are trying to have a conversation.
5	I only spent a little bit of time in Madison, but I won't soon forget dinner at Sardine. What a wonderful restaurant. They had at the bar one of the most skilled bartenders I have ever seen, who made me one of the most amazing drinks I've ever had. Their menu of specialty drinks are incredible. The food also spot on. The location is one of the best parts about it too, with great views of the lake, a beautiful, classic, yet modern space, its very comfortable to spend a good deal of time in the building.I can't wait to go again, if I'm ever back in Madison again!
4	Well prepared, well executed food. Great date atmosphere. It took a while to get our drinks and our waiter seemed busy with more affluent looking customers. In the end we go back. The setting and food are too good to pass up and worth forgetting the okay service we received. I'd like to go back for happy our.
5	This is my family's favorite brunch spot in Madison. Every experience we've had here has been excellent. All the food I've tasted has been delicious, and if I could have brunch there every Sunday, I would die happily (and probably with clogged arteries-- let's be honest, really good food is pretty fat and calorie rich).
5	How does this place not do better than #24 on rating  in Madison ??Wow Caesar and orange and  water cress salad Scallop appetizer with rhubarb jam !!  (Amazing) Sea trout entree (cooked to perfection..) with haricot verts and potato - Everything was great The chocolate ganache with hazelnut crunch and caramel looked amazing but we just didn't have the room !! Wish we could have !! You won't be disappointed
5	I would give Sardine 7 out of 5 stars, if that were possible.  This is by far the best restaurant I have ever been to anywhere.  They are known for their seafood - the mussels are to die for and all of the fish dishes are amazing.  I love, love, love this restaurant!
5	It apparently took us nearly three years to return to Sardine for that coveted happy hour! It's not like we haven't been back to Madison since then but Madison is full of great spots. That said, our drinks and meal from the bar yesterday afternoon were exemplary. First of all, the views! Sitting at the bar with the ability to glance out at the water was to imagine being in coastal France. Even though this isn't really a French restaurant, it is French-inspired and that inspiration extends very strongly into the aesthetics, including the music. Just trust me, though- the bar is where it's at. Beautiful zinc top, white subway tile, a very cordial bar staff and then there is the menu. I had the Provencal drink, which consists of vodka, lavender, lemon and sparkling wine. You would really be hard pressed to find a more summery, dreamy drink, which, of course, was perfectly executed. The food menu for the bar is comprehensive but somehow appropriate and the quality and quantity make every selection a great value. We went on a Sunday, so the specials did not apply. However, the prices were still more than reasonable. The Sardine version of a hot dog is $7 and everyone in my party agreed it was not your average dog. My sandwich was salmon, so a bit more pricey but well worth it. And every sandwich comes with their amazing frites and a generous helping of mixed greens. The salmon sandwich is served on toasted sourdough with an olive tapenade. It was really my dream sandwich. At the risk of gushing, I will just finish this by saying that Sardine, at least at the bar, is the perfect combination of European sophistication and Midwestern casualness. It all just works.
4	I've been to Sardine several times now, and wanted to finally post my thoughts.We started with some Steamed Mussels (which we always start with) that come with some great french fries and mayo. Having spent the night before at a Wisconsin fish fry, this time around I tried something other than fish: the Grilled Hanger Steak.  Going non-fish didn't disappoint.  We finished up with some Creme Brulee which was also fantastic.Additionally, they had a great beer selection which included two of my favorites that you don't see that often...Goose Island Matilda and Three Floyd's Pride & Joy.Will definitely go back and continue to explore the menu.
2	Just moved here from Miami via NYC. I've been to a lot of great restaurants and not so great. Sardine at least for a dinner unfortunately will not get high marks which is too bad because the service was so horrendous it "over-powered" the actually decent dishes. Wow talk about a disaster in service it really made me think my goodness if I had probably had a nirvana experience with a dish I would have to drag myself back here to bare the service to eat here again.
5	Make reservations and get there early
3	I desperately wish I could give this beautiful lakeside spot my highest rating but unfortunately our dinner there last night left much to be desired. Although we were seated almost immediately after arriving (a big plus in my ravenous state), there were no specials to choose from & we weren't given any recommendations for cocktails even though I, for one, was definitely interested. I ended up ordering a white wine I'd never heard of because, surprisingly, there was no chardonnay on the drinks menu. I thought a white would pair well with oysters on the half shell which it did but I was never even offered a second glass, even after wolving down the oysters (which were delicious). Anyway our main courses of salmon and lamb met with mixed reviews. My fiance said the salmon was fantastic (I did have a small taste & it was admittedly good), however the lamb was nearly impossible to cut; it was so bone-ridden & veiny. I actually had to have it recooked beyond the degree I would normally want it cooked just so that I could attempt to cut it. I'm not sure what the problem was but for starters it was nearly all bone and precious little meat. I dare say unacceptably small proportions for a $28 dish. To boot, I got my dish back just as my partner was finishing his meal so it felt like we barely even dined together (you know how it goes with oysters, they are gone in 2 minutes flat). For desert we ordered my favorite, creme brulee. We also ordered expressos (decaf since it was already very late). Years ago I studied & worked in France for a total of five years so believe me when I say I do know my creme brulee! Although this one was unarguably delicious, I would think for a restaurant of this caliber they would know that the carmelized top should be much, much thinner than it was. Suffice it to say that you shouldn't need more than a whisper of a tap of your spoon to crack it, not a sledgehammer. But it was delicious nonetheless. Just not 100% authentic which I would have expected at a restaurant of this caliber. All in all, I left on the hungry side, altogether far too sober side (neither of us were offered seconds, even my big burly boyfriend) and the bill was still $120 (with tip). Ouch. Definitely pricey for the amount of food. I do love & appreciate that we have a fine French restaurant in Madison, however Sardine needs to step up their game. At least my Westie is happy with the two little lamb chop bones he got to enjoy today!
4	Hands down the best house infused cucumber vodka...ever! Loved the food and sitting on the water view deck. The only complaint was slow service...she forgot our oysters that we ordered and food was really slow.
2	the food is so so, not very surprising to me, and I forgot what's the taste right after I walked out the restaurant. The plates are so ugly that I don't want to use them and see them in my life time again. Service is just fine due to too many people.
5	By FAR the best restaurant I've been to in Wisconsin! The oysters were as fresh as you can get them on any coast. The duck was cooked to perfection, & all the appetizers are excellent! I can't wait to go again. Definitely make reservations, you'll be glad you did.
5	After 39 yrs of life, this is the one place I would come to for breakfast or brunch every day if I could! It has the view, the food, the service and Madison is the best Midwestern city and I'm not even from there but will definitely be going back.
2	Pretentious is the closest description I can think of.  Went on a Sunday night and received my order in this fashion;  appetizer, entree, wine, desert and all within 20 minutes.  $17 for a scallop app which consisted of two, count 'em, two scallops.  Waiter seemed very rushed and put out that we were eating dinner close to 9 at night.  High prices don't bother me if it's worth it, but this was nowhere close to it.  Will not return
5	Yes, I've just laid down a lot of 4 and 5 star reviews. Madison is a great town. There is a lot of great food. And with Yelp's help, I was able to find the best of the best. This place however was my favorite.For starters, I have a weakness for French pewter bartops. Beautiful. Elegant. And sure enough, Sardine had one. I didn't eat inside though. They have a nice, tiny patio facing Lake Monona. As for the food, it was all great. Well balanced. Complimentary. And they have wonderful fresh oysters. Although there are other places that can cook on par or better than Sardine, the experience in Sardine is unparalleled, based on my recent trips.
3	Hmm.... I would say be careful. I gave this place 3 stars because I do like the atmosphere (patio view of the lake is awesome) and I feel like if you ordered the right items it could be a great experience. You could also feel ripped off though, and that's what happened to me. At these prices, you shouldn't have to be that cautious.The Sardine Manhattan signature drink was very good. Not a huge bourbon fan myself but this was strong, smooth and smelled like gold.***Warm Duck Confit Salad***Saved the meal and a star. Incredibly flavorful. Fresh greens with tender duck, bacon, tomatoes, and a poached egg spilling over it all....oh wow.DISAPPOINTMENTSScallop appetizerI ordered based on reviews and I forgot about the guy that said you get two scallops. At $17, that's annoying. The creme fraiche and rhubarb worked well and they were pretty darn good but I did not understand the super bitter broccoli rabe with it. Meh. To add insult to injury they serve this on a HUGE plate, emphasizing the fact that you're either going to be broke or hungry upon leaving.Charcuterie plateI'm no cured meat expert but nothing about this was that good, except the pate.
3	Only went in once, and it was brunch, so this review is of limited scop, but I was pretty disappointed in my experience here.  Food was bland and a little over priced.  I recall having a brunch special, and there was nothing special about it...har har har.Atmosphere was very nice, and I recall the service was good, so I'll give it a mediocre 3 stars, but I think there is probably better in Madison, for brunch at least.
5	A regular brunch spot for my wife and I. Maybe a little on the pricy side, but a nice treat. I'm in love with the mussels, but the buckwheat Belgian waffle can't miss either. Great bar to have a coffee/cocktail at while you wait for your table.
4	Only been to the bar. Nice atmosphere, good service, not too loud, reasonably priced drinks.
4	Partway through a long bike ride, we became ravenously hungry. We were right by Sardine on a sunny Sunday, and stopped in for brunch. It was DELISH! A little pricy but very interesting options, super flavorful. I wish we'd had the foresight to get there a little less starved so we could have eaten on the deck, but we took the first available seats to get some food fast. I don't know how we've lived here for so long without ever going here before! But we will be back, and now are excited to try dinner too.
1	This place gave me the worst food poisoning of my like.  I was served undercooked pork.  Not only did the food make me sick but it didnt taste great either.  I would not go here again.   Very overpriced for the experience.
5	greetings fellow lovers of food.it was balmy Wednesday evening. it had been raining for 4 days, but it was a warm rain thank god. the misses and I both had a rare evening free from responsibility, that cruel mistress. I was wearing a one of a kind brewery sweatshirt that fit me a little too snugly. she, heaven. I had been staying up too late for a few nights on my projects. needed a shave and I needed a good drink like Sammy makes, only at the sardine. a local hideaway with a dependable kitchen, fostering much of the criminal element in this Gothic sprawl i call home. Madison. writing the word is like an old lovers name on parched lips; it leaves a sting, but sweetly.the food was excellent, the company more than. the drinks made me feel young again, and the staff treated us like kings and queens and family all around.I'd like to see this place in the winter, with Sinatra on soft in the background. clinking of glasses, chandeliers like quaking pearls in the sky. white snow on the not yet frozen lake outside, tasting the salt in the sea.
5	I really do love this place. I like the decor, the food is amazing, and the staff is friendly. I must admit, I have only eaten here for brunch. The three or four times I've been here I've usually ordered the Grilled Norwegian Salmon. It is served with a poached egg, some beans, a light frise salad, and bacon lardons. Delicious every time. On one occasion I did get an egg that was too under cooked for my liking (runny whites). I let the server know, and I got a perfectly cooked egg in a matter of minutes. The Bloody Mary's are also quite special here. It seems that they put more time into their Bloody Mary concoctions here versus most places. During the summer I always try to wait for a patio table. I'll usually have a drink at the bar. Sitting outside and enjoying the great view of the lake is worth the wait. During the colder months I try to request a table near the windows. Brunch items can run from $8 for waffles to $18 for Salmon or crab cakes. Checks can run a little on the steep side, but you get what you pay for!
5	It's been years since the last time I went to Sardine...and I can't believe I had allowed so much time to pass. I was reminded today of their awesomeness at brunch. My boyfriend and I got two items and shared because that's what winners do. The best item we had was the grilled ribeye (tender and perfectly seared), which comes with poached eggs, sauted broccoli rabe, spinach, and cherry tomatoes. It's all covered in a light hollandaise with truffle oil. I ordered some pieces of baguette to soak up all of that goodness. The second, also delicious, though not quite as impressive item was the grilled pork sausage. The sausages were pretty good, though the crispy polenta-ish cake that came with it stole the show. Coffee was fab: smooth, rich, perfect. I had a bloody Mary which was zingy and pretty tasty, with a sweet pickle garnish. Wish I would have been given a choice of beer back (whatever light beer that comes with is just not quite my thing). The weather was perfect today, and so we waited for a table on the terrace. We had coffee at the bar, and it was only about 20 minutes before we were seated. Not bad for a late morning on a Sunday.
4	Would you like fries or a salad with that burger?...are never words you would hear here because you get both automatically when you order one! I've tried several burgers in the Madison area and I would consider myself somewhat of a knowledgeable resource when it comes to burgers around here. Sardine's has made #2 on my list for best burger I've had in Madison. (#1 being  the late night burger at Tornado room) I had a taste of both the house burger and the sardine burger. House burger you can't go wrong with. Has your standard toppings. However if you are feeling a little adventurous definitely go with the sardine burger. I was worried that the burger might be a little to sweet with both figs and caramelized onions on it but it was every bit savory as I wanted it to be. Note- that burgers can only be ordered at the bar or in the bar "area". Brunch here is amazing as well. They take reservations so you should make them! will save you a big hassle. Dinner is a little bit pricier than brunch and the bar menu but it is a nice place to take a date. They also have seating that faces the water so if you really want to impress someone when the weather is nice try to snag one of these tables! It's beautiful. I also applaud Sardine TREMENDOUSLY for being a restaurant that cares about where their fish are caught and sourced and tries to be sustainable. I know it's hard to do in the midwest but it is a serious issue and I'm glad they are taking the steps to be a restaurant that cares.
4	Great place.  The drinks are excellent.  It's what I would call Alsatian fare, so if that's your scene, Sardine is the place for you.
5	Sardines is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Madison.  I am really upset that I just only tried them out on my last trip to Madison!Everything from start to end was perfect, the staff is super friendly and accommodating of last minute reservations for large groups.Their drink menu is great, they have a ton of options for wine (glasses, 1/2 bottles or bottles), craft beers and many great craft cocktails.  I stuck with the wine, but the others in my large party got a few of the craft cocktails and they were all beautiful and tasted great.  To start I had the Warm Duck Confit salad, which was delicious.  I am not really a duck person as I find it very greasy, but this salad was excellent and not full of grease. All in all I think our entire party ordered all of the salads and every plate was licked clean!For my main meal I got the Grilled Hanger Steak, it was cooked perfectly and very tender.  The glaze it had on it was very good and did not over power the meat.  Others in my party ordered the pork chop, steak frites and pasta dishes.  No one left hungry.For dessert, our table shared a bunch desserts, but I do have to say that the creme brule was my favorite.  There was also this rich chocolate gnash cake someone ordered, it was very good but way too rich for my taste.The service was excellent, our waiter made sure to come around to fill up our water and make sure our drinks were never empty.  He made us keep laughing with his french humor.  I would of LOVED to come here during the hot summer months, as the view outside of the restaurant is great. There was also plenty of street and lot parking.If you are staying in the Madison area, go here!  If you are in the Capitol area, it is a little walk to get here, I would recommend walking fast or getting your hotel shuttle to give you a ride.  It is worth it!
4	Happy hour with $3 house wine or Stella and half price East Coast oysters. This place is my jam. The space is beautiful, food is delicious and fresh, and there's something on the menu for everyone. One star off because over the past year the quality of service has really gone downhill.Also...they make a strong salty dog at brunch.
1	We ordered the mussels here and my husband was throwing up later that evening.   I think he ate a bad one.  You have to be really careful when cooking those things as  they can make people VERY sick if not cooked properly.  I wouldn't eat here again.
4	Exceptional food and service and one of the best dining experiences in Madison, WI.
