1	The only thing that was okay about this place was the fact that they're prices are somewhat reasonable, now I didn't do much shopping around but I did go to a few places and they didn't have as high of a price as some places. However, the way they do business there is probably a reason I may not ever be back. My CareCredit card had closed on my for inactivity and I was unaware of that when I had gone in. So I had no other choice but to put it on a credit card. I have been working with Terry for the past month because she had told me that once I had my CareCredit situated that they will refund my credit card and charge the CareCredit. We did it this way so that I can recieve the promotion of no intrest for 12 months. I had my procedure on December 20th and called Terry for my credit situation a few days after that and I still haven't heard back. At first I was being patient because it was around the time of the holidays and all, and I actually called yesterday morning and was told she would get back to me within the day and I am still waiting!! I understand, sometimes things are out of their control, but as far as customer service goes, I wish I could have at least gotten a call back to keep me updated. I checked my CareCredit account and have been charged for my procedure however I am still waiting on my refund from when I paid on my card. So I basically paid TWICE. It's been over a month and they have yet to call me, I'm always the one calling them. Not very business like. For everyone looking for a dental place, I would keep searching. They're prices are fair and decent, but I'm sure there are other places that have similar pricings.... just gotta look harder next time!! (shame on me) :(
1	I have never had such bad service from the reception desk to the dentist and then to the office manager and billing. What dentist says "boy, for a pretty lady you sure have an awful mouth."??? REALLY? I now go to Dr. Jane Liu on 5750 W. Thunderbird and she and her staff are on the other extreme of the continuum with their quality of work, respect toward clients, and cheerful atmosphere. She did for me what the dentist at Best Choice Dental said he couldn't do after stating he could and quoting me a price.STAY AWAY FROM BEST CHOICE DENTAL...THEY DON'T EVEN DESERVE A 1 STAR RATING.
5	I've been coming here for more than a year and I always receive the best care possible. The staff is kind and patient, they are always friendly and they always make me feel comfortable even in the most uncomfortable procedures. The first time I came here Terry eased my concerns by giving me options with my dental care, she walked me through the dental procedure and she calmed me right down. She has literally changed my whole experience with the dentist and I will never go anywhere else. Dr. Kloss is amazing, always very efficient and gentle and honest. Thank you all for being SO amazing!
1	I have a bad experience here first of all I pay a lot of money here and I was supposed to get a root canel and then a crown but they say I didn't need it so now I'm in really pain so I have to come back to get it and pay 690$ which I saw in the websit it say 380$ so I tell Monica she told me that is 380 and up but I didn't see the up in it so becareful don't go there they mislead the price and rude too. I regret to pay over 9000$ for this place . And they rush u in and out too I don't think is. Honest place . The only doctor is nice there is dr Robert but all the other doctor is not good. So I will never come back here again. The other doctor that did my teeth he no longer work there but after I got the vaneer it fell off I didn't think he have experience at all. Next time they shouldn't do false advertisement I'm really disappoint about this place .
