1	All Im gonna say is "Bad place to have a Taekwondo Tournament". Other than that, its ok .....for its sizeDrawback, lack of parking.
5	Ever dreamt of making that last shot to beat the buzzer??? Then come here to join the basketball league. Look for a guy named pepsi and he'll hook you up. I've been playing for two seasons and loving every minute of it!!!
3	Also known as "The Tark" for short, I've been able to play a few games of basketball here and there. Their gym is clean 9/10 and the crowds and players there are respectful to the game and everyone shares that mutual respect for anyone who comes to play ball here.The referees do a great job for what they do here! Props to all of them! It isn't an easy job to ref games here because each game is always full of players with that heart and passion for the game and to tell 6' 6" player that he stayed in the paint for more than 3 seconds is a little intimidating; for me at least standing at a huge 5' 7"! Haha! They have electronic score boards, benches for families and friends to watch the games and the bathrooms aren't spotless but they're pretty clean for a basketball gym.The only downfall that I have to mention is the lack of air coming into the gym. It gets super stuffy in there and makes it hard to breathe, especially for the players that are running up and down the basketball court. I can't imagine what it's like for the folks watching and all the stale air they're breathing in from 10 men running up and down the court. Yuck! It'd also be cool if their parking lot was a little bigger. If you aren't early, you're parking far. Carpool with your friends if you don't like the hassle of looking for a spot to park. A great addition would be a free weight room with a few treadmills to warm up before the games.I look forward to more seasons and games to play here. I'm not sure if it's available for rent or private games, but ask for Pepsi when you get there and he would have more information about that.
3	Came in to see a friend play a basketball game and for what it was designed for it was an ok place. They have a large partition blocking courts from evenand odd with four courts noted in the area we were at. The problem was that courts on the same side had no barrierso it was odd to have to stop one game because the ball from court three rolled into court 1. Other than that, its a standard b-ball court. The refs were astute and the game was good. The bleachers were average. The parking situation is below average. Its essentially a rec center that does basketball only. nothing really to rave or dislike about it either way..
4	We booked a full court here for 2 hours on a Saturday afternoon for $100. Not bad when we split that between 10 guys. The courts are split off so you don't get basketballs flying in from other courts but we did we some random kids coming over to shoot on our court and sitting on our bleachers once in a while so it's not entirely private.
4	Gym has 4 basketball courts. They run a training camp for kids here and basketball leagues as well.
3	Great place to play basketball! Its really big with 4 courts and referees! I only go when my friends are playing a tournament and I go out and support. I've never played, but it looks really fun! If you have a basketball team or want to set one up, this is the place to go in Vegas. The location is convenient. It is right behind Palace Station! The parking spot is easy and there is always plenty of space.
2	I like the fact this gym has 4 basketball court as it is very needed in the city of Las Vegas. I'm here maybe 3-4 times a week. Our basketball teams takes part in the Asian League on Sun, Mon & Wed. "pLaYhOuSe Basketball" it's great that these court are open late. We hold practice from 10:30pm-12:30am. I believe it's the only gym that's open this late. Reason for not giving it 5 stars are-Parking sucks, not enough parking-Parking area is way too dark (not safe)-NO WATER FOUNTAIN -A couple of the over head lights are out and it makes the courts look very dark while playing
2	Had no idea they let blind people referee absolutely horrible reffing half the time they just talk to each other. And I'm not just being biased I know for sure they were bad refs because i myself clearly hit it out of bounds and they gave us possession of the ball.  Great place horrible refs.
3	Located next to a daycare center and Palace Station. This is where my cousin and my boyfriend play league basketball. I grew up watching and playing basketball. Watching people I know personally play makes it more special even if the game is early Sunday morning when I could be in bed.This place is named after UNLV coach Jerry Tarkanian who got inducted to Basketball Hall of Fame last year. They have 4 courts and benches. There are vending machines and the restrooms are pretty clean.
