5	After having a horrible experience at another salon, I learned about yelp and only decided to try out another new place due to being 35-45 minutes from my side of town. They had a number of good reviews, and lived up to all of them. I drove across town to go there again today. Love them!  Honestly I think they have done the best nails I've ever had.
5	Mike does such a great job ! I haven't found any one that does my nails like Mike !
5	I have gone to Lee's Nails for years for my pedicures.  Mona and Michael are very friendly. Their spa is very clean and relaxing. They have just remodeled and it is very welcoming. Go in and pamper yourself.
4	"I've been here about 4 times. I have never been disappointed. It is a clean shop with a wide selection of rainbow colors. They take their time with you and you never feel rushed. Tina and everyone here are awesome!"And the massage place next door isn't bad either.
5	Place looks down BUT. They do gels better than I have ever had!  plus the massage at the end is excellent. I go ti Tina. She is awesome.
5	Nice people, great price and fantastic job! They also speak clear English! I Will be back.
5	I've been looking for a new nail shop close to home. I was a walk in and didn't have to wait very long. Mona did a fantastic job with my nails!  If you want a pleasant experience with terrific work, I highly recommend this shop!
5	I have been going to Mona and Michael (husband and wife) owners of Lee's Nails since they opened. They are good, fast, friendly, easy to communicate with, family orientated, professional, clean, reasonably prices Nail and wax establishment. I recommend them 100% with all my heart!
5	A great place for pedicures! This establishment is run by a great husband & wife team who always take great care of everybody! We've been going to them for a few years now and we absolutely love the pedicures. The chairs massage you while you get pampered and a foot massage! The place is always clean and they are super friendly. If you're looking for a great pedi place I highly recommend this one! Inspire the man in your life because they are perfect for couples pedis!
