4	This is a tough review to write.  On the one hand, it's necessary to see Dr. Mukhopadhyay as needed for digestive ailments or in my case, colon screening because I'm of the age when that's a diagnostic test which can detect cancer of the colon early.  On the other hand, having the procedure done isn't a lot of fun.  Well, at least the getting ready part the night before isn't much fun.As for the test itself, once the cleanse is finished and you're at the Summerlin Hospital Endoscopy Center, the nap is quite refreshing and you remember nothing!My follow up visit with the doctor--note how I avoid typing his name twice--was good news and I don't have to see him for another 5 years!  I would recommend Dr. Mukhopadhyay to anyone who needs to see a digestive specialist.  He's a very personable man.
1	If there were a zero star, I would give it. I do not know how this doctor has a medical degree? His licence needs to be taken away ASAP. He should not be practicing in Nevada. Every time we went in for a follow up on a test he requested, he would say "why are you here?" we would tell him for the follow up. "what follow up? what test did you do?" we would tell him the test and he would say, "I never ordered that for you" then he would order another test..after 3 times of doing this, One of them being an actual surgery in summerlin hospital,which he said he never even preformed we found another gastro. This Dr is a joke. How do you actually do a surgery on a patient and then when they come to get the results of the biopsy, he tells you he never did the surgery??? I've never heard of such a thing. Stay far away!
1	HORRIBLE experience with Dr. Mukhopadhyay!  Went for a consultation at his office in August 2013.  Scheduled a colonoscopy for the beginning of September which I had to take a day off of work to have done, as he only does the procedure on Monday and Friday.  His office called 3 days before the procedure to cancel and reschedule. Understandable, some times things come up in doctors schedules and appointments need to be changed.  I rescheduled the day that they called in September for a Monday in December.  Again, I had to take an additional day off from work.  I did not receive a reconfirmation call on the Friday before the procedure so I called his office to reconfirm with them.  They had NO appointment scheduled for me!! Even though I had rescheduled the day that they called to cancel the first appointment.  To add insult to injury I get a bill from them at the end of January (5 months after my one and only office visit) saying I never paid my insurance co-pay!!  Really!!?!??  HORRIBLE experience!!  I lost 2 days of work for a procedure I never had and now get a bill trying to shake down $20.00 extra dollars from me for my co-pay.
5	Deb Mukhopadhyay MD...  Kind and Compassionate... Has taken good care of me and my family since he first started.  Recommended by my IM Physician... Great choice!  If you are looking for a Gastroenterologist in Summerlin.  You will not be disappointed.
