4	While the food was just okay, we had a great evening.  If you want some high energy entertainment and a lot of laughs, this is something to try. When I first got here, I thought that being in a Coco's was a.little weird.  Although it was a little hokey  - it ended up being a fun evening.
5	My husband and I attended a dinner show last night. We had such a fun time!!! The people at we met were great. The show it self was fun and we laughed all night. Totally worth the $. It was sort of an interactive murder mystery show. I wasn't sure if my husband would like it, but he loved it and we plan to attend one of their other show........Go to one....It was really fun:)$39 that included the chicken dinner, salad and cake. Coffee and water at the tables. Drinks $2 and I think their was drink specials for $6.......There is a bar right in the room.
1	My friends and I attended a show on 2-23-13. The price was $45 including the tax. The entire evening was a let down. First of all, the tickets are entirely over priced for what you get. We were served a basket of bread to begin, a small salad, the chicken piccata and a small bowl of dessert. Besides the main entree, we were not given a choice regarding the other food (i.e type of salad dressing, or dessert) The main entree was almost not edible at all. The best part of the dinner was the bread basket, and that isn't saying much. Second, $45 ticket price doesn't even include beverage service (soda, tea, coffee ect...) Drinks were a minimum of $2 and you had to pay for refills on soda. There was a bar and my friends did order drinks, but you had to get up and get them yourself. The entire dinning experience was sub par and most certainly not worth $45. On to the show, the "murder mystery." The actors were very nice, as they constantly engaged the audience. However the show was too interactive and therefore took away from the theater aspect. The main idea to get audience members on stage and make them look goofy took away from the plot and made it very difficult to follow. The lights in the room were never even dimmed for ambiance. While the actors had some great one-liners and did make us laugh, it wasn't a great show. I would not recommend this show because it simply isn't worth $45. I was very disappointed.
4	Pleasantly surprised, to say the least.  Tacky venue and the food was just okay but the entertainment was really good!  The actors are energetic and professional.  You can tell they take great pride in their performance and do a terrific job with improv.  We attended with a group from Anthem Country Club and are already planning to return for the next show.  Trust me, you forget you are in a dingy Coco's and that you are faced with a mountain-sized mound of tasteless steamed broccoli on your dinner plate.  Bravo!
5	Had a great time.  Was really campy and silly. The cast was quite funny. Go prepared to just cut loose, don't take it or yourself too seriously and just enjoy (a drink or two helps as well). The whole thing was fun and funny.
