5	I am happy to report that this location is just as good as Central Ave!  I was working in Huntersville and I saw the Three Amigos logo out of the corner of my eye, I couldn't believe my eyes!!  I went to work and made a plan for everyone to have a margarita after work!  Who could say no to that?I ordered what I always order, guacamole and chicken enchiladas verde.  Delicioso!If you like spicy food, make sure you ask for the salsa verde, it's pureed jalapeno. You're welcome! lol The guacamole with a drizzle of the salsa verde makes me sing (and cry from hotness sometimes)This atmosphere is shiny and new, but it's in a newish shopping center, everything can't have charm like Central Ave!Three Amigos always has drink specials, kid's nights, contests, make sure you read the board!!!
5	I've been to the Cental Ave location a couple times and thought it was pretty good, but I had an awesome meal at my first visit at this new location so I thought I'd share.I was very impressed with my meal and service at this location. It could very well be the best plate of mexican cuisine I've had. The staff was friendly in this new location which also brings quite a better parking situation and more seating than the Central Ave location.
3	I happened to be in the area, so figured I would stop into the newest Three Amigos location, purely for comparison purposes. From the outside, it is much simpler to park - no worries about finding a space if there are more than ten people there. You just have to park a bit further away.Once inside, the atmosphere is definitely newer and shinier than on Central, and it suffers a bit in comparison (but only in comparison - if you go to other Mexican places, it's fine). The staff is great, as always, and the bar area is a bit nicer than on Central. There are perhaps twice as many tables as there are on Central.Most importantly, I am happy to report that the food seems identical to that on Central - the salsa verde, the mole, the tomatillo, everything tastes just as good in the new location. Hope that the crew can keep things going and expand even more in the future!
5	Was surprised to see we had a new restaurant at that location. So gave it a try last night for dinner.  Wow,    A+ on the food, A+ on the service.  Outstanding restaurant and my new favorite.  Fresh ingredients and it shows. Was glad to see they had a nice sized crowd there cause I really really hope this place makes it. One thing, maybe turn down the volume on the music a bit.  But still a great place
4	This is certainly not good news for my waistline that 3 Amig's has now opened in my neck of the woods.....not good at all.  I've already gone 3 times and they've only been open 2 weeks:-)  I was so excited to see that 'opening soon' sign.  The food is just as good as the central avenue location and I've even tried a few new dishes but I still love the enchiladas.  One of the nights I dropped in was a Friday and they had live music.....sweet!  I am so in love with this place, it's the perfect replacement for that awful Loco Lime that did the area a favor and closed.......
4	Welcome to the neighborhood! I ate here today with two friends and both the food and the Marquitas were very good.  I will definitely go back again.
3	Enjoyed my meal, but it wasn't anything special.  Great beer selection, especially for a Mexican place.  I would go back.
4	Thank you Three Amigos!!!  In fact, goodbye Loco Lime and hello to my new favorite Mexican spot.  Excellent, fresh margaritas, great tequila selections, and the food is wonderful as well. Guacamole - fresh, chunky, flavorful and I could stop in just to eat a serving of this alone.  But there's so much more.  And it's so close to home.  Welcome to the neighborhood Three Amigos.  Stay awhile!
2	We had high hopes for Three Amigos. Went on a Friday night and and after waiting a long time to be seated we were finally seated. When asked if they had draft beer, the hostess clearly had no idea what draft beer meant and said she would get back to us yet she never came back.  We sat there for a very long time watching waitresses go by ignoring us. We had to flag down a waitress to get our drinks. My husband wanted to just leave at that point but I wanted to at least try the food and drinks. The waitress we flagged down said she didnt know who was supposed to have our table but she would take our orders. The waitress was very nice but had no idea what the different draft beers were. Being from a local brewery I wanted to at least know which ones were lighter in color so I could choose accordingly but she couldnt even tell us that. The food took a very long time to come out and it wasnt even that great. We sadly will not be going back to this restaurant. Protip: Make sure your waitresses know about your local beers you are serving but if you cant educate them at least have descriptions on a menu. The waitress told us she had no idea what they were like because she "didnt drink beer" and just showed us the names of the beers she had scribbled down on a piece paper.
4	Got my hubby to go the Three Amigos.  Great Choice!  The service and food was wonderful.  We hardly have leftover when we dine out.  But this time we did. The servings was good.
5	I have been to this place on at least 8 occasions and I leave happy every time. Great specials an great staff. Glad they replaced the other place that was there. What makes Mexican food great is fresh ingredients. Please keep it that way.
3	I have eaten at this location three different times and unfortunately do not have much good to say. One time our waitress completely forgot about our table. She took our drink order and did not come back for 30 minutes. When she did come back, she told us that she forgot about us and that we could leave if we wanted to. We thought the comment about leaving was very strange and it made us feel like she didn't want us to eat there. This waitress still works there, by the way.Tonight I ordered the Naked Fajita, which is under the "Fajitas" section. The description under the "Fajitas" header says that all fajitas are served on a skillet and served with rice, beans, tomato and avocado. The Naked Fajita description says it is served with a side of lettuce to use as wraps.When I got my fajita, it was not served on a skillet. It did not have rice, beans, avocado or tomato. I questioned the waitress. She left to ask someone about it and came back and told me that the Naked Fajita did not come with any of that stuff. I told her that the menu said it did. She left and came back again with a take-out menu (which is not what I looked at when I ordered... I looked at the regular menu that was given to me by the hostess), where it says in italics that the Naked Fajita did not come with rice and beans. I told the waitress that this statement was not on the regular menu, and she replied that the dish didn't come with rice and beans.Oooookay. So then I told her that really the main thing I wanted was the fresh avocado. No where on either menu did it state that this was NOT included on the Naked Fajita. She told me that the avocado only comes with all of the other fajitas, but not the naked one. What??? Finally I just asked for a side of guacamole, which I paid $2 extra for.Based on my experience, I think this restaurant has horrible customer service. I will never eat here again.UPDATED: After my review, the owner of this business contacted me apologizing for my experience. Because of this, I've upgraded my rating from 1 star to 3 stars.
3	Epanada was amazing! I had enough food from my entree' to feed a family of at least 3. I will definitely be back. The 3 stars is because my entree', Arroz Con Camoron needed more flavor.
5	Love this place! Authentic Mexican and their tomatillo verde sauce is amazing! I could eat there every day!
4	Good service, quick ticket time and live music on the Saturday I ate here. The food quality didn't blow my mind, but it was definitely above average. I would come back.
1	There is nothing "authentic" about the food that this restaurant is serving. I would like to know what region of Mexico that the previous reviewers have traveled to in order to make their statements valid. Let's start with the chips' salsa. Theirs is nothing more than commercially canned generic sauce that has had cilantro and onions added. Other reviewers say it is fresh meaning made from scratch, which it is not. If you have ever had homemade, you would know the difference.I ordered the "Mix-itas", which is supposed to be equal parts shrimp, beef, and chicken fajitas. The shrimp was rubbery from overcooking, the chicken minimal, and it contained about three pieces of beef, which I had to dig through a pound of tasteless previously frozen onions and peppers to find. They serve it with canned beans and just-add-water bland rice. It did not come with sour cream or guac...just two slices of avocado.I did not have any issues with service, however, I was there after lunch and there was only one other table. That factor makes me question the kitchens' attention to their cooking.My iron-stomach gassed and churned the rest of the day and evening, which makes me wonder about the freshness of the ingredients...especially the rubber shrimp.They can not offer enough coupons to make this a worthwhile dining experience.
4	This is a great new addition to the neighborhood. I visit pretty regularly and it's one of the very few places I order new things each time. I have enjoyed all of the Dominican style meats and other new variations on traditional Mexican food. Great beer selection and the staff are always very friendly to my daughter and I. Highly recommend this place.
5	Was surprised to see we had a new restaurant at that location. So gave it a try last night for dinner.  Wow,    A+ on the food, A+ on the service.  Outstanding restaurant and my new favorite.  Fresh ingredients and it shows. Was glad to see they had a nice sized crowd there cause I really really hope this place makes it. One thing, maybe turn down the volume on the music a bit.  But still a great placeUpdate 11/9/2013Been coming here 2,3,4 times a month since my first visit. My wife and I ate dinner there tonight. ALWAYS excellent food and good service.  Still love this place and a great alternative to the chain restaurants.
1	Very disappointing. Chicken quesadilla was shredded and loaded with so much queso that it was soggy. Surprised because they have such a good rep but Im going to stick with Cabo Fish Taco.
5	Delicious.  Great Service.  Yelp Deals are the best!!!  Glad to have a local Mexican Restaurant.
4	I love the original location on Central Avenue, this location is alright (3.5). I've been here twice now, so this is a general review of both occasions. They get an extra star for the outdoor patio, as the other location only has 2 tables outside the front door. Margaritas on a warm sunny day? Patio is necessary for this! On my recent visit, Myself and two other ladies indulged in the dip trio of queso, pico, and guac, in addition to the salsas we had already been served. All of the dips were fresh tasting, especially the pico and guacamole which are two crucial elements to Mexican restaurants, I think!House made margaritas, light and not overly sour, which I enjoy. Had two of these. The special of the day was fish tacos, served with black beans and rice, so I ordered these but I was underwhelmed. First of all, our server never brought up the special to begin with, so I had to ask him about them. All he told me was "they're good".  Your basic tilapia, fried, with a rather bland mango salsa and a streak of sour cream. Just wasn't mind blowing, and I don't think I'd order them again. They're better at making awesome enchiladas and street-style tacos. This said, my friend who ordered enchiladas was thoroughly pleased with her selection.Service was not absolutely horrible, but our server certainly did not go out of his way to do well at his job. Never got a name, never came back to ask how everything was after we'd taken our first bites, left empty glasses and stacked plates on our table, and just generally lacked personality. Refills were hard to come by as well. I'll come back when I'm in the area but I hope service will be better.
1	I was so excited to get this restaurant in my neighborhood but I have had one bad experience  after another.  No matter if we eat in or get it to go the food is just not good to be a so authentic Mexican restaurant.   I have had the worse service and food three times now and I even called and talked to a manager who assured me things would change.   I just went there for take out.  Ordered fundino dip.   No sausage in it but charged for it.   She say oh you want that goes in the back half way microwave and comes back.   Chips taste old and stale.   Also ordered tacos el pastor.   Horrible tough meat no flavor too much cilantro overwhelming.    Rice dry and lumpy, beans no flavor.    This was my last time trying to support bad neighborhood  businesses.
5	This Mexican restaurant is the best!  The food is awesome. Service good. If busy patience is good which I have. Karen the manager is very good at her job and cares about the food and service. You don't find many managers as good as she is. She is in control and cares about the food and service. Hats off to them!!  Good help is hard to find and she tries to find it!  I come a lot and love it    Thanks Amigos!!
4	Love their tacos and the house margaritas.
5	The food is so good. I'm lucky they are only a block away from my house. I love all their sauces esp the green creamy one. The tortas are my favorite.  I have tried them all. The enchiladas are phenomenonal too!  I recently tried the small portion smothered fries....WOW! very tasty and u get tons of fries! I had to ask if that was the small portion! Service is great too! They always have drink specials AND they use fresh squeezed fruit in their margaritas!
5	Three Amigos is the best Mexican food ever! It is so authentic and tastes so fresh. The queso is my favorite and the guacamole is to die for. Made so fresh and so yummy! The margaritas are also delicious and made with fresh fruit & the fishbowl ones are so big and good. Get the chimichangas with shrimp, they are amazing & so much food so you will have yummy left overs as well!
5	DELISH! My husband and I love going here for our date nights. We both love Mexican food and there premium margaritas (which come in a fishbowl size glass) are great! I always get the Enchiladas Verdes, yum the food is fresh, the salsa's are fresh great authentic flavors.
5	This is an awesome place!  Friendly staff, great cooks and they will fix your food however one want!  Just ask. . Karen the manager is very good and personable. Wonderful place. Thanks Three Amigos!!AGW
4	Great food, go there often for the home made margaritas, they are excellent. Family run really friendly staff.  Good choice nice patio too...
2	The place was empty and the service was still really slow. I ordered the guacamole appetizer, but I didn't get it until my Naked Fajita came out. The guac was really wet for some reason, but the fajita was ok. About as generic as a fajita can get. Nothing spectacular. I read on another review that the margaritas were great, but I wasn't impressed. Definitely used bottled sour mix, NOT the fresh juice I read about. My friends swear by this place, but I probably won't go back.
5	This was our first visit and we will be back. Margaritas were excellent, food great, and fast, friendly service! Overall extremely happy with our experience!
3	Great food, lousy service. Came on a moderately weeknight. Every step of the meal took a long time - waiting for a server to acknowledge us, waiting for our food, waiting to order dessert, waiting for the bill. Our dinner plates were never cleared, even when dessert arrived. Strangely, it seemed to be our table - four parties came, ordered, ate and left after we ordered and before we left. Service was pleasant and our food was as ordered. It just took a really long time. The food was good, and they have a nice variety of taco fillings, including tongue and tripe.
4	Food is on par with central location service hasent got there yet over all good Mexican American food. Always love the enchiladas.
1	Service was terrible. We had to wait half an hour to get our checks on a day where the restaurant was nearly empty. One of the chairs was broken and I injured my finger sitting down. We were not informed of surcharges on menu items until the check had already arrived.
