2	Not sure why I went into this store; everytime I do, I wonder what I expected to see other than the same, tired looks that Eddie Bauer has been putting out for decades.If you want something nice, that say is updated every couple of season or so, go to Banana Republic; more stylish clothes, but still grown up enough no one will accuse you of having a midlife crisis (or of being from a nursing home like some of the clothes from EB will make you look).Thumbs Down.
4	Great customer service experience! I had an older Eddie Bauer roller duffel bag that was purchased from another licensed retailer and given to me as a gift several years ago. The retractable handle had broken and I was told by an EB customer service rep via the EB website that I could try to take my bag into this outlet store and exchange it per the lifetime guarantee. When I got there, Cindy, the store manager kindly informed me that since the bag was not from an EB store, they weren't supposed to take it back. She originally said the best she could do was give me a partial $40 credit towards a similar bag. While I was browsing the bags they had in store she could tell I had my eye on one that was similar in size to the one I was returning and also my company colors, which was important since I travel a lot for work. Cindy then walked into the back and came out with one of the same new rolling duffel bags that I was eyeing and said "I'm going to have to eat the difference on this exchange, but here you go." I offered to take the store credit and pay the difference but she refused. Cindy said she would happily take care of it and I got a brand new bag worth $150 for no charge. That is how you create goodwill and brand loyalty with your customers. Thanks for going out of your way Cindy!
1	Beware of them signing up for an Eddir Bauer account. You would think that you would save money. But if you sign up for a account and if you delay your payment by a 3 months, you would have to pay 4 times the orignal amount. Good Luck!
