5	Am I the only one who has driven by here wondering what in the hell this place is?  And are their date shakes really "world famous."  Well, you'll all be glad to know I finally have the answers.Rest assured it is not a house of ill-repute, nor a ranch.  And the shakes are world famous...if you live in my world anyway.  In my younger years, I was not a fan of the date, the fruit that is.  Remember the ones that grew in a box?  With the dry skin and squishy inside, you really couldn't tell the difference between it and a cockroach.  Much like prunes, they grow on you as you get older.  So after driving by Sphinx a zillion times to go to Dairy Queen, my husband and I finally made the effort to stop.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Their Medjools (which come from Yuma BTW) are perfect, even better dipped in chocolate.  And they taste nothing like the crappy boxed ones from yesteryear.  The Ranch also has a variety of dried fruits, nuts, jams, candy, honey, etc, selling products from Arizona when possible.  Gift packages are available and they will ship.  I will definitely be making some Christmas purchases here.And the lady working was sooo nice.  She seemed thrilled to make us a shake.  But then again, she had just gotten off the phone trying to convince her insurance company she was not dead, so maybe she had a new lease on life.As for the shakes, if you've never had one.  You must try it.  I decided the small looked...well, small.  So I had a medium.  Really I shouldn't have.  It was so rich and sweet, my husband never saw dinner that night.  Although he wasn't complaining with his plethera of goodies we purchased.  Summer hours are Mon-Sat until 3 pm.
5	All I can say is "Thank You" Heather and Ryan C!!!Heather wrote a glowing review of this place.When I ran into Heather and Ryan at Brackin's on Wednesday night, they waxed rhapsodic about the pleasures of this place...really, they almost lapsed into prose to extol the virtues of the "date milkshake"...I sort of thought that "date milkshake" must be some sort of euphemism for something far more exotic:)It just couldn't be that a dried fruit based confection could move sane and rational Yelpers to near tears of joy!I walked in to this place yesterday, intending to try it myself and see about this "date milkshake"...I walked out with $50 worth of salsas, nut's, dates and pickled beans.Oh, and one of the best freaking milkshakes I have ever had!Astonishing!!
5	Stopped in today for a shake (my diet is not going well) and found a cooler in the back of the store with date bread and probably the BEST OATMEAL COOKIES EVER!!!!
4	After spending a few summers in Phoenix you learn to locate and love certain watering holes.  One of the best treats to cool off the perspiration of a long Phoenix afternoon is the date shake at Sphinx.  This place has a long history with Scottsdale and its shakes have been hydrating sweaty residents for several decades now.
5	Let's talk about your last date. Was it dry? Too revealing? Sultry? Do you even remember it? If you're anything like me, it was sweet. Really, really sweet. And yesterday no less!But they all blend together. Those dates...IN MY BLENDER! Dates are nature's fuel. Chalk full of glucose, which is broken down with supreme ease by that tawdry liver you abuse with your binge, fringe weekends into the very usable glycogen. A solid glycogen supply is necessary... NO! Imperative, for sustained energy. You know, for your dates? Or the end of your dates, if you know what I mean, wink, wink, hubba, hubba... Yikes. I'm that guy. Anyway, dates have become a huge component of my diet recently and I was reminded by Mama G. that the Sphinx Date Ranch is just a grenade's throw away from her house in Old Town. I stopped in to check it out yesterday and bought a 1lb bag of their jumbo varietal. Yep, I stole a wine word. From what I could discern, there are three date sizes and they're all priced accordingly, with jumbo being the most expensive. I bought those brilliant bastards, which don't taste any better but are more, well, shall we say jumbo(?) and moist and, I must say, simply amazing. If you're into this sort of thing, stop on by for shiz... They gots the goods...But what if our date experiences came in sizes? Like you could buy a Jumbo blind date? He'd look like and act like this season's Bachelor or she'd have Mary's job and love of sports from There's Something about Mary fame. But if you're broke, you could just get the Medium Date with guys who are like me, only single. Dates should definitely be for sale. I'm starting a business. Done and done.I hear the milkshakes are not subliminally sublime. Just, like, regularly sublime.
5	I just recently visited this place and was impressed with not only their support of all things local but that they can ship gift baskets with AZ wine to other states.  The staff Jason and Ron were very helpful and kind and Ron made me an awesome Date milkshake that got me through the rest of my day.  You gotta get one of these if you go.  They have a good selection of AZ wines and will be expanding soon.
4	I wasn't looking for any gifts, but I tried the date shake somewhat hesitantly, but it was so good.  I will go back for another.
5	this is THE place to buy your dates.  They're grown in AZ and picked at perfect ripeness.  they are way softer and better tasting than supermarket dates.  Honey and nuts are farmer's market good as well.  I have been going here for 13 years.  The staff is friendly and can make a gift box any way you want while you wait.  Given them many times.  They were on groupon this year helping to get the word out.Give a box of assorted dates as a gift this holiday.  they'll be sure to share with you.  win win :)
4	Yes if theirs a catagory for best date ranch this is it.I guess its really only competition  are date shakes on the i10 to California.  If you doubt this place find out how much dates make each year. Big Fan here, Well really My Grandma who lives in Chicago always lets me know to bring dates for here. Don't take my word for it , she tells me this place is the best.  Not so easy to find on Scottsdale Rd but keep you eyes open on the right side just before Old Town.  The Company has a great catalogue they send out every fall.  Pick one up and pass it on.
5	LOVE this place!  Such delicious and special little treats, and the dates are FANTASTIC!!  The prices are really amazing if you've shopped for dates elsewhere and settled for little pieces of leather stuffed in a sandwich bag.  Their dates are stored properly for long term shelf life and always taste sooooo creamy and fresh when you bite in.  It isn't a large place and, frankly, doesn't LOOK like much.  But that's part of the charm from my perspective. I always feel like I've stumbled upon an undiscovered gem when I go.  And they ship, too, when I'm not in the area!  If you like dates (or nuts, jams and confections) you won't be disappointed.
5	The Date Milkshake from Sphinx Ranch is hands down the best milkshake I have ever had. Absolutely the best!I was very curious about their date milkshakes after reading other reviews so I decided to try one.   I ordered a medium shake (a little pricey at $4) since I wasn't sure if I would like it.As they made my shake, I browsed the store which has a nice selection of locally grown fruits and nuts for gifts which looked very appetizing but I didn't buy anything else.  After I got the shake I had second thoughts about a date milkshake.  I mean a milkshake made of dates... not the first thing that comes to mind and I have never been at a place that even had them on the menu so how good could it be?  It's mind blowing.As I was driving away I really wanted to turn around and get another. Next time I will definitely get a large one.  It's a little hard to spot this place from Scottsdale road as it is right by a U-Haul store but before the turn for Drinkwater.
4	The date shake is like "the best vanilla shake ever" with little tiny pieces of chopped up dates coming up through the straw the whole time.Awesome.
1	Disappointed because I wanted to send a gift to my Mother and Grandmother for Mother's Day.  Tried to order two gift tins of Medjool Dates on the website but unfortunately the website was not functioning properly.  No big deal, I will give them a call, which I did....  During business hours, but got an answering machine.  Left a message that I wanted to place an order.  Nobody returned the call.  I guess they already have all the business they need.
4	Not a huge date person but the dates were delicious. If you're trying to send a unique, az-themed gift package, this is your place. Local wine, beer, salsa, sweets, and pasta.
5	I visited here tonight for the first time and I adore it. They have the most amazing dates that I have ever had. There is a goods assortment of choices that make it a balanced establishment. And a great place to pick up holiday or a delicious house warning gift. Very friendly and knowledgeable staff. I'll be back.
5	Loved this litte gourmet food shop!  Yes, they have local dates . . . but they have so much more! Choices are plenty and you can fill your Santa's pack with endless unique gifts.Although, I have to admit, the first time you come here you have to really be looking for it. It is hard to find . . . especially in the evening. But keep searching . . . . it is well worth your time! Lots of local - Arizona - goodies. And some can only be found right here in the Valley of the Sun. Of course, if you are smart, they will ship them almost anywhere on our planet!  You can go to their website - www.sphinxdateco.com - but I recommend that you go into their shop on Scottsdale Road so you can see it all up close . . . and get one of the very helpful shop keepers to give you a tour and some of the history (60 years) of the Sphinx Date Co. This is one little shop that is well worth your time when you are shopping for that perfect gift for Aunt Susie or Cousin Thane or your best friend's mother!
5	I love that I can write this review from my phone but I love even more the fact that this landmark local shop lives so close to my own home. If you've ever driven north on Scottsdale road just past Thomas, chances are you've glanced in the direction of Sphinx. If you're like me, you think to yourself, "one of these days I really do have to check it out." Well I finally had the chance to visit and I'm just mad I didn't do it sooner. Sphinx doesn't just have dates. In fact, they are a one stop shop for all things local: Tracy Dempsey original toffees and desserts, Spinato's famous pizza sauce, local beers and wines, local honeys and jams, local pastas and oils. You name it, they've got it and they've got it all in this intimidate shop. Now on to the dates. Have you had a date shake? Do yourself a favor and try this one. It is the creamiest most delicious concoction and don't be afraid of dates. They just provide this sweet taste to the shake. The same goes for the date bread. It tastes a little like banana bread and is amazing. They have rows of gift baskets to choose from that include dates and locally made products and you can also put together your own. It takes visiting this shop to really take everything in. A little history behind this small shop. This local place has been around since the early 1950s and has been selling date products to everyone from royalty to famous celebrities to locals and visitors alike. Not only do they have this shop but they also ship worldwide. During my visit, I learned about the history of dates in general in the Valley. I learned that we have a huge date history and that beautiful places like the Royal Palms in fact used to be date orchards. I also learned that the Brophy family were some of the first to plant these date orchards. While Sphinx didn't open until the early 1950's they actually started growing the dates in the 30's and it took that long for the dates to be ready to sell. Now I'm no date expert, but this is just what I learned. I'm a college history major so you can blame my inner history geek coming out!
5	Great little specialty shop.  More than just dates.  Not tons more, but what they have is really tasty.  I'll be back.
5	I am so glad Yelp introduced me to this local gem! Living right around the corner, I had no idea that this date shop was also a distributor of AZ wine and other local products.  After attending an event at Sphinx Date Farm, I stopped by recently to pick up some holiday gifts and was just as excited as I was at the event.  They have a great selection of AZ wine, and their salted dark chocolate dipped dates are so tasty, and a great stocking stuffer for our local foodie.  I've also fell in love with a spicy honey mustard they sell, so that alone will keep me coming back.  On my last visit, I treated myself to one of their pecan date cookies, and loved it. I will be searching pinerest for a similar recipe.
4	Excellent palace for all local stuff...really diverse wine grouping with wine you can't find most places in Phoenix.
5	I love, love, love dates.  Until I got introduced to this place, I had only had medjool dates.  I didn't know we have a local date, the sphinx date.  Well, this is awesome or terrible, because I have been eating dates since the end of November almost everyday.  I love to chop a couple (more like three or four) on my salads.  I love how sweet and honey like the are.  We stopped on our way to an event in Tempe.  I think this is going to be my rule from now on.  I will stop only if I am close to it.  Besides the sphinx dates I am obsessed with, they also have the salted dark chocolate covered dates my hubby loves.  I am also addicted to these Prickly pear gummy candies.  Very dangerous indeed, I ended up finishing the box by myself in two days.  I will probably find an excuse to go soon, since I am down to 6 or 7 dates on the box.  The date milkshake is also a diet killer, but so yummy.
4	Cute little shop selling medjool and black sphinx dates in all various forms, as well as other locally produced foods. I stopped by and browsed through the store to find lovely gift baskets, preserves and jellies, bulk dates, chocolate covered dates, and fluffy cloudlike marshmallows (Just to name a few!). I ended up with 1 lb. of black sphinx dates ($11.25), a package of 2 chocolate covered marshmallows with graham cracker ($3.50) and a medium date shake ($4).  The dates were perfect- sweet, moist, with a little flaky texture from the outer skin. The date shake was delicious. It was creamy, with a lot of date bits melded into it. Service was friendly and fast. My shake was made in short time, and check out was easy.This is definitely a great place to go for dates and date shakes!
1	Cute store but the date shakes were made with water (ick) not milk.  They were expensive and devoid of the dates for all intents and purposes.  I think they used three dates total for two shakes.  Not enough to even taste.We bought some dates rolled in coconut.  The rolled dates were quite good, but the coconut  had been applied sparingly, and the half almonds on top were small and far from generous.  We wouldn't go back to this place.
4	Cute place. Never noticed it before the remodel and I must have drove past it 100 times. I am all about buying local so it's nice to have a local store offering local stuff. I bought some dates. Man they were good. I also had a date shake... Don't let the name fool you. It is not healthy. It's like a vanilla milkshake with maybe 1 date blended in. Although it wasn't healthy, It was delicious. Minus 1 star because they don't do a lot of sampling. I can't imagine they get a ton of customers daily, so the ones they do get, should be shown around and enticed to buy and try.
5	I can't say enough good thugs about this place! Best jumbo medjools ever.  The staff is always friendly.  The lady today let me sample a sphinx date which was SOOOO good.  I'll definitely be back soon for some of those but as for now I've got 15lbs of medjools:)
5	Wonderful company.  I used to receive the chocolate covered dates from my brother when I lived in Michigan and it was a yearly treat.  Now that I live in Scottsdale, I send them to my daughter in Michigan and she loves them.  Ordering was very pleasant and easy and they were delivered faster than expected.
1	I ordered a basket to be sent out of state. The recipients and myself do not exchange Christmas gifts but always send a note with our gifts saying "please enjoy this non-Christmas gift".Well, my friends received their basket and the enclosed note said "please enjoy this non-Christian gift"!  I realize everyone can make a mistake but this caused a lot of explaining on my part as they were a bit offended. I contacted the company to tell them what happened and and I did not even get the courtesy of a response. I will not be using them again if they don't even care to call and try to make amends.
