5	This is the most reliable car service I have experienced in Pittsburgh. Amazing service. For the last four years, we have used them each week to pick up and drop off colleagues at the airport. They're always waiting by the Hertz counter, ahead of time, without fail. Even when the flight is early or had a 3 hour delay. They charge about $10 more than a yellow cab. If you have client you need picked up or dropped off at the airport, I would highly recommend First Class. My first time in Pittsburgh, when the driver heard I was on an interview, he even gave me a free tour of a few neighborhoods in the city.
5	I agree with the other reviewers. I tried these guys based on the Yelp reviews and was not disappointed. I'm a grumpy New Englander, and have been frustrated by the small town, easygoing/careless customer service at many PGH businesses. These guys are different: professional, punctual (even in snow!).
5	Great customer service.  I was in Pittsburgh for business and needed a car to get back to the airport.  I found these guys on Yelp, and the reviews were not wrong.  It was easy to order the car and pick-up was prompt.
5	Ditto everyone else. I had out of towners needing to get to the airport but I had a last minute work conflict and couldn't drive them. I was nervous about using one of the standard cab companies because their track record of actually showing up isn't great. I called these guys the night before an 8am pick-up and everything went smoothly. Dave even checked on their flight for us to make sure it was on time given bad weather. If you're planning on getting a cab to the airport, definitely use First Class.
5	After reading glowing reviews on Yelp, I decided to try this service to pick up my 83 year old mother and take her to the airport. Service was great. Driver was very courteous and on time. We used them to pick her up at the airport and are equally happy. The driver even carried her suitcases upstairs to her apartment.
5	Fabulous service all around. My husband was coming in on a redeye flight from San Diego around 9am on Saturday morning, and just before midnight on Friday, I realized I wasn't going to be able to pick him up. I called First Class Limousine Service around 12:30am and was pleasantly surprised that someone picked up. I ended up speaking to Dave, the owner, and he was able to accommodate my last-minute request. My husband initially went to the wrong meeting place (on account of his sleep deprivation :) so the company called me asap when he didn't show up right away--I reminded hubby about the correct meeting spot and all went well after that. He was very happy with the service and the price. I'd definitely use this company again for rides to and from the airport! Thanks everyone!
1	Other people may have had a better experience with this company but that was not the case for us.  We had rented a limo/bus for a bachelor party.  Our driver Scott, was completely clueless in navigating the city. Constantly making wrong turns and missing exits. All of this after very thorough instruction as to where to go. Each destination took 3-4 times longer to reach due to his incompetence. This caused us to have to skip a couple of our originally planned stops. After returning to the bus after one of our stops we were informed by Scott that the police had come onto the bus and searched it with dogs. Really?!??!  Why??!!  How??!!  We found that our bags had been rifled through and we all felt a little violated and confused. By this point we decided to call it a night. More than half of our passengers didn't care to step back onto the bus and took cabs home. Just when we thought the worst was over we were wrong. As we enter the highway we realize that Scott has driven all the way up the ramp and onto the highway going THE WRONG WAY!!!  He starts slowly reversing down the ramp while oncoming cars honk and swerve all around us!  Truly terrifying. After that, we were very upset and just wanted to get home. So after several more wrong turns we finally get home. Absolutely terrible night. So if you'd like to book a party bus that will include a geographically blind driver, unecessary police involvement, a near death experience and just an overall sense of frustration mixed with panic then go with these guys. Otherwise, I would suggest staying far, far away!
