4	Easy on the eye, plenty of fancy places to dine and when accompanied by the evening sun glimmering off the water, Leith Docks is a picturesque image to behold. The scene is not that dissimilar to the typical canal laden Dutch town.... ok, that's a little farfetched but from certain angles the water side restaurants and cafe's paint an attractive picture.You'll find some shoddy looking areas within Leith, and some quaint little hotspots....Leith docks definitely is akin to the latter.
4	Leith is the sort of place that I imagine Hugh Grant and Julia Roberts to stroll around in the movie Notting Hill. It's so lovely and soaked with history. The old, warehouse-style buildings make trendy apartments and the lined walkways are lovely.It can be a bit of a nuisance to get down to, especially if you're only going down for a walk - as I often am. But once you get there, it's worth the journey.Leith is in the middle of a regeneration project, the 'We Love Leith' signs are everywhere, to try to encourage people to come out and walk around. Although this is a good thing, part of me doesn't want more people around because it's so special just the way it is.
4	Everyone needs a good thinking place. Sometimes a quiet bar is good, sometimes just your own bedroom. But there's no better thinking spot than Leith Docks. You can sit on a bench and look out to the Waters of Leith and just contemplate. I stayed here for approximately an hour and a half looking weird. But I did do a lot of thinking. Maybe too much.If you're not a big thinker (more of a doer) then there are loads of bars and restaurants round here. I'd recommend Loch Fyne, which is a great, locally sourced seafood place set in an old boat house. In fact, I reviewed it on here if you're interested. There's also the Royal Yacht Britannia for the culture cravers (it's really worth a visit actually) and it's just a very pleasant place to be on a sunny afternoon. And remember, it's not being alone, it's being 'with yourself'. It's weird then. Is it?
4	Want to feel like a indy film actor? Need space to clear your head? Have a craving for good food? The Leith Shore is your go to place. Spacious, quaint, quiet and many places to relax or eat. I normally check in the mornings as I get my bus from here. Brilliant sunrises. Also when dusk sets in the lights are amazing. I say: relax and enjoy.
