5	Soto on St.Paul (I think) was our favorite place for sushi when visiting Montreal and were very sad to see it go. Luckily we found out the chef had opened his own place called Juni on Laurier. The menu is missing a few of our past favorite dishes but it still outstanding and is a must if you enjoy sushi. Make a reservation because it is always packed and try the B52 roll that has rice crispies in it. For a drink try the Baldwin Barmacie across the street.
5	I've tried best sushi restaurants in NYC (japonais, morimoto, nobu), Bahamas paradise island nobu, some outstanding places in London and Moscow. Trust me you won't find better sushi place in Montreal than Jun-i. Try their special rolls menu and unfiltered sake. The best.
5	I won't say that this is the best sushi I've ever been to. This title would go to Sushi Ran in Sausalito, CA. I'm also planning on going to Japan soon. I can however honestly say that this is the best sushi restaurant in Montreal by far.... until I find a better one :P. A definite 5 star!The menu is very interesting and the specialty rolls are quite inventive. Most importantly, the fish is very very fresh and tasty. Everything that we ordered was perfect. My favorite was the Salmon Gravlax, the Funny Maki and the Bio Bio salmon sashimi.
5	excellent food, good service. We had a great evening there. The deserts are also divine. We always used to go to the same high end sushi restaurant, unfortunetely for them... they are dethroned by a mile.Juni is not food ... it is art
5	Best sushi in MTL hands down
4	Found Juni on Yelp when I was looking for a sushi restaurant in Montreal.  Montreal isn't known for it's sushi establishments so I was pleased when Juni had so many favourable reviews.Since I was dining solo I decided to sit at the bar and chat with the chef while enjoying his personal selection of fresh fish (omakase).  I had a delightful assortment of sushi and sashimi - the fish was fresh, flavorful and remarkably presented - and the variety was impressive given Montreal's small sushi scene.Juni is not an inexpensive sushi joint so do not expect cheap boxes or pre-made rolls.  Juni is easily one of Montreal's Japanese gems and deserves repeated visits.
5	The sashimi are amazing. Food always fresh. A bit pricy, but so much worth it! Don't forget to ask if there's any fish that are not on the regular menu.
2	I'm a sushi fan and heard this was the best place in the city. If that's the case then Montreal sushi is in trouble. The sashimi appetizer was good but nothing to write home about. The Sushi was average and the maki - which I understood to be their specialty - was over-done - dipper and fried and then poached and seared and sauced (I exaggerate but u get the picture). And it was over priced..Two stars for good service  and nice decor.
5	This is a real sushi place, but to get the authentic experience sit at the sushi bar.  The details are attended to very well at this resto.  For example, the soy sauce is blended with katsuobushi and kombu which softens it nicely.  The wasabi is real wasabi that has been previously frozen, which is much better than the fake neon green wasabi everyone eats in Montreal that is comprised of a little wasabi and a lot of horseradish and comes often in a powder that needs water to reconstitute.  The miso soup was delicious and made with a real fresh dashi-not a chemicalized instant that you sometimes get. Most of the fish was excellent and a lot of it was flown in from Japan.  Especially nice the day we were there was fresh uni from Gaspe.  That was amazing.  The chef is from Kyoto, and has good moves and shapes his sushi quite decently in the edo style.  There are an array of fusion items as well and the restaurant serves Thai food.  The Thai part of the restaurant is run by a Chinese/Thai family member.  It appears to be  "Canadianized" Thai and I have yet to try that component of their food. I am not interested too much in fusion as often the flavoris overwhelm the incredients and the subtleties of those flavors.  So I would not try Indian inspired sushi rolls myself.  Tea was so-so;  not a great quality green tea-but I have not had great tea in any Japanese restaurant aside from one great one in New york that served a very good hojicha and an actual tea ceremony style usucha made with a chasen.
4	Best real sushi in town. Really. Now, Montreal isn't known for its sushi. After all, not that many Japanese folks live here compared to say, Vancouver. So, while JunI hardly faces fierce competition in this town, this place is wonderful on an absolute scale. Not cheap, granted. But when is good sushi ever cheap? Ask the chef for omakase and you won't regret it. Expect to pay on $30 - $40 per person.   Why not five stars? The uniforms are ridiculous. Urchins are not meant to be served by waitstaff in gingham plaid shirts and bow ties.Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
1	The place is highly overrated. The portions are very small, prices very high and not the best place for Sushi in Montreal too. I have had much better sushi and definitely much fresher fish in the city. And, definitely not the place if you have any allergies...My husband developed an allergic reaction in spite of us telling the waiter who took the order that he was allergic to shrimp. The waiter who served and took order are just not coordinated and when I ran to the waiter to say my husband was having an allergic reaction, the waiter told me that he was not told but the waiter taking the order was informed... It was ridiculous! When I later called the owner he shouted at me in turn saying that I didn't know what my husband was allergic to and he didnt care for any review online.The waiters and the Owners definitely dint know their fish.I would say Avoid the place!
4	PROS:  Really enjoyed the sushi here. Sat at the bar and tried the carpaccio, kaiso, sake, iwana, hamachi, ikura, unagi, spicy hotate and spicy cary maki.  All amazing. The seaweed salad was memorable and fresh.  Wish Texas offered a sushi restaurant with this kind of seaweed.   Also amazing was their 1000 crepe stacked dessert.  Wow.  I make crepes at home so this was a labor of love and so good. :) Thank you!
1	Lame. 20m before we had a drink and had to flag someone down to get seated. We went to Park instead...
2	Overpriced, weak service, small portions. We will not go back! There is better sushi in Montreal!
4	I recently ate here for our anniversary and for a night with friends. I have to say, the quality and attention to sushi was top notch! I tried the uni sushi, Salmon sashimi, the sea bass tartar, happy maki and spicy scallop hand roll. Btw the uni was amazing! It was amazing, hats off to the chef. Although the service was ok, and the food good, be aware they don't seem to be organised so you may need to wait to eat. I'm not sure if this is on purpose, but it gets awkward if everyone has a dish and one person has been waiting for over an hour for ebi sushi and salmon sushi.Also note, get reservations! Or for the best spot, eat at the bar and ask the chef to make you anything he feels like for the best experience!
4	Took my 13 year-old sushi-loving daughter here for lunch as a reward for a great report card recently.  Wonderful assortment of imaginative, tasty sushis.  They have a dessert that they are famous for and they cannot remove it from the menu.  I'll leave this surprise for you to discover...but it's mouthwatering.
5	Um...WOW. My friend recommended this place because she said it was probably one of the best Japanese restaurants in town. I'd say, she's right. The sushi was absolutely perfect because the fish was extremely fresh and the amount of rice used was just right. I think a lot of Japanese sushi places tend to make terrible rice, but Juni makes it well. Usually, rice is just as important as the fish. Anyways, it was not too soggy or dry, but it was also the right temperature. I was pretty darn impressed. You can definitely taste the quality. My bf and I ordered a bunch of different sushi and what I remembered the most was the bio salmon, the suzuki, and the scallop. The scallop was silky and tasted amazing! I've never tasted such texture before! I think my only complaint was the slow service in the beginning, but boy was it worth it when we got our food. I forgot about all the slowness and the hangryness once I ate a couple of sushi and makis. I also tasted one of the best desserts in my life. It was a mille crepe....I totally forgot what was in it but holy, holy it was just plain good. It was one of those desserts that aren't overly sweet, but not too bitter either. I still think about this particular dessert today and I still can somewhat remember the taste.  I really recommend any of the sushi (nigiri) and the rainbow maki. I have not tried their a la carte meals, but I will definitely come back to try those. Definitely reserve in advance because walk-ins are rarely doable at this place.
5	Currently, it's my go to  authentic sushi spot in Montreal after nearly two years in Tokyo.The fish is fresh and delicious, and the menu has intriguing local flavors -- their maki are unique and if I remember correctly, I saw a deer tartare on the menu.They do omakase, and I went with the 50$ omakase the first time I went and left full, happy and intending on bringing everyone I know.Their desserts are also awesome. I had the yuzu tart and it was delicious.Highly recommended.
1	Never again! Went for my birthday,  they lost my reservation because you gotta leave a message to make one. Apparently Erik is spelt with a W ???Never will I go back again. Overpriced and overrated. Very small sushi menu, the in house sushi they created is over done,  nothing simple. Weird Sauces, and kills the sushi taste..The waiters are rude and impolite "if you don't like it, just leave" attitude. Waited over 35 minutes for entree. The restaurant is small, it should not take that long to bring a salad.
5	This place is excellent on every level. The food is super fresh and tasty ( and served gradually as opposed to all at once) , service is top top-notch ( server was polite, friendly and knew the menu very well, and the atmosphere is delightful and diverise. I had a great time!
4	What brought us here tonight was a one-time collaboration with chef Nick Hodge from Icehouse.  The $75 "Kyoto vs Austin" menu listed seven courses, with each chef alternating a course.  As big Nick Hodge fans, tonight we got what we came for; a more upscale version of Icehouse spiced up by Junichi's creative, exotic side.
5	B52'... B52's ... b52... B 5 2 %4%$?!!!? ALL THE WAY...This is the signature hand roll for which I can go all day... Salmon or Tuna B52's are a must... Every time I land in Montreal, Juni is my obsession.. One of the best Sushi place I know off, and they even have great other dishes that comes from the Kitchen.I only wish they had other locations such as in Miami or Paris, because this would become hits in an instant...If like me you fall in love with the B's, make sure you sit at the sushi bar so you get them from the Chef' hands directly in your mouth, they will be 10 time crunchier... the crunchiness is key here, and it is what makes it so orgasmic!!!
5	Juni is the best sushi in Montreal. Chef Juni even grows his own shizo leaves. Sit at the bar and let him feed you, Omakase Oneigashimasu!
5	Another fantastic sushi place in Montreal.  Chef Jun is a master and an innovator with sushi. The funny maki is one the tastiest makis I've ever had.
4	Excellent sushis.Japanese authentic. Quality +++Best time to try Juni is for lunch.less expensive to try the seagrass salads :)
4	Super pricey, but who cares. High quality makis and nigiris. I went here for my graduation dinner with my family. Very VERY good sushi. Make sure to get the B52 and Spider Roll. So good I had to order another set of rolls for the next day.
4	The fresh was very fresh and the environment was very nice.  I enjoyed all the food there.  The appetizer and fatty toro were my favorites.
3	A little on the expensive side. Some interesting variations. Service was good and helpful.
