5	Just finished dinner for the first time, they just opened last Tuesday.  I've realized that I've been here before and I realize I've been to one of the doors in Minnesota.  First I gotta say the bread that they serve dinner was absolutely fantastic ; this rosemary bread brought in from Minneapolis.  My mother who is very finicky eater who won't have many creamy sauces had the Parmesan encrusted walleye with French fries & green beans.  I have this fantastic steak with these horseradish mashed potatoes and steamed Spinach.  Had a red sauce kind of like Marsala it was fantastic.  Our waitress Holly was absolutely on cue and perfect.  One of the assistant managers came over and spoke with us and just made a few very welcome and at home.  I highly recommend this place to you and your friends and family; the wine selection beer selection is perfect too.
2	The chicken is good here I will give them that. But this place is quite pricy for the selections. Service is slow & in-attentive. Certainly will not be returning, don't see this one lasting here.
2	We just had to try Doolittles out and unfortunately, were less than impressed.  The decor was awesome, but the food seemed a bit pricey for what was offered.  We both had the chicken and wild rice soup, which was good and the rosemary bread was also good.  I had the chicken alfredo and although the rotisserie chicken that they used was good, I thought the meal fell flat.  Additionally, we were served by Darius who is either a horrible server or for some reason did not like us from the time we were sat.  We waited and waited and waited some more while the restaurant was not busy.  Someone else brought us our food (no spoon with the pasta of course) and never asked us if we needed anything else.  Darius finally came over quite a while later to check on our food.  We actually waited as long as it took us to eat.  I hope if you do try this place, that you get a much better server.  As for us, we probably won't be going back anytime soon.
5	My husband and I were in on sunday for date night. We normally go out for sushi but decided to switch it up a little. We could not be happier with everything! The service was amazing and everyone is very friendly!  My husband got the ribs and chicken with fries and I got the shrimp and crab stuffed tilapia.  Everything was perfectly seasoned and cooked just perfect! I am extremely picky about my fish, the tilapia was cooked evenly and moist. We also enjoyed calamari appetizer which was amazing as well! Granted the prices seem a little high for the location of the restaurant, the bill all in all was not horrible. Will definitely be going back and recommending to family and friends!
3	Cute inside. Music is awful. Drinks and food was so good. We ordered dessert (mudslide pie) and it took forever. When we got it, we realized why, it was still frozen. Pretty disappointing even for $5.50. We couldn't even cut through it. Guess we will get something different next time.
3	I think the ribs were some of the best I've had in town. The meat had texture which is a pleasant change from those places where it "falls off the bone". I'm going back just for the ribs!
4	I am eating my words.  I have done nothing but trash talk this place because of its ill placed location. Well, as it turns out, you do not notice its location.  I had cocktails and an appetizer on the patio and it was quiet.  The patio is well-built and smartly placed that you don't even notice the abundance of cars and people.  The beer selection was decent.  A good variety but not great.  It is mostly all local beers.  The special were amazing.  I went on a Tuesday.  Beer flights (4-5oz. beers) were $2 off, which meant it was only $5!  I also ordered the Artichoke dip.  It was served fresh and HOT!  But it was delicious.  The consistency was so creamy, so there was no skimping on the cheese.  The atmosphere was relaxed and the staff was fantastic.  I can not wait to go back again.
4	Highlights/lowlights1) gluten free friendly2) good food3) outdoor seating AND outdoor barGreat new restaurant on the east side of Madison! I am not entirely sure if this is a chain or not, if so it's a new chain to the area. The interior of the restaurant is clean and modern with a lot of seating, including booths.We ate outside on the patio. The patio has a shaded area, an area in the sun and a comfy area with couches. Sadly, your view is East Towne Mall and Culvers but outside seating is always nice! The food is "grill style" American so there are a lot of hearty salads available, grilled meat entrees and sandwiches. There is a gluten free menu available as well! The g-free menu isn't extensive (they don't offer gluten free bread or pasta or show items that can be made gluten free by substitutions) but it is nice that they call out the items. We both had salads for lunch.  I had the grilled chicken and pear salad (gluten free) and my boyfriend had the southwest salad. Both salads were pretty big, with generous portions of toppings and rotisserie chicken. As far as drinks, they have several beers on tap and some in bottles (including gluten free angry orchard!). It also looked there was a nice wine selection.The only negative here was the service, it was pretty slow considering they weren't that busy on a Sunday. Overall, a nice place to eat on the east side of Madison! Try and go on a nice day when you can eat outside!
3	FOOD: The food was okay, but  nothing special...especially considering the prices. At this price point, I know I could get superior food at another restaurant in Madison.I had the lamb burger. The meat was good, but the burger bun was a soggy mess; I couldn't really eat it like a burger since the bun was falling apart. My sister had the salmon and thought it was okay, but not great. The people in our group who ordered steak or chicken were the happiest with their meals. I would consider going back to try the steak or chicken.DRINKS: The cocktails were a bit too sweet and kind of weak. They have some pretty cool beer and wine options though. You can order a flight of wine, so you get 2 ounces of 3 different wines! They also have a similar option with beer where you can try different kinds.SERVICE: The waiters were charming, seemed very knowledgeable about menu items, and were able to answer questions and describe the food well.ATMOSPHERE: The decor is cool. You can see the woodfire grill that gives the restaurant it's name.  The outdoor area looks really cool. They have comfortable seating and a fire pit! This would be a nice place to meet friends for drinks.Tip:  Complimentary dessert on your birthday.
3	Our party of four totally enjoyed the food and the variety of options and desserts, but something MUST be done with the first people you meet the Hostesses, we made reservations for four of us  a week ahead, when we arrived it seems we were annoying the (4)nHostesses who were involved with their own conversation, then wanted to seat us at a High Top table at the bar, when clearly there were many booths and standard tables available, when we told them we reserved a table/booth they gave us snarky looks and spoke among themselves "unhappy" Finally gentleman arrived and sat us in a very nice booth, and we enjoyed everything after that.But if your first impression is the "SNARKY" uninterested  Hostesses you need to improve this situation!Anyway thanks for the wonderful food! Alex
4	Dinner at DooLittle's Restaurant was a good experience.  Doolittle's had excellent food,  a great atmosphere, and decent prices.  The presentation of appetizers and meals, and the flavor of their food, was outstanding for our dinner.   The outdoor patio and bar are nice.
4	We very much enjoyed our meal last night and will definitely go back. We had two appetizers, the tenderloin skewers which were a perfect medium-accompanied by very thin and crispy fried onion threads and two dipping sauces- and beautifully presented buffalo wings with bleu cheese dressing. The wings did not come with celery sticks, but when I requested them, they were delivered to our table. A particularly nice touch were the warm, moist terry cloth hand towels. So much better than the wet paper version in a foil packet.  We shared the roasted beet salad with  rotisserie chicken, cranberries, and candied walnuts.  It was a very generous portion and we wound up taking more than half of it home, along with two of the six wings.  A small glitch that occurred was handled quickly and professionally- our server dropped a full tray with our food right next to our table. Broken plates, spilled food, lots of noise, big mess, BUT a replacement order and immediate apologies from the manager arrived very promptly. Doolittle's and their varied menu is a good addition to Madison.
4	Yum! We went during an off time.  Love!  Especially the wood smoke smell from the rotisserie!  Awesome
2	Decor and atmosphere really good. Actually a bit upscale for its Eastowne Mall location. Food was good, but not inexpensive. See photo. Ordered ribs and the walleye. Walleye  was tasty and prepared well. Was it worth $20. No, more in the area of $12-14. Service was avg.  Free wi-fi. Too early to tell how this place will fare with lower cost alternatives within earshot.
3	Doolittle's Woodfire Grill is overpriced, but tasty. It's location, near East Towne Mall, is a little peculiar given the high prices.I had the Rotisserie Chicken Sandwich ($10.75) which was delicious. I ordered a side of mashed potatoes, which were also very good. My companions were mostly pleased with their meals, which included the French Dip, Applewood Bacon and Smoked Cheddar Burger and Walleye Fingers. The burger was average, but I was told the Walleye Fingers and French Dip were quite good. One of us ordered the Chopped Thai Salad, and was underwhelmed. Some of the promised ingredients were either missing or barely there. If you list cilantro and pineapple as ingredients, make sure it's on the plate! At $11.50, a salad should be absolutely perfect.Our server's name was Carrie, and she was fantastic. Drinks were promptly refilled and she was very sweet and accommodating. Our food came out relatively fast, and there were no mishaps at all.The interior is spacious and modern, and there is a large outside patio area. The patio even has it's own bar, which is unique for Madison. I like that the patio wraps around the building, providing both sunny and shaded seating options.Overall, it was a good experience. But given that it's a chain and the prices are so high, it's hard to recommend. I guess if you are looking for something new, you can't go wrong, especially on the far east side and its plethora of chain restaurants.
4	This was pretty good! I went tonight, and was shocked at how much seating there was. A beautiful restaurant and a great patio. We ordered the sangria and a beer. My hubby appreciated the great local beer choices. The sangria was really good. They brought bread, and it was really nice. We ordered a mediterainian starter, which was a flatbread type pizza. It wasn't too big, and it was really yummy! We then sharedq  the bbq rotisserie chicken. This was good, but not quite fantastic. We have had Bonfire's bbq rotisserie chicken, and that one wins. We ordered a side of garlic mashed potatoes. TONS of butter, like a pool on the bottom. They were good, salty, garlicy, buttery, and chunky. If you like that, you will love these. Our general thought was we would definitely come back to sit on the patio, have a drink and the starter again.
5	First visit to Doolittles Woodfire Grill. Enjoyed it immensely. Our waiter was attentive and patient as we previewed the menu. First we tried the Walleye Fingers - parmesan crusted - these were fantastic. She tried the Arctic Char with jasmine rice - spectacular. I tried the Smokehouse Ribs - again, fantastic - perfectly smoked pink, delicious flavor and excellent texture. We were very impressed with our service and the quality and presentation of our food. We'll definitely be back. If you are in the neighborhood or passing through Madison - Doolittles Woodfire Grill will be a welcome spot - give them a try, we loved it.
4	Doolittles is a great franchise. While the food was great, the service not so much. Which would not have been so bad had I not lived in Fargo for a short time and visited the location there 30+ times within a nine month stretch.Will revisit the location again and hopefully have a better experience to share
2	Our first time here after hearing it is overpriced but good. My husband had applewood bacon and cheddar burger which he declared was delicious. I had the crab stuffed tilapia but my meal fell way short of delious. I can cook a much more flavorful fish and the stuffing was almost nonexistent. On the other hand the blueberry mojito was wonderful and the chicken and wild rice soup was satisfying. My husbands only complaint were the abundance of flys landing on him during the meal. I am sad to say I am giving 2 stars and will not be coming back.
4	So I came to Dolittle's for dinner and drinks this time. I was a little annoyed that I had to ask where to sit to take advantage of happy hour. I get you don't want to post this but it's also not my job to make sure my needs are met. There must be a way to inform your customers.My service was great but the server didn't seem very knowledgeable about the menu. When I asked him about the mashed potatoes, he had no words. And then I asked about the fries. The explanation big given: delicious, well seasoned. So I got the fries. Big mistake, huge. They were not even hot and kind of bland.Fortunately the French dip sandwich was amazing. It had good flavor without being too salty. The bread was soft but didn't break apart when dipped in the au jus. It's difficult to find a decent au jus and this place delivered. It was not salty and added a nice flavor.My cocktail was good. It was the Kinky Mango Sangria. It had great flavor but the large chunks of fruit were not soft. So they were a little awkward to move around when I got to the end of my drink. I also wanted to eat them since most of the booze soaks into them.I want to give this place a five but I was a little disappointed in the fries and service. So it lost a star. Still a great place.
3	We were at Doolittle's for their "mock grand opening" (similar to the "stress test" on Bar Rescue), we were invited by a friend that is an employee. The food was amazing. We had to order from different parts of the menu because of the training being done that night, which turned out good since we got to try a couple of different things. She had chicken and I had steak, both were delicious. We also had a quesadilla for an appetizer and the coffee dessert, which were both also amazing. The only complaint we had that night was the slow drink service. We ordered a glass of wine when our entrees came, and didn't get it until after we were eating our dessert. We thought maybe it was just because of the busy schedule that night, but I've heard from many people that have been there since then that drink service is still very slow. Prices are a little high, but the food was good enough to make up for it. Better drink service would be the only improvement needed.
1	What happened!? :( I came here with my mom about a week after they opened and the food was fresh and yummy and the service was amazing!! Not sure what her name was but she was friendly and we had some great convo with her. Since our first visit went so well we decided to come here again for my 21st birthday. Our waiter Jonathan (spanish guy) was terrible; he didn't have a warm personality, he barely spoke to us.. no small talk or anything. He didn't get us any water. When he brought out the food he dropped it and left without a word. I wanted barbecue sauce and my mom wanted water. I ended up asking the bartender for it since Jonathan went m.i.a.. He didn't ask us if everything tasted good or if we needed anything.  I've never had a waiter that bad before. He ruined my birthday lunch!P.S.  When I had the ribs my first visit, they were hot and fresh; this visit we could tell they had been made before hand... like WAY before hand and my mom's mashed potatoes were extremely dry. I guess since there settled in they don't think they have to work as hard?..
4	Came for lunch during work, and we were in and out in under an hour. Service was good and the atmosphere was nice. All of us had salads, I went with the Cobb. The chicken was delicious and there was lots of it. The bread & butter at the table was also a nice touch. What could have been better? They used a mountain of iceburg/romaine lettuce in the salad, some of which was brown. And, the tomatoes had to have been flown in from somewhere in South America because they were flavorless. In Wisconsin during the summer, that's unacceptable. I know, not all restaurants use fresh, local produce, but around here it's not that uncommon. We'll come back and next time I'll probably stick to the chicken.
2	Went there soon after they opened and was pretty disappointed with the food as well as the service. The chicken was very moist and would have been great if it would not have been so salty. My friend ordered a pasta dish and we both find it to be very bland. The worst part of the experience was was the service our waitress knew some of the other diners and paid little to no attention to us all night long. She attempted to explain this by saying it was busy and she was swamped however she had plenty of time to chat with her friends dining there that night. I work in the industry and would have given her a break for being new and very busy but ignoring my table to chat with your friends is inexcusable.
5	Relaxing decor with wide-plank floors, cushy booths and plenty of space. My food was delicious. The fries are spiced with Old Bay, and I highly recommend the pork with mango chutney sandwich. Other menu items include flatbreads, ham/salmon/lamb burgers and salads. I hope this place sticks around the East side!One gripe: really, beers (tap or bottles) listed on any menu at the table? You offer a beer flight and don't say what you have on-tap?
3	I have to say that I have been to Dolittles several times since they opened.I have enjoyed the wood fire grilled rotisserie chicken sandwich. I have enjoyed it, always ask for the sauce off and the service has been good. Tonight, we decided on take out for supper-it was early because we had skipped lunch. So we ordered at 4:30 and picked it up 20 minutes later. Again the chicken sandwhich was juicy, flavorful and done right. My husband had the pork loin sandwich. he also said that was good.The problem-I ordered mashed potatoes and receive d fries. Dries that were limp, and pretty tasteless. Bummer, because that often happens when you have carry out , which is why I ordered Mashed! Oh well, overall, ok. They need a little variety in the menu, otherwise, the location and interior are good.
2	I'm not a fan of chain restaurants, but didn't have a choice in the matter this time.  I went online to read their menu and saw that this place is pretty expensive for what it is.  Entrees DO NOT include salad or soup.  The waitress will offer it, but know that each costs $5.00 extra.  The navy bean soup was bland.  No ham.  Needed something.  Wasn't served with crackers.  Just a small bowl on a big plate.  It took forever for the food to arrive and the place wasn't that busy.  It was a weeknight.  No waiting.  Tables open nearby.Ordered the Southwest Chicken Salad for $11.50!  It had a little bit of BBQ flavored chicken on it and the dressing was sweet.  Wouldn't a Southwest salad have a little kick?  Not to my liking at all.  And not worth the price!  My husband had the $11.00 Gaucho burger with guacamole that the waitress raved about. The bun had a skimpy smear of guacamole and the bun arrived really soggy.  No lettuce, no tomato, no garnish, no pickle.  Just the soggy burger and cold fries, which she did replace for us.  One of our group ordered salmon.  $17.95.  Again, no SOUP OR SALAD INCLUDED.  The salmon was good, but there were maybe 5 tiny shriveled potatoes on the plate under the salmon.  The asparagus, though skimpy, was tasty.  The waitress was very good.  The manager stopped by and we pointed out the issue with the fries being cold and the burger being soggy.  He said it was the 3rd complaint he's had with the soggy burgers.  Well, don't you think you should fix the problem?  Unreal!  Very noisy place.  Hard to hold a conversation.  Next time, we're in Madison, it's back to State Street for some great food!
4	Went here for dinner service was really good. I was not that impressed with the bread it was good not great but I had the walleye fingers which were Awesome and my hanger steaks was two thumbs up
4	Based on our first visit today I have a very positive impression.   We sat at the outside bar during the Packer/Chicago game and enjoyed ourselves (not just because Green Bay won).   My wife had the fish tacos and really liked them.   I had the tuna melt and it was exceptional.   Beer menu is good...not great...but I could find something interesting to drink.   Service was attentive and responsive.   We will definitely be back to try their wood fired options.
4	The Sirloin and Ravioli was fabulous.  Just the right amount of protein and pasta.  The Sirloin was marinaded in a wine sauce so it really gave the beef a hearty taste.  The portobello and spinach ravioli was fabulous.  I really thought it wasn't too heavy.
1	What a joke! Sysco food at $20 a plate, wait staff that are trained to be corporate jukeboxes, and greasy managers trying to get the last penny out of your pocket. We are not the complaining type and have kids who wait tables, but after there was a small mistake our meal was interrupted not once, but five different times by a short Asian manager who should have been working in a call center, not a restaurant. It was the most annoying thing I have even been forced to be a part of, him trying to degrade the server as much as possible, and then for the icing on the cake he brought out a desert for "free" which I accepted. This is a standard practice, but when the waiter came with the bill it had the desert on it and I kid you not, $1 taken off a rather large bill. I didn't even say anything, this was too much and I didn't want to see the manager for a sixth time, he would have told me it was the waiters fault. I don't want to be interrupted five times in my meal by a manager asking me repetitively in an indirect way for reasons the server messed up, when it was really him messing up my meal. The original mistake was minimal, and it was this call center attitude that really pissed me off, enough to come on here and rant. I don't think a comment card justifies my experience there, and I should warn others about this place. Go to one of their neighbors, at least you know that your getting chain restaurant food, but wont have to deal with the garbage at this place. I have had better food and service at a buffet. AVOID, AVOID, AVOID!!!
3	For an East side restaurant it is actually pretty good.  My wife had a wonderful French dip sandwich, but they forgot she ordered mashed potatoes and sent out fries.  They quickly fixed the error and were very nice.  My smoked hanger steak was good but not spectacular.  The prices are very good, but the wine list is filled with unimpressive wines.  The hostess was also not very welcoming when we arrived.  Worth a try if you are on the east side, but Bonfyre is a much better option.
4	I went in for Thursday Happy Hour with co-workers - first time there. Great experience! We were seated at a round table - perfect for 5 - in a back room that was intimate and warm with a roaring fireplace.  The calamari was delicious, and the artichoke dip some of the best I have ever had. I couldn't stop eating the bread provided with the appetizers. With only 1 exception, we all got wine flights, which were the happy hour special that night. What a great way to try three wines and still be able to legally drive ;)! Try the "Interesting whites" - a little on the sweet side, but interesting indeed.  This may be my new go-to spot for after work!
3	Even the Lunch menu was pricey. Mac and cheese was not good, also mashed potatoes were very dry. Chicken sandwich was good. They did not refilled our drinks.
5	Great atmosphere and good value pricing!  Our new favorite on the East side of Madison. Decent wine selection at below average inflated pricing. You should try it!
3	Very average food, and very bland tasting. When you have wildfire grill in your name as a restaurant, I would think you would offer more than 5-7 items that are made in the woodfire grill. I had the rib/chicken combo, very tasty chicken, very bland ribs. The fries has seasoning salt in them, but could not taste it. The coleslaw was good, probably one of the best restaurant coleslaws I have had in a while. The music was to loud for the number of people in the restaurant, but not to loud that it was distracting. And all the mucus playing sounded like bad 80's end of the movie credit music, very generic stuff. The staff was friendly, but very fast to come and go from the table, not really seeing if there was anything you needed, much less see if you had any questions. Dickey's BBQ, about a half mile or so away, has better tasting food.  I would give this place a 2 1/2 star rating if I could. It gets a the extra 1/2 star for cleanliness.
2	Some high highs and low lows.Bottom line: earnest and trying, quick to make up for mistakes. One of the most important things they get right is cleanliness. After a few visits, the worst I've seen is a few crumbs on my seat before I sit down. That's about as close to perfection you can hope for in the 53704 zip code area where practically every other restaurant is often filthy. At Doolittle's, while watching all staff closely, I see lots of good practices regarding hygiene. Takumi sushi restaurant nearby is probably the cleanest, best, most reliable restaurant for miles and miles.Back at Doolittle's the menu and food hold a lot of promise, but sometimes fails to deliver. The kitchen needs a lot of help. On my last visit, major fail from the head chef.The worst offense was sending out a scary excuse for what was supposed to be seared tuna, part of an oddly named dish called, "Asian Pickled Tacos." Who wants a pickled taco? I guess putting pea size nuggets of unseasoned, overcooked tuna on a taco shaped wonton with pickled radish is somehow asian. I have no idea where they're going with that, lol.The fish I was served should NOT have left the kitchen on a plate; it should have left the kitchen 3 days prior, in the packaging it was delivered in, out to the dumpster. The smell and taste indicate it was far, far past freshness. It looked like it was "seared" in a bowl of water in a microwave for about ten minutes. If you don't have fresh fish available, you can't cook the bejeezus out of it to kill the microbes, you have to take it off the menu. This is why I think the head chef needs to be taken to the woodshed. That product should NOT have been on the inside of the building.I've been eating sushi for almost 30 years, so I know seafood. I can purchase and prepare seared/rare fish in my home and feel safe feeding it to my 2 year old. The tuna on my plate at Doolittle's would have been passed over by an alley cat. It's a good thing the wonton taco shells and the pickled radish are amazingly delicious. People rave about the chicken but when my wife ordered it, it was nothing special. Bland, not dry but very average and far from what you'd expect from from rotisserie.I'm pretty sure my pork loin had pink food coloring painted on to make it more visually appealing. I know the difference between pork that's done medium rare, with a little pink, and pork that's well done so that there is no pink. I was tasting the latter. Still decent, not way overdone, and juicy enough. The pork loin is cut across the grain into little discs. In the middle of the disc, only on the side facing up, is a pink circle. Flip the patty over, and it's all gray no pink. Cut through it, no pink. And every slice the same, with the little spot of pink. Hokey as heck. Nothing that's harmful or affecting the flavor in any way, just hokey as heck.One of the best menu items is the appetizer, tenderloin skewers. It's one of the things that lives up to the promise of a wood fired grill. It's a generous portion of good quality beef; smoky crust on the outside and medium rare on the inside, just the way you want it. Be ready to add a little salt, but that's fine. The fried onion underneath it is crispy, delicious, not overly oily, I can easily clean the plate.Regarding food allergies/sensitivities, huge room for improvement. That goes for the restaurant on the whole from the top corporate level down to the servers. There doesn't seem to be any sort of system in place. If there is, host and wait staff haven't been informed about it. It's incumbent upon the guest to ask about each and every minute menu item individually.Most corporate restaurants have a clearly defined practice to address food allergies; i.e., the server will inform the chef one time and then all responsibility is handed off to the chef; or, the server will be the one responsible for having, getting and giving all the information a guest needs to make an informed decision; in some places, host staff will ask when reserving or seating if there are any food allergy issues, then passes the information along to whomever needs to know.At Doolittle's, the guest needs to ask about every particular item and might have the server respond "I'm not sure" and walk away. In fairness, most times but not all they will check and inform you. But sadly, yes, sometimes you have to look them in the eye and say, "Can you please find out?"Once I told them of a specific ingredient I needed to avoid, and asked specifically about menu item "A"; then later, with a different dish, the offending ingredient was served to me in menu item "B", which I did not specifically ask about, but I had informed them about my allergy when I asked about "A". It's as if you need to ask about every single thing that's on the menu, one by one. Cumbersome.The minority ethnicity bussing staff is busy, dilligent. Cute, young, white girl hostesses may be busy chatting or playing with her smartphone. Par.
1	Thursday,18 2014 went dinner by myself sitting at the bar and I order 2 glass wine and calamari apt and chiken Cajun pasta the bartender cost me $54.64 for no reason he stole my money so you guys better think about that
