4	This is my regular Petsmart - for now. In about 2 years one will be built near my house, but until then my cats needs will be taken care of primarily through this location.  I've visited several others that either seemed dirty and not customer friendly, or almost completely focused on dog stuff when compared to the cat department.  I'm not saying my kitty needs outfits or anything, but let's admit they like to play with more things than catnip, fabric mice and cardboard scratchy things, shall we?  Anyhow, it's a great location to either buy more for your current pet or pick up a new buddy in one of their many pets fairs.
4	If you're a pet person, chances are, you've been to Petsmart more times than you can count... with so many locations, I'm not sure it really matters which one you go to, but this one has been good to me over the past year and a half.  Minnie's had her fair share of grooming appointments at this location, simply because I can usually call and get a same-day appointment.  For whatever reason, the other locations seem to be full ahead of time.  This one is also easy to get in and out pretty quickly, parking is never a problem, and the staff is friendly.Just like any good Petsmart, they carry anything and everything you can imagine for your 'kid.'  I fill up on food (wet and dry) and usually get some treats and toys for Minnie during my visits.  Minnie and I will be moving soon and the big question becomes... 'which Petsmart will become our new fave?'  Time will tell... luckily, we have a lot to choose from!
4	I've taken my two labs (one full grown and one about 6 months) to Petco at 44th and Thomas multiple times, always to be disappointed.  The prices there are a bargain, but I've never really been satisfied.  I expected to have a similar experience at Petsmart, but before I took them to some fancy grooming salon, I figured I've get Petsmart a shot.At Petsmart, I called at 8am and was able to bring my dogs in right away.  They seemed pretty knowledgeable, which I was pleased with because some people don't understand that even though they are labs and have short hair, I still want them clipped.  Its over 100 degree here still in September, I think they appreciate the haircuts.  At $46 each, even for the 6 month pup, it wasn't super cheap, but they had them done in about 4 hours and they both looked great.  No jaggedy marks in their fur from the clippers and they blended the hair on the tail and the head well.  They also cut their nails pretty short, which I like.  I prefer to be able to tell when they've been cut.No complaints here, I will be taking my dogs back to Petsmart for their next beauty appointment.
5	Dexter just graduated from puppy school today.  We've been going for 8 weeks and Lauren, the trainer, was awesome!  Even when Dexter piddled, she didn't get pissed.  Of course, he was the most adorable puppy in class...Ok, most of the time he was the ONLY one in class, but, still...The first few weeks, we were given bags of treats to take home and use for homework.  Yes, homework.  After each class, I was given a hand-out of that week's class to use at home.The class cost $109 for 8 weeks and was sooooo worth it!  Not only do I have THE most adorable puppy in the entire universe, but he's also the smartest.  He's a store favorite.  All the employees learned his name!  Of course, he's a lot like Mommy and went up to anyone looking for some lovin'.  Er...*I* don't do that, but you know what I mean.I've heard about other PetSmart's training classes.  This one didn't live up to the horror stories!He'll be going for intermediate classes in the fall.  I guess that's like Middle School.  For dogs.
4	The Employees were very cheerful and up beat... but not in that annoying cavity in your tooth sweet.... the store is very clean and organized... The dog toys are always having some kind of sale :) which makes my little ones very happy :) and it has a benefield (vet) inside... i had to take my pups their once or twice... the vets are very kind, knowledgeable and patient! and the pricing for care isn't half bad. I would recommend this location! :)
5	Absolutely some of the best customer service I have ever received.I recently purchased a fish tank and needed my second wave of set up materials (equipment, chemicals, etc.). Ashley (sales associate) in the fish department was amazingly helpful. She worked with me to get everything I needed. She explained how to use things and educated me further on tank care.On top of that, she helped me find a dog product I was looking for.I have a choice between a few PetSmarts but I will be returning to this one for all of my fish needs!
4	You only know how good a service is when things go wrong. I am terrified of using dog groomers to cut those annoying little toenails - walking wounded have staggered out of these places so often I sometimes wonder if I'll be charged with animal abuse as their owner. The opposite is true here. We've got an extremely persnickety faux min pin whose nails could have been done by a pedicurist to the stars! And caring? Let me tell ya - I was forced to wait 5 whole minutes to pick up my darling today because a groomer was on the phone with a dog owner, holding a towel-enwrapped shivering little dust mote of a dog maternally to her breast while patiently explaining that the owner's precious freaked out, couldn't be blow-dried and freaked even worse at going into the kennel. So the groomer was ordered to stop all work, charge the owner only for a bath, convince the owner to pick her dog up, and personally hold the dog until the owner arrived. I now know just how exemplary this grooming station is. I heartily recommend it to every dog owner in this city.
3	While I most often go to the PetSmart in the complex of shops off Highland/Camelback and 20th St, occasionally I stop in here.  Mostly out of conveninece when I come to the Wal Mart, located in the same block of stores, then I will get my cat food here at this location. But I only get to Wal Mart about once every 2 months.   This location is just as clean and the staff just as friendly as other locations I have been to in the area.  They do have have a pet hospital and offer grooming services.  Not all PetSmart Nothin' special, but nothin' to complain about either.
4	Always take my pets here they seem to love it. Love the fact that they alway great me and my dogs as we come in makes me feel welcome.
5	This was my first time renting a carpet shampooed from here and I will never rent from anywhere else again. Their shampooer was more efficient, easier to use, and more effective at removing pet stains. Additionally, I think it was cheaper to rent here than at other places (hardware stores and grocery chains).
1	DO NOT TAKE YOUR DOG HERE unless you want him to come back cut up and bleeding.  I brought my shih-tzu here to be groomed by Sylvia and when I picked my dog up he was shaking and visibly upset.  When we got home, he wouldn't walk, run, play, or even go to the bathroom or eat and drink.  My dog is two years old, this is very out of character for him.  I knew something was wrong with his back leg because he wouldn't put weight on it, and upon closer inspection I noticed that the entire inside of his leg had been cut up by the clippers.  His skin was raw and bleeding, and there were other spots on his back that looked the same.  I immediately called Petsmart and they told me to come back and they would reimburse me.  I returned the next day and asked that they have their vet check him out as well, because the situation had not improved over night.  They agreed to refund me and have the Banfield vets look at him.  I ran home to get my dog, and brought him back.  When I arrived, I was told I would be next in line, right after the dog in front of me because he was an emergency.  Ok, not a problem.  Then another dog was seen and helped, then another dog, so I finally went up and asked how long I could anticipate to sit there waiting on a Sunday afternoon.  The woman couldn't give me an estimate and told me I would have to wait until all of the appointments were seen first.  I, once again, asked to speak with the manager, who does nothing for managing situations whatsoever, and he told me that because they are a separate business, they couldn't do anything about the wait.  Needless to say, I left.  For $56 + $10 in tip, I can find a groomer who will treat my dog correctly and humanely, and I will not have to worry about them coming home injured.  I will never return to Petsmart for grooming, nor will I set foot in this Petsmart for anything again.  There are quite a few other pet stores and groomers in the area and I'm sure their level of service will exceed Petsmart's lack in customer service tenfold.
1	DO NOT TAKE YOUR DOG HERE to be groomed unless you want him to come back cut up and bleeding.  I brought my shih-tzu here to be groomed by Sylvia and when I picked my dog up he was shaking and visibly upset.  When we got home, he wouldn't walk, run, play, or even go to the bathroom or eat and drink.  My dog is two years old, this is very out of character for him.  I knew something was wrong with his back leg because he wouldn't put weight on it, and upon closer inspection I noticed that the entire inside of his leg had been cut up by the clippers.  His skin was raw and bleeding, and there were other spots on his back that looked the same.  I immediately called Petsmart and they told me to come back and they would reimburse me.  I returned the next day and asked that they have their vet check him out as well, because the situation had not improved over night.  They agreed to refund me and have the Banfield vets look at him.  I ran home to get my dog, and brought him back.  When I arrived, I was told I would be next in line, right after the dog in front of me because he was an emergency.  Ok, not a problem.  Then another dog was seen and helped, then another dog, so I finally went up and asked how long I could anticipate to sit there waiting on a Sunday afternoon.  The woman couldn't give me an estimate and told me I would have to wait until all of the appointments were seen first.  I, once again, asked to speak with the manager, who does nothing for managing situations whatsoever, and he told me that because they are a separate business, they couldn't do anything about the wait.  Needless to say, I left.  For $56 + $10 in tip, I can find a groomer who will treat my dog correctly and humanely, and I will not have to worry about them coming home injured.  I will never return to Petsmart for grooming, nor will I set foot in this Petsmart for anything again.  There are quite a few other pet stores and groomers in the area and I'm sure their level of service will exceed Petsmart's lack in customer service tenfold.
4	I know this location is supposed to be in the poorer side of town but it's still a good store. I like all of the Petsmarts I go to as most of them have really helpful employees. This one looks just like the others and is well kept/stocked. When I visited this one for the first time I was looking at the little critters and a really helpful employee let me see one of the Russians even though they were partially put away. She took her time with me so that the little girl was calm and ready to be held. She answered all my questions and I ended up buying the Russian; she was a great pet. I'm glad the girl took her time to assist me patiently even with just a half hour to go before closing.
3	The staff here wasn't as friendly as most locations I have been to. It also wasn't as clean and tidy as I'd like. Otherwise, it was about the same as the other locations I have visited.
5	Staff is always friendly. I love everyone in the grooming salon! I'm always made to feel welcome and I find all the products I'm looking for.
3	It's Petsmart. Exactly what you would expect.Prices are okay...cheaper online by a few dollars.Wonderful return policy.Nice employees, always friendly, always smiling.The clinic takes FOREVER so be prepared to wait! Bring a book or iPhone or iPad. Or play with your pet.
4	I attended dog training with my puppy here with Ashley. Ashley was great, very knowledgeable, and taught us many helpful things to train our dog. The staff here are all friendly and helpful. I would recommend the training classes to anyone.
5	I have to give 5 stars to the Banfield Animal Hospital at this location. Had a little emergency a couple hours ago- my dogs anal gland had swollen and ruptured in less than 24 hours....they were able to squeeze me in and take great care of her. This location is one of the few open on Sunday's (again, this review is for the hospital, not the actual retail store of PetsMart), so I was glad they could help me on such short notice as they did seem to be pretty busy. Prices were reasonable and the vet techs and vet were all friendly and helpful. Thanks for a great experience
5	Although pricey...they do an awesome job and you get what you pay for! I've looked into cheaper grooming and the positive reviews compared to negative were not worth me taking my dogs elsewhere!!! Thank you pet smart!!! You guys rock!!!!
