4	As far as Discount Tires go, this location has been worth the drive for me.  There are a number of locations in the valley, but this one consistently has had good management, and important for me - knowledgeable employee's.  They were very helpful when I needed to purchase new wheels and tires and helped me find wheels that looked very good on my vehicle.
5	Tony has hit the nail on the head, no pun intended. I've dealt with these people for years and have been more than happy. Belive it or not they once recomended a less expensive tire that would fit my needs better than the tire I thought  I needed
5	I am soo impressed with the level of customer service at this store. I went in today because I had a slow leak in one of my tires. They not only patched the leak for me, but also took the time to reset all of the tire sensors (that the last tire place screwed up) to the correct tire. I was so impressed with how fast and friendly everyone was. Best of all it was FREE! I will never go anywhere else again.
5	As far as tire shops go this is a great set up. they get you in right away and are friendly and professional service. I got a pretty good deal as well. Although  I was a little disappointed when I did not see a little old lady tossing a tire through the window. =(
5	This place was awesome! Great customer service, quick and professional. I had a screw in my tire and they fixed it for free. No charge, and they aired the other 3 up! Given that I had to drive back to LA that afternoon, they were the lifesavers by helping me so quickly. Love em~ I guess great service still exists. And this would never happen in CA!!!!!
5	As usual great team, prices and service!!!!!!
5	Stopped in for a wobbly tire, Discount Tire is replacing it under warranty. Nice courteous knowledgeable staff.....They aired up the other three tires to the right psi for the vehicle, and inspected them as well. In and out in under 40 minutes, with lots of people moving through just as quickly.
5	Never having dealt with a Discount Tire in Phoenix before (only in Texas, and their service has been great all the time), I came in not knowing what kind of service to expect. I was pleasantly surprised! The store had a good amount of parking, and the store front was clean, open and had adequate seating around the perimeters. There were already 5-6 people sitting and waiting for their cars to be finished, and 2 people waiting infront of me to see a representative. All the guys working there were busy helping someone, yet were saying hello to us and reassuring they'd get to us very soon. I didn't wait an unneccesary amount of time and then was helped by Wally. He inspected my tires, recommended a plan of action gave me options, and we headed back into the store. After I made my decision to replace 2 of the tires, he checked their stock, and unfortunately they didn't have them there. BUT he called another store and had them picked up for the next morning, so I could just come back the next day to this same store and get those bad boys installed. Great! The prices were not as heafty (relief), and although there were a good amount of people the next day waiting for their cars to also be serviced, it took exactly the amount of time they'd told me (45 min). They apologized for the wait, but no need for that! The guy who helped me on the 2nd day (I'm sorry I forgot his name) was also very professional and great. I recommend this store and will be bringing my car here in the future most definitely. Thanks, guys!TIP: If you know you need to bring your car in, you can make an appointment with them online. They take walk-ins, but I believe it helps them manage their customers easier, and that in turn benefits you.
5	I went through a bad luck streak with tires and the guys at this location always made my experience a painless one. They are quick and do great work work at fair prices. Once I had a warranty issue and without question that had me back on the road in minutes. Good guys I hope to only see every once in a while! :)
5	I can't express how happy I am with the service I received at this Discount Tire today.  We just needed a simple repair on a tire that was loosing pressure.  We had purchased the tires from Discount and knew there would be no charge for the repair.  Even though this was going to be a free repair, the customer service I received was beyond impressive.  The first gentleman that helped me was so helpful and friendly. When I picked up my tire about an hour later, again the friendly staff blew me away.  The nice gentleman, I believe his name was Cody, was so considerate and was very careful not to wake our sleeping baby in the car.  I hadn't even mentioned she was sleeping!  He noticed her in the backseat and metioned he would do his best not to wake her as he put the tire in for me.  When we need a new set of tires, we will not hesitate to return.  Knowing we received this level of service on a FREE repair, I am very comfortable making a large puchase with them!
5	I always go to amigo tire  to get my tire done when I had flat tire .I lived so close by discount tire but never knew it.I went to this place today get my tire replace.I am very satisfied with their service.the gentleman  named  Steve helped me.he was very  friendly. actually not only him every body in store  are all  nice at this place.I did balance today,the balance they did was wonderful my car is not shaking as before. I would definitely  go back again. thanks discount tire!
5	As advertised, I was able to have my tire repaired for free. My tires are fairly new (8 months old) and they didn't try to convince me to replace the bad one. I did get my tires rotated, and the price was reasonable.Despite being very busy, they finished my car in about an hour.
5	They are always so helpful. I took my car to the dealership and they took 3 hours to tell me what was wrong with my tire not to mention they were going to charge me to patch it up. I left there and raced down to Discount Tire Co. And they were so helpful right away! I've bought all four tires for my first car here and also for my newest car! I won't go anywhere else.
5	I purchased my tires here a couple years ago. I have had a couple of tires fixed for free due to nails in my tires. Today they are checking my tires before a short road trip for free and professionally!!  Discount tires has excellent service!
5	This is probably the fifth time I have taken one of my cars here and they are awesome! If they can fix a tire they will. If you don't need new tires, they wont try to sell you some. If they don't have what you want in stock, they will get them. I have been to other discount tires and not had the same service and experience which is why I wanted to take a second to let people know that this one rocks!
5	I left a dealership service department with a recommendation to get my tire patched.  I called Giovanni at Discount Tire at 5:59PM when they closed at 6:00PM.  He did not hesitate in telling me to come anyway and that they would take care of me.  They unlocked the shop to let me in, fixed my tire for FREE, and made sure my tires were safe for travel.  It was nice to see such kindness and genuine care for customers.  I will drive across town when I need tires, because they went out of their way to take care of me and build a positive relationship.  I am so grateful!
5	I had received a flat tire yesterday and went to Costcos tire center at first because I had been there before. He told me they didn't have my tire in stock but to go to a discount tire and printed me a quote so they could match that price. They had said $175 for one tire. I knew that 3 of my tires would need replacing as well considering they are old. When I arrived here he agreed that I would need 3 and asked me if I had a price range I wanted to stick in, me being in sales appreciated that because it didn't make me feel pressured or being up sold. I gave him the quote from Costco and immediately said I will give you a better deal then that. Needless to say I only paid $219 for 3 tires! Awesome service and it took less than 30 minutes. I now know where I will be coming in the future for my tires!
