5	Located in downtown Glendale in an old little house Shelley really knows how to make some delicous treats.  It's a very small store, but neatly decorated and has several dessert choices to choose from.  I recommend checking out this place if in the area.I've had the chance to come here twice since the opening which I believe was sometime in early January of this year.  Each time I got a lemon bar and thoroughly enjoyed every bite.  Made from scratch with freshly squeezed lemons they are simply great.  Never had one better before coming here, no joke!I'll be back and hope others come check out the desserts that Shelley has to offer.
5	Oh My, Tasty. I walked in trying to find a family owned candy shop that was there years before and what a surprise. I was greeted with the smell of baking from scratch french bread and a gorgeous array of desserts. The Lemon bars are to die for, as are the very rich brownies. The buttermilk pie is fab, and so is the almond bar I tried. I waited for the french bread, and should have taken the offer for her to cut a piece off before I drove home with it. It smelled so good, I picked at it the entire way home. The woman (who I assume was Shelley) was polite and was a total sweetheart as another customer came in and babbled on about her medical history for the last 2 years barely pausing to take a breath. *sigh* Go Shelley's patience! I definitely recommend this place. Also my Vegan compadres, she lists on her card "Vegan Delectable" as well as, "Dairy & Wheat Free" and "Sugar Alternate Items". Go Forth & Indulge My Friends.
4	I am glad I stopped by this place! My new addiction which happens to be close by my work for afternoon cravings! In addition they have a lovely seating area which I am sure I will be hosting meetings in sometime soon! Shelley gave me a sample of buttermilk pie with caramel sauce and I was SOLD! So yummy.  Cupcakes, little cheesecake and tart bites, big honkin brownies, macaroons, lemon bars...Parking is good and the hours are fantastic. So many bakeries close in the early afternoon. That's NOT when I want sweets!!Thanks Shelley! I shall return!
5	I LOVE this place. I have tried a few things here and everything has been top notch. The cupcakes are what drew me to this place at first, they are homemade with pretty decorations and cute sugar flowers on top. The macaroons are to DIE for. seriously, amazing. The petit fours are also great. The cakes look sooo good. in fact, just writing this review. im going to have to go there right now!its also nice that they are open until 7 because most bakeries close by 5, who has time to go to a bakery before 5? most people arent even off work yet! good job shelley!!
5	Yay! I met the amazing Shelley today. She was as bright and fun as the mural on the side of her shop. She proudly spoke of using only real ingredients in her creations, which impressed the heck out of me. I told her about the rave reviews she was getting on Yelp! and that I was interested in trying her famous buttermilk pie. LOVED IT!I also tried her coconut macaron. Super delicious! Thank the heavens that it's a bit of a jog for me to get here, because I could easily see myself becoming a regular. Yum yum!
5	Hello.  My name is Mimi and I am addicted to Shelley's Specialty Desserts.  Oh my, what words can describe the magical treats created inside this darling little bake shop every day.  I work not terribly far from Shelley's so I drop by every once in a while (okay at least once a week) to see what new confections have been invented since my last visit.  I am never disappointed.  Everything at Shelley's is made from scratch.  No artificial anything.  Yum!  Dessert that is almost good for you.  My favorites are the macaroons, the chocolate chip cookies, the cupcakes, the pecan sticky buns, the buttermilk pie, the cheesecake bites, and the heavenly lemon bars.  Didn't see your favorite in the list?  Try one of the many brownies, home made fudge, key lime pie tarts,  special occasion cakes, oatmeal raisin cookies, bread, gluten free bread and the list goes on forever.  The irresistible special part of Shelley's is her sugar candy work.  You have never seen such beautiful little pieces of art.  Stop in and just let your eyes take it all in.  Eventually your mouth will file a protest and demand you try a sample of something . . . and don't worry, Shelley always has a sample for everyone.  I love Shelley and all her little treats.  What a treasure!
5	Shelley's bakery is as good as it gets. No added high fructose in her stuff. She uses only the best ingredients all baked from scratch. She is so much fun to visit with, like a friend you've known forever. She was so patient with all the changes and me stressing out over my mothers wedding cake she made this past October. It turned out beautiful and tasted every bit as good as it looked. We were all so pleased. I highly recommend everyone visit her wonderful bakery and try one of her goodies while you relax in her little sitting room and enjoy the moment.
5	This place is too cute!  My brother has been telling me about it, but I have not gone yet.  I am so glad I did.  They have a ton of things to select from.  I tried these:1.  Vanilla cupcake - she freshly piped the frost on while we were waiting and topped with 2 sugar flowers.  WOW, the frost it not overly sweet so it was perfect.  The cake was awesome and moist.  2.  Almond bar (butter cookie crust topped with goowey carmel sliced almonds)  -it is just awesomely good.3.  Belgium Chocolate Mousse - YUM, WOW, HUM - Great stuff!I cannot wait to order my dad's sugar free cake here!!!!
5	Shelley's coconut pie is to die for. In fact I have never had anything that wasn't top notch. Plus Shelley is a joy to talk to.
5	I ordered the sugar free cake for my dad's birthday.  Delicous White Cake, sugar free, with custard cream filling, and with whip cream topping.  Yes, everything was sugar free.  3 tiers of goodness.  I love that this sugar free cake had NO after taste at all.  My dad was so happy and loved the taste, he had seconds.  he he he!  Thanks, Shelley and Michelle!!!  My husband HAD to get other goodies where we were at the bakery:Kay's brownie - it is like a PARTY in my mouth (rice crispy, chocolate, brownies, peanut butter, etc.)....Oatmeal Caramelation Bar - oatmeal cookie crumbled on top of chocolate and topped off with homemade caramel, my husband did not even share a bite.  After he inhaled it, he called Shelley to tell her that he saw God.  It guess it was that good?  Dutch Apple Pie (?) - whatever the name was, it was so good that he inhale his too and I only got to see the empty plastic container.
5	Shelley doesn't disappoint! I meandered back in today. Heaven help me!On the counter she proudly displayed her experimental "tweenkies". Um, yum. Yes, I ate one. She looked at it before she gave it to me, and said, "I need to make sure that I've put enough filling in. Here, let me put some extra next to it just in case."I responded, "Well, we wouldn't want me to miss out!"I also told her that one of the oatmeal caramel bars told me it needed to go home with me. She examined the bars and made sure the biggest one is the one I got. :)I think Shelley and my personal trainer are going to have to have a smack-down in the near future.
4	My mom was visiting and we wanted a major sugar fix.  Here in the West Valley, we sadly don't have many dessert type bakeries (unlike the Scottsdale area and East Valley...waaaaaahhhhh!).  After checking out Yelp mouth-watering reviews, we really wanted to try Shelley's.  What we got:Buttermilk Pie (the free sample was truly yummy!)Lemon Bars (they were to die for!)Almond Bar (this one was tasty, but not my favorite)Macaroons Vanilla Cupcake (with super cute flowers on top)I would definitely go back for another lemon bar and to try one of her other cakes.  It is in a fantastic location in Caitlin Court and Shelley is as nice and helpful as everyone says she is!
2	Shelly's is decent, not great, not really even good enough for me to drive out of my way to visit.  I got to sample a key lime pie bite and I was disappointed... It just didn't have the flavor and the key lime had a strange stickiness that felt more like it sat out too long than anything else.  The whipped topping was more like rubber... Not sure what was going on there.Second sample was a lemon curd pie bite and it had the same problem as the key lime pie... Both also suffered from a crust that stuck miserably to the paper wrapper.The lemon bars had good enough flavor but the crust, which was good as well, dominated. It was very thick and made the thin layer of lemon seem even thinner.  I enjoyed what essentially became not a lemon bar but a lemon flavored shortbread style crust... But I wished it had really been a lemon bar, switch the thickness of the lemon and the crust and it will be great.I really wanted to try a petit four, but some local restaurant had apparently claimed them all... Shelly said they would have more later or the next day but based on my samples, I wasn't going out of my way to see...
5	I AM AWARDING 5 STARS FOR:BUTTERMILK PIE W/ HOMEMADE RICH, BUTTERY, SMOKY CARAMEL SAUCE.Made from scratch. It is simple, fresh and pure. This is a true testament to baking something in simplest form and creating a masterpiece!!For 4 years I have been eating this pie on my Birthday. It's a once a year treat and I love it.
5	I have a daughter who has Celiacs Disease (no wheat or gluten allowed).  Shelly makes the Very Best Gluten Free deserts and bread!  She can transform any recipe into  a Gluten Free, Delicious Dessert.  I bought a GF cake from Shelly and you could NOT tell a difference!!!If you love Caramel her homemade caramel sauce is to die for!!! And its also GF!My daughters favorite is the Macaroons.  Two big chewy cookies filled with cream. My sons favorite are the Rose Water Macaroons.  DECADENT.You don't have to have Celiacs to LOVE Shelly's GF desserts. Thank You Shelly for bringing SWEETS back into my daughters life!  She loves you for it!!!
2	My husband and I are new to the area and were really craving a good slice of pie. We did a quick online search only to find that there were very few options in Glendale...We chose Shelly's because it was closest to our house. We walked in and I was immediately unimpressed. It didn't smell like fresh baked goodies, and the display cases were full of sub- par looking pastries. Shelly was very friendly however, and offered us a sample of the buttermilk pie. It was decent, but pretty rich..share a slice! My husband decided to try the peach pie after Shelly hyped up the fresh local peaches she uses. I stuck to the buttermilk pie as the sample was decent and I wasn't feeling particularly adventurous. I ate a few bites but was too overwhelmed by the sweetness and offered the rest to my husband, his peach pie was 80% hard crumb topping and 15% slimy crust ( had defiantely been sitting in the fridge for at least a week.) The teeny amount of peach filing was bitter and goopy. I give Shelly an A for effort, but we will NOT be returning.
5	The buttermilk pie and the almond bars are my favorite!!  Great bakery!
5	Am totally addicted to her pumpkin bars with cream cheese frosting! If you haven't tried them, you and your taste-buds are missing out! She has Mexican wedding cookies with no nuts and my family LOVES them. I took three teenagers (one was mine) there during Glendale Glitters and they couldn't get enough of the brownies. One had coffee and said it was incredible. High praise from teenagers, pretty impressive. Plus, Shelley is just the sweetest, down-to-earth, most helpful store owner you'll meet!
2	We ordered the Rose macaroons for my daughters first birthday.  I had to order desserts at the last minute because I came down with the flu and was unable to make them.  She was nice enough to make the macaroons for our party despite the late notice.  I ate one and couldn't finish it.  They were way too sweet and had an odd taste.  Maybe it is an acquired taste to be eating rose, but no one at our party liked them and they just sat there.  They cost me about $50.  They did look pretty and were a nice color of pink, so if you want them on display perfect just don't have anyone eat them.
5	Try the buttermilk pie!!
5	I don't know about those who complain but Shelley and her place are awesome!We needed a cake for my mom's birthday and Shelley whipped up a carrot cake (moms fav) at the last min, under 24 hrs. I don't like carrot cake however after one bite I was hooked! It is rich but very very tasty. There are three layers of moist delicious cake layered with real cream cheese frosty. I wanted this cake for myself! I have purchased from here before and will again and again. Thank you Shelley, you are the best!!!
5	Went to Shelley's for the first time today. She let me try the buttermilk pie and I fell in love. So I bought a slice of that and a slice of the lemon bar that everyone is raving about. That lemon bar is very tasty. It's not that lemony though, so if you're looking for something lemony order the lil petite lemon bites. THAT was lemony. But the lemon bar is good for other reasons, the crust is thick and delicious.
5	I happened to just come upon this bakery!Located in a little building that was once a Doctor Office from the 40's/That alone I found to be very cool.Buttermilk Pie!   OMG... I have never tried anything like this.The girl working gave me a sample with a caramel sauce on top.It was truly fantastic.So I got 2 slices to go. The good thing you do not have to buy an entire pie. Though you can if you would like to.Oh yes, we all loved it. She put the caramel sauce on the side in a container.I also bought some little Peanut Butter Dog treats with no chemicals or anything else in it. All natural. Our little dog loved them. She tap dances around till she gets one.It is a great place, with some wonderful baked items.They make some wonderful cakes and other items.  What a great local place.
5	I just keep hearing all sorts of things about this great little place. Now that I have been here, I have to say it is all true.Everything here is wonderful!Buttermilk Pie with Caramel poured on top......delish!We also got some cookies. We took those home and some dog treats. Which of course she loved but, loved them last time someone gave them to her as well.Great place, cool little place that used to be a house. Serch for parking on the street, not too hard to find. Or in the worst sit. there is a huge parking lot accross the street for free.
2	I'm not understanding the 5 star reviews. Maybe it's this Buttermilk Pie thing people are raving about. I guess I should have tried that, but instead I got a piece of pumpkin bread or pumpkin cake. I can't remember if it was one or the other. I do remember that it was dry and tasted like I had pumpkin spice flavored wood shavings in my mouth. I didn't even finish it. I thought about bringing it back, but we had already walked a good ways down the road. I just threw it away. The lady working at the shop (maybe Shelley?) seemed nice, but I can't bring myself to go higher than 2 stars on this one. Maybe they need to keep better records of how long items are sitting on the shelf or something. All I know is that it was very disappointing.
5	This is a great bakery! If you want an outstanding pie or cake this is where you get it from. My recommendation ia to try it all you won't be disappointed.
5	Not only was I provided with friendly, wonderful customer service, and support the whole way, but I got the best wedding cake ever! Red velvet with cream cheese icing. Soooo addicting! And when I ordered, I was even given the most delicious sample of something they had on hand. I can't remember what it was called though.Support local businesses!! This one is definitely one to keep in mind for every occasion!
5	I was lucky enough to score a slice of a specialty cake at a plant society meeting  a week ago have been dreaming about it since!  It was one of two cakes made in a beehive tiered design and was lovely.  Better yet it was one of the most delicious and memorable cakes I've ever tasted.  And it was from Shelley's Specialty Desserts!  A true treasure of a find!  And, imagine my disappointment to find it is on the exact opposite end of Phoenix from my home in Gilbert   Drats!!   I'll get there one of these days for a special event but in the meantime I wanted to share my discovery with you all!
5	I concur with the buttermilk pie reviews.  Its rich and melts in your mouth, the caramel on top is unreal! Thanks yelpers for this hole in the wall find. Ive only tried the pie, but its Super Delicious.
5	WOW!!!I had Shelley bake my wedding cake, and the whole experience could not have been better! From the moment of first contact to her delivering the cake on the big day, everything went so smoothly. And the cake....ohhhh, the cake! We ordered a red velvet cake with cream cheese filling, and I can without hesitation say that it was the best cake I've ever eaten.Thank you Shelley, for making my special day that much more special!
1	I wasn't impressed with the novelty birthday cake I paid $97 for, it lacked attention detail. I was so embarrassed to present this cake to my wife for her birthday... I wouldn't recommend shelley's to anyone!!
