5	Outstanding just walked in from Orlando Florida and being from NY originally with frequent visits to Little Italy,  the food was great.   Bread,  bread bean and vinegar, onion dip was great.   Have the double Tuscan wine and the chiliean sea bass and you will have a fab time.   The guy who gave it a one star is not Italian and probably thinks olive garden is  5 star.
4	Very nice food and wine. I had sea bass and my husband had grilled lamb - both were perfect. Try crab and spinach dip, too! No kids menu, but you can order any half-meal or even a custom meal, which we did - our son enjoyed pizza made just according to his taste. Service was very good, Thanks Jeffrey :)
3	I've been here twice.  The first time was for lunch several years ago and I recalled really enjoying it.  This last time for dinner was just okay.  I really like the atmosphere of Arooji's.  It is very warm and comforting.  The giant racks of wine, the high ceilings, and all of the wood give the place a nice vibe.  The service was attentive.  The food wasn't bad.  It just wasn't great.  We started out with the calamari which was very good and certainly better than average calamari.  I got a special which was a mix of mussels and clams in a wine/herb broth.  The broth was nice, the clams were meaty, but I don't know what went wrong with the mussels.  It appeared that they had been cooked to death to the point where they and just about completely disintegrated.  My date got the lobster ravioli.  The presentation was nice but the dish was devoid of flavor.  Lobster is a very distinctive flavor and if you are eating it, you know it.  I could not discern much lobster flavor in this ravioli.  There really wasn't much flavor otherwise either.  We were "cheating" in getting this rich dish on a week night with the pasta and cream sauce.  Needless to say, we were disappointed by the lack of decadence.  It's a shame that the food was more consistently good as there are a lot of things to like about this spot.
