4	This is the former location of the Russ Lyon Realty office that was at N. 32nd St & E. Lincoln Dr near the 32nd St. Trailhead.  Starbucks just opened this morning and I happened to be driving by.  The staff is friendly and apparently the whole crew from a North Scottsdale store moved down to this spot to open it. ( A guy that lives in Scottsdale and works down the road from here said that it was really cool, and odd.  Kind of like deja vu for him.)There is a small patio of to the side with tables, chairs, and a misting system.  Located right beside the newly moved Squaw Peak Animal Hospital, this Starbucks is sure to attract a hiking and dog-friendly crowd.  Parking will be challenging, there isn't a drive-thru and the cool patio is off the side, somewhat oddly oriented.I would visit this plaza often when At One Yoga was still in operation (if they had known that Starbucks was moving in, maybe they wouldn't have closed shop?)
5	Great beverages, and incredible service:). The Manager of this unit was awesome.  Very personable, with sincere and authentic care and concern for her guests.  Motivated me to create this account and write a review:)
4	Great customer service at this location!
5	One of my fav Starbucks! Cant beat the location-- looking at Squaw Peak mountains is awesome.   Lots of seating and nice set up inside store.  Friendly customer service from all staff. I drink tons of coffee -many of them  free refills because of my gold card status and they never make me feel guilty or bad.   I highly recommend checking out this location when you want good coffee in a pretty atmosphere.
2	I was in the area this morning, and stopped in for my "hang." They didn't have dark roast. The woman said she'd brew some, but laughed at me when I suggested that coffee prepared with different methods tasted different. So I left, and went to a different location where they had dark roast available, and treated me and their own product with respect.
5	Not a lot to say here. Nice Starbucks. Large, clean, kept to a comfortable temperature, like most Starbucks. The staff seem attentive and stuff, like most Starbucks. Bathrooms are clean, like Starbucks. Music is quiet and backgroundy, like most Starbucks. Internet works well, like most Starbucks. Nothing too original or unique, like most Starbucks.
5	Decided to try this Starbucks as it has a Clover machine. Had a Komodo Dragon and it was very flavorful. Everything about this Starbucks is up to the usual high standards. Not the most parking-friendly location, but there is ample parking if you are willing to walk 50 meters or so. Nice friendly baristas. Lots of sitting space.
5	I love this place so much!!! Amazing location, incredible views, and the staff is at the highest of customer service standards. They remember the regulars, they're  all very light hearted and great at making our drinks!!! They have the new Clover, and Fizzio!!! They are amazing!!
4	Love my neighborhood Starbucks staff, however...Parking lot is tricky and does not wrap all of the way around. I see traffic jams as people make 23 point turn around a to exit. They really need signage !!! Management can easily step up here !
5	I just loved this little Starbucks on the Southwest corner of E Lincoln and N. 32nd in Phoenix.  The building is large with a very spacious feeling inside. There are large window everywhere providing plenty of natural light. There is quite a bit of seating at small wooden tables and even one large one.  This is a much larger Starbucks than I am used to seeing back in California.   The baristas are quite friendly, calling out a cheery hello as you enter.  There is a gentle hubbub of conversations in different languages taking place all around you giving this unassuming little coffee shop a very cosmopolitan feel.  Blues music plays softly in the background adding to (not detracting from) the happening vibe of this place.And, of course, there is the free wifi which Starbucks is known for.  We were staying at the JW Marriott Scottsdale Camelback Inn down the street and had a very difficult time getting good reception for our wifi hotspots necessitating numerous trips to this particular location to use their wifi - and, of course - indulging in their sinfully good expresso beverages.  Over my several visits here I have ordered both hot beverages (venti skinny cinnamon dolce latte) and cold beverages (iced green tea) and they were all tasty.The parking seems to be a little tight at peak hours, but otherwise this is a fabulous location.
4	Now this is a Starbucks that wants people to hang out a while and endlessly refill their Bold Roast.  Plenty of windows keep it bright and sunny, there are more than enough tables and comfy chairs to satisfy the "talk over coffee" types and those who like the vibe of a coffee shop to get work done.  Service is super fast, and I won't even hold it against them that they spelled my name Aaren.  (Erin is the typical female, Irish spelling.  Aaron is for boys.  Eryn, Aryn, Airen, etc are usually girls with eclectic parents.  Aaren is new.)This shop is super close to Piestewa, but they ask that you don't park here while you're hiking.  Perhaps  a post-hike energizer?
4	It's a Starbucks so if you have a been to one you know exactly what to expect. Folks that work here are pretty coo. They have plenty of seating, plus a really great outdoor seating section. Although you can't see the views from the outside, you're right at the base of the Phoenix mountain preserve.
2	No Pikes place brewed?  That's unheard of for a Starbucks. Not impressive. Second time in two days!  Need a pep talk by management!!
4	My local Starbucks, not much to say, I think everyone has been to one by now. I will however mention the excellent service here as well as great locale. Friendly Baristas greet you with a smile and call you by name if you've been here enough. You get the usual squatters here that take up space and bandwith, but there is usually a seat or table available inside or out. I am more of a get in and get out customer. This place does have a great view of the PHX Mountains if you're into that stuff.
