3	We had to do laundry and my daughter had a LOT built up, including three sets of king size sheets and clothes from four people. A friend of hers suggested she try this place because the place she usually goes to (aside from the apartment building) only has five machines. It was Saturday and they might have been busy, too. Diamondback Coinless had a lot of washers and dryers and some of their machines could hold 2-3-4-6-or 8 loads at a time for a higher cost, saving waiting time. We got it all done in four washers I think, and two or three dryers. Two hours after we got there and $14 less in her pockets we were walking back out. She threw a few damp clothes in the dryers at the apartments but otherwise it was all done in pretty short time. Their regular washers were $1.25 unless you went in on Tuesdays and Thursdays when it drops to 79 cents per load for regular top-loading washers. Drying was 50 cents per 11 minutes, not cheap but the dryer held a ton of clothes. The assistant, who looked Indian or maybe Pakistani was VERY helpful as we fumbled through a myriad of errors including, but not exclusive to, opening up a front loading washer she had added soap to by mistake instead of the one she had her clothes in, dumping out half a washerful of suds and water on the laundry floor. We were frantically throwing sheets on the floor to soak up the sudsy mess before it could spread too far! It was like a scene from a Lucille Ball show. The place was very clean and the assistant kept up by sweeping the floor periodically. She probably would have had to sweep up less stuff if they just placed a trash basket under each work table so you didn't have to search the whole place and walk across the entire room to throw your trash away. There were 2 or 3 video games to keep kids occupied, a machine that dispensed tattoos for 75 cents, and a corner for smaller children where they had kid videos playing--in this case the good old Disney movie, Jungle Book. That helped the six-year old pass some of the time.61910
3	The actual name of this place on the outside is Coinless Laundry, not Diamond back Laundries!  It took me a while to find this place on yelp due to the different names, but this IS the place, because I checked the address before I left the place yesterday....My apartment complex shut down the laundry rooms here at my apartment complex, claiming that they are doing gas pipeline work to the dryers throughout the complex.  Until it's fixed, I've been taking my laundry to the laundry mat so I can have clean clothes.I've been to this Laundromat before in the past for larger loads of laundry that I have, for such things as comforters, blankets and so forth.  It's an extra mile out of the way, but it's one of the nicer laundromats that I've been to in the area.  Is it the nicest? No, but it's slightly above the rest.  The place is clean, with tons of washers and dryers. It's a card operated system, and they have a machine that provides cards (for a small fee) and takes cash (bills only) to add value to your card.  For every $10 that you put on, I think you get a bonus dollar added to the value of the card.They also have a full time on site attendant, who can help you if you should need it.  Weather it's getting change, help with using the machines, or just have questions, the staff here can help you.  They also sell laundry supplies, but are a bit pricey, so try to bring you own to save a few bucks.I think the prices here are a bit steep, but not by a whole lot.  For a small single load machine it's $1.39, and 60 cents to dry for 20 minutes.  They have a large selection of double and triple loaders, and even have a few machines that are 8 loaders!  I don't know what would be that big to wash, but it's there if you need it.  They also have several nice carts here to help you move your laundry from the washer to the dryer, or to one of their many folding tables so you can put your clothes together before you leave.  I think they also have wifi, so you can surf the net while your clothes get clean!
4	Nice place as far as public laundry places go. Lots of newer washer and dryers. It is pretty clean for as many people that use it. It also seems to have an attendant hanging around cleaning and helping people if needed. It is also close to the Hilton Phoenix/Mesa hotel if you are staying there.
4	This place is big and clean... The attendant was nice and kept the place clean... Not to many people here since it's a Tuesday... But I like it for the big washers... Enough TV's with different channels and a place for the kids to chill... I like it... I'll come back
3	On the plus side, this laundromat is kept very clean and they have a lot of machines of varying sizes.On the other hand, I waited around for the attendant to come back from their break for almost a full HOUR today. After about 50 minutes of pacing and ringing the bell I gave up and went home. I don't think it was their lunch break since this was around 2:30 in this afternoon... But who knows. Still pretty irritating.
