5	Wow! Barbara is so professional! And she is a total expert. I am so thankful that I met her. She does such a great job. I recommend her to all my friends.
5	When it comes to choosing a good CPA experience should be the biggest factor in your decision. With over 17years in the business Barb takes the time to make things understandable for even the most simple of minds. Wether its for personal or for your business Barb will not dissappoint. She even has a fantastic personality to compliment all the knowledge she holds. Thank Barb!!
5	Barbara is super skilled at accounting services. I have been to her business and Appenzeller &Associate are trustworthy knowledgeable professionals who bring a sense of I care about you to business. I like their hard working ethics and save you money attitude. Great people and someone I would recommend.
5	Barb is unique, she is a CPA with a personality! Her entire office is that way, and on top of that they are very experienced at what they do. I have no hesitation in recommending Appenzeller & Associate CPAs.
5	As an insurance agent I have many clients, both individual and business, that need help with accounting, tax, and payroll.  Barbara and her team are excellent and have the knowleged and professionalism to keep them out of trouble with the IRS and make sure they are not spending any more than they have to on their taxes.  I reccomend her all the time.
5	Barbara and her team make an awesome group of professionals to work with.  Barbara takes her time to fully understand my business accounting and tax issues and follows up with clear and professional  recommendations.  I can rest a little bit easier knowing that I have Barbara, a CPA, helping to take care of my accounting and tax issues each year.
5	Barb is a consummate professional. When it comes to taxes and book keeping I trust her with my family, my business, and the IRS. She doesn't cut corners and makes sure to communicate what is happening every step of the way. I had a high bar set and she hurdled it. My previous CPA wasn't terrible but I got tired of receiving letters from the IRS over small items. Since Barb took over our books, we've been one step ahead of the IRS and that's a great feeling. One less thing to worry about!
5	Barb is The Best!!!  Her extensive knowledge and winning personality (yes, there is a CPA / accountant with charisma) make her both unique and refreshing.  I recommend Appenzeller & Associates for all of your tax, bookkeeping, and accounting needs without hesitation or reservation.
