3	Well......... where to start with Prezzo. After having been to the one on St Vincent Street in Glasgow I decided I would take my 'quite fussy' chum here, on the basis that she likes pasta and pizza and doesn't eat much meat. I really don't think this visit was ever going to live up to the one I had in Glasgow, firstly the building it is in here is far less grandiose and doesn't look like anything special.... at all.Then there was the service, the girl was perfectly pleasant, smiling and welcoming. BUT I think we must have waited about 10 minutes before they came over asking for our order...... we hadn't even been asked up until this point if we would like drinks, which we certainly did. Then after ordering there was a dreadful wait for these much desired drinks to arrive, which was rather infuriating.On to the food, it was good. It is nothing spectacular and for the price I think it is a good deal for a quick and tasty meal, but it is nothing I couldn't make at home. My friend decided to be healthy and have a 'light option' of flatbread pizza with salad. I was surprised at the size, it was really rather small considering I had a whole pizza for the same price, and she was rather disappointed with the unadventurous small salad. Then came the waiting..... again. This time to pay. We had to call someone over after waiting with the card on the table for 10 or 15 minutes. Then not only had we been waiting, but as the staff seem a little discombobulated a young girl came over expecting us to pay AGAIN.So.... the overall verdict. Food is tasty, much what I expected. Service left a lot to be desired, especially having worked as a waitress myself they just are not quite on the ball.
3	I'd been meaning to visit Prezzo for a while, so was glad to finally get round to it. Their pizzas are OK, but it's all just a bit uninspiring, for me.Overall, we said: "Prezzo was fine. Their pizzas were pretty good, but the overall impression I will leave with is that they understaff their restaurants. Our waitress was lovely, but she was fighting a losing battle to effectively manage things. So the verdict is, Prezzo is a safe but unimaginative choice. I'd recommend you go elsewhere for your Italian treats; there are many better places for you to sample."
4	A group of us had a table by the window, which has possibly one of the best views in Edinburgh from it! Overlooking the Balmoral Hotel and down SOuth Bridge over to Calton Hill, the atmosphere was lovely!I know this is a chain restaurant but it has far surpassed, in my opinion, the likes of Zizzi's and Pizza Express. They will always have a place in my heart but Prezzo now does too.Staff were a little on the nervous side but I think possibly were new. However food was delivered promptly and was most delicious.We went for the Frascati white wine whcich was crisp and dry and complimented the italian food well. We went for a selection of breads with oils to start with - more than enough for two people, whilst our other two companions had mozzarello 'bites' with tomato salsa.I went for Chicken Medina, a pasta-type bake with chillies, pepporoni, chicken and tomatoes - delicious comfort food! :)My friend had the Chocolate gateaux which was very moist and delicious! The sticky toffee pudding was also lovely.Definitely a nice place to go with friends and family. At weekends they don't book tables but have a look on their website for any deals they might have.Worth a visit!
3	food was ok. but no salad dressing with my salad and not enough toppings on the pizza. i would not go back, but it was not bad if you are hungry and want decent food.
4	Caught in the busy evening dining traffic, we looked high and low for a bite to eat.  Finally, the young lady running the show at Prezzo found us a table for two even though we had no reservation.  The service at Prezzo was a bit slower than we're used to, but the wait was worth it.  Both of us went "light," which in Prezzo speak means half a serving and a salad.  My pizza and my lady's pasta were both delicious, and the salads were fresh and crisp.  The "light" servings were generous and filling.  We have no problem recommending Prezzo for light Italian fare.
