3	I'm giving this place 3 stars for now. It's could be 4 stars but I may have ordered the wrong thing....I ordered the whiting, fried. I should have ordered it Cajun fried because there was no seasoning in he batter. Also the batter is cornmeal, I don't mind this but some do. The fries were good as were the red beans and rice.I do plan to try this place again as it is difficult to find good seafood that isn't expensive. They fry, grill, etc. they also have barbecue and fried chicken. This is also a fish market where you can buy fresh seafood and fish.I really hope this place is worthy of a 4 star review.
4	Delivery of seafood? Awesome! I found this place on GrubHub, apparently an extension of the Nile Cafe next door. Anyway, great seafood for pickup or delivery. They have a table or two outside if you wish to dine here.
5	Great for those nights that you do not want the usual pizza or Chinese food delivered to your door.  Has a multitude of different types of fish that can be cooked many different styles with some awesome sides to back them up.  They quoted us 30 minutes delivery time and it only took them 15 minutes!
3	It was OK but no where near the best fish in town.  Really salty (drank like crazy all afternoon).  Coleslaw was typical "from the tub".  No malt vinegar--what is with that--when you have fish, you need vinegar, not ketchup.  Extremely limited seating.
2	The whiting (they ran out of catfish) was all kinds of bland except for a really strong fishy flavor (whiting is the least supposed to taste like fish), especially for "cajun fried", or was that what the bucket of hot sauce was supposed to represent? The jerk chicken tacos tasted nothing of jerk, the only noticable flavor was from the sweet thai chili sauce added on the side. The mac and cheese side was a congealed mass of fake cheese with some tasteless noodles to bind it together, and the rice and red beans were essentially that, a layer of rice with canned red beans poured over top. The only saving grace was my partner's cajun grilled tilapia, the highlight of the meal.
4	We ordered the Tilapia grilled with fries and cole slaw and roll + chicken fingers with mac & cheese. The Tilapia size was above average and grilled perfectly. The cole slaw was also tasty. Fries needed just a little longer cooked. The Chicken fingers were breaded fresh and cooked perfectly. Mac & cheese was not good. Customer Service is very friendly and inviting. We would for sure go back. I recommend trying the Tilapia. I think they have some things to work out on the sides but overall pretty good.
2	This place is connected to J & M Fish Market, so decided to give it a try for dinner. Place was deserted, service was slow and they were out of the first 3 items I ordered (Clam Strips, Whiting/ Atlantic White Fish and Red Snapper).  Maybe the place is still pretty new, and they haven't figured out how much to order? Even if that's the case, I still thought it was a bit odd to be out of so many items.I ended up ordering the BBQ Rib Tips.  The meat was really dry, with not much BBQ sauce, so I asked for some on the side.  The sauce was likely out of a bottle.  Overall, I would say the food was OK...  Not great, not bad, just OK.I had a slice of cheesecake before leaving.  Not homemade, a little dry, but pretty good.Not sure I would give the place another try, but we'll see...
3	Really wanted to like this place and i bought two groupons.  Probably deserves 3.5 stars. Listen, the service is very good.  Last night I called a take out order in, and it was ready and all wrapped up 20 mins later when i got there to pick it up; server was very friendly.  You also get a good amount of food for the price ($10-$15); you get the piece of fish, two sides (ive only had veges and red beans + rice), and a cornbread muffin.    However, the fish is just not that good.  I got two orders last night, 1 walleye and 1 snapper, both grilled.  One of the filets look like like some massacred the fish with a dull machete.  The other filet looks appealing, but had some small bones in it.  The taste of both was also very bland, and neither really tasted fresh; rather, they were somewhat tough and dry - so i doubt the fish is actually fresh.   They should also include a lemon wedge.  No idea why they dont.  However, the sides were very good and the muffin was a nice surprise.   So, you get a decent "fresh" fish meal and with a good amount of food for under 15 bucks, so its not that bad.  But, on the other hand, the fish is just not very good.  Maybe if you get it fried it will taste better - but then whats the point of getting fish if your just going to make it unhealthy?
5	This place is phenomenal! I highly recommend the cajun red snapper, seasoned veggies , and red beans and rice. The waiter was incredibly polite and created a delightful dining experience.
1	I wish I had better things to say.I called in my order and they said 15 min.  40 min later I was still waiting for my food.  I ordered jerk chicken taco, ultimate nachos and rib tips with mac and cheese and potato salad.  They forgot to give me the sides - mac and cheese and potato salad.  Jerk chicken tacos and the nachos pretty much had the same grilled chicken with some kinda thai chili sauce on top.  The tortillas weren't very good..  and the chips were chewy..  Its just odd to have sweet and sour sauce on top of the nachos..  They both were like something scraped together from whatever you'd find in the fridge.The rib tips were ok.  Not especially good, not especially bad.  All in all, I had such high hopes for the place and they were super nice.  But the food isn't very good and it sucks that they didn't give me part of my order.  Shoulda known when the door was locked and you had to enter through the store next door.
1	This place is closed down
