5	So we rolled into Vegas at about 3pm on Thursday afternoon and my check engine light had been on since half way through the ride from San Diego.  We had to stop at the gas station down the street on Flamingo Rd. to wash up and change in a very gypsy like fashion.Trying to keep it cool and on the safe side(and mainly on a budget) I decided it was best to have my SUV diagnosed, did a google search and I came across R&R Auto on Ogden St.When we rolled up I was amazed to see that these guys had a huge shop with over six ports and all of them were full, which lead me to believe they have their shit together....sure nuff, in no time I told the lady at the counter what the problem was and I hadn't waited more than 5 minutes when one of the Tech's came out with a high-end scanner that was able to tell me exactly why my check engine light was on.In the meanwhile my wife and 4 yo daugter were able to cool off inside of the office with soda and water while they watched TV on the couch.Apparently a vacuum plug had fallen off and my manifold needed some cleaning, needless to say these guys took care of it within the hour and also performed a leak test on my vacuum system. Their prices are waaaay below dealer cost and I was more than happy to pay for their expedient service, it's like they were conscious that were tourists and didn't want to spend our vacation time in a shopThe day before we left we stopped to get an oil change and they even gave us a lift to the old strip and picked us up so we wouldn't have to wait around while our car was serviced.  Keep up the good work guys!!!  Highly recommend it.Pros:Clean shopFast serviceHonest family owned business.Cons:N/A
5	Love these guys! Service is great! The lady at the front desk was so helpful and very nice! The mechanics were fast!  Will definitely be coming back!
5	R & R on Ogden is a family run shop that is run by the wonderful Mariana. They are incredibly honest and reasonable on price. I was stranded in Primm and had to have my vehicle towed into their shop on a Friday afternoon. I was from out of town and they could of gouged me on the cost to fix my vehicle, (and many shops would have), but they stayed open late to receive my vehicle and fixed it the next day on Saturday. in fact Mariana came from her home after closing on Saturday to open the shop, so I could pick-up my vehicle. The price was very good and the service was amazing ! Highly Recommended.
