3	Massage Heights is a business where they offer a massage at an introductory rate and then try to get people to sign up for a membership where they get one massage a month. I had originally scheduled a massage at another place but it was canceled so I decided to try out Massage Heights last minute.The introductory rate for a 50 minute massage was $39.99 plus tip. Not a bad deal at all. The masseuse I had was great, she was a younger girl but she had very strong hands and made sure she was using enough pressure for my liking. Overall the massage was very relaxing...The sales pitch afterward was far from relaxing. I realize the point of the introductory rate is to get people in to try to convince them to sign up for the yearly membership, but I think Massage Heights would do better if they spent more time explaining the pricing options before the service, and then just following up with the customer afterward. That way the person that just enjoyed their relaxing massage can remain somewhat relaxed, instead of having to crunch numbers and decide if something is a good enough deal to sign up...I did not end up getting a membership. At this time I just don't have the extra money to dedicate to massages every month... I doubt I will go back to Massage Heights  and pay full price for a massage.
2	Tried out Massage Heights (Warm Springs location) for the first time and I can't say I was very impressed. The massage itself was decent and for an intro-rate of $39.99 for 50 minutes, I guess I can't really complain.  My therapist, Kim, did an awesome job and provided very firm pressure where I needed it.HOWEVER...I've never been to a spa that didn't offer ice cold water with the slices of cucumber or lemon in it after the session. This place? They handed me a plastic bottle of lukewarm no-label water. Tacky.  Who knows, maybe this is what's offered to non-membership customers and they have the "fancy water" somewhere else for members?Then it was sort of high pressure sales at checkout, trying to get me to pay for the membership (again, not too bad, $49.99/mo which gives you one 1-hr massage a month.) Like Jessie B. suggested, perhaps they should let you know what the membership prices are before hand so you can still enjoy the lingering feelings of the massage afterward.But sheesh, I still can't get over the lukewarm bottled water.  I didn't join.4 stars for Kim.2 stars for Massage Heights.
5	Cesar, Micheal, Michele. These therapists are so talented they keep me coming back. I have been going to Massage Heights for a year or two. It's a great way to get satisfying Swedish massages at a reasonable price. Massage Heights scheduling works in a way this last-minute lady appreciates. The professional receptionists usually get me in to see one of my therapists on the day I call, usually within a few hours. Payment is easy too. They keep your card on file for tipping and charge you each month $49.99 for a one hour massage. You can upgrade to a 1.5 hour massage for an $19.99. Of course tipping should be on the standard price for a massage--$80-100.Truly, the value in this place lies in its amazing therapists. If you're into deep tissue, one therapist calls herself the "Germanator" and she damn near killed me. She's about 98 lbs. Don't let her little hands fool you. She will crush your muscles. Some people are into that. She's always booked.
4	I purchased a membership.  I  like Thomas or Sara.  Tom is chatty and a nice guy, while Sara is quiet.  Both are great at their job, just depends on my mood.  The professional staff get you in usually that day in the time frame that you are looking for.  Sometimes, I book in advance, but I like the option to call in and get in if my schedule opens up.  I did not purchase the membership the first time.  They sent me another intro card and I did a second massage before I was sold.
4	I have had a membership with Massage Heights for about 9 months now. I will probably never do it again. I like this place, but I work at a resort on the strip and they add more to the experience. It is always the little things such as the extra pampering, water and healthy snacks before and after. I know that my place of work doesn't offer a membership, but it is worth the money everyone once in a while. I will completing my 1 year contractOf massages with Massage Heights, but will not do another membership with them since I feel for what I pay for I can get better service elsewhere.
3	The customer service is inconsistent. If it wasn't for the massage therapist Danielle, I would have quit this place a long time ago. It is clean. It looks and feels like a place you want to go. But, I feel like some of the people in charge dont respect the customer and not always nice. Luckily they recruited decent talent - ask for Daniel.
5	Best deep tissue massage!My husband and I were looking for a therapist.We went to another location simialr to massage heights and the massage was horrid! The man called himself a healer and did more talking than massaging.Kind of skeptical we decided to give massage heights a try seeing it was close to our house.WHAT A DIFFERENCE! Ask for Radika Luong! She is amazing!!She asks questions to learn about you & listens intently. Her knowldege of massage and anatomy is impecable. I have never been so relaxed & my shoulder pain was gone for the first time in years! My husband and I were so impressed with Radika we signed up for the membership! Everyone we have encountered at this location has been wonderful!Highly reccomend the 90 minute hot stone massage!  PURE BLISS!
2	Chat chat chat chat chat. Maybe more conversation. Maybe some more talking during relaxation. That's all my masseur did. I don't super want to talk about my tattoos or my injuries while on the massage table; I want you to relieve the tension in my neck. I was also super pressured to join their club, which I suppose I should know better. I won't be back, even though their massage club seems like the best deal of all the massage clubs. No thanks.
5	Cesar Nunez, hands down, best therapist there. Very knowledgeable and great at what he does. He's been with Massage Heights for a couple years, which is always nice to find someone who's good and stable. Most places have a high turnover rate with their therapists. Highly recommend.
4	Excellent customer service and Jeff is my favorite. He is very professional and a great masseuse. I find this place by scheduling a couple's massage which was great. I signed up for the year-long contract for one massage a month about a year ago. I am out of town about every other month and they are very flexible about when I can use my hours (ie 2 hours in one month, no massage for 3 months, etc.) The only problem I ever had at this place in a year is that it gets noisy in the last hour as other people are packing up their tables.
5	I have been receiving massages from Massage Heights for the past year. I have received at least a hundred massages and am not exaggerating when I say Ricardo is the best massage therapist I have ever worked with. He was able to completely correct my poor posture and assisted in healing my migraines through therapeutic massage. He even helps me understand different stretches that will help reduce muscle pain.
3	I've been a member of this Massage Heights for several months now. The massage therapists are pretty good. My main problem is that the massages are not an hour long. I know, I know, the fine print says something about not including set up time. However, the massages I've had here start 5 to 10 minutes after the hour and end 10 to 15 minutes before the hour. I had an "hour" massage recently that lasted about 40 minutes. I took photos of the clock before and after the therapist entered and left the room. If you check them out, my 8:30 massage hadn't yet started at 8:38 (it was 8:40 when she actually came in), and she stopped the massage before the second photo at 9:20. I always arrive early too. Calling a 35-40 minute massage a one-hour massage is misleading, especially when most places start the timer when they actually start. Also, I would avoid the so-called "elevations". The hot stone/foot scrub/face massages are marketed as if they are added to your massage, but in reality the therapist STOPS the massage 20 minutes early to do them. In my opinion it's a ripoff. Is 60 dollars plus tip still a good price for a 35 to 40 minute massage? Meh, barely. You can find an excellent (legitimate) hour massage in Chinatown for 35 dollars.
3	I personally like Massage Heights better than Massage Envy.  It's a smaller company, but it definitely doesnt lack in quality.  I was a member for a year, twice a month, and I always had a good experience except for 2 times. They tend to hire alot of "just graduated" therapists  so just make sure you ask before you schedule.  I would give 4 stars if it had more than 2 locations in town.
5	Hands down great service and a great place. They are very professional and clean, plus have a good selection of therapists. Call them now!!!
4	Have been to Massage Heights on 3 separate occasions, and I signed up for membership.  So far, no complaints.  I've used two different therapists; one of them, Michael, was awesome, and I will continue to book my sessions with him.  He respects the concept of "relaxation" and does not chat during the session.  The other therapist, Alex, was good at deep tissue (which I needed), but the massage was more painful than I expected - and left me sore for a week.  But I don't blame him for that, I may have just underestimated the "deep" in deep tissue.In both cases, both therapists were happy to answer the questions I have about the state of my muscles, and give me additional information.  Yes, I was pressured to buy the membership after my first session, but I didn't feel that it was too pushy or took away from the experience.  And in all three instances, I called and requested massage same day, and they were able to accommodate my request with no problem..
4	Got my first massage today here and I was a little nervous because of the mixed reviews. With that being said my first visit was really good. My massage therapist was Sara. She did a great job. She used just the right amount of pressure. Not to lite and not too much. She has very strong hands and I could tell if I wanted a more deep tissue massage she could do it with no problem. Yes they do try to get you to sign up for a membership but I didn't feel any pressure. I said no and that was that. The place is very clean and very professional looking. Their was a good amount of people coming in and out so it is a busy location. I don't know if they accept walk ins. I would recommend making an appointment . I'm definitely going back.
5	I have been coming here for a few years and even convinced my husband to go . They are always very accommodating . Cesar is one of the best therapist but is booked up frequently . He's great at sports massage and fixing ailments . Make sure you go to the location on Warm Springs and Stephanie .
2	The old saying you get what you pay for definately fits this place. They shorten the time, it isn't as advertised and I have yet to have a decent male therapist.  I was talked into a membership so will be quitting when that is up but will only have female therapists from this day forward.  Expect an hour massage to be about 35-40 minutes...
4	Not thrilled about having to sign a membership but thrilled with the reasonable price for massage.
5	Massage Therapist Jessica, not Jessie, gives great 90-minute full body massages.  She uses hands only, doesn't just poke into you and doesn't stop touching except for brief moments for lotion or towels.  Over the years I have enjoyed numerous massages from many therapists, but some are definitely better than others.  Jessica is one of the best and has gained my loyalty for repeat massages.
