5	I've been to Anthem more since this store opened than I have since the entire outlet mall opened. The sales are just sick -- once in a while, the entire store is 40% off. If you sign up for the emails, they send all kinds of crazy coupons. The clothes, admittedly, aren't as nice as the regular BR, but the overall flavor is very similar for a tiny fraction of the price. Last weekend, I got a pair of work dress pants, two chiffon tie-neck tops, a very expensive looking cowl neck top, and a button down shirt for my SO -- for about $115. That's insane!
5	I have a serious Banana Republic problem. Rewind time to about three years ago when I bought my first dress from BR. I had just gotten my first full time "real job" after finishing college and I needed a wardrobe to match my new position. It is now three years later and I have probably close to twenty dresses from BR. The only issue I have is they leave me pretty darn broke, so when I heard BR had a factory store I was stoked! So last weekend I dragged my husband, sister and niece down to Anthem to check this place out.It was crowded, but the prices of the items definitely make up for it. That is, when you find something worth buying. The selection of items is a little weird, and you have to fight with many other women to get into the racks with the good stuff. But I managed to find two 100% cotton dresses that are both casual and work appropriate at the same time. Priced originally at $80 with a markdown to $40 on the rack, they also had a 25% off sale on these particular items that day. So I scored two dresses originally totaled for $160 for $60. Sounds like a good deal to me. I wish they had more colors, except that would have been bad for my credit card cause I am sure I would have ended up buying them all. My husband also scored two pairs of jeans, two cotton shirts, and three pairs of boxers for under $100. I can see myself making the 50 minute drive down here at least four times a year to see what new stuff comes in. My dress collection is going to get larger this year, I can tell you that. Also, if you sign up online for the factory store you can get coupons for extra % off your total purchase. So your super discounted items just got even more discounted.
1	Love the clothes, but refuse to shop there due to the horribly snotty service I receive....
5	I'm always finding something I love here.This summer it was $10 linen shorts that I wore constantly. Recently I got an adorable dress for work (not quite in $10 range, but still great). And then when I was checking out I found some adorable sunglasses for $5.99. Score!!!
4	In a nice area
5	Amaze! Always great deals. 50% everything in the store today for black friday! ... I got a pair of men's jeans, 2 women's sweaters, a dress and belt for $60. Heck yah!
4	I really like Banana Republic clothing, but it can get a little pricey if you want to buy up several pieces. Thus, the Factory Store is just perfect for me! It's the same great style and quality of Banana clothing, without the sticker shock at the cash register.  It can get a little messy in this store from time to time if there is a sale or special going on, but on the whole it's decently sectioned and you can find sizes without too much digging or searching. They always have a decent amount of staff, so there is someone out on the floor helping people find something if they need assistance.  The down side to this particular location is that it's inside of a pretty dead outlet mall that doesn't have much else to offer.  So unless we are in the area already, it isn't worth driving all the way out here just for this one store.Overall: BWish there were better options in the complex itself, but this store is worth a stop off!
4	Very friendly and helpful. Katie is especially engaged in making your shopping experience as smooth and productive as possible.
4	Was pleasantly surprised with this Banana Republic.  Found this branch at the Outlets in Anthem, Arizona.Usually, we do not purchase anything at their stores.  This time was different.  After leaving the Gap empty handed, we walked next door to this store.  Grabbed some really good deals from the clearance section.Combine the good deals with good service and a clean & organized store....you get 4 stars from me.
