4	Staff are friendly and willing to help. Store is clean and selection is good.
1	Do not purchase anything that requires delivery from this place, ever. I purchased a washer and dryer from here. It was supposed to be delivered Sunday. I spoke with customer service and they said it would be rushed this morning. It is now Monday, 4pm and no washer or dryer. I tried to simply track my order through telephone over TWELVE times. I was hung up on repeatedly. This was due to the fact of being transferred to unattended phone lines. I called about ten minutes ago to find out their reliable staff somehow managed to dent in a part of my dryer. I HAD TO CALL TO FIND THIS OUT. No one contacted me. I cancelled my entire order that was over two thousand dollars. This place is terrible. I am completely disgusted with their lack of effort and professionalism.
5	These guys are always great when I visit this location. Friendly staff and quick to help. Always willing to go the extra mile to try and help.
1	If you like walking around a store and going back into the parking lot for your cart this is the store for you. Poorly set up store.
5	What matters after some screw-ups by Lowes of Northern Ave in Glendale AZ, esp in shipping and installation schedule delay is that they respond by providing top customer service and quality work for customers' satisfaction.  Because of this, i am changing my rating to 5-stars.  Thank you so much, Lowe's! We are one happy, satisfied customer!
2	This is my Lowes and it's not a very good one.  Really terrible customer service.  The best thing about this place is that the clearance items are in abundance.
1	The worst customer service ever. We bought a washer and dryer there, heard nothing for two weeks, then randomly got a phone call saying they would deliver around noon that day. Thanks for the heads up!? I was at work and noon was about twenty minutes away, so obviously couldn't just leave my job in the middle of the day. I asked for them to come the next day (saturday), they gave me a four hour time window telling us we would get a call between 8-12.  They randomly showed up around 1:45, this is after I called the store at noon to check on where they were. We waited around and wasted our entire Saturday. When they arrived and did the install the dryer wouldn't turn on. They said it was our breaker. We had an electrician come out and basically pain him to tell us nothing was wrong and they must have hooked the dryer up incorrectly. Called them back to get someone out, they were supposed to come yesterday and canceled on us, and no showed on us today. We paid a ridiculous amount of money to have a washer and dryer just sitting in our house. They have beyond wasted our time. This is literally only the tip of the iceberg of our experience and doesn't even cover the times we have called and not gotten called back and the fact that when you do call they answer the phone as if it's their house phone. Seriously annoyed and will never buy anything from lowes again.
