5	This is a wonderful little place if you're serious about getting into competitive dance or if you're like me, and just want to be comfortable on the dance floor.Everyone, from the teachers to your fellow students, is incredibly supportive.  This is important because confidence helps you show up the next time and more practice helps you get better quicker.This is a really nice establishment in Vegas.  Very comfortable and family friendly.  They have weekly "parties" where you can practice what you learned -- or have people teach you.  At the parties, people of all levels are dancing... and dancing with others of various levels.  As I said, they are incredibly supportive and even if you're self conscious like me, you'll find yourself getting up and boogying down.They offer group classes and private lessons.  The private lessons aren't cheap, but worth it if you have the extra cash.  They offer discount packages for beginners that can get you started -- and other specials after that.
5	This is a great little studio.  My husband and I found it a few weeks ago.  We've been dancing ballroom for about 7 years now, and both have ballroom dance degrees.  We just moved here a few months ago, and are very happy we have found Delgado Dance Studio!  We are impressed with the level of instruction offered, and the community-feel given by the fellow students and coaches.  Highly recommended!
4	I would recommend this place this place.. . They offer group and individual classes. I'm sure you will be able to find something you would like to learn as they pretty much teach it all.  they have group classes for  salsa, tango, merengue, cha-cha and many more...  all of their staff are very nice, you won't feel awkward at  all.. yeap! even if you do not have an idea how to dance. oh btw, they also have party nights on Thursdays which is super fun..
1	I love to dance. I was scheduled to come here for a lesson and when I arrived they were closed and I don't mean for the day. They had closed up shop. I decided to go to Fred Astaire down the street and have been dancing there happily ever since.
