3	They say you have to "dig your Golf game out of the dirt"...you have to "Play golf from the bottom of your feet up"...the most important distance in golf "is the 6 inches between your ears"...you should never "putt from the rough"...never mind that last...not great advice:)It has been a rough week and I decided that I needed to swing a golf club again...just to put a little good feeling in my head...a round of golf, well played, always put me in that "I'm the king of the world" kind of mode:)One minor problem...I looked at my calendar and I hadn't actually swung a club in almost 6 months...that's a recipe for an unpleasant round of golf...what to do?...what.to.do? :-)Well, I guess a little practice wouldn't hurt...I mean if it's good enough for Tiger, it's good enough for me:)And speaking of Tiger...it looks like we are both on the comeback trail right now...although my trail seems somewhat less problematic...I mean when I tee off, no one is going to be ironically shouting "It's in the hole"...BTW, I think we've just seen the tip of the iceberg with Tiger's story (although I understand that he seldom used just the tip of the old "Tiger-berg":)But, sadly, we'll never really know...What I do really know is that I'm glad I have this little (and I do mean little...the practice facility at Whisper Rock is the size of 3 full golf holes at CGC) facility to start to tune up my game:)I don't really play golf at CGC (although I would ...it's "cute" and little...it would be good short game practice).But for me, it's the closest practice range (to my place), it's inexpensive (I bought a $100 range card and that gives me something like 17,000 golf balls to hit:), people are friendly there, they don't mind me bringing my shag bag over and using my own golf balls for some of my practice...in short, it's homely, but it's homey:)They even have a little practice bunker...a sort of flat (but OK) short game practice area...and real grass on the range itself...an important feature, from my perspective:)I don't know about you, but I don't like hitting off mats...you can't learn anything about your game hitting off mats...there's no "feedback" to tell you some of the things that you really need to know about your game:)I mean try to hit a "fat" shot off a mat...go ahead, I'll wait...that's what I thought...can't be done...not even a shot that's just "chubby"...the club just bounces off the mat and into the back of the ball.Anyway, I went over and hit about 100 balls today and rolled about 100 putts and you know what...after the first half dozen whizzer's, the ball started coming off the club the way the laws of physics insist it should...high, soft draws that hang up there forever...towering cuts that stop on a dime...the ball going where I thought it should:)Am I ready to take my game back to the course?...no flippin' way:)I need a lot more practice before I tee it up again...at least if I'm going to tee it up for money:-)
4	Great executive course right in the heart of Scottsdale. The 18 th hole gets me every time. There are discounts online at golfnow.com. The course is always in great shape and their driving range is good.
3	Played Continental one evening after work.  It was very cheap, at just $17 including two drinks.  Great little practice executive course, but it's a little ghetto.  After awhile all the par threes start getting repetitive, but it's good for practicing the irons.  Probably won't go back, as it's not really worth the drive to Scottsdale, and there are better after work courses around.
5	The 18 holes got a lot of excitement indeed! Great place to practice your swing and got good service and good shape course!
4	Got a hole in one on #12  and shot 3 under par last week. Continental is always fun and always in pretty good shape for a course that gets so much play. Greens hold nicely and put pretty true. I will be back of course. I wish there were more course like it around, great short  game practice and driveable par 4's.
3	No one is going to mistake this course for a PGA tour course, but with a lot of par-threes and short par fours, it's a great place for a beginner to practice his swing somewhere other than the driving range.  The short par threes allow you to use a wedge or high iron off the tee box.  It's a cool feeling to see a shot from the tee box that actually goes where you want it to.  This course allows you to concentrate on your aim of the ball rather than trying to crush the ball down the hole as far as you can.
4	As a beginner, I'm definitely a fan of all the par 3's and the casualness of the course.  I got paired up with another twosome and they were awesome people who were just out to have a great time and enjoy a little friendly competition amongst themselves.  The course is well kept and reasonably priced.  I'd definitely come back!
3	I'm at the practice range on this course pretty regularly and I have played my fair share of rounds here so I have to say, Continental is good for the following reasons:1. It is literally a two minute drive from my house, which means I can get there quickly at the end of the day for a quick session on the range, or to squeeze in a tee time at the last moment if I'm feeling frisky.2. Perfect for taking people out who are new to golf, or the player that is self conscious about their game for a relatively easy round. Also, it makes for quicker time around the course for the cart girls!3. Water is present on a few holes, giving you that "watch out for that damn water, you gone' git wet" factor which makes it seem more challenging than it really is, especially off of the tee on 18 where Glover's Pond is in play for anyone with a wicked slice (or hook, if you're a southpaw).4. Affordable range prices ($7 for a medium bucket) and a good range in general. Also, they have a decent putting green and a pretty good chipping area for working on your short game. 5. Night golf. Yep you read that correctly, they have night golf if you want to reserve it for an event. I highly encourage looking into it if you're interested in a great group activity.Slow pace of play and loud golf carts (annoying, really) are the negatives I take away from this course...oh and the Driving Range is closed on Monday's (what the heck?). Other than that, get out and play Continental if you need to scratch the itch to swing the sticks but don't have the time, patience, or cash flow to play a longer and more challenging track.
3	This is a good course for locals and high handicappers like me. The price is great and includes a cart. The holes aren't super challenging, which makes it a nice self-esteem boost.  I play in the summer and they have a deal, if you play six rounds, the seventh is on the house. I usually play a second round at a discounted price and they'll still stamp your card for a free round, so if you are up to play 36 holes in a day, you'll still earn a free game and spend a bit less doing it :) Playing this course almost every week has really helped me hone my short game as most of the holes are par 3s. Not a single par 5 on the course. Everyone on the course is super friendly and just out to have a good time so expect a low-pressure, laid back round every time. The 18th hole is my favorite because the water comes into play and it feels longer than it is. If you're feeling brave, try to hit your second shot over the water. The clubhouse is a great place to unwind after your round.  There's a good beer selection and a very cordial atmosphere at the bar.
5	Great deal on the back 9 if you get there early in the morning. Front 9 is meh but I love the back. This is where I learned how to play and its a good practice course if you need a quick game.
3	This is a great little executive course in the middle of Scottsdale.  I've been playing here since I started golfing at age 10, and it's become somewhat nostalgic to me.  They always have great specials floating around online, so be sure to check before you pay full price.With only six par 4s on the course, it's a great opportunity to work on your irons before shoveling out big bucks to all the other target golf courses around the valley.  I would recommend Continental to anybody wanting to get re-acquainted to desert golf or beginners in general.  Since most of the holes are par 3s it seems like a slow round having to wait until the group in front of you gets off the green.  With that said I still have yet to play a round over 4 hours here.Don't expect top notch conditions, but the fairways and greens are always in good to great shape, especially considering the price you pay.  This night golf thing they offer sounds intriguing, I'll have to give that a try next time I visit the area!
4	Continental Golf Course may not be perfect for everyone but it's perfect for me.  I am retired and I only learned to play golf 10 years ago, so I'll never be a "great" player.  I've played other courses in the area, including Mirabel and McCormick Ranch, but honestly, they are too difficult for me on a regular basis.  Continental is just enough of a challenge for me to be fun.  It's close to my home, it's short and it's inexpensive.  It's not a perfectly groomed course, but it's not awful.  They offer deals, especially in the summer, so do sign up for emails.   My husband and I play this course a couple of times a month year-round.  I especially enjoy playing during the summer, when it is very hot, as we have the course "all to ourselves!"
5	I had only played golf twice prior to teeing off here. Booked 9 holes for myself. Played the back 9, it was a lot of fun trying to learn how to play. The staff let me go out and play before my tee time. I played 9 holes in an hour.Went back the next Sunday. Played the course twice (it's unlimited) with the cart included. This is the best value in Phoenix for golf for someone learning to play. The holes are either short par 3s (150 yards) or longer Par 4 (300 yards). I played 36 holes in 5 hours.This weekend I will try to play 54 holes. I am new to golf but playing here doesn't make me feel bad about my game. The course also is well maintained and has bathrooms and water on the course.
4	Awesome place for beginners cheap and easy to walk on especially in the summer. The greens are a lil soft but are usually decently manicured. Holes and tees are regularly moved so regulars have some variety. No par 5s but that isn't necessarily an issue. Fun course overall!
1	Course is in terrible conditions. Muddy, high grass, lots of holes and uneven greens. The poor conditions keep serious players away.
