5	Bought a dyson vacuum cleaner for dirt cheap! Great!
4	While I was going on a thrift store spree during the last few months of 2012 I decided I'd stop by here. I've passed by a few times while adventuring on Eastern and Tropicana, but never checked out the inside. I'm also not a Catholic, so I thought maybe it would be sacrilegious for me to go inside.I'm very glad I did go in! There was an assortment of boardgames, and I found a vintage 1960s game named Probe that I got for half off (all the toys and games on one table were half off).  Although many of the clothing there screamed middle aged teacher/churchlady, I managed to find a cute White House/ Black Market blazer for six bucks. To round out the deals I got a totally sweet Excalibur stein mug.All and all it is a clean and mostly organized thrift store. Will definitely be checking it out to see what they have in the future.
3	The sales specials are confusing (buy 5 yellows tags and they are $1 each. If you buy four or less, than its price as marked...WTF?) and the prices are random, as some items are dirt cheap and others are almost full retail. Nothing in this place is consistent.Although the clothing selection is kinda boring, some cool vintage/designer stuff can be found of you look hard enough. The furniture is the best thing about this place. Old 70s and 80s stuff for reasonable prices. The place is clean and organized, but some stuff is a little thrown around. I found the staff slightly on the unfriendly side.  Worth checking out though. I'll go back periodically.***UPDATE***I did find a pair or Prada dress shoes here. The price was $80 but the special on this particular visit was 50% off all shoes! A miracle!. $40 for a pair of shoes that retails for $650 at Neiman Marcus (I did some research)!?! Now that is a deal!
4	Big, clean and pretty well organized. Looks like they have a really large selection of truly vintage items as well. Prices are more than fair, and I will be back. I got a pair of overall jean shorts for 2 bucks, sweet!
2	When I first walked into this store it was small but it had some interesting things around here and there, however slightly over priced. I found a craftsman electric blower which was listed for $50.00. It seem a bit high considering it was only a 12amp. I looked up the model number but it wasn't available anymore. I found a more up-to-date model online at Sears for $47.50 (exact same blower *newer generation). I figured I'd show the manager what it's listed for brand new and see if it was just missed priced. The store associate returned saying that they just looked it up and saw it was listed for $80 plus on the Sears website. I told them how could that be considering I had it on my phone clearly showing it listed for $47.50. I was then told they looked up the actual model number and this particular one was much more, but the manager would take off 5 bucks (remember that model number doesn't exists anymore) . I asked if I can speak with the manager and if they could show me what they found it on the Sears website (not sure it's a he or she because the manager wouldn't even come out of the back office) and was told that's all they can do. When I asked for the managers name, I was told be the same associate that she isn't able to give out that information. Keep in mind that this store is called "Catholic Charities" and this is how they represent? This isn't a "thrift store". The bottom line is this store is a joke, not for what they have on their shelves, but because they are waaaaay over priced and the customer services is beyond ridiculous.
3	A little of everything...furniture, clothes for everyone, jewelry, housewares. Pretty well organized. Today I saw some unworn Donald Pliner shoes for 25 bucks. Sales staff was helpful and there was a 50% off sale going on. Fitting rooms. Good digging!
1	This place lost points with me...I use to be a regular customer here and would buy a lot of stuff from shot glasses for my collection to old VHS movies but one day I found a metal tube/bar that I needed for my sons play pin so it could hold up straight and it was the exact piece I needed so I wanted to purchase it even though it didn't have a price I thought maybe they will give me a price at the register but I came to find out they didn't want to sell it because they said they didn't know if it belong to something they have in the sales floor and might of gotten misplaced which is understandable so they looked around see if Any thing was missing a metal bar and found nothing so I told them I will give them 1 dollar for it since is nothing special but they said no that they rather throw it out. Now why would you throw it out if you have someone offering you 1 dollar for it? So I ask since they are going to throw it out  that if I can I have it? And they told me no. And being that I really needed this piece and I guess they seen that, they told me that the only way they will sell it is if I pay $8 dollars for it...it got me mad to the point that I bought and pay the $8 for it and told the manager that they lost a loyal customer and vowed to never set foot and donate to them ever again. Correct me if I'm wrong but if your going to represent a religious charity the first thing about charity is to help not steal from the people that make your foundation possible and not take advantage of the people that need help that's why I take my donations to other places and shop there now...
4	Okay, it's a thrift store, so it's not posh, but hey, its clean and I've found a number of items here including furniture that were just perfect for our home. The staff are always very, very friendly and they have a very good turnover on their items so one has to check back often to see if there's something there. As a thrift store (and Vegas has a lot of good ones). I recommend it.
1	This place I went to is at 4840 S Eastern.I bought a lamp there.  I bought it because I liked the lamp shade.  I got home, the lampshade didn't fit my my lamp.  I thought "ehh maybe they'll let me take it back and switch it for a couple of towels or something I'll use."I called.  I talked to a slightly snotty woman who was very happy to tell me there are no exchanges or refunds, and in all fairness it does say that on the receipt, so I was like, "oh ok it does say that."So I go to the lamp and I'm thinking well, I'll use in in the living room.The knob was gone.  No way to turn it on without pliars.I call back, I tell her there's no knob.  This time she was VERY snotty to me.  She said I could talk to her manager, but they "have people checking these things before they put them on the floor, so I know it was there."  I asked her if she was accusing me of lying about the knob on a $7.50 lamp?  She was so snotty I decide her manager needs to know.  Lol, only when I get there I find he is even worse than her!I drive all the way back there, because I am that upset.  I meet the manager.  I felt like I was dealing with a mentally undeveloped 7 year old.  I'm rarely rude but I am direct and outspoken about how I'm being treated, especially if I've given a place my business and spent money there.  - He told me it was my responsibility to check to see if anything is broken before I buy it.- I told him it's his employees' job to do that before things are put on the floor.  - He then told me he "knew" it had a knob when I bought it, because someone had "told" him they saw it with the knob.  - I asked him "Did you just accuse me of lying to you about the knob?"  (Seems to be a theme going on here.)He points to a young man working there who looks at me and blurts out, "I saw it 2 weeks ago, it could have fallen off."  - Then the manager asks me in a snotty tone, "Why don't you go find a knob somewhere and put it on it?"- I look at him and ask him, "Why don't YOU go find a knob somewhere and put it on it?"     Which he then did. A knob that was too small and doesn't fit on the metal part that sticks out, and fell off in my car on the way home.  I asked him if he took it off another lamp and he proudly stated "YES I DID."  I tried to put it on when I got home but its too skinny and it's supposed to screw on and the threading doesn't match up.  The whole thing is worthless.  He's not THAT inept; he could tell it didn't fit.  He just jammed it on there well enough so it wouldn't fall off while he was walking with it.  He so blatantly derived pleasure in sending me out the door feeling ripped off and angry that I became even more angry I spent money there.I didn't get his name.  But he appears to be one of those old school party types that lost most their teeth from whatever recreational chemical activities they used to partake in. ? (100% my impression.)  He was sure pleased with himself to send me out the door angry with that useless lamp.  Really?  Accused by two people of lying about the missing knob on a $7.50 lamp and sent out the door purposely agitated by Mr I-need-to-feel-some-power-in-this-life-manager-guy.  That was enough for me.  Over a $7.50 lamp.  Geeeez.  I'll pay the $30 at Bed Bath and Beyond from now on.  Who knew?  I always thought Catholic Charities was a good place to shop because you're helping a good cause.  Treated like that??  No thanks.(*Let me add I also called the store on Rainbow to vent when I got home, and spoke to a very nice woman, named Nicole.  This is not who I am referring to above when I said I called and they were snotty.)
