3	This store is close to my house.Right in the middle of Tempe.Lately when you come in it is hit or miss. There is someone standing at the door wanting to see your reciept. Then go through your bag. A lot like Costco, but no warning anywhere. Not a sign to be seen that says have your reciept ready, or even the cashier letting you know to keep your reciept out because, you will be serched on your way out.Get cameras, have someone watching at the check out. I do not like this system at all.  I have to stand in line like a troll while someone checks everyones papers.Lots of parking in the lot, But, the store could use a good clean up. It is not that nice inside. I know it can be because some of the other .99cent store are quite nice and clean as well.
5	More than I imagined here and 10 times better than that $1.00 Store associated with Wal Mart.  Sure they have plenty of things Made in China but they also have some quality products too.  Veggies, dairy items, and much more. This is a big store.And to think I only came here looking for those bags that extend the life of produce.
1	While I must recognize that when I buy produce in a discount store, I must be extra vigilant, I have been bitten twice even after rooting through each choice in the bin.When I come to this store, I am looking for 3 things...garlic, onions and spices.I have yet to be disappointed by any spices I have purchased in this store, but I have been burned buying garlic and onions on the last occasion.  The garlic bulbs in their 5 for 99 cents sleeve are generally good.  They are more expensive than the same offering at any respectable oriental grocery, but the location is closer.  The last occasion, I found that all 5 bulbs had begun to rot, to turn from the nice cream color to an opaque tan that tells me these apparently reached a temperature of over 90 degrees while in storage.The onions I purchased on the same trip appeared to suffer the same fate.  The outer skin looked good, but on cutting in, I found translucent layers.  Peeling through the layers, the heat apparently permeated more than half-way through the onions.  I get that shopping for discount produce is a risk.  I do not respect the company that promises low prices and respectable items.  The company needs to regard minimum standards for their products.You have lost my business.  I can only wonder about other items that came in on the same shipment, be they produce, candy or other consumables.
4	Newly remodeled with taller aisles and more stuff! Huge aisles of Halloween decorations!
