5	So I was lucky enough to be wandering around Mill towards the lake on this gorgeous spring evening with hubby.  We saw that the patio bar outside of Monti's Casa Vieja is finally open!   It's called Tempe's Front Porch (TFP for short, according to the wait staff's shirt logos).  The space is inviting, with stone half-walls, comfy outdoor sofas, a big bar, shade sails, and fire pits that came on at dusk.  We ordered all sorts of happy hour food/small plates - my fave was the short rib street tacos, we also tried the chorizo eggs, chicken lollipops (spicy).  The drinks were the highlight - a spicy Fiery Mandarin orange/cran/jalepeno concoction, and a light and refreshing cucumber Collins - I could see drinking that in July for certain.Well, Yelp's formatting is not letting me go back and edit anything easily in this review, so I'll stop here.  I did take photos since the real thing that pushes this Front Porch over to five stars is the location (right across from Tempe Beach Park/the Waterfront) and the ambiance... you can see part of the Flour Mill and once the trees get a little bigger, this place is just going to be smoking.  Yay!  The holy grail, I hope I'm the first reviewer!  :)  Cheers!
3	Tonight is a soft opening on a fabulous patio!    The food was better than the service.  The drinks were verrrry slow through the evening .   Our favorites were : street tacos , quesadillas, sliders,  sweet potato fries with avocado ranch dip (yum),  mashed potatoes / bacon appetizer and chicken lollipops!   We're disappointed with the service, but looking forward to coming back!
4	We were waiting for dinner at Monti's and headed out to the Front Porch to check it out.  Great happy hour menu but you could tell staff was still working out a few kinks.  I wish it had been a bit warmer, cool windy evening and only two heaters.  Great view, good cocktails and nice 5 for $5 happy hour appies.  I'll come again!
5	The Porch is a very cool addition to Mill Avenue. It's an outdoor drinking and dining destination at Rio Salado and Mill, right across from Tempe Beach Park and outside of Monti's La Casa Vieja. The views of the lake, mountains and even the Flour Mill help make it a great place just to hang out. Just about everyone has known of Monti's has steaks, burgers, seafood and their Roman bread for decades but a completely different dining and bar experience is found on Tempe's Front Porch. You'll find a much more contemporary and urban menu and feel.  Grab some Ahi Tuna Ceviche, Chorizo Deviled Eggs, Kobe Beef Sliders, bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates, short rib street tacos, prim rib quesadilla and more. The daily happy hour from 4-7pm with 5 for $5.00 food specials is pretty tough to beat.They also have a choice of 13 different beers on tap with some really good selections. I'm a pretty big fan of the Left Coast Voodoo Stout. The wine list is extensive, the margaritas and specialty cocktails are awesome, and the large whiskey menu is one of the best around.This outdoor patio seats up to 130 people, has table top seating along with large comfortable couches and chairs, three fire pits, a misting system, television sets and a nice open feel facing Tempe Town Lake.  Monti's and TFP have ample parking which is certainly a bonus AND they are located very close to the Mill Avenue light rail station, so it is convenient for anyone looking for a spot on Mill.
4	We stumbled upon this place while trying to eat at Monti's on the new patio.  Apparently they are owned by the same people but are trying to bring in a younger crowd with a creative flair to drinks and food.  The patio was really well built and pleasing to the eye; there are a few flat screens and they have large speakers always playing music.  I have to add that the music playlist was pretty terrible though.  Service was top notch and everything tasted great!  I really enjoyed the interesting combinations the chef came up with; nothing disappointed.  They also have a good selection of spirits, and I thought it was pretty neat that there was an option for bourbon flights.  This place can be pretty spendy so be prepared for that, but I thought the experience and quality of food was worth the money.
4	What a great new addition to the entrance to Mill Avenue!Michael Monti has done a great job crafting an urban, inviting atmosphere with Tempe's Front Porch. Sixteen great craft beer tap handles will satisfy any beer nerd, and the food pairs nicely. I enjoyed the ceviche, and the chorizo-stuffed dates are quite the delicacy.It has plenty of cozy dining couches, tables, and bar seating, with an attentive and responsive wait staff. Then again, I was sitting with Michael Monti last night, and that might have gathered me a little extra attention. But everyone looked like they were  getting great service, too.Situated on the north side of Monti's La Casa Vieja should keep the sun at bay this summer. And the addition of high sun screens and a misting system will hopefully make it bearable when the heat usually has us staying inside.I'm looking forward to my return!
5	Stopped in after rowing races with my son and daughter-in-law.  She is on a diet and was accomodated with chicken, which was not on the menu.  I was amazed at the wide adult beverage options.  Marcus was doing double duty behind the bar and serving.  He sat down in the empty chair filling us in on upcoming events.  Our food was a bit late in coming out, we did not mention it.  He brought our bill and gave us happy hour prices to compensate.  The food was perfect for a patio.  I had the sonorand dog, tasty. Son had fish tacos (not my fave here).   Marcus made lunch extra pleasant.
4	Went here a few weeks ago with my boyfriend. I'm addicted to al fresco dining and was excited about this new addition to Mill Ave. It's connected to Monti's (which I have never been to but have heard great things about). The ambiance is very hip and urban. The music isn't annoying which is a plus. Drinks were fantastic. I had a pomegranate mojito and it was quite refreshing. One thing I did not like was the "5 for $5 Get Your Fix" menu, which I wasn't aware prior to going was only for happy hour. There was a particular veg-friendly item that I wanted, but I was informed that they were no longer serving it. That was a bummer. I opted for the fries and quesadilla (sans meat). My boyfriend got the sliders. Our food was really good. I ordered the sweet potato and regular fries and it came with various dipping sauces (including some marshmallow concoction! Yum?) I overestimated the size of the quesadilla and realized that I got entirely too much food! When the check came, I was a little bummed that they charged me full price for the quesadilla even though I didn't want the meat. I guess I shouldn't expect those things. I will likely be back despite that. Those fries are worth it enough for a return visit!
4	Just popped in for a couple beverages during the end of Happy Hour on a great breezy night in Tempe. Happy Hour has great prices for most drinks. The margarita is made with fresh juices, so it takes longer, but tastes better than that crappy sour mix used everywhere. At $4, it was a great beverage. They had some food, some snacks, but nothing seemed appealing to us, so we just enjoyed some Lebron and the evening breezes. It's too bad you can't see A mountain from the bar and the glare is pretty brutal on the TV set until the sun goes down, but still a nice patio and outdoor bar.
3	This place high really high reviews but unfortunately was let down. Food was ok. Service was terrible. There was no one there and it took the guy 10-15 min to come to our table. Food came out quick which was good and the portion size was fine. Drinks were great and fresh! They use fresh juices and no mixes. It's a great patio for a nice evening with friends. Please also note that this is connected to Monti's Restaurant. The inside is Monti's and the outside is Tempe Front Porch. No signage.
2	The ambiance is cool but we went a few weeks ago for the first time while it was still 100 degrees out at midnight and one night out for a walk we decided to stop by and check it out.  The misters were turned off at 8:30 pm just a couple minutes before we got there and they would not turn them back on.  I checked the temperature on my phone it was a very uncomfortable 97 degrees so that was a little weird.  We sat down and had the kobe beef sliders and a glass of red wine.  My wine was $8 or $9 cant remember other than it being on the more expensive side for how horrible and warm it was.  I didn't expect the wine to be warm.  That was a first for me, warm wine yuck.  I mean really warm not just room temp warm we are talkin warm warm.  I didnt think there was anything special about the sliders.  Great location, great outdoor patio, great for people watching but service, food and drinks not good.  Overall pretty disappointed.
4	My new hang out spot. Dani, the server, was wonderful. The appetizers were great! That's all we ate, the tacos and the Chicken Lolipops. Price was perfect for happy hour.
4	While strolling down the north end of Mill Ave from Tempe Town Lake I was accosted by the smell of grilling beef coming from Monti's La Casa Vieja Steakhouse.  I changed my plans and crossed the street to Monti's where I was greeted outside by a young woman who said something unintelligible but obviously polite.I asked to sit at the new outside porch area. She then explained that the outside had a different menu, different drinks and a different vibe than inside--though a common owner. I chose to sit outside. She immediately recommended the prime rib quesadilla, "it's my favorite on the outside menu."I was disappointed at the menu.  It seemed a bit limited and not the traditional fare that I was used to at the old Monti's inside.So I sat down and ordered the quesadilla.  The server said, "that's my favorite on this menu."  When another man delivered my food (complete with a white and purple flower on the corner) he said, "this is my favorite on the menu." My thought was that Michael Monti must have trained these parrots well.My plate looked like some slightly greasy quesadilla slices with hand cut corn on top, and a flower on the side.Then I ate it.And, holy crap, it may be the tastiest item I've ever had on Mill Ave.A server asked a customer nearby how his meal was and just walked right by me. I demanded his attention and, without much acknowledgement, he said, "I'm not even going to ask you.""Yes," I told him. "They really are that good."I won't describe all the ingredients, but the words that come to mind are these: "Cacophony becomes symphony."So, if you venture out to my adopted home of Mill Ave drop by Monti's Tempe Front Porch and ask for the Prime Rib Quesadilla. Don't expect anyone to ask if you enjoyed them.
4	Seriously loved this place!  The only negative is that I called to say we would have a large group (11 or 12) people on a Tuesday night.  I was told I don't really need reservations but whoever answered the phone reluctantly took my name.  This information must not have been saved or passed on because the place got busy and they were way understaffed.  The food and drinks took forever to come out and were one at a time.  However, with our group that wanted to stay and chat it wasn't a problem at all.I loved the outdoor ambiance.  The rocks and fire pits and comfy couches were awesome.  The service was very friendly.  We got many dished comped at our table.  I'm not sure if the kitchen was preparing duplicate orders or what but we enjoyed that perk.The mojitos were delicious as were the popcorn, veggie quesadilla, cauliflower and tacos.  Mmmmm... Can't wait to go back.
4	We stopped in here on a Saturday afternoon after a petwalk on Tempe town lake, so we had four dogs in tow. Since this new patio opened they allow dogs! Yay! We were warned by the hostess that they were short staffed but she brought us waters right away. We did end up waiting quite a while. Normally I would have gotten up and left, and at one point I told my friend that I might be heading out. I guess there was confusion between the only two servers and they thought we had already been helped. Once they got that squared away the server we had was friendly and kept checking on us. We just got drinks and by looking at their menu they seem to specialize in whiskey cocktails. Two of my friends got a mimosa carafe for $10, which was on special. I had a glass of wine for $8. The hostess really is what made me stay. She was so sweet and also brought water for our dogs, and came back around to refill their bowls. Like I said, usually if I have to wait that long for my cocktail I just want to leave. However the service we did have was good and you can usually win over a dog owner if you are good to our furry friends. So for this reason they get four stars from me.
1	What looked like a phenomenal French toast on the menu turned out to be nothing like the menu advertised. Slow inefficient service for brunch. Not impressed.
3	My review is pretty much in synch with everyone else's.Good:The food (when you finally get it)! Standouts: Lobster and Corn lawd jesus. The Gin drink named after royalty. Can't remember the name but it was great! The varied menu - So many cool things to try. The drinks - Delicious, inventive, tons of them to try and MANY weekly specials (see below).The Bad:The service...I mean I saw 3 people in black shirts standing around, and TWO hostesses. Do you need that many people taking you to your table? I mean, it's self seating...for the most part.Lastly, the bartender was working her BUTT off. She was hustling like she was in that movie about having Flow. Get it girl. I just think, Management needs to talk to the rest of the staff. It's almost...irritating to see so many people just standing around. Bottom line: Really good food, really great drinks, poor service.Here are some of the daily drink specials:Margarita Monday-$3 off specialty margaritas from 7pm-close.Guys Night Out Tuesday-1/2 off whiskey, bourbon, and scotch from 7pm-close.Paper Bag Beer Special Wednesday- random beer in a bag for $1 from 7pm-close.Ladies Night Thursday-$3 off glasses of wine and $3 360 vodka drinks from 7pm-close.Fireball Friday-$2 shots of Fireball from 7pm-close.$10 Mimosa Carafes Saturday-Get a mimosa carafe for $10 from 11am-3pm.$10 Bloody Mary Carafes Sunday- Get a bloody mary carafe for $10 from 11am-3pm.
4	This phantasmagoric establishment is highly underrated. Not only is the music incredibly hip, but so is every item on the menu - both cocktail and food.Not to mention, their brunch from 10-2 every weekend is worth the visit.Ideal time to come and discover the menu is during Happy Hour, when you can sample 5 of their incredible tapas for $5.  A MUST TRY is the chicken lollipops with spicy buffalo sauce.  Be sure to order them with the gorgonzola bleu cheese.  Also of note are the street tacos, and the Frito Delight (fried cauliflower, queso fresca, and buffalo sauce)Cocktail menu is varied and impressive, and you can't go wrong with any of their cocktails combining fresh squeezed juices and all natural ingredients.  For a fabulous taste of the Southwest, try the "All natural hand crafted margarita", with El charro silver organic tequila, freshly squeezed lime and oj, and all natural agave nectar.  For lighter and refreshing options there is the "Cucumber Collins" and "Cu-liad" both made with square one organic cucumber vodka and freshly squeezed lemon juice.  There are more traditional cocktails like the "Dark and Stormy" and the "Hemingway", but also a dozen margaritas and various other cocktails, an impressive selection of bourbons whiskeys and scotch, as well as classic cocktails like "the manhattan".It's a perfect place to drink, and they have prepared a snack menu along with tapas, accordingly.  You will find everything from bacon wrapped chorizo stuffed dates to truffled heirloom and parmesan popcorn.Sonoran hot dogs, Lobster and corn, kobe beef sliders...the Front Porch has something for the most discerning, or laid back palate.Now that they have started brunch on the weekends, be expecting all of your breakfast comfort foods, and a large selection of southwestern inspired dishes such as street tacos with scrambled eggs and green chili pulled pork.This is definitely one of my "go-to" spots for snacking, dining, and drinking, in Tempe's Mill Avenue district.
4	Great addition to Monti's... Needs a better name... Put "Hayden's" above the back bar in rustic lettering or something!  This is one of the few old places left in the valley... "Hayden's Front Porch" would generate interest in the awesome story of this location and pioneer family.
4	This is the front porch of Monti's, my boyfriend and I were pretty confused looking for it.  It's outdoors with a bunch of heating lamps, be sure to sit next to one if you get cold easily.  So we came here for the tapas aka small plate appetizers.  The thing that surprised us was that the tapas were not small at all! We almost ordered too much.  Our food:Prime rib Quesadillas- packed with flavor really good the first few bites in but after a little bit it got overwhelming.  If they didn't try to pack so much cheese and veggies into it it might have gotten 5 stars.  Sometimes less is better. I would order this for a group though.. really good!Salmon tartar- my least favorite dish we ordered.  Packed ingredients in a mason jar which was a great presentation but the salmon didn't seem so fresh was very fishey.  Short rib tacos-  This was well worth $5 packed with meat and toppings.  The meat could have been a little more moist but I'm honestly not going to complain for the sake of the price. There are a lot of selections we are definately coming back to try! Maybe this time with a bigger group.  I would give it 3.5 stars.. but I rounded up.  Great place for a big group to hang out, have some drinks, and share food!Will be back to try the rest of the tapas
5	Stopped in for a glass of wine tonightThe bartender, Patrick, noticed me going through the wine list...Asked me what I likedOffered some suggestions and even some samplesI found a Pinot noir that I liked and had a glassHe offered to serve food but I was only there for the glass of wine It was a lovely evening and I was living for the outdoor heaters I will for sure be back...
5	love their wknd brunch menu!! Each item comes with 16 oz. draft beer. Well worth the $$!!
2	I would not have found the place if I didn't read the reviews.  Its an outdoor seating area that is next to the entrance to Monti's across from the park.  Even as we approached I wasn't sure, then realized their shirts say Tempe's Front Porch.So I think they're trying to be a hip young place.  Its a great spot for people watching for sure.  The food's not terrible, but also nothing to write home about.We got the fries - sweet and regular which was nice.  It came with 3 sauces that were all every sweet...  Not a huge fan of them.  I ended up using the sauce from the chorizo stuffed dates (bbq).  The fries were crisp though and not too greasy or salty.The short rib tacos were ok, the meat was slightly on the dry side.  Can use a little more than shredded lettuce on top.The chicken lollipops were just pieces of grilled chicken with Red Hot on it.  Not impressed at all.The yukon potato dish was terrible.  Its a slice of deep fried potato (think extra thick kettle chip) with shredded meat/chorizo(?) on top with some sour cream and a slice of raw jalapeno on top of it all.  Raw.  Poor plan, poor execution - zero points for this dish.The chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon was actually pretty good, also hard to mess up.  Had bbq sauce on it.  Everything came with a splash of red pepper flakes and parsley on top.  Its a neat little spot to hang out in, but I have to agree with the others that the service is on the slow side.  We almost had a 1:1 server to customer ratio and it was still slow so I can only imagine.  The service was friendly and willing - just very slow.  The food is NOT very impressive.  I think an above average home cook would easily come up with better dishes than these.  Happy hour deals aren't great either because the portion size is very small.  If anything it's priced right.  I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.
4	Great place!I loved the atmosphere- and the food was also fantastic.Came here for happy hour, and was pleased by the food offerings, and their prices.I did wish that they had more specialty drinks on happy hour specials (as they only had wine, well and beer specials).
3	Great location and when the weather is nice it's pretty awesome.  The food is decent but the quality could be improved quite a bit. We got the mimosa carafe but it wasn't made with real champagne. It was crazy sweet. So we asked the waitress if they had different champagne. They did not but she literally went and found a bottle of brut and made us new mimosas. Pretty awesome service.  I haven't tried the happy hour but it's looks pretty awesome.  We need to explore the menu a bit more.  All in all a good experience.
1	Tempe Front Porch get ready to be put on blast!!!!..... Well first of all we planned on going to Monti's for lunch, didn't realize that TFP isn't actually Monti's, but we wanted to sit outside. We got there at 2:40 for a late lunch, sat down, waited about 20min to finally see our server(Samantha) and place a drink order. We saw her walk by atleast 10 times without saying anything to us (and that's rounding down, prob was more like 15 times), along with all the other servers walking by numerous times with no help. Luckily the hostess was nice enough to bring us waters after she saw we hadn't been helped the first 10min. So after I finally got my beer it had been 35min since we sat down. Food came out relatively quick, tasted great. Yet for some reason our aunts soup and salad took the longest and came out 5min after all of the other entrees. Never got any water refills, or asked if we wanted more drinks. Heck we barely even saw her to ask for more drinks or water. Then when we were ready for our bill, didn't see her for a while, probably about 20min or so of when we were ready for our bill until she finally brought it to us. So I'm guessing this was Samantha's first shift?? Or first ever serving job?? Really wish we had just stayed inside and had lunch at Monti's. Definitely never going to sit on the crappy patio again. The while experience was a joke. If my wife and I weren't with family we would've definitely walked out whole we were waiting 20min for a server to help us.
5	Great deals, great food!  Went there for HH before the Dry River Yacht Club show at the Flour Mill.  $3 off draft beers and wine specials.  Try the Chorizo Stuffed Bacon Wrapped Dates...amazing!  The Short Rib Street Tacos were excellent as well.  Perfect spot to start a night in Tempe.
5	What a cool spot! We weren't looking for a big/heavy dinner and this place was spot on! We went on the recommendation of a friend - perfect spot!Jessie took great care of us, didn't flinch when we asked about mocktails/non alcoholic drinks. When a party at the bar was standing a little too close to our table (nothing quite like turning your head and looking at someone's butt less than a foot away), he asked if I was uncomfortable and then asked the offending party to move. We ordered 3 appetizers - nachos, quesadillas and shrimp/calamari - all were delicious! The staff was on it from the minute we walked in and we were well taken care of. I don't know if we'd go during the hot summer but, for a beautiful spring evening, it was perfect!
4	4 stars for location and maybe 3 for food. Drink specials weren't amazing but not bad either. The location is what makes this place - right outside Monti's in a great patio. We went before a concert and had a few drinks and some apps. The positives of the food were that you could get $5 tapas but they were pretty simple. Our favorite was the braised beef and chirizo on the sweet potato chip. It  was filling and tasty. The taco had braised beef but wasn't my favorite. It was really messy and just didn't taste as good. We also had the chicken lollipops which were different than i thought they would be - they were grilled chicken with franks red hot on top. Now don't get me wrong, that combo can't do anyone wrong, but for a restaurant/bar with that kind of rep, you would think they were the bone in wings, frenched and then presented differently. Call me whatever you want for that comment - just saying.Anyway, we will be back here anytime we are around since we did have fun, we had great service and it is a great patio. For the money, the food wasn't the worst but i would rather go somewhere else, even if it was a bit more money.
4	A friend and I came here last Friday night before going to the Summer's End Music Fest. The only disappointing part? I bought tickets to the music fest when I could have heard the entire concert from this bar! This place is right across from Tempe beach park. The bar is nice, much more modern than the inside of Monti's. The happy hour has some great food specials- many items for 7$ each. My friend and I shared the Texas toast slider things (really just a burger cut into 4 pieces) and the prime rib tacos. The tacos were yummy... fresh tasting with just enough spice. They were very meaty and overflowed with toppings... would definitely get again. The burger was also delicious. It was a burger on texas toast with bacon, roasted jalapeno, and fried onion straws.... how could that be bad? Additionally, they had a special for the weekend of 5$ margs, and they were solidly tasty margs. The service was attentive. I would certainly recommend!
