3	For all you brides-to-be out there, J Major's is worth a look. Let me start by saying this: they go by appointment only, so unless you want to chance going by there and hoping they are open, you should call ahead. They have a decent size selection of dresses by some of the well known designers, like Melissa Sweet and Lazaro to name a couple. I went in looking for jewelry and shoes, and I didn't find much (the selection is pretty small). Very nice shop though, well maintained with some pretty gowns to browse.
5	Well, I had a totally different experience here than Alessandra. But then again as a NY transplant, she's probably been blessed by myriads of options! For me, (a Raleigh-Durham gal), the commute to Charlotte was necessary, and utterly worth it for this absolute gem of a boutique. Most of the salons I hit up in Raleigh/Durham carried a small handful of designers, and nearly all of them had smaller gown selections than J. Majors. I typically felt the stores (if higher-end) were snobby, or (if lower-end) were helter-skelter disorganized and didn't pay enough attention. But J. Major's, so far, has done everything right to make my experience a positive, memorable, and fun one. And just when I thought I couldn't bear to try on another piece of rustling taffeta...I arrived for a 3pm appointment and was greeted by Ashley (is the absolute best, btw). She asked me to fill out my information on a card and asked me questions about the vision for the wedding and the gown. Then she took us on a tour of the store, giving excellent descriptions of each of the designers and what their lines offer. We got little tags to place on the dresses I wanted to try, and were given drinks (champagne, wine, water, soda whatever your preference) while I shuffled in and out of dresses. AND we were allowed to take as many photos as we pleased. HELLO, RALEIGH/DURHAM, are you taking note??The store is much larger, more inviting, and has more fitting rooms than any of the salons I tried in the Triangle. I wound up having several favorite gowns, and needing to narrow them down -- my 1-hour appointment lasted 3-and-a-half hours (actually 20 minutes after the store's closing time). But never did the staff rush or pressure me. Ashley was extremely patient and sweet and helpful (letting me know about all sorts of designer customization options, pinning stuff to show me variations on a gown, re-hanging the same gown 5x!).I sealed the deal on a dress here, and like them so much I'm planning to have my alterations done in-house (despite the commute to Charlotte). Down to the last detail, so far, these guys have been great. They even send you off with a mini bottle of champagne to celebrate your selection of The One; what's not to love?!
5	I got my wedding dress here and had a wonderful experience from day 1. You absolutely need an appointment since the boutique is small and they can only focus on a few people at a time.  They don't carry a lot of dresses/accessories- focusing mainly on quality over quantity. The store has a charming and upscale vibe with wonderful service.
3	Ah, the inevitable fall from grace. My dress arrived right on schedule and J Majors touched base to let me know. Since I don't live in Charlotte, they even offered to bring it to Raleigh and meet me somewhere for my first fitting (based on a schedule when one of their employees would be headed to Raleigh anyway). As it turned out, though, I was already planning to spend a weekend in Charlotte for a wedding, so I decided to just schedule an appointment at the store to come in for a first fitting. We agreed we'd do one fitting the day of my arrival and then another the following day. When I arrived, there was some confusion. My Sunday appointment was in the books, but not the Saturday appointment, so the tailor was not there. They have an Anna's Altererations store next door and grabbed someone from there to do the first round of measurements.The dress. I went into a fitting room, slipped it on, and nearly had a heart attack. It was HUGE. As in, if I let go of the top of the dress, the entire gown would slide off my body to the floor. It didn't fit anywhere -- not even on my ample hips! When I let J Majors take my measurements and order a size 8 (I'm a street size 0-2), it was in good faith that they are far more experienced than me with bridal sizes and fitting girls and that the dress would be a good fit. I even had to sign off on their disclaimer (that scares girls into ordering the suggested size or J Majors will not be held responsible if it's too small, etc.) The dress size was such a disaster, and I was already frustrated by their mistake in the schedule. But I was already in town, and what was I going to do -- refuse the gown and wait another 3 months for another one to be made? And create bad blood with the bridal salon? So I put my faith in Anna's Alterations. The girls at J Majors were nice enough to transport the gown to Anna's flagship store, which is elsewhere in Charlotte. And they also called her and explained the situation and made sure I could get the gown turned around that weekend while in town. Anna's is awesome and they did some speedy alterations and sized the gown down beautifully. But it also cost me $400! I have a feeling had J Majors correctly fitted me in the first place, I wouldn't have encountered nearly so much expense at the tailor.
5	I had such a fantastic appointment at JMajors that I signed up on yelp solely to write this review. First, I must acknowledge Ashley, the salesperson who helped me; she was INCREDIBLE. Not only was she really sweet and patient with me (and the group of five that showed up to watch) but she was super knowledgeable about each dress. For each dress I tried on, she knew every other color it was available in and exactly what details were optional when ordering from the designer or what could be easily removed or augmented in alterations. She was also very forthcoming about pricing, available discounts, cost of shipping, taxes, alterations, accessories, etc. Ashley was awesome at keeping a little distance to allow me and the group to really look at each dress without feeling rushed, but would appear at the perfect time if anyone had a question. The day after my appointment, my mom and I were out running errands and called about 20 minutes before we wanted to arrived at the store to ask if we could stop by just to take a second look at THE DRESS and a couple others I was still considering. I actually had the good fortune of speaking with Ashley on the phone and she told me they were really busy, but that they would do the best they could to accommodate us. When we arrived, Ashley had a dressing room ready for me with the three dresses already pulled from the racks and was just as sweet and helpful as she had been the day before. The store is a beautiful, big, open space with lots of natural light and the dresses are beautifully hanging in groups of about 10 or 12 around the perimeter of the floor. In addition to their selection of current dresses (which, from what I saw, ranged in price from about $1500 to $5000+) they have a little back room with off-the-rack, sample sale dresses ranging in price from about $300 to $1000. They also have a relatively small, but beautiful selection of jewelry, sashes, and other bridal-type accessories. There's an adjoining room with lots of really pretty little flower girl dresses and a varied selection of non-ugly bridesmaid dresses. I've tried on dresses at about six places now (including Kleinfeld in NYC and Bridals by Lori in Atlanta, for any Say Yes to the Dress fans out there) and none of them even came CLOSE to JMajors in terms of customer service. I felt so much more comfortable there than I had anywhere else. Also, their selection wasn't humongous, but it there was a lot of variety both in terms of style AND price. I found about 20 dresses worth trying on, and probably would have kept going or made a second appointment if #20 hadn't been THE ONE.If you're in the Charlotte area, or will be visiting before your wedding, I really think you must, must, absolutely MUST make an appointment.
1	This review is based not on an appointment but on my ability to not make an appointment. Just to be on the safe side I called stores to ensure that they had a few dresses in size 14 that I could try on. I was told at J. Majors that they only have 10's maybe a few 12's (street size 4-8). The excuse that "this is what they send us" is not a valid one. In my search for "the dress" I have been to quite a few stores that have selections for all sizes. A street size 10/12 is not large, yet J. Majors doesn't feel they need to have dresses for that size and cater to street sizes 4-8.
4	What a wonderful place!  I chomped on cake and perused the rows of wedding dresses while waiting for my consultant to finish her previous appointment (I got there early).  The staff have customer service down to an art and was extremely efficient at getting me dressed, assessed, and happy.Remember to call ahead of time to book an appointment (all nice bridal places worthy of your time will require one- I learned the hard way).  Don't have a vision of what you'd want to wear?  Not to worry, the atmosphere is inspiring enough!  Your consultant is equip to bedazzle you with some stock heels, necklaces, belts, and veils to help complete your look.Good job J Major's!
1	Reading all these other great reviews is just making me jealous and frustrated that our experience was such a far cry from magical.  My friend, the bride, was bubbling over with excitement for her appointment and had her mom and mother-in-law from out of town come all the way to help us pick her dream dress.We arrived on time for our appointment to a "Closed" sign and unmanned shop.  After being let in, the four of us waited patiently on the plush couches while four sales girls chatted with each other and on their cell phones absentmindedly -- ignoring us.  Finally one of the girls walked up, handed us a pile of blue discs and said "Just put these tags on the dresses you want to try on", then went back to her post chatting with her coworkers.No happy welcome.No tour.No explanation.No help picking dresses.No personalized questions to find her dream dress.No guidance.No smiles.The appointment was cold and we had the distinct impression that they didn't take our business seriously.  Our day felt deflated.Luckily, we ended up going straight to NY Bride and Groom where they gave us the personal joyful experience we were searching for, and the bride happily bought a dress the same day.
5	The J Majors experience was wonderful!  Thank you CJ and Staff!!LOVED my dress!!!
4	Came here with my cousin because she raved about it. I was from out of town. Didn't find anything great bridal dresses where I was from. Really cute store. Salesgirls greeted us and were very attentive. We were even aloud to have champagne in the store while looking for dresses. It was a really nice experience and I didn't feel pushed or pulled at all. Decent prices for great brand names. They do take a little while to answer the phone. But it is a small store and they are probably helping other clients. I actually ordered the dress I just fell in love with and had it shipped to me. The payments and invoiced were processed very professionally. The dress actually shipped earlier than expected. Looked amazing out of the box. The material looked great and sewed well. They have me a nice large garment bag. Wedding is months away but I will keep it in a dark airey closet. Like they said I could untiil I bring it for alterations where I live. A store def. worth checking out.
5	My experience was  absolutely incredible and everything I had hoped for! When I first walked in I was greeted my multiple saleswomen. I was asked to fill out a card with some basic information. Next Carly Jo introduced herself and gave me a tour of every designer J. Major carries. She knew the history of each designer and knew a lot about the exact fabrics and design process. Carly Jo was EXTREMELY knowledgeable and I would recommend her to anyone and everyone! Next I was given tags to place on the first 8 dresses I wanted to try on. After seeing each of these Carly Jo also had some suggestions of similar dresses I may have met. The six dress I tried on I absolutely fell in love with and couldn't be happier! She was very friendly and personable. She even said she just wanted me to be happy! Also while trying a new dress the boutique had just gotten in on the owner came over and complimented me. She was extremely nice and wonderful also! The entire process fulfilled all my hopes and dreams. Thank You J. Major for making my experience absolutely perfect! And thank you Carly Jo for being so helpful!!
5	I purchased my wedding dress from J Majors and couldn't have been happier with it!  The store is very cute and the sales staff is super friendly and attentive.  The associate who helped me even picked out the dress that I eventually bought.  I would have completely passed it over!  They also called as soon as my dress came in and pressed it for me just days before the wedding.  I would recommend anyone looking for a wedding dress in the Charlotte area!
5	The team at J. Major's are fantastic! From my first bridal session to each fitting to bridesmaid dress shopping, they were friendly and knowledgeable about all my requests.  They were extremely accommodating when I frequently stopped into the studio to match accessories to the dress.  This excellent service continued right through my wedding day.  I love my dress and was so excited to wear the dress of my dreams on my wedding day!  Thank you J. Majors!
3	Ugh! I hate trying on dresses. However, I won't let those thoughts be the drive behind the missing two stars. The good:Very attentive, knowledgeable and personable staff. The store is open and not overwhelming. The lady (I forget her name) provided some good information to search for dresses that fit my style (bohemian/vintage). For anyone reading this review and interested in the same style, check out ModCloth. (she didn't recommend this, but I've seen some really good AND affordable bridal dresses on there)The bad:For a boutique there wasn't enough merchandise. However, it is a boutique, but I felt I was left without options. By no means at the fault of the staff, but I felt restricted to certain styles. At that point, I was merely trying on dresses just to see what looked good on my body. Also, there were a lot of stains on the dresses (make-up, dirt). Ewwww... I almost didn't want to put them on because of this. Perhaps they should look into cleaning them a little more often. Bottom Line: If you are a traditional or somewhat traditional bride and smaller than a 10, this may be the store for you.
5	I was in the charlotte area yesterday and just happened to YElP bridal shops and after a visit to David's bridal with no luck I decided to try J Majors with my mom, cousin and aunt. We didn't have an appointment and I was so pleased they allowed me to come in and try on dresses. We were assisted right away and given a tour. The whole experience was magical and I absolutely felt like a princess when leaving. I did not have intentions of buying a dress when I visited but after trying on many I found my dress a beautiful bohemian dress that's perfect for my beach wedding in the Florida keys. Erin assisted me and she was such a pleasure. Erin was so sweet and not pushy at all. She helped me and was there when I needed her and allowed for it to be my special day:). Erin allowed me to put on so many different dresses and then when I narrowed it down to two she helped as I went back and forth trying them on. Not once did anyone seem annoyed or not wanting to help us even though we didn't have an appointment. They fitted me and made me feel like a princess and I definitely recommend J Majors to anyone looking for a beautiful dress:). Thanks J Majors for making my experience truly memorable !!
2	My best friend bought her gorgeous wedding dress here. I wasn't able to be there the weekend she went dress shopping so when I came in town this weekend for her birthday she wanted to take me there so she could try it on for me. It was a Saturday and we weren't sure id they'd be busy so we called to see if they could go ahead and pull it so it would be ready for her to try on once we arrived. After calling three times, someone finally answered the phone and said sure that'd be no problem.Once we got there no one greeted us, so we walked to the desk where two people were sitting doing absolutely nothing (one was eating). Even then neither said a word! So I spoke to tell them w had called etc and while I was explaining another employee walked by and heard me talking and asked if we called, I said yes, and she said yeh we have the dress back here, pulled, waiting for you. Great! So she takes my friend back and I sit in a chair to wait to see her in her gown. Well the lady leaves, so I have to go back and help her zip her dress, uhhh, that was a little crazy to me. I zip it, go back to the chair so I can see her walk out. She looked gorgeous in it. I asked her about veils and had she tried any on and she said no, so again I tracked someone down to help us with veils. She brings us two and then leaves.They also sale bridesmaid dresses so we went to look at those bc shes back and forth about the color scheme she wants. No one comes to offer help with that either. Theres ANOTHER employee over there literally just straightening out the dresses, does she ask if we need any help? NO! We grabbed a couple just to see the color next to the brides dress, struggling to take pictures while holding dresses up, any help? Nope.My gf told me they've had bad customer service throughout her entire process. She said every time they say they're going to call when somethings done, they dont. She leaves messages bc they never answer their phone and they dont call her back. And I got to see first hand how horrible it was. She, nor any of her bridesmaids will be giving them another penny. Horrible customer service. This is a BRIDAL boutique, soon to be brides should be doted on and made to feel special, not ignored.
4	I may be reviewing a little too soon, but here it goes.J Majors had it easy when I walked in to buy a dress that I knew I wanted.  They didn't have it in the store, but like I said, I knew I wanted THAT dress.  So they measured me and ordered a size in accordance with my measurements.  I paid and walked out.  I received a follow up email confirming my purchase and estimated delivery date.  Well, my dress came in super fast and they had me come in and try it on soon after it arrived.  I probably pranced around the store in my gown for an hour.  They were sweet and just let me do it - while showering me with compliments, and what bride doesn't love that?  I took off the gown and left it at the store.  It fits like a glove so I do not need any alterations.  My mom has not seen the gown so I scheduled another appointment for her to see it.  They scheduled me for a Saturday appointment.  I imagine Saturdays are busy with brides coming in to purchase a gown, but me?  I have paid in full, and they do not need me anymore, but they are still so accommodating and nice.  On top of them being super nice - the shop is just adorable.  Let me just say that those dresses in there are stunning.  While I am head over heels in love with my dress, I have a wandering eye every time I go in!  They have unique, gorgeous dresses at all price points.  The store is airy and charming and I would recommend it to any bride :)
