4	Small and humble Canadian resto. My friend and I started off with onion rings. They were crispy and came with about 6 or 7 of them. I only have one complaint which is the waitress didn't give us a dish to put ketchup to dip the rings in.  Other than that, the rings were perfect. My friend had the pork pate chinois, it was a giant square portion. Delicious! The layers were nicely done. I had the bbq pork sandwich and it had a slightly sweet taste. It was really well done. The portion size didn't seem too large, but in the end I felt really full. Too full. So did my friend. Probably because we had a glass of beer to go with it. Service was excellent. Waitress was incredibly attentive. She came to our table to check up on us a few times. Very friendly and warm.
5	Are you a tourist in Montreal? You gotta try this place before you leave.This place serves Poutine, a unique French Canadian dish. You got to try it at least once before you leave Quebec. It is French fries, topped with gravy and cheese. It taste better then it sounds.
4	We ordered a dish that was similar to a Shepherd's pie and was excellent.  If you are visiting from the Midwestern US, think of it as a gourmet hot dish.  Great food at a great price, and also located on a great street for evening drinks and walking.  I'd go back again on another visit to Montreal.
5	Mache! A small but wonderful resto on St.-Denis, open on Sunday (very important since it seems like Montreal closes on Sunday)... and one place on a short list of places to go if you're a tourist. They offer multiple poutines, which a prior reviewer agrees is something you must try. It's much better than it sounds, especially if you have one of the ones with meat in it. It's like a full meal. Great service. Merci from this "anglophone"
4	A very charming little restaurant in the midst of Rue Saint-Denis.  Somehow it worked out that two people ate dinner here for under $20! (Our boozey digestif was to be gotten elsewhere, though Mache, of course, also serves beer.)The food we had here was exactly appropriate for our last night in Montreal - comforting, classic Quebecois. The "Le Spicy" pate-chinois ($11) is, for all intents and purposes, Shepherd's Pie. It came straight out of the oven with the ceramic still radiating heat. Under the mashed potato layer was ground beef and corn studded with tiny slices of merguez. Not the prettiest thing to look at, but delicious. The entire time you're eating, you're thinking: "yummy yummy in my tummy..." We also had the "a l'effiloche de porc" poutine (pulled pork), which arrived hot and piled high in a steel bowl. This was on "happy hour" special for $7 instead of $9. Compared to our other poutine experiences, it was somewhat more conservative with the cheese curds and VERY liberal with the gravy - every fry down to the bottom was saturated. Somehow this dish stayed hot throughout its time being eaten - thank god because cold gravy is revolting. I might not run the risk of ordering it next time.Given the nature of the food, the portion sizes are pretty random - a woman sitting near me also ordered a pate chinois and hers was practically rising out of her bowl.  Another table nearby had an order of battered onion rings which looked amazing. (Apparently, filled with potato and meat, I still eye other people's food...)Service was fine; the two waitresses on the floor were a bit short and frenzied because literally the entire restaurant ordered at the same time. We came at 6pm on a Saturday and just made it before the rush - during our meal, at least 8 parties were turned away because the tables were full.  The dining room can probably sit no more than 45 people total (not including the 4 or 5 outdoor cafe tables). Reservations strongly recommended.For such a tiny space, they have several large tables and are able (and willing) to accommodate large groups of up to 12. But make that reservation!
4	I was with my fiance on St-Denis Street and walked in a Second Cup coffee shop to WiFi my way to a close good spot for lunch, Mache seemed like the perfect choice.     Seat yourself where you would like and there are Creative ski coat racks to hang the outerwear on. There was a steady stream of happy diners leaving , I overheard the guy say how amazing the Mac and Cheese was, but I wasn't in the mood for the richness.      The decor in the very small resto seemed appropriate and efficient , the waitress was very nice bilingual and helped answer any questions I had.  I chose the Hamburger Steak (12$) under "Les Meals" its Onions, Garlic, Peas, and House Gravy on top.  It was good a bit too salty for me . I was in the mood for Fries so I upgraded the mashed potatoes for an extra charge(2$). The fries were crispy Golden brown and very good.     My Fiance had the Burger "Gros Beef" (11$), its Beef and Onion Rings, Tomatoes, Lettuce, Ketchup,  Mayo, Fries. He had Up charged the Poutine for Fries ($4 extra). It reminded me of a Big Mac for some reason and he ordered the Burger without the Mayo It was tasty delicious and huge I took Pics. The Poutine had a great poutine sauce and the cheese was curd standard poutine goodness and it was a nice portion too for a side. Great Service, cute place, Good food, and people watching, we left satisfied.
3	Cool little basement spot on St-Denis, perfect for the wandering tourist looking to try out poutine. How was the poutine? I wasn't impressed. Wait, you're in Washington? What do you know about poutine? I'm a Quebecois-expat having lived in the US for 7 years. I taught marketing research in college, and asked my students to study the market potential for opening a poutinerie in Pennsylvania (I know - best term project ever!). Whenever I come back home for the holidays, I make a point of trying 1 or 3 poutines a day. I love poutine. Yesterday, I stopped at Mache. I normally prefer to try original poutines without all the toppings, but decided to try Mache's Hommage a Quebec - hot dog sausage, spicy sauce (instead of gravy), fries, extra cheese at the bottom. The poutine was just as described. 2 full sausage links were added (grilled was a nice touch). The sauce had a tiny kick to it (not spicy by any standard) and the consistency of gravy. The cheese was the standard curds (but cold, certainly not fresh). The fries were excellent, appropriately "blanchies". Everything served in a nice bowl, and extra cheese at the bottom. It wasn't a bad poutine, and is certainly better than most eateries in the area (e.g. la paryse, mcdonalds !!) but I wasn't amazed. Despite the great service, there are too many poutines to try for me to ever want to go back there. And please, only filtered coffee for a little bistro? Get an espresso machine,  nespresso or heck even Keurig. The coffee was gross.
4	Very nice little spot. The french fries were particularly well cooked, the hamburger was big on flavour. The pulled pork was a bit sweet for me, personally, but enjoyed a great dinner, good service and the location. Poutine was pretty good as well, especially considering that their fries were crunchy and well cooked in the first place.
5	Awesome establishment!Was visiting the neighborhood for BEB 2013. Heard many great things about the infamous POUTINE FRIES...so I had to give it a go. The servers and staff were all very kind and they gladly introduced us to their menu since we were all from California. We ordered: -Le Trio (ground beef, veal, and pork, onions, celery, corn, mashed potato)-BBP (ground beef, briased bacon, green peas, cheese, house gravy)-au "Smoked meat" maison (house roasted corned beef, caramelized onions, cheese, house gravy-le Macaroni Coehon (fusili, 6 cheese sauce, hot dog sausages, merguez, sausages, braised bacon, caramelized onions)From a first time experience...it was Awesome! There just something about combining cheese curds, gravy, french fries, and a choice of protein. Something about that culinary combination is heavenly. At first...I thought it would be quite easy to replicate at home...but I failed!Mac and Cheese was delish! I think that was the first order that we completely finishedOverall...service, food, quality, vibe, environment were a PLUS for me!IF YOUR EVER IN THE MONTREAL AREA...getting POUTINE FRIES IS A MUST!WELL RECOMMENDED!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
4	Went there for lunch and had the pulled pork grilled sandwich...it was very moist, tasty and good.   The bread was grilled, but not panini style.    The fries were hand cut and somewhat crispy.We got a table outside and it was nice watching the people go by ....
5	Wow, so glad we stopped at this place when we visited Montreal.  This place has some LEGIT poutine fries!  I had poutine a few times in our short trip, and this place by far exceeded the others.  I didn't really care for poutine before visiting this place, but my mind is now forever changed.  If I ever came back to Montreal, and hopefully I will sometime, I will definitely revisit this place.The other stuff on the menu was equally good, but since its been over month since my visit, I can only really remember the poutine.
3	Nice little spot. Had the classic poutine and the pate legumes (something or other), which was quite good and interesting in composition. Fairly large portions. The sangria wasn't bad either. There's decent outdoor seating and pretty friendly staff. We went there for lunch, arriving right when it opened on a Friday. It filled up within an hour of opening, I'm guessing because of Osheaga.
3	Good food and value.  We loved the sausage sandwich and fries.  The poutine with the pork was tasty, but probably would have been better separate  as the pork made the potatoes very soggy. I would go back if it was convenient.
5	My sister and I visited Montreal for her 18th birthday.  On the second night there I took her here (trying to make up for the first night's terrible choice of a restaurant!).  This restaurant was INCREDIBLE.  All we did was split a poutine.  It was a ginormous portion and SO delicious.  They have so many different choices of poutines and delicious sounding sandwiches.  Next time we are in Montreal we will absolutely be visiting here again! GET THE POUTINE! Also great service! Very nice waitress, she told us where to go for a drink afterwards and dancing.
3	this charming little diner on st. denis is the perfect spot to slip into while you're dodging panhandlers speaking in french. ;-) just kidding. st. denis is a neat part of town.this place purports to be comfort food. we went specifically to experience poutine for the first time. i've only had poutine once so i can't exactly say i know if it was authentic or i dunno, decent. it tasted pretty good to me.i ordered something from the les pates chinois section thinking it'd be some kind of asian thing (the p't v...) specifically. it wasn't. it was more like a shepherd pie: corn, ground beef, mashed potatoes. good though. served piping hot.their chalkboard menu is pretty cool but for some reason touts sapporo beer. i skipped that suggestion and went with the local draft. the boreale! the rousse (amber?) was REALLY good.
3	A good place to stop if you're on St. Denis and want a good sandwich, fries and a beer.
4	There's a few things that are necessary in life to make a cold winter bearable. A well-made wool sweater is one, hot beverages is another, but one that always hits the spot is comfort food.Located on St. Denis, Mache serves up Pate Chinois (Quebecois version of Shepherds Pie), Poutine, and other local comfort food.I tried the "New Style" pate, mainly to see how pulled pork faired in this fashion. I must say, it's quite good. The portions were spot on, the pulled pork wasn't over done or dry. I liked how there were leeks in there, to add a bit of different texture in the pate. I think something like celery or even diced carrots would be a welcome addition...something crunchy would've sent this dish to almost perfection.I'll have to come back to try some of the other interesting fare they have here.Highly recommend this place!
3	The food was A-OK, the service was A-OK, prices were reasonable, a solid three stars.I liked that they had both Boreale beer on tap and a high chair available for small children. I appreciated that the server was willing to speak English with our out-of-town friends.I disliked that there was a TV in the restaurant. They were showing the food channel and, as the 3-yr old in our group kept commenting, "ewwww, gross." I would have liked some vegetables with my meal.
5	I'm always satisfied when I come to this place! Low prices for Delicious meal! The Deluxe and the grosbeef  sandwiches are amazing with full of flavours! As for the poutine I would go for the spicy, it awakens all of your senses!
5	Had a special Poutine there and my partner had the Mac and Cheese. Both were delicious.  The poutine was huge and had a ton of cheese in it.  The mac and cheese was a decent portion.  Would recommand reserving since there aren't a lot of tables.  Very friendly staff, would go back for a cheap and quick diner!
5	Innovative and interesting!
5	Had dinner here on our last day in Montreal.  The poutine was the best (in our four poutine meals in Montreal), as our shepherd's pies.   Carlo, our host/waiter was extrememly friendly and service was excellent.
5	Overall :Mache! was a perfect lunch on a rainy day.  The food, service, and prices were great and our meal lasted just long enough to pass the storm.  Normally I'd say it's not worth going out of your way for BUT as I mention below, the poutine was enough to knock it up to 5 stars!Food :My partner and I split an order of the poutine, which was the single best "traditional" poutine we had while in Montreal.  The gravy was perfect and there was just enough cheese.  We both tried the shepherd's pie (which was labeled in a way I think translates to Chinese pie?)  I had the Trio which was so delicious - the meat was spiced perfectly, it didn't need even a pinch of salt.  The potato was enough to compliment the flavor without overwhelming it.  My partner had the vegetarian pie which she really enjoyed.  She commented on the texture and the inclusion of eggplant with skin, and after trying some I'll say it was pretty good.  Boreale on tap isn't uncommon in Montreal, but it was perfect to round out the meal.Service :Our waiter was really friendly, moreso than most anyone else who served us in Montreal.  He chatted with us a little near the end and he answered our questions really well, and overall was obviously concerned that we have a good time.Decor / Price :  I thought the decor for Mache! was cute.  I really liked the blackboard menu and as I remember there was some really nifty lighting inside on the side wall.  I also want to comment that of everywhere we ate in Montreal this place was the cheapest, for what ended up being a lot of food!
4	It's a chillax place with an interesting menu.They r creative and nice, try it out.
4	YUM.This place is fantastic. Pork, pork, pork and more pork - with some excellent twists!I've been twice and food has been excellent both times. Their poutine is the best I've had, and on my most recent visit I tried ''le porc'' which, although being slightly heavy on the corn, was delicious. As others have noted, it really did resemble a shepherds pie made with pork!I already can't wait for my next visit and I know exactly what I'm going to try - 'Le Deluxe' sandwich. Just read the description - 48 hour marinaded BBQ pulled pork,with bacon and caramelised onions - if this doesn't in itself justify a return trip to Montreal, nothing will!I must add that our server was probably the nicest, friendliest, most genuine waitress I have ever encountered. So friendly, smiley and helpful. We arrived in Mache having walked out, disgusted, from a nearby competitor and our server's friendliness and bubbliness completely changed our moods instantly. She randomly decided not to charge us for my coke, for no apparent reason, and upon overhearing my bf mentioning that it was my birthday, gave us a free dessert of our choice. We went with the double chocolate brownie and it.was.SUPERB. I'm still thinking about it. Easily one of the warmest, gooiest, over the top rich chocolatey marvels I've ever had!!!Few restaurants are perfect though, and I'm deducting a star from Mache as they couldn't accommodate my request (for my initial choice, le ''New Style'') to substitute sweet potatoes for regular mashed potatoes . The reason being that the dish had been already ''made like that''. That sort of sucks. I don't expect entire meals in restaurants to be pre-made and just waiting to be heated up.That being said, the bottom line here is that the food tastes great, and the service is unbeatable. Will definitely return.
4	The poutine was great. I had the normal poutine, and the cheese curds were still squeaky which is a plus! The smell of smoked pork could be smelled from the outside, and it had me wishing I got the pulled pork poutine instead. The prices for poutine were the most fair I saw during my visit to Montreal. Service was good, and the menu is both in English and French. The interior is very urban and modern, and the location is great, right in the heart of Quartier Latin. I will back when I visit Montreal again.
4	Came in late last August and had the Classique along with some Boreale on tap. Food was tasty if very heavy and the beer was great but the service was tops - our waitress seated and served us quickly, my date and I were tired from the long drive and check-in process and she took good care of us and told us to try two different varieties of Boreale (I loved the Red!). The gravy was perfect and the curds were delicious - this was the best poutine that I sampled in Montreal.
