5	Dr. Hiatt performed the LASEK surgeory on my horrible eyes.I have had bad vision since I could remember, in fact I still remember I got my first pair of glasses at age 10 and it changed my world. I never knew you could actually see the individual leaves on trees from ten feet away. I got my first pair of contacts at age 12.My first interest in corrective surgeory took place while in high school but was quickly shot down over the concerns I saw from a Dateline special.It wasnt until I ran into a friend who had the procedure done before I was able to ask him about the experience and his own level of satisfaction before I sparked an interest. He explained the time and effort he had made in researching the best place to get the surgeory. Swagel Wootton Hiatt was his place of choice. and so I went in and started looking into it.The people at S.W.H Eye Center were very professional, extremely informative about the process and risk. They made me sit down and take a test over the material I studied prior to even scheduling an appointment to know whether it would be possible for me to have the procedure.I am in my second year after the surgeory and feel that this is one of the best things I have ever spent money on. My level of satisfaction has never been in question. My favorite is watching people struggle or complain about their contacts knowing that I no longer have to worry about that.Thank you Dr Hiatt for the great vision!
4	Mom went for cataract surgery over the last two months (one in June, the other last week), and it was a quick and easy experience. The wait was longer than the actual surgery, but what can you do. They were all very nice and supportive.
5	I went to Swagel Wootton Hiatt eye center at the advice of a close friend of mine. I have always been prone to eye infections and I wouldn't my vision to just "anyone". I made an appointment with Dr. McGehee for an early morning. I was able to do the patient paperwork online, which is helpful when someone (like myself) is busy. All of the staff was very professional and courteous. The office was also exceptionally clean (shouldn't it be this way for all Drs offices? Sadly not true). Dr. McGehee saw me in a timely manner and was very patient in educating me about my eyes. He also explained how they do eye exams on children. I was even able to see Dr Hiatt who was very friendly and able to answer all my questions about my vision. I would definitely recommend Swagel Wootton Hiatt to my friends and family!
5	This review is for Dr. McGehee. My family has been going to him exclusively for 10 years, he is the absolute best!  As of recent the appointments feel more rushed, I'm not sure if it is due to their scheduling strategy or what, but his chair side manner is still top notch!
