4	OK, where are all the peeps?  This place is empty, and that is fine by me.1.  Normally buy my running shoes at Village Runner.2.  However, last pair, I did not get support I needed as it supported supination too much.3.  I did not know what was wrong.4.  At Foot Solutions, they will analyze your walk and etc and get you into the right shoes.  I am very happy with my current pair.5. Pricing - Okay, perhaps 7-8 % more expensive than Amazon, yet Amazon cannot analyze what you need in a shoe.6.  Selection - small but enough.  7.  Service - this is the key. You can buy shoes from everywhere and for cheap. Getting the RIGHT shoe for you is difficult and this is where Foot Solutions is on top of their game.Go for it.
5	Great service.  These people know what they are doing when it comes to foot health.  I work on my feet all day - and they are HAPPY FEET now!!  Thanks DeWitt!!!
4	My wife needed new shoes and Foot Solutions in Summerlin had closed.  We went here yesterday and she got the shoes she wanted.  The person who helped her was very thorough and professional.When I checked in on Yelp, I saw there was a Yelp deal.  It turns out to be a $15 discount on what you buy.  When I knew she had found something she wanted, I bought the deal and redeemed it a few minutes later!  Pretty slick, Yelp and good advertising Foot Solutions.One other thing, we were told that this store was in a plaza 1/2 mile from where it really was.  When I couldn't find it in the first mall, I pulled it up on Yelp and I let the map lead me there.All in all, I'm a fan.
5	Great service! All the employees are very knowledgable! Owners are the nicest people and so great with customers! I got custom orthotics made in the store and they were finished 30 min later! It was a fast and easy process! They were able to fix all the pains and problems with my feet! GREAT PLACE!!!!
5	I love the joya shoes very comfortable.  I love this family owned store. Awesome comfortable shoes
4	After a negative one star experience with Apache Foot & Ankle Specialists I made a beeline to Foot Solutions of Las Vegas. I close off my Fort Apache Foot and Ankle Specialists review discussing Dr. Wittenberg refusing to create an ankle support for my left foit until I visit a Neurologist to examine a hereditary condition that causes tremors on the left side of my body. I made the most of his diagnosis for Plantar Fasciitis by visiting Foot Solutions of Las Vegas for othodics. This would be FAR LESS $ than visiting a neurologist for a generic condition that is most likely untreatable. As I write this, Dr. Wittenberg's Henderson practice did not have an X-ray machine causing me to think that the Plantar Fasciitis diagnosis is a band aid solution. The Daniel S-pectation:   I expected a small shop specializing in shoes and over the counter othodics for the heel. I also expected professional service. The Daniel S Report of his experience :   Foot solutions is located in the southwest corner of Eastern at Horizon Ridge in the former out of business Albertson's shopping plaza by Panda Express and KFC. When I stepped my poor left foot inside Foot Solutions of Nevada, DeWitt who was attentativly helping a customer, greeted me at the same time he let me know that he'd help me soon. I could understand why the shop is busy. They sell footwear and over the counter othodics for Plantar Fasciitis sufferers.   This report is a shout out to DeWitt. He went over and above to help the customer before me and myself. He had suffered from Plantar Fasciitis himself and understood the pain of this foot ailment. He measured both feet before placing othodics for me to try on. The second othodics he placed on my feet felt much better. They are green superfeet that fit into my New Balance sneakers. They seem to be an improvement on my feet until I return to a professional podiatrist for an x-ray (sorry Dr. Wittenberg of Apache Foot and Ankle) and not a neurologist (unless a professional podiatrist directs me to one). DeWitt might of gave me the gift of walking without a limp until the Plantar Fasciitis God willingly heals. Chances of a future Daniel. S check-in here:    The supergreen arch support is supposed to last the duration of my footwear. $43.23 is a fair price to pay if it repudiates the foot pain. My only concern is that I might have another ailment that an x-ray and not neurologist could diagnose. If I don't return for the above reason, I recommend Foot Solutions with a visit to a professional podiatrist for Plantar  Fasciitis footwear.
5	Super service. Very nice. Took the time to measure my feet, suggest a pair other than what I intended to purchase: and they were right. Great fit. Very pleased. Now my go-to place for shoes.
