3	I've dropped in twice to their new location in the Villager Mall and sampled the apple turnover ($2) and a coconut cake doughnut ($1).  The massive apple turnover was just OK.  Liked the flaky pastry, but the apple filling could use some more cinnamon or nutmeg - I found it a little bland.The coconut cake doughnut was much better.  It was still remarkably fresh at 4PM in the afternoon.  There was nice textural contrast between the moist interior and the cakey exterior.  Just the right amount of sweet.  It was very similar in taste to the cake doughnuts at Greenbush Bakery (a good thing).While the staff is as friendly as they were in the old location, they are still learning the how to use the cash register.  During checkout on both my visits, the cashier just stared at the register for about 45 seconds trying to figure out what key it press.  It doesn't help that there are no prices listed anywhere in the bakery (there is a price list for beverages).I have not had the chance to try any of the coffee drinks yet.The interior is clean, but a little sterile.  I'm sure it will acquire a homier vibe once the business gets more established in its new location.  Free wi-fi is a plus.
5	Lane's is back!  Went in last week and bought a couple of dozen for the office.  Everyone raved.  Since we moved to town in '05 Lane's has been my favorite bakery for quality of product and service and I'm happy they reopened.
5	Lane's by FAR has the best donuts in Madison.  And the best prices.  Less than a dollar for many of the donuts.  Try the persian with chopped peanuts on top.  The cake donuts are perfect too.  Really, you can't go wrong with any of them.  And at a fair price - all the other places that sell donuts in town are overpriced and inferior quality, in my opinion.The cookies are a little expensive but quite tasty.  They were out of my son's favorite donuts when we last went and he really liked the cookie sample.  The woman behind the counter said we could just take the sample box home for free!  Everyone that works here is super nice and doesn't mind when I ask them a million questions about the flavors.  I will continue to support this local business forever!!! So happy they reopened!
2	I wasn't too impressed by Lane's. They have a decent selection, but their prices and quality weren't great. I ordered a caramel latte that was advertised as their drink special, but it tasted like they used a mix instead of real coffee beans. And the drink was very watered down. Not something I want to pay $3 for! The second time I went, I got a cappuccino which seriously tasted like garbage. It tastes like the cappuccinos you get from those machines in gas stations. I also ordered a double shot espresso to go, and they initially said they couldn't do plain espresso to go. What?? You just put it in a regular size cup. So yeah, the barista was kind of incompetent and seemed very inexperienced. I got two danishes as well, both of which tasted all right and were moist enough, but certainly nothing special. They were one step up from gas-station pastries. Sorry, another gas station comparison. Donuts are good though.What I did like about Lane's was that the inside is quite large, and they have many pre-made cakes. They also have numerous things you can sample as well as a large selection of baked items. Lane's seems like it'd be a great place to take kids, as they had some Sesame Street themed cookies and other fun decorated baked goods, but overall their taste and quality were not impressive. I really wanted to love this place. But the coffee was what did it for me. I can tolerate mediocre baked goods, but if you're going to serve crappy tasting coffee, it's a deal breaker.
5	Holy cow get here early. I have tried almost everything and aside from a slight expansion in the waistline everything is awesome. Premium donuts are to die for.
3	Lanes Bakery is a great local spot for pastries and classic desserts. As soon as you walk in, youre welcomed by freshly baking goodies. The sale almost every kind of pastry you can imagine including croissants.  The staff is extremely nice and warn hearted.  If you need a quick donut for breakfast to kick start your day, Lanes Bakery is a great choice.
5	The best donuts ever. Especially if you get one that is just fresh.
4	I've been a Lane's fan for about 15 years or more.  And their new location hasn't changed my opinion!  The donuts are great and reasonably priced.  My favorite is the chocolate cream-filled (some call it a chocolate Bismarck) but their new creation -- the cronut is also fantastic!  Part croissant and part donut, it's sweet on the outside with buttery layers inside.  Yum.  I'm also pretty happy with the sprinkled cake donuts and pumpkin cake donuts that they make in the fall.  And then there are the kringles and cookies.  During the summer, they had outdoor tables so you could enjoy your donut outside in the sunshine, which was great.  The only weak point is the coffee, but at least it's not too expensive and a little cream helps a lot!
2	Lane's has wonderful cookies and donuts, but what drops it from a 4/5 star review is the service.  I usually stop in on my way to visit family and bring them some treats, as well as pick up something for myself to eat and drink.  This most recent visit was the first I had tried something from the drink menu and I was not impressed.  I should have went to McDonald's and got a better tasting drink at a more reasonable price.  The service if you aren't a regular there isn't the friendliest or the most prompt.  I ordered my drink and some treats.  The person who took my order took her time informing me that the person who would make my drink was in the back getting a cake for another customer.  That was something I would have appreciated knowing when I ordered because I had been waiting for over five minutes by then.  Another customer, an older woman, who must have been a regular came in.  The person's whole demeanor changed - she was friendly and helpful.  At this point, I'm getting annoyed waiting for my drink while the customer who is it for can't get off his cell phone.  I hope that maybe the customer service improves because I'm not sure I will be making another special trip to Lane's in the future.
5	The best donuts in Madison, hands down.  The chocolate cream filled and the Persian are my favorites, but they are all very tasty.  Their cakes, especially the whipped cream cakes, are also really good and very affordable.
2	I had my wedding cake made at Lane's, as everyone raved about their cakes.  While it was beautiful and tasty,it wasn't what was ordered.  I never complained, as what was the point.  Also, the person that took the order was a jerk.  I have always thought that she intentionally ruined the order.  I don't recommend it for special cake orders.
