1	UPDATE: I mailed the product in to the manufacturer and they confirmed that it was in fact defective.  So High Roller sold me a malfunctioning product.This is a long review but if you are thinking about visiting this shop, you will be happy you read it. So I implore you to do so:If I could give this shop 0 stars I would.  This business (if I can call even call it that) is one of the most illegitimate and unprofessional organizations I have ever dealt with. If you are reading this, DO NOT GO there unless you want to be ripped off or deal with extreme frustration.  I am in the process of reporting the business to the Better Business Bureau. To make a long story short, I purchased a product there that was sold to me at a 125% premium. They charged more than twice the retail price and acted like they were giving me a good deal. So if you buy anything from there, chances are you will be overpaying. I implore you to check out other more legitimate shops around the area before they rip you off at High Rollers Smoke Shop.Furthermore, the product that I bought didn't even work (OVERPRICED + DEFECTIVE = DISASTER).  I should have realized that they were selling me crap when the box was unsealed. I contacted the manufacturer of the product and they told me that the box should have been sealed. So this company apparently takes products our of their original packaging than tries to sell them.  When I found out that the product didn't work, compounded with the fact that I had paid more than twice the retail price for it, I attempted to return it.  The guy working the register was very rude, and kept insisting that the product worked.  I told him to try it himself, but he refused.  How in the world can you claim a product works, then refuse to even try it and verify this claim?  It makes no sense but this is what happened.  He wouldn't even give me an even exchange, which is essentially an admission of guilt that he sold me a defective product.  I didn't have time to argue with him because I had to catch a flight. I told him I was not going to let this go until I got my money back and he laughed at me nonchalantly. I went home and called the store again, asking to speak to a manager. I figured that any legitimate manager and/or owner would not let such horrible business practices carry on, considering that they could result in unfavorable legal ramifications.  Unfortunately, the same guy who sold me the product picked up and paraded himself as the manager. He then hung up on me.  As you are reading this, I want you to think of all the businesses that you have made transactions with.  Have any sold you defective products at more than twice the cost, refused to let you return or exchange them with no explanation, refused to even attempt to verify whether or not they're defective, and then hung up on you when you tried to speak to a manager?I called one of their sister shops and explained the situation. I then asked to speak to the owner. The guy who picked up seemed sympathetic to my situation, and said he would contact the owner, explain the situation, and get back to me later. I called him the next day and he told me that I should have been given an even exchange, but because I was now on the other side of the country, this couldn't be done. I then said I would mail it back, and in response, the guy said that the owner would not let me do so because the exchange had to be done in person. So then, calling his bluff, I said I would return it in person.  The employee then started to stutter and said that they would not be able to exchange the product.  So what did the owner actually say? I figured that any legitimate owner would want to keep their customers satisfied especially in the age of the internet and social media.  I asked what the owner had actually said and the employee changed the owner's "answer" from allowing me an even exchange in person to saying that nothing could be done. I then asked whether I could quote the employee as stating the owner's official response.  The employee then put his foot in his mouth and backtracked.  Next, he said that he "didn't remember" what the owner had said, implying that he hadn't talked to him yet and was making up the owner's responses.  I mean...really?  I then told him that if the owner is eventually going to have to bare the brunt of the consequences, he should at least be made aware of what is going on and be allowed to make an executive decision about how he wants to handle the potential return/exchange of  a clearly defective product sold in an unsealed box.  The employee said to call back in 5 minutes after he contacted the owner.  I called back and no one answered. They haven't picked up the phone since.Defective and overpriced products that have been taken out of their original sealing. Rude Employees. Terrible Customer Service. Shady Business. If you want to enjoy your trip to vegas, DO NOT VISIT HIGH ROLLERS CIGAR AND SMOKE SHOP
5	I stop here occasionally to browse the pipe selection, which is consistently one of the best. The selection makes up for the price and I would recommend visiting if you are in the area.
1	That Big Guy working inside should be fired , was super rude when I asked for something then ripped the plastic off and was super disrespectful to my wife saying you people etc , DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE AT ALL
1	Today I went into the smoke shop and the guy working, a tall heavy set guy walked over to me. I asked a question about a case for a particular item and he responded rudely stating it would fit. So I asked him to show me because I knew he was wrong, he flipped out and grabbed the case out of hand. As he turned around to try and stuff the item into the case he started to talk disrespectfully to me. Making comments that no customer should ever hear. I told him that he was rude and shouldn't be talking to customers the way he was. Surprise surprise the item DID NOT fit in the case he was trying so desperately to stuff, I'm honestly socked he didn't break it the way he was handling it. I walked out without even being able to buy my cigarettes due to poor customer service all around. I will never be returning here again.
