4	Coming from the Bay Area to Vegas 5 1/2 years ago...(wow) I've been constantly trying to find something outside the strip that compares to my favorite Bay joint (Kirala)... I would have to say that the sushi here has come very close..definitely my favorite.  By the by.... if with a group order the Tommy Lee ; )
1	i do NOT like walking into a place that wreaks of fish! that is not a good sign of a sushi place! **GAG** as we stood there waiting to be seated and i was gagging from the fish smell, i had to warm my girl that if it smelled like fish at our table, we couldn't stay. i must admit i don't really eat fish to begin with. so this review of a sushi place is coming from a non-sushi eater. the only reason i went to sushi avenue was because i was craving edamame and my girl was craving sushi; so those naturally go together. this is a place my friend has been to many times and says she LOVES their sushi.we were seated and to my delight, i couldn't smell any fishiness. :) almost immediately the waitress came over and got us drinks. my friend and i started into conversation but after about fifteen minutes realized we had been forgotten about. we sat there for another five or so minutes before my friend got up and asked someone to come take our order. i ordered the teriyaki chicken with rice and edamame, and my friend ordered the lasagna rolls and edamame. then we sat. sat some more. then sat there service less some more. i had to keep waiving down anyone i could in order to get more water. :-/ this MIGHT HAVE been forgivable had the place been busy but i think there was more staff in the restaurant than people dining. maybe people walk out when they smell fish?! i would have too but i wasn't eating fish. ;) finally our food arrived and the chicken was kind of cold. the rice... well it's rice you can't mess that up. oh and the edamame was good, which is awesome because that's what i really wanted. then i look up at my friend who was putting one of the lasagna rolls in her mouth and almost instantly she gags and spits the sushi back out in her napkin. booo! i had to call over the waitress to get her something else. she ordered the mexican roll, which came out pretty quickly and she said was really good. overall, i was not impressed, and from the start it wasn't right. the service was sooo bad that i couldn't even bring myself to tip. that says a lot because i'm all about taking care of the server. these girls could have given a shit that we were even there. i'm thinking that had my friend not gotten up to ask to get our order taken we could have easily sat there all night ignored. i mean there wasn't a single moment when the waitress came to the table to ask if we needed anything. i had to waive her down every time; me no likie dat! then my food was cold... ummm it's not hard to make chicken and rice. meh. my friend may go back to this place, but she couldn't drag me back again.
4	I wasn't hungry, distracted, and yet this place was still pretty good.Frankly.. I was just happy to not have sushi drenched in tons of sauce... seems that I'm just surrounded by sauce covered sushi these days... not sure if it is the latest fad in order to get people to like the taste/flavor of sushi, or I've been stuck going to ghetto places recently.either way... this place was pretty good...Agadashi tofu was good... hot...  had some good flavor.    We ordered a boat for the table and the tempura on it was quite good as well.  Good selection of different veggies(including the amusing onion ring... always makes me say.."huh? I came to get sushi and I got onion rings?")  The batter wasn't heavy or feel like it had been in 6-month old oil.The sushi that we had  wasn't huge on the rolls, but the flavors were crisp and the seaweed wasn't tough. Like I said.. I was a little distracted... I'll have to go back again.
4	Sushi Ave. is my neighborhood Sushi spot. The sushi is always fresh, the beer always cold and the sake always tasty. Most of the staff is usually quite friendly and hospitable. I like to sit at the sushi bar, eat and chat with the chefs. If you go on a Fri or Sat. night and sit at the bar, be prepared to do a shot or two with the staff. Recommendations would be for the Screaming Orgasm and the Fuzz Nuts. Yummalicious!
4	This is a solid sushi spot and is also good if you want to have sushi with others who don't love it, they have a creative menu of hot stuff for them.  It also has a nice modern atmosphere.  I have been happy every time I have eaten here  As for the fish it has always been fresh, they have a good selection of rolls that are tasty and the prices are about right.  I would definitely recommend it if you live by it or are in the area.
5	I love sushi but this place makes me crave it!!! Best sushi Ive ever had they have the greatest specialty rolls and for decent prices. The staff is nice and on top of everything. The atmosphere is real modern, they have flat screen TVs for every table and the decor is amazing. They also have a section with a live cooking station like Benihana's. This is the ONLY sushi place i go to. Love it
