5	If it's simple saltwater set up help or top of the line Reef tank Carlos is the guy to see. Corals you see online that you wish you could afford are here in tempe and at a great price. I have been dealing with the owner for the past 9 years and if it was not for his one on one personal care for success with the customer I would of most likely failed. Great little gem of a shop!
5	This place has really nice coral and has the best prices of all the aquarium stores I been to in az.
4	This is a small, privately owned shop that is unique for a few reasons. First, you get great customer service from Carlos the owner and his assistants. They take the time to educate you about saltwater aquariums and the livestock. They are truly passionate about responsible ownership of these animals. Also, he will test your water for free and tell you how to correct your water issues.Secondly, the coral frag selection is HUGE and is very competitively priced. This allows you to try a few different coral types for $5-25 each and grow them yourself. Then, when the coral grow too big for your tank or mini-cube as I have, you can take them back and Carlos will frag them for you and pay you for it or trade you for new coral!Basically, this is the place to go if you want to talk shop with Carlos and his crew in a laid-back home feel, or if you are new to saltwater aquariums and are a bit intimidated by it all. There are a lot of regulars and people who are friends there. About the fish selection- it's pretty small, but there are a few of the standards like clown fish, wrasse, firefish etc.
5	Great staff and reasonably priced corals. The staff will really take the time with you to problem solve with you and help identify any areas to improve.
5	While it can be a little difficult to find the first time, the Aqurius is definitely worth visiting if you keep a reef tank. They have unquestionably the lowest priced coral in the entire Phoenix valley and it is of the greatest health. This is likely because most is fragged on site and because the limited staff (I've only seen one employee in there before and I believe he is the owner) knows what they are doing. By staying small, it ensures that all the animals are well taken care of.If there is a draw back to this store, it is that they have almost no fish, invertebrates or hardware, just the coral. Personally, I kind of like this though as it has enabled them to be expert at a single aspect with plenty of other stores around to purchase fish from.For an example of cost, we picked up three good sized frags for under $20, all of which are still looking great.
