2	As everyone in Madison knows, there are no doughnut chain stores around.  No Krispy Kreme.  No Dunkin Donuts.  Although I know that the best doughnuts in town are from the Greenbush Bakery, sometimes it's just easier to go with the place down the street.  That basically sums up the People's Bakery.  When you're too lazy to go anywhere else, they are pretty good.
3	Kind of tucked away and hard to notice, especially being next to the really glammed out Ella's Deli. But worth a visit if you're looking for a good gyro or kebab. :]The donuts are alright too. They have a wide variety! Myself, I really rather like their cookies. They also offer homemade baklava.Really though I can reccomend their sandwiches with a side of the seasoned fries. Quite yummy! Vegetarian options also available such as potato kahbi or falafel sandwiches. And they had a lot of beverages to choose from too.Although the location is not ideal, it's worth a stop if you're in that part of town. :]
4	I've been lamenting the lack of Mediterranean establishments on the Eastside for a while. We have arguably the best Thai, Indian, Nepali, Jamaican, Japanese, Chinese and American restaurants in town. But Downtown and the Westside both hold the Mediterranean trump card.Then I discovered People's Bakery. How can you go wrong? Fresh pastry AND gyros? Wait. Did I say gyros? Yes, I did. No longer do you have to venture downtown to get said sandwich. And the one I had wasn't a ticking grease bomb!Do yourself a favor when you go and try the red lentil soup. The flavor is excellent and there's plenty of cumin to spare. Delicious! My gyro and bowl of soup plus coffee was under $10, so it's a great choice when you're low on cash and need a filling lunch.(Oh, and it's right next to El Pescador, across from the Madison East Shopping Center. Pretty easy to miss when driving.)
4	Yum. Very good chocolate glazed donut. Decent coffee, though nothing fancy and I like it much stronger. Will try their falafel soon.
4	The doughnuts are good (and pretty cheap!), but I really love this place for a quick, cheap lunch.  They make their falafel and gyros fresh, so be prepared to wait a few minutes for them to put 'em together.  There's a small dining area, or you can take your food to go.  The owners are friendly and efficient.The only thing I really wish this place would do is make fresh bread and rolls, but it's strictly doughnuts and sweet pastries here.
4	Best Gyros, hands down.  And reasonably priced too.  Good chicken sandwiches.  And their mediteranian entrees are delicious as well.  As for the donuts, they are above average but not amazing.  The owners are so kind.  I like going here.
4	good food and very cheap.
4	Since moving to the east side I have started to go here almost every Saturday morning to pick up a couple of donuts and a coffee. I had absolutely no idea that it existed until a cabbie friend of mine told me it was one of his favorite places to stop between fares.(Can I just say that cabbies are amazing? They know where everything is, and they know about all the cool hidden spots that most of us pass up every day. If you know a cabbie, pick their brain sometime. You will probably discover at least one awesome place because of them.)So, back to People's. The donuts are really top notch. Chewy, moist, iced just enough, and they have a ton of options. I really think that their plain glazed and their boston cream donuts are the best. Their glazed donuts have this bit of crispiness to them that is amazing. The fritters aren't as good as Greenbush, but still tasty. There are also some specialty desserts that I am unsure of, but will have to try some day. As far as the food goes - the gyros are among the best I have had in town (right up there with Gyro House) but that is all I have tried there so far.So, to sum it all up: good gyros, great donuts, fair prices, and great (but sort of slow) service. This place is definitely worth checking out.
4	Great Donut & drink selection, and the food is cooked right in front of you.The place is a little out of the way, the only thing that youll see is a neon 'Gyros' sign in the window, but its worth stopping by. The people are very friendly, and the value is the best for the immediate area( and this is from a UW student who frequents the nearby TacoBell trying to slim budget...).The only thing I can think of against the place are the hours- I really wish they stayed open longer! I cant count how many times ive been returning from groceries or whaterver and passed by the place, closed, and realized my dinner options were slim to none. One can hope for the futre though, and if youre ever around stop in, the donuts(hard to come by since I moved to Madison- just imagining maybe) alone are worth a trip.
2	I usually go here because they have some Halal dishes but it's definitely not my "go -to" place for Halal.  I find that I have to be in the mood for it in order to really enjoy it.  However, my husband swears by their chicken and I do really enjoy their kefta with rice.
4	Updated review,I have to give them more stars. For one they have pretty tasty food once I tried more dishes.  The cucumber sauce on the side also really good.  It has also become my stop for mousaka! Mmmm
4	The food and service attitude is pretty good for the price you pay.They also got all kinds of beverages to go with your meal. They cook it fresh after you place an order. The owners are very nice.We had the vegetarian meza. Everything tastes good, though I've definitely had better middle eastern food before. But for the price you pay, the food is well worth it. All the basics are done right, e.g. dolma, hummus, kabob/shawarma, cucumber yogurt, kofta, kebbi, etc.But I will mention stuff they could improve a bit more:The red pepper paste was a bit bitter, but taste freshTabouli was a bit saucy (ask them to use less dressing).
4	I haven't had any of the falafel or gyros here.........yet.  I have had the opportunity to fatten myself up that much more by eating some of their delicious doughnuts.  They are really cheap AND really good.  The owners are a friendly, older couple who look like they are workin' hard.  I asked if they would be my new parents, and they just laughed, but I was serious.  Will you be my new mom and dad?  Or how about my new granny and papa?  I won't ask for money..............just doughnuts!I'm toilet trained........*knocking on glass window*Please???
5	The donuts are amazing and super-fattening of course, but then I guess you shouldn't be eating donuts if you are concerned with your weight.I agree it is by far the best gyros in town, I am originally from Chicago and am used to the quality of gyros found all over Chicagoland, this is cut the same, same thickness, same style, the flavor is similar, but has it's own thing going on. Either way, that Parthenon in Madison is crap, people rave about it, what a joke, they have no clue what good gyros is, take a road trip and go eat at Hubs in Chicago, then you will know finally what great gyros is. In the meantime, if you are stuck in Madison, this is by far the best you will find, don't waste your money and calories elsewhere.Falafel is good, has it's own unique recipe, works for me.Tan Tan Chicken is very good too, highly spiced, which I like, although not spicy as far as heat is concerned. Comes with an awesome garlic dip, which I've only found in Los Angeles at Zankou Chicken, which by the way is the most incredible middle-eastern chicken ever. They even made a "Curb Your Enthusiasm" episode about it in 2011. If you get out to LA ever, you must go to Zankou and get the Chicken Tarna with the garlic dip, the hummus is also the best ever. Almost enough to make me want to move back to LA. In fact...Anyway, People's Bakery is truly a gem in Madison, amongst all the questionable eateries, which some say are great, others say bad, this one is clearly a huge winner. And it is a real Mom & Pop, literally they made all the food for me, super friendly, down to Earth, real people who deserve to have your business. Go there now!P.S. I also liked a bunch of other stuff there, the hummus, side dishes, veggie mezza, etc. Probably can't go wrong with anything there.
4	Great place to go for gyros, falafel, and lots of other delicious Mediterranean / Lebanese food that's worth trying. Also, the food is really cheap - you can get a whole huge bag of great food for under 20 bucks. An older Lebanese couple run this place - they are very nice and do a good job. As far as the bakery items, go with twisty donut things w/ the red strip down the middle or the baklava.
5	wasn't sure what to expect, but the food was EXCELLENT.  personal service from the husband & wife owners make you feel right at home.  the tabouleh and hommos definitely rival anyplace i've ever tried.  they actually make the tabouleh to order!!!  incredibly fresh and delicious.  delicious baklava!  and, although i didn't try any, the donuts also looked amazing.  might have to stop back and pick up a dozen, for the road.
4	Now this is what I'm talking about!!  Total hole in the wall on East Wash in a strip mall behind some Mexican buffet, with the name People's Bakery, you'd never guess this place would have the best Middle Eastern food in Madison.  Start with the wife of the wife and husband team, who greets you warmly as you come in.  The menu is on the wall, but there are hard copies for those who need an explanation of the nicely blended mix of Lebanese, Armenian and Syrian dishes.  No matter your experience with food of the Middle East or Mediterranean, you'll find dishes you recognize, perhaps by different names.This was my first visit, I'm sitting here eating my takeout order as I type this because it's that good.  I ordered the lentil soup, and several appetizer portions including hummus, moohamara, sarma, and falafel.    Quick review:- lentil soup.  Awesome, just awesome.  Beautiful saffron color from the cooked down red lentils, just the right mix of cumin and lemon, and a back end of heat, I'm guessing from Aleppo pepper.  This is some thick soup, and filling, and for 2.50, you get a pint- Moohamara.  I wasn't going to get this.  I like roasted red bell pepper, and I've had dips and purees made of them, but I've never sought it out.  Mary, one of the owners, told me it was her favorite, best on the menu.  And holy COW was she right.  A smack of roasted red pepper is quickly deepened by a sweet hit of pomegranate and walnuts, ubelievably complex and wonderful.- Falafel.  Huge portion, perfectly deep-fried, with a really nice, light texture.  Love the falafel, but I prefer tahini sauce, and these come with a yogurt mint sauce.  Don't get me wrong, this is clearly their regional interpretation, Im all about the authentic experience, and this was good sauce.  But, I confess that for my leftovers I'm making some tahini sauce.- Hummus.  You know, hummus is always a crap shoot for me.  I make my own, from dried chick peas, and I've been working on this recipe for 25 years (along with my Bloody Mary recipe and about a hundred others). This is another of those regional interpretation issues, this was my least favorite today.  I'll try it again, because my own hummus has on and off days.  This was just more on the bland side than I expected,  No one distinct flavor dominated so I felt like it was left with an almost indescribable flavor.  Not bad, totally edible, just oddly unflavored.  I added some lemon and salt, which helped some.  Sarma - if you're expecting dolmathes this will be familiar in flavor, but it texture.  These are served cold with a yogurt dipping sauce.  I'm okay with the temperature, but I just like a little lemon on mine.  These are veg, the rice filling is cooked down to a coarse 'risotto-y' consistency.  I dig them, but those who prefer the snap of dolmathes will find these softer, but just as flavorfulAll in all, outstanding.  Next time, shish tahouk and baba ganouj.
5	After moving from Chicago to Madison, I thought that I would be safely tucking my Lebanese palate into the furthest recesses of my tongue, saving it only for the occasional trips back to Kedzie Avenue.  That was, until my wife and I discovered People's bakery.  Upon walking in, I was thrown back into the likes of such wonderful restaurants as Salam and Semiramis...but with Donuts!  We were genuinely welcomed in and I knew People's Bakery was gonna be one of my new spots, having not even tried a single thing in the store.  We ordered a lunch "to-go."  I got a Shish Taouk (commonly known as a Chicken Shawarma) and my wife got a falafel sandwich and we split a side of Hummus.  Well, my Shish Tauok was plump with heavily marinated, tender chicken slices, tomatoes, tahina, and lettuce.  In short, it was outstanding.  Aggressive herbal flavors perfectly matched with a spike of lemony acidity.  My wife LOVED her falafel sandwich...which is really saying something, as she's somewhat of connoisseur.  The hummus was really good, and the spike of sumac was a nice touch, although it was tad bit to lemony for me.  Nonetheless, this is an AWESOME Madtown ethnic eats spot...and oh yeah...how can  completely dismiss the incredible homemade donut selection?  They looked stunningly good, but we both left that for another day.  Lebanese food and donuts....a winning combination, in my book.
4	Who says donuts and Lebanese food don't go together?!  People's Bakery has made me a believer of this magical combination! This place is great for some affordable, delicious Lebanese food, and some of the best donuts in town. The outside (and inside) is unassuming, but the food is authentic (as far as I know) and yummy. Pros- VERY affordable- friendly and helpful staff- Did I mention it is scrumptious?Cons- service is a little slow- inconsistent drink optionsI highly recommend trying their falafel with a fritter for dessert.
5	great donuts. great gyros.and the most adorable owners ever.just make sure you aren't in any rush, if you think about ordering food here. still worth visiting.
5	This place is so accidental hipster, and defies categorization. Is it a diner? A bakery? An auntie's living room? Let's just say if a donut shop and a small restaurant played Tetris, this would be the result. The eating area is quiet - no music, just the drink cooler humming - and the experience eclectic - mismatched formica tables, plastic cups for water, and tea cups with feet for the Turkish coffee. The Turkish coffee was weaker than expected, but wonderfully aromatized with cardamom. There was so much food my eyes pin-balled for a minute. The red lentil soup made with sprouted lentils came in a bowl - a real bowl, not a cup-sized bowl. We also had the gyro plate which was satisfying, and mousaka entree which was like an eggplant, potato, and tomato casserole over yellow rice. By itself, the mousaka would last me two additional meals. We couldn't resist the Boston creme donut, which turned out to be the best I've had in Madison, and a gigantic cinnamon roll fritter. Plus the two coffees, the total came out to be $25 (!!) and some change. The service is a relaxed pace, but the owners were charming and seemed to enjoy us enjoying their food. My five-star ratings often depend on how likely and how often I would return, and this place definitely makes the twice-a-month cut.
4	Donuts as BIG as your head!  Fresh Lebanese food made to order made by the friendly owner!  Such was my experience today at People's Bakery.  I don't really understand why the place was so empty today but it was fine with me.  I ordered tabbouleh, baba ghanoush, hummus, pita and a giant donut!   You'd never think we would have authentic Lebanese in a generic looking mini mall in Wisconsin but we do-I feel lucky it's just a few blocks away from my house. Downside = Styrofoam containers...I might attempt to bring my own next time to avoid them!
4	Went there today with my fiance.  We had the hummus and lamb and the felafel.  The lamb was amazing.  Little pieces cut up and placed on a bed of hummus.  The hummus was very smooth and great texture.  The hummus was good, but Bunky's is still my favorite in town. The felafel was good, not too heavy.  Serve in pita bread with a sauce and veggies.  They have a good selection of beverages, they had my favorite Nantucket Nectar and some good bottled lemonade.After our main course we decided to try some pastries.  The baklava was amazing.  It was light and flavorful.  We also had a french glazed doughnut which was better then Greenbush.  The lady that works the counter is very friendly.  When we went back to purchase the pastries we only had credit cards, and they have a $5 minimum.  She let us just add it to the tip of our original bill!
5	So good!!! We went as a group and everyone loved the food they ordered.  The food was very reasonably priced!! Yum!
5	Stopped here a few times for the yummy baklava. I've eaten lunch here once and it was fabulous. I had the tan-tan chicken and it was amazing! Moist chicken and lovely flavors.
5	Herein lie the finest falafel sandwiches in the area, and that's all that's needed to justify my continuing patronage.The donuts fill the display cases with colors, and fill the air with intoxicating scents. So many different shapes and sizes, but the freshness and delicacy are consistent throughout. The "Rapid Dozen" is a good value, providing a diverse sampling of donut types to take to work, provided they make it that far.Still, my main inspiration behind the countless visits through the years is the Lebanese cuisine, and specifically the falafel. You will find plenty of tasty dishes, from hummus and babaganoush, to kebabs and gyros, but the incomparable falafel stands above. There aren't, truth be told, more than a few real competitors for Madison's top falafel (Banzo is also great, then it drops off), but those found at People's are really top notch, competitive with any I've had throughout the country.The prices and the falafels simply cannot be beat, and the owners are incredibly warm and friendly people who have been crafting joy through delicious food for many moons now. There is nothing to keep me from recommending People's Bakery with the full five stars.
4	I have been a customer for years.  Lunch menu is excellent.  I stop by often and  the owners are very accomdating and friendly.  People's is an asset to Madison!
5	Went for dinner the other night. We have found our new gyro restaurant!Hubby & I both ordered gyro. One sammy, one plate. Man, was it good!Took a raspberry fritter home for dessert, and that was great as well.We will definitely be back!
4	Living 1 block away is dangerous! This is a hidden treasure for sure. The owners are a sweet older couple who knock out some amazing food. Can't speak for the donuts but I promise you will enjoy the food. The falafel with fries is a bargain--5 bucks or so--and it will be made totally fresh for you. My go to I don't feel like cooking spot.
4	What do you get when you combine Lebanese cuisine, baked goods, gyros, funky interior design and second hand talk of bed bugs?  The perfect #yelpnewvember storm, that's what.Over the summer, there was a spirited debate about where to find the best gyros in town after the unfortunate demise of Dmitri's.  After fellow Yelper Tawnie R boldly declared the People's Bakery as the worthy successor to Dimitri's, I knew a trip to the People's Bakery was in the cards for me.If you are looking for elegant digs, this place is not for you.  It's a kitschy, little greasy spoon nestled into a strip mall at the corner of East Wash and East Johnson.  There's not a lot of seating and if someone is on the phone, you're going to be privy to their conversation.  In my case, I got a comprehensive update on a bedbug infestation of a family member that the owner's wife was describing in painstaking detail.  And while the chairs and tables are mismatched and the floor tiles are coming loose in places, the eating surfaces were all impeccably clean and the pictures on the wall gave the joint a homey feel.  And the husband and wife team that run the place have a great rapport with the regular customers getting their lunch fix. I ordered the $5.50 gyros and fries and grabbed a seat.  About ten minutes later, a massive foil wrapped gyros was delivered to my table.  I swear that an entire herd of sheep were sacrificed for this meal.  In terms of quantity, the People's Bakery delivered big time.  On the quality side, things were a little less clear cut. First the negatives:* The next time I visit, I'm going to ask to have the pita spend a little time on the grill.  This dish deserves better than a cold, doughy pita.* More tzatziki sauce please!!!  When you give me a metric ton of lamb meat, I need more than a tablespoon of sauce to balance out the dish.* The same can be said of the tomatoes.  I need more than two very thinly cut slices.Now the positives:* The meat was served piping hot, moist and well seasoned.  It was clear this meat wasn't sitting under a heat lamp awaiting the lunch time crush.  The only thing I would have changed is to have a little char on some of the pieces to provide more textural contrast.* The onions served with the dish were pure awesomeness.  I'll be honest, I usually pick most of the onions off my gyros because they can overpower the other ingredients with their sulfuric pungency.  With a medium dice, these onions were fresh and sweet and complemented each bite.* I l-o-v-e-d the fries that accompanied the meal.  Salty and crunchy on the outside and hot and moist on the outside.   Yummmmmm.So, does the People's Bakery unseat Trader Gus as my King of Madison Gyros.  I say it's too close to call right now.  What I do know is that I plan to return to the People's Bakery to conduct more extensive research.  And if you find yourself on the east side with an empty stomach and a light wallet, People's Bakery is an option worth considering.
4	In addition to sweet treats like donuts and bear claws, they also have lunch and dinner options for cheap. Falafel is not the best in town, but try the gyro, which comes as a sandwich or entree sized plate. They have other standard Mediterranean options such as hummus and kebobs. Seating is limited and would not be good for large groups. Definitely more of a take-out place. I would definitely go back to explore their menu.
3	Solid donut shop.+ Nice parking lot+ Great selection of donuts available, even at 11:30am on a Sunday (most other places are sold out)+ Totally reasonable prices+ Donuts are good; I'd say on par with most places, but not quite as good as Greenbush- Presentation/cabinet could use some work - very narrow space and it's nearly impossible to see what's available
4	Some secrets are best kept secret.  However I don't want my new donuts find going out of business anytime soon.  I stumbled across this little gem while trying to find some real donuts for my wife to take to her at work.  I found the People's Bakery.  The donuts selection was wonderful.  The wall mentioned some other baked goods as you walk in like scones, but those are no longer available.  The donuts were fantastic.  So good that I had to go back today and they are still fantastic and the shelves were socked full at 9:30am with plenty of choices and the prices are great.  To be honest i had tunnel vision on the donuts but I believe they have some other things to offer for lunch and dinner.
5	Their food and pastries are good, but most importantly they had the best baklava I've ever had.
3	I am pretty disappointed with this place.  After it being described as the best gyro in town, I was let down. The gyro is good and it is only $4.50. However, best in town? Eh. They forgot my tomatoes. There is nothing really terrible about this place, but it was just "ok."
5	They are the best. Great flavor, it can not get more mom and pop, the owners are great the only issue I see us that it  is hard to stop eating them
4	I can tell by the way it tastes that the falafel sandwich, baba ganoush and tabbouleh are totally vegan, and delicious too. I didn't bother asking them about ingredients because it's so obvious.
5	I like the food and donuts, but and more importantly, I really like the people who run this place and the people who hang out there.
4	Great Greek food. Delicious and huge assortment of donuts! Worth stopping in for a treat.
