5	I lost myself in this amazing place. I love order in a place that has everything and A Mad Hatter's Antiques & collectibles gives that to everyone who ventures out that way. I happened upon it after work and I was looking for a little time to relax. Walking through the aisles was fun and a crazy top floor that houses rented booths to artist and consignment wares keeps things interesting.    Reasonably priced and, from what I've heard, restocked consistently. On top of everything the staff was sooooo great to everyone that came in: From the Pickers and diggers, to the mom / daughter combos that came in, to someone like me who loves to find interesting things everywhere and anywhere. I hunted for about an hour and a half and had an intense look on my face for the most part but I was never followed around or bothered.... Which I've experienced in other shop that are similar... and that was refreshing opening for me because I never at one point really knew what I was looking for but I was able to find things that I hope I never have to part with.  Worth the time and effort to get to Glendale and you'll love the area.
5	I visit this amazing place a few times a year, only because every single time I'm there, I find armloads of great things to bring home!The store is set-up  to make you wander.  Along the outer edges on the first floor (there are TWO!) you'll find furnishings and vignettes.  In the center is row after row of beautiful cases filled with treasures from days gone by.  Worth mentioning, the cases are well lit and the rows are wide. Explore the back of the store for booth after booth of ever changing merchandise - it's a bit like a maze but more exciting, you never know what you will find around the next corner.Venture upstairs and there are even more booths and then, a bird's eye view of the floor below.  Maybe you will spot something from up there that you didn't see up close.Ray and his staff are always there to help you and to answer any questions you may have.  They have shopping online (it is limited - there is no way they could list every single item in the shop!  there must be millions - literally!) and a Facebook page that they update daily.What did I get my last time out?  A couple of vintage blow mold Santas, a couple of red reindeer and a very cool old Santa head ornament.  It was Christmas after all.This is the largest antique store in Glendale.  It should be the first stop on your next visit - I know it will be mine!
5	Huge selection and lots of booths. Ben found a pretty cool bicycle wine Rack and a VHS star wars trilogy in excellent condition. You can spend a lot of time in here! Wanted to look in a couple more shops but we were browsed out! Good job, Mad Matter :)
3	I don't mean to be rude or anything, but I just wasn't impressed with this place. I actually visited because of the other Yelp reviews, but my experience was not so great. I suppose that with such a huge mix of different vendors/rented out booths, it would be hard to remain consistent with prices. Some prices were reasonable, where other items were simply way too expensive for what they were. I'm not sure if you could get the prices down in this shop either, seeing as they rent these booths out to many different people. The employees were very friendly at least, the entire store was large (two very large stories full of stuff!), and everything was very clean/organized, so those are the positives. I can't say why for sure, but I just wasn't wildly thrilled with this place. It was very nice to see it so organized and clean, but other than that I just wasn't too excited. I suppose if I had a bunch of extra money and space, I could have found a few things to purchase. However, they didn't really have anything I was looking for despite their large variety/selection. Oh well, maybe next time? I guess I just personally prefer the smaller shops.
4	-Locked cases are to the front of the store. More vintage booths towards the back of the store.-This place has some new modern furniture.-There is an upstairs area, but I'm too lazy to check it out.-Prices are hit or miss. -Not my favorite antique shop, but a decent one worth visiting when I'm in the area.-Parking is to the east of the building.
3	Not one of my favorites...too much shabby chic and country store new stuff...real antiques are hit and miss, and prices vary wildly.  More often than not staff seems  aloof - either that, or I feel like me and my kids are being followed.  Sometimes you'll find a bargain, and some of the new dealers have created some space with real ambiance, so I will keep trying!
5	Mad Hatter's is a wonderful, big store. Huge selection of antiques and collectibles. Also has a large variety of primitives, and reproductions.  Something for everyone. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. Prices are reasonable.
4	A-ha!  Looks like they have found some new dealers and there's a little more variety in the antiques and vintage treasures they stock.  I don't see a ton of rotation in the locked displays, but there were some great finds in the back this time.  Glad to see less country chic, more actual antiques this time around.
5	Very cool place so much to see. I was definitely overwhelmed walking through the isles of this antique shop. After about 45 min i was tired of walking only to find that there's a whole other floor to explore. You can't see it all in one trip so I'll be sure to be back. Got me a Elton John vinyl for $5, good find.
1	This store is CLOSED - It closed its doors on December 31, 2014.
