5	Wow! What a great deal for lunch.  This joint is a Vietnamese sandwich place, very tasty.  I wouldn't say it's a nice sit down sandwich place but the sandwiches are great.  I've tried the bbq pork, beef, and combination so far. They're all so so good.  Would recommend this for a good cheap lunch, or even order a bunch for parties. I would. :-)
5	Well, you're looking for a bite to eat when you're out and about in downtown Kitchener, and you don't have a lot of cash?Givral Deli to the rescue!Their specialty is the Vietnamese sub that's known as the Banh Mi.  Tasty and filling, and starting at only $2.75 plus applicable taxes each, a much better deal than most downtown take-out places.I personally enjoy the BBQ Pork, and I heartily recommend it!  Others have also enjoyed the Chicken Teriyaki.  Like most Banh Mi, there is julienned strips of carrot, slices of English cucumber, entire sprigs of cilantro or parsley and whatever filling that you ordered.  You can also get hot sauce if you so desire, in addition to the special mayo sauce that's standard to this sandwich.Now that you've had a bite to eat, you can get back to enjoying all of the things downtown Kitchener has to offer, and it doesn't have to cost you more than the change in your pocket.
5	My favorite place to grab a sandwich - period.  BBQ pork banh mi is amazing, and my vegetarian wife loves the tofu banh mi. Everyone I take here goes back. A bit divey and dirty but get over that and enjoy an amazing sandwich.
5	OMG!!!! The BEST Banh Mi in LIFE!I suggest the BBQ pork make it spicy!!! Don't be a baby :P
5	Amazing authentic Vietnamese Subs.  A must try.  Amazing value.  Usually go for the #1 bit can't go wrong here
5	You can't judge this place by the looks. I avoided it for a couple years because I just couldn't get past how it looks, but the food is really fantastic. It's simple and cheap, but really good. The BBQ pork and chicken satay tend to be my mainstay favourites, but I've tried most of the others and they've all been good. Givral is one of the reasons I'm grateful for working downtown Kitchener.
5	This is by far the best bang for the buck I've experienced anywhere in Canada. The food was UH-MAZING, with a capital U and H, and the prices were jaw dropping low. I would recommend this place with my life.
4	Great little hole in the wall spot for Banh Mi. Good vegetarian banh mi.The owner also can prepare the summer rolls vegetarian. Good deal!  You can't go wrong with a $3 banh mi.
