5	Harvard & Highland is located above Union Pig & Chicken.  Right now Harvard & Highland is just offer cocktails - made with love by some of the best bartenders in the city.
5	I had one of the best drinks of my life here last night, thanks to our patient and talented bartender. It was pretty quiet, probably because it's a new place, and we were there fairly early. My friend and I agreed that it would be a great space for a private event. We also agreed that it was a good thing it's close to my house because we definitely were better off walking home...As for the price, I had the slightest bit of sticker shock until I remembered how much I paid for a terrible cocktail with no discernable alcohol content at TGIFriday's the other night. (Don't judge, I had a gift card.) Anyway, I'll definitely be back to H&H!
3	I don't think it's much of a secret that Salt of the Earth has been serving some of the best cocktails in Pittsburgh for a while now.  Therefore, it's not suprising that if you take one of their outstanding bartenders and put her in another place, there will be great cocktails.I visited Harvard & Highland with a group of friends this past Saturday night.  Arrived on the earlier side, grabbed a table, and ordered cocktails from the very creative list of original creations available.  Overall, the space is small (as big as Union downstairs) but has great floor to ceiling windows that look out on the street corner.  There were about 4 tables on the left, a few stand-up tables, a few wooden beach chairs near the corners, and about 8 seats at the small bar.  Being fairly new, the place still had the nice smell of fresh-cut wood!After our waiter delivered our cocktails, that was the last we saw of him for the evening.  After a long time wondering why he hadn't come back, I saw him in street clothes with a backpack heading out the door.  No other person came by to take our orders.  Getting impatient, for the rest of the evening we had to get our drinks directly from the bar which was challenging because the place was getting more and more crowded.  By around midnight, H&H was jammed packed and there seemed to be only 2 bartenders frantically working.  It was clear they were very understaffed.If Harvard & Highland stays as popular as it was this past Saturday, they're going to need to hire more help.  Their inability to keep up with the crowd almost certainly cost them money (we ourselves would have ordered more had we the opportunity).  I suspect this will change as H&H figure out when they're going to be the most crowded.It's important to note that cocktails are the only thing on the menu.  There's a few non-alcoholic seltzer drinks.  I was surprised there wasn't a selection of high-end bourbon or other hard alcohols if you didn't want one of the speciality cocktails.  There's also no food at all (but Union is downstairs if you want to eat beforehand).  This is a great space with a great bartender and a lot of potential.  I hope that in the future they'll increase their number of servers and offer something to munch on while people enjoy some of the best cocktails in Pittsburgh.
4	What a tasty little hideaway! It's so secret it doesn't even have signage yet...I was a little confused as to if i was supposed to go into Union Pig & Chicken or if there was another entrance. I went into Union Pig and noticed a brightly lit hallway and made my way upstairs. Thankfully, it wasn't someone's living room I walked into, but a very clean looking bar.It was clean in the sense that it was literally, very clean, but also it had a really clean aesthetic. I think you just expect craft cocktail joints to look like a speakeasy in the sense were it's darkly lite and mysterious.This place is bright with tons of natural light coming through the huge windows, light colored wood and a bunch of fun adirondack chairs lined against the wall. It was like a southern style speakeasy, but without no mint juleps!The bartender was super friendly and definitely knew what he was doing behind the bar. I never claim to be a cocktail expert, but I do enjoy a fancy pants cocktail once in a while! These fancy pants cocktails were divine! In my humble opinion, there are times when I go into these places and I feel like there's just SO MUCH alcohol inside that tiny glass. I want to taste everything equally, I don't need to be falling on my face 20 minutes into happy hour! The cocktails I ordered seemed to be the perfect mix of everything. I tried the Agnatha & Anni, which was bluecoat, yellow chartreuse, lingonberry and grapefruit. It was exactly what I wanted. Totally refreshing and as I said, the perfect ratio of juice to alcohol. I honestly thought it couldn't get any better than that drink. But it did! I also tried the Grandeur & Glory and it may have been better than the first, which I don't even know how that could happen! It was Boyd & Blair vodka, cocchi americano, pear & savory. I have no clue what half those things are but they came together beautifully for another refreshing, not too tart, not too sweet cocktail.Two things to note: They do not serve food from Union Pig upstairs and they don't serve the drinks from Harvard downstairs. They're neighbors that don't play together. I would think you'd want to serve those drinks downstairs or order up some food upstairs, but I'm sure there's a reason behind keeping them seperate. I'll be back... and probably often!
4	I decided to use a classmate happy hour as an excuse to try this place out. The space is very cool, with the hardwood, large windows, and red chairs. Totally Modern. The cocktail list looked really great, and the ingredients were all of the highest quality. He drinks a whiskey drink, and a cider drink (oh wait, thats a terrible chumbawamba song). I had a whiskey drink (with my new mistress, Rye) "A common plot of land".  It was decent, somewhat reminiscent of a Manhattan. Feel there could have been more of a bouquet of flavors. The gin special was nice. Good times had by all.I love the environment and I am eager to try out all the libations on the menu. I would say its best to stop by for a few cocktails for happy hour or before dinner.
4	Pittsburgh definitely needs more bars like Harvard & Highland. Sometimes you want to put down the gin and tonic (while delicious) and pick up something with a creative mix of new and interesting flavors.  With the expertise of a REAL bartender (few and far between in the steel city) you can do that here.The ambiance is nice-- a large, open space with huge windows (excellent for people watching too) and a variety of seating options.  I went with a large group and we were able to easily adjust the seating... and the huge red lounge chairs were a definite plus!  The best part about walking into this bar is that to get there you enter through Union Pig & Chicken and therefore get to smell all of the delicious smoking meat as you pass through.  Way to make my mouth water before I even set eyes on a cocktail list!I will be honest, I am no cocktail connoisseur.  At one point while enjoying my first drink and browsing the menu thinking about my second, I actually had to get out my phone and google some of the ingredients just to know what type of liquor was in them!  This place does assume that you know something (or at least more than me, which is not hard) about your spirits. But have no fear- the bartender is super friendly and will answer all your questions-- and I am assuming it doesn't really matter what is in the cocktails anyways because everything was delicious.I started with one of the drinks from the menu (sort of).  A spiced apple cider with option to add liquor = one of my favorite fall drinks.  I asked the bartender what she normally recommends to add other than rum (not a huge fan).  She said they normally do add rum, but instead she could use a butternut squash-infused bourbon. YUM.  For my second drink, I decided to inquire about one of the specials on the board... I honestly do not remember what all was in it but I know it included some kind of brandy and another liquor mixed with earl grey tea and garnished with a sprig of rosemary.  I wish i paid more attention to what was in it because it was AMAZING.  It was a little bit tart and tangy and not too sweet and extremely refreshing.  Will definitely be coming back to try out some more... seems like a great place to hide out during the cold winter months!
4	Leave your coronas, heinekens, and vodka/cranberries at the door- Harvard and Highland is here to entertain your tastebuds. Harvard and Highland is a bright star in my East Liberty world and is a great bar with wonderful craft cocktails that will match your mood. The menu is diverse and each carry unique tastes. They also get plus points for their creative cocktail names (my fave is S.S. Awesomepants!)I love the space, though it can get pretty loud when the bar's bustling with action (I suspect it's because there are few textile pieces to absorb the sound). The bartenders are attentive and while they have a demanding job description, they have an uncanny talent with keeping tabs on who doesn't need a drink, who is new, and who needs a little patter to decide on a drink.When I walked in for the first time, I had no idea what I wanted to ask for, since the cocktails are deconstructed with ingredients and leave a lot of imagination as to what the final result may look like. Don't be afraid to have a conversation with your bartender to decide on your next drink! I trusted my bartender and let her know what kind of drinks I liked (I usually drink blah blah blah and I'm in the mood for something refreshing/spicy/with a kick please!) She was able to make recommendations based on that  and gave me the High Line (I think that's what it was..but it was on the chalkboard) which I must say was pretty refreshing.I can't wait to come back and taste what else Harvard and Highland has in store for us!
4	I read about Harvard and Highland in the City Paper and decided to check it out with some friends on a Saturday evening.  We headed up the stairs from Union Pig and Chicken and were greeted by floor to ceiling windows, a bar in the corner, and two eager bartenders.  The drink list changes often, and there are usually 2 special drinks written on the chalkboard next to the bar.  I liked how there was one specialty non-alcoholic drink on the menu (for the non-boozing friends/DDs).  The complexity of the drinks justifies their price and how long it takes to make them.  We all enjoyed our drinks.  I think it's a great place for 1-2 pre/post dinner drinks (unless someone else is buying-then stay all night!).  There is plenty of seating, both at the bars and picnic style tables.  Go check it out!
2	The lack of concept and decor kind of bummed me out as the space felt cavernous and cold.Drinks were good, but not like "omg this is so good you have to try this."The adirondack chair area was... interesting.
4	I know Kevin Sousa doesn't like food critics. I know a few people on staff here. I really adore one of them and she'll probably strangle me next time I walk in for writing this. She should know I'll come back in spite of all these things. And that she's nice. She's super nice.I think the concept is good. It's all so close to being great. It's great that Pittsburgh is even trying to do this sort of thing. I hear the furniture, sparse and minimalist as it is, was crafted by a local guy who's pretty great at what he does. I don't think the layout works. The benches aren't quite comfortable, you can hear everything everybody else is saying, and it just feels too open and empty. I feel exposed, especially in the Adirondack chairs.I don't feel like I can comfortably chat up the people around me either, my typical tack when sauced or in Pittsburgh and especially when sauced in Pittsburgh. Because the vibe lacks warmth. I don't get a sense they were going for warmth, but I still think there could be a little more warmth. Maybe that'd be resolved by a crowd in the joint. I've never seen more than a handful of people in H&H on any given night of the three I've been there.On the bright side, this openness gives you a stellar bird's-eye view of East Liberty. Above street level, with the Home Depot-facing windows as large as they are, it feels like you're inside a diving bell in the Great Gentrification Sea. You expect to look over and see Jacques Cousteau and Richard Florida toasting artisinal martinis.The cocktails are decent but not quite masterful. I'm used to living in the epicenter of the Brooklynification of America, Brooklyn's Williamsburg neighborhood, and I've some snooty expectations of what a cocktail should be and do. At H&H they're potent though the balances aren't quite right. I'd recommend sticking to the more simple things like straight whiskey or gin and tonics. I'm not a fan of the Wigle whiskey and gin products which seem to be an emphasis on the drinks list. I don't understand why people are going nuts over that stuff. It could be good but tastes like it was rushed to market, sold with the idea of being "un-aged."No complaints about the service. Our waiter has always been on top of his game.
2	It is a small bar above union pig and chicken. The drink menu is small and list of ingredients are strange and difficult to understand. The price per drink is $8-$12. The drinks themselves are good but hardly worth the price. Service is fair.
4	1st visit last evening.... drinks were great!  staff was fun!  Grilled chicken hearts in Pgh?!  They were great too!  Can't wait to return to try all of the BBQ sauces!!!
3	I was really really torn on whether to give H&H 3 or 4 stars!!  The cocktails are standard quality craft cocktails, but without any frills and nothing particularly spectacular about it.The atmosphere/decor is just ok.  It's very bare and, due to the lack of crowd, empty feeling.  I suppose we did go out for drinks at around 8 on a Sunday evening, but I mean, who doesn't do that? right? :p Service was pretty average as well.  There was only one bartender/staff, but it was sufficient for the small number of people.  He also didn't seem too interested in telling us more about the cocktails and basically told us all the cocktails were great.In the end, we choose the Agnatha & Anni and the August 21st, 1959.  I really liked my Agnatha.  Crisp, tart, strong.  I didn't like all the tiny ice bits in it though, but that's easily remedied as the ice melts.  The August 21st was ok.  I'm not a fan of smoky flavored drinks, but if you are, this one would be a good choice.Overall, I would come back again because it's just too convenient.  Plenty of street parking, closely located, solid cocktails, and no worries about finding a table.
4	I stopped by here a few Saturday's ago with my girlfriend for some after dinner drinks.  We had been looking for a reason to come here and so whenever we had dinner in East Liberty, we decided to stop.  After walking up the stairs we arrived to find a really awesome space.  There were large windows on two sides of the building allowing you to look out over North Highland as well as some Adirondack chairs, high tables, regular tables and bar.  Whenever I was looking for the bathroom (only downstairs inside Union Pig & Chicken) I also found out that they have a large second room with a jukebox and pool table that I had not noticed whenever I originally walked in.For my drink I went with something that resembled a Manhattan while my girlfriend went for one of the fruity rum drinks.  Unfortunately I can not remember the names of them and I am unable to find a list to tell for sure.  My drink was fairly good and cost about the same as I would expect it to at any fancier place.  It was my girlfriends drink that was the real star though.  After getting through some cloying sweetness that most fruity drinks have, there was a strong taste of smokiness on the finish which left me forgetting the sweetness and wanting more.  When all was said and done, we enjoyed our time here.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  As long as you are aware ahead of time that is not going to be a night of cheap drinks, I think that you can really enjoy both the drinks and the atmosphere.
4	Harvard and Highland has excellent cocktails and a good bourbon collection. The space is a little stark, but it's a great place to go with a big group. You can order up BBQ from UPG late and play pool for free on a new slate table in the back room.
5	We were lucky enough to randomly be at Union Pig and Chicken on the night of Harvard and Highland's soft opening, so we've got a special little place in our hearts for it.  Situated above Union, it's a sweet open space with some damn fine views of the East End, which can fill you with wonder, or make you lament the human condition depending on what's going on outside.  Every drink you order here is (seemingly) lovingly crafted by the bartenders, and usually involves no less than 5 steps, one tool that I have never seen before, some type of herb or fruit that is unfamiliar, and a single novelty sized ice cube.  We went here for New Years this year, and they had an open bar, so I tried everything twice, then thought I was really good at karate, only to find out in the morning that I had grossly overestimated my skills.  My favorite drink is, by far, the Lew Brown, a delicious smokey blend of a bunch of things that I would never think to put together.  I'm fairly certain that you now have access to the Union menu, including the Rye and Jelly Jar list, so the sky is the limit as far as drink choices.  Now that the weather is warming up, I'm itching to head down here in the early evening and watch the sunset with a bunch of people.
4	Good drinks, and the bartender recommended me two books on the subject that made good reading.  :-)  They're doing craft cocktails well; if you want a sazerac or a ramos gin fizz, this is a good place to try.  If you're looking for a long island iced tea?  Wrong bar.  Very much the wrong bar.Bizarre (and pleasant!) bar food.
5	I am a big, big fan of H&H! I don't recognize half of the ingredients on their cocktail menu, but anything I've ordered has been fantastic.  I love the vibe here as well...dark, but very modern and minimalist even though the drinks are totally old-fashioned, craft cocktail kind of concoctions.I like this place enough to go way out of my way to stop here even though there is a similar place in my neighborhood, so 5 stars it is!
4	We have been meaning to come here for quite some time now.  After our wonderful dinner at notion, we made our way a few blocks down the road to enjoy some after-dinner cocktails.  My first impression was, WOW!  It has a wonderful smell of meats being smoked emanating from Union Pig & Chicken located downstairs.  I don't know how the bartenders handle it.  My mouth was watering the whole time - I had to remind myself that I just ate!  The bartender explained the cocktails to us, and I decided to go with a gin based concoction.  It was so refreshing.  You can tell from one taste the thoughtfulness put into each cocktail recipe.  My boyfriend opted for a glass of scotch, and according to him, they have a great selection.  It wasn't too busy for a Thursday evening, so we took advantage of the free pool in the back room.  The whole place had a cool vibe.  We'll be returning soon!
5	This is simply one of the best bars in town. It is a class act. The whiskey list is unique, fantastic, and will challenge even die hard whiskey fans to try new and surprising whiskeys. You can walk in, sit down, and order a Sazerac and the bar tender is even going to blink an eye before reaching for the absinthe. The service, the selection, and the prices are all a winner. And for you non-whiskey drinkers out there, this bar has an incredible cocktail menu and dedicated bar tenders that work to find the the perfect drink for you. Stop in. You won't be sorry.
4	Very bright with lots of great windows, this is a different kind of bar entirely.  The wait staff were all extremely attentive and friendly.  We ordered food from downstairs at Union Pig and Chicken and it was delicious.  This place is clean, and delightfully fun.  If you go on Wednesday nights, they have Adventure Bingo, a combination of Trivia and Bingo, and really a riot.
4	4 stars is a bit generous, but i really would like the place to thrive! You go through pig and chicken (door on the right), even late at night. The space is really nice with large windows on highland. Lot of space between tables. The style fits more a beer place than a cocktail place (we came for cocktails), but it is reasonably confi. The music is loud, and the place may not be good if you want to talk to someone. You can order food from P&C, which we did (at nearly midnight - cool). The cocktail list is quite small, which was a bit of a disappointment. But the cocktails are good. The beer list is large. So I guess it's not really a cocktail place. Sadly, the place was nearly empty. We stopped by on Sat late in the evening. I was hoping to see some life there, but I guess it had already gone somewhere else.
1	The drink menu looks quite fresh with exciting cocktails and an ok beer selection. I can't tell you how the drinks are though, as I never received mine.  Ordered drinks. The men in our group received theirs right away.  My friend and I never received ours, even after an hour wait ...and we were sitting AT THE BAR. Went to pay out our tabs and the bartender was angry that we didn't want to pay for drinks we never got. That makes sense. And while paying,  then they miraculously found the drinks and tried to make us take & pay for them. This place had so much potential.
3	After reading the reviews, I came here really excited to try the cocktails. I was quite disappointed though. The ambiance is a little strange- it is a small bar and it can feel cramped. There was also a strange crowd when I was there. The service can be a little slow, although when our waitress did interact with us she was very friendly and helpful. The cocktails looked really great on the menu but were a let down when ordered.
5	Downstairs...long communal tables, paper tablecloths...who would guess that upstairs is this gem of a bar, with the same wonderful barbecue, better service, and a nice classy modern vibe?The food is excellent, I mean...Kevin Souza, barbecue, the best fried chicken in the city....what more could you ask for?  The bar is great...very friendly and VERY knowledgeable bartenders, good beers, and a whiskey list which, while it is far from the longest in the city, might be the most interesting. (High West Campfire...you can thank me later)...I mean, where else will you find French whiskey? Indian whiskey?  English whiskey?They are now hosting comedy shows certain evenings...find out when the next one is, you won't be sorry.Give this place a try...you'll like it.
3	Harvard & Highland is one of those places that I absolutely love when it's empty, and absolutely hate when it's full.  It's officially a tale of two bars...1.  Empty:  Expect fantastic service, great conversations with the wait staff and bartenders and a great laid back environment that screams unwind and relax.2.  Full: Expect spotty service at best,  having to yell over those around you and unless you're there to go all out on booze, an experience with a lot to be desired.To Harvard's credit, it has a great happy hour, there is literally no distinction between it and its downstairs partner in crime Union Pig and Chicken and it brings a great concept to a part of town that desperately needs it.  Grabbing a despicably good BBQ sandwich and a craft cocktail during better times should be a sin.I'll by far continue to go, but when I do, I do so with open eyes that  I have no idea what to expect!
3	Harvard and highland serves the same food and drinks as union pig and chicken but it's a nicer atmosphere. There is a small bar where you can sit and watch the bartenders make the delicious drinks. I love the H&H sour which has an egg white that makes it so smooth and delicious. Sounds weird but it's so good. Draft selection is limited but I can usually find one that I like. Like I said the food is tag same as union. I love the smoked wings! The blue cheese dressing is delicious too. My only gripe? The prices are pretty steep and I've had cocktails that weren't great a few times. It all depends on who is working. That's why it's only a 3 star. Worth a visit though!
4	I've been a couple of times for the Wednesday evening Bingo nights (kind of a Bingo/trivia combo).  It used to start later in the evenings around 10pm but they've recently moved it up to 8pm which I think is better for a weeknight.  The Bingo is done in a separate room and they do provide table service there, but it can be a bit spotty during Bingo, especially in the beginning of the evening when they are just getting started.  I think it would work more smoothly if they would start table service about 30 min before Bingo starts rather than right after Bingo starts, which can be more disruptive.  People usually prefer to get their food and drink before the game so there are less interruptions.  For some reason both times I went the servers weren't very attentive or friendly.  The last time I went the server seemed annoyed sometimes when I would ask for things or would walk away without fully letting me ask my question (such as when I asked for water and she just waved me over to some water available in the corner, but I didn't get a chance to explain there were no cups and I needed a cup).  The bartenders were quite friendly and helpful though.  The food has always been quite delicious and I've enjoyed both the mac n cheese and the wings.  The wings are particularly smokey and meaty.  They have a decent beer and wine selection as well as some really interesting and creative cocktails that they change up each time.  For Bingo they were offering $5 cocktail specials with a few specific choices which was a nice deal.  The Bingo leader is an interesting character.  I don't recall him being this way the first time I went, but this most recent time when he started the came he seemed rather drunk and/or high or manic and it was certainly and interesting and entertaining game, though I think he offended a few people with his crude humor.  The game was highly entertaining and including some interesting historical stories as part of the triva (with lots of sex topics so don't bring the kids!) and there were lots of fun random prizes like santa beards, latex gloves, toy dinosaurs, etc.  If you are easily offended or don't appreciate vulgar humor this may not be the event for you.
4	This is a great bar! Very nice whiskey selection, cocktails are unique and made well.  Service is really good.  The food you can order from Union Pig & Chicken is a must.  I'm happy that they at least have 1 big screen in there, but it's not overwhelmed with televisions. The decor is modern and simple.  The backroom is huge, so it's nice for events.  Definitely a go-to spot!
