5	The food was really good, and I will definitely be returning soon. I've heard how popular fried chicken is in Korea, and based on the chicken here I can see why that's the case. The batter is light and crispy, and the sauce is really tasty and applied liberally. The radish pickles, the typical side dish for Korean fried chicken, were a tasty new experience, and I was impressed by the all the bubble tea options. The staff was very friendly and attentive, and they seemed genuinely invested in ensuring that I had a good dining experience.
4	KFC! Korean Fried Chicken hits Pittsburgh!For some of you, these are going to be some of the best wings you have had...ever. This is KFC, double fried for crispyness and smothered in a glorious sauce, either sweet and spicy or soy garlic. These are not your typical bar hot wings: these are almost double the size, bursting with flavor. Cut the spiciness with some pickled radishes, and then go for some more. chick'n and bubbly is currently in its soft opening, offering bubble tea and wings. Grand opening with be 8/25/14, where they will offer their full menu, including various katsus. The space is small, only a few seats and tables, so for now, take out is your best bet.I tried their black milk bubble tea- very, very good(if you see my previous reviews I love bubble tea). The tapioca pearls are sweet and chewy.Is this like Bonchon or Kyochon, the famous KFC chains from Korea? Not exactly, but it is equally as good, and the wings are a bit bigger. If you've never tried KFC, this is the place to do it!
3	Although I work in Oakland I hadn't stopped here yet since there's plenty of options open during the day, but one evening I got stuck here when my battery needed a jump and my car was stranded on Forbes.  I had a half hour to wait for the AAA truck so I stopped here thinking it would be a quick snack while I wait for the truck, since it seemed like a fast food sort of thing.  Pretty much all they have is chicken and bubble tea, with a handful of side items, so I expected it to be a pretty efficient operation.  However, I ended up waiting a half hour for a small chicken order (they did apologize for the wait, but still, there was only one other person in there waiting and multiple staff).  The worst part was while I was waiting by the open garage door style window and enjoying the nice breeze and keeping an eye out for the AAA truck, they randomly come up to me and decide to close it up for no reason whatsoever, even though I had been waiting awhile already and I thought it was clear I was enjoying sitting there by the open window (and it's not that they were closing up, because people were still entering the door from outside after that).  After that the place was quite stuffy and warm and seemed a lot smaller and cramped.  Eventually I got my chicken and it was fine, but nothing amazing, and a little on the sweet side for my taste.  They only had 2 sauce options and I chose the garlic soy.  I did really like that you could choose drumsticks or wings though (or a combo) since I prefer the drumsticks.  Also, although I ordered the small I was surprised it only came with 3 chicken drumsticks (there is also one size smaller than that).  I kind of thought it would be at least 6, like a half order of wings at a restaurant (thought admittedly they were a bit larger than normal wings/mini drumsticks). So it was a little pricier for the amount you get than I initially thought.  But a decent later night option for the Oakland area.  I did end up making it back in time to meet AAA but only by like 2 minutes so it was a close call.
5	Outstanding chicken!  Pittsburgh has been sorely lacking a Korean fried chicken place for a long time.They're currently in a soft opening with the grand opening in late August so there are limited menu options.  I got the sweet and spicy wings and a strawberry milk tea with bubbles.  Amazing.There's limited seating and the food does not typically come out quickly (I think I waited 10 minutes for my chicken) so plan accordingly.
4	I went during their soft opening, so the menu was still limited. I'm hoping to try some of their other menu options after their grand opening at the end of august.The chicken is double fried and is delicious.  You can choose from wings, drumsticks, or a combination of both and choose from a sweet and sour or a soy garlic sauce. The wings and drumsticks were a good size and I had the sweet and spicy sauce, which was very tasty, but made a bit of a sticky mess (be sure to ask for a few extra napkins).  They will spice up the sweet and sour sauce, so be sure to ask for that if you like it hot. It sits a bit heavy, so I found that the snack size was perfect for one person.  It does take a few minutes for them to prepare the chicken. So be prepared to wait a few, but it's worth the wait.The bubble milk tea was some of the tastiest I've had. The tapioca bubbles are prepared fresh every couple of hours and the tea was very flavorful.  They made the tea quickly, so I was able hang out and sip it while they finished up my chicken. The bubble tea cups even have a sealed top in case you're trying to carry a bunch of them at once, no leaking possible.  This is important, because this is mostly a take out joint.  There are only a couple tables inside, but when the weather is nice, there are lots of good places to sit outside and eat within a block of the restaurant.
4	I'm a huge boba or tapioca Pearl fan.  Since moving to Pittsburgh I haven't found a decent place. ... Until now.  The taro milk tea with tapioca pearls was awesome.  And almond smoothie was great.  I would recommend this place. The gentleman at the counter was very patient with me (I'm picky). The place is small but cute and clean.
5	Very good food.  Crispy outside of the wing and tasty sauces.  Would come back again.  You can get regular buffalo sized wings or you can get the big chicken legs.  A milk tea with bubbles is a nice choice as well.  Great staff and customer service.
5	This Korean chicken store is awesome!! I am Korean, and I think their chicken is the best one I have ever had! The chicken is very crispy and tender. I heard that they use vegetable oil not shortening, and also the chicken is made with fresh chicken. I am so impressed with their food.:)
4	Yesss, so happy Korean fried chicken made its way to Pittsburgh when I did! I'm used to frequent artery-clogging Bonchon outings at home, and Chick'n Bubbly definitely lives up to my standard for KFC. By the way, if you've never had Korean fried chicken... brace yourselves. It's a life-changing experience. + Relatively short wait for chicken (especially compared to Bonchon)+ Delicious, crispy soy garlic wings (didn't try the other flavor)+ The five wings snack portion filled me right up+ The wings themselves are pretty sizeable+/- Very sweet bubble teas from syrup. They're tasty, but I would love to have some fresh fruit smoothie options- Pretty much takeout only, since the seating space is very limited. On the bright side though, the wait times are fast enough to grab and go!When that post-studying fatigue strikes, I definitely anticipate more cravings for KFC, and I'd happily come back here.
5	I went this past Thursday during their soft launch. The chicken was super delicious though I hope Chick'n Bubbly improves their wait time for chicken (I would have downgraded the stars but the food just delivered). I happened to go during Pitt's move-in period and around noon. The space is small. I ordered the snack size with both (4 wings and 1 drumstick) in the soy garlic glaze for a lunch size meal. It also comes with a side of radish pickles. I'm not sure what happened but I waited about 20 minutes for what I thought would be a quick pop-in. That aside the chicken exceeded expectations in terms of crunchiness yet being so moist and fresh. You can see the cooks battering, frying, double frying and checking the temperature in their kitchen. I devoured the pieces within minutes and wanted even more though I was full so I'll be back to get some more and some other things.
2	I have heard many things about Korean Fried Chicken... "life changing", "orgasmic", "so good it will make you drop kick your mother, twice"...and "jolly good!"That being said, I was not the least bit recalcitrant to visit this new entrant into the Pittsburgh food scene, when it was brought to my attention by Maren V. Venturing back into the proverbial "old stomping grounds" of the University of Pittsburgh, and navigating the myriad of Sperry wearing, sweatpants clad undergrads, we entered the small and crowded establishment. Following a not so brief wait, we placed an order for soy garlic wings. We were informed, there were no drumsticks available. Tears. The order was delivered in a respectably prompt fashion. As a bonus, they had finger condoms ( is there a better name for these things?) if you are a Monk-esque having two hands dirty at the same time-a phobe, like myself. Lets get to the wings, shall we? The first bites for a KFC virgin such as myself were confusing to say the least. I had heard these were to be double fried, and crispy, yet tender. I detected no difference to regular chicken wings to be honest. The sauce was almost sickeningly sweet, yet lacking in any subtle distinction of flavor. Some were crispy, some were almost soggy. In all honesty, I threw about 8 away. I never throw food away. I generally eat everyone elses leftovers because I am fat as f***. I might chalk it up to being extremely busy, but I really dont have desires to give a second chance. I must find KFC elsewhere.
2	My husband and I love Korean food so we were super excited to try this place, especially after all the great reviews. Perhaps our wings were made wrong but these were not good. We each took one bite, he spit it out on a napkin and I made a face of disgust as I swallowed it. We ended up throwing them away, I don't believe we have ever done that before. They were soggy, overly sweet and tasted like paper, I really  I don't  know how else to describe it. The only reason why I'm giving this place two stars is because my strawberry milk tea was good.
3	I came here yesterday for lunch.  Having never tried Korean Fried Chicken (KFC) before, I was eager to try some KFC wings and drumsticks, esp. since I'm a fried chicken aficionado.  However, when I ordered (at 12:30pm), they told me they were out of drumsticks, so I was only able to order wings, which was disappointing.  I ordered the snack size, which comes with 6 wings, with soy garlic sauce, and I was told it'd be 15 min.  I don't often buy lunch in Oakland, but this seems like a long wait, esp. compared to other lunch places nearby, and I ended up waiting about that long.Re: the wings, I found them quite crispy and delicious, and definitely worth trying.  I wasn't a huge fan of the soy garlic sauce, since it was pretty sweet (akin to sauces served at Americanized Chinese restaurants); next time, I think I'll get it on the side, if possible.  (Obviously, I can't comment on authenticity or compare, since this was my first time trying KFC.)  I also tried a sample of the taro bubble tea during the grand opening, and found it kind of bland, hence why I didn't order any.  I also found the prices a bit high--6 wings set me back $6.19 (w/ tax)--esp. given the inexpensiveness of other lunch options in the neighborhood.Overall, I enjoyed the wings, and would recommend them to people who haven't tried KFC or are craving it (there aren't any alternative options in PGH).  However, this restaurant has some kinks to work out re: service and pricing that detracted from my experience.  I'd stop back in again, but I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to do so.  3.5 stars.
4	Bubble tea, bubble tea, bubble tea.  Gotta love this place.  Small little place but nice and clean.  I had passion fruit smoothy with boba and jelly.  Boba and jelly had nice flavor and good texture.  I ordered my smoothy a little less sweet in anticipation of some sweet that comes from boba and jelly.  The combination comes out very very nice....not too sweet but enough of flavor that all blended well together. Price for bubble tea here is cheap. Maybe because it is near college.  The small smoothy with boba and jelly was about $3.50.  The big one is about $4.50.  Every drink is pretty much less than $5.  Love!
2	They need to speed up their food prep time or something needs to change. Waiting more than 30 Mins every time I get here...it's not THAT worth of quality.
1	Too long of a wait for your food.  I was on my lunch hour and waited 25 minutes for food.  They need to speed up their food service for a to go restaurant.
5	This place is really awesome!!! Chicken is really tasty and special. It might take a time to get the chicken because they don't make the chicken before they get order. But it's worth to wait. Of course the taste is really fresh and juicy.    And they use real tea leaves for their bubble tea, so the bubble tea is really fresh and healthy.I know there are only few bubble tea stores that use real tea leaves. You can choose so many kind of topping for your bubble tea like Tapioca, Jelly, brust boba ..,etc.
4	The only reason why this is getting four stars is because they have a limited menu. But if you are looking for some out of this world fried chicken you should go! Make sure you get a side of pickled radishes and Takoyaki!
5	Definitely recommended. It's the first debut of Korean-style chicken in the Pittsburgh eat scene. Crispy chicken among various korean-fried chicken style is the strongest feature of this place. You can order chicken with hot, soy source or half and half. (Actually, I prefer plain fried style with dipping source, but.. it's ok.) Hot source is not too much spicy, so it's easy to eat, you are not familiar with spicy flavor, though. Combination with beer is absolutely fantastic! you can go to the Peter's pub in front of the place bringing take-out chicken. Only thing is a little bit slow to serve the food, but, it's ok. worth to wait. I have visited 4 times, and will visit again. Great place.
3	So I really like the wings at this place. Esp the combination (wings and drumstricks) in the garlic soy sauce. The seasoned french fries and pickled radishes are pretty good too. I don't really like the sweet and spicy sauce it's a little too sweet for me. For their bubble tea they don't really add ice so it's lukewarm which makes it not so refreshing.I went their twice before writing this review. The first time I went there I waited over 20 minutes for my order. They also seemed to not have nailed their operations quite yet since they didn't know how long the fried chicken had to cook in the frying machine. They constantly stuck a thermometer in each batch of fried kitchen to check if it was cooked or not. The second time I went they stopped with the thermometer thing but I still waited over 20 minutes to get my order. Keep in mind it's a really small place so sometimes you have to wait outside for your order when all the seats are taken. As for the ambiance it's pretty cute but again, extremely small. Service is pretty good too.I would go back again just for their garlic soy wings but only if I have the patience to wait for 20 minutes to get it.
3	I miss bon chon and was so excited to check out this place.The wings are pretty meaty and enough sauce for me. I got the wings, 10 soy sauce garlic and 10 sweet & spicy. More sweet than spicy. They're just super cornstarchy or something that makes you feel full after 3 wings and the drumstick of the wings were dry. I always prefer the wing parts though. I did not like the radish. It was very watery making the radish mushy.
4	Finding good bubble tea in Pittsburgh is not easy, but this place does well with theirs. I like that they have the option of green tea jelly, it different. I just wish they had coffee jelly. They also sell Korean chicken, which I haven't tried. They just need more workers or blenders. One worker on the register and one making drinks to speed things along. Next time you're in Oakland try it out!
5	Oh my god yes. Best chicken I've ever had, but every time I go they always run out of wings! The prices aren't bad but they aren't cheap. The plus side is that you get a lot for what you pay.  My favorite so far is their soy garlic, their sweet and spicy chicken has way too much sauce and drowns out the flavor of the chicken.Their bubble tea is amazing with a variety of different options to add to your tea from jelly to flavored bubbles.
5	I've had life changing chicken before (see my review of Bolton's Hot Chicken in Nashville), but this is the GOOD kind of momentous chicken.Chick'n Bubbly's Korean Fried Chicken is THE BEST. SO FREAKING GOOD. It's the perfect level of crisp fried-ness. It's like crispy fluffy heavenly clouds of coating around the chicken with the most delicious soy garlic sauce perfectly glazed like a silver lining around the aforementioned delicious coating. Yep, I've come up with the perfect metaphor now, it's like throwing heaven in a deep fryer and coating it with savory asian sauce.Dear lord, you need to eat here (yes God, you need to eat here too). A couple of side notes, the soy garlic sauce is the best, you can get extra spicy sauce on the side to douse them with too (I do that, it is so yummy), and the daikon is the fresh kind, not like at sushi places.My favorite thing to do for lunch when here? Place my order for a small size of wings, go next door to Oishii and get Kimchi and Wakame Salad for my sides :)Please note, never get the french fries here. Literally the worst of my life, but the chicken is so good I can't bear to give them less than 5 stars.
4	When it comes to Korean fried chicken in general, I must admit that I can get a bit religious- it's THAT good.  With that said, the fried chicken here was pretty excellent, although not quite as good as the food-of-the-gods from Bon Chon to deserve a 5 star rating.  For anyone who has never had Korean fried chicken, TRY IT.  It can be life changing.  (It would also be a good idea to get it with picked radish on the side, which works as a nice palette cleanser).  Overall, very good.
3	Eh, I've had better, but it's decent.Visiting Pittsburgh and a friend, we decided to stop by this Korean fried chicken place.  We were intrigued as we absolutely LOVE Korean fried chicken.First, they have a wealth of bubble tea flavors. We got the thai iced bubble tea- it was alright. The boba was good, however, I'm pretty sure they use mix for their flavors. However, the tea itself was pretty good.Next we ordered a medium of a mix of the sweet n spicy and the soy garlic sauce. They ran out of drumsticks that night (what), so all we got were wings. We had three people- and could barely finish a medium, so mind you, the portions are LARGE.The sweet n spicy wasn't really spicy. And I felt like the wings weren't fried to what you  would normally expect in Korean fried chicken- it wasn't crispy enough, almost more soggy like. Eh. Plus, you had to pay for the radishes too! What! That's a side dish!I thought it was neat though that they had these finger coverings so that your fingers didn't get dirty. Heh. Kind of awkward to use though.Nice concept, but eh, I've had better Kfc. If you're ever in Ann Arbor, try Seoul Street- this place could definitely do a lot better.
3	First trip and not bad after taking a stressful test. Not bad milk tea but haven't eaten the chicken yet
5	I love the concept. I love the freshness. I like the little finder covers too. It's tender but fried to perfect. I like both of the sauces, but prefer the sweet and spicy.. which isn't too spicy. The yam fries are good also. Great addition to the Oakland food scene.
