2	We went expecting what the Biodome advertised: "At this captivating kid-friendly exhibit you can amble through a rainforest, the Arctic Circle, rolling woodlands or along the raw Atlantic oceanfront - all without ever leaving the building. Be sure to dress in layers for the temperature swings."What we found was a depressing little zoo. The animals are in VERY SMALL exhibit spaces, and most of the big animals are the only of their kind. The penguins are in the tiniest space I've ever seen in a zoo for these birds, and some looked sick. Whatever you do DO NOT go into the exhibit room in the basement near the restrooms. Unless you want to see the dead stuffed (and occasionally in rug form) relatives of the animals you just visited upstairs. We came out forever scarred by the Room Of Death. I hear they keep Pauly Shore cryogenically frozen somewhere near the gift shop. Bastards. The only reason I gave them a second star is that I think it's important for kids to see animals like this up close so they learn to care about their fate. But there is nothing majestic about seeing any of them in the Biodome.
1	I had a few moments of the kids saying, "Oh my gawd, look at that!" So I was happy they were impressed, but as Kate F. mentioned, the exhibits are depressingly small, and the aptly named Room of Death should be condemned by zoos everywhere. The only truly enjoyable moments were watching the beavers carry rocks and logs, and spotting a few enormous fish. Otherwise, the Biodome was lackluster at best. Actually, I'm surprised that eco-friendly Canada stands for the place to be kept open, considering how inhumanely tiny the animals' living spaces are. Honestly, how can a beaver truly be happy in a bathtub-sized pool? If there's a Canadian Humane Society, I hope they get up off their haunches and shut this place down.
4	I had a lovely time here. Not quite sure why the other folks on Yelp were unhappy. As soon as you walk in you realize that the animals pretty much roam free. A huge bird (clearly I don't know my animals) was walking around freely, while people got the heck out of its way. The puffin and penguin exhibits were my favorite! Great for kids and old kids, like me. :)
3	The Biodome was worth going to, though I didn't spend too much time here.  You can see the whole thing in about 30-40 minutes.  I wouldn't say it was a highlight of my trip to Montreal, but it was something relatively fun and entertaining to see, for what it was.  I enjoyed the rainforest room, though it was a little too humid for me to stay for very long.  The little black monkeys with the long tails reminded me of my black cat Luc back home.  :)  The Saint Laurent river area was neat too - and I enjoyed seeing the beavers!  I was literally thinking "YAY!  A beaver!  How Canadian is that?!?!"  Oh, and the bat cave was cool too... a little creepy, but cool.  I had a good laugh at the ocean area.  Maybe I'm spoiled having grown up so close to Monterey and Carmel, CA, but the ocean area with it's fake backdrop, barely moving water, and strategically placed rocks for the birds to converge on was more than a little lame.  Also, being a lifelong frequent visitor to the Monterey Bay Aquarium, I was underwhelmed by the sea life exhibits, the otters, and the penguins.  I'm sure they're not really *that* bad, but by they pale by comparison to the MBA.Was starving when I left, so I went to the little cafe on the premises.  Had a mediocre lunch consisting of a slice of pizza and some salad.  That was the only vegetarian choice offered.  Oh well, it worked!
4	Aww, I liked the Biodome. If it's only taking less than an hour to get through, you're going too fast or perhaps you've been here before. I enjoy just standing in each ecosystem and looking in the trees, air or water for whatever creature comes springing or gliding into view. My favourite section is the underwater observation tank in the St. Lawrence Marine Ecosystem where you can actually watch these huge fish swim and familiar birds dive and paddle just inches away from you. It's very hypnotic and I enjoyed just parking myself here for about 15 minutes. In all, there are five ecosystems that you're usually a part of, so the shift between exhibits is cool. If you want to put down the extra dough, you can also see the Insectarium and Botanical Gardens ($27 for adults). If you're a student, senior, Quebec resident or child, you'll get a hefty discount.
4	The biodome is great fun for kids (and kids at heart).  Think of it like an indoor zoo, but more awesome... if zoos aren't your thing though, steer clear.  It has four distinct sections, which are created to imitate the natural ecosystem.  So the rainforest is hot and muggy while the laurent forest is a nice comfortable fall temperature.  The antarctic section is behind glass, which is kind of sad, I'd rather be cold than try and take pictures of the adorable penguins through glass.  While its not large as far as zoos go, it was a unique experience, and one I'd go see again.I'm only sad because the otters were asleep :(
4	The rainforest was my favorite!!! Be prepared to step into humidity. You can check in your coat downstairs for $1.50. I was amazed by all the greenery and monkeys. It was one photo after the other nonstop. I was pretty fascinated by the bat cave. Bats were zooming around without resting. I don't think I've seen anything like it. However, once stepping into the colder part of the museum, where the penquins are trapped behind glass windows and seagulls flying within the ceilings, it became a sad scene. Feature of a zoo. Nice to see the eco-friendly waste baskets and lighting.
3	This was a fun thing to do while we were in Montreal but it wasn't anything special. It was basically like any other zoo. It was a little overpriced. The outdoor area is poorly maintained. The best parts were the Penguins, Otters, & Porcupine. It would be a good place to take kids.
2	Far be it from me to anthropomorphize animals, but I swear, half were manic and the other half depressed.  In one corner, the ducks that acted like drunk synchronized swimmers (granted, I've never met synchronized swimmers, drunk or otherwise); the beaver that stuck to the glass like a squeegee; and the fish that were crammed against each other like they were in a fish orgy.  In the other corner, the alligator that stood still with his mouth wide open no matter what was going on around him and the sloth that takes an entire day to get down from the tree and poops only once a week.  Okay, so that last part is normal for sloths, but still strange and gross.This place apparently went up in the 70s, for the Montreal Olympics, and seems stuck in that era.  It probably seemed like a good idea at the time, but I would hope that our views towards animals have evolved in the 30 years since.  Perhaps not.  The fact that in each section the animals share one big space seems to reassure people that we're benevolent creatures, but it's basically a prison yard with trees and water.  Would you want to live in an auditorium or a pool, no matter how big and well-equipped? I'm clearly not PETA-irific, since I wear leather, but I'm just not a big fan of cages or tanks, for anyone.  Except babies -- I'm fine with play pens.P.S. This is completely unrelated, but the best part, if you can call it that, involved a cop mooning me and my family as we were leaving.  Something about their version of Candid Camera, which I confirmed on Youtube.  Those crazy Canadians. . .
4	we weren't expecting a ton of fun, but it was surprisingly well-put together. a lot of fun and inexpensive - if you carry your student ID card. yes, I may have gradumacated but hey, it's a rough economy out there.there's an inverse bell curve of age distribution - it's young children, and their parents. so our bunch of 20-something science/engineering geeks from New York and New Jersey probably looked a little out of place.some of the birds will come down and walk on the paths with you. that was cool. the bat cave was awesomely set up if disorienting, and the dive-bombing birds taking on the giant fish in the aquarium may have been my favorite part.I do agree with the post that says this place seems to be stuck in the 70s (it has that design/look to it) but they seem to have been taking care of it all along, so it's not dilapidated. and yes, it is kid-oriented, but also a GREAT spot for photography.you can also purchase ticket packages for the BioDome and the Olympic Tower and some other sights, to save even more money. for a bunch of college students and recent college alumni, this was music to our ears.their web site has an exhaustive database with information on all the life-forms there, and webcams as well. I don't know if I would go back, since I don't think they change it very often, but for a first time thing in Montreal, it's well worth it.
3	This place is probably more for kids. I only enjoyed coming to see the biodome because I have never been to anything quite like it before. For a first experience, it was great to be able to reach out, touch the plants, see the many different animals in their "natural" habitat, and learn a little bit about them. My most favorite part was probably all the photos I was able to take. With no fence or walls, it was pretty intense to see a monkey only 10 feet away from me dangling with her baby in a tree. For the $25 I spent for the package to see the Biodome and Olympic Tower, these sites maybe held my attention for about 1.5 hours. Too short lived, not enough to look at, and lacking in any kind of interaction exhibits. A must see if you never been here but please don't expect a whole lot.
4	My husband and I found the Biodome to be a nice diversion.  As a teacher, I would want to take my students there.  It best serves to educate about some of the different biomes on Earth, and is a very good resource if you happen to be a local educator.  We spent three hours there, as I like to sit quietly and observe.  The least favorite of mine was the Antarctica environment, but I had great time observing the rain forest, woodland forest environment, and the Madagascar exhibit was highly entertaining made possible by the visiting lemurs.  I also think it was the first time I had ever seen a cappyberra swimming around in any zoo/exhibit.  If you have kids, this place will be a learning experience, and if you enjoy going to zoos, this place may not be the cutting edge of zoological technology, but it is a pleasant time spent while there.
4	I can understand all the low scores that are given, mainly because of the fact that they hate to see the animals captive in synthetic environments which are much smaller than they'd enjoy out in the wild.  But, if you feel like that, I don't actually believe that this place would have been GOOD for you to peruse period, so why you went is really beyond me.  Is it not similar to visiting a zoo?  It was very cool to be in the rainforest-ish setting with the birds and monkeys roaming freely - free enough  to walk up to you.  I'll admit other aspects were cool, but none cooler than that area.  The penguins were great to see in person.  That was actually one of the very few highlights of visiting Montreal, as well as going up the tower.  Go there, but if you hate seeing animals in any sort of captivity, than don't go  there.
4	The simple awesomeness of penguins, monkeys and a kapibara in Canada warrants a visit to the Biodome.90 minutes or two hours strolling through the Biodome's ecosystems are time well spent indeed. The relative freedom of the animals to roam their pavilion is a great change from zoo cages, and you can play monkey-spotting or admire the beautiful macaws, knowing too well you can't own one because it would out-live you.Try to avoid school holidays and weekends if possible. You don't want the place to be bustling with hyperactive kids having a great time. You also definitely want a spot for sitting in the penguin section and a view on the swimming penguins, without a crowd of munchkins obstructing the water line.Admission is steep if you aren't a Quebecer or a student. Definitely worth a visit though. If you bundle the Biodome with the Botanical Garden the deal gets better.Do not do the Olympic tower. You get a better view from the Mont Royal chalet. It is free and involves a healthy trek up the hill.
4	Penguins!  The Biodome in Montreal was once the home of cycling and judo Summer olympics, but has now been converted into an indoor nature exhibit.  There was 4 different exhibits: Tropical, Lauretian Forest, Marine and Polar eco systems. The Polar was definitely the coolest.  There was tons of penguins the Arctic has 2 variations and the Antartic had 4 different kinds.  The penguins are super friendly and swim right up to the glass to say hellos.  Well maintained place, with lots of different animals and habits.  The tropical rain forest was my second favorite, mainly because I've never been in a rain forest.Came on a weekday and was able to find plenty of free street parking.  We bought Biodome tickets for $16, bring your student ID for a $4 discount!.
4	This is a nice place to spend a winter or summer day indoors. It's a perfect place to take kids and is an enjoyable experience for almost any age group! The best part are the penguins. They take you back to memories of Happy Feet! Definitely a place to stop by when inMontreal.
4	Very fun attraction in Montreal.It was a cold day, so I had my jacket and a thermal shirt on.  Big mistake.  As soon as I hit the rain forest area my internal thermometer was done.  I was instantly sweating.  Taking off my jacket helped, but wow it was nuts.  The Maple forest was better, but I wish they let you feel the cold of the Sub-arctic region.The animals were wonderful.  It was great seeing them in a representation of their natural habitat.  My favorite happened to be the Canadian Lynx.  The penguins were very too.Get there you will love it.
2	The concept of the Biodome is great, but the execution is faulty...I really thought it would be bigger.The Biodome is marketed somewhat as a Zoo, it's just not what I expected after visiting many quality Zoo's elsewhere.  I mean, you can literally walk this place in an hour, which includes stopping and taking pictures of elusive animals, and yet it costs $17 per person.  The limited engagement at a high price yields a lower rating.  However, I do agree that for Montreal it's nice for some because there is nothing else like it around.  Perhaps if I had children I'd be more inclined to return.It really is easy to get to, as it's located right outside the Viau metro stop on the green line In the old olympic village.  You can group your tickets to other attractions for a slight discount, for example you can add the olympic tower for an extra $10 per person.At the end of the day, I can think of better things to do with $60 instead of 2 hours for 2 people in the old olympic village in Montreal.
3	The penguin section was not available for viewing. This was a huge disappointment. I'd like to know why it is about $2.50 more for Non-Quebec residents than it is for Quebec residents. I even paid LESS than what the price sign said. I paid $12.00 to get my ticket and the sign said $14.00 for a Quebec Resident, yet I was with my cousin and her husband from Cornwall Ontario, and they had to pay the full price of about $16.25 x 2 + $8.25 for their daughter of 9 yrs. It was an expensive trip for them and we toured it first so quickly that we did a second tour (for no extra charge). What saved the Biodome from a total failing grade is the fact that on the second time around, we were lucky enough to see animals that we actually did not see on the first tour. We were able to get amazing photos of the monkeys, fish, crocodiles, and beaver. My 9 year old cousin had a great time. I would return, but only if ALL of the sections are open so I'd would probably have to call first or visit the website for this information.I want to remark how I am a member of an animal welfare group. These animals look well cared for and I believe that they are. Their living ecosystems are huge. The 'sub-ecosystems' such as the otter area could be bigger, but that otter has been living there happily for many years. The beaver has more space to swim than it looks from the glass viewing area. That part is NOT the only space he has to swim. Thanks for reading!
2	The biodome is not a zoo, and it's not quite a botanical gardens.We came this past weekend and found the longest line I have ever seen in my life. There were people everywhere. The line went all the way around the biodome, to the theater, then back again. We had paid for a taxi there, so we had little choice but to wait in line. It moved fast-ish though, I'd say we were outside for about an hour.Once we got in I realized why there were so many people there - it was free day. So the good news was that there was no charge, the bad news was that because it was free there were thousands upon thousands of people there. Many more than I am sure is normal.Antarctic area was closed, so that congested the people even more and it was not at all an enjoyable experience. We were just a body of smelly humanity that surged forward en masse. There was no space or time to enjoy any of the exhibits.But what am I going to do? Ask for my money back?
2	So we arrive at the Biodome which is probably 5 miles outside the city and located next to the Olympic Stadium. There is a line outside that just seems to go on for ever and ever. We wait patiently in the line for 1 hour as it circled back and forth. Finally, as we got to the front, there were some signs saying that the Antarctica area with the penguins and puffins was out of service. Maybe they walked North for the summer. No problem, I told my friends that I am sure that there would be a discount. There was, and it explained the line. It was museum day in Montreal, so the entire thing was free. This would have been fine if not for all the wild children running around with the wild animals. The other problem was that as we walked through the rain forest, mountain area, ocean, and other live animal areas, you do really see too much. The animals are either sleeping of hiding and want nothing to do with all the screaming kids that are there. Probably the best part about this place was the gift shop. They had some neat stuff. It was hyped up in the brochures as a must see in Montreal. I would certainly skip it I went back. Oh well, at least the price was right.
4	I didn't know what to expect of the Biodome. I lived in Montreal for three years and never visited, even as a school aged kid!Knowing my affection for chatting with wildlife, the BF suggested it.We were told that the Arctic exhibit was closed but other three were still open, and they gave us a couple bucks off admission for the closure.I LOVED it!! We started in the Rainforesty Tropical area. Monkeys, birds, capybara and the plants were amazing too. The animals look so relaxed, just chillin' in their well-faked environment. The humidity and temp. was a bit much for my furnace of a BF, but i looooved it. Reminded me of being in Bali. So nice. The forest area was nice too. They've done such a good job at recreating the environments! There was also a coastal area with LOTS of fish and birds. The fish were actually really amazing. They have a HUUUUUUGE deep tank and you can go below the waterline to see them. Then back up to the surface to see if from another view. We were there for a few hours and it was well worth it!!
3	I was not all that overly impressed with Biodome.  Being that I'm an animal and nature lover this is one of the places that my fiance and I wanted to visit while in Montreal.The diversity of their animals, enclosures, and how the animals were displayed did not overly impressive my fiance and I; hence, whenever my fiance and I usually visit a new place, we almost always visit their local zoos and aquariums.Being that we have been to many different zoos and aquariums, the bar that we have for judging places like this are pretty high.  It was interesting to visit Biodome once, but we will not go there again.
4	4 stars for families, 3 stars with no kids.  Animal variety a little limited, but enough aquariums and other wildlife to keep you interested.  Penguins and puffins are great- easily biggest highlight of the Biodome.  Location a little out of the way and surrounding Olympic Park is dull and depressing.
3	Better than a zoo because you are pretty much with the animals, though smaller in every aspect except the gift shop.  After the wonderment of the rain forest with monkeys, alligators, and some birds flying by you, walking by you, saying hello, it gets a little slow with the more temperate climates. The other highlight is the arctic, where you'll have fun watching the penguins and puffins. My advice is to watch the penguins for as long as possible. They are really cute, and do fun things. I want to be a penguin. It's definitely a worthy thing to do for a tourist, and even a local.
4	The Biodome is a nice example of repurposing an otherwise unused structure and making it useful again.the Biodome is basically an enclosed collection of plants and animals representing the different ecosystems of Earth. a Desert scene would have been cool but otherwise, we had a nice time.  There were plenty of hands on displays and some intereactive elements all over the place.  The deomonstrations are in French and English to accomodate the visitors.  Watch out for the sections that have birds flying around. you are liable to get pooped on.The gift shop is nice, kind of pricey but that's to be expected and the snack bar had the usual offerings.  if you've got an AAA or CAA membership, they give you a 25% discount on admission for up to 2 adults and 2 children.Parking  in the lot was $10 for the day which isn't bad but it isn't good either. All in all, it's worth a visit.
4	I know this place is for kids, but I loved it! We purchased the Nature Package, which gives you access to the Biodome, Insectarium and Botanical Garden. If you're a college student and have your ID on you, it's only $21 for all three, which I think is a pretty good deal.I wish they could add more ecosystems over time (they only have 5 at the moment - Tropical Rainforest, Laurentian Maple Forest, Gulf of St. Lawrence, Labrador Coast, and Sub-Antarctic Islands), but I don't know if that would be feasible.The Tropical Rainforest section really reminded me of the Tropical Rainforest exhibit in the National Aquarium in Baltimore. My favorite exhibit would have to be the Sub-Antarctic Islands though! The penguins and puffins were ADORABLE.I didn't get to see the "Room of Death" that other reviewers talked about - and that's probably a good thing.
4	For the limited space available, Biodome de Montreal does a wonderful job of displaying some amazing open exhibits. And in contrast to aquariums/zoos in the U.S., these exhibits seem much more open in terms of being able to see the animals at a much closer distance.The layout is efficient, as you're basically led through one direction with different sections for tropical, forest, and marine animals. For the price, you can't really beat it for the entertainment value you get. And of course, you're supporting a great cause as with most wildlife exhibits.I'd come back
4	I like the concept and the exhibits were well planned and pretty well executed.But at $17...it was really a tad too expensive. Not sure i'd recommend it to anyone else
3	I've been to the Biodome countless times since I was a kid and it's always a fun time. I've been to Montreal twice this year and both times I've visited the Biodome. In the summer, I was disappointed to learn that the arctic/antarctic exhibit was closed, which meant no penguins for me.But when I went back last weekend with a few people that had never been, the penguins were back!So essentially, it's an indoor zoo. But unlike regular zoos, the animals aren't caged in. You actually walk through and experience their environment. The first room is the tropical jungle so naturally it's hot in steamy (there's a coat check downstairs if you don't want to carry it around as you won't be needing it!). As you walk through keep your eyes open and TAKE YOUR TIME! There are so many animals just resting high up in the trees and if you don't look for them, you'll miss out.After the jungle comes the typical north american forest then the St. Lawrence seaway marine environment and finally the PENGUINS!It costs $16 for adults, unless you go with someone who is a resident or speaks French and can pretend to be a resident, then it's $2 off!It takes an hour or two to get through it and it's definitely worth it!
2	Ok, I admit I did expected more from Biodome but then I looked at the price again and realized that what you pay for is what you get.I had student discount offer even though I was just a visitor of Montreal. The climate control of each exhibit was done pretty well. I was sweating like crazy when I was in the rainforest. I liked how the animals were in plain view and it wasn't hard to track them down. Each exhibits were short and before you knew it, it was over. The entire Biodome can be done under an hour which isn't so exciting and a lot of the interactive monitors were either broken or weren't on. So, there were some animals which I have no idea what they were since the info booth was off.I don't think Biodome was worth the full adult price but if you can get it at a discount you'll be much more happier. I was definitely disappointed, makes me wonder how the Insectarium and Botanical Garden would've been like.
5	Perfect place to bring your kids in the middle of winter when it's too cold out to do anything... Winter bonuses include: no tourists + the tropical dome is like taking a mini holiday in the Caribbean.
3	nice zoo and decent animals, nothing extraordinary though.
4	I know it's pricey to go to the biodome (and I hesitated before purchasing tickets on top of the botanical gardens/insectarium), but I really loved it. The different terrains are thoughtfully landscaped. The animals actually seem happy. Unlike a zoo, this is not a place to see a huge variety of species. Instead you'll find "highlights" from different climates. The animals are very easy to find (except for the sloths, but I think that's usually the case). The habitats were big enough that I didn't feel sad looking at the animals. The sub-arctic habitat was my favorite - but I'm a sucker for puffins and penguins. If you have the time and the energy after walking through the botanical gardens (definitely go there first!), the biodome is a nice place to finish up your trip.
3	We came here on Free Museum day in Montreal and the lines were redonks! We kept getting fooled after turning a corner and seeing more and more of the line before we could get in! We ended up waiting about 45 mins on line - but it was free!Since there were SO MANY PEOPLE, we were forced to join a slow moving line of people through the rainforest (which is disgustingly humid, btdubs), before we decided to cut away from the pack and book it to the penguins.The penguins are sooooo freaking adorable! Aside from being my favorite animals (and they are always dressed so smartly in their tuxes), they love to ham it up for the cameras! A lot of them swim super close to the glass & I even spotted one in the corner, basking in the glory of the camera flashes ;) The biodome was cute, but aside from the penguins I wouldn't really see a reason to come here OR pay admission.
4	I went with two other adults and no kids in our group. We all really enjoyed the different segments and the way the animals/ birds were not all enclosed/ secluded like in most zoos. Some of the animals in here were one that I had not seen before and it was a fun experience. This is a clever use for a building built for the Olympics. If you also plan to go to botanical gardens it would be beneficial to get the ticket bundle for additional savings.
3	Enjoyed coming here, even if it was just during some down time before my flight back home. Love penguins! All of the four areas have some interesting animals to see. the penguins were obviously my favorite - several were swimming around and flipping in the water and it was very cute to see. The location of the biodome is kind of sad. It's in the middle of a lot of concrete and the area in general is a bit of an eyesore. However, I ignored that and still had a fun time at the biodome.
4	The Chinese garden is the highlight of the gardens, followed by the Japanese gardens. Allow plenty of time to walk around as there is a lot of ground to cover.Too bad that ugly old Olympic stadium is right next door as it spoils the view of the Chinese garden.  I would have thought I was in China were it not for that white elephant overlooking the tree line.For an easy visit, just take the green line Metro to the Pie-IX station and you are right there at the gardens.  (Ugh, yeah, you could also visit the Olympic stadium, but I say skip it and go right for the gardens.)
2	The Biodome de Montreal is nothing compared to the Eden Project in Cornwall. Housed in what is becoming another rundown building in Olympic Park, the biodome appealed to us initially because each biome contained native animals, and quite frankly, the zoo/biome concept sounded intriguing. However, by adding animals into the mix, the Biodome de Montreal completely loses its audience for flora - no one pays attention to the plants (I couldn't even tell you if they were labeled) because they are all searching the tree tops of monkeys or birds. It's a bit of a shame, really.The biomes themselves, which focused on the tropical rainforest, maple forest, sub-Antarctic, Labrador Coast and Gulf of St. Lawrence, are so small you might miss them if you blink. These are certainly not on the scale of the expansive biomes at the Eden Project, where the tropical ecosystem covers nearly 4 acres. In fact, we actually thought we had missed one, because we only remembered going through three - turns out, some of these biomes just blend right into the next.I was also extremely disappointed that the Biodome de Montreal didn't have any displays whatsoever about the building's original use. I think they really miss a trick by not explaining how they converted this building from a velodrome (cycling stadium) into a biodome - that's what I find truly fascinating, and you wouldn't even know it.There are several pricing options for the biodome. If you're opting for just the biodome, the adult rate is $17.75, which is steep considering how little there is to see here. We opted for the "Nature Package," which granted admission to the botanical garden and Insectarium as well. The Nature Package was $31.50 per person and I can absolutely tell you it is not worth it - at least not in October when the garden is not in bloom.
4	Fun indoor zoo and the insectarium was awesome.. don't do the botanical garden in August everything is dead
3	Not much to do here but to view the old Olympic Stadium. They have a nice park which is probably best to visit during the warmer months.
5	If we're being completely honest in our choice of terms, there are few "world-class" destinations in any given city. The Biodome is one such place in Montreal. Where else can you walk through 4 ecosystems in 1-2 hours and really get a feel for each one's particularities?Where else can you learn something on every visit, whether you're 2, 16, 35, or 60 years old? Where else takes an already awesome concept and execution and creates special theme events to make the experience even more amazing? Yeah, I'm talking about the night visits where you get to see things in a completely different light - if you'll forgive the pun. The Biodome is one of Montreal's "must sees". If you're visiting, just go. If you're lucky enough to live here (and sometimes I need a reminder about that) go and take in the experience, and then start thinking of your return trip. I am constantly amazed, and proud of this world class Montreal site.
2	I'm no staunch animal rights activist, but when I repeatedly see people throw things or yell at resting monkeys, birds, and lynx cat, I cringe at our lack of decency. Post more staff, put up a sign, fence off humans from the animals. There are people who inevitably have to turn their backs to this site just as the monkeys turn their backs to us.
5	Superbe endroit instructif et agreable. Beau reamenagement de ces lieux ! Incontournable
5	Great place for family and kids. Penguins and monkeys, birds and fishes.... all under the same roof.
4	There aren't many places that houses several ecosystems under one roof.  The Biodome de Montreal offers a trio of such environments.  In some areas, visitors are within a few feet of the wildlife.  Being able to physically walk through wall of humidity of the lush jungles, feel the dry air of the deserts and press your face up against floor-to-ceiling tanks offers an experience like kno other.  If you have children, this is hands down a wonderful place to bring them.  I can't tell you how many children's faces I saw light up whenever they see an animal for the first time.  Even for adults, it's a nice way to spend a few hours.  Make sure you look up the schedule to catch the penguin feedings and the educational presentations in their local theater.
3	This is a cool spot and very educational. I loved the way that everything is divided into 4 ecosystems, I would have liked the polar/arctic room to have more though. I think that the entry fee is way too much for what you get. The gift shop is nice. You can find cool things like bags made from recycled juice boxes, insect snacks (yes REAL insects to eat) and small crystals, etc.Don't waste your time and money to take the elevator to the top of the city. You can essentially get the same view for free from the top of Mount Royal.
5	I've been to a few bio-domes and this one is very well organized. There is a central hub where you can go to the different climate areas. The new aquarium exhibit, though not yet complete, is very nice. Very family friendly. Just wish it wasn't such an unusual walk to get there.
3	We visited the Biodome today and my entire family - my parents, brother, husband and son loved it.  The animal environments and the animals themselves were great.  My son loved the penguins.  The penguins were very playful, so they entertained my son for quite a while. The sitting area with flowers and chairs was also great for resting and for taking turns using the restroom.  The souvenir shop had a great variety of items and my son definitely loved several things in there.My main complaint is the price is a bit steep for what it is.  Entrance fees for five adults (my son was free), was about US $85.  For that price I expected a bit more to do (we probably sent 1.5 hours here, and only because my son loved the penguins and stayed there for a while).Overall it was a good visit and I'd recommend it to others visiting the Olympic Park.
4	I have a little bit of emotional attachments to Biodome since it's the first ever attraction I went to in Montreal, its the place where boyfriend and I had our first date and I love animals - particularly when they are allowed to roam freely in an habitat resembling their own natural environment. I went back for a return visit two years later and still loved it as much as the first time. It is one of the few unique zoos where the visitor follows a designated path through the lushes forests and is immersed in the world of the animals, discovering a little frog under the leaf, a bird in the trees, a turtle crawling on the ground, it brings a sense of wonder and discovery for both adults and children, from tropical to arctic to the ocean. When we went the first time, they had their 'Butterfly Go Free' event where you are admitted into the room where butterflies are free flying everywhere, sometimes even on the clothes of visitors. Remember that fairy tale dream of being surrounded by butterflies? This is it.Biodome is one of the museums in the complex near Olympic stadium and its tickets can be purchased as parts of combo with the Planetarium, Botanic Garden, Insectarium and Olympic Stadium. If you are visiting more than one attraction, skip the line at Biodome and get the tickets at another attraction.
2	If you have kids, it's raining, and there is nothing else to do, this is probably a great option. Unfortunately on it's own, I wouldn't really say it has a draw. The place was swarmed with camp groups and children running wild. I do not say this as hyperbole....there were literally thousands of children with very little adult supervision. I understand the Biodome people really don't have much control over this but perhaps they could space out when they sell group tickets, because having at least 10 different camp groups, takes away from other paying customers. There's also really not that much to see in terms of animals. I think we saw one monkey, a handful of penguins, and a smattering of birds and fish. Not impressed, to say the least.
5	5 stars for the penguin area.to see the penguin close up is so worth it! If you love penguin if will love this place. all other area is nothing special.
2	My major complaint about the Biodome is that if you want to truly enjoy your visit, you MUST visit it either very early in the morning or sometime during the week where the massive traffic of visitors won't bother you during your visit at this expensive attraction. Simply put, they need to start making lines so that people aren't going inside the Biodome in droves, one over the other, baby carriages and all throughout the attraction. Let's be honest with ourselves, the first exposition is the tropical forest and this area hits you in the stomach once you walk in being incredibly humid and hot. The last thing people who want to enjoy this exposition is to turtle walk behind slow people who are behind slower people that collectively make you feel that you're stuck on the Metropolitan at 5 PM while they gawk at things from the middle of the walkway causing a jam. Also the fear of trampling small children with poor parental supervision is an omnipresent feeling for this 6'4 giant.Worse are those who walk up to the aquariums in front of everyone and literally put their faces against the glass while everyone is forced to look at back of their simpleton head. Then another person does it, then another and the bandwagon continues and you either shake your head to move on or have to jump with the bandwagon to get your money's worth.Funnel the flow of people going in staff! It was ridiculous and it was obvious they didn't care what sort of experience people were hoping to get when they walked in.I've visited this site several times over the last 15+ years and they could made do with some love and add/improve some things... for example, more seating in the Penguin area! Their most interesting exposition. Only the penguin area allows this review to stay away from my first 1 star rating on this site.Another part I liked (the medusas) were under "upgrading". So I'm neutral about that. I'm happy they will make it better but I missed looking at those deadly things float around.My suggestion to you is candid within my first paragraph, do not come here during the weekend unless it's very early unless if you don't care about dealing with the crowds. If you do, enjoy your slow walk. :)
3	Biodome is more for children than adults. If you're from NY, it's a mini-version of the Bronx Zoo. A bit disappointed since the place contained short exhibitions that took less than an hour visit. Meanwhile, the admission line is close to a 40 min. wait to purchase tickets. There were only 4 cashiers in the front to handle the volume of incoming tourists and visitors. There is so much that Biodome can do to the attractions and expansion of the space. Unfortunately, some areas are either closed off or simply used for storage. For the pricing of the packages/tickets, this attraction definitely makes a kill at $19 per adult. I would suggest just to purchase the insectarium & botanical garden (both attractions are in the same park) to get the full value of your trip. **Tip: Admission has gone up since the website's last update** Breakdown on our trip for all of the museums: Jardin Botanique et Insectarium de MontrealAdult pricing- $29.50Biodome- $14.00Pleanetarium- $14.00-Continuum Chaos Theater & From Earth to the Stars Milky way Theater *The cashiers will let you know the showtime. Once you choose the time, it gets displayed in front of your ticket. This means you have to show up 15 mins prior to the showtime, otherwise you lose your seat. And it is non-refundable or transferable. You snooze, you lose deal.Total: $57.50 for all 3 museum pkg per adultWe purchased a package deal so the pricing might be different compared to individual ticket for each museum.
1	Awful. Crowded and there is nothing justifying the cost. Go to the botanical gardens instead.
4	This was my third time at the bio dome. We showed up around 12:30 on a Saturday during the labour day weekend, so the line was massive (almost an hour wait) - but it was worth it! Recommend checking it out.
2	Came here for the first time on Montreals annual Museum Day in May which means lots of people but free admission. We got here early and lined up behind the endless stream of people going into the place. The Biodome is basically made up of different habitat areas that house different areas so you can wander through each once and try to spot the animals. The areas include Rainforest, Antarctica, Ocean, Maple Forest. The areas are well set out although in some areas it is a battle to see any animals between the huge number of visitors and the very well done habitats that the animals just hide in. If you have never seen these kind of animals like Penguins up close then it is a good attraction or it is raining and there is nothing else for the kids to do but overall I couldn't find reason to spend more than an hr there and that was despite the queues to get through the place. Definitely not worth a special visit or the expensive admission fee, might as well go visit a real zoo or better yet a National Park where you can see the real thing.
4	This is a fantastic place for young and old alike. My liittle guy had a great time here and there's a wide assortment of exhibits, showing off the seasons and the critters that inhabit the surrounding regions.Best of all, whether rain or shine, it's always open!I would highly recommend getting the package deal with the planetarium and the gardens, otherwise the single admission for the Biodome is a bit of a rip-off.BTW, CAA members get a discount!
3	This was a pretty neat zoo that takes you through three environments: tropics, the woods near Montreal and the Arctics. There was a variety of animals and lots of plants in each of the environments - sloths, alligators, exotic birds, penguins, beavers, a river otter, and so on. The price wasn't bad and the access to the metro makes it easy to get to.
5	Yes. There were lynx kittens. What else do I need to say?Parked on street and walked over. Very cool experience. The more time you spend the more you will see. Very cool zoo experience.
3	Well, it's a good place to take the kids. It's not that entertaining for the adults... unless you're a big fan of penguins. It's not a very impressive zoo, the only thing that's interesting in my opinion is the recreation of the habitats of the animals.
3	As a family outing on a snowy Friday morning, this was fun. We paid $2 to check our coats, took a swing through the discovery center where our small son got to pet reindeer antlers, peer at a dragonfly wing under a microscope, and so on. The rainforest is amazing, the laurentian forest is pretty quiet, and the penquins are adorable. The good thing with a 4yo is we could turn him loose in each hall with the caveat "don't go through any doors" and let him run back and forth and back and forth while we looked more systematically.It's pretty expensive, though, for the relatively small number of things to see - you can go around again, though, and we might have except we went to get lunch. I probably wouldn't go again, but we had a fine two hours peering at fish and frogs and eventually locating a lynx ear-point in a chilly landscape. I wished we had more time for the fossil room, but the need for lunch overwhelmed us all (protip: if you visit the cafeteria, stick with the soup and sandwiches.)
4	Overall I was impressed with the Montreal Biodome. The exhibits were beautifully done and if you want to feel immersed in the habitat of each animal this is definitely the place for you. Those wanting to check off seeing a lot of animals would surely be disappointed. It's a great trip if you have the afternoon off - to make it more worth your while I suggest combining it with admissions to other attractions within the Space For Life.
4	Two things you've got to remember when visiting Montreal, 1. get a metro card, the more days the better, it'll get you all around town without worrying about parking. 2. Visit the biodome so you can help with funding the cause. I spent over 30 minutes watching their otter display, because it was feeding time and he was hyper and running/swimming all over the place. The beaver was doing some laps around the pool and scaring the ducks, pretty funny. Make sure you don't take your camera out during the first exhibit, the rain forest, because it'll fog it up and probably mess up its internals. A great place for kids.
3	I enjoyed my time here but for the price it really didn't have a lot to do. I think I walked through the  whole thing in less than an hour.  The different environments were neat.
3	Price is high for what it is great that they turned the space into an exhibit though. Maybe worth seeing once but I wouldn't put It on the list of things you must see in montreal. Of course we didn't go with any kids either but I thought it was a bit short. Some of the animals like the otter for example did not seem happy the beaver was scratching at its wall like it wanted to get out kind of puts a damper on the experience.
4	It was on the pricier side but I think you get your value for the dollar. My family and I had a very nice time and I will recommend this to anyone interested in visiting Montreal. All in all, a good time.
3	Overall :Pretty cool zoo-esque experience, although a bit pricey for what it is.  Definitely cool for kids.Experience :The animals are free within their area, so you get to see them behaving a bit more naturally than they might in a separated enclosure.  Watching from underneath as a duckling dived down to fish for a clam was awesome.  There are pretty limited signs, so you aren't always sure what you're seeing, but the two-toed sloth human-acclimation area was really neat, and the bat caves were awesome.Service : The staff here basically don't care.  The line to get in was huge, mostly due to inefficiency, and they didn't do anything to stagger the huge groups of school children that occasionally tore through.  Once you're in the exhibit, don't hope to find someone who works there if there's an animal you can't identify that isn't on the signage.  I would say my expectations were low, so I wasn't upset, but it could have gone better.Cost :For what it is, this is pretty expensive and there are better experiences elsewhere in the world.  The combo price for the botanical gardens is decent, but those were MUCH more interesting for the cost.  Other : Don't get suckered into going up the Olympic tower for almost $20.  There's nothing awesome around the old Olympic stadium, you'll get a better view from the top of the Biosphere or Mount Royal (we did not do the tower, but we did both of the latter and were happy with our decision)
5	What a great place to visit. This is the coolest reused building I've ever been into (it was the Velodome of the '76 Olympic Games). The habitats were well put together and the animals seemed to have enough space to hide and be seen. The rainforest is really really hot, the bat exhibit was cool (and scary) and the penguins were delightful. I loved how the birds could all fly and that it actually rained in parts of the dome. It is an AZA accredited facility and the docents/keepers were all very helpful. I will definitely be back on our next trip to Montreal.
5	This is a WOW...WOW...place...a must visit for all tourists of Montreal...the habitats are very well established....the animals feel more natural...the temperature is controlled for each habitat...moving from the rainy, humid, dim lighted tropical forests to the others...the animals are not enclosed except for fishes/bats nd penguins :P...but they are at a safe height or distance...you wouldnt find lions or tigers...but whatever they have its enough to keep you feel that its worth the money spent...
4	Pros: Layout, animalsCons: smallWe were in Montreal for the afternoon so we decided to check out the biodome. We have heard good things about it from other people and I feel as though in need to echo this. Like other indoor aquariums/animal domes I've been too, this place is well laid out and the flow kept people moving. I didn't seemed crammed in one area. I felt for its size there were lots of animals and things to see.The decor was nice - lots of trees, large habitat areas and good fish tanks. There was a good mix of animals including monkey's, birds, various fish types and penguins. Some people in other reviews said they found it crowded - I didn't experience this. But I was there in September, so it wasn't peak season. But I guess if the building is crowded you know people go to it, and you can extrapolate that the biodome continues to be a crowd favorite when visiting Montreal.In addition to the live animals they had an additional "museum" style area where there was stuff for kids and adults. They even had a whale skeleton. I would say that this place is well suited for both adults and kids.
3	3.5 starsRecently I took some relatives here on a rainy Saturday afternoon.  This is my 3rd or 4th visit in the last 8 years and I would rate it on the better side of okay.  Not fabulous but not horrible if you catch my drift!  We arrived here shortly around 2PM and it was evident that we were not the only people with the idea of visiting the biodome.  There must have been a good 5000-10,000 other people with the same idea that day.  So we had to get in a very long lineup for tickets.  Thankfully it was moving at a decent pace and we may have been in line for 10 minutes.  The Biodome is separated into 5 distinctive ecosystems:  1)  Tropical Rainforest -  3/5 Very hot and a tad stinky humid.  Birds and animals are somewhat difficult to see here.  The lines were very long also!  2)  Laurentian Maple Forest-  2/5 Supposed to be a lynx here but he was either hiding or sleeping in a corner.  In other times I've been here I've seen the lynx but sleeping!  3)  The Gulf of St Lawrence- 2/5 Some interesting fish but not a ton to see otherwise, some birds and a bit disappointing.  4)  Labrador Coast - 1.5/5 very small,  puffins and a few other birds.  5)  Sub Antarctic Islands- 4.5/5 Probably the highlight for kids with 3 different small kinds of penguins (gentoo, macaroni and northern rockhopper).  The penguins are plentiful and are walking down to the water and zig zagging, diving through the water.  Very playful and very fun to watch them shoot in and out of the water like a fast torpedo!  We also saw a Caiman in the rainforest and also they had a very cool display at the front with a sloth.  The sloth was hanging upside down scratching his rear etc.  Quite amusing!  I paid the Quebec resident rate of $15 per person.  Kids under 5 are free.  I would consider a decent activity with a kid under 5.  Otherwise for the lack of action and not a ton of animals to see it's questionable whether it's worth it in my mind?  Parking is another $12 on top of that.
3	An okay indoor zoo. Displays are kind of run down. Smaller than I thought it would be.
3	I like the biodome because they offer student pricing. I like the biodome because I get to see awesome animals and plants and get to see otters slide down their mini rivers.I HATE the biodome because it's constantly filled with childrens group being monitored by people who  couldnt' care less about how they're affecting other people's visits. It's also very frustrating to make the trek out there just for them to have an exhibit closed and not having that mentioned on the website (like what happened to me when they were renovating the penguins area).
4	I summoned my inner nerd and ventured out to the biodome which was one of the checkpoints I wanted to hit up on my first trip to Montreal. I came at a perfect time (which was near closing) because I was able to enjoy the exotic animals without having to push little bratty kids out of the way. As far as the exhibits, it was put together in a engaging informative way. From bats to alligators, piranhas to porcupines the staff does a good job of showcasing the creatures in relations to their ecosystems. On the downside, it was a bummer because not all of the animals were present. Go check it out, it's worth going.
4	Montreal is one of the prettiest cities in Canada... well that's my opinion anyways. The Biodome was an interesting thing to visit, there were lots of different types of wild life and exhibits which made for an interesting day trip. I would definitely recommend the Biodome to those visiting Montreal but you can do it in less than a day. There were exhibits I wasn't all that interested in but to each there own, there were still tons of great things to check out. The annoying thing was however that student prices could only be used if you were a resident of Quebec, which I think is a bit silly.
4	You can't get a place like this in the States. Being able to see so many animals, often up-close and without anything but air and guardrails between you is a real treat. I found it to be far more immersive than a typical zoo, as you will experience the same climate as the animals in each exhibit, with the exception of the arctic animals, which I'm pretty OK not feeling for myself. Montreal is cold enough.We were lucky enough to catch feeding time for the penguins, made friends with a beaver, watched a tiny monkey have the most adorable sneezing fit ever recorded, among other highlights. Sure, it's not as big as a zoo, but what the Biodome lacks in sheer variety, it handily makes up for in an expertly tailored experience that is worth savoring.After reading other reviews, I have a recommendation to make: Go in the wintertime, preferably on a weekday if you can afford it. We visited on a Tuesday afternoon in December and practically had the place to ourselves. No lines, no hoards of screaming children, none of that.
4	My husband and I had a nice day at the biodome and insectarium. Coming from another world class city, we are kind of spoiled when it comes to museums. The biodome was standard, the insects spiced it up. The buildings are about ten minutes apart and they have cues along the path making it very simple to get there. We were starving after our visit so we went to the cafe there. We were pleasantly surprised they had several heady vegetarian options on the menu!! That certainly earned them another star :-)
