5	I took my brother-in-law and nephew to the Charlotte Motor Speedway and they had the ride of their life with Richard Petty Driving Experience's Ride A-Long. The smiles on their faces said it all after they got out of the racecar going over 160MPH for 3 laps.There wasn't anyone behind us in line, so the crew and the driver popped the hood and showed them what the engine of a real NASCAR looked like and answered all of their questions.When my brother-in-law and nephew left Charlotte to head back home, they mentioned this was the favorite part of their visit.
5	I got there around 9 am on Saturday morning, just after they opened, so I didn't have to wait very long. I bought the 3-lap ride-along because this was my first time. After signing the release, I got suited and helmeted up for my ride. It didn't take long to put me in a car, where I got belted in and met the driver, Mark. Then, we took off. The first lap was just getting up to speed, but the second lap was pretty exciting. 6,500 RPM down the back straighaway, and Turn 3 looks like a wall! I can't imagine the Sprint Cup drivers doing this for 400 laps in the Coca Cola 600 race. A great experience!
5	Absolutely fabulous service and experience. Everything was perfect and the staff was so friendly and helpful. If you have any interest at all in driving or riding fast is a safe controlled environment.  This is the company to go with. They have been doing it right for a long time.
5	I've done the Richard Petty Driving Experience twice:  June 2013 and June 2014.First time was great as I had the "Rookie" experience for 8 laps in a 600 hp stock at on Charlotte Motor Speedway.  The RPDE instructors teach you what you need to know to be successful and then let you go.My first time out, I hit a top speed of 144 mph with a best lap if 42 seconds.Second time with RPDE was PHENOMENAL!!!I had TWO of the "King's Experiences" for a total of 36 laps.I hit a top speed of 158 mph with a best lap of 37.99 seconds.Great instruction, fast cars and an emphasis on safety.If you have a need for speed, Drive Petty.Here's my RPDE:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-_sz_BE1YlI(Copy & paste URL into your browser)
