5	I had the best experience at Chic Nails this afternoon! I've been to countless nail salons and this one is simply the BEST! Great color selection, friendly staff, phenomenal work and my nails and toes have never felt and looked this beautiful! The massage was to die for! If you're looking for a nice nail salon with very reasonable prices, you MUST go to Chic Nails! A+!
5	I will be back. Such an improvement over what was here before. So clean, helpful and never felt like I was bothering them.  The Charlie's nail people always made be feel unwelcome. Chic nails is fantastic...especially Mike.
3	I had been to Chic Nails once before.  They have great hours and generally you can always walk in and not wait.  We went to Chic Nails today because they do offer Gel nail polish and my friend wanted Gel.I believe the owner is the older gentleman and I was with the daughter.  I got a standard manicure and my friend got Gel.  The manicure was nice, the girl was gentle, but could have cleaned up the hang nails a little better.  There was an older woman there doing pedicures and she took over painting my nails from the young girl.  I don't know who the older lady was, -- But she was AWESOME.  You can tell who painted which hand.Price was spot on, I paid $12 for a manicure and left $!0 in a tip.  I wish I had not worn jeans or I would have gotten a pedicure as well.  There pedicure chairs look really nice and each has a pillow.Props to the magazine selection.  They had all the recent issues of fashion and gossip rags.  Also they must have 200 colors to pick from.  OPI, China Glaze and a couple other brands.I would definitely go back, the only wish is the mani chairs are line against the wall, so if you are with a girlfriend they sit in front of you not next to you.PS they DO NOT WAX - I am in dire need of an eyebrow wax.PSS this is the nail place along 44th that I have found that takes AMEX
3	Went back yesterday since my other nail salon was an hour wait.  I got the older lady that painted my nails last time.  She was great!  However, my friend had the young women that start my nails during my last visit, and hers were so bad she had to repaint them when she got home.  This place very much depends who you get, the prices are good, but the young girls seem too inexperienced.  Need to request one of the adults or the gentleman that appears to be the owner.Prices are spot on, mani and pedi with callus remover was $40, and they offer gel.  Their massage chairs are very new and probably the best I have seenNice touch - they do offer bottles water.
1	I had a friend in town and wanted to have a girls pedicure day. I was looking for something near her hotel and decided to try Chic Nails. It was the worst pedicure experience I have ever had. When my pedicure was done I had a jagged uneven toenail. I asked the gentleman doing my pedicure to fix it and all he did was paint the skin on my toe instead of filing it down. There was nail poilish all over the skin around my toenails. I asked him to clean it up and he used a brush real quick, which accomplished nothing. I pointed out the spots that looked really bad and he called another girl over to look and she wiped up a couple spots of polish, then put on my flip flops. When she put on my flip flops the cotton between my toes got stuck to my pinkie toe polish.I left there with hot pink nail polish all over my feet, pools of polish in my cuticles and a cotton ball stuck in the polish of my pinkie toenail. I would advise anyone against going here. I have had many pedicures at strip mall nail places and none have ever sent me out the door with my feet looking worse than they did when I left Chic Nails.When I got in the car I made an appointment for a pedicure at a salon that takes pride in their work.
5	We went to chic nails for three pedicures for my daughters b-day.  We were all so happy with the treatment they gave us.  The salon was spotless,  with nice music and bottled water. The pedicure itself was excellent. I am allergic to latex and the man who did my feet was awesome and no latex!!!  The massage was  great and long. We were very happy with Chic nails.
4	I had mani and pedi done. Got in and out within an hour. Did a good job. Only compliment was it was a little dirty in there. Prices was good also. Only 45 for both and nails was gels.
5	This is by far my favorite nail spa in Phoenix. The owner & his wife are really friendly & courteous. When they took over the spa there were lots of bad reviews so they had to build up their reputation and they really have. Their prices are great, I always leave feeling like I got my moneys worth with care & attention. They never rush and they really take care if your feet & hands. Great Family run business. I drive out of my way to go here rather than any places that are nearer to me.
5	I'm never changing nail salon's. They are amazing! Every time I go I get treated nicely and what I love the most is they use clean/new tools with every person. Prices are reasonable too. Go to Chic Nails you won't regret it!
5	This review is specifically for Kathy, my gel nail manicurist from heaven. Or you know, Vietnam...she is detailed oriented and I'm not gonna lie, I love that she is OCD about making my nails look perfect. She is not overly chatty mainly because she is focused. As a bonus she massages your arms and hands which is so relaxing it causes my head to lull around like a rag doll. I walk out a happy lady every time with fingernails gleaming. All this for $25 + tip. Do call ahead to make an appointment.
5	Today I just dropped in and wanted a gel manicure. While I was getting my manicure (Nicki) did a fantastic job she took her time asked if there was anything I would like to change was extremely friendly and did a great job! Bonus: she gave me the most amazing hand and arm massage not a fast slap on lotion and go she spent a good 10 minutes on my massage (no up charge) and it was deep and spectacular!!While I am sitting there it was so amazing I had to stay for a pedicure and it was just as fantastic!!
4	This place does not disappoint. It is a typical family owned shop, but with a lot of special touches most nail salons lack. Pedicures include nice spa service- including long foot/leg massage. They use lotions, warm oil and hot towels. They make sure you are comfortable and have magazines and bottled water. They use a fresh lime on your nails too. The prices are  good too. If you have gel, they will take it off for free. I definitely recommend.
2	I have been on the search for a good nail salon for some time now and this is NOT the place.  I get gel manicures every two weeks like clock work and every two weeks I am going somewhere new. I don't like when they use Acetone to soak off the old gel polish, it it extremely bad for your nails, and I'm not even sure what the half cut lime rubbed on my nails was for.  Also I asked her to just cut them a tiny bit and she cut them almost all the way down.  Not going back and the search continues..........(4)
5	Great price for amazing mani/pedi's! Love this salon and service! Definitely stop by and get your nails done
4	Went here spur of the moment. They did a great job. I just got a plain pedicure. My friend got a more advance one. But we still sat together. Great job by the staff. I would return.
5	This was my first time here. I am usually a Ken's customer but they have become so busy that I wanted to try and find somewhere where I am not competing for elbow space. Don't get my wrong, I love Ken's but I was in the mood for some deep relaxation.I came here around 9am and it was busy but not packed. I had to wait 5 minutes for someone else to be done, so that didn't bother me. As far as general pedi's go, this place was pretty standard but the difference is that even when they have people waiting, they take their time and focus on you - the current paying customer. I really appreciated that. My massage on my feet and legs lasted a majority of the time I was there as well. It was so nice and relaxing and they did a great job.
5	I was visiting and needed to get my nails done. I went in for a mani and pedi and was very happy with the service. I also added the sugar scrub to my pedi, my skin was glowing. This place is great!
4	Staff is always friendly and willing to work with you. Only downside is when they are busy, they tend to over book and sometimes you end up waiting even if you call ahead. Been to a lot of salons for gel nails and this salons nails have lasted me the longest ! I try to avoid high volume hours .
1	Today I went in to get a gel manicure, like I have multiple times before at this location. my usual choice is closed on Mondays and I needed to tend to my nails before I headed on a trip! 25 dollars for a gel manicure you can't go wrong right? Oh boy was a wrong.. So very wrong! I am usually satisfied by the sub par manicure I receive but today was a disaster. I have never had such a painful manicure. Not only did she dig at my cuticles until raw skin was exposed a new lady had to finish my manicure because the paint looked terrible. And I requested it to be fixed! Meanwhile she poured acetone on my exposed skin to get the initial paint off of my nail! In which this has left my skin so dry that my hands are peeling!!! After being there for over an hour and a half for just a gel manicure I was so dissatisfied that I skipped half of the manicure and was still charged full price!!!Amazing... Never will I be going back to this place and if you're looking for a clean efficient manicure look elsewhere!
1	Very expensive and not a good job. This is not the place to go if you want designs. Paid 100 buck for gel manis and pedis. Never will I return!!!
4	I have been here once to get a gel manicure and was pleasantly surprised at their care and attention to detail. They sat me down right away and offered me a drink and seat. I had one of the male manicurists and brought in a picture to replicate. He was very good at picking out the right color and paying close attention to what I wanted. He was able to replicate almost the exact picture that I brought in (very impressive!). He also was much friendlier than what I was used to! If I really had to be nit picky my only complaint would have been the the shape of the nail wasn't my favorite and the extra filling was somewhat irritating (although I am more sensitive than most, I would expect). The prices are fair and they bring out new wrapped tools so you know they have high standards for cleanliness! I'm sure I will be back soon!
