4	Great little hole-in-the-wall type of restaurant. The food is plentiful and cheap. Horchata is delicious, and refills are free. The service is fantastic. A two item combo lunch with drink and tip should be around $11.00.
4	La Cosina has very good Mexican food at great prices.  I am not Mexican, but my cousin is half and he confirms the quality of their food.  I have had various dishes and none of them have disappointed.  They even have Menudo, which is very good.  Finally, I love that they have Horchata, which for some reason is not as ubiquitous in Mexican restaurants as you would think.Excellent casual dining destination!
4	Great little restaurant with family style mexican food. Their chips and salsa are always good and they are quick to refill it. The service is great but gets a little hectic around normal lunch hours M-F so I try to go earlier or later.I recommend their chimichanga and their carnitas plate. Very good portions too, enough where you can probably share.I think the food is way better here than overpriced places like Agave.
5	First of all I'm Mexican...We(Brother, Mom, sister+3) came here in the summer of 09.  we could not get enough! I had the Carnitas(pork) Torta twice! let me tell you...most places leave most of the fat on the carnitas to the point where its just gross! not here! It was very lean for carnitas. The Shrimp cocktail was also very good!(this is nothing like your American cocktail) The hard shell chicken taco was very yummy too!This is the first place I'm coming too next time I'm in Vegas, and the prices are good too!
4	Good Mexican food, service could be better but always consistant.  I get the same thing every time enchilida and carneasada taco, and never disappointed.
2	Went for lunch with high hopes of flavorful Mexican food and was disappointed.The waitresses were very friendly and the Horchata was pretty good, but it ended there.I ordered a Chile Relleno and Chicken Enchilada combination platter and the whole plate was bland. The beans and rice tasted like they were reheated in the microwave.The chicken enchilada could only be identified because of the stringy white meat and not because the cheese or chicken had any flavor or seasoning to it.The Chile Relleno itself was soggy and bland once again. The vegetables seemed somewhat fresh, but the preparation was very lackluster.If I'm going to pay just over $12 for lunch, I expect much more. It seems I need to continue my search for a good Mexican restaurant near my work.
4	Very good authentic Mexican food. Thanks fellow Yelpsters!
4	The name says it all .. This place is really my second kitchen when I'm back in Vegas .. I recommend the carnitas or a carne asada burrito ... Both made very well and always filling ... Try rhe nachos but bring a friend cause it's a huge dish
4	One word. Carnitas. Lunch break on a Friday and I was headed out with a coupon in hand to Taters and Salads down the street. Well, that must have been a bust concept. Closed. Backup LVB to try and find a place along the way back to the office. Frantically doing Yelp Mobile search. Hmm...this place looks good and original. Ordered to go: 4 Carnitas Tacos, side of beans and rice. Back at the office: OMG those tacos are HUGE. 2 corn tortillas, LOADED with really lean pork with a nice helping of the "crunchy" part of the meat, topped with a healthy dollop (love that word!) of avocado and some pico de gallo. HUGE cups of beans and rice and a complimentary bag of chips and salsa. Chips and Salsa: thick chips, very lightly salted. Yum. Salsa, not the thick and chunky kind, good flavor (needed more!) Tacos: I could only eat two! They were amazing, full of flavor, very lean pork, fresh avocado. Wonderful! Beans and Rice: I ate these on Saturday for lunch along with the left over meat from the other two tacos. Good flavor on both beans and rice. I'll be back to try out some other items but seems like a great local, authentic Mexican place. From what I had the portions are liberal, ingredients are fresh and flavor is great! Worth checking out if you are in the area.
2	We happened to be driving down Las Vegas Blvd and I pulled out my handy dandy iPhone and kicked open my Yelp app and found this little place. From the raving reviews I figured there was no going wrong. au contraire mon fraire, things went terribly wrong.. I ordere the nachos with Carne asada and I like a good piece of Carne asada and i am unsure as to how it is possible but the Carne had a water like fluid coming from it and making my nachos soggy... There is not alot to say other then that due to me pushing the plate away and heading out. I just could not do it. I am not the type to waste food and not take it with just in case those midnight munchies come back but unfortunately this was one case that I was not wanting to be prepared for the midnight munchies with the disaster I was served.
3	I had a chile relleno burrito and an iced tea.  The burrito cost about $6.99 and was also filled with beans, rice, and other goodies.  It was very tasty, large, and I couldn't finish it.  The second diner ate taquitos.  The plate came with guacamole and sour cream, as well as beans and rice.  She stated that the taquitos were a "4" on a 1-5 scale, but the avocado in the guacamole was not ripe.  I believe that the tea was about $2.00, and it was about 32 ounces and delicious.  The second diner did not like the beans, which I tried, and they were not served hot.  The taquito dinner was also $6.99.  The portion size was generous, and the second diner could not finish her meal.  Overall, La Cosina Mexican Restaurant was more of a 3.5 than a 3 star restaurant.  I do believe that this is the only Mexican restaurant on Las Vegas Blvd between Mandalay Bay and South Point.
4	The burritos is a bit over priced, but the quality is pretty good. Big tortas that are really tasty and affordable. The service is really good, and they seem to have a steady stream of customers. I will definitively return to this place in the future.
5	Came here for lunch with colleagues - delicious and cheap!!  Staff is friendly and the food comes out quickly.  We had carne asada tacos and burritos, great!
5	This place rocks!  The food is sooooo good and the service is awesome!   Authentic Mexican food is hard to come by in Vegas but this is it.
1	Well... How do I start? I'll be honest, did not have the food, so I would not be able to rate it for the taste or flavor of the food but the experience was HORRIBLE!!!!  My family and I were on vacation and wanted a great Mexican breakfast, who can ask for more.  Well we didn't get that at all.  We were very excited to find this place, and with a 1  1/2 year old who loves Mexican food, what can go wrong, right???? Wrong!!!!! As soon as we got there the place was full, not too full because there were plenty places to sit.  Well if you don't consider dirty tables, that is.  No eye contact from the servers, we sat at a dirty table, and the waitress started to clean a table that was empty.  Sat for over ten minutes and my  little boy saying "yummy, yummy, yummy" was not getting the attention from the waitress at all.  We then moved to the table that was cleaned (not very well, since there was salsa on spilled on the table).  Nope, No one said anything to us, not even a hello.  By this point, two other families came in (after we did) and they got menus, chips and salsa, while we sat there waiting.   We waited ten more minute and yet no one had said anything to us.  Looked at my husband, mother, and child, and we left.  It was RUDE that we did not get menus, water, or chips...at this point we didn't want any.  We walked out!  I have NEVER walked out from a restaurant at all and I was happy to keep my money and not give them my business!
3	I came here today for a quick lunch. When we first decided on the place, we assumed it was a fast food place, but they actually have table service as well as take out. available. We sat down and were immediately handed menus and our drink orders were taken. I ordered a breakfast burrito and my lunch partner ordered the taco combination plate. The food came out quickly and it was pretty good. The tacos looked pretty good, but my burrito left a little to be desired. It was tasty, but nothing I couldn't get for better or cheaper at Roberto's. They offer menudo all week long, not just on weekends. That's a plus. They also had some tortas that I was interested in. Their menu is pretty extensive and they offer plenty of menu options, which I'm sure to try in the future. I would definitely be interested in coming back to La Cosina again since they had a lot of potential and the prices for most of the other items were pretty good. The service was efficient and timely, which is key in a quick lunch spot as well. For now, I can only give it three stars, but I will be sure to check them out again.
5	Get off the strip and get some damn good Mexican food.  Ignore all the naysayers they don't know Mexican.
5	Stopped in for lunch. First time here. I'll be back. The reviews were right, the Carnitas is great. I was going to write a long review but that's not necessary. Just come check this out, you'll love it. BTW the service was great too.
4	OK I like this place. One of the better low priced Mexican places in town. It is not fancy...so don't get crazy here.Portion sizes are huge. I killed a chicken burrito here and was full till the next day.  It's quick, the same lady serves me every time, and she'll help you rearrange your order if you need to.  For instance, I now ask for lettuce and tomato & just a little rice with my burrito. Took 3 co-workers there last week and they were all presentably surprised at how good it was
2	First time Yelp has let me down. While the service was good, the food was just not in the category of, "I need to get back here soon".PROS: restaurant was clean; service was prompt and friendly. Asada was tasty.CONS: chips tasted like they came out of a bag, and the salsa was unremarkable--likewise the rice and beans, the latter two almost bland in flavor.I was mostly disappointed in La Cosina because the Yelp reviews had me expecting much better. No regrets, but I doubt I'll go back.Cheers!RS
3	Yummmmay burritos!! My sis and I ordered two carne asada burritos, they were the bomb!! Here is where we lose the two stars: When we ordered (togo) I asked if they had chips and salsa, to which the cashier said yes. I said ok, are they small orderes or large? She said very small so we ordered two. Upon receiving burritos there were no chips in bag. I asked the man at the counter for our chips and it was a big to do. Apparently chips are for dine in complimentary, and not necessarily for to go. I told him I had ordered from the cashier (who was standing BEHIND him listening but never opened her mouth once to say a word that YES we had had a whole CONVERSATION about the damn chips and YES I had ordered them. Nope. Just stood there watching the dude give me attitude. Finally after many sighs (I offered to pay for them, twice.I had assumed I had paid for them when I ordered.  I was told I did not pay for them (originally) over and over again. Um ok? I ordered them and was given NO receipt sans the credit card slip itself. NO itemization how was I to know??? I was happy to pay but the guy would rather be a jerk. Ok. Finally I am handed two GROCERY sacks full of chips. Wha?? I wanted two small sides. I just took them and left. And the kicker? The chips were not very good. No salt, overly thick and just kinda gross. My sister and I looked at each other like, damn we went through all that for some crappy chips??Would go back for burritos, dont bother asking for extras. Keep it simple.
5	This place is CLOSED now. Waaaa! So take your stingy butts to Chipotle 3 stores down.  They got $5 burritos but NO FREE CHIPS! We will miss that!
1	Closed. No one home! Shut down!
