5	Wow.  Just wow.  I've always been pretty disappointed with chinese food in this town, but this place really came through.  Good food, good deals, and super fast.  I placed my order, and exactly 20 minutes later they were at my door.  We got orange chicken, general's chicken, beef pepper steak and pork lo mein, and all of the dishes were delicious.  Highly recommended.
4	Lunch Special = One of the best values in town!I have been to Gourmet Wok close to ten times. Lunch specials are $3.99, include an eggroll, and are plenty of food for me--and I have a big appetite! The food is classic American Chinese Food. My Chinese girlfriend enjoys the food. The restaurant is cozy with a small t.v. in one corner that keeps me updated with the sports scores from time to time--but is not intrusive or loud. The atmosphere is casual and clean--just tables and chairs, nothing fancy. We have enjoyed eating in and taking out. A great place for an inexpensive, casual, Chinese-food lunch!
1	Since it's right down the road I thought I'd try.  I was told there's no delivery before 7:30 PM.  I don't know if that's every day or if their delivery person just wasn't in at the time.Bottom line, the prices are average, the food very far below average.  The family combos are the best deal. The dinner combo for 2 at $22.95 was enough for 3, maybe 4 if one person doesn't try all of the items.We tried:- Egg rolls- fried wonton- shrimp puff- egg flower soup- combination fried rice- orange chicken- teriyaki chickenThe egg rolls were just ok... too greasy and the filling was a bit on the mushy side, not enough textural contrast since the wrapper wasn't as crispy as I'd like.Fried wontons are insignificant fillerShrimp puff was surprisingly good, though over-fried.  I wasn't expecting the filling to be curry, but it was pleasant.  If they could fry it less so it's not so painful to eat that would be my favorite appetizer.The egg flower soup was your standard egg drop soup, too gelatinous for my taste.  I added some chicken stock and it was betterThe combination fried rice was our favorite.  It's very well seasoned and has a pleasant texture.  I have to say it's the best fried rice I've had in this town yet.The orange chicken was overcooked, dry and the sauce was too mild.The chicken teriyaki was almost good... but the chicken was too dry.  Extremely dry.  The sauce was tasty but gelatinous.  It was served on a bed of broccoli which I wasn't expecting, and oddly enough was the best part of the meal!  It was steamed well but had enough bite to not be mushy and tasted fantastic with the teriyaki sauce.Overall, very poorly executed food.  The sauces that could have saved the meal instead added nothing to it, and what they do to chicken is criminal.If I ever order from here again it will be the fried rice.
4	Over the past five years I have eaten at Gourmet Wok 15-20 times. I have eaten in and carried out. The food (especially the Lunch Special) is a good value and consistently tastes good to me. Not fancy...just a  nice, hearty meal. The serving size is ample and the workers are friendly.
4	Tasty cheap Chinese food. It's nothing fancy, just an order at the county place with cheap tables and chairs in case you want to eat in. Mostly a takeout place. Lunch specials are just under $5 bucks, and they're pretty good. You get an eggroll, that actually tastes fresh, instead of that premade stuff everyone serves, a big pile of fried rice, and your entree. Portions are huge, like at some places, but it's certainly filling, and for the price, you just can't beat it. It's not the BEST chinese food in the world, but if you're on a budget this place is awesome. Any place that has boba tea gets an extra star from me. :)
4	This place is just down the street from me. However, I never gave it a try until yesterday. I'm glad I finally stopped in. I got the lunch special with cashew chicken, fried rice and an egg roll for $4.25. You heard right...$4.25!!! And it was cooked to order, very tasty, and filling. I will definitely be back. I just wish I had tried it sooner. They have a large selection of dishes, and I'm looking forward to sampling more of the menu.
3	Soooo I was in search of a tasty egg roll... weird right? Nah! I hate all these paper thin greasy egg rolls, I figured here they were diff. WRONG! I came here bc its just down the street from my apt and its open late. My son and I stopped in and were greated by 2 cute lil chinese people. The menu is normal size and the prices arent too terrible. We ordered the egg rolls 2.95 for 2 and an order of chicken fried rice 5.95 and 2 diet coke cans 2$. It was a short wait, my egg rolls were brought out and I was sad : ( they were yucky and mushy and not worth 3$ next came the rice, I always get mine without carrots or peas and this one included large pieces of onion which I was fine with. It was ok, seems like it had been sitting there a while and they just reheated it in the wok. It did have a good amount of chicken so I wasnt complaining. The lunch menu looks delish and its cheap 4.25 so we are gonna try it sometime. I will still continue going to China One for my chicken fried rice but will continue the search for a yummy egg roll!
4	Went in for lunch and had the special chicken chow mein for 4.25$ was totally yummy! Still not a fan of their egg rolls but the rice was a lot better this time! Super cheap and quick!
4	Pretty dam good!! Just moved in around the corner and read some good reviews... I have to say it was a great feeling to know I now have a good Chinese place nearby!
5	"When will my food be ready for pick-up?""When would you like it?"That's the FIRST thing that comes to mind when I think about my review for Gourmet Wok.  I found this place through some searching around my immediate work area and, being the diligent Yelper I am, wanted to try something new.I haven't been so excited to try a new place in awhile!  I get excited when I find diamonds in the rough, and I think that's a fair assessment of this place.Their prices are great and it's insanely fast.  I ordered, drove over there (~4 minutes) and my food was already bagged and ready for me.I've tried the veggie egg foo yung and kung pao chicken here.  They are both different styles than what I'm used to, but good nonetheless.  Portions are a good size, and $4.25 for a lunch special?  Come on, bro - why even bother with McDonald's?  Cheap, fast, healthy.  Sold.The lady at the counter is always really nice too.  One time I called in and she asked for my name and she laughed and said, "You have a very expensive name."ALSO: They have boba tea!  Yay!  Close boba tea!  Not great for my low-sugar diet, but that's ok.  =)
4	cheap chinese food here, large portions, there dumplings here are very good. 10 for like 5$ or something. good deal. There chicken cashew was okay, F/R is good. everything else was good, but nothing else stuck out that amazed me. There sesame chicken was edible and taste good, but they could do better.
1	We ordered from here on Friday night and it ended up being a very unsatisfying experience for the most part. The sweet and sour chicken is the only thing that tasted good. The General Tso's chicken tasted like they used sweet and sour sauce on it, the egg rolls were mushy and the other 2 entrees we has we're flat out disappointing. We decided to try it because its a little bit closer to us then China One but from now on I will go back to China One. Same price there but far better food.
1	I was in the area and craving Chinese. Sadly, in LV, the best I've found is Panda. But, occasionally, I get my hopes up for that little amazing hole in the wall.This was not that place.My husband and I ordered chicken fried rice, chicken wings, garlic chicken, beef and broccoli, and spicy pepper pork chops. I think each item was about $5. We just drove up and placed a take out order. The staff was nice. Everything seemed made to order. And, it was ready in about 10 minutes or so.The positives pretty much end there.Chicken wings were OK. Usually places deep fry the wings. This place coats them in a batter and then deep fries them. The batter didn't really add anything and I would have preferred them without. The fried rice was OK, except for the occasional piece of cartilage. My husband liked the spicy pork thing he ordered and the garlic chicken was really good, but not really garlicky. And, the beef and broccoli was just...gross. It kinda turned my stomach to where I couldn't really eat the other items. Neither one of us could even look at it. I didn't try it. It went directly into the trash.I love trying new places. And, I always root for mom and pop establishments. But, I don't know how this place stays in business. It was overall, a bad experience, and I wish so badly I had just stuck with Panda!
2	Food was alright. Not the worst Chinese food I've had. I ordered a dinner combo with orange chicken and curry chicken. It came with fried rice and an egg roll, you can get steamed rice if you prefer, and I ordered an egg flower soup. Orange chicken was not very flavorful. But it was cooked well. Curry chicken was alright but the chicken seemed fatty.Fried rice was good.Egg flower soup was decent other than they had mushrooms in it. I'm not a fan of mushrooms and tjey look like slugs in the soup. They give you a big portion of soup though when it comes into the to go container. Service wasn't bad, but I've had better. Price was around $12 for what I ordered.
1	Two words, SHRIMP SHIT!  They do not devien their shrimp or at least that night they didn't, which means I will never eat here again.  I love shrimp fried rice and decided to place an order to go since they are right down the street from my house.  I was so disappointed too see the shrimp had not been devien.  This may not be a problem for some but a deal breaker for me.  If they don't clean the shrimp what else don't they clean??  The chicken chow mein was pretty good, I would give 2 stars if only they told me pork was in the egg rolls.  I guess that was my fault for assuming they were vegetable.  I wouldn't have mind chicken egg rolls but pork, uh no.  I wish the person taking the order would have said something.  My son couldn't have his favorite dish either.
4	Very reasonably price for great quality food. Love their shrimp fried rice with bean sprouts.
