3	Paid $75 for my little girls iPhone 4S to get unlocked back in March. Aside from the lack of AC and the strong stench of lingering smoke, waiting 10 mins for it to be unlocked was no biggie. We were told not to touch the SIM card. Went back in August after updating the phone, nothing would work off of Wifi. They unlocked it once again and told us not to update the phone. I assume I'll be back once another update becomes available.
1	I called to get a quote on a repair for screen replacement, and I was told $ 120, so I drove 45 minutes to get over to Phones Are Us. I get there and after I say $120 correct ? Then I'm told "oh no that's just for the part, and it's like $200", then from $200 it went to $180, then the clerk said "oh wait let me ask my boss", while the clerk and boss went back and forth as to what to charge me they settled on $180, after they tossed around $160,$170, $175. This place is a joke. Go elsewhere.
1	DON'T HAVE THIS COMPANY REPLACE YOUR BATTERY IN YOUR IPHONE!!!! I recently asked them to do it and it took 3 hours for something I confirmed takes a few minutes. Furthermore, they charged me $60 to install it when the battery costs just $35. After leaving their shop, I plugged the phone in to charge and it went as far as 13%. I called the shop and all they said was to bring it back - no way! I went to another shop and they confirmed that Installation of an iPhone battery requires that the connector needs to be soldered to the motherboard, and mine was never soldered.Phones Are Us are a bunch of hacks and scam artists.
1	I will never take any phone here go some we're this place is crap they don't have no boss no work phone they have a cell phone for a work line i took my phone here for a password unlock they said a hour it took them 2 days I called back after the hour to be put on hold for forever  they ant shit vary rude they act like they wanted to take my phone I had to call a million times they don't care vary bad customer service they ant shit man
1	WARNING Don't Go There !!!!!!! Biggest piece of crap in Vegas . They don't unlock phones they just take your money away for weeks and then if you are lucky you get your money and your phone back !! And the girl the "runs" that place is such a rude and mean bitch , even more on the phone ! They won't give you any explanations of any sort . Don't go to that place !!!! If you work hard for you money have a little of sympathy for yourselves . They are just a bunch of charlatans. I regret the gas and time I spent going there for weeks for my phone . They could care less about the customer . They should close the shit down .
1	This is the most worthless, unprofessional company I have ever dealt with. Went in to get my phone unlocked, paid the money, and 30 days later  my phone was STILL locked. When I asked about this, they told me I needed to pay MORE money to get a guaranteed unlock. Needles to say, I've reported them them to BBB and Consumer Affairs. DON'T use this place for anything. You will regret it, just like everyone else who has posted on Yelp!!
