1	It had been a few years since my last eye exam and i needed a new set of glasses. I decided lenscrafters would best meet my needs. I went online and scheduled an appointment. Next, i wanted to get the address so i could figure out how to get there. The problem is they give no physical address. They reference a "professional plaza" in Phoenix. Ah, but wait there is a link you can click called "get directions". Looks like the only option since they will not give an address. I typed in my address and printed out the directions. I followed the directions to the tee. They were to be located off N 65th ave. well, they are not there. N65th ave off mcdowell is all residential and not an especially charming hood. I pulled over and called, now i was 7 minutes late. The gentleman who answered the phone was not helpful or very bright. He told me they gave my appointment away because i was late. Like a punishment of sorts. I informed him of the bad directions their website gave and he really did not even acknowledge the problem. I was late in his mind and needed to pay the price. He even checked with his manager who he said concurred with his brilliance. I asked where they were, he said "off of 75th ave".  Strange, the directions from their website sent me to 65th ave.  He said I would need to schedule another time.  I told him no thank you.  Lets just break this down for what it is.  You have a place that sells eye exams and corrective lenses.  People who go there cannot see very well.  One would think they would be taking steps to ensure their location is easily found, not some hidden away store.  Next, to provide a customer with bad directions and to cancel their appointment and make no accomodation due to their mistake speaks volumes of the culture in this establishment.  If they treat a new customer this way, imagine if you had a problem with their product.  They would not acknowledge anything and were very...I guess the right word would be "dense".  Not quite rude, just they have an additude of entitlement there.I called on my drive back and found a Lenscrafters in Metrocenter.  They could see me right away and did a great job.  I would suggest you avoid this location (75th ave) at all costs.
1	Walked in and everyone was busy.  We patiently waited, un-acknowledged, for 5 minutes.  Then three other people walked in and were seen before us.
