4	I went to this place over the weekend when I was in Phoenix and I was kind of surprised that they had a opened up a different location (when I was there last, I went with a few buddies, who know the owner, to the one in Tempe on a Saturday night to grab a quick bite and do a little "pre-partying"...).The food was still great but this time it was a different crowd...We had a pretty large group for lunch and we shared a 3 huge salads and a couple deep dish pizzas and one thin crust pizza and there were plenty of leftovers.
4	I come here all the time... in fact I have been here 3 times this week for lunch.  I have had their pizza a few times which is always good, but I really love the sandwiches and soups and salads.  I either get their 1/2 sandwich and soup special or salad... you get to chose from any sandwich (turkey and avocado is always great) on the menu and the soup special or a garden salad or Cesar salad.  perfect amount of food.  I also really like their salads... I have had the salmon and cous cous salad which is great and the Chicken and Gorgonzola salad which is also very good.  The reason they did not get 5 stars is because sometimes their service is pretty slow... i have a feeling this is due to the lunch rush.
3	Somebody please tell me:1) why change the dough for your pizza crust after all these years of great pizza?2) why you would quit cutting your pizzas in squares and cut it in triangles like everyone else?3) where the heck did George go?Not sure what is going on here but the trend is troublesome and we've been going there for years.....I'll try again this weekend to see if the 'old magic' is still there but based on the last two visits, it's fading fast - what a shame!
4	What can you say about Nellos....a truly family run operation serving up good pizza in a friendly atmosphere. Although there are a number of locations throughout the Valley now, I remember when living in Ahwatukee going to Nellos, and seeing the late Pat Tillman, his wife, along with his brother and Jake Plummer eating pizza and having a good time. Everyone knew who Pat and Jake were, but they were left along, treated like normal customers, and it made for a special memory everytime we would see them. The pizza is the foundation, but with a great offering of sandwhiches and Italian dishes, there isn't a bad item on the menu. I truly love the house dressing that they make and bottle for purchase. It turns a normal green salad into a tasty treat. If you have a Nello's in your area, for the value and service, they are a great choice.
4	OK, as of 8/4/08 they may be back on track at Nello's Ahwatukee!  Went there this past week and had a great experience (as in the past).  Pizza was cut in squares again and had a great chicken/gorgonzola salad.  The owner was making the rounds....just like old days - thank goodness!!!
2	I love pizza and this is not bad but overrated to me.My friend from Boston she loves this pie because they cut it into squares and it reminds her of pie from a chain back in Beantown.I think it is just ok.  Kind of bland, a little pricey.  Good for out here I guess, but not really that good.
3	Anticipating the pizza craving that I always get after happy hour I'm going to pre-order a 10" original deep dish, mushrooms, spinach, and homemade sausage from the nearby Nellos for tonight.Nellos crust, on any occasion, is one of my favorites. There's something magical about it. The bottom of the crust is just firm and thick enough to withstand the weight of the fresh and flavorful toppings. The combination of the bottom of the crust and the fresh and homemade toppings is just the beginning. The edge of the crust steals the show. The light and dark gold color's of the edge draws you in right away. Each bite starts off crunchy to the tooth and ends with a soft and chewy melt in your mouth dough. The crust is a big component on why their pizza is so delicious.I've only been to their Ahwatukee location but I'm sure the other locations are just as good. Their pizzas and their tiramisu are worth 4-5 stars but everything else on their menu is just ok. But who needs to try anything else when you have crust like they do.
3	After hearing about this place and them having award winning pizza I was pretty hyped coming to this place. Living only a mile away, why not, right? I took my gf and it was just a leisure thursday, not alot of people there. The waitress was nice and we were seated right away, ordered the Hawaiin style pizza...  I completely understand ordering good food and expecting to wait for it, but this was OUTRAGEOUS!! It nearly took a hour to cook this pizza - I personally saw the people who came in at the same time as us - enjoy their pizza and leave!?!  When the pizza arrived it sure didn't look properly cooked nor enticing. But I never judge a book by its cover...   so we dug in... considering all the hype I've heard about  this I expected better. Sadly I prefered pizza hut over this place that day.
4	I love the build your own thin crust pizza!!  The service here is great and they have an awesome selection of beers on tap.  Cheesecake is great if you get it before it sells out.  I can't wait to go back when I'm in Phoenix again!
5	This is my first review and how appropriate that it would be for one of my favorite pizza joints in AZ. We eat there (actually usually take to go) at least 3x/ month. The Market fresh thin crust is always amazing. Every week it is different which is great. We have tried the ones on the menu but the weekly special is usually the best choice.I like the deep dish but ask for light bake and extra sauce. This makes left overs great and I do not like a crunchy crust.My wife likes the pizza crust and when combined with their sauce for "dipping" it is top notch.The service is always good and the same people have been there for years (always a good sign).I agree the beer selection is great and the bar tenders are very knowledgeable and can find a good match for anyone. They are one of the few places with 4 Peaks Hop Knot.The house dressing is great and you can take home a bottle for $5 to enjoy all week.
4	I tried Nello's for the first time today and I was impressed. I love the personal pan size pizzas because I was able to have my tomatoes, onions, garlic, and basil on mine while my boyfriend has plain pepperoni. The pizzas were tasty and the toppings were very fresh. The employees that helped were so friendly and very personable! I noticed they have a happy hour so I will definitely go back to try that!
4	Stopped in the Friday after Thanksgiving. The wife and I were driving aimlessly looking for something new in Ahwatukee ( Been there done that before), when we happened upon Nello's. Nice atmosphere, great service and a surprisingly good dining experience awaited. We didn't want to fill up after the previous days eating frenzy so we shared an Antipasto Salad that was, like the menu stated more than enough for 2. Also ordered a mozzarella plate with veggies and tomatoes and olives and some nice crusted bread. Could not be happier. They have a wide selection of beers, of which I enjoyed a few pints. Thank you Nellos for a nice evening with my better half. We will be back.
2	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):5 Food7 Service7 Atmosphere6 ValueUpon first walking in it smelled like a Mr. Gatti's.  Now, I love Mr. Gatti's (do any even still exist?), so that's not an insult, except that that smell means to me that I should be getting big food for little money, and that wasn't the case.I wasn't even expecting that much, and this place failed.  The server was nice enough and well timed though he didn't ask if we'd ever been there before to offer some info.Then the food came out.  With the exception of a hum-drum tomato sauce on our veggie "thinbread" pizza, the flavors were excellent.  The house dressing on the salad was great, and my European "deepdish" (no tomato sauce) tasted superb.  But let me backup - it's not a deepdish.  AT ALL.  It's a normal pizza with bread walls.  And the thincrust wasn't a thincrust either!!  They were both just normal pizzas.  EPIC FAIL.  Deepdish should require a fork and a knife.  I used my hands, easily.  Therefore I received half the food I was expecting.On the upside, they offer half-pitchers of Oak Creek beers, which is a big win.  That and the flavors on my European were all that stood between this place and one less star.  The only people that can possibly rate this place well have never had a real thincrust or deepdish pizza.
3	After all the rants and raves I have heard about Nellos, I was sadly disappointed. This place had been made out to be one of the best pizza places in Ahwatukee. I started off the meal with a basic dinner salad with the house dressing and ordered a veggie thin crust pizza. The dressing is delicious, and I would definitely consider buying a bottle of it to keep at home.However as our pizza arrived, I saw the first hint that this pizza place was not going to live up to its reputation. First of all, I ordered a thin crust pizza, however, my pizza looked as if it was just regular crust. The pizza itself wasn't bad- fresh ingredients, good amount of cheese and toppings, but the sauce could use a little more basil or oregano. I was thoroughly unimpressed. My boyfriend ordered a deep dish pizza, and suffice to say, it wasn't really deep dish. It looked like regular pizza just with super high pizza crust walls. The topping and the flavors were good, but the deep dish pizza wasn't really filled enough to be considered deep dish.  The food simply just didn't live up to countless good reviews I had heard about it before.
4	So, we went back to Nello's again last night. The Chopped Chicken Gorgonzola Salad is just as delicious as I had hoped it would be. And I thought that would be impossible if it didn't have Nello's famous house dressing. We got the special pizza of the night, thin crust with bacon and onions, again delicious. Also, I think Nello's has the best beer on tap, it has just a tad more bubbles than other places. Dare I say Four Peaks Hop Knot is better at Nello's than at Four Peaks? Nah, I better not, but it's still pretty good! =)Nello's is one of my favorites!  Whenever we can't decide what we want to eat, we can always go to Nello's and know it's going to be good!  My favorites are the Old World Classic salad (always with HOUSE DRESSING) and the Classic European pizza on thin crust.  Thin crust is only available in 12", but it is crispy, crackery thin, just like I love it.  Last time, we went with some friends, so we decided to try something new.  We got the Mozzarella Platter for an appetizer, the Antipasto Salad and a thin crust pizza.  Everything was just as delicious as always.  The one thing that didn't seem to fit was the carrots and celery on the appetizer, other than that, perfection as usual!
5	Great pizza and good service! My "Murphys" pizza on wheat crust came with onions and bacon. It was very flavorful. I thought the wheat crust was delicious. It had a hardy, yet sweet flavor. The pizza was a perfect combination. I look forward to returning soon!
5	I have been visiting this location for years. At least since 1996 or so. Anyways, this restaurant really does seem to get better with age! The salads are awesome, and large enough to split among a group.The pizza is outstanding, especially the thin crust specials.And they have Hop Knot (from four peaks) on tap.What more do you need!
3	My husband and I went here tonight but unlike most of the reviewers, we did not order pizza.  We started off with the eggplant bruchetta which was phenomenal.  My husband got the chicken pesto which he says was the best pesto he's ever had.  I ordered the lasagne which was also very good though I will say you really have to really like ricotta cheese in order to enjoy it.  This place has great food and service and I really love the fact that they have so many microbrews on tap and wines by the glass at reasonable prices.
4	I have not been to Nello's in ages.  A friend suggested for lunch.  The three of us show up and the place was getting busy.  We were sat immediately.  Got to have pizza here, right?  We ordered a large pizza:  thick crust, bacon, basil, mushroom, and 1/2 with sausage.  OMG... It was good but they forgot the basil.  =(  The garlic bread was very good too....  The waiter was eye candy and he provided great service!  =)
4	Nello's is just down the street from us, so it has been a family favorite for years.  We always enjoy a meal here!  Our family hasn't chosen as to which type of pizza we prefer, Chicago, New York, California, etc.  We know we like fresh ingredients, crispy crust, lots of cheese and cold drinks. You definitely get all that and great service at Nello's.Fresh pizza does take a while longer to prepare than chain par-baked dough.  The salads are huge and are full of flavor.  An there's always a favorite on tap.  We enjoyed the Four Peaks Peach Ale.Nello's just added a Bambino's Menu, fantastic now they have some great kid's size meals for the little ones to enjoy too!
3	We ordered a pizza for take out on a Sunday night.  They said it would be ready in fifteen minutes and when I got there it was already done.  The pizza was OK and definitely better than Domino's, even with their new spiffy recipe.  We got the veggie pizza, which sounded better than what we actually got.  The end product looked great, but I think maybe there are too many toppings for the crust to hold.  The crust ended up a little soggy, especially towards the center, and the sauce seemed to have been absorbed by the toppings save around the outside of the pizza.  Despite this, the pizza was edible and I'll probably order from them again at some point.  Instead of getting their veggie pizza, I'll probably pick my own toppings and simplify things a little.  Hopefully that will solve the soggy-no-sauciness problem.
5	I am here so much, I have to give them that fifth star!While the pizza might not be unanimously voted the best in all of the world (although it has received plenty of recognition), it is still pretty effing good.  They have great combinations of quality toppings.  I love the thin crust, I love they have a different, creative market special every week.  They have Four Peaks on tap.  $3 Guinness on Happy Hour.  The salads are delicious.  I crave the house dressing and the white balsamic.  The staff is top notch, totally cool and friendly, and really take the time to get to know their customers.  It is great for families, for cool, casual dates, and low-key gathering of friends.This is combination of qualities, and the fact that I am usually there once a week, Nello's in Ahwatukee really is as good as it gets and will continue to be one of my go-to restaurants.
4	6/15/10Friend and I ordered take-out: an Arugula salmon couscous salad and a small Four cheese (mozz, romano, fontinella, and feta).  I believe I also requested ricotta on it.  The salad was excellent, although I wished all of the ingredients used were listed on the menu- I had to fish out a couple of troublesome items.  The pizza was fantastic!  And this was after we let it sit for awhile.  (I love my thin-crust pizzas hot, very crispy and fresh-- not cold nor stale, and if it's the least bit soggy, I am heartbroken.)  But Nello's was definitely a hit tonight!  I kicked myself for waiting all this time to go back for another taste.  I'll be returning VERY soon!Music accompaniment: Dionne Warwick: The Definitive Collection.
4	Good food - fresh and interesting local market pizzas.  Great beer selection.
4	Nello's is pretty darn wonderful - more than a strict sauce slicked pie joint in that some of their creations are pushing the culinary envelope.  I've actually Googled some of their specialty toppings at the table to figure out what they are, the cheeses so specific to regions around the world that you'll want to learn more on why they are notable.Original crust is thick and buttery, yielding heavy toppings and tender strands of mozzarella.  I'm a big fan of the Schriers pepperoni on a margherita pizza, laden with fresh garlic and torn basil.  Salads are hearty and plentiful, with a killer Spinach Salad (crisp bacon, egg, crunchy radishes and grape tomatoes) and White Balsamic Dressing.Waitstaff at this location are bustling while still managing to be endearing.  Service can get spotty on weekends when the place crowds a bit, but on two separate occasions where mistakes were made, the manager corrected both immediately with not only no charges for the items but still sending the ordered items.  We've actually left with two pizzas in hand - totally unasked for but very appreciated.I don't really compare the pizza here to other thin-crust pies - it's so specific of a taste, it's almost its own thing.  That all being said, it's such a yummy experience, if you don't pigeonhole the pizza, you are in for a treat.
4	Go for the thin crust! Overall experience was wonderful, service was attentive, straight to the point and not smothery. Food at this local pizza joint is high quality you can taste. As a chef dining out for a casual lunch, I left pleased and with cash still in my pocket.First we had the Roasted Eggplant Bruschetta, the baguette was toasted to perfection. The crust was crisp with a nice light sourdough flavor and chew, not over toasted a bit and still tender on the inside. The four baguettes were topped with a beautiful creamy, tangy goat cheese. The eggplant was beautifully roasted and naturally rich in flavor. Sun-dried tomatoes added a nice acid element to this dish, which was served warm with a well balanced Balsamic Reduction. Next we tried the Smoked Chicken and Broccoli Pizza. The crust, oh gosh. THE CRUST! Perfect. Thin and crunchy, tender, caramelized in the wood burning oven to a perfect golden brown. The smoked chicken was still moist, the broccoli still had a nice bite to it as all vegetables should and had a fantastic roasted flavor. No sauce here, just a little olive oil and garlic went down before the toppings. The Mozzarella and Smoked Provolone were appropriate, but a nice nutty Asiago or Parmesan-Reggiano would have been a welcome touch.  Bacon? Of course we added bacon! An Applewood Smoked Bacon. Although in recent years bacon, and especially Applewood Smoked has been overplayed in the culinary world, Nello's kept it organic in style. The bacon has a wonderful fatty crunch, just the right balance of salt and smoke and cooked just so. The half slabs of thick, delicious bacon were simply laid over our pizza towards the end of cooking. Very pleased this bacon wasn't chopped up into tiny bits. The Banana-Nut Bread Pudding was tempting but Tiramisu has my heart. Being half Italian I know Tiramisu and Nello's has made a great play on this classic dessert. First a thick layer of creamy mascarpone was sweetened to not over power the cheese itself. The ladyfinger layer held its integrity and wasn't soaked to the point of sogginess which is a pleasant surprise. Another generous layer of mascarpone and a surprisingly thick dusting of cocoa powder was a great touch. Nello's is worth every penny, the bill for two of us was just over $30.00. We left full and happy, too many dining experiences can be disappointing if the little details are left out. They don't miss a beat! David was a fantastic server with an upbeat attitude, the rest of the staff was also attentive and helpful. Beer and Wine selection is nice as well, there is definitely something for everyone here. Like Nello's on Facebook, they post special items with fantastic seasonal ingredients that any food lover would get pumped over!  I will be back time and time again.
5	Thin crust, deep dish, meat eaters, vegetarians, salads, pasta, microbrews........ Nellos excels with them all. Spinach pie on thin is my favorite. Get thin crust  and eat more!!  Consistently good at all locations.
4	I love Nello's. I'd like to write something prettier, something poetic. It's one of my favorite pizza places, and it deserves a little wordsmithery. But I'm too sated on deep-dish deliciousness to muster up my usual silver-tongued sweetness.If you like Chicago-style pizza (and I do) made fresh with quality ingredients in generous portions, try Nello's.  Their Hawaiian pizza is excellent. Any of their pizzas are, really. Or you could smear some tomato paste and plasticky cheese on a piece of charred cardboard and call it "pizza". It works for Domino's, after all.
4	Met a group of people...great craft beer selection.. ordered Old World Salad w/House Dressing, excellent.. enough to feed 2-4 people..then the Murphy pizza.. applewood smoked bacon and onions w/the thin crust, wood fired. This is an awesome pizza. The rest of the group got various  pizzas and loved everything! Our waitress was great, and took good care of us..
4	Pizza, pizza, pizza. Love it. Nello's is a good laid back place to get together with some family and/or friends and have lots of options for pizza and sald, and knock a few back. Service is about 4 stars too.
5	Love, love, love Nellos! This location is definitely different from the rest, the servers are wonderful, they are always uber busy BUT seem to always slide you right on into a table with a very minimal wait if any at all. It always looks worse than it is due to the take out counter I think. The margarita pizza is the best!Try it out you will be glad you did!
5	Seriously darn good pizza and the best service humanly possible.
5	We love Nello's in Ahwatukee!  We usually do take out (as the place is often crowded).  Everyone is so friendly and they even know my sister and I by name (and order) :)We love the Classic European pizza and our new fave is to get it with an order of garlic bread with cheese and tomatoes - yum!Can't go wrong with good, quality pizza and great service with a smile!
4	The pizza here, in my opinion, is pretty average compared to other pizzas around the Valley, though they do get bonus points for smoky crusts and fresh ingredients.  What bumps this place from three to four stars for me is the spinach salad with the house dressing.  It is, by far, one of the best salads I've ever had in these great States.  Strips of applewood smoked bacon.  Need I say more?
5	If I could have their salad forever my life would be complete. It has chickpeas, artichoke hearts, sundried tomatoes, olives, mushrooms, cucumber, feta and the most amazing house dressing....for months I went here thinking the Classic Euro pizza was the end all be all but that salad changed my world. Side note: don't sit at those little tables by the bar, it really ruins the experience. Slight annoyance, there are coupons for Nello's in the entertainment book, but they wont work at this location.
5	It has been over 1 year since I have been back and the pizza was so good, why did I wait that long????  Four cheese thin pizza!  OMG!!!!  It is cooked (or baked) to perfection.  I literally could not stop eating it.  Nom, nom, nom....  I did share with Lou, she liked it too!  The place is nice, clean, open, and bright.  The service is always great!!!
3	Really warm and friendly staff, delicious margarita pizza! Will definitely go back and excited to try other things on the menu!
4	I have not eaten in the restaurant in a long time because I like to order my pizza to go. I usually get a movie and pop it in and sit back and enjoy a few slices. Too bad the Blockbuster that was next door is closed... now I have to stop by Basha's for the movie....Usually we get the margherita pizza because I eat with family members who are vegetarians. They always have Nello's add extra garlic to the pizza which is not a fave of mine, there is enough on it without adding extra, but that isn't Nello's fault... it's crazy Vegetarians trying to make up for the lack of tasty tasty meat. Hehe JK.A different pizza that I enjoy with omnivore's is their bbq chicken pizza. It is always tasty and I am kind of full of sadness as I write about it. It has been too long since I have had that pizza!I wish I could remember the other 2 pizza's I have tried and liked but I am not sure which ones they are.  Oh well. I might just have to go and update this in the near future.One thing I really like about going there to dine is that they have a great beer selection that includes a few AZ brews. I am just trying to be semi-economical lately and eating at home allows the beer and wine to be cheaper. Plus no tip is really needed, although I usually give the take out gal a buck.
5	I love Nello's!!!  My boyfriend and I have been going there for over a year now and have never had a bad experience!  We love the Barbecue Chicken pizza.  If your in to pasta, the Alfredo sauce is amazing!  We love the atmosphere at the restaurant.  Service is great!  The servers are all very friendly and attentive.  (Service is huge with me and they have never let me down)  When we have family or friends in town, Nello's is always a must!
4	I really enjoy Nello's. Never had a bad experience. The food is always good, the service very friendly and knowledgeable, and the prices are reasonable.The problem is that my husand never wants to go there. He says that there are other pizza places that he (and admitedly, I too) prefers so we often skip it, even though it is just down the street.Panninis and salads are very good, in addition to their pizza, btw.
1	Normally Nello's to-go lunch is great - not today!   My co-worker found a worm in her half turkey club sandwich!     We called and talked to Shea the manager who condescendingly said that although Nello's washes their lettuce they can't help that a worm won't get off the lettuce.   Now we know the little green worm is quite little, but we are particular that our protein intake not be alive and moving.   With all the lunch providers in Ahwatukee and with the holiday season you would think Nello's may have been apologetic and even a little generous.   We weren't expecting our entire $40 ticket to be comped, but when we asked if I could receive some compensation, Shea responded by saying they can replace the half sandwich/salad if my co-worker came back in that day.   Not even an apology and a $10 gift card.  I guess the Ahwatukee Nello's has a manager who doesn't really believe in a high level of customer service.   I wouldn't have posted this if she would have been a bit kinder in her tone and generous by only a few more dollars.   It really is all about how people are treated - I hope Shea's staff is treated better than we were.
5	Simply the best!  Try the wood fire pizza and the chopped chicken salad.  Love the service...Cody, Ray, Nicole, Kevin and the rest of the staff are always attentive and friendly.  Go get some!
5	This is the only pizza place I will dine in or order take out from. I'm very picky about what I eat; a total food snob. I love their pizza! I always order their pepperoni and mushroom deep dish pizza!! The servers are always friendly and the prices are very reasonable. You can't go wrong here, everything is good!
5	I hadn't heard of Nello's until recently and it is now my favorite restaurant in the valley! Awesome pizza and the house dressing is equally as good. Great service most of the time and I need to try their happy hour soon.
5	A favorite of mine. I had discovered Nello's back when I lived in Ahwatukee during my college days. I would dine in and take out. It was that good. The atmosphere is great. The service is great. The food is great. I dropped in there today, for old times sake, and it was still just as good. I had the lunch special which was a house salad with their signature tomato basil based vinagrette, an 8" pizza with homemade sausage and mushrooms, and a Diet Coke. All for $9.95! What a deal!If you want quality pizza, go to Nello's.
4	Have been here a couple of times and the experience has always been pleasant. Food is great and the service is equally good. I've always had their pizza but would love to try other entrees as well. Place is well suited for any gathering.
4	Stopped in for an lunch meeting. Staff was very nice to us .restrooms were clean . In fact it was a nice clean restaurant . Worth going out of you're way for ..
5	Love this place!  Pizza is outstanding.  Service - excellent.  Decor - comfortable and clean.Tried a bruschetta sampler and have to admit it wasn't as good as it could be.  The toppings were fine.  The toast wasn't.  Normally, bruschetta is served on lightly toasted, thickly sliced bread that is crunchy on the edges and softer in the center.  This version was served on what amounted to a large crouton.  Completely hard and not very tasty.  The waiter assured me the "bread" was made in house but I suspect that's not the case.  I think it's purchased in a pre-toasted, fully-realized crouton state.  Either way, the pizza more than made up for the appetizer!I chose the Yukon Gold pizza which comes with VERY thinly sliced potatoes, pancetta, gorgonzola, mozz, rosemary, and olive oil - a white pizza.  I'm a vegetarian and they are SUPER nice about customizing.  I asked for mushrooms instead of pancetta, and added onions.  It was outstanding!  Wonderful, Neapolitan style crust perfectly baked in a wood fired oven.  One of the best pizzas I've ever had, actually.  The rosemary was fresh, not dried which made a huge difference.  I love a restaurant that stays open all day and just has a single menu, not lunch and dinner.  Another plus for Nello's.I visit Phoenix every year and I will make this place part of every trip.
4	First time here. Friday night so it was busy. I find that to be a good sign. We sat outside. Our pizza took 40 minutes. However everything tasted very good. I will come back.
5	Nello's is the best!  Great local feel, great food, love this place.You have to have:  (Gluten Free) Pizza, Garden Salad with Turkey and House Dressing.  It will soon be your go to feel good order.
2	Very Bland, Poor Tasting Pizza! Does NOT live up to the Hype!!!! This was the first and probably last visit to Nellos. This pizza does not live up to all the hype here on Yelp. I ordered a pizza with black olives and beef. I had the "original" crust. The crust was thick, chewy and tasteless. It looked as thought it was put on a conveyer oven, not woodfired. After the second slice the crust became too hard, bland and chewy to even eat, like cardboard. It was a very bad product. The sauce was very bland, and it looked very much like a frozen pizza, except some frozen pizzas are better. I really don't understand the pizza market in Phoenix. I grew up in on authentic Italian pizza and cuisine, albeit here in Phoenix everyone seems to sing high praises to very bad pizzas. This pizza does not even compare to a good Pizza. I just think that the folks here in Phoenix haven't tasted a real pizza, If they travel back East and try the pizza then they would know what real Pizza Pie is supposed to taste like.  For now if I want a good Pizza Pie, I'll just have to make it my self.I would not recommend this place to anyone.One Star for the Food, One Star for the Service (Service was good, Pizza Bad)
5	I live in San Diego, but this place is always my first stop on my way home from the airport.  Do yourself a favor and buy a bottle of salad dressing to go.  It is good on everything.
4	The food and service are always good at Nello's. We always make one or two trips here when in town for business. Can't go wrong with the antipasto or any of the thin crust pizzas.
4	I have this taste in my mouth of what a margherita pizza should taste like.  I've been in search of it for years. Sadly, this place did not measure up to what I had in mind but it was still delicious pizza.  Everything taste fresh, the sauce, the dough, the toppings, yum!  I've been here twice, once for lunch and another time for a takeout order.  Everything went smoothly on the take out order, while I waited I got to see the kitchen staff in action, they really work hard!  When I came in for a sit down meal, the food and service were great.  It did take a long time to get our food though so I don't recommend coming here for lunch if you're on a time crunch.  They get very busy.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat Lunch. Attentive staff, Great Salads and also a individual sized Pizza with salad and drink....great food at a really good price.
4	Nello's Pizza in Ahwatukee....sometimes very crowded, but always worth the wait.  I cannot speak for the rest of the menu, but I can say that any kind of pizza you order here is going to be excellent.  We have been enjoying Nello's for years and have never had a bad or questionable pie.  Nello's offers a pretty good selection of beers...and there are usually a couple of rotating taps that pour local craft favorites.The atmosphere is typically bustling, oftentimes loud inside during rush hours...which is probably why we enjoy coming here when we are dining with our kids.I'd definitely recommend Nello's and often bring out of town visitors in for a pie.  It's close by too, which is an added convenience.
3	Great atmosphere and the food was enjoyable. Went on a busy Friday night and it seemed like the service and food preparation suffered a little. Staff was friends and helpful, just not as attentive as you'd like to see, even on a really busy evening. I may just be partial to the Tempe location on McClintock where I've loved the food since my high school lunch days, way back to '96. I think I'll head there next time I get that uniquely distinct Nello's pizza craving.
5	I eat here pretty much weekly.  The pizzas are awesome (especially the wood fired ones) and the rest of the menu is no different.  The salads are awesome and large, the bruschetta is solid, and the tiramisu...oh, the tiramisu.  Save room for it.  The beer selection is great and if you're in the neighborhood during happy hour, make sure to stop in.  There are some great deals (1/2 off apps, cheap drinks).
4	Probably the best place to get a pizza in the Ahwatukee area. It does get rather busy though.
4	We were regulars here.  It was a short walk from home and worth every step.  Wonderful pizza, both traditional and non traditional.  The pasta and starters are great as well.  Wonderful staff fast courteous service.  They also have a very efficient pick up counter.  If you are in the area, don't look for the chain pizza places.  Go to Nello's
5	Nello's,You never fail us. The hostess always greets us enthusiastically with a smile. The servers are prompt and attentive. The food is consistently delicious. The feeling you get at this location is very close knit and neighborly. Well done and thank you. It is hard to find places where you feel the money you spend on a dinner out is really worth it. It is always worth it with you.
5	After many visits our favs are: old world salad and classic european pizza.  Also love the pastas.  Sandwiches are tasty as well.
4	It may not be the best pizza in the valley. But it's damn close. It's not some pretentious overpriced hipster joint where your expectations are  unreasonable. The pizza is very good as are the salads. Great comfortable neighborhood place with good service and servers who are always friendly and willing to get you what you want. Crowded at times and the bar could be bigger. But that's because it's just a cool place to hang out for pizza and beer. I also believe that the owners take care of their employees only because I've seen many if them there for years and they seem happy still.
5	The food and drinks were so good! The atmosphere was nice so happy we will be living near here!
5	I have been a fan of Nellos for about 5 years now. The pizza is phenomenal, their draft beer selection is great and they have Rombauer every so often (which is one of my favorite vineyards). I also love their entrees, especially the lasagna. I no longer live in the Ahwatukee area but I make it a point to go back for Nellos!
4	They have good pizza and good cannoli. They also have a good happy hour with a rotating draft beer selection.
4	It's was really good! We got the Margarita Pizza, but instead of the thin crust, we got the thick regular one. It was super good. My sister also go the baked Zetti, and a house salad. Also super good.
4	Unique wood fired pizza. Arugula, sun dried tomatoes- yummy. Great wine selection.  Can be very busy on weekends do go by 5. Great happy hour. Unique salads.
4	Great gluten free pizza options and very attentive service.  We'll be back!
3	Decent neighborhood joint, for dining with the family.I find it a bit pricey, for the quality you get, but it is what it is when you have so few decent dining options in Ahwatukee.  It makes for a decent farewell dinner after each of my AZ visits, else I'd never eat here.I do like their chopped chicken salad.
4	Always a great place to come for good food and some ambiance. Pizza is good, even without getting the usual meat style (I'm not a vegetarian at all) wait times can be long especially with a lot if other places nearby opening up.
5	This place by far has the best pizza I've tasted in a long time! Best part about it is that it's next to my work so great place to hangout during lunch.
5	A local favorite for years that has slowly been straying away from classic dishes to make room for some more adventurous tastes. Everything is good but try their bruschettas, my favorite being the PBJ bruschetta. Very interesting!
4	I grew up around the corner from this place so it's kinda my neighborhood pizza spot. I've only had the pizza and salads but everything I've seen come out of that kitchen looks amazing!Nello's is really known for their deep dish pizza and its my absolute favorite. We order a ton of toppings and its always the perfect ratio for a balanced pizza. I've only come in for pickup so I can't speak to service eating there, but I'm always immediately greeted by someone when I walk in to pickup. The salads are all well done and my favorite is the chicken gorgonzola salad with their house raspberry vinaigrette dressing.  I haven't had one I didn't like. They also have great tvs and I'd def come in for a game. If you live close, walk down to Nellie's. I love this neighborhood and this place!
2	Pretty much done with Nello's Ahwatukee...it is now The Parlor - Part II wannabeThey have killed what used to be really good pizza - NO ONE, and I mean NO ONE there can make a pizza like George used to.What a shame and a perfectly good wood-burning pizza oven being sadly misused.Florencia is much better; even Grimaldi's is better - and carryout from Rosati's is WAY better!
5	Awesome food, awesome staff, and awesome fun.Keep up the great service.
5	The food here is excellent, from Pizza to Pasta, to Great salads!! great beer selection, excellent atmosphere, staff is fun and personable. If you're looking for New York style pizza fire grilled, this is your place!!
5	I love this place. Antipasto salad and a glass of red wine is my favorite meal. Everything from the pizza, salads and sandwiches are amazing. I'm the biggest Arnold Palmer drink fan and this place just knows how to serve it. The staff is always friendly and will go above to make sure your visit is great. Out of the 500+ restaurants in Phoenix, Nello's is my favorite. I call it, "The Italian mother I never had restaurant." They are only open until 10pm so make sure you arrive early in the evening. If you want to continue drinking after dinner, Zipps is right next door!
5	Started going to Nellos on Alma School in 1990... Loved I then and love the Warmer location now!
5	Such a great spot. Really great food. Beer selection is fantastic. Servers are always nice. And not overpriced at all. Definitely our favorite spot in the Tuke!
5	Still a five star place in my opinion. Great service, draft beer, salads and flat crust pizza.The salmon arugula salad is awesome and the market thin crust usually is as well.Very accommodating for children too!
5	This place is amazing! Great food and the best service we have had in a long time! This will definitely be our new pizza spot. I have zero complaints. If you have not been you are missing out!
5	Fantastic services by Mary Anne. Made my family feel  like we've becoming there for years. "This was our first time".food was amazing high quality products and ingredients.
4	Numero Uno Pizza with a whole wheat crust  is my fave Nellos Pizza... had it for my Bday tonight!!
3	Nellos is my local neighborhood pizza restaurant / bar.  It has a nice atmosphere and pretty good pizza.  They have nice patio out back when the weather is nice too.  While it is not my favorite pizza in the area, I keep coming back for the excellent customer service and ambiance.
3	Nice atmosphere and everything.  I think I have been there at least 6 or 7 times and the last 3 or 4, they were out of the wheat crust.  It's one of my favorite things and they are ALWAYS out of it.  You would think that if you are always running out, you would make more, right?  But in the end, the food is good.  Service is good enough.  Probably should be a 4 star rating, but the "out of wheat crust" thing really frustrates me and I will likely not go back.
5	Absolutely the best pizza sauce in the entire valley - which makes for the best pizza and meatball subs. What more to say? This is my favorite pizza joint.
5	Service has always been amazing. From time to time it may get busy and it can be a little slow but that can be expected anywhere and it doesn't bother me much if the waiter or waitress are nice!The Pizza is awesome and Salad are amazing. It's now one of my favorite places to go for Pizza.
5	The menu is eclectic. Great for kids. Homemade mozzarella is amazing. Our waitress Maryanne is one of the best waitresses we have had in years!!!
5	As usual, extremely attentive and enthusiastic service paired with perfect pizza, solid salad, and a high quality entree--all for less than you'd pay for similar quality in much more expensive establishments. Our server, Mo, was her typically excited and helpful self. The boys shared a classic crust pizza split with two different toppings and once again the crust was Rome in your mouth. Old World Classic salad was wonderful, as was my Shrimp Tagliatelle entree. We'll return over and over again.
3	While passing through Phoenix on the way to Cali with my hubby yesterday we stopped in and ordered a BBQ chicken pizza. We out pizza lovers so would never turn one down however given the high rave reviews expected a bit better. Our pizza was good but was skimpy on the toppings and a little on the dry side. It may have been due to the type of cheese that was used and the lack of enough BBQ sauce to make up for the consistency of the cheese (which was not mozzarella) . As i said, I love pizza so still enjoyed it and like the flavor. I would probably go again but try something different. The service was also very good both in attentiveness and speed of delivery.
5	The service was great. The atmosphere was wonderful. I ordered garden salad with house dressing and it was fresh. I ate pizza Margarita and classic European and both were awesome. Ask for Alfredo sauce deeping to finish your pizza crush. Last treat was a tiramisu. This one, I considered good but ok... Overall, I would like to go back to try something else.
5	I can't believe I have never eaten here before, the food is amazing! We had the eggplant bruschetta, spinach salad with bacon and the spinach pizza pie. The bacon on the salad was the whole strips of perfect bacon, totally delicious. The sauce on the pizza was nice, and the crust was nice and crunchy. Service was great as well. I will be going back soon to try more of the huge selection.
2	I really expected to give Nellos a good review but its not that great, not sure if they were in a hurry when they made our pizza but it was lacking in a descent quantity of ingredients we ordered on it we ordered a large pizza with mushrooms, onions, green peppers and pepperoni. One piece out of the whole pizza seamed adequately filled with ingredients. Way to much crust. May come back may not. The bottled beer was $3 also sadly not impressed.
4	Great pizza fresh ingredients.   The pineapple is the best pineapple ever.  Home made salad dressings.  Never disappointed!
5	I am reminded of what a really good pizza is supposed to taste like whenever we pop in here.   Tonight we had a market salad with kale/berries/nuts which was really delicious.  This evening's special pizza was a real treat....homemade sausage with balsamic reduction drizzle, then topped with pepperoni and other fantastically fresh ingredients.  Very accommodating staff who provide excellent service and even turned the heaters on for us - the only diners on the patio (for awhile).Love this family restaurant who serves fresh, tasty food.
2	This is one of those rare times that I'm not in line with popular Yelp opinion. Guys, I'm not sure what the heck I'm missing here.  I've tried two Pizzas here: the BBQ Chicken and the Vegetarian. Both pizzas were beautifully presented but they were equally bland as pretty. I must admit the Old World Salad is good but I don't think I'll come back for just the salad "shrugs". I like the location and the dining room is nice but it' LOUD in here.  I'm just not sure what the hype is about, I think I'll pass on the flavorless pretty pizza.
