4	I took my Eureka vacuum and asked them to please let me know if it was worth saving or if I needed a new one.  They were professional and thorough.  Unclogged it, added a new belt and cleaned it up so it looks and works like new.  $59 was well worth the investment if I get another year of service out of it.  Thank you!!
1	Took my three month old Dyson DC50(under warranty) in for servicing. I was told it would take a week. After waiting that week I called & they informed me they had just determined the problem that day & was advised vacuum would be ready within seven to ten days. After having no correspondence from Vegas Vacuum for fourteen days I followed up and was advised vacuum needed additional parts which they had to obtain from Dyson. Manager stated completion of servicing would be a additional ten days. Shockley, ten days came and went without ANY contact. On day twelve I followed up and was informed part has not arrived. I inquired if any attempt was made to contact Dyson to determine when part would be received. Clearly irritated by my questioning, Manager stated he would e-mail Dyson that day. Having a 3 year old and being without a vacuum for a month(Vegas vacuum will only give you a loaner for 24 hours at a time) I decided to call Dyson directly and after updating representative with situation, I was advised by Dyson to pick up vacuum ASAP and ship it to a vacuum repair store in California(all shipping AND packing cost paid by Dyson, they even sent all the info to the ups store of my choice) Apologetically, Dyson stated the type of servicing my vacuum needed was a common process and compilation would be seven days, INCLUDING shipping time! I received my vacuum back on day six good as new shipped to my front door! Dyson you earned a customer for life!  Vegas Vacuum & Sewing you earned this review.
1	This is the worst place ever. If you want to get lied to and stolen from then this is where you want to go. I would not bring anything to this so called business. They will lie straight to your face and tell you they don't know and give you someone else to talk to that has a completely different story about what happened to your equipment. I've never been so upset and can't believe they still have a running business!!!! Don't go here!!!!
