2	Well, I recently went here with a friend of mine. She said this is where she usually goes and likes it so I thought I'd try it out. We get there it looks pretty nice and once i chose my colors for a Mani and Pedi they get me seated. I had this one lady that was going to do my nails and then this lady walks in wanting a fill or something not sure and then i get stuck with some pregnant lady! She did a good massage but didn't get all the callus's off my feet. Then when it came to the nails, everything went down. She didn't file them straight, not really my toes either, it was like her technique or something. And so while she did my massage for my Pedi she would close her eyes like she was into it you know? So while she was doing my Mani i couldn't tell if her eyes were closed. She put the nail polish on to fast because my nails are cracked and bubbled and the polish is way uneven. I think this place has potential, I just think I got stuck with the wrong lady. Oh i forgot pricing my Mani was 12 and my Pedi 18
4	Their manicures and pedicures last a long time, and I've been satisfied with the mine every time I've gone (about 5 times now).  They do a good job of a nice thorough massage, especially when they are slow!  Everyone there is really friendly and made me feel very welcome and comfortable.  Cash/check only for tip, took me by surprise the first time I was there.
4	Of all the nail salon's within my 5 mile radius, this is one of the best.  Very professional, lovely people and they just got these new beautiful pedi chairs.  Excellant artists with the pedi designs! High recommend this salon
4	I frequently go to Anna Nail for eyebrow waxing, pedicures and manicures. I stop in at least once a month. I really like them because they are nearby, affordable, and the people are really nice. They always do a good job and the place is really clean. This isn't a salon to write home about, but they do the job, do it well, and the prices are awesome.Brows at $8, manis are $12 and pedis are $18.
1	After my experience at Anna's I ended up with an ingrown toenail and an infection because my nail was cut too short. Because of that I had to have my whole nail removed, it was a very painful experience.
5	Anna's does the best job for pink and white nails! Their staff is always professional and meticulous. Anna is always there, which I think says a lot about why this place is so good.
5	My mom and I have been coming to Anna Nails for years. We get our toes done about every other month. They remember us each and every time and know exacly what we want. A couple years ago we cheated on them and went to other nail places near by but we realized, for the price and service, they are the best.I've been to higher end salon and spas to get my nails done and they just don't compare. I am now very loyal to Anna Nails. I would highly recommend them to anyone.
5	My mom introduced me and I've been coming here for years! Friendly, talented staff and cheap prices. The location is clean and sanitary. I feel welcomed every time. The massage is the best! A pedi massage is the longest of any nail place and it feels wonderful! With prices as low as $18 for a pedi, this place is unbeatable. I'm getting a pedi right now and had to post! Check them out and remember to bring cash!
2	I came to this salon after being recommended by a friend who is a frequent customer.  I admit the place was very clean and comfortable.  I got a basic pedicure with a specific design.  My daughter came with us and got the same.  My pedicure was ok.  My tech spent a lot of time on one leg but hardly any on the other.  When it came to the design part, the tech had a lot of problems even with step by step pics I had on my phone. Luckily the owner came over and did it for him.  My daughter had a couple issues..I don't like my cuticles cut and asked not to have hers done either...they didn't do mine but they did hers which resulted in a painful and swollen ingrown toenail that took about a month to heal.  When it came to paying I didn't have any cash.  They advised you can't tip on a credit card and they told me to go get money for the tip and come back. Uh huh...I left and never returned and don't plan on it.
3	I took my 5 year old today to enjoy an outting with me for nails. I believe customer service is so important. The girl that did my daughters nails did not speak to my daughter. I tried to engage her in conversation and she ignored me. I made a comment about just trying to be nice and still nothing. I am usually always give at least a 20% tip. Today, for the first time I did not tip the girl that did my daughters nails. I will not make an effort to go back.
2	I left very unhappy with my pedicure. The customer service was just not good. The guy doing my pedicure started painting my toes the wrong color and then seemed annoyed when I told him that he grabbed my neighbors color by mistake.  The bottom line is that I didn't feel comfortable or welcome or relaxed and I left unhappy with the final product. Not going back.
1	Worst experience today.  I went go get the basic pedicure and the entire time, the guy was yelling across the salon at other nail technicians.  He hardly massaged my legs at all and practically pushed me out the door when he was done (my nails weren't fully dry yet).  When I went to pay, there was what appeared to be a 10 year old girl running the credit card machine.  I noticed a sign saying that they PREFER cash tips (not that they REQUIRE cash tips).  I asked the girl if I could add the tip to my debit transaction and even before I could finish what I was saying, she ran my card (without the tip).  I apologized to her and said that I didn't have cash on me today, but I want to give a tip.  The girl asked her mom (who was working on another customer's nails right next to the register) what she should do.  The mom said, "go ahead and run another transaction."  I told the girl to run the tip for $3 (the pedicure was $18 and I think $3 was generous for the experience I had).  At that moment, the mom stated very loudly in front of other customers, "THAT WON'T PAY THE BILLS!"  I was shocked.  I told the girl to go ahead and run a $5 tip because honestly I just wanted to get out of there.  I couldn't believe that a paying customer would be treated this way.  The guy is lucky I even gave a tip after that experience!  I will never go back!!
4	I have been going to Anna Nails for the past few years on and off. It's a hit or miss place. Almost every time I have come in there is pretty good customer service, and the owner Anna is there and is friendly and helpful. I was looking for a simple grey for a acrylic manicure and they didn't have grey, but many shiny silvers. Overall the price is decent and I have had pleasant experiences.
1	Learned about this place through a Val-Pak coupon mailer. Got a pedicure and left extremely unhappy.  For starters, the place looks messy and unwelcoming. My nail technician was not too friendly and kept trying to push me for extra services. A man (possibly the owner) spoke to her then he again asked me to upgrade or try more services. One star off for too much pressure...Whenever I get a pedicure I expect toenails to be trimmed, cleaned and feet buffed because after all who wants fresh polish with long toe nails and scratchy dry heels? When she started painting my toenails after "washing" my feet I asked her to please trim my toenails and buff my feet. She looked annoyed. Another star off for making me micro-manage my pedi.White tips? More like white wavy crooked lines... Very low quality work and massage was mediocre at best. Plus, she kept scratching me with her long nails during the foot massage... One more star off for that.Now for the thing that completely ruined my relax time... They had the big yellow mop bucket rattling along the floor throughout my pedicure and were mopping right by my station as well as sweeping the floor the entire time I was there. Not only was it loud but who wants dust around them during a relaxing pedi? Clean when your customers are gone please... My final star off for that. Will never return to this place again.
5	I was very pleased with my entire experience. I didn't have to wait like at most salons. My mani and pedi were done simultaneously by two technicians. They both did a great job. The massage was relaxing! I really appreciated that with my picky preference any flaws I saw were perfected and the nail techs had no problem with that. I think I have found my new favorite neighborhood nail salon. I'm going to put them to the true test next time when I get gel polish done.
1	Absolutely terrible. My mother got a full set and the nail technician used the grinder too deep on one of her nails and caused pain and swelling. When she confronted the nail technician about it she refused to apologise or admit to messing up and the owner kept saying that my mom couldn't be in pain because she didn't mess up. Her finger was visibly swollen and red. Still had to pay for the set and still left a tip. Will never be returning.
2	The gentleman that helped my wife was not only argumentative but unable to correctly perform the service requested because they did not carry a complete line of the products needed.  After returning to request that they fix the nails, they disagreed with our issues and claimed that it is just the way it is. Not happy and wont return.
