5	Unbelievable French fare  --lunch and brunch place, with a full bakery and kitchen. We had rip roarin chocolate eclairs with ham & gruyere cheese sandwiches on an exceptionally fresh baguette bread. Such a wonderful place and a bakery well known in Montreal and highly recommended to us by some colleagues. This place absolutely did not disappoint and it felt just like being in an authentic French bakery. It was also one of the very best bakeries we were in in the city. Don't forget to top off the meal with a cafe au lait or an espresso. We also decided to keep things French by grabbing an Orangina on ice. GO HERE!!
5	Found this cute deli place walking around in Montreal.  They have everything from bread, pastries, salads, soups and sandwiches.  I picked up several items for a summer dinner which were great for a hot day.
5	This is now my official spot for breakfast when visitors come to town. You know how you always want to show off a little bit and take them to the best place for the most authentic experience (meanwhile when there are no guests you exist on Mini-Wheats)? This place is always good and just has gorgeous food. They make especially delicious palmiers and a berry danish that is wonderful.
5	This place serves some of the best food I've had anywhere in my life.I live in Columbus, Ohio, when I can, I come to Montreal to visit my uncle.I believe he first took me here to show off some excellent pastries. I wasn't disappointed. With breakfast I had fresh fruit juice. It was incredible.This past summer, I came again, but for lunch. I remember a shredded lamb sandwich, I remember returning a few weeks later and enjoying a goat cheese sandwich. They were absolutely phenomenal!! I crave them far too often. Montreal is too far away from Ohio.I highly recommend this place. The next time I am in Montreal, it might be my first stop!
4	This is one of the most beautiful patisseries I've ever been to (including those in France): simply gorgeous cakes and cookies and tarts and meringues, stunning pastries and petit fours, all displayed beautifully. My family and I have had some of the best croissants here (after being extremely disappointed with those at a cafe on Greene). I was relieved that my kids were able to experience "real" Montreal croissants: buttery and flaky and light, as they are meant to be.The coffees are wonderful as well. I'd easily have given this patisserie 5 stars, but when I went there for my morning cafe au lait and croissant the other day, I was stunned to hear that their only coffee maker was broken. We had to leave and go elsewhere (as did other folks in line). I not sure how long the machine was broken, or how often this occurs, but I was surprised that an awesome cafe like this did not have some sort of back-up plan.....
5	Best baked goods in Westmount. Always fresh and delicious.  It's my go-to for a pointe au pommes, an they are sublime!!!
5	You can count on excellent quality and fresh baked goods daily. The patisseries are refined and always delicious. I am addicted to their home made salads and strong coffee. You can order customized cakes and impress your guests. Everything here is made with the finest ingredients. It never disappoints. The service is formal. You are always treated with respect. Sometimes I don't mind when they call me Madame but I always correct them and ask to be called "Mademoiselle, SVP!"I guarantee you will return here many times.
