5	Buying my dress from Almond Tree was one of the best wedding decisions I made and I enthusiastically recommend them to ANY bride-to-be.First, Pam was incredibly helpful not only with my dress, but with vendor recommendations, dress and tux related questions, and so much more.  It's so refreshing to interact with a business woman who goes the extra mile to ensure satisfaction. And modest budget? No problem! Unlike snobby and overpriced wedding dress chains and designer stores I visited, the small and intimate Almond Tree Wedding boutique offered such personalized attention and was so respectful with my budget that I couldn't help but feel like 'my' day was as important to them as it was to me.With the guidance of the experts, I found my perfect dress. Unfortunately it was slightly above my budget AND I wanted to add cap sleeves.  Knowing this, Pam was perfectly willing to call the bride in an effort to make my budget work.  Thanks to her willingness and the generosity of the dress' original owner, I was able to attain my perfect dress on budget!  The only brief - and rectified - negative was being told at my final alterations appointment that I owed an extra $100 (apparently there was a miscommunication about how much my alterations would truly cost) but seeing my shock and confusion, Emma was so gracious and generous as to null the remainder: another action that attests a true desire by Almond Tree to ensure happy, satisfied brides.
1	Sign on door "Monday through Saturday, appointment recommended." I walk in on a Saturday, look at two dresses and was quickly approached by a sales woman.  "Do you have an appointment?" Me: "No, just looking" Woman: "Oh, well you can't. You need an appointment on Fridays and Saturdays."  I'm sorry, don't put a sign on your door that says recommended, when you HAVE TO HAVE ONE! Not to mention, the tongue piercing on the sales woman. Wouldn't want to buy a wedding dress from that person... Oh well, they won't be getting my business or any of my friends' business. Try better, Almond Tree... Plus, the scan of the dresses I got was MEHHHHHHHHH
5	I am a little shocked to see the negative reviews on Almond Tree.  My sister and I went in during the height of wedding season on a Sunday afternoon to check out their selection.  A sales person did approach us to see if we had an appointment but once we clarified that we were browsing we were free to look through the gowns and accessories.  I returned last week with a regular appointment to try on gowns.  I made my appointment via email which was perfect for my busy life.   Almond tree is set up like the bridal salons you see on TV in NY or ATL with large private presentation areas and well lit dressing rooms.  There was a large selection of dresses in my size.....12+.  I probably looked through......75 gowns?  To pick out 5 I wanted to try on.  A note on that.  The majority of their appointments are seen on the weekend.  To get the best selection with the most attention and least traffic a weekday appointment is good.  My attendant Alyssa was awesome, I would highly recommend asking for her when you make your appointment.  She was very honest about various styles and made suggestions regarding gowns I hadn't personally pulled that she thought might work on my body.    Alyssa also has wedding planning experience so it was fun to chat with her about various venues around town.  She has lots of awesome suggestions for the DIY bride.  Almond Tree also has tons of veils, sashes and sparkly things to help bling your gown to give you an idea of how to make it your own.  As a consignment shop the selection varies greatly from week to week so I would suggest multiple appointments if you have time and don't find a dress on your first appointment.  One thing that is a little odd is the pricing.  I tried on a $1600 Maggie Sottero that was priced for $550 and a $660 Davids Bridal priced for $550.  I guess its probably because as a consignment shop the previous bride is setting the price?  But now that I'm writing this I wonder if that price is negotiable like consignment furniture.  Almond Tree Wedding Boutique is a consignment shop specializing in pre-worn and sample dresses.  If you are not sure what consignment means Almond Tree might not be for you.  To clarify, the majority of gowns at Almond Tree have been worn.  To an actual wedding.  Maybe more than once!  Yes, they will have been previously altered, or have makeup on them, or coffee on the hem.  The gowns will need to be cleaned and possibly altered.  If you don't think getting a $1500 gown for $550 is worth a $60 dollar dry cleaning bill......... Almond Tree might not be your thing!
5	First of all, if you are a bride who needs a dress...seriously?  MAKE AN APPOINTMENT!  I am the worst kind of procrastinator, and they literally fit me in right away.  A simple phone call is not that hard ladies.  I came to Pam needing a dress in hand to leave for my destination wedding the next week.  I was completely overwhelmed, but she quickly got down to business and helped me through the process of elimination.  I expected to like nothing that I tried on, instead I liked them all.  The prices here are amazing and I was able to buy any dress I looked at.  I was given honest feedback and quickly found the dress I wanted.  She matched it with a gorgeous veil in her store as well, and the price together was so great!  Alterations were measured while I was there that Thursday...and they got it back to me the very next Thursday!!  These ladies and this wonderful shop turned what I thought would be a scary, overwhelming, dreaded experience (hence the last minute) into an exciting, happy and joyous occasion!  The dress was HIT at my wedding.  Everyone commented on how it didn't look like the typical cookie cutter dress that so many are wearing these days.  Beautiful corset back and long train.  So lovely.  Thank you thank you thank you ladies!  This was a special day for my husband and I who have had so many struggles in dealing with being apart due to the military, and having the perfect dress and feeling like a bride made it that much better.  Would recommend Almond Tree to ANYONE.  Great selection, great staff and great prices.
5	Almond Tree recently moved to this new boutique.  It's in a very quiet shopping center.  The storefront is beautiful and classy.   We walked into the boutique and was immediately greeted by Louisa.  I've been to several wedding boutiques now and let me tell you, Louisa is the most knowledgeable and professional sales lady I've met by far. The wedding gowns in the store are separated by sizes.  They really do have a big selection of styles and designers.   Louisa was by my side the entire time I was looking at dresses to explain to me how they would fit and look. She quickly caught on to my taste and was able to make more and better recommendations.  I absolutely love the rectangular fitting rooms with two doors.  The size of the room made it so convenient for Louisa to help me get in and out of even the "poofiest" gowns.   Keep in mind Almond tree sells their dresses off the rack at a discounted price.  That means if you like a dress...you shouldn't hesitate too long because it will be back on the rack for the next bride to buy.   They have a seamstress in store to give estimates if your gown needs alterations.Definitely check this boutique out if you are shopping for a wedding gown.
1	Walked in...no one spoke to me...checked out the mark up on "used" dresses which is unreal!  Very disappointing for a beautiful location.
5	I don't know how anyone could say anything bad about this place. Like someone else said, it's not that hard to make an appointment (all businesses deserve that respect). Secondly, check your attitude when you walk in the door and stop writing negative reviews when YOU are actually the problem.When I first picked my dress and veil, it was at the old location. I had absolutely no issues when they moved a few miles to a much better store. That was just the start of how great they are. Emma (the one in charge of alterations) nearly redid my entire dress. I wanted something that no one else had, so I picked a dress that she spent months on altering for me. She was able to take my dress from a size 10/12 to a size 4. She changed the neckline to sweetheart and added a corset into the dress. She also fixed a few rips and had to redo the beading on the majority of the dress in order to get the symmetry right after taking it in so much. Not only that, but when my family came in from out of town for the wedding, my cousin needed a quick alteration. With only one day to work on a pair of his pants, she didn't hesitate to help out.Mind you, my wedding was at the end of October and one of the busiest times for them but she was able to do the alterations for my mom, mother-in-law, myself, and my cousin.Emma wasn't the only one that helped out only days before the wedding. I asked a huge favor of Louise a couple of days before the wedding and requested a custom head piece for my reception since I couldn't find anything in stores that I loved. She spent the entire day before my wedding creating it for me and even met me outside of store hours to deliver it. Let's re-cap: a custom dress, a cathedral veil, a custom head piece, alterations for family members, and the most incredible staff on the planet. Tell me again why you had a problem here? I love this team and am forever grateful for them making my wedding perfect.
3	This is a consignment store. That being said, you cannot walk in with pictures of what you want and expect them to have it. Some brides find beautiful gowns for way less than they would have spent elsewhere, and some brides find nothing. I went to this shop with my mom, MOH and MIL, and we had good fun. There was one single dress that I could even consider for myself, but it was more than twice my budget. Regardless, I found the staff to be knowledgable and very good, and was so impressed by the boutique itself. It had large fitting rooms with double access for the bride and the attendant and the entourage area was spacious and had plenty of mirrors. This is going to be hit-or-miss, so if you have a really long engagement and time to wait around, it could be worth going a few times to see what new stock is available. One of the staff also offered to contact me if they got anything new in that she thought I might like. Good experience, unimpressed with the stock this time.
4	Asia, as well as the rest of the sales staff  and management, were wonderful on the day of my appointment.  I never felt pushed about our budget, the suggestions that were made were very appropriate for the look I wanted, and the selection and price points were excellent.  They helped me to look forward to being a bride for the very first time.  I was, and am, ecstatic about the extraordinary, more than reasonably priced gown I chose.  Based on that single experience I would award love to award Almond Tree 5 stars but unfortunately my experience with their "highly recommended" seamstress tainted the entire experience.In short, Emma was lazy, sloppy, and rude.  I paid nearly as much as for the minor alterations- modest bodice adjustment, a little hemming, adding a couple of bustles- as I did for the dress without hesitation or question.  So it goes in the wedding industry, right?  What should have been a one trip fitting turned into to three and it STILL was incomplete- threads dangling and snags.  My MIL ended up taking it home and finishing it herself.  Emma made continual excuses and I got very tired of hearing them.  I'm well aware it's a a secondhand dress but there was absolutely nothing a little attention to detail and caring about the job you're performing- and hey, listening to your customer!- couldn't have fixed.  Needless to say we didn't take Almond Tree up on their drycleaning recommendation.AMENDED: I forwarded a copy of this review to Almond Tree as a courtesy on the same day I posted it and Pam, the owner, called me that same night.  I was impressed with her professionalism, sincerity and distress regarding my experience.  She clarified that the seamstress is a third party and not a direct employee of AT but she did not try to make excuses or otherwise place blame.  I believe she took the matter seriously and I greatly appreciated our conversation.  I've changed my 2 stars to 4 stars accordingly.
2	I went to Almond Tree after hearing rave reviews from two friends who previously purchased their wedding dresses there.  I was very excited at the prospect of finding an affordable consignment dress that would not destroy my budget. Overall, I was very disappointed with the limited selection, the high cost of available dresses and the lack of cleanliness.   Prices were significantly higher than many of the brand new dresses I tried on at other boutiques, and the selection was very, very limited.  My budget was $1,000 - I thought that would be easy to accomplish at a consignment store, but over half the dresses available in my size were over $2,000. Many of the dresses had not been cleaned - almost all of them were dirty around the bottoms, and more than half the dresses I tried on smelled strongly of perfume or (worse) BO.  Several of the dresses were badly wrinkled and I even found a clump of hair on one.  Sounds like this place is very hit or miss - for me it was a miss and I would not recommend it.
5	Asia was awesome! I love that they have candy, flowers, jewelry, headpieces, sashes, and just about anything else you could think up. The dresses and store are absolutely beautiful. The settings were much nicer than the other first hand boutiques I visited. The dressing rooms are perfect for privacy or more assistance.  Asia helped with everything and offered wonderful options. On a weekday, I was the only appointment. After feeling like I wasn't going to find my dream dress, Asia pulled a fabulous dress from recall. I was so happy and in tears (which I did not think was going to happen). To remove sleeves and add a bustle was very affordable. I even found out I liked their veil! This store is fabulous!
5	If you are the practical and economical bride this place is a must!  I found a dress elsewhere but waited to buy it until I had my appointment at almond tree.  I am so glad I waited.  I literally was deciding between a $1400 dress that would have needed $300 in alterations from a different store, or a $100 dress that fit like a glove.  Easy choice!  The experience here is as if you are at a bridal boutique, but BETTER.  The store is HUGE.  The mirrors are HUGE, the dressing room large, and the space where your entourage sit and wait is bigger than any of the 4 other bridal boutiques I had gone to first.  They offered everyone water and made them comfortable.  Pam the owner did my appointment and was extremely professional.  Way better service than any David's Bridal.  She is really, really, really good at what she does.  Once I found my dress and was trying to decide, she gave me space and time and walked away so I could discuss with my mother.  She wasn't pushy even the slightest bit.  I really appreciated that and noticed the difference compared to other bridal stores where they are trying to get the sale.Just like dress shopping anywhere, you may not find your dress at any one particular store.  It may take you a few appointments at different stores.  I recommend going here before you buy your dress anywhere.  They have loads of dresses at all sizes and the right price.  They have sample dresses with the tags still on and previously worn dresses.  They also have veils and accessories as well.So glad I found this place.  Glad to say I didn't spend thousands on my wedding dress that I will wear once.  Make an appointment online and check it out.  After the wedding I'll be back to sell my dress!
5	Yes, duh you have to make an appointment. Even though it is consignment, it is a classy place. The dresses used range from a few hundred dollars to thousands. I ended up buying the first dress, the one in the window. I posted a picture, you can see how excited the staff member was, I think her name was Jacquine (it has been a few months). She was wonderful! Dont judge her red hair or piercings she was knowledgeable and attentive. She even sent me a Congratulations on the dress card!The way the place is set up is first class, the double dressing rooms and staff that helps in get in and out was a far better experience than David's Bridal, and for half the cost. Plus they have couches and full length mirrors and even help to take the pictures. I can't say enough good things!
5	I just bought an incredible wedding dress from Almond Tree Wedding Boutique and couldn't be happier!!! The dress was in my price range ($520), never been worn & is absolutely stunning. Paige assisted me and was she was beyond patient with me. She had some great suggestions and helped me to think and see outside the box. I made an appointment a few days prior to today and had no problem being seen. The dressing areas are so nice, with couches, a platform and big mirrors. You do need to go in with an open mind and be willing to try on a lot. Hopefully you'll get as lucky as I did in finding an amazing dress!!
5	I wish I wouldn't have wasted my time at other places and just went here. But then I wouldn't have realized how great they are at Almond Tree. I am a younger bride without millionaire parents. I wanted a stunning dress without paying the price for one. I went to another popular consignment store in the Phoenix area and they were lacking a selection of small sizes...and customer service.You can make an online appointment...Awesome. Almond Tree LOOKS like a super high-end place. It's very elegant inside. They have tons of dresses, arranged by size, from every price range. In the same rack of dresses you can see price tags of $200 and then ones over $2,000. They have consignment dresses, but also new ones that they've bought from other stores or shows (I'm not exactly sure). So not all dresses are used.Pam was SUPER helpful and friendly. Not "salesman friendly" either. They genuinely want to help and they're not fake just to make money off of you.My trip was easy. I grabbed an armful of dresses and tried them on. Pam explained what I would need done to each one (if anything) to make it fit, or if I wanted to make changes to the style. I quickly found my perfect dress - a BRAND NEW Maggie Sottero for a tiny fraction of what it would have costed. And a lovely veil for $50. They stored my dress up til my wedding, which was almost a year away, for $20. I decided to use their alterations lady for alterations (technically she is a third party). I got in quickly and the appointment was quick and easy. Emma knows what she is doing! I came back a week and half later to try it on after she altered it and it fit like a glove! I went out to lunch while she spot treated a couple small stains and voila! that dress was in the back of my car and headed home to my closet. She added cups, took in the sides, and added a 9 point french bustle beautifully. The cost was slightly more than expected but that was fine since I got such a great deal and she finished the dress so fast.When I came to pick up my dress, I got a crystal pendant for $15 and a purse for $10, both for the wedding. You just CANNOT beat the prices and services here!My dress flew 2,000 miles with me to Michigan and held up all day during my reception. No complaints from this girl!Thank you Pam and Emma!
5	I had an amazing experience at Almond Tree. I tried on dresses from $150 to $1500 and couldn't believe the selection. Asia was a delight to work with and helped me to find the dress I will wear on my wedding day!
1	Beautiful Boutique in a prime part of town, but not worth checking out. On their website they say they have other dresses besides consignment, they definitely do not. My consultant asked me a bunch of questions about budget, dress type and venue, then told me I had to go find the dress myself I wanted. Kind of defeats the purpose of having the consultant and needing the information from me. I grabbed a few dresses, all of which show straight forward they've been worn before and scruffed up. I honestly thought they were sample dresses because they had looked that beaten.Once we got in the dressing room, the consultant casually handed me the dress and told me to get in it with no help or assistance but just to call her when I'm ready to be zipped up. This was my third stop of the day and the first consultant to do that to me. With the place being a consignment store, you would think they want their consultants to help bride's get in the dresses to save the dress from any extra damage, guess not. Regardless of this place being a consignment boutique, go somewhere with better customer service and with a consultant who will help you get into these heavy, expensive and sometimes complicated gowns.
3	I really enjoyed my experience at Almond Tree and thought my consultant Amanda was just wonderful.  I was not able to find the ONE here but I would recommend others to try their luck.  Honestly the main problem was that this place is a boutique so dresses are definitely limited.  Most of the dresses were big and poofy, which was not the style I was looking for.  I did find one dress that was at a good price point but in the end was a little too plan for me.  Pros: cute boutique, awesome dressing rooms, mimosas, friendly and knowledgeable staffCons: very limited selection, most dresses that were consignment seemed overpriced to me, difficult to find if you're not familiar with the area.  Also if you have a modest budget don't even think about looking at the cutest dresses which are on the mannequins.
5	Almond tree has a beautiful salon with a unique selection of gowns, veils and accessories. The people that work there are very helpful, and Pam, the owner is so nice and genuine. It's a great place to get anything you need. I found the most beautiful, perfect veil there after looking at so many other places. I recommend checking out Almond Tree. You never know what you might find there!
5	After an awful experience at another store, I was almost afraid to go to Almond Tree. Then after I walked in, I was terrified that everything would be out of my budget because their store is BEAUTIFUL! However one of the great things here is that everything is consignment so the prices really vary. You can find a super cheap gown for a few hundred dollars or drop a couple thousand.Our consultant Amanda was amazing. She talked me into a couple dresses that were not what I was looking for. They completely changed my mine on what I wanted. The bad thing about Almond Tree is that they don't have the largest selection, but its definitely worth a look. You might find your dress for a fraction of the price.While I didn't find my dress there, I will be returning to look for my veil and accessories. I also would recommend this store to ANYONE looking for a dress.
4	Almond Tree was the third place I went to in my hunt, and although I did not end up buying a dress from there, I will recommend the place to anyone! When I walked in we weren't greeted, which was a little upsetting, but they were just opening and most of the salesladies were tending to paperwork or behind the desk, so completely forgiven. The service after that was WONDERFUL. I forget who the woman was that helped us, but everyone in the store was so nice, many of them stopped by when I was trying on to comment on the dress. Their prices are reasonable and vary, but I was looking for a unique non-beaded lace dress, and was told by many stores that lace ones go first. Although I did not buy my dress here, I felt the need to give them a review based on the wonderful experience I had in July. Thanks Almond Tree!!
5	Loved the Almond Tree!! I tried on dresses here while I was visiting from Iowa this past May- I absolutely loved Alyssa. She was so helpful and fun, she felt like a friend rather than a sales person trying to pressure me into a sale. I didn't find my dress in this trip, but will be coming back because now that I've been to a few places in the Midwest I haven't found any place with as good of selection, a great staff, and reasonable prices. I love the almond tree and am determined to purchase my dress through them.
5	I love The Almond Tree!!! My entire bridal experience has been the absolute best!!! From picking out my gown ( the very first one I tried on ) , to meeting with Emma for my alterations. The entire staff there is positive, happy, and friendly. Overall great place to be when looking for the special dress for the day you always dreamed of. Emma is doing my alterations. She is such a sweet lady and amazing at what she does.  I highly recommend to all the brides to check this place out, you will not be disappointed.
5	I've been shopping around for a wedding dress for quite a while now, and have been to David's Bridal and other fancier independent boutique dress stores in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area. I felt that David's Bridal didn't have that "glamour" that a bride should feel when shopping for a dress, and the fancy stores were way out of my price range. Almond Tree offered David's Bridal prices with the fun atmosphere of the fancier boutique. I got to look through all the dresses in my size and try on all the ones I liked. My sales associate, Sue was such a big help! She was so kind, I immediately felt at ease with her. I didn't feel rushed or pressured to buy anything. I found my dream dress for the perfect price! I would definitely recommend Almond Tree!
4	Shopping at the Almond Tree boutique was a great experience. I was pretty much dreading the whole dress-buying experience, and they turned that apprehension into a lovely experience. I am not really into being the center of attention and the idea of paying 1k for a piece of (albeit beautiful) clothing that I would wear one day just wasn't exciting for me. The folks at Almond Tree made me feel as comfortable as possible throughout the whole process.The morning of, the boutique I was planning to visit with my group cancelled my appointment unexpectedly. I called Almond Tree at about 10 and they were able to get me in at noon that same day. Once there, the consultant was very welcoming and respectful of my budget and taste. She helped us pick out some options and then began helping me into them one by one. I ended up really liking the second dress i tried on (even though it was NOTHING like what I had been imagining for myself). Once I got back to the dressing room, I looked at the tag and the dress was twice my budget. The consultant was so upset that she had pulled a dress outside of my price range and apologized profusely. She and the rest of the sales team wanted to fix it, so one of them tracked down the person who owned the dress, and literally RAN down the street to tell them what had happened. The team completely owned that they made a mistake and in the end they were able to talk the seller into lowering the price. In the end, I was able to walk out with a fabulous dress without going outside of my budget. While I was initially frustrated that the consultant had made a mistake, overall I was really impressed by how far they went to rectify it and get me into a dress that I really loved. I was very satisfied with the whole experience.
5	I was referred to this store by a hair stylist that had recently gotten married.  I called and was able to make an appointment for the same evening.  I was helped by Sue, one of the sales gals at Almond Tree.  She listened to my ideas for what I was looking for in my dream dress...and we chose about six dresses to try on.  I found a perfect fit in the fourth dress I tried on...and this one was NEW!  I took one night to "sleep on it" as I had an appointment at a Davids Bridal the following day.  Shopping at Almond Tree was a much better experience.  The salesgirl at Davids kept bringing me dress styles that I specifically said I didn't care for.  I knew then that the dress I tried on the day before was the one.  Emma, the seamstress at Almond Tree is working on my final fittings and is even making me a custom bolero jacket just like one I had seen in the shop that was a bit too snug.  These girls have made this part of my wedding planning pure joy.  I'm looking forward to choosing a hair piece and earrings from Almond Tree to go with my dress.  Why pay retail prices for things that have been worn for half a day?  This was a great experience all the way around.  Many thanks to Sue, Emma, and the team at this boutique.
3	OK, so I bought My dress here and I'm having it altered there as well, but now I'm a little worried. I was completely on track with all the other 5 star reviews until today, I made an appointment, yes I MADE AN APPOINTMENT, to get my veil made by Louise. I took a half day at work even. Well I arrived at Almond Tree about 10 min to my scheduled appointment time and asked for Louise the girl standing behind the counter gave me a strange look and said "I'm sorry she's not in today" . Um excuse me, what? I said "I'm sorry but I have an appointment at 3pm?" Girl then decides, to go to the computer and check, and said she'll be right back,  then comes back and says she's sorry but she's going to have to reschedule me. WTF!
5	The staff are helpful and patient and willing to let you pick out the dresses you want to try on (I like that much better than having a consultant bring me dresses that THEY think I would like). Pretty good selection, they definitely have all the major silhouettes. Dresses average about $1000, and that doesn't include alterations. However, most of the dresses retail new for 3X that, so you're better off in the end if you're looking for a designer dress. Neat little shop, great experience. Definitely call to make an appointment!
5	I made my appointment at Almond Tree after reading reviews on Yelp, and am very happy to rate my experience as positive.  Even had I not found my dress here, I would recommend Almond Tree to brides looking for a boutique experience without extreme sticker shock.  Immediately upon walking in, we were greeted with warmth and professionalism by Sue.  I spotted the style of dress I liked on a mannequin, and although it was out of my budget Sue pulled several dresses that fit my preferences.  I think it is very important to enter a boutique like Almond Tree with an open mind; it is a consignment boutique, where you purchase off the rack. I found dresses that fit my style preference within a wide budget range.  If you go in with a style in mind - not an exact dress, a price range, and a willingness to try out recommendations from the very knowledgeable staff, you will leave with a positive experience even if you do not find your perfect dress.  I was pleasantly surprised by the selection; again, keep an open-mind and know that you can try on dresses in several sizes (Almond Tree also offers in-house altering).  The ambience was lovely, with several seating areas and mirrors devoted to small or large parties.  The decor and layout was appealing with dresses greeting you upon your entrance, and veils and accessories towards the rear. Almond Tree offers two options if you would like sleep on your decision - which I highly recommend.  I opted for a hold, which lasts for 48  hours, although you can also put down a deposit on a dress.  I returned two days later, on a Saturday to try on two dresses.  The boutique was very busy, yet I was greeted by the manager, Alyssa, who even took the time to speak on the phone with my mom as the purchase was made.  I was delighted with my overall experience, and I thank Almond Tree for positively adding to my wedding planning and day.
4	Beautiful store! This place has amazing dresses however, I did not find the dress. The associate who helped me was really helpful, patient, and was able to work with me. I just didn't find the one but I highly recommend this place.
5	In September , I bought my dress here. It was really reasonable and the atmosphere was very relaxing. I didn't feel pressured and none of the dresses picked out were above my budget.A couple weeks ago I went back to get my first fitting. The seamstress was very sweet and kept me informed on all the changes we would be making .I love my dress and couldn't be happier with my two different experiences at Almond Tree. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a beautiful wedding dress.
5	Best Bridal shop for any budget!The staff is so wonderful and kind. I am a plus size bride and was a bit nervous to try on dresses. The selection was great, found three gowns that I could choose from and get an idea of what looks the most flattering.Made me feel like a princess, best bridal experience I had.Thank you!
1	if I could give this business "ZERO" stars, I would. i am APPALLED by the way I was treated and spoken to. I am a 32 year-old bride getting married for the first time and fell in love with the first dress i saw hanging on display. being a "no-hassle" bride and purchasing the dress immediately after trying it on, (the first and only dress I tried) I scheduled to have the dress altered, naturally. Mind you, I did not have the dress hemmed. I had the sides taken in and had a bustle. I paid $250 for the alterations which included 3 FITTINGS! I arrived on time with my mother for this scheduled fitting, taking time off work during our day and commuting 45 minutes for the sales girl to tell us she forgot to let the seamstress know of our appointment! she casually tried to brush it off and not compensate us for our time, gas and inconvenience! I had to reschedule and come back AGAIN for my fitting, (the seamstress is a wonderful lady by the way, I have no idea why she works for this horrible rude woman), and she took in the sides and did the bustle, but she took it in a little too much. I was uncomfortable with the tight fit. She said she would let it out and to come back a week later. I arrived with my mom and aunt and the bust area was WAY too loose, appearing too big on top. an easy fix, she told us to come back In a couple hours. Fine. The owner tried to charge me AGAIN for altering the dress!! I told her we already paid for the alteration and that it was her mistake! THE OWNER TOLD ME IN FRONT OF EVERYONE IN HER STORE, THAT "YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF AND TO LEAVE THE STORE IMMEDIATELY"!!! I was shocked. I could not believe it!!! How she treated and disrespected me as a patient and paying customer!!!! This place is VERY UNORGANIZED, EXTREMELY UNPROFESSIONAL AND I HAVE NEVER BEEN TREATED SO POORLY! TERRIBLE management and problem-solving skills, she obviously has no idea how to run a business or handle situations in the proper manner! I was disgusted and would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. A positive experience plays a major role in dress shopping and this is definitely NOT THE PLACE! No one should ever be treated this way. The owner should be ashamed OF HERSELF and embarrassed! good riddance.. /Leila
5	I went in not knowing what to expect and ended up with a beautiful dress! I worked with Sue, who was not only knowledgeable but listened to my frustrations and interests with each dress. I had brought in my jewelry which we had to match the dress to (backwards, I know), which helped out quite a bit. She stayed out of the way while my family commented on the various looks and styles and did whatever she could to help. I haven't been in for alterations yet but I definitely look forward to it. Excellent place!
5	Found my dress. Pam was a wonderful sales rep and made me feel very comfortable and beautiful in every dress I tried on. She gave detailed advice on how alterations could be maid. Such a pleasant experience. If I could, I'd do it all over again!This place has a variety of dresses, from the traditional to non-traditional bride. And it's so affordable! I guarantee that chances are, you will find the dress that's just for you. I know I did!
5	WOW, this shop totally exceeded my expectations! For me, I was a "first timer" going out there and (hoping) for a decent experience at a boutique I found on yelp. Well, all the other reviewers said this was a pretty cool shop - so, why not? The only thing I was skeptical against was that it was technically a consignment shop and what does that really mean anyway? It means 85% of the dresses are brand new, bought from other stores for various reasons. The other 15% are dresses people consign. When I arrived and Sue helped me out by giving me and one of my bridesmaids our own couch and nook of the store for shopping! She had me fill out a questionnaire about what I was looking for and my bridesmaid grabbed dresses for me. The associate assigned to me (Sue) was great! No pressure, the atmosphere was relaxed, and the dresses were so amazing, my only issue was actually picking ONE out of the several I really really liked! Needless to say, I spent about 3 hours here and not once did I feel pressured to buy something or leave. I said "yes" to the dress and am so happy with my choice - and saved about $1000 off retail price on a brand new dress. Yippie!
2	I had a very negative experience at the Almond Tree. To be fair, we didn't know that we needed an appointment, but when we called to ask where it was located, we were told and eventually informed there had been a few "cancellations" so we could come in. Upon entering, the shop was completely empty except for the older saleswoman that greeted us. I told the saleswoman this was my first time trying on dresses. She was helpful with describing where to find dresses and sizes initially. However, when I chose a dress to try on, she told me that they don't allow brides to try on dresses outside their budget and put it back on the rack without a second glance at me. She never asked me what my budget was or why I wanted to try it on. I was shocked. She made me feel very uncomfortable and unwanted there. She ruined my first dress experience, and I would not recommend coming here if you want a fun and non-judgmental place to find a dress.
5	I ended up getting my veil here. I loved it and it was soooo much cheaper than anywhere else I went. I was pleasantly surprised by their new location. It is much bigger and so cute. It is obvious they have a much bigger selection now. If I were still looking for a dress, I probably would have gotten it here.
5	LOVE this place!  This was the first bridal store I visited and no one else compared.  After visiting 3 other bridal shops, I came back to the Almond tree.  Their service, dress selection and prices were the best in town!  I felt comfortable and the staff never tried to upsell or pressure me into purchasing any other accessories I didn't need.  Other places were obviously more concerned with sales.  The Almond Tree definitely stands out with their top notch service and making you feel special.  I even had my dress alterations done at Almond Tree and they were completed as promised, on time and great service!
