5	I have been seeing Sam for years now. Every time I walk into Shag Me, I'm greeted by everyone of the stylist in there.  The time that I'm there getting my hair done, it doesn't fail that I laugh more than once. Sam is awesome and I come out looking amazing.Everyone there is great and you want walk out disappointed! Everyone is welcomed there!Check this place out you will love it!!
5	I am notoriously picky about who touches my hair. After a few failed attempts to find someone who wouldn't just give me a variation on the same cut and color, I found Sam at Shag Me Salon and I knew instantly that I'd found my beauty spirit animal ;) I've now been getting "mah hurr did" by her for several years and the experience has been nothing short of amazing every single time. I always get exactly what I want and she's always good with making suggestions along the way to make sure I leave feeling like a hot little boss. Because of Sam, I have felt brave enough to try different styles that are completely out of the box and she always knows exactly what to do to make them look as polished and beautiful as possible. Unfortunately, I spend a great deal of time outside of Las Vegas now so I don't get to have her work her unicorn magic on my hair as much as I'd like (and no one anywhere else even comes close to how wonderful and skilled she is), but I would highly recommend her, or any of the amazing stylists at Shag Me, to anyone who wants to look and feel their best.
5	Dacia and her crew are the best!  Dacia has been my hairstylist for the past 6 years and I love the way my hair looks and feels. My hair is blonde so I have it highlighted about every 6 to 8 weeks.  I receive many compliments on my hair on how healthy and shiny it looks. I trust Dacia completely with my hair, I usually just sit on the chair and she takes over with her expertise and sense of style. Dacia and the rest of the stylists are genuine and friendly people with great sense of humor! I would not hesitate to recommend Shag Me Salon to anyone as I know that Dacia and her crew are all true professionals who are knowledgeable in every kind of hair trend.
5	Sam has been my hair dresser going on 6 years now. I had quite a few failed attempts with my hair before I started going to her, and now I feel like I'd be cheating on her (and downgrading) if I went anywhere else. This salon has an AWESOME atmosphere and is truly welcoming of its clients and I've never had a problem with them at all. Also, we talk about the zombie outbreak and video games while I'm there, soooooo yeah.
5	I've been going to shag me since I was 17. Legit, I've never seen someone leave this salon without fantastic hair. Everyone I've ever worked with did an amazing job and I've watched them do some real artistic designs while my color or curls set. Sam has been my color artist and she's always wonderful. If you want legit vintage bangs or updos, ask for Erika. Erika makes everyone feel super comfortable and appreciated. Sam will surely make you laugh a ton.
5	You know what I love? Walking out of a salon completely satisfied and feeling fabulous.I've been going to see Sam for about three years. I'm not the most consistent about my hair, and Sam always works with me for whatever my hair needs are. I will spend the rest of the day catching my reflection and giggling at how incredible I look. Every single time. The new space is totally rad. It's open, colorful, the TVs had "Fight Club" and "Girl, Interrupted" going while I was there, and the atmosphere is relaxed and accepting. I cannot recommend this salon, or it's stylists, enough. Quit surfing Yelp and make your appointment already.
1	I used to really like this place at the old location but this new one seemed very unprofessional and messy but I decided to give it a go because with my work schedule I have a hard time making appointments and they took me as a walk in, Kellee did my hair and she was really quiet and just seemed uninterested in her job. She didn't even ask me much about what I wanted so I assumed she got it, the highlights she did are very uneven so that one side is much lighter than the other, I have long hair with no layers so the cut or trim I thought would be simple but since she spent over an hour drying and curling my hair ( she did this without asking if that was how I wanted it styled) I couldn't even tell what the cut looked like when I left. I don't think she even asked if I liked the final product. once I washed and dried it myself I saw that she butchered my long bangs, they were all choppy and she cut more so they were way too thick, I'm so glad I didn't have her cut layers!... I'm really disappointed I have to go spend more money to have this fixed! It wasn't the worst color or cut I've ever had but for $130 and very poor customer service I definitely feel cheated. If you go here don't go as a walk in, I've had good experiences in the past with Erika, but I won't be coming back here...
5	Such a good environment. Very fun and down to earth with some extremely talented hair stylists! I get my hair done by Kellee and everytime it's flawless. I get so many compliments by it and pass Shag Me & Kellee's info around like crazy!
5	The salon itself is very nice and clean. Lots of natural light which I prefer. Had my hair done by Erika for my friends wedding this weekend and it looked FABULOUS! She was very sweet and did a wonderful job. I am so happy I came here, I got so many compliments and it fit the theme of the wedding perfectly.  Thank you so much!!!!
5	Monica has been a saint to my hair. I trust her completely. Wether it's a cut or color I always leave completely happy with my hair. It is such a fun  environment to be in.  I'll never go anywhere else!
5	First and foremost, let me say I really enjoy the laid back atmosphere of this salon. I also love that they are showing the grinch on their TV for the holidays. I get my hair done by Lanita, and she is amazing!  She has literally changed my hair to every color imaginable and it is still healthy and strong. My hair always looks awesome, and I would recommend her to everyone
