4	Wanting a second, but slightly less intense hike, a friend suggested we head to Papago Park in Tempe. This area is filled with trails and hiking and has a nice little side parking lot underneath an overpass so you don't have to park in the dog park/playground area. I was absolutely amazed to see the Loma Del Rio Ruins, which I had no idea existed. It brought a sense of peacefulness on top of being thought provocative (yeah, I just wanted to use the word provocative). It was wondrous to see the lush green areas, that even though you can't always see the water, give way to its presence. None of the trails are very long or intense, so they're perfect for beginners or relaxing hikes. Additionally, they have handicapped accessible trails also. What a great addition.It won't be my go to place, but on windy days such as the one I ventured there on, it made for a great end of the day and incited great conversation.
1	This review is to all parents! Papago Park is going to crap! What happened to Papago over the past few months? Maybe since it is summer the city's staff isn't taking as good of care of the grounds as they should, but there was dangerous broken playground equipment, all kinds of trash in the sand, and the general upkeep of the playground was horrible. BTW: I just have to say, Papago park gave me the creeps today. It was completely empty other than a few shady guys in the parking lot that I am pretty sure were doing a drug deal. I wont be going to Papago Park again. I like to hike there (just N. of McDowell,) but I don't feel this park is a safe place for my kids to go and play anymore.
3	I have spent many hours at Papago Park (next to the Phoenix Zoo). My family went there often in the 1960s and 1970s. I have read from many books while relaxing at this park. Make sure you have water with you, especially in the summer months. There are trails to hike or bike. There is Hole-in-the-Rock to hike and to enjoy views of the city (Phoenix, Scottsdale, & Tempe). There are lakes for fishing as well, although I have never fished there. I will upload some photos to give a better idea of what is available at the park.
4	This is a great park that boasts a little bit of everything. Without venturing out on the many trails that intersect and run throughout you have great landscapes that include water features, play grounds, BBQ pits, and shelters. If you are the more adventurous type then you have countless miles of multi-use natural trails at your disposal for your running, hiking, and biking pleasures. There are plenty of trails that include signage for the navigationally challenged as well as the non-typical trails that follow the natural curves and peeks of the larger hillsides, just don't get lost!
3	Things I really like about Papago Park:~ Trails that are "customizable"; you can take the mountain-goat-steep way or the actual marked trail depending on your mood. It's not the same steepness off the trail as it is on (but stay out of the native plant restoration areas, please!)~ Convenience to Scottsdale/Tempe/Phoenix~ The scenery. The red rocks are beautiful, Hole in the Rock is really neat, and from the top of the trails it looks like you'd descend into a rainforest from the palm trees and zoo plants. Things I do not like about Papago Park:~ The maintenance. There was a TON of broken glass on all the trails except Hunt's Tomb. I know they're high traffic and trash is bound to happen (tsk tsk, people!)  but come on, send out maintenance a few times a week. I spent half my hike making sure my dog didn't step on a piece of glass. ~ The maintenance again. There was a dead sunfish washed up and rotting on the shore of a pond along with other trash all through the reeds. Pretty unattractive.~ The families with small children. Please, please, keep your 6 kids under control. You shouldn't even be hiking with that many of them, it's too hard to keep track of them, hence dangerous. Also, please stop frowning at my dog (ew, he might sniff you!), and I will stop frowning at your kids (ew, they might puke on me!).
5	My family and I LOVE this park! We always take friends & family here who are visiting Phoenix for the first time, and I never get bored hiking & mountain biking here. You can also fish here, have picnics, and check out the beautiful botanical garden. Never a wasted day at Papago Park!
3	Ok so honestly the Park itself is beautiful. Its a fabulous hike, especially for anyone who is just starting to hike, or people who are trying to lose a few pounds. For more advanced hikers there are a few small mountains ( or big rocks is probably a better description)  that you can climb and have some fun. Here is the bad thing..trash, a lot of it and worse yet, a ton of broken glass! I was thankful I didnt bring a dog because I really would have been worried he would get cut. I mean there is a TON of broken glass all over the park! And if you have small children, well you may wanna skip this park. I really wanted to write a great review, a review with 5 stars....but I have never seen so much broken glass and trash on a hiking trail.....and I did the Appalachian Trail! I dont know if hikers just toss their glass bottles on the ground, if its homeless drinkers or why there is so much glass, but something needs to be done! Next time you go maybe pack some gloves and a trash bag and maybe we can get it cleaned up. But in the meantime you may wanna leave your dog and any small kids at home!
