5	if you ever want to experience real authentic mexican food then this is the place to be.The food was very good to excellent.There quesadillas were just amazing, and for only 10$ you can get a whole meal with a choice of a side order. The atmosphere of the bar is homey and the service is awesome.You won't be disappointed.
5	I've lived I'm Montreal for over ten years and finally found my favourite gourmet poutine ( poutine mexicana). Nice atmosphere, great staff.
4	This is an amazing place, not just for the long list of Tequila and the shorter menu of Mexican Quesadillas, Tacos, Poutine and Sandwiches, but for the cultural mix present and influencing the output from the Bar and Kitchen. Not only is this place reminiscent of Hernando's Hideaway for taking you down the stairs into the basement of an Islamic Study Center, where you can hear the Call To Prayer coming through the ceiling; but also for the Indian ownership that creates a Tandori Chicken Sandwich that interplays the Tandor BBQ flavor into the Mexican soul of the cuisine.  Maybe it's just me, but I had never thought of an Indian-Mexican culinary alliance.  It has great possibilities. The Tacos come open face and ready for two salsas, guac, and a dollop of sour cream.  Roll your own, baby. The place is warmly dark and inviting, with fluorescent colors in the rafters.  The Tequilas are a sight to behold lined up behind the bar on four or five shelves, and just waiting for you to grab a lime and salt shaker.  The Margarita was smooth, killer quick and struck like a viper.  This was definitely the place to come to hide from the heat, and sample the silky Tequilas and a big plate of Poutine Mexicana, an original variation of Montreal's most famous contribution to the world of French fries - think of it as Nachos with fries rather than chips with a lot more cheese and choice of chicken, beef, chorizo, or veggies. Everything else we tried was fresh, tasty and original.Awesome. Just awesome all around.
3	Quite an OK place. Good variety of drinks to select from. Neighborhood does not fit in preferred choice. 2 simple recommendations- don't try nachos and do try house fries.
4	I'm happy I chose this place as per our usual yelp routine. The ambiance was good, the food was delish and I enjoyed there tequila cocktails.The owner was super friendly and we received amazing service while we were there he even gave us a free shot of Jameson! We will definitely be returning in the near future. A must try place for authentic Mexican cuisine!
5	This is a super fun place! Went there after our hopes of finding a new Mexican favorite (Amaranto on Monkland) were dashed (badly!!). We really wanted some margaritas to wash out the bad experience. In the end, no margaritas were to be had, but we made up for it with other cocktails.First, the service is five star!! The owner is very friendly and attentive, comes over regularly to see if everything is ok and seems like an all-around really nice guy. The server we had, Genevieve, was a doll!! She was so sweet and let us take our time and was super informative.We only sampled the chicken quesadilla, which was very tasty and just what we needed. The guacamole on top was great and the sauces they give on the side (garlic, then a very hot red sauce, a green sauce and a pico de gallo) were all fresh tasting and a great compliment to the quesadillas.The drinks!!! Very strong, no messing around here with crappy watered down stuff! We stuck to their cocktails, and had several of the Latin Lover (very sweet and the cranberry was the strongest note I felt), Mango Mohito (wow, VERY strong, not for the faint of heart and less sweet, more minty) and Tequila Bar Sunrise (also hardcore strong!!).The bar is fun, has two stripper polls (haha), some pool tables, some gaming machines in the back, looks clean, has cool lighting, and the music is really good.All in all, the vibe is just right due to a good mix of tasty food, super duper staff, good music and good prices.Will be back for sure!
3	My friend is obssessed with Tequila so we went here for his birthday.  Kind of off the beaten path but very close to Cote Vertu metro so that's a plus.  We ordered the taco sliders to start.  They were pretty good, the bread was nice and soft.  For the main course I had chicken tacos and french fries.  They put this really nice cilantro spice on the french fries.  All of us were pretty impressed with the food.  The service was pretty good, and staff was friendly.  We were there until about midnight, and the place gets a bit... shall we say.... sketchy.  Apparently there was some pole dancing that we missed out on.
5	Liked the ambiance. Lively music, pool tables.. Feeling young and fun. Chicken wings were great with all three dips. Service was great as well.
4	I have been to Tequila Bar twice. I ordered the shrimp tacos and they were delicious. The fries were seasoned to perfection. There's a special twist to the flavours. You won't be disappointed. The only critique I have is concerning the portions. You may still have room in your stomach after finishing your meal.Therefore, I recommend you order an appetizer as well. Price/quality ratio = good. Price/quantity= so-so. This should not stop you from trying this gem. It's a must!
5	Amazing staff, awesome food!! Overall great experience. The tandoori option is def a must try along with their Mexican style poutine.
3	I came here bc of the great reviews...i will no longer listen to reviews because everyones taste is different. This place was okay, I ordered the sunrise cocktail tasted like juice...not strong at all, the poutine was spicy and quesadillas were okay but small portion. if youve ever been to Chipotle Mexican Grill in the states ,which is amazing larger portions, then this place doesnt compare and chipotle grill is considered fast food! in addition, the music was horrible, some sketchy looking people, more of a caususl vibe. However, the waitress was very nice. Not too expensive the dishes. i will not return and will continue looking for great mexican food but doubt there is any good here.
5	I believe this place is underrated. I've been to this place a few times and I mainly go because their food is absolutely delicious. A very affordable an decent price for both alcohol and food. One my main favourite dishes are the chicken wings and their house fries. Oh let's not forget the sangria was the bomb !!! This bar should get more credit.
5	Nice place with good service and fresh food.  We ordered chicken and shrimp tacos.  We also ordered Quesadilla with spicy chicken. Each come with a choice of salad, fries or nachos so we ordered one of each. Food has smaller portion size but tastes better. Each one come with 4 dips and spicy one was pretty good. On a cold snowy evening, what you need is a good food and a good drink!
