5	Let me give you guys the rundown first.... We had a birthday party for my son at a park for about 50 people.   The party started at 12pm and we wanted to have food ready by the start.  My son and his friends are all on a football team, so these kids aren't shy about tearing food up.  PoppaNaps was definitely up for the challenge.  When we arrived early (around 9:30am) to secure the tables, PoppaNaps was already there prepping all the food.  He has a huge smoker with all  the works to cater to everybody's likes and needs.  All the food was raw and prepped and ready to be cooked.  Before long, the sweet smell of smokey bbq and spices filled the air.  Poppa Naps cooks everything onsite which means that all of the meat and sides are fresh, never pre-cooked.  We had burgers,  hot dogs, chicken,  and ribs.  Let me tell you that Poppa Naps is not cheap when it comes to the food.  The chicken pieces were big, and not to mention moist and juicy.  The ribs were meaty, smokey, and delicious.  Just the perfect combination of spices without overdoing it.   The sides were really good also, with the baked beans being my favorite.  The beans were flavorful and tasty.  I couldn't help but the have seconds, and even thirds.  Good thing we were at a park because after the delicious food, a nap under a shaded tree was in order.To sum it up, Poppa Naps was great.  I have been to several catered events and this by far has been the best.  The food was truly amazing.   Poppa Naps cooked plenty of food for everyone to eat until stuffed, and there was food still left over.  The meats where meaty and tasty, the sides great, and best of all, cooked fresh on the spot.  Besides all this, Napoleon from Poppa Naps is not only the nicest person I've ever met, but he goes out of his way to make sure the customer is satisfied, along with their bellies.  I recommend Poppa Naps for your event without hesitation.  Try it, and have a worry free bbq!!
5	Excellent BBQ! Loved the brisket and the sides are delish! I also liked the chicken (very juicy, not dry). I'm usually not a fan of potato salad but this one I couldn't stop eating!!! Super good! We will for sure be calling at our next event!
5	Hosted a corporate event last week, What a pleasure!! The food was some of the best BBQ I have had in a long time. ( I have had BBQ from 3 other sources in the last six weeks, and none even come close to Napoleon and his staff.  Service outstanding. Can not give enough kudos.Will be using him every chance I get in the future. No reason to go anywhere else!
5	Poppa Nap BBQs some amazing tri tip and briskett!  Plus Napoleon is an honest and nice guy.  I've ordered from him many times now and the food is always excellent.  Poppa Nap will bend over backward to take care of you!  I'll be ordering again soon!
5	What a find! If you are ever thinking of ordering catered barbecue in Las Vegas, Napoleon is your guy. With only a couple days notice, Napoleon stepped up to the plate and delivered a fantastic barbecue spread for our 4th of July party. What was so great about the food and service was the fact that they essentially set up shop at our rental home and cooked most of the food on location.  I could see first hand the passion that went into preparing my fabulous meal.We ordered the brisket, pulled pork, barbecue chicken, coleslaw, grilled vegetables, baked beans, and roasted potatoes and had plenty of food for all of our guests.The chicken, vegetables and (surprisingly) the potatoes were the standouts for me - though I ate and enjoyed everything. I'm not sure how he prepared the potatoes but they were absolutely fantastic.The whole experience overall was memorable. Napoleon and his sidekick were extremely personable and produced some pretty delicious barbecue for Las Vegas. And getting to enjoy the delicious smells of the on-location cooking - well that was just an extra bonus!I highly recommend Poppa Naps BBQ - and am now craving some more of the food. Too bad I'll have to wait until next year when I go back.
5	Had poppa Naps cater my dads 50th birthday when we went to Las Vegas from California. Absolutely amazing!!! We eat a lot of barbeque in California and the food that was prepared was some of the best bbq I have ever had. everyone loved it and would recommend poppa naps to anyone looking for just good food!
5	Every year my friends from around the country meet in vegas for our fantasy football draft.  This year we went with Poppa Naps and we'll never use anyone ever again.  Everyone agreed that this was the best brisket they've ever had.  Seriously.  In their lives.  It's ridiculous.  Napoleon apparently has a special rub that he uses or something, but it's unbelievable.  We ordered a bunch of things, roasted veggies, chicken, etc and it was all delicious. Napoleon himself is a great guy, helps you plan the meal and is just a pleasure to deal with.  When the nutty landlord of the house we were renting questioned the proximity of his smoker, he moved it with a smile (even though the landlord was 100% wrong - there wasn't any smoke).  He's great, the food is sensational and we'll never use anyone else.  You'll agree with me when you try that brisket.
5	Napoleon has the best BBQ in town. He's always on time and he delivers quality food. His cole slaw is the best...never runny, always crisp. His brisket melts in your mouth. Make a plate of brisket, baked beans, cole slaw, and some rolls and you're in heaven! I would recommend him for any event big or small.  He's a class act. Thanks Poppa Nap!
5	This guy is great! Made delicious BBQ, which as a Texan is saying a lot. His ribs and brisket were incredible, but I recommend smoking a whole pig. That's what we did, it was tasty- and Napoleon is a super nice guy, had beer with us while everything was cooking. I cannot recommend him enough.
5	Napoleon makes some of the best BBQ I have eaten. He catered a party for us in Las Vegas, and he did it up awesome. We had a whole hog, brisket, ribs, chicken and all the sides. His brisket was amazing and the pig was truly a work of art. The mac and cheese had BACON, and all the sides rocked us all. Napoleon was a great guy, and I want to hire him to do any party I have. Do yourself a favor and hire Poppa Naps BBQ as soon as possible.
5	the best catering service ever.....don't second guess. ...hire the best! you won't be disapointed Poppa Naps BBQ and side dishes are amazing.. juicy tender bbq that melts in your mouth and the sides dishes really compliment the dinner well....A true professional. ..great personal service at a great price!..Poppa Naps we love you!!!
5	Napoleon is amazing. Hands down, best BBQ I've ever had. They served lunch at our Bike MS event and everyone absolutely LOVED it! They brought veggies, chicken, mac'n'cheese, and pulled pork with a slew of delicious sauces. Cyclists, volunteers, and staff were swarming the lunch tent to get seconds and thirds. I'd highly recommend choosing this company if you want delicious catering for a festive event. We ran into some bad weather during our event and all people could think about was getting back to the festival to have some BBQ! Thanks, Napoleon!
5	This review is LONG OVERDUE!! And for that I apologize Poppa Naps! My wife and I got married in Vegas several months ago and the landlord of the home I was staying at highly recommended Poppa Naps BBQ, and boy was i happy she did!!!Poppa Naps was great on the phone, he explained all the options. He showed up on time and worked through the night making my guests rave about the service and food! There are so many things to worry about at a wedding, the food should be the last of your worries!! Poppa Naps came through and I can't thank them enough! We all especially loved his whole roasted pig! AMAZING!!! His prices are great! And his food is great! But it's his service and passion for his business that makes all the difference! Again Napoleon, sorry for the delay, you deserved this review a LONG time ago. Thank-you! Thank-you! Thank-you!!!
5	The only disappointing thing about Poppa Naps is that they don't have a retail location.  That might be good news because I would literally "pig out" if they did.  Coming from North Carolina I appreciate the true art of slow cooked pulled pork.  Napoleon is an artist.  It is dramatically better than any BBQ I have tasted since moving from NC to Las Vegas five years ago.  Highly recommend if you need a great caterer for your event.  Please invite me!
5	What can I say about Poppa Naps? THE BEST BRISKET WE'VE EVER HAD! We decided to book Napoleon for our wedding this past March by word of mouth without even tasting his food! Napoleon came from Vegas to SD for a New Year's event and took the time to bring us some samples. I can honestly say, when we tasted his brisket, we didn't need a knife, it was so tender that it cut with a fork...we were sold!Not only was he responsive in emails and communication, but he was incredibly easy to work with and I knew that I didn't have to worry about our wedding at all! AND he brought out his 15ft slow cooker onto the pier for our wedding, which was amazing!When we went over our wedding menu we chose a few appetizers, including his riblets and the main buffet of brisket, bbq chicken, bacon mac n cheese, veggies, and coleslaw. We got married on the beach and the menu was perfect and ALL of our guest had wonderful things to say. My husband said that if we won the lottery he would hire Napoleon to be our personal chef, he's from Florida and knows what good BBQ is :)I honestly look forward to another even that I can hire Poppa Naps.Thanks Napoleon for making our rock star wedding!xo
5	BEST BBQ EVER!!!! If you need an event catered, this is the place to go! The chicken is so moist and seasoned perfectly. The pulled pork is my favorite as it is so flavorful you don't even need to add sauce. Although, the BBQ sauce is so delicious you would not want to skip it. I am not a big fan of beans, however, these beans were amazing! This is definitely the BEST BBQ I have ever had. Thank you Poppa Naps! We will definitely be back!
5	Being a Southern boy for the last 10 years before moving to Vegas, it was a bit of a challenge finding a BBQ joint that met my expectations. A happy surprise discovering Poppa Nap. I'll be hitting this guy up again soon.
5	I worked at a wedding that Napoleon catered on The beautiful Crystal Pier all the way in San Diego California! (proves he will drive a long way to make you happy)The BBQ was a major hit! I couldn't believe his prices either. Seriously the most affordable catering I have ever seen. The best part, he just such a genuine, nice, caring, father-like figure to everyone. People just love him. And I can understand why.The world could use more people and businesses like Poppa Naps.
5	What a great find! I was planning a bachelorette getaway for 12 girls and was looking for a place that would cater and deliver to the strip. We got rooms at The Signature at MGM and didnt want to deal with the hassle of going to a restaurant. I called up Napoleon and he was awesome and so accommodating. We ordered the chicken and pulled pork (awesome) as well as the potatoes (a little dry but great with the BBQ sauce he delivers) and the grilled vegetables (SO good). There was a ton of food and Napolean came on time as promised with all of the utensils, plates and everything. His prices are also very reasonable. If you are looking for a BBQ catering option in Las Vegas, this is your place! Great food, great people and great service. Thank you!
5	Yup another 5 stars! Napoleon and team catered my wedding and it was AWESOME! The food was amazing & the service was perfect. We had all types of things go wrong at our wedding too, a black out the elevators were shutdown for a bit (guess swanky hotels have their bad days). Napoleon didn't skip a beat. Once the food arrived piping hot, no one even remembered what just happened. It was all about ribs, delicious brisket, bacon mac & cheese, BBQ sauce all over everyones face. All our guests had the Totally Carnivorous, Sons with Bacon Mac & Cheese, Grilled Veggies, Baked Beans, Grilled Potato Wedges, Coleslaw and Rolls on the side. All devoured, all delicious! Recommend highly to anyone wanting to throw down on some grub!
5	I wish I had written this earlier!! I used Poppa Naps to cater a big corporate training our company had in Las Vegas. I'm located in Beverly Hills so without me even being there Poppa Naps made everything AMAZING! I got so many compliments from everyone and got a big thumbs up from the company VP so thank you Poppa Nap! Look forward to using you again!
5	Poppa nap catered my work party for thanksgiving ! Twas amazing, very pridefull man who just loves to cook good food for people. And always makes sure they are satisfied. Can't go wrong with the ribs but the biscuits are where its at! The whole 9 yards or nothing at all ! And for the amount of food we got at 11pm at night, amazing warm and fresh ! Thanks again !
5	First time I stumbled across poppa napps BBQ I was sold!!! I have since then had him cater two of our parties. We have an annual Halloween party and from now on we make it a point to have Nap cater for us.  My friends and family can't stop talking about the pulled pork and the brisket. It literally melts in your mouth. Coleslaw and beans are delicious. First thing my friends asked me when they got their invites this year is if we were having the same food as the previous year. That's a good sign. I highly recommend using poppa napps BBQ for any event. You won't be disappointed. Great customer service and delicious food!
5	So had Napoleon cater our lunch for work today.  Excellent food,  can't say enough good about the food or the service.  Best brisket I've had in vegas and the pulled pork was so good.  Napoleon was very nice and everything was taken care of.  We had enough for about 25 of us and very good....
5	We have used Napoleon and Poppa Naps BBQ services for 3 events for our company, the food and customer service was spectacular. Napoleon genuinely loves what he does and I believe that has attributed to his success and results.MEATSI have had his ribs, brisket and tri-tip. I would recommend all three meats, his tri-tip is to die for though.Best tri-tip I've had by far, there is a particular rub and coating that develops after it is BBQ-ed and it provides a ring of flavor while eating. The ribs were perfect, tender and flavorful yet not over cooked. Napoleon competes in rib cook offs all the time around the nation. The brisket was also great as well, very very tender, great with the "spicy" BBQ sauce. I didn't even need a knife. SIDESI really enjoyed the Santa Maria Beans with salsa and grilled potatoes. The beans taste very clean and fresh. They compliment the meats very well.
5	Let me say that Poppa Naps brings his "A" game to every event that he works!!! He's a great guy, super personable and man can he BBQ!!! I hired Napoleon to cater our PTA's Silent Auction/All school event. The theme was "Rawhide" and nothing could have completed that experience better than Poppa Naps smoking his delicious, juicy, tender, chicken and brisket on-site!!! There's nothing better than the aroma of BBQ wafting thru the air...YUM!!! Everyone raved about the quality of his food and even went back for seconds!! He has even been gracious enough to donate 2 BBQ packages, one last year and one currently, both for our school's Fundraisers. He's a ROCK STAR!!!Poppa Naps has also catered our business events at our studio...again...RAVE REVIEWS!!! Best Brisket and chicken, love the veggies and grilled jalapenos, and you can never go wrong with his bacon mac-n-chz!!! Poppa Naps hooks it up in more ways than one!!! If you're looking for someone to cater your next party or event...this guy is like family!!! One of a kind!!!
3	I've had the best BBQ in Texas and pretty much tried all the BBQ places in Vegas and so far, aside from the place in Austin, TX, there's only one place to go in Vegas for BBQ. When I noticed this place pop up all of a sudden on yelp I was pretty excited because of the 5 star ratings and wanted to see if it really lived up to the hype. I hate to be the guy, but I was pretty disappointed. Ribs - This was not fall off the bone, super tender or juicy. It was quite tough to chew on and I thought it was the initial piece I took but when I tried another it was pretty much the same. Brisket - Brisket is by far my favorite BBQ meat, Papa Naps brisket was submerged in a juice which kept it moist. I'm not sure if I like that since it washes away the dry rub that was on it. The first piece I had was ok, a little too much fat on it but nothing really special. Pulled Pork - This is by far the best dish they had and the savior of the meal. Pork was insanely tender, juicy and EXTREMELY flavorful. I usually don't care much for pulled pork, but if they had a store I would just go in for this. The initial serving I took was just perfect the way it was but when I went back for seconds, it was way too salty. It might have been a mistake, but nonetheless it was very good. We ordered a few sides and tried their sauce, but nothing really worth mentioning.I would have given them 2 stars if it wasn't for the pulled pork, but  if you're planning to order from him make sure to order it, it is definitely something you don't want to miss and the best I've ever had.
5	Hands down the best BBQ I've had in a long time!!!! Couldn't believe the price for such great food and service. I dealt with the owner Napolean, the entire step of the way he made sure things went smoothly and  gave us a great deal for our catered event. The staff was more than polite, they interacted with the guests and made sure everyone had a plate in their hand. I love these guys! Can't wait to host more events so I can taste more of that delicious pulled pork!! Mmmmm good!! Highly recommend these guys for your next company party or event!
5	This guy is a class act! Bravo job last night Napoleon! Good to meet you and your crew. And his BBQ.... WOW what a spread :)
5	Poppa Naps BBQ catered at a personal home for two nights in a row for a company party, and he did a great job! BBQ food was great on the first night, and the second night we had fabulous prime ribs, asparagus, and veggies. He's a nice guy and I recommend having him cater your party!
5	Our company likes to hold quarterly appreciation lunches for our crew but with the fast-paced industry we work in, it's hard to plan too far ahead.  We reached out to Napoleon with a last minute request to serve 30 people and he was more than willing to make it work.  He showed up that morning, backed up to our warehouse and started smoking all of his delicious food.  The guys couldn't wait for lunch!  He brought all of the fixin's along with plates and napkins.  More than enough food and it made it easy on those of us who have to plan these things!  Will definitely use Poppa Naps for future events!
5	Let me start off by saying what a genuinely sweet man Napoleon is. If it wasn't for his super affordable prices, his personality would have sold me.Poppa Naps catered our wedding reception on May 25th and he didn't disappoint!The minute we walked in the door we were getting rave reviews about the food.We had brisket, pulled pork, bacon Mac n' cheese, and the vegetable medley for the vegetarians. Our wedding coordinator made my husband and I plates and set them aside for us knowing we wouldn't have time to make our own mingling and all. Even stone cold the food was incredible!I am definitely using Poppa Naps for all future catering events!
5	Poppa Naps is the BEST!  We at VORE (Vegas Off Road Experience) use Poppa Naps for our customers and they all love the food and I love the prices.  They are affordable and accommodating with helping you with both menu and budget.
5	We love having these guys come to our offices! He is on time, professional, and a great person to talk to. He is also very quick with responding to business inquires. We especially LOVE the mac and cheese!
5	We went on-line to look for caterers as came upon PoppaNap BBQ and after reading some reviews decided to go with him. I have to tell you that from the very beginning he was friendly, personable and professional. We ended up booking him or my sons first bday and it was an awesome experience! PoppaNap pulled up to our house in his truck with BBQ trailer in tow for the while neighborhood to see. Once he started cooking you could smell the food from blocks away. It made our mouths salivate and our stomachs growl in anticipation of this soon to be great meal. PoppaNap's food is made from the heart and I know this because I asked him about his background an what got him into cooking. He responded that he was a teacher for 20 plus years but his true passion was cooking so he followed his heart and started his own catering business. When you read testimonials you can see why he has been so successful.  He isn't looking to gauge his guess with prices.  He wants repeat customers and h wants all of his customers to have a memorable experience and to never forget his hospitality an great food. Well PoppaNap you have succeeded. There was over 50ppl at my sons party and each guest still talks about your food. Great job and we wish you all the success in the world. You are a great guy and your good is a direct representation of you. Thank you for catering the food at our sons first bday party.  We look forward to booking you again soon.
5	Hired Poppa Naps for my backyard wedding.  He showed up early to start grilling in his huge steel smoker type BBQ.  It made the whole yard smell amazing.  As we ran off to take photos he gave me the first taste of the brisket right off the grill and I almost choked...it was so juicy and delicious.  I got the triple gut buster 3-meat option with a bunch of sides.  Everyone loved it and he left us the left-overs so we were eating it happily for days.  His prices are very reasonable and he is just a lovely person all around.  He made me feel really special and checked in on me lots of times just to make sure I was doing okay in my planning process.  Will definitely use him again anytime I want a caterer.
5	Highly recommended.  Poppa Naps catered a 21st birthday party last May at the Polo Towers with his great BBQ food along with his just-as-tasty mac 'n cheese.   With wall to wall people in the suite/studio, it got pretty loud before eating, but was almost quiet while everyone was 'woofing' their food down 'cuz it was that good.  Napoleon's BBQ is very popular with the locals as you can read by the other reviews. He has a great BBQ setup and is dedicated to making it his best each time. His prices are so reasonable and he is great to get along with.  If it's not on the menu, just ask.  There is a negative though, no restaurant... yet.
5	I would never give this guy 5 stars.... 10 without a doubt!!!!Poppa Nap's  just hits it right out of the ballpark. We used him for a bridal shower and then the day before a wedding for our out of town guests. I told my wife with 50 people and brisket and chicken to order more brisket it would go fast....she didn't it went... people cried for more.   That food disappeared faster the Siegfried and Roy could make a tiger go.  Comes in, stays out of the way, they do their set up, makes sure there is always food out, and your guest just go nuts.Great price, no headaches and from now on for me when I have a party... I will no longer grill... Just gonna call my Poppa!
