5	Dr. Kiddis is the best!  My boss recommended her to me and after several admitted years of dental neglect, I finally buckled down and went in to see her.  Dr. Kiddis and her entire staff are top-notch, friendly, down-to-earth and 100% professional.The offices are located in a plaza on Lincoln Drive, just southwest of the corner of Lincoln & Scottsdale Rds.  I went for my initial eval and intake a few weeks ago.  I was AMAZED at how modern dentistry has become in the last few years.  Everything is digital.  They used a cam in my mouth and documented all the trouble spots and shared the pix with me.  They worked up 2 separate dental plans for me to address my neglect and provided financing options as well (as my insurance, as many do, only covers a portion of their services).   They digitally documented baselines of my oral situation and we're moving onwards & upwards from there.I've since been back for a cleaning & scaling.  This week the good doctor finally fixed some issues with my 2 front teeth that have precluded me from giving full-mouthed, toothy grins for the last few years.  She did an amazing job with matching color, and shape and my "new teeth" rock!  Full-tooth smiles, FTW!Everyone in the office is super cool, great conversationalists and very friendly. I actually enjoy going to the dentist!  One other cool aspect is the music they play in the office.  They play CDs that I actually have in my collection at home and I heard (on shuffle, natch), ABBA, Enya (very soothing) and Ella Fitzgerald.  Dr. Kiddis is young, modern, professional and an absolute pleasure to work with.  I feel like she really cares but also understands that I can't devote my entire salary to dental costs and is working WITH me in a feasible & professional manner.  I recommend PVSmiles 150%!
5	THE DOCTORDr. Kidess in one word: professional.  Her busy is a tightly-run ship.  She's one of the few doctors I've met that understands that while we need doctors for our lives, we have choices.  She treats you like a consumer in the best way possible- she earns your business.  She consults you about every choice and decision, fully explains your options, and never tries to "sell."  She is always concerned about your comfort and making sure she's doing everything she can for you.  THE SERVICEThe whole staff is very comfort-oriented.  Everyone wants to make sure the experience is not only effective but totally painless.  They care about things like your view of the tv (see below), the angle of your head, etc.  They make sure you're happy. That's a really big feet when you have a drill in mouth.  THE PRICEAverage.  I paid out of pocket for a lot so that was rough but they're conservative in their treatment plans.  They lay out multiple tiers of what kinds of work you should have done, can have done when you get the money, and optional preventative measures.  Also, they're very clear about what things cost- there are never any surprises or hidden huge fees later.  She's proactive enough to ward off future problems (she was the first dentist to ever identify how bad my teeth grinding was and how much damage it was causing/would continue to cause) but not grubbing for your dollars.  THE OFFICESuper modern.  I will echo the former review that Dr. Kiddess has the latest cutting-edge dental technology, including a PERSONAL DVD PLAYER while you get your teeth worked on, complete with a good collection of movies.  This made catching up with a few years of dental neglect a breeze.  I watched Little Miss Sunshine almost in its entirety over 3 weekly appointments.  They even scanned to the place I left off :-)
5	Dr. Kidess still rocks, but apparently my spelling skills do not!  I misspelled her last name when I wrote the 1st review.  Her name is spelled "Kidess", not "Kiddis".  I've submitted a request to the Yelp team to update as the business name is locked, but please take note.  Durrr...
5	Dr. Kidess is wonderful, knowledgeable and professional dentist, with an incredible bed-side banner. After seeming a series of terrible dentists, I was happy to be recommended to Dr. Kidess, and even more thrilled to have had such a positive experience in the office.She takes time to explain any procedure she recommends as well, as the pros and cons behind her recommendation. She did a wonderful job on my filings, and took the time to check to make sure everything was perfect. Her office staff is wonderful, and there was barely any wait time. Overall a  great experience!
5	Attention all: You cannot find a better dentist than Dr. Kidess!She is truly one of a kind. The way in which she runs her practice is not like any other. Individualized treatment and attention to every detail is something that comes naturally to her and she does not cut corners on anything! She is thorough, has amazing technology and is a master in her profession. Her bedside manner is so tender and caring, she is very informative. As her patient, you will feel at ease, always informed and you never have to wonder if she is "pulling the wool over your eyes" as you may feel with other dentists out there. She really does put patient care above anything else.Her office is beautiful and the ladies she works with are so friendly, attentive and professional. Jessica greets you when you walk in and makes you feel right at home. The assistant and Dr. work together seamlessly, it's great to see that they are such a great team. They hygienists are also wonderful. Every element in that office is designed with patient comfort in mind. TV's, music, comfortable chairs with pillows, coffee/water, it's just so nice!I'm happy to recommend this office to everyone I meet. Dr. Kidess is the best out there!
