5	Hands down, the best all-around medical practice I have ever found (and I have been to quite a few...)I had an undiagnosed, rather personal, and extremely unpleasant medical condition for more than five years. I went to at least six doctors -- gynecologists, psychiatrists, psychologists, not to mention GPs -- in two states and was told, again and again, that I was a nutjob with clearly repressed memories of horrific childhood abuse.It took Dr. Barbara O'Connell ten minutes to say, "Honey, you're fine. Thirty minutes in the OR and you'll be good to go."I cannot speak highly enough of this woman, and since said operation (two years ago this March), I have recommended her in gushing terms to all of my gyno-needing friends.Seriously. (However, it can take a while to get a new-patient appointment, which sucks, but I think is often the case with competent gynecologists.)
5	I echo the previous reviewer about Dr. O'Connell. She is warm, extremely smart, and no bullshit. And she's passionate about women's issues.
5	Ditto all! I've only been there once, but will make sure my daughters go there too. Excellent, caring, compassionate.
5	Definitely the best medical experience I have ever had.  Dr. O Connel is a wonderful Dr. with a compassionate heart.  After visiting several Gynocologist and medical Dr. who told me there was nothing wrong with me and leaving me in tears of sadness, embarrasment and humilition Dr. O Connel diagnosed and helped me correct my problem.  I left her office in tears of joy because I finally found a Dr. that knew what she was talking about, made me feel at ease and was able to help me correct my problems.   I travel from IL just to see her and will continue to do so.  Her staff is also friendly and professional.  Do not hesitate to make an appointment.
5	I have been coming to the WomanCare Clinic for years and I have never once had anything less than a great experience. I see Mary Bina-Frymark NP and I cannot recommend her enough. She manages to be no nonsense while also being very compassionate. She has helped me through many medical problems and has gone above and beyond to help me when I had an emergency. In addition to Mary, I have also had wonderful experiences with all of the other nurses there. I really can't say enough wonderful things about this place. I recommend it to all of my female friends and I will never go anywhere else so long as I live in Madison.
5	This woman is AMAZING!! She's treated most the woman in my family and we are all happy customers! I had a reacurring problem that other gynos just threw antibiotics at which just made it come back because it was killing all my bacteria not just the bad ones so in my FIRST visit with her she told me the holistic approach and said it was cheaper and I haven't had a problem with it since!!and when I first got on birth control SHE let ME decide while other doctors tried to decide for me which made me shy away from it. She gave me a pamphlet and told me to call her when I decided. When i picked one and I wound up not liking it they got me in the same day I called to switch over to another one!   She does all my gyno stuff now!
5	Super sad that this clinic won't be around anymore, I've only been going for less than two weeks but Dr. Hedrington has been beyond amazing, making sure I can get what I need done before the clinic closes so she can guide me in the right direction when it does.
