4	I loved this place so much! I definitely think they're a top contender for plain-ole good Thai food in the city! The place is very cute inside. It is comfortable, clean, and casual-classy, but inviting. The staff is very nice and you can see their true willingness to make good product. We started our meal with crab rangoons, which were excellent! We then both got the pad thai and I thought it was fantastic. It wasn't smothered in sauce that drowned the wonderful vegetables and noodles, but instead coated them perfectly. It's a great and welcome addition to Dormont!ps... it's BYOB!
4	Now, I am not an expert on Thai food at all. But, I like to support my neighborhood and wanted to try it out when I saw it was open. Went in and the boyfriend ordered Pah Thai and I had some Tom Kah soup. The soup had a nice flavor to it. The Pad Thai was very good. It tasted great and they gave you a portion big enough to make two meals out of. I think the pad thai with chicken ran about $11 so my boyfriend stated he could get the same amount for $5 in the Strip. But they are really trying here to make it a nice dine in restaurant. What used to be a closed down pizza shop for as long as I've lived here, now looks like a small restaurant with nice glasses and friendly servers. They have a takeout menu as well (they were out of copies when we went in) So I think I could make this a place to pick up something different for a change. Go out and support a new business and maybe someone with a better palate for Thai can describe if the food is really up to par.
3	Welcome to the neighborhood!  What a nice addition..Potomac used to be lots of pizza (some not so good), a great bakery and one OK diner.  No longer, along with Sugar that is celebrating it's 1st anniversary, TSpoon is a welcome addition.  Yea!The staff was really cordial.  Fun to talk to and able to answer our questions.  Found out that this is the same family as Thai Cuisine which will open soon in Bloomfield, under renovations.  Nice little place with black table cloths under glass.We shared the Salmon in Heaven and Green Curry with Shrimp.  Both were good.  The green curry was spiced just right with fresh veggies and the shrimp was cooked perfectly (nice and tender).  The Salmon in Heaven was a little better, again cooked just right.   The food was good, but maybe not quite as good as SBL or LBITS, Thai restaurants that are my favs. Will definitely return.  Welcome, Welcome to the neighborhood!
4	We have been looking for a good South Hills Thai place since we move to Pittsburgh last summer, and now we have found it.  Thai Spoon has an unassuming storefront (no permanent sign yet) and dinning room, but it is warm and cozy.  The staff were very friendly and eager to serve.  I order take out, and it was ready and hot when I arrived.  Reasonable prices for this type of cuisine.Now the good stuff.  The food was delicious.  We had an order of red curry (level 2 spice) with brown rice, pad thai, and an order of spring rolls.  The red curry sauce was delicious and included pineapple, which added a nice flavor.  The rice was perfectly cooks.  Pad thai (level 3 spice) was equally delicious.  Spring rolls were light and crispy.This place is now our go-to Thai restaurant.  Please patronize it and spread the word.
4	Very excited to have an excellent Thai place within walking distance of my house!  I've only been here once and I went with the Shrimp Pad Thai takeout.  It was very good.  The shrimp was cooked perfectly (not rubbery at all).  Excellent flavor to the dish and a perfect 7 on the spice level.  I will go here more than once a week!
4	Excellent Thai food! This restaurant is owned by the same family that used to own the Thai Cuisine restaurant in Bloomfield I believe. We stopped in for lunch last Sunday, and both had the drunken noodle. One with chicken, and one with shrimp, both were very tasty, and the right spice level at an 8. We also had an order of the steamed dumplings, they paired well with their accompanying sauce. All in all, this was an excellent experience, and I am glad that there is finally a Thai restaurant nearby!
4	Check It out! New Thai place in Dormont right on Potomac. we came here for lunch and was pretty happy with all aspects of the establishment.The place is very small, maybe 8 tables. But that is good because there was only one server but even with about half the tables full the service was very good. I had the green curry which was absolutely spectacular and would say that is on par with what a great curry should taste like.  In my opinion the consistency of the "broth" was perfect, with a nice creamy flavor with not too much heat as I requested a 5 on the spiciness scale of 1-10. The lady ordered the pad thai which I thought could have been a little bit better. It was sort of blah, I think it needed some lime, possibly cilantro and some chopped peanuts. The lunch pad thai also came with a side salad that will catch you off guard if your not careful. The salad doesn't look like much but it packs a ton of flavor. It was hard to determine what was in the clear white dressing that was on the salad but it was sweet and spicy which was very tasty for this dude.The server was really friendly and took sometime to chat which I always appreciate and I hope this place is successful. Lastly the dinner menu looked way larger than the lunch menu with many typical Thai dishes. I will be certain to report my findings in the future on the dinner.
3	Since we were on our way through Dormont, we figured we'd finally give Thai Spoon a chance. After all, the reviews were generally good. Unfortunately, our decent expectations were somewhat let down. We ordered edamame, crab rangoons, and summer rolls for appetizers. The edamame was...well...edamame. Not much to comment on there, and the crab rangoons were good. My wife and I were divided on the summer rolls, though. I felt that they had way too much lettuce, which took away from the basil flavor, and also made them huge for summer/fresh spring rolls. The wife liked them because of her love of lettuce. They also came with a peanut dipping sauce, which was good, but also seemed too heavy for the lightness of a summer roll. It was a juxtaposition that I'm not sure that I liked.Neither of our meals really did anything for us. She ordered the chicken pad thai - spicy level 3 -  but definitely received a meal in the 5-7 range. She could barely eat it as she's not a spicy foods person, but tried to soldier through anyway. The flavors were decent, but no where near the best pad thai that we've had in Pittsburgh. The first thing i noticed was that but the noodles were undercooked, too...NOT a great first impression for a NOODLE dish.I tried the spicy basil with chicken. I ordered a spice level of 5, but we're thinking they mixed up our two spice levels, as my meal was as mild as you could ever want. The flavors were good, but the most noticeable thing missing, aside from the lack of heat, was the lack of basil flavor that I love in Thai basil dishes. I essentially had a normal chicken vegetable stir fry that I could've made at home. Tastes were decent, but far from what we were hoping for.The service was great, though, and I'm a sucker for little dive-y places, but I don't see myself traveling to Dormont to eat there again. If I'm in the area, sure, but it's hardly worth going out of your way for.
3	So happy to have a Thai restaurant in the South Hills!  Since it's new, I'm hoping that things will smooth out and it will be my go-to for Thai food.  We ordered Pad Thai and Panang Curry, both with chicken and both at an 8 on the spice level.  The Pad Thai was not bad, with thin rice noodles perfectly prepared.  There could have been more chicken, but otherwise not bad.  The Panang Curry had the right coconut flavor, but it had pineapple in it, which was an unwelcome addition.  Neither dish came anywhere close to being spicy.  One was about a 2-3 and the other maybe a 5.  They were very busy on a Friday night but the guy at the register was very pleasant and seemed to be doing everything in the front of the restaurant while the other two staff just watched.  I will definitely go back and hope that they just keep improving.
4	Ahh a good Thai place kinda close to our house! I love that this place is small. The service is great and the food is wonderful. What do I recommend? Drunken Noodles. I haven't had Drunken Noodles like this in SUCHA long time. We only tried two dishes but we will def try different ones each time we go. They have soy "meat" which is kinda cool because it's a good alternative to tofu. Same owners as Thai Cuisine - which I also approve of. We will def be back.
4	Just checked this place out recently and had a great experience. We ordered the Spicy crispy noodles and the chicken pad thai. Both meals were really good w/ generous portions.
4	This would be my third visit to a Thai restaurant in the past 2 months. Pusadee's Garden and Smiling Banana Leaf being the other two. I guess, I can't say I don't like thai food anymore...This place is very small but somewhat cozy. So, if you plan on bringing a group, it's best to RSVP. Also, this place is BYOB!We ordered the Drunken Noodle and crispy Duck with spring rolls. They were all really good. Overall a great Thai restaurant. Would definitely go back again!!
5	After extensive scientific research, I declare Thai Spoon to have the best green curry in the city!
3	After moving from Bloomfield, and leaving behind my beloved Thai Cuisine, I finally found a place to get my fix. I went here with my bf and I have to say that it was pretty good.  The restaurant was busy, but we were seated right away.  It was a little hot due to lack of central air, but they had fans going, so that helped. There was only one server, but I was impressed on how he handled a busy restaurant.  My water glass was never empty.Whenever I try a new place I always order Pad Thai....if they have a good Pad Thai, then they're worth my next visit. LOL.  It was good.  I got a level 8 spicey and enjoyed it.  My bf got a currie & brown rice which was pretty good.  We split and order of spring rolls.  The food came out quick and was timed very well after our spring rolls.I enjoyed  Thai Spoon and I'm definitely going to hit it up again.
2	Thai Spoon, what can I say?  Definitely not as good as Nicky's in the North Side.  The crab rangoons were not good, no crab at all and a super sweet cream cheese in an over fried wrapper. I ordered green curry, I like a little spice, I ordered a 6, but could barelyTaste the heat.  The broth was watery and the vegetables were absent.  I did get a lot of bamboo shoots.  We also tried the pad Thai whichWas acceptable. Dinner for two including one appetizer, two entrees and water to drink was $29.00.  Interestingly they print a tip calculator on your bill!
4	After some initial weak impressions and thin watery soup and tiny pad thai lunch portions, they seem to've worked out the kinks.  I am happy to have this as my local/nearest Thai grub-spot.Parking can be tricky as it's on the very busy Dormont thorough-fare, Potomac Ave. (near the Potomac T-stop mind you...)Not quite at the level of Nicky's Thai Kitchen but definetly a serious contender for PGH Thai food spots.I need to try more entrees and side offerings.  I will be back here many times .
3	I finally got around to trying this place for lunch the other day, and it's pretty good. I had the green curry with chicken, which is my go to dish. The curry was tasty with a nice spice level and the veggies and chicken were fresh and thoughtfully prepared. There are better Thai restaurants in the Burgh, but, as this one is the closest to me, I'll be returning to try more of the menu. A welcome addition to Dormont.
4	Look, I'm going to stop you right there.  I'm not going to compare this Thai restaurant with my favorite Thai place ever (doesn't hold a candle). I'm not even going to compare it to the best Thai I've found in Pittsburgh (different leagues). I'm just going to say for a convenient local place, it is good. They consistently do a nice job with all my favorites... Pad See Ew tofu, Pad Thai, cashew tofu. Great peanut sauce with their fried tofu yet their yellow curry is just OK. I enjoy there veggie spring rolls (although the dipping sauce is a bit twangy. Friendly staff and my to-go orders are always there waiting as promised.  I wish I could drive over to Nicki's every time I got a hankering for Thai but it's just not an option. This is a very fine local alternative.
4	I got the three flavor chicken on my first time here. The taste was just wonderful.
4	This is great and this is horrible! This is great because the actual food is good. This is bad because it's RIGHT DOWN THE STREET FROM ME! What do I do?? How do I not go to get my Pad Thai fix every day?? These are the problems I deal with!!Hard life, right? So this place is tiny, but it's very clean and service is quick and efficient. For a lunch special you receive soup or salad and 11 different lunch sized main dishes for $7-$8. I had the Tom Yum Veggie soup. I'd never had it before, but it was decent. Probably not something I'd seek out though rather than my go to Wonton or Sweet n' Sour Soup. It was spicy with a good amount of veggies mixed in. I was bummed to hear there wasn't a choice between other soups that day though. That's okay, still a deal in my book!For the main dish I ordered the Pad Thai with shrimp. I know, same old, same old. But I like to first judge a Thai place by their Pad Thai. Seems logical enough! I really thought this was a stand up Pad Thai. Still doesn't beat Spice Island and their Tamarind sauce, but it was a good second choice. It wasn't dry with no sauce and it wasn't too saucy, just perfect. I also thought the shrimp was good. Couldn't really tell if it was frozen or fresh. But the good thing is, it didn't taste freezer burnt, like I have with other places (gross, I know!). The great and horrible thing... they do take out too!
2	Bad. I'm sorry, but it's just bad. The prices they charge for this lackluster food and inept service are completely laughable.It's not even that it's so inedible, it's just that there are much better places in Pittsburgh to eat Thai food and although this is the only Thai restaurant in the general Dormont area, if you're willing to be a little flexible then there is much better Asian food to be had around there. I can't really think of any good reason to come here.
4	I work near by and my coworkers and I share the same good taste in foods so we used to order from here a lot. I had everything in their lunch menu and everything is delicious, I can't tell you how happy it makes me that they have, not only tofu, but faux meat! We used to order a lot but one time I went to pick up our food they haven't even made it and ended up waiting so long that I was 1/2 hour late past my lunch break. My husband and I eat here when we're in the area and we both really like it. They ask how much heat you like (I'm a 5) and they really get it right. So, we may not be able to order out from here because of that one problematic instance but I will still eat here every chance I get.
4	YUM! We went here when we needed our Thai fix and were directed here as this was one of the better Thai places in Pitt. It was pretty delicious! Let me give you a tip: they are not afraid of spice. If you usually order hot and you ACTUALLY want it hot not, meh. hot but HOT then order it hot. However, if you want it less spicy I would go medium.We split a pad see ew (sp?) because we were having a big dinner later and it was delicious! The snap peas were fresh, the noodles weren't soggy, and the beef was yum. We also got a Thai iced tea which, as always, was delicious.Good little neighborhood Thai place!
4	Charming staff with very friendly service. The first time I went, the pad Thai was a little off. I rarely complain but the server noted I'd barely touched mine and soon the chef came out and offered to send me home with a new batch, which was unnecessary, but a great, nice touch!  We went back and I had a fish curry that was delectable. BYOB.
5	With the small selection of good Thai places in PGH, this is in the top 5 easily. Service sometimes is not top notch, but of the couple dozen times I've been there the poor server was only there once. Most of the time they are quick and serve delicious food. The curries are great, spicy steak (great for the price but it's not Morton's steak), all the noodle dishes (Pas Se Yew, drunken noodles, tasty  noodles), mixed veggies, summer rolls, tom yum soup w shrimp (get this every time), Larb salad (incredible), etc. Most of their menu is good food and definitely worth the taste.They'll be on vacation in a couple of weeks for a month so be sure to give them a try before they go!
5	When Thai Cuisine was remodeling in the city, this opened. Wow. Way closer to my parent's house and so yummy. I am a stickler for Pad Thai. This one was pretty good. I would've liked more peanuts and there was no fresh cut limes (just juice). But the thai tea was fabulous as was the black sticky rice for desert. Between June 15-June 16, 2013, they're on vacation so I hope you don't try to come then.
4	Tom Yum soup and Pad Thai. That's what I had on my first visit here. It's a small place in quaint downtown Dormont. It's only cooled by a portable air conditioner in the summer months, and it's not super-fancy inside, but the food is wonderful and the service is friendly and attentive. The Tom Yum was awesomely spiced, though a little more chicken would have been nice. Plenty of perfectly-done mushrooms, though.  The Pad Thai was full of sweet and spicy flavor. I can't wait to go back.
3	A nondescript store front in Dormont isn't particularly inviting but the search for more Thai restaurants continued with a trip to Thai Spoon. Inside, the restaurant doesn't provide much atmosphere but not many places can match either Nicky's location for a full Thai experience. But my tastebuds convinced me long ago that I'm not there for the atmosphere. I'm there for the spicy tastiness that is awesome Thai food! The place is small for sure but it's cozy enough that you need not worry about sitting in your neighbor's lap.The menu is pretty extensive and even had some novel dishes I hadn't seen before. We started with some appetizers and the corn fritters were delightful. Unfortunately our other choices were greasy and not especially appealing in appearance or taste. Stick with the spring rolls. No frying involved!The four of us shared each of our dishes so we had a chance to get a more representative sampling. My spicy calamari dish, ordered at a 9 spice level, was bland and a disappointment. The calamari was rubbery and didn't have enough other things on the plate to compensate. The lack of heat is always a bummer for me. My daughter's drunken noodles, at a 4 spice level, were far hotter than mine. While hers was ok, it wasn't great. Passable would be the most generous description I could give. One of the other dishes was a curry dish but the flavor was weak and the sauce was watery. I'm looking for more depth of flavor and with Thai spices you have the right to expect that! My wife's seafood dish was the best of the bunch and I'd order that next time. It was flavorful and I was glad she shared!The food was inconsistent and while I wouldn't drive all the way over to the South HIlls to eat here again, if I lived close, I'd give it a few more tries. But there are far better Thai options around.
4	On a recent visit to Pittsburgh, I was reminded that in general, the Thai food in the burgh is pretty freaking good!  Much better than what I've come across here in Denver.  I dined at Thai Spoon with a friend last week - it's her neighborhood Thai place.  This was Thai dinner #2 for the week - so instead of my normal curry, I opted for the drunken noodles.  I'm not lying when I say I ate EVERY LAST BITE.  They were so delicious.  Her green curry looked amazing as well.The service was fast and friendly, and the prices were reasonable for pretty large portions.  I guess it's both a good thing and a bad thing this place isn't in my neighborhood.
4	A lot of good choices tonight. We ordered the corn fritter appetizer. Fried just right with tons of corn kernels. The lemongrass sauce gave it a nice tangy flavor. Tom yum soup had so  many veggies there was little room for broth. I got the volcano ribs for my entree. It was billed as "extremely spicy". The ribs were braised and the meat practically fell off the bone. They were spicy but not overbearing. Our server told me that I was the only one who had ever finished the dish. The surprise of the night was Zoe who ordered curry duck. Lots of tender veggies and duck pieces in a mildly curried coconut milk sauce. Zoe described it as "dazzling."  She left all of the veggies, which I promptly ate.   Julie got her usual standby if pad Thai. A 5 spice level was to much for her. The peanut sauce was just right though, also with lots if fresh veggies. Thai Spoon has been consistently good. We'll be back.
4	Great noodle dishes. The green curry is wonderful as well. Space is small and there isn't an area to wait for a table.
4	We had been wanting to try this place since it opened and it didn't disappoint. Good Thai food, at least in our minds, is tough to find in the South Hills area, and with this place less than a mile from our house, we were hoping it was good.It was. The menu is large and the prices are very reasonable. We ordered Pad Thai and Red Curry Chicken. Both of which were delicious (though I wish my curry was a bit spicier). Our appetizers were the summer rolls and the peanut sauce was delicious. The inside is small, and they use a portable AC in the summer, so it can be a little noisy, but the service was great, food was fast and we enjoyed our meal.
4	A tiny place in Dormont with big flavors.  If you're looking for affordable and tasty Thai food, stop by Thai Spoon.  Mmm tofu pad Thai... I was excited when I saw this restaurant open up in my neighborhood.  Now I'm sad that I'm so far away... UGH Thai Spoon why couldn't you move with me!?!  The flavor, the HEAT - yes they ask from 1-10 how hot would you like it... To which I reply 8.  BYOB with a small corkage fee is always a plus.  I wouldn't recommend visiting with a large group, since the restaurant can't hold a lot of people.  If you're looking for a nice dinner for 2-4, this is a great stop.  Now I'm hungry...
3	Food is ok, not great.  I've had way better.
4	My favorite Thai is Nicky's and Smiling Banana Leaf....but I'm in the South Hills and sometimes I don't want to drive there for a quick dinner.  Enter Thai Spoon.  I've heard about it for quite some time but until recently haven't tried it.  Finally, I did and I'm glad.All of the items my family chose were extremely flavorful.  The Bangcock curry was excellent albeit a bit sweeter than other curries I've tried.  Still an excellent choice.Also had the Pad See Ew.  I think it was on par with the other places I mentioned above which is a good sign as this is my favorite Thai Dish.  I ordered it 5, but probably should have gone with a 6 just to kick up the heat to make it perfect.All in all, I really liked Thai Spoon and will make this my go-to Thai place, mainly out of convenience.  However, it won't make me abandon the 2 best Thai restaurants in the city all together.
4	Decent local Thai food. Friendly staff, decent spice level, and BYOB. No, it is not Nicky's. This place is still worth a shot though.
5	Soooo good! I had the green curry w/ white rice. The rice was fresh & steamy and the curry was delish! Also tried the crab rangoons which were good. Quick an friendly service is key a well.
5	Very good food, really nice server, i think his name was Derek.  I will be back for sure.
5	Some of the best Thai food I've ever had and not even expensive. Unfortunately, every time I'm around they always seem to be closed, which is disappointing. I highly recommend trying the edamame as an appetizer. Everything tasted fresh and well prepared.
5	Some of the best Thai food in Pittsburgh!!
5	This place is very small.  If your looking for authentic Thai food that tastes great this is the place.  Service was excellent too!!
5	Delicious food and one of the few thai places that can make curries without the fish sauce. BYOB is great. My only complaint is they can't make meals spicy enough. No matter how "Thai hot" you tell them to make it, they just don't. Otherwise, this is one of the top Thai places in Pittsburgh.
4	Last minute stop here on a Saturday night. Had the house noodles heat 4 . It was amazing! Melt in your mouth. Flavor and heat were spot on!  Everyone in my party had something different and we all enjoyed. Try the Thai iced tea, a little sweet but delish.
4	This place is excellent. I have had lots of experience with Thai food and this is one of the better places I have ever had. Spicy Basil with beef or drunken noodles are my go to meals. I haven't had anything else yet, because I cant steer away from these amazing dishes. I have been there 6 times in less than 2 months. Only downside of this place is that it is overpriced, but excellent enough that I keep going back. I would like to see them reduce their prices a little.
5	I love this place! I live in Dormont and I'm always willing to walk to a place where the food is good, staff are friendly and prices are reasonable! Love it!
