1	Brought in my brand new goodyear super z tire with a nail in the thread. 75.oo dollars later I thought it was fixed. Went flat again the next day, was told it was a three hour wait. Went to Discount, they fixed it for free after pointing out Big O had scraped the area down to a dangerous level and tire may need to be replaced. BIG O you got my 75.00 dollars, Hopefully anyone reading this will go to Discount Instead. You guys suck.
1	This particular Big O, is run by a number of scammers.  I took my car to get a transmission flush done.  They left my transmission overfilled by a quart.  I had to take it back and it was still overfilled when I left.  I bought a card from a solicitor from this company which included a number of free services.  I asked the seller if I would be able to provide my own oil (syn) and filter and all they would need to do is the labor.  The seller said that would be fine.  So I bought the card and a week later I go to store to get service done.  As soon as I mentioned that I had that 'discount' card, the guy behind the counter is like "well let's go outside and take a look at the car".  We go outside and he says that one of my tires needs to be changed.  He says that he doesn't even feel safe driving it into the shop (the tire had some cracks, but the tread was perfectly fine, no balding or uneven wear.  It was fine).  So I agree and we go inside and he gives me a quote.  He tells me that they only have on tire in stock and it's $128.  It's a Dodge stratus with standard tires and stock rims.  I ask him why it's so expensive and he says that it's because the speed rating is an S and that all the tires need to keep the same speed rating.  I did not realize it at the time but I bought two other tires for the car from this same Big O and they were $87.  So I decide that I'm going to take the car somewhere else to get the tire.  I took it to discount tire and got a tire for $88. Took it back to the Big O tire to get the service I had originally taken it in for (oil change and tire balance).  The same guy tells me that it's the company's policy that they must use their own oil and filter.  So I told them that's fine and I ask them to do the tire balance.  He tells me that even though I have a card for one FREE tire balance that they are still going to charge me $3 per weight used because they need to use aluminum weights since my rims are aluminum alloy.  The rims had lead weights on them already.  I've never even heard of aluminum weights being used to balance a tire.  So I figured at that point that the person was lying to me and just wanted to take my money and probably wouldn't have even done the service anyways.  I immediately took my dodge to the Big O on Rock Springs.  Huge difference in service.  I was greeted immediately when I arrived.  I told him that I wanted to do tire balance and that I had a card for a Free Tire balance.  They took the coupon, offered a few other services which I turned down and they proceeded to do the tire balance....  FOR FREE.  I called Corporate to notify them of the disparity of the two stores.  I don't think they cared much.  They asked what I wanted them to do and all I asked for was a refund for the card I bought, to which the agreed.  Frankly I don't trust any repair shop too much, but this repair shop I believe is short changing it's customers if not steeling.  I don't blame Big O as a corporation, but this one at Centennial is one to avoid.
1	I took my truck in to get a wheel bearing replaced. The first red flag was when I overheard a conversation the store manger was having with a customer. This went on for about 5 mins which included arguing and telling the customer he was wrong. I dropped the name of the GM who i knew here in Vegas hoping I would get taken care of. They told me that they would take $100 dollars off the quote and it would be complete by the end of the day. Surprise surprise I didn't get my truck back until 4 pm the following day. Also, surprisingly the total increased by exactly $100; the same amount I told would he taken off the bottom-line. This review isn't a bash on Big O Tires, but an experience I had at this one store. The alignment wasn't to my satisfaction but due to this experience I'll pay money to take it somewhere else before I step foot in that store again.
1	DO NOT GO HERE!! If I can give zero stars, I would. This place has the WORST customer service in the world!! The girl at the front desk, Rachel, was very short with me when I came in, she didn't even look at me, she made me feel like I was bothering her. I bought a tire (I'm assuming it's new, no one said anything) here after I saw my front passenger tire had to be replaced. Rachel asked which tire it was, took notes on what type of tire I needed, asked for my key, and told me it was a 30 min. to an hour wait. She didn't even look at my car/tire before she printed the paper that I needed to sign! To top it off, my front passenger tire has been leaking for two weeks and I had to come back to have them check it out. Crappy overall service!
5	I needed to change tires on two vehicles (8 total). I had an excellent experience. Jerry, the Manager on duty, was excellent. He matched and then beat everyone else's price (we had been getting quotes from all the local tire shops, even Costco). I would highly recommend them to anyone who needs tires. A+++
5	This specific location is trustworthy and honest!  I come here when I need air in my tires because they do it for FREE!!  The employees here are awesome with their customer service and no negative attitude.  They're very honest and doesn't make up any other problems when you just go and get an oil change.  I highly recommend THIS Big O Tires.
5	Those guys there rock good mechanics and awesome customer service the black guy in the back I don't know his name but he fixed my car right the 1st time after I went to 5 different places
1	this big o tires is very unprofesional i bought all 4 tires from big o tires 12 months later the passenger side tire started to crack  and i took it back they told me after prorate it would cost me $65.00 dollars i told them go ahead and they installed a brand new tire at the charge of $ 65.00 48 days later the driver side tire started to crack i went back to the big o tires on centennial and the manager of the store helped me and right away he told me i neede new shocks i told him the shocks were 6 months old and then he told me my car needed alignment all while we were standing in the parking lot then we went int the store and he prorated my tire and the cost he gave me was $96.00 dollars after a $15.00 credit and the cost of the tires when i frst bought the tires the cost of the tire was  only $71.00 dollars it  did not seem right i went back and forth whith this very unprofessional store manager asked him to be fair and give me a fair price he said he would not do anything for me so i decided to go get a second oppinion and i was abe to get the exact tire at matias wheels for $65.00 dollars installed and the alignment was fine beware of big o tires i believe the are out to rip off there customers at no expense
5	Everyone here amazingly awesome and helpful. Will definitely be a repeat customer and refer friends here. Thanks Cameron and Johnathon.
1	What a joke. I've had my oil changed for years at other big o locations and have always brought my own oil. Now they are making me buy it from them. Do not go here. Awful customer service.
4	Fast service and nice employees that don't really try to sell you anything compared to other shops I've been to in Vegas. Not sure what more I can say. I will likely be coming back to get simple services done here.
5	The only place we take our cars for an oil change. We have always found the mechanics to be quick, efficient and trustworthy. It's a little pricier than other places we could probably find but think the service is worth the price.
5	Ive been coming here for awhile. I see all the bad reviews and frankly I am amazed. Everytime I come in there professional and always reccomending quality services. The manager Cory Baxter is very helpful and friendly. They have always met there time frame. This Big O' reminds me of an old Pops Shop and thats saying something special about a corporate owned and ran service station. Thumbs up!!!
1	Kind of Bait-and-switch. On the phone I got the following offer: Buy 3 tires get 1 free.Actually it was: buy 3 tires get 1 free but you have to buy an additional tire warranty $80 and get alignment done, so it cost extra $170... not cool. I don't do business this way. I don't think I will ever do business with this company.
1	This place is terrible if I could give them a minus score I would do so. This is how I wasted 6 hours at this place and received terrible service. First I called the store and gave the representative the tire size I needed for my car. The rep assured me they had the tire size in stock and they could get it mounted on my car within 20 minutes of my arrival. I got to the store within a half hour and the rep informed the tire was not in stock and they would have to obtain it from another store. This should have been a real red flag that these folks were real shady. Anyhow I was told my car would be ready in two hours so I walked a crossed the street and had a leisurely lunch at Michiocan Restaurant. When I returned to the tire shop I glanced in the work bay and noticed the mechanic was installing the wrong tire on my car. I notified the rep and he checked with the mechanic and blamed the other tire shop for shipping the wrong tire. This was the second red flag warning about this place!  I was told it would be another hour to get the correct tires so I waited for them to do so. When the new tires arrived and were being installed the mechanic motioned for me to see him. The mechanic told me one of my wheels was cracked (where the weights had been attached). I told them if it was cracked they must have done it and told them to put my old tires back on the car and I got the hell out of that place as fast as I could!  The Manager Corey Becker told me he would "make it right" and offered a discount but I told him no way, Jose!
4	Even though I still have not purchased a new tire from these guys, the 2 times I have been in there they treated me like an extremely valued customer.  They've mounted & balanced some tires for me that I had purchased elsewhere (online) and they did about the best job of balancing I've ever had done in Las Vegas, and for a very reasonable price.  The only reason I knocked them down a star is because they have a fairly small selection of truck tires to pick from and don't seem to be that motivated to special order product in for you.  Based on my experience with these guys I would definitely recommend them as a place to check with if you need anything they offer.
1	The actual service guys at this location are far beyond lacking any customer service skills or attention to detail. After having to have a specialty tire overnighted from CA to this location they were unable to "locate" the delivery truck from 7:00am until 5:45pm (keep in mind this location closes at 6:00pm). After they were finally able to "locate" the truck and had the tire in hand, they were going to have it installed and ready to go by 6:30pm -- as they should have. After the first service tech, Ethan carelessly removed the rim from the mount scratching the crap out of it, he mounted the tire to the rim backwards, pulled the car out, and said I was good to go. After taking a look at the tire which very clearly says "inside" on the side of the tire that is to be mounted on the inside of the car, I brought it to a different tech, Mikey's attention who told Ethan about it to have it remounted. Ethan was in too much of a hurry to clock-out that he proceeded to change out of uniform, get in his truck, and leave for the day -- leaving me standing in the parking lot like an idiot with a tire mounted backwards. After Mikey brought the car around himself and removed the tire, while also trying to single-handily manage the desk, the tire was then given to a third tech, who was "too busy and would get around to it when he was done" by this time it's now 7:30pm, they've taken my money, and yet I still don't have a tire on my car.  After the 3rd tech was still unable to "get to it" Mikey took care of it and upon remounting the tire found that the tire is leaking due to a bent rim, which Ethan failed to notice or make mention of. A quick tire replacement which should have been done at 6:30pm ended up taking far too long and with absolutely no attempt at customer service recovery or compensation for the lack of attention to detail and absolute horrible treatment of customers, I have nothing but aggravation and added stress from this location. If at all possible avoid this location!!
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS STORE!! This store is extremely dishonest and criminal. If I could give them 0 stars I would.Over the last year I have taken my vehicle to them twice. Both times they tried to betray me. The first time (about a year ago), I complained to their district manager and he made an effort to make up for the dishonesty which I appreciated. Today I took my vehicle to them again. My front right tire had a very slow leak so I wanted to get it patched. About a 1/2 hour later an employee named Corey called me and told me the tire was too old and he couldn't repair it. He also told me that both of the front tires needed to be replaced. I told him not to do the work but I would be back to pick up my vehicle as well as a quote for the new tires. When I got to the store, Corey was gone and there was no quote. The person at the counter printed me a quote and I left. When I got home I heard a lot of air coming out of the tire that previously had a slow leak. A little while later I checked the tire and it was COMPLETELY FLAT!!This store is CRIMINAL. I will be filing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau as well as the City of Las Vegas.
4	Dragged my butt in early on a Saturday because the dreaded tire pressure light came on. Asked them to check it out. Of course I had a giant screw in one of the tires. They patched it at no charge and got me in and out in 45 minutes. Only complaint I have is that they did the patch without first telling me what the issue was. I would have preferred to buy a new tire instead. I know they were just trying to save me money, but I should have been in the loop. I have been here before and they seem to do a decent job. Customer service is not perfect but they have always been honest with me. And any woman who has been to auto places by herself knows this is not always the case. While my experience today was not perfect, I believe they were trying to do their best. I only recommend in the future they keep the customer informed before starting to do the work.
