4	Bought my ferret from there a year & a half ago.A sweet lady name Shanna helped me with info & questions regardless the fact they were closing already...I appreciated the fact that she confirmed with me if I'm sure about what I'm getting into (since ferrets can be crazy!) & asked me if I'm ready & know how to treat them since it's my first ferret. (bringing into California - Which is against the law but F it!). She did not know that, lol.So we stayed about 30 min pass the closing time & bought for $250.After a discount of $50!!The manager was kinda pissy & so the cashier. (probably since they had to wait all of that time...)They made us buy a $130 cage together with the ferret, saying that that's the law in NV, you can not buy a ferret without a cage. If this is true than it's the dumbest law I ever heard of. If it's not, then, they are going to hell! LOL. But I don't think they will lie.Other than that store looks fine. Nothing outta the ordinary.So Shanna, if you read this, the ferret is in great hands! She is sweet, loving & kissing all the time. And she's in Ohio now so it all worked out! All the best!Hope it was helpful,Yalla Bye!
4	To some people, dogs are like children. I am one of those people. My two dogs mean the world to me and I do whatever I can to make sure they are happy and healthy.Sadly, my younger dog Cordova has really bad allergies, so bad that she would get rashes all over her body when she was younger. A vet back in Arizona recommended we get her on a diet without any yeast or grains of any kind... She specifically recommended Dick Van Patten's Natural Balance food. And I am so thankful she did, changing up Cordova's diet did wonders for her allergies!Petco is the only place in Las Vegas that carries DVP's Natural Balance dog food, so it's the only place I go for dog food. The last time I went in the DVP's Natural Balance representative was in, she shows us the latest in allergy formula dog bones and hooked us up with multiple coupons to use. I love when I get to use a coupon to buy something I need!If you shop at Petco make sure you join P.A.L.S., the frequent shopper program. After you buy 12 bags of food they send you a coupon for a free bag!
4	Went here about a week ago, had a hard time finding the right food for my brother's min pin and the staff there were EXTREMELY knowledgeable and helpful.  Petco..where the pets go, Petsmart where the pets...fart?? lol
3	They have really cleaned up this Petco store! It looks like they have completely rearranged the store's lay out and it flows so much better! It's still not as nice as the Petsmart down the street but it's a huge improvement over what this store used to be!
1	The staff is friendly the manager is very nice ... BUT DO NOT GROOM your dog here . The girl cut both my dogs very bad . She cut my maltese skin . and part of my yorkies ear OFF . He had to go to emergency vet & is still not healed . It makes me sick and so sad for my hurt doggies . My poor yorkie has to still wear a cone and is not his playful self.
1	I will not return to this Petco store, again.The manager is rude.The sales clerk that helped me was also rude.I had gone in to utilize my Petco Pals (rewards) coupons. Those are earned after spending money in Petco establishments. The sales clerk who helped me griped to her manager that she had "about a million" coupons to scan and she needed her to open the other register. I HAD earned 14 ($5) coupons...so she did have to scan several coupons - but she should not have sighed and carried on so dramatically when it was I that had *earned* those coupons through shopping in the store and by being a loyal Petco customer.I had selected each of my items in the store--without help...no one asked if I needed help and when I went to ask where a particular item was located within their store - the sales clerk waved toward the back of the store and said that I would find the item "somewhere back there."-- and I finally located the last item and brought all of my items to the cash register.After the items were totaled - I was old that I owed the store money. I looked at the cashier, in surprise, and indicated the store coupons that I had turned in. The coupons state that I was to receive $5 (times 14) in Petco Pals Rewards for my selections in the amount of Pet Pal Rewards coupons that I was turning in. (So $70 worth of product.) My total was below $70 - but I was told that I had to pay nearly $5. The clerk could not explain to me why that was. I asked if she could ask her manager to override the system since (to me) it seemed obvious that a mistake had been made.The manager looked at the transaction and imperiously informed me that I had to pay the tax on the items asking "Why would Petco pay for your tax?" I answered "Because this is part of your Petco Pals Rewards and the written conditions on the base of the coupon regarding the terms of use which governs the use of the coupon doesn't state that the consumer is responsible for taxes - the terms state that I may turn in the coupons for an amount under, or over the purchase price - and that each coupon amount is worth $5. I told her that the amount that I owed was UNDER the $70 mark (thus meeting the terms of the coupons) but (I told her) that I recognized that I would not be given change. She (again) snapped at me telling me that I had to pay her cash. I told her that I had not brought any cash with me and she looked at me, skeptically, before snidely responding "That was stupid. Why wouldn't you bring cash?" And I responded with "Why would I bring cash when I have $70 worth of Pet Pal Rewards coupons and only $68 worth of items that I am purchasing?"She shrugged her shoulders and told me that I needed to pay her money.I told her that she needed to void the transaction and that I would not shop in her store, again.The clerk had locked each of my coupons into her drawer. I had to ask her for them back. I was not about to leave without receiving back the $70 in rewards coupons that I had EARNED by shopping in their stores. I was given back the coupons and the manager rudely informed me that she was doing me a personal favor by making sure that the coupons were being issued back to my account. I told her that she wasn't doing me a favor - I wasn't purchasing anything from her store so I was due to have each of those coupons issued back to me.The terms of the coupons do not state that customers are responsible for taxes. With any other rewards card program - customers do not need to PAY in order to use the rewards they have earned. In addition to this (and in addition to dealing with an exceptionally rude manager) the clerk was also rude and acted as if my having earned the coupons was an inconvenience to her, personally. I will say, again, that the manager was unforgivably, over-the-top rude.I have filed a complaint against this store with the BBB.I contacted Petco's customer service number and complained about my experiences in this store, as well.I have had 2 experiences with this store. The first was mediocre (I have not included information about that visit, specifically - though I will say that, again, on that visit we received NO help) and the second visit was simply deplorable as well as being an utter waste of time and effort.I will not be back.I cannot stand this store...nor can I abide any employee that works in this store.Utterly despicable.One would hope that they are better to the animals.They are certainly lousy as far as working with humans.
1	These people have no idea what to sell you. They just point to the startup boxes when I could have saved money buying better items separately. No knowledge on reptile health. Also sold me a turtle with one eye. Really?
5	My boyfriend and I adopted our corgi/rat terrier mix from a rescue in February. Milo couldn't follow any commands, peed on everything, door dashed, and peed when excited. We got quoted at $800 to train milo through "sit means sit." Which is insane. So we decided to try Petco training. Luckily we got paired up with trainer Jesssica. She is beyond amazing. At $120 for six 1-hr sessions... She's moved mountains with milo. He can do a dozen tricks and is an overall more well behaved at home. Its fun for me and me boyfriend too to spend time together with our pup. Seriously... Sign up for training. She will change your dog for the better. I will recommend Jessica to anyone!
4	We just went in for a cat litter box. But, the store was very clean and well stocked. The lady at the register was very nice as well and helped us get the PETCO card to get extra savings sometimes.
5	I take my little man here all the time to get shaved they do everything his belly and tail and they are very personable and professional :)
3	Everything in here is over price. I was looking for pee pads for our dog package of 20 was 30 . Walked out went to Ross had them for 10 dollars for 20. Then I was going to buy a pillow for him but that was over price it was 25 dollars Ross had it for 12 dollars .
2	Their sale price on dog food is Petsmart's regular price. Paid an extra $2 on a 4lb bag of food to not have to drive the block to Petsmart. Won't make that mistake again
3	I took my dog to get groomed here today and I was less than impressed with the results. He had a glob of conditioner on his hair still and he didn't smell very good either. The reason I am giving them three stars is because they are reasonable priced (we paid $30) for a cleaning of his teeth, ears and body and a trim of his nails and a brush out. I also really like the staff and how sweet they are with my dog. The other thing I did like was they gave me a report of what they did and how he behaved while he was with them. It is New Year's Eve so they might have been rushed to get home but I think in the future if I'm unhappy I will say something and give them a chance to make it better.
5	We are here for positive training classes. We have made huge improvement on socialization. We are making good progress on our goals. Trainers are fun and caring.We wish they would carry our Dog Food.
1	Terrible service. I always end up going to the blue diamond location because no one helps me in the fish department. Most of the fish were dying on Tuesday, May 13. The fish were all sinking to the bottom. I try to only buy plants from this location and I can't even get that from this place. I live down the street from this location but refuse to come back. I waited almost 30 mins with no manager or service to come by.
1	Horrible place. Went in there today with my nephew because he loves seeing the cats. I came across a Savannah monitor! Wth. No. 1. that cage was WAAAAAY too small for the savannah. 2. There was not enough soil/sand for it to be active! 3. The temperature required for a monitor was way off. And it did not have a basking area. It was so sad to see that little baby suffer. I do not recommend going to that Petco at all. Everything is also way too pricey. Poor animals. Clearly they don't know anything about reptiles. (I'm a reptile lover.) they should just stick to their furry and water friends. Disgusting place. Going again tomorrow to file a compliant.
5	A great selection and a great staff. I recommend for all of your pet needs. Not a pet owner you say? Well, they have great adoption opportunities and gift cards for your friends that are pet owners. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I love Alicia !!!!!! She is the best stylist from the grooming department ! I highly recommend her ! She is very sweet and caring. I love bringing my baby there , knowing he's well looked after ! And he always looks fabulous ! What an artist ! Love you dahlin !!!!!
3	The fish department was good someone always there to help and didn't wait to long but they need to train "Tyler" the cashier on good customer service :)
