5	Loved my class!  My fiancee and I had Vince as a trainer.  The class was very difficult.  There were times I didn't think I would make it, but then I just kept channeling my inner Wonder Woman and got through it.  It was invigorating, inspiring and non-intimidating. The class was very diverse.  The trainer had high, positive energy and was very motivating.  After I come back from my trip, I'm signing up.  Our complimentary class surprised me.  This is the class you want for that bikini body, no doubt!
4	This review will be subject to an update as soon as I find time to go to Round 1 Boxing regularly.  I enjoyed my first boxing class... the trainers are friendly and willing to explain terms thoroughly (I went in not knowing the difference between an upper-cut and a hook).  I went at my own pace and didn't feel like I was being laughed at or judged.  All of the other attendees were happy to be there.  I hope to go back next week!
5	Started my 8 y.o about 3 months ago (about 4 days a week) and have seen great improvement in his physical condition and in his knowledge. When he first started he had a problem and I spoke to the manager and coaches. The staff listened to what I  had to say and promptly took care of my concerns. The staff is professional and works well with children. The facility is modern and clean, the staff is knowledgeable , helpful and have great motivational attitudes. The other members (adults) are welcoming and supportive. It can be a challenge to share a gym with kids but it does not seem to cause any disruptions here. The gym has its act together. Happy to have found this gym would recommend it to others.
1	Beware! This place has rumours that it will be closing its doors very soon. No suprise really seeing as its run so badly. Its small and the equiptment sucks.
5	I happen to just got out of Round 1 Boxing and I have to say how much I wish I lived closer to this gym.  The trainers are super awesome and will give you a work out for sure.  I am currently taking personal training sessions with Derrick and he is fantastic.  I have never been pushed so hard during a workout.  Derrick is very motivating and kept pushing me to give more.  He always say that your body give up before your mind..so when your body wants to quit, you need to tell yourself that you can do more.  On top of that, customer service has always been great.  Everyone is helpful.  When I was there today, the cleaning lady was mopping and cleaning every inch of the gym and equipment.   Was a great sight to see.  There were many equipments (treadmill, bicycle, elliptical, and much more) that looks new to me.  There is a boxing ring, an area covered with mats for some grappling and mma action, and an area with many heavy bags.  The gym is quite spacious.I would definitely recommend this gym to family and friends.
2	I went to go check this place out for myself since it got reasonable reviews on Yelp, but was totally confused when I arrived at the building's address. The sign was up, but everything was dark inside and the place looked empty inside. Has this place closed? Also tried to look up the place's website and it also looks like it was shut down so I guess this place closed or moved to another location?
