5	I found my new waxing place! Clean (which is important!) friendly staff! 100% satisfied with my braziallian. I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Krys, my waxing lady was awesome!
5	Home of the $30 Brazilian, can't beat that. Prices are great on all the services. With my Brazilian I also got a choice of free lip or chin wax, which is always needed ;) Alana was my waxer and I'm definitely coming back to see her again. Loved the girls, everyone is so friendly
5	Went there to take care of the annoying hair on my back. Place was clean, service was quick and efficient, the person who took care of me was pleasant and skilled, Nobody was pushy and I felt very welcome and relaxed the whole time. This is a great little place. I'll be back!
5	I just came to the body waxing studio because I saw their ad on groupon for a $17 Brazilian which is a price you can't beat at all!!! Rose(the owner) is extremely nice. This was my first time ever waxing down there and I was very anxious/nervous. My waxer Kris made me feel so comfortable & relaxed. Half the time I forgot she was even near my private area. She truly made my first time wonderful! I will now recommend this place to my friends. I will most defiantly be back!
5	Great deal made me feel real comfortable and I will definitely be coming back here again and again.
5	What a great find this place is! I used to get my eyebrows waxed religiously until my esthetician moved. I didn't want to go to some expensive, snobby spa, but didn't trust the back room of my nail place either. Manicures are one thing, but hot wax on my face is another! I happened to stop in a nearby business yesterday and noticed this little gem, so I went in today to try it out and I'm so glad I did! Kris did a fantastic job on my brows. She was very nice and funny, and you can tell she really cares about doing a thorough job. She plucked and trimmed along with using the wax to make sure my brows were shaped perfectly. The price is more than reasonable too! I'll definitely be back!
5	Went there today for a Brazillian... my lady was krys definitely made an impression very gentle and meticulous .. will definitely come back
5	Hands down BEST Brazilian I've had since living in Las Vegas! Definitely my new favorite waxing place to go- thanks again!(:
5	First time ever getting waxed, the employee was not only amazingly helpful but also extremely fun. Definitely helped out with mine and my friends experience, the pricing is great too, the original cost for the brazilian was 30 dollars but since it was our first time it only cost 20! AWESOME service!
5	I have been wanting to get a brazilian for a while now but so nervous of the pain. Well it wasn't the worst feeling I've ever had and the fact that they offer free yes free numbing cream made it an ez decision! Krys was great like everyone else said she made me feel comfortable and explained the whole process and after the initial minute u forget that your naked from the waist down lol. I will be back in 4-5 weeks.  Definitely be telling all my friends!
5	Never have I been so comfortable getting a Brazilian wax. For a great price too! I would recommend to EVERYONE.
5	This place is amazing. I got my first Brazilian here by Krys. And all I could say is that she is so welcoming and makes your feel comfortable. Brazilians can be very awkward and scary but Krys made my first time amazing. Although I had to come back a week later for a touch up because there were left patches. But she fixed them! I can't wait to go back for my next one!
5	FINALLY found a place to be waxed!  Been in Vegas 9 months and have been shopping around trying to find a place I'd be comfortable at. Not a lot of waxing places use hard wax. SO little pain. Thankful for you YELPERS and your reviews. I may not have found this little gem without it!  Sam was great and I'll be back to see her soon!
5	So a girlfriend of mine from Florida came to visit and was complaining about for "Hello Kitty" being furrier than she normal likes it. She asked if I knew of a good place to go for a Brazilian. I had no clue bc I just moved from Connecticut couple months back. I always rely on Yelp for many things nowadays so I Yelped and called the first place on the list.. And EUREKA!!!.... We hit the jackpot. :D $20 Brazilian for first time clients!!! Amazing deal and when we got there, we were greeted promptly, had to wait a little bc we didn't make an appt ahead of time. In the meantime, we were told about all the great packages and savings, filled out a health form type deal(BTW totally impressed with that. Health and cleanliness is so important in this business). Oh and about the wait it was also only bc it was Memorial Day. Samantha did an amazing job with the waxing. She was thorough, friendly, professional, made it as painless as possible(THANK YOU Samantha for holding down on the wax spot after... It does make a HUGE difference!!!). After I was done I had a nice long talk with Rose(owner) about her business and passion for this line of work. It is truly so nice to see people that have such great joy in what they do. It really does show through their work and enhances the customer's experience tremendously. If you want a great deal, unbeatable prices and to find a "wax home" for your little kitty too. THIS IS THE PLACE.Btw my friend couldn't stop raving about the quality of work.  Here I am yapping about my kitty and forgot to tell you about my friend's.She loves this place just as much as me.  :)
5	Thanks to my fellow yelpers I found my new waxing home! Went in today and got the works brazilian, eyebrow, lip wax and a microderm mini facial all for $45 ! Krys did an amazing job she was very meticulous and took her time ! All in all I'd give this place 10 stars the other 5 for cleanliness! Thank you Krys you made my day see you soon!
5	I have to come back here again. I've gone to this place for a Brazilian wax twice already. But then, I missed my third appointment because I was going out of town for a few weeks. I came back and tried another place for a Brazilian. BIG MISTAKE.The other place doesn't do the quality wax like they do here at The Body Waxing studio. They also weren't as welcoming, and gave me such a hard time before I was able to get an appointment. It took me at least two days and so many phone calls before we came to a good appointment date. I can't immediately go back to The Body Waxing Studio now too, because my wax over at the other place was such a bad job. My pores were irritated, and just badly waxed.I can't wait to go back to The Body Waxing Studio and I know Krys will do a good Brazilian wax. Never going to try any other place again. This place is tried and tested, and gives me better results.
5	I had a horrible experience for my first Brazilian at ANOTHER location. I read the reviews here and decided to try it out. I am now a customer, I will not go anywhere else. Spread the word so we can keep them in business!
5	I went with my girlfriend who was getting a microdermabrasion.  While I was there I decided to have my first waxing done on my back.  They were very nice which put me at ease.  It was very simple and was easier than I thought.  I will be going back to have more waxing done and the prices are very reasonable .  Kudos to the crew that works there .
5	LOVE LOVE IT!!! This place is just AMAZING.. My FIRST Brazilian wax was great, Krys made me feel so comfortable. The pain wasn't bad as i thought it would be and the quality of the wax is amazing. I will def continue to come here! I also bought my Simple Sugars Body Scrub to keep my skin soft and young =) They also have great deals. $20 for my first Brazilian Wax.... Cant't beat that!!! Thank You Rose and Krys
5	I had been dreading the idea of getting a Brazilian for the mere fact that I don't do well with pain, but I somehow manned up for my trip and decided to get one. Coming here was the best decision I've ever made. So painless and amazing. One week later and I'm still smooth as I was day 1. I will definitely keep coming back and have already had a couple of my gals go in as well.
5	Just moved to Vegas and was in search of a good waxing salon and I've found it! The people are awesome (especially Shondra, who did my brazillian) and the owner. Super friendly and professional. Didn't need an appointment and got me right in. Excellent price and service. Will definitely be back!Thank you :)
5	Just had a Brazilian wax done. This studio is great, quick easy and ridiculously inexpensive. $20 for your first Brazilian and $30 after that! Such a great deal. Nice studio, clean and the staff are all very helpful and friendly. I'll definitely be a regular!
5	It's an amazing place! it's my first time to do body waxing. Krys is so professional, efficient, and patient. She answers all my questions and explains everything I am concerned about.  Definitely come back every month!!!!! Thank you so much!
5	The customer service and professionalism of The body waxing studio is great! I heard about them through yelp and decided to give them I try. Ashley was great handling my first Brazilian and it was not uncomfortable or weird in any way. She also did her best to keep the pain at a minimum. The amazing service they provide is what made me give a 5 star rating. As far as the actual results of the wax, I'm not very impressed. It was my first wax ever so I understand that there will be patches left over but not one part of me is smooth. I have a few sections that are visible patches and the rest is stubble. It feels like it would about 5 days after I shave. Not smooth you can feel fuzz everywhere. That is definitely not what I expected. There is no possible way I could keep this for 4-6 weeks! I'm ready to shave right now! I'm not sure if this is normal but if so I don't think I'll ever get it done again. Regardless the staff is wonderful and I'll definitely return to get my eyebrows done.
5	The five star rating is completely accurate. They are very professional, and the customer service here is excellent. The whole staff makes you feel very welcome and appreciated. I came to get my eyebrows done, and I am very particular about how they look. Chandra was very understanding when I showed her pictures of how they should look, and made sure to take her time and did a great job. I will definitely be back here every time I need waxed in the future.
5	The ladies at the Waxing Studio are super nice! They did a great job and I would recommend their services. They are quick, clean, and professional!
5	So glad I ran into the owner at LVAC. The ladies that started this waxing studio is incredibly sweet. They offer one of the best customer services. I've been here about 5-6 times and I'll keep coming back to get Brazilian waxed! It is decently priced at $30, however your first one is $20. I've been to Pretty Kitty and their service isn't as professional or content as this place. Sometimes they have package deals so take a look out for those. Ever since I started coming here I always went to Kris. I'm sure the other ladies are great as well, but I cannot say one thing negative about this waxing studio and the ladies. Kris is so knowledgeable at what she does and she makes you feel as comfortable as possible!
5	So glad I found this place! They are all super nice and did an amazing job! Defiantly will recommend to anyone looking for a great place! Professional and super caring! I will defiantly be coming back! You can't beat their amazing prices either!
1	Scheduled an appointment here today based on yelp. Appointment setter was pleasant on phone. Appt was for 12:30, arrived early because I do for all appts, As I value & don't waste other peoples time. Waiting goes into 15 minutes, than now almost 20 minutes & when I thought I heard wax person come for her (my) next appt, she instead comes out to show photos on her cell phone to a client. By this time, she is 20 minutes late for a SCHEDULED appt & obviously no respect or care for being on-time for appts. I canceled & left. That was rude & unprofessional, I would not recommend anyone here with that type of unprofessionalism.
5	I came here for the first time and I am so sad that they are not in la. I called to make an appointment 2 days prior and the lady was very pleasant. During the waxing process, Krys was very professional, knowledgeable, and friendly; I felt right at home. She never double dipped, she used hard wax (which I love), and she finished off with some tweezing. She even gave me awesome tips about waxing and getting an exfoliating glove versus a loofah and I am so grateful because I am in love with the glove! All in all, my hoo-ha looks and feels like a baby's butt- this was the best waxing experience I have ever had and I will be coming back whenever possible! Thank you, Body Waxing Studio!$20 first time clients, $30 after. Love it!
5	Still the BEST, affordable place to get waxed. Worth every penny... Each of the ladies are amazing at their job. I usually go to Kris and I have no complaints at all. She's very meticulous and will make everything extra clean!
5	I took my husband here to get his nose waxed. I told Rose on the phone that his nose hairs were attaching to his mustache; which gave her a chuckle. I asked if they accept walkins and she said yes. I told her we would be in the area in about 5 min and she was fine with that. We arrived and Rose was there to greet us. She said that Chris (sp) would be taking care of him.  She (Chris) was friendly and did a great job. She didn't leave wax in his nose like the European wax center did last time and removed much more of his hair. He can breathe again and all is good. We'll be going back again soon!  :)
5	Very clean and professional.  Staff is friendly and makes you feel comfortable.  Prices are good and the waxing service is great. I will return.
5	This place is fabulous! Edna is super sweet and does a fantastic job. I'd never had the blue wax before, but it was so much better than the hot wax I'm used to. And you can't beat the price. I already have my next appointment booked. That's all it took. . .one visit and I'm a regular!
5	Ive heard of this place through a yelp review written by a friend. I actually came here for the facials. Rose is great! She's done wonderfully with keeping up with my skin care and gives me helpful tips. I have acne issues that with her help and skilled knowledge have since drastically decreased!  I recommend their peels as well as the dermabrasion. Next time I'll shoot for the wax as I'm sure she's just as professional just by her manner from previous visits!
3	I came in today(or at least tried) at around 4:20 & it was closed. According to yelp & their door they are open until 5pm on Sunday's. It was very upsetting to make the trip there only to waste my time. The only reason I didn't give it a lower rating is because I don't want it to affect the overall rating of this place considering there are such great reviews on the quality of there work (reason I chose to come here). But honestly very upsetting considering I was really looking forward to it & was finally able to fit it into my schedule.
5	My experience here was great! It was my first time getting a Brazilian & I was very nervous, but Edna did a great job at making sure I was comfortable. I did not have an appt but thankfully they were able to fit me in. (If you plan on coming in they do recommend that you make an appt.) Overall I'm very happy with the results & will definitely be coming back :)
5	This place is awesome. I wish this place was in L.A.!
