5	I was very impressed with this moving company.  They showed up on-time and ready to work. The Movers themselves were very professional, but at the same time very personable. I was comfortable having them in my home and handling my personal objects.  I highly recommend this company if your looking for punctual, professional movers.
5	A great moving company and one I would recommend to everyone. Creative Moving and Packing was so helpful and had great communication. They were efficient, personable and were all full time employees that obviously knew each other well as they worked so well as a team. A moving company I would always recommend.
5	I used Creative Moving and Packing to move from my apartment to my new home. They were awesome! So when my job got office furniture donated to us (we're a nonprofit) we used Creative again. They had to pick up office furniture from one location and move it to our storage facility until we move to our new space.They did such an amazing job.  I got kudos from my boss for recommending such a great company! The movers were SO professional, and the customer service was awesome. If you're in need of a moving company, I HIGHLY recommend Creative Moving & Packing.
5	Used Creative moving about a month ago. What a great, family-run business. The guys were on time, courteous, and professional. They don't drag their feet - their goal is to get the job done right and as efficiently as possible. As a matter of fact, they came in UNDER the estimate! Not one broken item in the whole move. They carefully wrapped and padded our furniture, and took great care to avoid dinging walls, etc.Would use Creative again in a heartbeat, and will be recommending them to everyone we know. Could not be more pleased after you hear so many negative things about other movers.
5	If I could give 10 stars to Conrad, Robert and the team, they earned them! These guys were the greatest! I moved from Scottsdale to South Florida - a difficult move alone with two puppies. Conrad was creative and flexible, solved every challenge; he called me along the drive out, and every step of the way to my arrival. Robert was my "Guardian Angel" on the trip; He made it Fun! (well, as much fun as you can have moving). I so appreciate all the hard work, the integrity and genuine care that they took to get me to my new home. All the "stuff" made the trip in great sted!   Robert and Conrad are the best !!
5	I moved from a condo to a house 6 streets away but wanted to use movers to move the heavy furniture. I found the glowing reviews on Yelp and decided to give them a try.I called to schedule my move in date 5 days before my move and they were able to accomodate. The representative on the phone was very nice and knowledgable, explaining everything about the process and an estimated cost based on the size of my condo and number of furniture.They called a couple days before the move to affirm the date and time, and then the movers called an hour before the scheduled time to let me know their arrival time. The movers were all very professional, very nice, and very attentive. Any items they weren't unsure about where to place it, they asked before moving it in. They also moved a couple pieces of furniture around since I wasn't completely sure where I wanted everything to go.Finally, I decided that morning that I wanted to switch out the washer and dryer between the condo and the house. Without hesitation, they said they'd be happy to do that, so they swapped them out and hooked them up in the two places without any complaints.Given that I was only having them move my furniture and I moved all my "stuff" myself, I did think it took them quite a while to move everything, but that's because they wrapped all pieces of furniture in plastic wrap before loading them on the truck and were very careful with all my furntiure. I had an antique large bookcase that they successfuly moved without any wear or tear.If you're looking for a cheap and quick place to move your stuff, this is not the company for you. But if you have good quality furniture that needs gentle care in moving between two locations, I would definitely recommend them.
5	My husband and I used Creative Moving & Packing back on April 29th to move from our townhome to our new house and had a great experience! Our team of movers, Jesse, Willy, & Rene, were great! The were fast, efficient, and very nice. They were careful with our possessions and even though we don't own any antique furniture, they still treated our stuff as if it was. We would definitely recommend Creative to any of our friends or family & use them again if we ever move again!
5	I used Creative Moving and Packing when moving from AZ to VA.  The movers were personable, yet professional. I thought it was nice of them to call to confirm, along with when they were on their way, which in my eyes was good customer service.  Although I was only moving furniture from a one bedroom apartment, they packed and loaded my belongings in a timely manner.  They took the stress out of moving in that they gave me the comfort in really knowing what they were doing.  I was impressed with their process and in no time, all my belongings were packed and ready to go.  It was a weight off my shoulders because staring at stacked boxes and furniture randomly placed along my apartment for weeks was driving me crazy.  I knew once the movers packed everything up, I knew I was one step closer to my new home. Without a doubt I would recommend Creative Moving and Packing to anyone.
5	We are a family of six and moving from a 3200 sq. ft. home is no easy feat.. After interviewing several other moving companies, choosing Creative Moving and Packing was an easy decision. Conrad was professional, knowledgable, and flexible - our closing date changed 3 times and Conrad said, "no problem, we'll make it work".  The employees that packed us up and moved us were friendly and courteous; they helped make one of the most stressful events in life (moving) into a smooth transition for me and my family. I highly recommend this company for any type of move.
5	Best movers I ever worked with.  There is nothing I dread more than moving, but these guys actually made both of my moves (one an office, and one an apartment) easy.The owner is as professional as they come, the movers are courteous and good-natured, and both moves were stress-free.
5	I used these guys 3 times so far...the first time I used them it was a hot summer day in August and I remember the owner had a sprained arm wrapped up in a sling. He was out there assisting his team moving furniture with one arm.  Creative moving defiantly exceeded my expectations.
5	These guys are awesome! They had to move me twice in one month which was a feat, considering my hoarding tendencies. They packed and moved it all quickly and with smiles on their faces. They are super friendly and professional, plus their prices are great. They didn't even complain about the plethora of dog and cat hair that starting whirling around the house once they moved my furniture. I would recommend them to anyone! In fact, I will be moving again in a few weeks (hopefully for the last time) and I would love for them to come out here to California and do it!
5	These are exactly the peeps you want when the moving nightmare begins. A one stop shop to get your stuff packed and out the door. Either into storage or to your next destination. Perhaps even at a later time. These guys are fast, early in, early out. Reliable, friendly, helpful, nothing but awesome. They have all the tools and stuff you need to get the job done. Dollies, tape, cutters, boxes, you name it. Do yourself a favor and stop doing it all by yourself. Let this excellent team save you a ton of time and grey hair. They are worth every dime.
5	Just used them to move from Ahwatukee to Central Phoenix and these guys were outstanding! I've moved 5 times in the Phoenix area and each move has had problems. One time the movers didn't bring enough wardrobes. I didn't have any problems with Creative. Jesse and Eric were terrific! They were very fast and professional. I had to store my stuff for a week because my new place wasn't ready and Conrad (the owner) quoted me a fair price. They are the best and deserve all the great reviews. I have no complaints about this moving company and highly recommend them. One thing I appreciated was fact Conrad always answered my emails and was in constant contact with me about the move. It relieves a lot of stress when you have a professional mover. I called a lot of movers but based my decision on Yelp. I always use Yelp to find local businesses.
5	Thanks Conrad!!  Your team did an excellent job in helping us move from Chandler to Maricopa in December of 2011.  They were hard working, fast, friendly and honest individuals.  I was amazed at how fast they work.  Thank you for getting us the second truck so fast!   I knew I had a lot of stuff!  :-)  Your prices were awesome!
5	I was recently call by Conrad from Creative Moving and he was looking for a highly rated moving company to help him with a 53 foot semi trailer of his to unload. From start he was very professional. He said he was very careful who he was choosing to help. He had a game plan. He wanted to make sure that Id have four movers and that we would be there at seven o'clock in the morning. When I showed up at a quarter till him and his other driver Jesse all ready started getting things ready they had the doors open ramp out and they were already laying down the floor runners to protect the floor and door jam protectors. Every thing was shrink wrapped and blanketed  the boxes were all clearly marked  the load was packed beautifully! They knew where everything was going and we unloaded the trailer in about four hours and we even put all there stuff back together. Ive worked with lots of moving companies and Ive never seen a cleaner more professional company then Creative Moving. Conrad is making the moving business better. I look forward doing business with you again soon.
5	We hired this company recently to unload a Broadway Express trailer on a very hot Sunday afternoon in July.  Thankfully, Conrad was happy to provide a crew for our move despite it being on a Sunday and despite us not knowing an exact start time.  Both Conrad and Jessie were great on the phone and were so kind and flexible with our situation.  When our crew arrived, we were thankful for their hard work and their desire to make sure we were satisfied.  Rene did a wonderful job and we really appreciated the hard work of the crew.  If you are looking for a reliable moving crew in the Phoenix area, you really can't go wrong with Creative Moving and Packing!
4	Update: I'm amending my review because it seems that Conrad tried to reach me but there was a technical error and I never received his emails. Still would've liked a follow-up call so I'm giving 4 stars. Conrad really does seem to care about his customers. I'm just sad I didn't get to do business with him and his company because he seems like such a nice guy. I'm sorry to write a poor review of this company because when I met Conrad, the owner of the company when he came by to estimate how much my move would cost, he was so personable and nice. We chatted for awhile before he said he'd be contacting me with quotes. I had pretty much decided I'd go with this company after speaking with him but I never received an email, call or anything! I emailed him reminding him to send me an email to which he replied, "I sent it last week but I'll resend today." I searched my junk mail and waited (for days). Again, nothing. I was really bummed and a little confused because we had, I thought, had a nice conversation that day he came by.
5	I looked for a moving company using the net and wasn't finding anything that stood out. Then I thought, "Why not yelp it?". Creative has awesome reviews for a reason. They were on time, moved quickly, helped me pack up into hanging clothes boxes, and were funny and enjoyable to be around the whole time. The was the first time I hired movers and would 100% go back to them again!
5	Great Company, Honest workers, Great rates.
5	My first review I've ever written! ...but these guys were so good I couldn't imagine not providing some feedback. This past week I hired CM&P to move two 3k sq ft offices into a 12k sq ft office. The whole process was flawless. Accuracy in estimating crates, movers and trucks to the point that could be called perfection. There was zero waste in money spent on crates or trucks. They were on time and I truly enjoyed working with the movers. They were friendly, energetic and a pleasure to be around. I used two teams of 5 for each move too so I met quite a few of them. I would recommend this company above anyone else. Conrad, simply put, rocks. He will help you determine exactly what you need and ensure they deliver. CM&P deserves every star available. Thanks guys. You made me look good this week. :)
5	Today, someone in my office asked me if they knew a good moving company. I found Creative Moving& Packing for my parents when they moved out of their apartment. They were courteous, very professional and quick at a reasonable rate. My parents who are elderly were a bit nervous beforehand, but they were treated with respect.
5	Moving process made unstressful. I had Jesse and Rene on my move. They were friendly, quick, thorough,  and most of all careful.  The owner Conrad is also very friendly.  I will use this company again and refer them to my friends.
5	The team at Creative Moving is AMAZING! They made the stress of moving less hectic. They are professional, courteous and cared about my needs. They were on time and worked efficiently! I will only use Creative Moving and will continue to recommend them to family, friends and clients! Thanks for being AWESOME Creative Moving!
5	USE THESE GUYS!  Tommy and Lee were amazing!  You will not be sorry!
5	Creative Moving & Packing was referred to me by my buddy. He had used them previously and was happy their service. So I took his advise & made a call to set my move. From the office staff to the moving crew, they were all professional & reliable. Overall they did an awesome job on my move. Would definately use them again & refer their services.
5	Creative Moving was referred to my husband by his buddy. At first I wasn't too sure about hiring movers only because I am picky with who touches my personal belongings. But after reading the reviews I said why not give them a try. I will admit that I was definitely happy & completely satisfied with their service.Renee, Jesse & Nacho were all professional from start to finish. Even went beyond their services by triple checking nothing was left behind. Even after I said I'll take care of the rest. Made it look too easy! Let me not forget to mention the great customer service provided by Conrad. Who was very helpful, understood my needs and expectation, making sure they would be met. And yes indeed they were. I look forward on using Creative Moving in the future and would also refer them to anyone who's looking for movers. No regrets! Again thank you Conrad, Renee, Jesse & Nacho for all your hard work!
5	Conrad is the man.  We had movers from another company arrive and tell us they didn't know how to get our fridge out the door because it was too big.  They gave up.I called Conrad to see if he could help move us.  He actually told me that it would be cheaper to have the guys I had already hired do it.  Conrad took the time out of his day to give a detailed description on how to remove the doors.  Helped the guys from another company out and in the end saved me a ton of money!Should have went with Conrad and Creative in the first place!  Will definitely recommend and use the next time.
5	I had to move my move date up so I only had a couple of days to find movers, I called a few companies with the same answer of "no openings" So when I called Conrad and he said yes right away I was a little hesitant on what kind of movers they would turn out to be or if they would even show up! lolCome Tuesday morning 5 minutes before the scheduled time there they were pulling into the drive way, this crew blew me away, they were awesome Rudy and Renay were super efficient, quick and great customer service, real team, they double checked before we left the house to make sure everything was packed. At the new house, they help get everything in the right place and did a couple of extras to make sure I was a happy camper before they left! I'm so glad that I was able to use this company and would recommend them any day and will use them  if I ever move again! Thank you!
5	I was so impressed and pleased with Creative Moving!!! They were GREAT!! My move was nice and smooth. The crew was efficient, punctual and very careful with my belongings. Conrad was great at explaining every detail to me, and made sure all my moving needs were met. He was genuinely a really nice guy!! I highly recommend Creative Moving!! and will definitely be using them again in the future...
5	All I can say about Creating Moving and Packing is WOW! WOW! and WOW! again!! I have moved multiple times in the past 6 years and have always got an okay company to do the move.  Creative Moving and Packing was phenomenal. I had heard of them through a neighbor that I know is extremely picky and not easily impressed by the mediocre and was given rave reviews of their services.  Everything about this move was fantastic.  From speaking to Conrad, the owner to Nova their scheduler and Admin extraordinaire. I was not an easy customer having changed locations and dates multiple times. They never gave me any attitude and did everything they could to accommodate me in any way they could.  On moving day 3 movers came to move my 2,600 sq ft. 2 story house complete with all the top finishes and wood throughout along with extremely narrow and unforgiving stairs that make an abrupt 90 degree angle half way down.  Everything was wrapped with care and not 1 single scratch was found on my furniture, walls, wood floors, doors or base boards. AMAZING!The movers were seriously some of the nicest guys I have met in a very long time.  They were professional, clean cut, respectful and just good guys.  Not only did they treat me and my belongings with dignity and respect but they treated each other the same way.  These were 3 young men, who did not know I was within ear shot, saying please and thank you to each other.  Going out of their way to help one another. Even stopping what they were doing to go help their co-worker with out attitude or irritation. I saw 1st hand problem solving that I have NEVER seen before on a move.  They would literally stop, look at the piece of furniture to be moved, and from there talk to each other to come up with the best angle and plan to move it.  All the while they were going out of their way to use the hour wisely trying to not run the time to charge me more. I would absolutely recommend this company to anyone.  After telling people over the past few weeks who I was using to move I was made aware that many other people I know have used them as well and was impressed with Creative Moving and Packing's services.  USE THEM! YOU WON'T BE SORRY!!
5	Im putting this up on behalf of my in laws. Please keep in mind they are SUPER high maintenance and compliments are rare from them. "They were excellent and 100% reliable. CMP moved our very heavy furniture down the stairs and were careful not to scratch any of the walls on the way down. They also dismantled several large bookcases with absolute care".
2	They came to my house for an estimate...... Conrad is nice enough , but never responded to my emails or sent me an estimate for my move. The customer service follow up was disappointing to say the least .....
5	I called Creative Moving when I moved from my home in Maricopa back to Phoenix. They were true experts! The movers showed up on time, wrapped all of my valuables and had me to my new place and unpacked in no time. Well worth the money and I'll call them again for sure.
5	Ben,jay, Jesse and Mirlio  did an outstanding job. They showed up with a two man crew but the A team showed up about two to three hours later and moved all my stuff. We were a two truck move they guys hustled all day and not a single thing broke.  They were courteous and made sure all the furniture was where I wanted it.  I recommend them highly they got it done! Thanks guys.
5	Best moving company in town! Professional, the guys know how to put a customer at ease at a real stressful time!  Had 8 major moves in my 58 years!   I just am so impressed with this company from start to finish! Read a review that said make sure to tip them at least 20$!  Yes, even more, you can! Way to go Camelback Moving! You are the best!
5	My boyfriend turned out to be a real jerk and I needed to move out quick.  Used Creative Moving & Packing and couldn't be more pleased.  What a great business to work with in my time of need!  The movers arrived on time and were extremely nice and very professional.  I couldn't believe how quickly they got the job done!  That was a real plus since I was in such a hurry to get the hell out and move on.Price was great and the final bill was less than the estimate.  Nothing was damaged or broken.  I couldn't be a more satisfied customer.  Thank you!
5	The team at creative moving were great.  Took care of everything for me. Thanks big time to Lee, Merko, Jay and Mono.  You guys made the move that much easier.
5	Best moving experience I've ever had! We were moving to a new apartment in Scottsdale, and Creative Moving and Packing made it such an easy experience for us. They completely wrapped up our couches, beds and any thing else that was fragile or could have gotten dirty. They were very quick and friendly! I would definitely hire them again. FYI there is a 3 hour minimum charge. Our move only took about an hour and a half - but I didn't mind the minimum. Definitely better than having to move everything ourselves in this heat.
5	Firstly, Creative Moving and Packing was recommended to us by a good friend who used them in May.   We thought their prices were higher than other moving companies we researched, but you definitely get what you pay for and in the end they weren't higher.  We moved from our 2300 sq. ft. house into a 1300 sq. ft. house.  We hired Creative Moving and Packing to move only the furniture, since we were moving only 5 miles away, we were able to do many, many trips and get all the boxes moved.   On the day of the move they called to let me know they were on their way and it was exactly the scheduled time.  When Jyro and Victor arrived you could immediately tell they knew what they were doing---and they were doing it fast!  They had great personalities which really helped me since I was stressed.  They consulted with us to find out what we wanted unloaded at the new house first and they packed the truck accordingly.  Our furniture is BIG and VERY HEAVY (three years ago we used Allied Van Lines to move cross country and they complained and complained about how big and heavy our furniture was).  No complaints from Jyro and Victor, it was all in a day's work.All said and done the move went great without a hitch.  NOTHING was injured and I am a complete nut job when it comes to handling my "stuff".  The total job took 5 1/2 hours.   At one point I was tired just looking at them hustle and suggested they take a 10 minute break (I know I was paying them by the hour but what the heck it was exhausting work)  they would not hear of it, they just trucked on.   Because of our downsizing, we were pressed to find a good setup for our new furniture.   They guys were great, they should be on HGTV as designers, what a help (LOL).  I can't be more pleased; I would use them again if I ever move again, but truthfully I hope I die here!
5	My review is almost a year late now, but I have to say it was phenomenal. Both movers were super friendly and very careful with all of mine and my partner's belongings, and went so quickly! They are absolutely reliable, and if you need movers absolutely hire Creative Moving!! I move again in November, and you can bet I'll be calling them about assisting me again!!*edited for spelling mistakes. whoops!
5	Great moving team yesterday with Victor, Rene, and Nacho!! I am impressed with their efficiency and service. Thank you, Creative Moving Company, I will recommend anyone in the near future.FYI: I used their 3 men team with packing help.
5	Used these guys to pack and store my items, Jesse and Rene were in and out in about 3 hours. Just got my items delivered back today and had Michael and Jon, both super cool guys and very funny. Thanks again CMAP.
5	Once again satisfied customer, I had creative move me in July when it was too hot and they wee awesome then, this time I used them to move my mom, and again they were a great team, Jesse, Ryan and Marco were friendly and efficient! Move went smoothly and stress free, thank you guys! Until next time!
5	We had Creative Moving and Packing move us last weekend. I cannot thank Minko, Renee II and Chris for the professionalism and fabulous white glove service. I would not hesitate using Creative moving again.
5	Wow! Creative moving and packing has exceeded my expectations! Great guys working like rock stars! I was moving from a second floor apt to another place across town on the third floor. Not only were these guys nice, friendly, and competent, but super hard workers!!! Working their tails off all day up and down stairs with any breaks. Not only did they get the job done, but all I my belongings are in tip top shape! I would recommend them to everybody I come across.
3	I paid 3 times as much as I originally expected! I couldn't believe it took two guys over 7 hours to move my one bedroom apartment! (I had everything packed in boxes except for the furniture and some dishes)  After all of this they suggested I get 3 movers instead of two because I live in a high rise (freight elevator being the limiting factor)  One of the movers chatted the entire time, I am sure this is one of the reasons for 7+ hours. Not a happy move. Luckily nothing was badly damaged or scratched in the end since they took their sweet time.
5	Used these guys a couple weeks ago. They were super nice and made sure to wrap everything so my furniture wouldn't get any scratches. They are legit and have insurance. Little pricier than other moving companies but I think that the satisfaction and service is well worth it. Would use them again if I need to in the future. Obviously the great reviews are saying that they are indeed the best around.
5	Arturo, Marcos#2and Erick did a great job!! This company was recommended by a friend and he raved about their quality of work and we were not disappointed. They were courteous, hard working and very careful with all of our items! We would recommend this company to anyone who is moving and wants peace of mind with using a moving company!!
5	I am absolutely completely pleased with the team and the quality of the company.   Moving a 5500 sq ft house was complicated with a tremendous amount of items and large furniture.   The team of Marco, Renee, Art and Mirko was admirable.  They were prompt, friendly, helpful, and efficient.  I still need another move and I wouldn't hesitate a moment to call and request Creative.  They made the move as stressless as it can be.D McCormick, Paradise Valley.
5	I must apologize for posting this review a month late but it comes after all dusk of unpacking has almost settled. This was the second time for me using Creative Moving and Packing and I want to say that they are still as prompt, professional, and courteous as ever. My possessions were handled and packed with extreme care regardless of their sizes, shapes, ages or condition. Everything was loaded everything in an orderly and meticulously manner earning extra praise for "outside" cleanup from my previous neighbors. I was able to get assistance and direct the gentlemen at all times on where to place everything in the new home.  In addition, I would like to add kudos to the professional, prompt and courteous movers who came to pick up the crates.  It was a good experience and I appreciated their above and beyond hard work.
5	As both a business owner and a home owner, I've used Creative Moving and Packing, a number of times throughout the years. When it came time to expand my business, they helped break down, transport and set up a 100 person office with the highest degree of efficiency and professionalism. Not only were they extremely fast, they also took great care to make sure nothing was damaged. Because I was so impressed with their service I recently hired them to move my family's personal belongings to a new home. Once again they were fantastic in taking great care of me and my family's needs. They certainly made the moving process a lot easier. I highly recommend them to anyone for any moving needs, especially when care and professionalism matter.
5	We were extremely satisfied with the service we received from Creative Moving and Packing.  All the team members were on-time, attentive, courteous and friendly, and most of all, they knew what hey were doing. Marcos, Lee, Renee, Renee Q, Alex, Merko and Chris, you rock!
5	"Q," Alex, and Chris arrived ten minutes early for our move. They got right to work and were extremely efficient, friendly, and made us feel like they were helping out their own family. They had to move a house-worth of furniture and fragile belonging down a three story stairway of an apartment complex. "Q," Alex, and Chris never batted an eye. They made us feel like it wasn't a big deal at all and that it was a simple move, and they finished moving everything in two hours!!! It took the other movers a whole day to complete the same task when we moved in, granted it was upstairs, but these guys could have done that move in probably three hours. Then they packed everything up in their huge moving truck so that it all fit in perfectly with plenty of room to spare! Next up was moving all the heavy belongings from another house which only took them another hour to do. These guys were so fast, and I couldn't believe how friendly and nice they were the whole time. I'm always apprehensive about movers because I feel like they are annoyed by customers that have them do hard work. But "Q," Alex, and Chris made us feel like it was just another day at the office!They had roll out rugs they set up in the new house to walk on so all dirt would stick to the roll out rugs and not dirty up the house. They wrapped all furniture so well that it could have withstood a nuclear blast! Well maybe I'm exaggerating, but they wrapped furniture with blankets and plastic wrap so well!I'd recommend these guys to anyone. And I've had several other moving companies before. Ask for "Q," Alex, and Chris for your movers! You won't be disappointed!
5	We used Creative Moving to move our furniture to storage units and months later to our new home.  I called PODS and another moving company to get estimates.  Packing pods ourselves with kids didn't seem like a good idea.  The other company sent a questionable person over to give us an estimate, which was probably about 25% higher than Creative Moving.  I couldn't even imagine doing our move without Creative Moving.  They packed our furniture and boxes  perfectly into their pods.  It was amazing, not an inch unused.  We paid our storage based upon how many pods we had.  It does cost money to hire professional movers, but so worth it.  It would have taken us days to do what they did in about 5-6 hours.  Same with the delivery months later to our new house.  These crews work so hard and they are very kind and professional.  I have had a terrible experience with another moving company.  Creative Moving took my stress away about moving.  The owner is upfront and his estimate was pretty much right on target.  The office manager is also top notch.
5	I have a big company moving so they arranged 3 people larry john b and Adrian.  These guys really come on time. And they did a good package job. The only thing I want to share with other people who looking for moving company is that we really need to plan before moving. Otherwise when I unload the stuff. I do not even know where to unload. But luckily, these guys are friendly and patient. :)
5	I have a big company moving so they arranged 3 people larry john b and Adrian.  These guys really come on time. And they did a good package job. The only thing I want to share with other people who looking for moving company is that we really need to plan before moving. Otherwise when I unload the stuff. I do not even know where to unload. But luckily, these guys are friendly and patient. :)
5	Creative Moving made our move go smoothly and awesome!  The moving crew was super friendly, very efficient and flawless!  Great price and worth every penny!  Crew was on time, very professional & responsive to all of our needs.  We would certainly hire them again and we highly recommend Creative Moving to anyone who is looking for a moving service!  Be sure to ask for Renee O, Adrian & Mirko for your moving crew!!!
5	Used creative moving and packing to get moved out of the 3rd story and into our homes. The workers were very efficient, friendly, and careful. They worked so diligently that the completed the job in less than the quoted time. Nothing was broken or "lost" I would hands down recommend these creative packers and movers.
5	Creative Moving was awesome in taking care of my son's move from an upstairs condo to his new home.  Arturo, Chris and Larry were so efficient and careful with every detail. Even though it was close to 100 degrees, they smiled, laughed and made the entire experience stress free.  This company is the best and they are lucky to have such great people working for them.
5	We hired Creative to move our two-bedroom apartment.  Adrian, Michael and Erick showed up on time, as promised.  They called when they were on their way over and completely handled the entire move professionally and courteously.  They covered every piece with a moving blanket and shrink wrap and nothing was harmed in the move.  They were very helpful and thoughtful.  I highly recommend Creating Moving and Packing.  We had a great experience.
5	I needed to move with just a short two day notice and needed a mover that could pack and move in time to meet a crane that was going to lift some of the furniture to a second story.  After calling my normal mover, who could only give me a three hour window for the crane portion, I began looking for a new mover.  I called a couple of movers rated highly on Yelp and they both directed me to Creative Moving & Packing (as they could not accommodate the move time or the crane request).  When I called Creative I reached Jesse who booked my move even though it meant scheduling people around to fit my needs. That was just the first of pleasant surprises. On the day of the move Marcos, Rener and Ryan all arrived perfectly on time.  They brought in their supplies (blankets and shrink wrap etc.. ) and as I watched them I could tell they knew how to move and take care of my heavy delicate furniture. They were true moving professionals, (not just guys that could hustle heavy items which is what you get with some movers).   In the end, the furniture was moved and set up in its new location perfectly. No broken items and not a single scratch on any of the furniture and no extra costs tacked on to the move. I have moved many times in the Phoenix/Scottsdale metro area and these folks are by far the best movers in the valley.
5	My wife and I recently bought a house and consequently had to move from our old rental. The guys at Creative Moving (specifically Lee, Renee R., and Adrian) made the move as smooth and painless as possible. They showed up early, which I really appreciated, and they were eager to get going. They were comprehensive in the planning stage while also making quick assessments, and the move went by extremely quickly. On top of all of that, they were gentle with all of our furniture and other belongings, and took great care not to damage either the rental house, or our new home. Thanks guys! I will recommend them to all my friends and relatives!
5	We were helped by  Mirko, Johnattin and Anthony. They gave us a call in advance on when they would be coming and reached our place on time. After greeting us they surveyed the things they had to move and started working on it right on. It took them over an hour for packing and loading our stuff and I think they did it as fast as they could. The unloading was much quicker and they placed everything where we wanted. We were happy with there service, would recommend them to our friends as well as hire them when we are moving next.
4	I'm going to preface this by saying that I'm teetering on giving a 3 or a 4. I'm going with 4 because they worked so hard. 3 is "A-OK," so it wouldn't necessarily be a negative review, but I know how important their yelp feedback is and I don't want to do that to them over minor-ish issues when the rest of the day went well. I bought a house coming from a rental, and my girlfriend and I were both working our butts off getting everything packed in boxes for the big day. I'm not going to lie - I have a lot of shit. We filled their truck floor to ceiling with stuff. It took all day with 3 guys to get all of it wrapped, in the truck, over to the new place, and sorted in rooms. Packing took days and days with procrastination days in between. We never quite finished as much as we should have - even pulling an all-nighter the night before, we were still packing boxes as they moved furniture into the truck.The guys were professional and really nice and talkative and friendly. They came prepared with loads of stretch wrap (they'll call it shrink wrap) and the most blankets I've ever seen. We had the cats holed up in the bathrooms with their own litter, bed, water and food... didn't want to put them in together in case they got to fighting. After the guys arrived, we walked through the rooms and set up our game plan. I showed them which items were more fragile and what to be careful of. I showed them everything that needed to be moved as well. They told us we were in good hands and that they would take care of everything.One of em did seem annoyed that we couldn't let them use the bathroom because the cats would flee (even though there was a nice quiet and private area around the side of the house to pee) - we did feel a bit bad about that one. Though we were paying for their time and offered to drive them down the street if they wanted. We also provided them with electrolyte infused bevs, and I gave one of the guys an older big screen HD projection TV that I didn't have space for at the new house. We kept boxing and cleaning as they went along... eventually, I got too exhausted and needed a nap, so when they were about 70% done, I went over to the other house to prep for their arrival and lay down for a few minutes. Molly stayed behind and wrapped up at the other place.When they arrived at the new place, we did a walkthrough and gave them an idea of where everything needed to go... They go to it. It took a bit longer than we expected, but everything was off the truck and in the house in roughly the areas we wanted them. After settling up the bill, we went back to the other place and grabbed the cats and brought them home.Now during the move, a few items were damaged. Most of it was toward the end of the day. I was only made aware of one of the items during the move - a big chunk of wood broke off a Copenhagen dresser I've had for decades. I said it was no big deal (it sort of was I guess, but I didn't want to act like it because it's just stuff), but he offered to knock 10% off the bill. In retrospect, that didn't really amount to as much as it sounded.It's been a few weeks, and I've been noticing things here and there. A speaker grill dented and wood chipped off. Lots of scratches on things that weren't there before. The inside of the fridge was quite scratched up on the door because they had trouble fitting it through the doorway. They scratched the hell out of the wall as well in the kitchen and said "just needs a little touch up paint." I mean, it was late in the day, so I totally get it. If I had made a big deal out of it, they probably would have painted it for me or something, but I just said "don't worry about it." Ikea furniture almost didn't make it because it's not built for durability, plus I left items in the drawers (which is usually okay with movers) - the problem was (with a lot of things) they didn't really seem to bother keeping things upright - they just wrapped everything in blankets and stretch wrap and flipped it around any old way. Contents inside many things were shifted more than expected. Again - a few minor damages... nothing major (that I've found yet). They also put tape on some original old collectable boxes that made them less collectable in order to keep them shut. They really made no promises that my items would arrive completely unscathed. I'm sure we signed a waiver or something. And it's stuff - it's always risky to move a ton of stuff. Another minor gripe was that some of the items I needed moved were left behind at the other house. These were items I had shown them during the initial walk-through, but Molly said that there wasn't much room left on the truck, and that she didn't know I wanted to take it. I mean, yeah - we had to take everything out of the rental. sooo.... Either way, we had to get a friend to loan us his truck. Would I use them again? Eh... maybe, maybe not. Recommend? I guess. *shrug*
5	This is hands down the BEST moving company that my family has hired in Arizona and we've moved 5 times. Our movers were "Ryan, Mirko, and Shawn" they were very friendly, had good time management considering we had a lot of heavy furniture and stairs and they were courteous. They gave me and my family water since our water system had not been hooked up yet. None of our furniture was damaged and everything was assembled properly.  My favorite thing about "creative moving" is their customer service.. They were such nice people with great personalities. I would recommend them to anyone who is planning to move. Every other moving company we have used has either stolen from us or damaged our things. Best of Luck!
1	Okay I do not understand the positive reviews below.Maybe they are all friends & family members or  paid reviews. Creative moving employee(I think he's name is Jesse)  came over to my home over a week ago for an estimate, he said he will send the estimate to methat same day or the next day. This was a 8 days ago, I have called and emailed. Iam not very happy because i need to move out soon and I was going to use Creative moving. The first time I spoke to Jesse he said I have to wait a week before he canCome over to my home for an estimate, I told him it was a long wait for an estimate and can they move me fast in 2 weeks, he said, it won't be a problem. After the estimate he dissapeared. I will not trust them with my things and they definitely loss my business.
5	Rene, Genone, Arturo, and Creative Moving as a whole did a fantastic job with our move! It was very easy to call and get an estimate and a couple days before our move we received a call to verify everything and let us know what time the movers would be coming.  The team called half an hour before they got to our apartment and they were right on time. We all did an initial walk through of the apartment to create a game plan. They got started right away and asked if they had any questions about what was going/how we packed it/etc. If anything was damaged (like our Ikea dresser with a flimsy back), they pointed it out to us before they moved it. The team worked very efficiently and made sure everything was properly packaged/wrapped before they brought it to the truck. When we got to the new house, they unloaded the truck very carefully and put everything in its proper room. Overall, the guys were very professional and courteous to not only me but each other, plus they were all very friendly! I would definitely use Creative again and would highly recommend their services!
5	Had an excellent experience with the crew.  They were friendly, efficient and fast.  Got in and out and took great care of my furniture.
5	These guys are AWESOME! We had Marcos and crew (2 other guys) and they were all very friendly, professional,  efficient and FAST! I received a call first thing in the am letting me know they were on their way. They got to my place on time, did a walk thru, and were off!! They worked super well together and loaded up the 26' truck like a tetris board! We were very impressed. Once at our new house, they unloaded everything equally as fast, if not faster, and put our things exactly where we wanted them.  They even had our 2 beds completely set back up in no time! This is the first time in my life I've ever hired movers and I'm going to be doing it every time, since this experience was so wonderful! My mom was there during the move and liked them so much, she even hired them on the spot for one of her moves!! Pick rhis place for ur move.  U won't be sorry u did! Thank u so much Marcos and crew. You made our lives sooo much easier, especially in 100+ Arizona summer heat!!
4	These guys did a really good job.  We had a GREAT crew.  The lead, Michael, was VERY professional, conscientious, and friendly.  The other two guys, Jonathan and Shawn worked VERY hard and were also very professional and conscientious.  We completely underestimated he scope of our project, but these guys worked the entire day without slacking off to get the job done.  It was a real pleasure working with them.  Only one major issue with a fragile table top, but they were quick to deal with it and are taking care of it.  Other than that everything moved well with only one cup broken in all our stuff.  Overall very pleased with them, especially  Michael, Shawn and Jonathan.
5	I have used Creative Movers twice and I will use them again for my next move. Both times the crew was very professional, friendly and fast. Arturo and Ignazo are a great team and I appreciate their professionalism and timeliness. Thanks for your help!
5	Mieko, Lee and Renee Q were the best. They were careful, fast, polite and went above and beyond to get my furniture into tight places. I would highly recommend them. I have never had such positive and helpful movers.
5	Wanted to write a wonderful review for this company.  Our movers Arturo and Ignacio were wonderful.  They work well together are efficient friendly and professional. Our move was stress free! Everything that was promised was delivered.
5	I used Creative movers to move my 1 bedroom apt to another 1 bed apt. I was so scared the move would be horrible. I am so glad I was wrong! Aurturo and Lorenzo were great. The showed up on time and we're very polite and curteous. Nothing was damaged and they even fixed my dresser I got from IKEA that I screwed up . I highly recommend this company. From my first call with Jesse everything was smooth and professional.
5	These guys came through quickly when the recent storms collapsed my garage roof. Luckily, their office is a few miles away and they were able to respond the same day and move my furnishings into their warehouse until I repaired my garage. All of my vintage collectibles were highly respected in the preparation and move. I'm all about local small business so they will certainly have my business in the future.
5	My husband and I were blessed to find this EXCELLENT company!  Our crew was Marcos, Robert and Martin - wow what a team .  The crew was very professional and friendly.  My husband was at the townhouse to supervise and called me "these guys are incredible, they are so efficient!"  Let me tell you, hubby is not easy to please! We moved from a 3 story townhouse to a one level home. They wrapped all our furniture in pads and stretch wrap.  We have moved several times in the past few years and Creative is far above the others we've used.  It's been a week now and we are all unpacked.  Nothing was damaged - everything is in perfect shape.If by chance we ever have to move again, we will definitely use Creative Moving and Packing. We highly recommend them!
5	This is my second move in a year, first one was cross country and a horrible experience!! Needless to say, I was nervous as hell when the time came to move from our townhouse to our new home! I went with Creative Moving becuz of other reviews and pricing (Jesse gave me a quote and that's what it was...no hidden fees or extras. He said two guys would handle our job and I was fine with that, but when I saw a third one with them, I knew they would get done even quicker-and guess what? No extra charge for the extra guy!!) I can't even explain how happy I am that I went with this professional, high customer satisfaction company! RENE Q, ROBERT, and LORENZO were all amazing, professional, polite, speedy and funny!! They took excellent care of our possessions, wrapped up the furniture real good and not one ding or bang on anything! All three of them were very polite, friendly and helpful! If you are moving you need CREATIVE MOVING to handle your possessions!!
5	Amazing service. The 3 gentlemen that showed up were on time and did an excellent job. I have never taken the time to do a yelp review and felt it was needed with this service. I was shocked how quickly the guys worked and how professional they were. I called around to 4 different moving companies and the amount that I paid was even lower than the amount quoted   We are calling them back next week to actually move all the stuff into the new house. I would definitely recommend
