3	So, I only have two tattoos, which means I can't complain TOO much.  I got my second tattoo here and I believe I would recommend this place to a friend who wants to get a cheap, quick tattoo.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ Prices are decent.  I got my tattoo done on my back by an apprentice and it was only $100, where most places were charging about $150.+ Open seating area.  I've been to some tattoo shops that are smaller than my bedroom.  This place is bigger than my apartment.- Staff could be more friendly.  I visited the place a few times before making my decision to get my ink done here.  Two out of three times I was not satisfied with customer service, but the cleanliness and reputation kept me coming back.+ Really good at inking simple designs.  My tattoo is large script across my back, and I would have to say it's pretty damn awesome.
4	Nice guy... he sang while I got my second tattoo...  It was the fastest tattoo I have ever gotten, hurt like hell but looks AMAZING!  VERY clean and everything you would need or want.
5	I love Seth!!! I found out about him through a friend and I will never go to another artist again.  I had a horrible cover up of a sacred heart that I hated.  It was a total mess.  Seth was awesome.  He took his time and gave me a really personal tattoo to cover it up.  I love my tattoo now! He is the only person I will go to for my tattoos.  Best artist in Phoenix!
5	The best place for tatts. My whole family and all my friends go there. I recommmend this place to everyone. Love the enviroment there. It is totally relaxed. Been there several times. When people see our tatts they always ask where we got them. They are the best. Love them. . I have only had work done by them so have no reference to compare prices to. Would never go to anyone else. Clean, friendly, place. Go check it out. you will not be disappointed. Found through asking a guy where he got his sleeve.  fyi yelp  has censored this as a bogus review.  It is a real review. I truly like this place. I am now at 7 tattoos.
5	Pete Vaca is amazing. I love my tattoo and this shop. He made me feel so comfortable! This will definitely be where I go from now on.
5	I've been going to this shop for years, a lot of these artists have become friends of mine (I'm not biased, theres a REASON I come here-the great art and the friendly people). Pete Vaca is one of the best artists around! He's very talented, and his color work is amazing. I have a half sleeve and thigh piece that I always get complimented on, possibly more than my other tattoos (I have more than a few). Josh Carter is a great artist as well, I have one tattoo by him, a black & gray portrait which literally was the easiest tattoo experience I've ever had.. could've been the placement or the fact that we watched Step Brothers, either way it was awesome. Eric James is amazingly talented as well, I haven't been tattooed by him personally however my boyfriend has been tattooed by him multiple times.Go there!  There's some really well rounded artists and everyone is really easy to work with! Dont get some flash off the wall, go custom!
5	Great shop full of talented artists. Reasonable price. Actually incredible price for the quality of work. Would recommend this shop to anyone looking for really great work. Personally had work done by Pete Vaca (petevaca.com) and he is amazing. I will continue to get all my work done by pete until im covered.
5	I love this place.  The guys in this shop have great personalities and are extremely talented artists! Eric James tattooed an amazing Audrey Kawasaki painting on my arm in December and it turned out so much better than i hoped for.  He took the time to listen to what i wanted for the look and feel of the piece. I am super excited to come back here and get my next tattoo very soon!
5	Got tattooed here by Greg, he did such a good job! He is so precision oriented, simply a perfectionist. A really great eye and you won't be disappointed.
1	I chose the Phoenix Tattoo Company because of all the great reviews and left disappointed.Yay or Nay: Marko was a really nice guy, the environment was fairly clean, and I was so impressed when I saw his shading work on my friends flower piece who had gone before me that I had no doubt he would be able to handle three lines around my wrist. Unfortunately I ended up leaving very unsatisfied in the job done. Price: What added insult to injury was that he let my friend haggle a lower price ($130 for a softball-sized, black and grey shaded flower-over an hour). I realize people need to make a living but I was hoping he'd realize his mistake by charging $100 (three thin lines around my wrist - 10min)Really??? Now I have to go pay the same amount if not more with a different artist to get it fixed elsewhere. **I uploaded a photo (assuming it's not removed by the business) of the line-work on my wrist. The photo was taken two days later. He did not do the heart, only the three lines around it.**Overall: I've had bad tattoos before and getting tattooed is not new to me. Marko was definitely a down to earth guy and maybe what would have made it better is if he just admitted he messed up, came down a lot in price or offered to fix it somehow. But what really makes me upset is that this is on my wrist for all to see. It's embarrassing. I wanted to love this place but I don't want someone else to leave the way I did.Sorry but I won't be back and I don't recommend  Phoenix Tattoo Company.
5	Saw Eric James.  Got a platypus! Awesome detail and perfect. Exactly what I wanted. We make it a family affair when we get tattooed. We all go together! My husband loves his rat Fink inspired. and my son his giraffe. Been going to this place for 6 years. Moved to Ohio but we still only use phoenix tattoo for our families tattoos. Pete vaca and Josh C have also done art for our family. Everything we have is  art!
5	This is not a review on the shop but on Pete VacaI contacted Full Circles Tattoo in San Diego owner with an idea I had for a tattoo and asked if he had an artist interested. He put me in contact with Pete Vaca who is currently visiting from Phoenix Arizona as I write this. I met with Pete at the shop and he was nothing but professional and an awesome artist! He told me he understood my direction and would draw up a custom piece for me. We set up an appointment to get the work done, price was reasonable and I'm stoked on the job Pete did. This was a cover-up of an older tattoo and it looks amazing! Very detailed with color and shading. Pete is very talented at what he does.
4	It was time to get some new ink and I knew what I wanted. My daughter just had a cover up of a tattoo done and I liked the way it turned out so I set off for the shop she got it done it.It was Sunday afternoon; I went in got a price checked, though it was a decent amount so I said yep let's do this!My artist was Jake, he was nice and good at what he does, not heavy handed and before I knew it the tattoo was done.I love my tatt, I think it's pretty sweet and I do see myself coming back to get more ink haha(btw this wasn't my 1st time at this shop been their many moons ago, and had great service then too)
5	I've gotten all of my tattoos (except two) done here by Eric James and I couldn't be happier with them. They range from hips to ribs to back and they are all equally well done. He works quickly which I think is a big plus but doesn't sacrifice the outcome. He's done large work on my dad and brother too and they keep going back. I don't see myself getting work done by anyone else. The shop is very clean and I view the prices to be competitive with other places. The customer service is okay but let's be honest it's not a salon, you're there for the talent.  Highly recommend going here if you're in the market for a clean well done tattoo.
