1	Lynn's has the dubious distinction of being the place where I got the second worse mani/pedi of my life.  (The worst pedicure coming at Lauren's in Boston where my foot was stabbed and I bled for 40 minutes...)  While there was no bloodshed at Lynn's the manicure was awful!  Every single nail on my finger bubbled to some degree, some to a really horrible degree.  The pedicure started chipping after 5 days.  I actually had to get another mani/pedi when I got to Vegas because this one was so horrible.   It was definitely not worth the price.  Be forewarned- their pedicures are pretty much a la carte and they only do cash tips.
5	This place is one of those neighborhood gems.  They've been there forever and the owner (Tri) or his family is most always there.  They are friendly, honest and kind.  They care about doing quality work and gaining repeat business.  Im sure if the reviewer below (Kristin S) had gone back in and asked to speak to the owner about the poor manicure she received, they would have absolutely re-done it and made it right because they care about your business.  Great place, great location.
4	They always provide great service and do a great job with my mani/pedis!
5	I go to Rose for my nails. They have very fast service and I have received several compliments on my nails when I got them done at this place. I have been going there for three years.
1	I thought I would give Lynns nails a try since I couldn't get in to my regular nails salon Elite Nails. I needed a basic pedicure and gel manicure. So while I was getting a pedi someone was also removing the gel. Not a relaxing experience I'm not even going to go into it. Long story short. I had a gel manicure on Saturday and by Sunday 5 out of  10 of my fingers are chipped. This is probably because the asian man  who did the job filed my nails before AND after the manicure! wow! Someone wasn't paying attention in school that day.  I'm shocked that this place is still in business. and when I asked them"How's business has been?"  and the reply is Slow. Now I know why.  I will never stray again from Elite Nails on 116th street. In fact I'm going to have to have this botched job repaired in the next few days.
4	This was my first time to Lynn's Nail Salon.   I had a great experience.   I walked in for a pedicure and was able to get right in.   The nail tech was very efficient and the salon was very clean.   The staff was friendly, my pedicure turned out great... I would definitely go again!
5	I love this place, great service. Love my pedicures and my gels last 3 weeks, they will lady longer but my nails grow fast.
