4	Chef heaven! I'm no Chef, nor do I own a restaurant, but I love this store! It's the only US Foods Chef's Store in the nation. Right here in Charlotte! They offer free membership to chefs and restaurant owners, as well as the public. It's kind of like a mini Sam's but with better prices. If you're having a large cookout or a party, this is your place for food. This store has everything you need. One thing I will never buy from the grocery store again is fresh spinach. I got a 2lb bag for $4! Almost the same price as the regular grocery store! They have sautee pans, baking pans, bar essentials ( Not all. Shakers, swizzle sticks). Not everything comes in large quantities. They offer pints of strawberries, other berries lol, pineapples, and other fruits that don't have to be bought in bulk. If you're on Eastway, (It's where the old Wal-Mart used to be) check it out!!!
4	A great place to restaurant supplies and food in bulk.I'm a fan.  You can get pretty much everything you would need to feed an army here.  Although, some things are a lot better deals than others.As you walk in, you see 50lb bags of onions, thats a lot of onions, all I could think of is a HUGE pot of french onion soup.  You then walk over to the right to see a bunch of freezers and a meat cooler.  All the fresh meat looks great and you can get pork shoulder for SUPER cheap.  The chicken and beef don't seem to be discounted quite as much.Once you start peeking into the freezers, you start to realize how easily some restaurants cheat.  Pre-made frozen crab cakes, full on frozen soup(BOOO!!!), and even pre-breaded coconut shrimp.  Also, you can find king crab legs, lobster tails, and other great seafood items.  Some with a good discount for the bulk amount, some not.  I'm definitely buying a side of smoked salmon next time I visit.The veggie cooler at the end of this isle is pretty awesome.  Shiitakes, 3LBs for $15!?  Tub's of ken's salad dressings and all kinds of other veggies.The spice containers are huge and a great deal, although I'm sure most would go stale before you used them all unless you went in with friends.  The next couple aisles are more or less just condiments and some specialty Chinese items.Once you get to the last aisle there is some serious restaurant equipment.  Those plastic tubs are great for brining meat.All in all, it would be a great place to start if you are planning a big cookout or throw in with friends on food.  Not everything is cheaper than normal grocery stores, but most is.
4	while i don't know that i would shop here on a regular basis, i think i will be here again to get some food to put into emergency food storage. there are some great deals on bulk items that have long shelf-life, and the wholesale store that i was hoping to get some of these items at is all the way in greensboro. this is much, much closer and cheaper. they also have some great kitchen items here that i might come back for, like pots and pans and even a butane stove-top. they were giving away these green bins to carry your food out, and i don't know if it was a limited time thing or an every time thing. but...i sort of love mine. great, great place to check out.
1	Bad service. Mismarked boxes. Bought pecan halves there the other day. Opened the box and found pieces. Checked the labels to make sure it wasn't my error. Returned to store found all the boxes were mislabeled.Time spent driving and discussing well over 2 hours. The mgr offered no remedy just "sorry." Question: Do they really give a damn about quality and service?Answer: Absolutely not. I don't want unreliability like this when trying to build my biz. I think I'll stick with Restaurant Depot.
3	Being a member of KCBS, I get free day-passes over to Restaurant Depot.  It has been my standard-bearer as far as availability of restaurant-grade food and equipment.  The only drawback is that RD is on the complete opposite end of town from me.  So when I found out that there was a US Foods CHEFSTORE closer by to me, I had to check it out!The big upside is that there is no membership required to go here.  Produce selection appears to be about in-line with that at RD, as does the selection of other large-quantity items.  While most of the meat selection here is about in line with RD, there just didn't seem to be as much of a selection or as good of a quality.  For those who are avid BBQ cooks, the pork butt and brisket selection should suffice.  I did not check out the poultry, so I can't offer up anything there.If I want good, non-BBQ meat (like a whole ribeye or stuff for grinding meat), I'll probably go to RD.  Otherwise US Foods CHEFSTORE is an acceptable choice.
4	Fast and friendly staff. Location not too convenient but they have what I was looking for. If you haven't been, it's worth a visit. Prices great too!
1	I run a small food preparation business about 2 miles down the road from the Chef'Store.  That being said, I still make the semi-daily trek across town to buy from Restaurant Depot.  The staff at the Chef'Store ranges from uninterested to unfathomably rude (when returning a package of cheese we'd purchased that day, only to find a SIX WEEK OLD EXPIRATION date, we were informed that "that don't mean it's bad").I could deal with the lethargy; after all, I'm not shopping as a means of socialization.  The thing that gets me is that they are regularly out of basic staples.  That's kind of what prompted me to write this review - how can a store with this sort of (alleged) scope be 'out' of cream cheese?!?  Since it's open to the public, I can see using this location as spot to pick up bulk basics for a family/party/work function, etc.  If you're serious about running a business, however, and you're looking for quality and reliability, RUN, don't walk, to Restaurant Depot.
4	This is actually a pretty cool store. Now for me I don't shop here much because it's all in bulk. However I have learned meal planning for the week from my personal trainer and since I don't want to drive far ever to grocery shop (BJ's, Costco) this place is very convenient. They usually have great deals on meat like chicken breast. So if your a meal planner or like me, like to make all your meals for the week over the weekend, this is a good place to shop.
