3	Came here on our 1st day in Vegas 2 wks ago,  not really much to say.  I ordered a seafood Tofu.  It was ok, but not fantastic.  I didn't cared for the side dishes much (only 5 dishes)  The service was laid back (Didn't want to intrude)  The places was pretty quiet even for mid-day..after the 3rd day, I kinda found out why.  A lot more ppl going to DJK which was only a few doors down had more variety, service, and better food.
4	This place seems to specialize in tofu stews, or soondubu. And they do a good job at it. So 4 stars just for the stews since I only order stews at this joint.The other dishes are okay, but not super. Panchan was decent.Good prices and portions. The decor is lacking a bit, the ambiance is definitely missing. Service could have been a bit more attentive.
4	Mr. Tofu was wonderful for lunch on one warm afternoon. The stews were wonderful as were other Korean appetizers, soups and entrees. We tried about four different items and shared them all--all were good, hearty, and flavorful. The service was knowledgeable and English speaking, although most of the patrons were not. The exterior of the place is very dingy looking, pretty typical of any "China Town" restaurant. However, the interior decor pleasantly surprised me. Nice, dark cherry wood (fake of course) tables and flat screen tv (with Korean News, of course). Clean interior. The food was not goundbreaking, but healthy and tasty enough to deserve a four star rating!
3	A quick run down of Mr. Tofu...Now, to be fair, I can't compare it to some of the Soon Tofu places in LA. I would have to compare it to places in Las Vegas, such as Tofu Hut, which is basically right across the street. The food is OK for Soon Tofu Jigae joint. I had the Pork version and was not too disappointed. The soup itself was hot, but a little under seasoned. The egg is added to the soup in the kitchen and not in front of the guest. The rice was a little on the over cooked side, but what I didn't like was the crispy rice congee that's usually given at the end of the meal.  The banchan was ok, but a little on the small side. Overall, the value of this place was ok, not too bad. Service was pretty attentive and was always ready to serve. The reason for the 3*'s and not 4 was just the little details of the food. But overall I would check it out again.Maybe next time I'd try the some of the bibimbop dish. Bon Appetite!
3	It's a bit disappointing that the service is pretty bad here since the soon tofu isn't too bad.  There's usually only one worker due to Koreans trying to be cost "efficient".  I felt a little bad for the waiter actually.  The banchan (side dishes) were adequate, but it was hard to get more after finished.  The place is nice and spacious though, and the soon tofu isn't half bad.  I would probably not recommend coming here when busy though as service can get pretty slow if it does.
4	I eat lunch and dinner here several times a month. Yes, there is only one server but the place is small and I thought the service was quite good. The side dishes are usually very tasty and I think their radish kimchi is one of the best. It's pretty simple in their offerings but the value is great. I've tried just about everything on their menu and sure it's not the best Korean food, but I'm from Los Angeles, so my expectations are high; however, for Las Vegas, it's better than most when it comes to value. I used to go to DJK but now go to Mr. Tofu and sometimes to HoneyPig. Maru was terrible.
3	It's May 15, 2009 at about 6:30pm and it's HOT in Vegas.I was craving some cold noodle soup... and I got some cold soup but got nothing close to what I wanted.I haven't really had any Korean food, that wasn't Korean BBQ, in Vegas yet so I went to the first place I found.It wasn't crowded at all so we got good service.I ordered the Kong Goktsu because it was a cold soup.It was... interesting.  Noodles in a white bean soup.  There's a first for everything I guess.  It was very bland.  I think that's how it is suppose to be since I got a little container of sea salt to go with it.  The salt definitely helped.  I ate the noodles while enjoying the sides.Their Bibimbap was decent, though, I'm not big on bibimbap.If I survive until the winter I'll go back for some Tofu soup.
3	Hungover and driving back to LA after a long weekend of partying, we hit up Mr. Tofu for some grub.Service was extremely slow, since there was ONE waiter. He seemed to favor the Korean patrons and served them first. Whatever.I just wanted my noodle soup. I had the anchovy handmade noodle soup and it was ginormous. Noodles were handmade for sure, but where the hell were the anchovies?!! I didn't see any, and it sure didn't look like the photo they posted on the wall. The noodles were decent, but kinda bland. OH well, it hit the spot and got rid of the edginess. My friend had the seafood tofu and she liked it alot. Total for two people was $20. Not bad. But, probably won't be coming back here. I'll hit up the Pho place next door over this. Pix- http://pandaliciousforme.blogspot.com
3	This place has nice service. The menu is limited.  I didn't like their appetizer. Food is so so. Their price is good for the food. I would need to come back here to try their soondubu.
4	4 star - 5 star!Pretty good place! I like this one more than the one cross street (base on how they cook).... BUT how come they only have ONE ppl working on Sat night, which is a busiest time?! Curious.. I feel sorry to bother him since he has to welcome customers, clean table, order, runing back and front.... sigh.... sorry man! But I'm hungry too ...... :(  very hard to make decision! I have 'hot' seafood tohu ----- yummy yummy!
2	Mr tofu tasted really bad. I love to eat soondubu jigae. but this place killed it. All lot of ppl told me that this restaurant was really good in vegas. So i went with my friends to eat soondubu. and i asked the waiter for mix and mild. and so i waited. when the soup came out, it wasnt even boiling. Ive been to many restaurants and the soup was boiling so that the egg can cook. I looked at the soup and it felt watery. The soup looked like it only had water and gochugaru for the base. I would rather drive to california to eat soondubu then eat at this restaurant again.
2	Sorry, but I rather go to the one across the street.  I was optimistic about trying out this place.  But I walked out with a bad taste in my mouth. Their complementary dishes didn't look fresh and the service was so so.
3	Quick lunch! Mr. Tofu was our choice. Nice, clean , small unassuming Korean restaurant on Spring Mt. and Valley View. The menu may be simple but the food taste great. I had the Galbi and it had a great marinade. Very flavorful. My friend had the Bibimbap, which by the way cracks me up every-time someone says it. the way she was eating it, I am sure that it was pretty good. Banchan was awesome, we hade five to six types. Overall, this place is awesome. It has that small time feel to it and it is very comfortable due to the nice spacing of the tables. Three stars because of the service. There was only one person in there and it was a bit slow. However, I will still come back here.
4	Good food. Prices were okay. There was only one person working, but the wait was not considerably long (went there on a Saturday around 7pm). I would recommend this place to anyone who is looking for some kbbq. This also seemed like a mom & pop spot which I also liked. Support your local small business!
4	Bomb food!! I love spicy food and I ordered my soup medium which was perfect but too hot for others with me. Def check this place out for yummy Korean food!!
5	SOON TOFU SOUP. (aka sundubu)hands down  one of the best i've had.the servers are friendly, and the endless refills on banchan/side dishes = AMAZING.btw, i went here 2 days in a row with my boyfriend, just because i loved it sooo much. worked wonders for my cold too. :)
4	Jieun L recommended this placeThe tofu stews are BETTER then tofu hut!! Mr Tofu lacks the grilling at your own table experience but those places are a dime a dozen now so no bit loss there.The Dolsot Bibimbap was a bit bland. i loaded it up with chili paste and quite a bit of soy sauce but still couldn't get it to where i liked it. The stone bowl costs an extra dollar compared to a standard bowl but it's worth it. With the stone bowl you get the crispy burnt rice and the bowl keeps the rice hot for a long time.Service was alright considering the cashier also played the role of bus boy, waiter, and face of the establishment. Definitely going to switch from Tofu Hut to Mr Tofu
4	I come here for their soondubu.I am a fan.I have yet to find a better soondubu place.Tofu is soft.Broth is flavorful in all the right places.The place is clean and waiters are always nice/friendly.
5	Mr. Tofu is another place that's slowly crept into my craving rotation!  Their sundubu comes with the best tofu I've had at a restaurant and has the perfect balance of flavor and spice!  I've only ever had the beef sundubu; it's one of those situations where I keep telling myself to try something new on my next visit, but the beef sundubu is so good!The menu is simple, you basically choose what goes into your soup: seafood, kimchi, beef etc.  There are also some other traditional items like bibimbap.  The menu stays the same for lunch and dinner.I have to say, this is an awesome place to grab a meal by yourself.  Your sundubu will cost you $8, AND you get delicious banchan.  Each time I've eaten here the banchan has been slightly different.  Variety is good!  Quality food at a good price makes this the newest addition to my list of repeat eats!
4	In the past couple of months, I've really gotten myself into soondubu. Boyfriend was in town and as Korean already, he could never get enough of Korean food. We stopped here after shopping to get our fix. Had a combination soondubu and bibimbap,everything was so tasty. The soondubu definitely hit the spot and the bibimbap was delicious! I wish they had more variety in the banchan because every time I came back, I basically got the same. Not that they're bad, but I would like to try more. Our waitress was very attentive and kind. Saw my boyfriend and I argue over the check and told me to let the man take care of it :).
4	Soodubu jigae. Unlike most I've had. Packed full of tofu and meat. Well developed flavor.
4	SUNDUBU! Where have you been all my life? Thanks to Misti, Bobby, and Anthony M for introducing me to this totally rad stew.I went with the Seafood Sundubu with a spice factor of mild. I think the other choices were hot, medium, and plan. Yes, plan. Mild works for me. I may try medium next time.The bowls come piping hot to your table and the stew is still bubbling intensely. Misti made a comment questioning if it really needs to be that hot. Probably not, but I feel like it psychologically makes the dish more appetizing as you wait for the right time to dig in.The tofu is probably the best I've ever had. It's just cooked perfectly and mingles wonderfully in the stew. And that stew. I have no idea what comprises it, but it's absolutely delicious.The only downside to getting the seafood option is that you have to peel shrimp and shell mussels and clams. When it comes to eating soup-like dishes, I get lazy and don't want to have to use my hands. I'll definitely try the beef next time. Also, I must say that the squid was a tad chewy.In any case, I am most definitely returning for more Sundubu goodness. Mr Tofu, if that's your real name, you've got yourself a new fan.
4	I go here too often. Brought friends here this time. I get my usual extra spicy seafood combo, and it's excellent as usual. This time I ordered the extra peices of kalbi and it was good but probably lacks marinate for more western palates. Friends thought it was good, but they all said they've had better. To each his own. They also didn't have the seafood, and that's all I ever get, so maybe the kimchee beef and other dishes are sub-par. I'll never know.
5	Great soondubu. I finally found a good one in vegas. Soyo's was not good, but Mr Tofu rocks. I was surprised how slow it was at 6:30 especially compared to Tofuhouse across the st. I havent read many good things about the Tofuhouse, so I was happy to try  Mr. Tofu. Service was nice, sides good, refilled sides a big plus in my book. Mild is just right level or heat...will def be back many times! Oh, the kalbi side is $7 extra, but enough to share with a partner as a side.
5	Holy crap the Sundubu is friggin bomb.I wasnt even hungry and ordered the combo one just to try it out and WOW ate as much as i could.The broth is just fully loaded with flavor, the tofu is just so silky smooth and all the banchan is just so tasty.They also do to go orders. If you do order to go you get to go BANCHAN TOO!!! I declare this place Soyo when we dont feel like going to Soyo
4	All of this talk about banchan on the boards has lead a few friends and I on an epic quest for Korean food. They say that three is the magic number and I find it hard to disagree after my party failed to find a spot for dinner. One place closed down, another didn't open until 6pm, and then it dawned on me that Mr. Tofu was an option. Although it is not in the main Chinatown complex, this plaza holds it's own in culinary delights and Mr. Tofu only adds to it's credibility. Mr. Tofu does not offer a large menu, instead focusing all their efforts onto a single sided page. This reminded me of the specialty restaurants in Korea. Instead of offering a bevy of sub par items, they focus on a few signature dishes. The ambiance is simplistic and clean. The restaurant is minimalistic, open, brightly light, and the walls are adorn with a large menu and pictures of what they offer. The staff was friendly and quick with the refills on banchan. Not once did we have to request for more. Instead the gentleman swept in with replacements as soon as we devoured. Good thing there was only one other party, because I feel sympathy for anyone who has to serve Katrina M. and I when we feast. The poor guy made four rounds. The broccoli, kimchi, and two radish dishes did not stand a chance. The pickled celery was not in high demand. Bringing along a newbie to Korean food, we ordered and dined family style. I got the kongguksu; a cold, milky soybean noodle soup garnished with cucumber. The noodles are chewy without being rubbery. The soup is a thicker soy milk with pine nuts floating throughout. This dish is not for everyone because it will seem bland, but they offer salt on the side. On a hot day, this refreshing dish is a savior. At ten dollars, it is a filling meal. The soup alone is like drinking three cups of milk. We also ordered a combination soondubu; filled with beautiful pieces of pork, beef, mussels, shrimp, soft tofu, and egg. Adding the galbi plate is a steal. The two items came to fifteen dollars and could easily feed two, but we are fatties and ordered a second pork soondubu combo. I only wished the soondubu was spicier.
5	I really liked this place. It's clean, friendly, well priced, and delish. It's my new go to for Soon Du Bu. I ordered the pork soft tofu and my friend got the combo soft tofu. Both of us were really happy with our food and with the banchans. Usually you have to ask a few times for a banchan to be refilled, but here? Nope! They do it willingly and quickly. Definitely a great place to go to for a quick, hot, Korean meal.
5	The thickest, hottest dolsot stone bowl in the bibimbap business. 30 minutes into your meal and the bowl is still scalding hot and would still cook an egg. I used to get the seafood sundubu all the time, then one day I decided to try the dolsot bibimbap and have never looked back. Don't get me wrong, the sundubu is spectacular here. Great flavor, great clean aftertaste. And awesome banchan dishes. Friendly smiling chef and waitstaff dudes are really cool! Korean newbies: make sure to order the 'dolsot' bibimbap so you get your food in a hot stone pot. The regular bibimbap comes in a normal porcelain bowl. When your dolsot arrives, grab your metal spoon and start mixing up all the ingredients in your bowl, including the sunny side up egg so it all starts to cook against the hot stone bowl. And don't forget to mix in enough hot sauce so your bibimbap turns slightly orange - just right!Mr. Tofu plays hard-to-get as he is only open until 10PM :(   There have been dozens of times when we crave Korean food after 10PM and we end up going next door to DJK, Honey Pig, Soyo or Tofu Hut which are all open 24hrs. Mr. Tofu is a Las Vegas classic. (and it's really clean, too!)
5	One of my family's favorite Korean restaurants in the valley, and that's saying a lot! The menu might be limited, but the quality of each dish is right on. Their speciality dish is sundubu, a spicy extra soft tofu stew in a variety of options (beef, kimchi, pork, seafood, and combo) that comes to the table bubbling away in a stone pot. Be careful not to burn your tongue. They also have the popular bibimbap (mixed rice) plain or dolsot (hot pot), kalbi (Korean short ribs), handmade noodle soups, along with other traditional Korean dishes. I ordered the combo sundubu which came with a bowl of rice and a variety of banchan. The banchan was the best that I've had at a Vegas Korean restaurant. Fresh, simple, and healthy! I enjoyed the potatoes marinated in a light sweet soy sauce, and the spinach seasoned lightly with sesame oil and salt (I ordered refills). The sundubu was delicious. Clean, light, and nicely flavored with generous amounts of tofu and protein. The server was friendly and encouraged more banchan refills! Also, the restaurant is clean. If Mr. Tofu opened late, this would be the late night hotspot for sure!
4	This is the first tofu place i managed to stumble across in my transition to vegas.  (well it was the first one to catch my eye on yelp).  The soon tofu was good even though im not a mushroom fan (it's in the beef soon tofu)...I really enjoyed it.It was interesting to see the egg was already inside the soon tofu as most places just give you an egg. (that was a first).Also the rice that came out was in a metal bowl instead of the stone pot bowl...hmmm i love the burnt rice/water ...But the soon tofu was very good....and the service was very good as well.I also got the garlbi...it was ok.  Maybe I have to get used to Vegas Garlbi LOL....  ;)I'll update this as I try more places out in Vegas
5	I don't have much of an update. This is more of an UPGRADE of my original rating. After visiting Mr Tofu a handful of times now, I can confidently say that this place is as good as it gets. The Sundubu is to die for and it's all I bother to order. I've had combination, seafood, and beef - all medium in spiciness. I have yet to have even a mediocre experience here. Their banchan is probably the best in town. It changes all the time and there is always at least one item that wows me. The guy that works there is always quick and courteous. Even if we don't split the bill, it's never a hassle to pay separately.The only way a meal at Mr Tofu could get any better is if the sexy sax man were to randomly appear and serenade us over our bowls of tasty Sundubu.p.s. How could you not love a place that uses the Robotron font for its name? Mr Tofu 2084!
3	This place may be good, but they had no vegetarian options for sundubu (for my dining companion).  So we ate at Dae jang Keum instead.  Too bad they can't accomodate vegies here - there are a lot of folks who don't eat meat and they not only lost her business but mine too, at least for today.  Not that I'd mind eating there another time, if I were by myself.
4	My constant quest to satiate my hunger & curiosity for unique preparations of tofu by cuisines from across the globe represented throughout the west coast finally led me to Mr Tofu Sunday. Five years in the valley and I've just now acquainted myself with this gem? Shame on me.
4	Came here after a night long of drinking.  We each ordered a tofu pot.  I got the seafood combination, while my friends got the kimchi and the pork.  In addition I added the beef short rib.  The waiter brought us the sides and rice in the beginning. The egg comes cracked into the tofu pot.  I ordered hot but it wasn't too spicy so it was perfect.  A little bit more spicy would be better but I guess it wouldn't be good on the stomach after all the drinking.  The food did taste good.  I was surprised to find a good SoonDuBu place in Vegas.
4	Spicy korean comfort food at its best! I had a korean craving, non bbq, and this really hit the spot.  I followed the recommendations from fellow yelpers and got the Combo Sundubu.  I got it medium and added kimchee.It was awesome.  The tofu comes in big chunks and is so fresh.  My only complaint is I wish they provided a few more ban chan items like the fish cake.  The dolsat bibimbap looked delicious and for the Korean 101 peeps, you can still get bbq here.    Next time I'll need to try their fresh hand-made noodle dishes.Best of all, almost all the items are 8 bucks.  Fantastic deal - will be back!
3	I held a very mini UYE to try out a new place. I got the dolsot bibimbap ($9.95) since it's a favorite dish. Theirs here was decent and the stone pot stays hot. Somehow though it lost its crispness compared to the last dolsot I got. The veggies were fresh and the meat The banchan is good here and fresh. We had stewed mushrooms, daikon radish kimchee, napa cabbage kimchee, zuchinni, korean spinach with sesame. Definitely some of the better banchans I've had. Taste more like homemade. I heard about the good service here, they were friendly but there really wasn't much service. We ordered, got served and then that was it. No banchan or water refills. We were sitting around and talking and it wasn't til like an hour later asked if people wanted water. I was drinking a Sprite which was empty and I wasn't given water... We walked up and paid. It would have been 4 stars if it wasn't for the non service. I would like to come back and try the "star"- the soon tofu and hopefully there will be better service.
4	I came around 4PM and the place was empty at that time. I'm not too sure if it was because there was no one in there yet, but the male waiter was extremely nice and polite to me when I walked in. The place was clean and much smaller than most Korean restaurants in town. The menu selection was also minimal, with about 4 sections and like 5-8 choices in each...I ordered the tofu combination soup that has a combo of beef, pork and seafood. It was brought out boiling and smelled similar to the kimchi flavored ramen you buy in the bowls at Asian stores or sometimes seen at Sam's Club. I have to say it was very good.. the soup was flavored well..not too salty, unlike the other places Ive tried.  If you're someone that likes heavy spices and strong flavors then the broth might just be a little too bland for you, especially with rice.I on the other hand thought it was the perfect balance because for once, I didn't have to drink as much water after I was done eating. In the soup, they actually use the jumbo shrimps for their seafood. They also automatically place an egg in there for you too, so if you don't like the soup with egg, make sure you tell them in advance. One thing you should consider is the spice level. It was not that spicy. I ordered hot and in my opinion it was more like mild. I'm not someone that can eat super spicy food, but to me there really was no spice in the soup at all. The only complaint I would have is that their side dishes were not all that great... compared to places like Tofu Hut... it had too much kimchi and cabbage plates which ultimately all tasted the same after a while. Overall it was a good experience and the service was surprisingly very nice for a staff that spoke mostly Korean and partial English. I would definitely recommend!
5	Soon dooboo was the best i've ever had...I'm craving it and counting the days until my next trip into town.  Broth was flavorful and medium spicy was delish!  Ban chan was also very delicious - kim chee was full flavored (I miss this home cooking!) not too salty and masked w/ hot pepper like so many other places do today.Kids loved the chicken noodle soup (homemade noodles!).Atmosphere is a little cafe like but relaxed and enjoyable.
5	It was my first time in Vegas as a 21 year old, in the middle of July, when it was 107 degrees out.  I was on the strip, thirsty as could be, yet, I had bookmarked this place a while back and realized, I'm not in Utah anymore, I'm getting myself some Korean food. And of course, it's extremely logical to want boiling hot soft tofu soup in this weather, and to drag myself away from the Strip as a new 21 year old for food.  After trying the soup here, my previous statement won't seem as counter intuitive, I promise you.  I ordered the "HOT" combination tofu soup, and the waiter gave me this "you don't know what you're getting into" look, which I called him out for, and found that it did have much more of a kick than I'm used to when it comes to ordering Korean, but it was still delicious and I downed the entire bowl because it was that good.  And keep in mind, the weather outside.  My boyfriend, who is somewhat new (and slightly apprehensive) to Korean food, stuck with the beef bulgogi, and seriously looked like he was having a foodgasm from the very first bite.  Also a winner here, the rice.  Perfectly cooked, and perfectly great to accompany both of our meals. The service was okay, it wasn't great, but it was good.  I always had a full water glass (even though I was more interested in eating my soup than drinking water), and the panchan kept on coming out.  So, my boyfriend and I took a taxi here, and a taxi back, and paid a total of $38.00 on taxi rides, and $30 on food.  Now, normally I get really angry when I spend more on transportation than the food, but it was completely worth it.
3	Thought this place would have a wide variety of items, but the menu is quite simple.  We all ended up having the Dolsot bibimbap.  My cousin said she had better, but I thought it was okay.  Their banchan selection was good.  I really enjoyed their kimchee.  My daughter loved their soup that is served with the meal, especially when I added rice.
3	I attended a UYE here with Jade W and Matthew C.  It started off clumsy when I asked for an iced tea and was informed they did not have sweet tea and I said "that is fine I don't care for sweet tea", I was served a glass of water.  The service seemed sort of distant throughout the meal, however several Asian customers got better service.  Per Bobby Ys recommendation I ordered the Dolsot Bibimbap as did the rest of the table and they substituted tofu for Matthew at no extra charge.  I really liked the food however we were never offered refills of any of our banchan like some of the other tables got.Overall it is a place worth trying but the service brings it down a star.
5	My favorite soondubu spot in sin city! The pork soondubu is a very close second to my own mother's pork soondubu. It's spicyyy (I'm talking true Korean food spicy...as in runny nose, yet you keep napkins on hand and keep slurping away) and so flavorful. The soup is on point and all the ingredients taste incredibly fresh.The dolsot (hot stone) bibimbop is also delicious here.Definitely try Mr. Tofu! It's located in the same Spring Mountian plaza as Pho Kim Long. When you are craving soondubu, this will satiate that appetite.
5	I have to preface this by saying that I am NOT an expert on Korean cuisine, but this little joint seemed to be the next best thing to flying to Seoul for lunch.White people, be not afraid. I am as white as the day is long and I have felt slightly intimidated when walking into an unfamiliar restaurant that serves unfamiliar cuisine. Maybe it's just me, but I don't think that I'm the only one to feel a little bit silly trying to pronounce Korean dishes or figuring out the "right" way to eat something I've never even seen before. Our waiter was Song Sun Kyu and he was super! He has the sweetest personality and he was so kind about helping us choose our meals and schooling us on how to eat our food in true Korean style. He made us feel really welcome and very comfortable, right from the moment we sat down.He started us off with the ban chan - five little dishes of cold appetizers. Seaweed salad (slightly sweet), cooked zucchini with carrot strips, radish chunks soaked in red pepper sauce, a green veggie (kind of a mix between bok choy and broccoli) with bean paste and sesame oil, and kim chee. He brought us two rounds of ban chan over the course of the meal.We shared a bottle of soju - a very smooth, slightly sweet clear alcohol drunk in shot glasses. It's kind of like weak vodka but much tastier than vodka, in my opinion. It's 20% alcohol, so one 12 oz. bottle between two people is just about perfect for a lunchtime drink.I had the dolsot bibimbap. It's pretty awesome: A big sizzling stone bowl filled with rice on the bottom, about four kind of julienned veggies, beef/chicken/tofu pieces and it arrives at the table with an egg on top. Song Sun Kyu graciously showed me how to take the long spoon that comes with it and stir it all together so that the ingredients all "fry" together in the hot bowl. The rice obtains a delicious crunch as it crisps in the stone bowl and the food stays piping hot. I also added a red pepper paste to the mix.We had some beef BBQ. It was slightly sweet and so greasy, but "good" greasy. Like bacon. Probably not the healthiest thing I could eat but just so indulgent and tasty. My husband had the tofu soup; I didn't try it but he seemed to really enjoy it. Just a side note: It was our tenth anniversary and I went out on a limb and gave this place a try for our special anniversary lunch. We got lucky and ended up picking a big winner. We'll always remember our fantastic tenth anniversary lunch. They even gave us a couple of Diet Cokes to go, on the house, as a little anniversary gift. So sweet! :-) In case it isn't obvious, I fully recommend Mr. Tofu. If you are a regular adventurous eater or have never tried Korean cuisine and are ready to try something new, head to Mr. Tofu. We loved it!
5	Mr. Tofu is has been a favorite little lunch spot of mine.I usually get the delicous and cheap dolsot bimimbap.Everything usually comes out really fast, the place is clean and casual.You should go :)
4	Go figure that over a month ago, Yelp's own Misti mentioned how she loved Mr. Tofu and it's one of her favorites and on my first visit this evening, I run into her!I had a lot to expect as several people told me that Mr. Tofu's Tofu Soup was superior to the lot in Vegas.  I was in post-workout mode so I wanted Tofu Soup with something protein.  Thankfully, the menu is very short but it sticks to these twenty dishes and it does it right!I went with Beef Tofu Soup which came with chunks of beef, tons of tofu, a smooth, well seasoned broth with a nice kick, and for once, the egg cooking rapidly and fully.  (One of the issues I encounter with Tofu Soup is that the egg never cooks as much as I'd like and I get stuck with half-done egg.  Ugh.)  Seven panchan, all nicely seasoned.  Delicious, fresh Kimchi, and attentive service considering that there was one waiter and my water/barley tea never stood empty for more than a minute.    I wish they didn't close so early.  I mean, compared to other Korean restaurants which are open to the early morning or 24 hour. :(My total bill was like, 9 dollars for plenty of food.  Will definitely visit again!
5	Everything but the Kal-bi was delicious, but then again it is a tofu house.  It would give any garden grove area tofu restaurants a run for their money.  Kal-bi was good, just needed to be seasoned more.  Bim bim bop was very good; fresh ingredients.  Banchan was fresh and tasty also.  Great Korean place in Vegas!
4	If you go to Las Vegas' Chinatown, then get used to the term Mister, Mister! Which reminds me of a picture book I heard about from my college dorm mates entitled....."Balls on the Bedpost" by Mister CompletelyBut I digress. Last time I was here, I ate Banh Mi (Vietnamese sandwich) at Mr. Sandwich. Cheap and good! This time, it is Soon Dubu (Korean Spicy Tofu Soup) atMr. TofuCheap and good! Mr. Tofu is decent sized, very spartan in decor, really just a diner like place that serves cheap and good Soon Dubu. I had the combo Soon Dubu, with 5 Banchan (side dishes) and the cost?EIGHT DOLLARS! And the guy serving me asked several times if I wanted refills on my Banchan! Cheap and good! Now if it had fancy Video Music decor, and the 4 hot K-Pop girls from the megagroup 2NE1 were serving me with a smile and a beat, that would be cool too! But it wouldn't beCheap and good. Just good. Mister.
4	OK, our highs are only in the 80s so what am I supposed to eat?  Go to Mr. Tofu and have a bowl of some boiling hot sundubu.  I went here tonight on the recommendation of several Yelp friends.  I was not disappointed.There were only 2 tables occupied and service was quick.  I ordered the beef sundubu spicy hot.  I found their hot to not be as hot as I expected.  Next time, I'll ask for some extra spiciness.Before the soup came, he brought me 5 banchan dishes.  I especially enjoyed the kimchi and the pickled radish.When the soup came, he warned me that it was very hot (bowl and contents) and to take care.  The soup was excellent.  Good slices of beef, wonderfully soft tofu, and a hearty broth that was full of flavor.I can't give it 5 stars because this is the first sundubu I've had so I have nothing to compare it to.  Suffice it to say, I'll be back.  This is real comfort food Korean style!
3	Although I wasn't ecstatic about the food, the service was good. The guy who served us was very accommodating to our needs. Honestly, I don't think I can even give a proper review because I'm a vegetarian. Being named Mr.Tofu, I wrongly assumed that there would be some veggie dishes. To my dismay, there was 1. It was a cold tofu noodle soup. It literally had 3 ingredients. There was noodles, tofu broth (which I'm guessing was made from tofu juice), and ice. It tasted like tofu, which is bland without incorporating any outside elements. I had to eat kimchee with the soup in order to taste anything. The side dishes were good because they added flavor to my meal. I probably won't stop by unless I go back to eating meat.
4	I've become a fan of soon du bu when a friend took me to So Gong Dong in Hawaii (just a hole in the wall back then).  So when I came to Vegas, we decided on Kroean food for dinner, but I wanted some warm goodness in my tummy.  So we were on the hunt for good soon du bu, and wah-lah!  We found Mr. Tofu on Yelp!We arrived early (just before dinner) so they weren't busy at all. We each had a bowl of soon do bu and one side of Kalbi (two pieces).  The soon du bu was delicious and definitely made my tummy happy.  It came boiling hot.  They already cracked the egg in there for you before they brought it out.  I'm used to cracking my own egg inside for the fun of it.  The combination came with beef, pork, and seafood (shrimp, mussel, and I forget).  The kalbi was good too.  Just average meat, average taste.  I came more for the soon du bu.  We had 5 dishes of ban chan.  Kim chee, spicy squid, choi sum, zucchini, and turnip.  All good, especially since they didn't have beansprouts (which I really don't ltke!).  Wait staff was very friendly and asked if we wanted more ban chan.  They refilled our ban chan twice, some 3x!  They also kept refilling our water.  Great service, delicious food, and easy on the wallet too.  Next time I'm town, I'll be coming here again!
1	I don't get it. This place has amazing reviews. As a matter of fact this review is mostly about how I was charged. Me and my wife both ordered one entree mine was $8.00 and my wife's was $9.95. Out total bill came out to $26.92 and I'm not even to sure how that works out because at most with tax it should have been $19.40. So I don't really know where the extra $7.50 came from. To bad to because I'll probity never go back now too because of this. The thing that is disappointing is that the food was quite good though. I'm just a mostly confused and irritated about how I was charged.
1	I am very very displeased with this place. Don't get me wrong, the food was very very good BUT I am extremely upset with how our bill came out. My husband and I went with another couple and we split our bill. My dish was 9.95 and my husbands dish was 8 dollars.  Our bill somehow came out to $26.96! We calculated and it should have been $19.40 at the most. He added 25% tip and then some to our bill and I don't feel that it was appropriate. I absolutely will not go back due to this incident. I hope this helped.
5	Bravo, Mr Tofu!  We ordered:1)  Beef Noodle Soup - spice it up with that delicious hot sauce that he provides2)  Combo Seafood and Meat Tofu Soup with a bowl of rice, medium spice - OOOOhhhhhh!  I love this dish.  The soup comes bubbling and piping hot with load of seafood and meat.  Next time, I would just order the meat as the squid got cooked way too fast - but I won't drop any stars for Mr Tofu.3)  Dolsot Bibimbap - Wonderful blend of fried egg, vege and meat and rice and red bean sauce in that hot stone bowl.4)  Bulgogi on a hot plate with rice - delicious beef so tender.  A must eat at Mr Tofu!We will be back, Mr Tofu!
4	With a name like Mr. Tofu, the quintessential dish to try here must be one of their sundubu/soondubu stews, which is made of soft tofu, combination of meats (although veggie option with kim chee is available), a cracked egg, all served in a boiling mini cauldron of spicy chili broth at your table with rice and 5-6 sets of banchan (as I like to call them, Korean tapas), that have unlimited refills.Sundubu is like chicken soup for the Korean soul...the perfect comfort food  to warm you up on a cold day and guaranteed to get your sinuses flowing if you're feeling congested.  I wonder if sundubu is onomatopoetic for the baby sounds of pleasure one makes when they are savoring every delectable spoonful of hot magma goodness.  I ordered the combination seafood sundubu (clams, mussels, shrimp, and octopus) accompanied with rice, barley tea, and their banchan of the day.  Probably one of my favorite aspects of this place is in its simplicity.  The place is unpretentious, clean, the servers are attentive and courteous,  and they don't have an extensive menu but what they do offer, they execute very well.  My fellow yelpers are correct in their assessment that the banchan is up there amongst the best in town since they are all clean on the palate and are well balanced in seasoning.  Moving on towards the main event, I would have to give 5 stars for the broth since most places I have frequented it tends to be more soupy and watered down, whereas here, it not only looks nontransparent, but has rich depth in flavor and almost has a creamy texture even though no dairy is involved.  The best part of eating sundubu is taking that ridiculously long spoon and choosing a form of attack (I prefer #3):1) Eating a spoonful of soup and then eating rice2) Reverse of #13) Taking spoonful of rice and dunking into soup4) Spooning some soup into bowl of riceWhatever keeps you from burning your tongue or strikes the perfect note between spice and temperature, although I'm not a fan of the throw all the rice into the pot technique and you should probably try out for Jackass if you are even thinking of attempting the reverse.  Some purists prefer cracking the raw egg into the soup themselves, but I think the soup is served promptly enough where it is not critical.  The tofu itself gets 4 stars since there was nothing negative or mind-blowing about it, but I would give 3.5 stars for the seafood itself since the shrimp and clam were tender, but the mussels and octopus were overcooked but part of me is wondering if that was because I did not get to them early enough and they were left to continue cooking throughout my meal.  The other possibility was that they were necessary casualties contributing all their flavors into the stew itself....I may fetch them out with the big spoon upon arrival next time to determine the verdict.    Don't know where their sundubu stands amongst the major Koreatowns in North America, but definitely one of the most outstanding renditions I have had in quite some time.
4	I love Mr. Tofu. On the suggestion of so many friends and great reviews I decided to expand my new found love of Korean flavors and put myself into the hands of Mr. Tofu. I have spent the last year trying out many restaurants within the genre of my new favorite culinary flavor which is Korean style food. Mr. Tofu so far has been the place that I can often find myself dining at more than once a week. The food is really fresh and as so many others have said: delicious. On top of it all the prices are among the best I have seen. I often head straight for the dolsot bibimbap, and I'm a huge fan of their pickled jalapenos condiment, which I have seen no where else thus far. Two of us usually get out of there under $30 and usually with little or no room left in our bellies for more. It has a home-made flavor that you can really taste. The service is always kind and happy to serve you a great meal. Smiles and fast delivery of this quality goodness is another reason we go back so often. I am new to the Korean culinary delights, but so far Mr. Tofu is my favorite. Catch me there and Happy Eating!
5	Mr. Tofu is the man that keeps me warm throughout the winter  :) I've only tried their sundubu (tofu soup) and the kalbi. The Korean BBQ is similar to most places but what stands out is the tofu soup. They have several combos (meat/seafood, seafood, beef, pork, kimchi) with varying degrees of spiciness from mild to hot. I always order the pork/beef combo, not on the menu but they will make it for you by request.  I've ordered the meat/seafood combo before and the seafood generally becomes overcooked since I take my time to enjoy the soup....and I'm too lazy to peel the shrimp...so I go with the meat option.If I had to make a comparison, Tofu Hut across the tracks is the pimple faced brother while Mr. Tofu is the cute one with the dimples.  When I order the beef sundubu at Tofu Hut, I honestly don't know if it's meat I'm eating....Mr. Tofu on the other hand has identifiable meat and a soft silken tofu in a rich broth that just gives you a warm fuzzy feeling.  The soup consists of mushrooms, onions, scallions, nori flakes, and a cracked egg in a red pepper broth.  The banchan (side dishes...most of which are pickled) go on a rotation...so it is always a surprise as to what you will receive, but don't be shy there are unlimited refills...my personal favorites are the fish cake, candied potato, and bean sprouts.Since Mr.Tofu is a generous man, I'm sure he has enough tofu love to spread to all the ladies....and men out there ;)
4	Tried the hand made beef noodles.  Good portions and tasty.  Not much variety on side dishes, but they were all very delicious.
4	My girlfriend has been wanting to eat here for quite some time. Our Yelp friends recommend it. I wish they had better parking in that strip mall. The place was busy, but we were sat immediately. Not a lot of tables. The menu is not very big. I actually think that is a good thing. Do fewer things, but do them really well. My girlfriend ordered hot and spicy soup with beef. The galbi & bulgogi looked pretty good, but were around $15. They had homemade noodles for $8 and I recently discovered bibimbap. I asked the waiter. He recommended the bibimbap in a stone pot. The food took a while to come out. I tasted the sides that preceded the main course. Their kimchi was really good. I don't know how it should taste, but theirs is the best I've had. Nice spicy kick. The potatoes were good too. I did not care for the soup. The bibimbap was the best I've had. Plenty of beef. The rice got nice and crunchy. The sauce was spicy and sweet. The stone pot kept it hot until I finished the last bite. This is the best Korean food I've had in Vegas. We will be returning. I don't know if they bring the check to you or if you have to go to the register. There was only one waiter and he was working his tail off. I got tired of waiting for him and just went up to the register and stood there. The bill was just under $20.
4	Ate here for dinner before seeing Tiesto at XS club! The menu itself was simple and straightforward and I like menus that are like that because it could only mean that what they have on the menu is all good.  Me and my bf split the bulgogi dish and got two rice bowls plus side dishes to share. The beef was nicely seasoned and has a bit of sweetness from the marinade and there was a few pieces of onions and mushrooms with it too. The beef was tender and the sauce on the dish had really good flavors that I spooned over onto my rice. We noticed there was only one guy running the whole place and that was pretty impressive. At one point one of our friends dropped her silver spoon on the floor and the guy came back with a new one and knew it was her spoon that dropped, pretty crazy. This all happened when the place got pretty busy too. If you like simple Korean food then come eat here! It's not all too pricey either and very reasonable!
5	Best Sundobu in town!!!The space is cozy and clean.  The service is fast and friendly.  The food is authentic and awesome.  Sundobu is a hearty tofu soup made with vegetables, tofu, and a korean chili base.  It can range from mild to very spicy, and is a perfect accompaniment to chilly winter days.  Mr. Tofu offers Sundobu with your choice of pork, kimchi, beef, seafood, or mushrooms(not on the menu).  I went with the kimchi Sundobu made spicy, and honestly it's the best I've ever had.  It was rich and flavorful and just mmm mmm delicious!The banchan was good too, but really the soup is the star of this spot.  I enjoyed some tea and my soup for $12 including tip.  Between the value, service, and quality of Mr. Tofu, it's hard to imagine a better soup related experience.
5	went in having sundobu for the first time! the beef sundobu was soo good! I'm never the type to ever add salt or pepper to my food but it tasted so good with a bit of soy sauce! my bill was $17 for two people :) would definitely go again and bring more friends!
1	Walk in one afternoon to a restaurant thats crowded with one server. He tries his best to cater to all the customers but at the end I think he gets lots of funny stares.Do I think Mr. Tofu is good, honestly I think not. I ordered the tofu soup and add extra $7 for short ribs. Not only the short ribs are tasteless and burned, it is chewy and really low quality. I ordered the bulgogi too and to be honest with you, you should go to SOYO for korean food. I vow never to come back and would only eat at SOYO for korean food. One and done mr Tofu. U are not for me.
4	Yay, I finally hit up Mr. Tofu after bookmarking it for-literally-everrrrrrr!Sitting at my table I imagined the many raucous evenings here with the likes of Anthony M., Jieun L., Elnino F., Paolo D., Misti Y., Jade W., David S., and Angela H.  and I missed them!Eating alone I ordered the beef soon tofu - medium.  On the banchan register today: delectable steamed eggplant with green onion (ate it all!), radish kimchi, cabbage kimchi, watercress with crushed peanuts, and....evil celery.  When pretending that didn't exist, the meal was quite amazing!Rich and flavorful broth encompassed big blocks of soft tofu, thinly sliced beef, leeks and scallions, nori shreds, and that tasty surprise egg.  I took turns between the soon tofu, rice, and banchan.  This was a good deal.  Despite the waiter initially charging me for seafood instead of beef, the mistake was corrected quickly.I want to come back and have more tofu!!!!
4	My Tofu joint, When I'm craving spicy Korean Flavors I go here. Kim Chi Soon Tofu: 5/5 I love their Kim Chi Soon Tofu its a lot better than Tofu huts, It's less salty and you get more tofu chunks rather than bits and crumbled pieces. I love how they serve it fresh hot off the burners and its still boiling with you first get it. I get it with a raw egg on top because I love to drown the raw egg into the soup so it cooks it and later on finding it.Seafood Combo: 4/5 My boyfriend got this and it was delicious a lot more seafood than Tofu huts. He seemed very happy with his order I didn't taste it but my boyfriend said it wasn't as salty as other Tofu places we've tried but he did mention he wished they had bigger portions (my boyfriends a big eater)Sides: 4/5 Their sides vary every time you go, but my favorite combinations of their 5 are seaweed salad, kimchi radish, kimchi , fish cakes, this cold clear noodle. Very Delicious. Also they're refillable bottom less you can say! Price: 4/5 Decent its only $8 bucks very cheap and delicious and healthy. Tofu is good for you and so is Kimchi.
4	After reading the reviews of Nelson Q and Bobby Y I decided to try the dolsot bibimbap. I should have waited for it to cool off when it arrived at the table but made the rookie mistake of diving in the second it was set in front of me. The result was me burning my tongue and it still hurts a couple days later. It was so delicious that I couldn't stop eating it. The crispy rice was the best part of it, but the other ingredients were pretty amazing too.The banchan were tasty, as was the side of galbi. The beef sundubu was pretty good but on future visits I don't think I can pass on the dolsot bibimbap. The price and value of everything was excellent -- plenty of bang for your buck.
4	Mmmmmmmmmmmm Mr.Tofu, one of my favorite places to go to!For some reason, I have to go to Mr.Tofu on a rainy day in Vegas for some Korean deliciousness.I usually get Pork Sundubu and it's delicious! There is a lot of pork bits inside and of course, a lot of tofu! I've also tried their Pork Bulgogi and it's excellent as well! All their food is a bit on the salty side, but I've actually come to a conclusion that all restaurants in Vegas make their food a little bit salty. I have no idea why. Anyways, Mr.Tofu is a great place to go on regular basis for some consistent Sundubu!
5	Great tofu soup and hot pot bibimbap.
4	You will probably get slapped if you tell someone in Taiwan that you want to eat their tofu.  But here at Mr. Tofu, you can say it as often as you like, as long as you have the stomach to put it away.There are so many Korean restaurants in Las Vegas where you can get your sundubu on, most of the ones I have tried all are decent or better.  But thanks to Yelpers deciding to visit their favorite sundubu spot after an event, I finally made it to Mr. Tofu, and their version is above average.For those that enjoy ordering off the menu, they do have mushroom sundubu for your enjoyment.  But I usually just stick to the beef, mixed or seafood sundubu with medium level spiciness (plenty of heat to unclogged stuffed up noses), which are great especially on cold and windy nights.  It is served to your table scolding hot, so be patient or blow on it to cool it down, before you burn your tongue and can't taste anything for a few days.  Their bibimbap is also pretty good, but sundubu is the main reason for coming here.Their ban chan is good, and if you like a particular one and finishes it, you can always ask for more.Eat Tofu!
5	Ahhh their tofu soup is delicious! It comes out super hot so make sure to let it cool real well since that heat (temperature) is going to kick up that spice. There are two levels I think. We were asked, "Medium or hot?" My friend and I both went with hot. We had this feeling that it couldn't possibly be that hot. When most American/Americanized menus state that their dish is hot, it's NOT hot (ie. orange chicken or Hooters), but at Mr. Tofu... Hot means HOT. It was fine for me but for most people, I think it's going to make you ask for a pitcher of water.
3	Good food, service was OK, price is average. It's a very typical place for tofu pot. I'll definitely visit again.
3	Ah, Mr. Tofu. The sundubu here was good and has a flavor that is slightly reminiscent of a seafood broth, even though I ordered mine with pork. It's probably the nori strips they garnish with.The broth here at Mr. Tofu is thinner than what I am used to, and it arrives at the table with the egg already in it, which for me, meant an overcooked egg. I like to mix in it just when the whites have almost set, but the yolk is still runny. They also don't have a kimchi sundubu option if I recall correctly. The banchan here is good but they didn't have any potato salad, which is a shame because korean potato salad is a thing of beauty.Overall, this is a good place for sundubu although I prefer another place a couple doors down in the same plaza. I would come back to try their chicken soup though.
2	Half of the menu feature kalgooksoo (hand cut noodle soup) and sujebi (gnocchi like flour noodle soup) in addition to soon tofu.  My 15 year old daughter has been craving sujebi ever since She tried them in Korea a couple of years ago and my 11 year old boy is a noodle fanatic like me so i ordered two Sujebi and kimchi soondoobu,  and galbi (ribs).I was told they were out of flour so no sujebi or noodles (at 6:30 pm). Banchan (side dishes) were very basic of four or five dishes and we didnt finish any of them.  For a restaurant that features  soondoobu, it was unremarkable.  They put in the egg for you instead of giving you the option at the table.The galbi was minimally seasoned and extremely fatty.  We left half of it unfinished.  There is no excuse for a Korean restaurant to mess up a galbi. Its one of the most basic of Korean dishes.Service was acceptable. Oh!  They charged for extra bowl of rice. Maybe I'm being overly critical but to me that is unacceptable at a Korean restaurant.With so many good Korean restaurants in the area I cant see any reason why  I would go back.
5	I'm so into korean food and have a kinda high requirement for that. But the tofu soup of this place is the best tofu soup i have ever had! :D
3	Home made noodles were good.  But the broth was bland. Bol sod bibim bop is good.
3	We had just gotten off the plane and were starving. As we headed to the strip, we passed this area and looked at the yelp reviews. The service was great and the portions were large. It was pretty good, not the best bim bim bop I've ever had, but good. I had the chicken noodle soup as well. It's a little pricey so even if it was 20% less, I think this place would get a ton more business. Either way, I don't think you can go wrong by stopping in here.
4	Fresh ingredients, quick service and clean establishment.First stop on a recent LV visit (11/2011) on a quest to find my way around dolsot bibimbap. I do not think I'll have to look much further. Good ratio of ingredients to rice, egg yoke wet enough to mix and bowl was super hot creating those crunchy tasty rice nuggets. Banchans (sides) were generous in portion and variety.Appears to be a family run restaurant. On my visit it looked as though the 2 sons ,about college age, were running the front during lunch. Good hustle in service unlike many fam-run places I've been to where those that don't choose to be there certainly show it.  Can't wait to return.
5	Yumm!! So glad I checked the reviews in the area and saw my fellow SLC Yelpy friend Sam V. gave this place the thumbs up. It did not disappoint and her review was spot on. We went with a group of friends in town for EDC and all tried different soups, all with different heat intensities. I had the kimchi tofu soup combination and it was flavorful and served bubbling, as it ought to be. the banchan were delicious. Great kimchi, great veggies, especially the broccoli. Yum, yum, yumm. I can't wait to go back. Everyone left happy!After dinner we shopped around the Chinatown plaza and surrounding area and picked up lots of great asian goodies we don't have in Utah. What a great night!
4	Was in town for WSOP at Rio.  Came over to Spring Mountain on dinner break and stumbled upon Mr. Tofu.  WOW was I lucky.  I just had Bi Bim Bap and it was great.Service was friendly and the waiter explained the menu to me.  I'll be back for sure.
5	They did not charge me to make it extra spicy with extra pork! What a great place to eat! Soon tofu is the best here in Las Vegas!
5	Very delicious and hearty tofu soup super close to the Vegas strip!  My friends and I were skeptical at first because the restaurant was pretty empty (granted we came around 5/6pm, so, pretty early I guess).  It also took us a long time to get our appetizers (almost to the point where we weren't sure if they served them there or not), but we realized that they were pretty short-staffed and the guy waiting on us and others was also the one prepping the sides as well.With the sort of long wait for food and empty restaurant aside... food was delicious!  The tofu soup was so rich in flavor (I ordered spicy kimchi beef, might've actually been too spicy.. ended up getting gastritis a couple days later! -___-).  One of my friends ordered the seafood tofu soup, which was packed with baby clams and shrimp, thumbs up on not skimping!  Prices are reasonable (they also take card), parking lot is right in front, waiter was cute- overall a good experience! Will be back next time we're in vegas!
4	BEST TOFU soup ever!!! Even in Los Angeles I can't find any tofu place thats as good as Mr.Tofu. There is just something about the soup!!Not much in free appetizers, especially when you compare to Socal tofu places, but the actual tofu soup makes it up 10 folds!Service is ALWAYS slow, they are always understaffed. Not very friendly but not rude either, if they were friendlier i would give a 5 star. Definitly come here for the food!If there is a line for the place and you think you should just go across the street to Tofu Hut, DON'T!!!!  Its the WORST tofu place ever! I find it ironic that the best tofu and the worst tofu soup i ever tasted are just across the street... I stop here every time i visit Vegas, and thats pretty often for those who knows me... If you haven't tried it, you simple MUST!
4	I stumbled into Mr. Tofu on a whim, and was not disappointed. True that you might wait a bit for even the side dishes, but they were all tasty so I didn't mind. I ordered the grandma-like chicken noddle soup. I say this because it tasted very homemade with a few sprinkles of love. My other half ordered the seafood tofu soup, and was very pleased. If you really like the strong taste of seafood, then you would love the seafood tofu soup. I could taste the shrimp heads. All in all, this is a good restaurant, but I wouldn't suggest going here if you are on the verge of starvation for you'd probably die by the time the side dishes came. Nice service though.
3	Mr. Tofu was ok for us. With all the review's we saw we wanted to stop by and check it out. I was expecting something more, like more chocies. They had a small menu but over all good food. I would say its a great little place for quick Korean food. Staff was really nice and kept on giving us more side items. Didn't try the soup or Tufu but had bimbob (stone pot) yum!
5	Still the best tofu soup I have ever had and I have been in Seoul for two months of the last year. This is about as authentic as this soup can get. Warning spicy means Korean spicy and if you aren't familiar with that then be prepared Koreans know spicey.
4	Can't beat late night $14 AYCE korean bbq fr 10pm til 3am.
5	Always a satisfying experience ... Great Bulgogi and my wife loves the soondubu.
2	I don't get the reviews.  I ordered the tofu soup from Mr. Tofu and it was just OK.  It's nothing special and to say it's better than the ones available in Los Angeles is blasphemy.I went there on a Saturday night and the place was empty.  Empty!  I had to verify the address on Yelp to make sure this was the same restaurant that everyone was raving about because we were one of two parties there.The soup was decent but I wish the "medium-spicy" wasn't as spicy because it ruined the taste of the dish.  I tried Tofu Hut across the street even though their reviews weren't as great and I personally loved their tofu soup way better than Mr. Tofu's tofu soup.  They were also cheaper for the seafood tofu soup!
5	Amazing service rich soup amazing side dishes.IT DOESN"T GET BETTER THAN THIS!an amazing break from the usual buffets in vegas!
4	I wondered in here when the line for Pho, a few doors down, was too long. I was really wanting something with good broth and I got more than what I was expecting. Medium spicy Soon Tofu Soup was amazing. The broth was full flavorful and the medium was the right amount of heat (hot would have been too much). I'll be craving this all the time now.
5	I go here every time I go to Vegas. I usually order the spicy pork with a spicy tofu soup. The waiters here are really friendly as well. I liked the tender and spicy pork with the soup. I recommend this place to everyone.
4	Small Korean restaurant in the vicinity of big name Korean restaurants in town (DJK, Mothers, Tofu Hut). But I think the price and taste at Mr. Tofu beats out the rest. Mr. Tofu specializes in their soondubu (soft tofu stew). The stews really have a different feel and taste according to whats mixed in with it - pork, beef or seafood. I personally love the seafood soondubu. It has a couple pieces of shrimp, clams, mussel and a cracked egg. You can pick the level of spice from non-spicy to spicy. I get the medium, which I think it's spicy. So if you're not accustomed to the heat, I would suggest you go down on the spicy scale. The seafood soondubu is $9. I've had their dolsot bibimbap (rice and veggies in a hot stone pot). This is okay, I've had better. Some carrots, spinach, zucchini, mushrooms on top of rice. You mix in the spicy sauce yourself to your liking. Leave some of the rice on the bottom of the hot stone pot to get it real crunchy. This is the best part of a dolsot bibimbap!They also have Korean BBQ. Kalbi, bulgogi and daeji bulgogi (spicy marinated pork). Their daeji bulgogi is pretty good for $15! Not too spicy and no extra fat in the dish making too greasy. I can tell whoever cooks this dish takes their time to prepare it right. Of course, nothing beats mom's Korean cooking at home. But when mom isn't able to cook, this place is pretty good for some fast cheap(-er) Korean food.
4	This place's tofu is already pretty good for Vegas even though not as good as the one in LA. Service is decent. Price is reasonable. It's good overall. I wish they offer more dishes.
5	I never thought I would be saying this, but I had the best tofu soup EVER in VEGAS. VEGAS out of all places. After waking up severely hung over, my siblings and I just wanted to get some hot soup into our system. Thank God this place wasn't too far from our hotel and totally cheap. The place is relatively small but it was crowded which is always a good sign. I never really thought that I would be eating Korean food in Vegas, but when the craving hits, you need to satisfy it. I ordered the dolsot bibimbap and it arrived piping hot with a ton of ingredients on top. Always appreciated with a dollop of spicy Korean pepper paste. We also ordered a variety of soon dubu and everything tasted delicious with plenty of fresh ingredients. Not to mention, the small side dishes were also nicely prepared and tasty. Next time I'm in Vegas, I am definitely stopping by! 5/5
4	This place's tofu is already pretty good for Vegas even though not as good as the one in LA. Service is decent. Price is reasonable. It's good overall. I wish they offer more dishes.
4	Great soon dubu! The best in vegas. Service can be a little slow but the food is great. I especially like the pork or beef soondubu. My go to spot
5	Did someone say SOONDUBU??!! I personally believe this is THE best spot soondubu. You can get pork, beef, seafood or combo. What more do you need?!! I typically always get the Spicy Pork Soondubu, Medium spiciness. SO good! The Banchan is good too and whatever you need more of, just ask and you shall receive!! It's inexpensive as well and one of my fave spots for a solo date~!
4	I always go to Mr. Tofu. The food is great but service is not that great. Theres only one server even if it's busy. He seemed he was having a hard time keeping up with many orders. He was polite though. I will return.
5	I'm addicted to their dolsot bibimbap with tofu instead of meat. Delicious!!
5	The food was very good.  The service was excellent.  We had the seafood combo (soon tofu), which was delicious.  Should have ordered 2.  We also ordered the dolsot bibimbap, which was also good.  The server was very helpful with his recommendations.
4	Had the seafood tofu soup, plain (not spicy), and it was perfect for that cold winter day. I didn't realize that the soup came with side dishes, which made this place a good bargain. I ended up trying the pork tofu soup a few weeks later, which wasn't as good as the seafood. Heck, don't even bother with the pork. The free tea that was served, I don't know what it was, was also excellent.The service was generally non-existent after you get your food, and I experienced this twice. Once the food comes out, the server doesn't bother to check up on you, refill the water/tea, or give you the check. Hence, minus one star.Ditch the hand-drawn noodles. Huge serving, but it was bland and not anything special. It's all about the tofu soup!
5	Affordable $8 tofu soup! Delicious and comes with awesome banchan and your choice of spiciness level for the soup. The rice is also yummy and the ice water comes in cute little metal cups. There is always one waiter who does all the work and he still manages to never leave anyone waiting for too long (you need to signal him over sometimes though, which I don't mind at all). I love that the menu is simple as well. I wanted to try the noodles in chilled broth but they didn't have it the one day I decided to order it so I stuck with my usual pork soon dubu. I don't know if it's just my own preference but I liked that the waiter doesn't come to our table every 2 minutes. I find that very refreshing in a restaurant.I've had soon dubu from so many different places that I'm always pleasantly surprised when I eat here. It's delicious and cheaper than most of its Las Vegas counterparts.
4	good banchan, great soondubu with egg, perfect hangover food.
5	Food is delicious!We are vegan and ask for take the meat and egg from the dish and substitute for tofu and with no excuse the young guy said yes no problem!The little side dishes that come with korean food was amazing, the kimchi delicious and all of them we asked for more and receive 2 times more!It is the best korean food we have had eaten! And believe me, we had done around a lot trying different places where they have korean food!The best ever!
4	Looking for a nice warm ooey gooey bowl of tofu soup on a chilly winter night? This is the place to go. The tofu is velvety creamy perfection. I crave this dish when it's overcast and rainy outside. Just completely warms your insides up. For those who aren't familiar with Korean hot pot soup- it's a stone pot soup filled with soft tofu. You can pick the soup to also have beef or seafood. You can also pick the level of spiciness from mild all the way up to sweat-dripping tongue panting hot. It also comes with the traditional Korean side dishes of pickled veggies, kimchee, etc. Come try it for yourself!
4	great cold noodles, soondubu was okay better at mothers but people here were awesome.
3	This place is ok. I got the beef tofu soup and felt like it was pretty plain. Wasn't too salty and doesn't seem like enough tofu. The egg is tossed in for you so be aware of that. The side dishes weren't many compared to some of the other Korean tofu places I've been to. I probably wouldn't come back again. The server was really friendly though and seems like a lot of people know one another here.
2	Came here on a week night. Place was not packed. But like other reviewers had mentioned, the service was slow. There was only one guy handling every table and we definitely waited a long time before we even saw him.The sides were very little, quantity and variety. And it wasn't served until we got our tofu soup (which left me sitting there hungry while we waited for our food; compared to other places where the sides are brought out right away to tie you over until the tofu soup came out). We did get a refill on our sides but I honestly think it might have been because he overheard me mention how other people had wrote it was tough to get a refill. I didn't like the fact that my rice didn't come in the stone pots. It just came in a metal bowl. I like the crunchy rice at the end!As for the tofu soup itself, it was decent. However by the end of the meal, I was still feeling hungry (and usually I'm never hungry after eating at a tofu place). For a tofu soup, there wasn't that much tofu in it at all! I found myself spoon/searching for tofu!Tried it once. Don't think I'll be coming back.
3	Reviews were right, slow, slow service!!! However very affordable, $8 bucks for a Tofu soup, Pretty good soup, very simple menu too, as far as $7 bucks for 2 small ass pieces of Kalbi Galbi Short ribs... Kind of a rip off as you can buy a pound already marinated for around $5 bucks per pound at your local Korean market...
1	Be careful not to double tip!!!!!The first time we came here everything was A-OK. No problems. I'm thinking, I'll come back again and review this place when i have multiple visits. Unfortunately, the second visit was the last visit for me. Our waiter took it upon himself to give himself a 18% tip automatically. We were just a party of 4 with a baby. I saw him do the same thing to a Korean couple with three kids. I cant believe he had balls to do that to a fellow Korean.  Some Korean restaurants I go to take care of other Koreans preferentially. C'mon, you know it's true!  At least, our waiter that day was an equal opportunistic,egotistical, person with an endeavor for shady business practices on all people. He took 18%...above average tip (typical for 6 or more in a party) for some lack luster service. He didn't even refill our glasses with water once.  Maybe I wouldn't be so pissed if he just took a 15% tip or if there was something stating gratuity was automatically added to the bill...guess he thought highly of his level of service though.   Hell, if he just refilled our water I would have given him a 20% tip. I was in the F&B industry, I know how it goes. Immaculate service earns 30% from me...easy. Maybe he thought he was the bombdiggity of a server or was just tired of foreigners visiting Vegas and stiffing him. Heck, I sympathize. Europeans and some Asians from abroad don't tip diddly.In addition to the tipping escapade, my sister asked our waiter for a bowl behind the counter.  He was unnerved and said he would bring it to our table. 5-7 minutes later the bowl arrived.  He was too busy calculating and counting his tips.  No kidding! The bowl was right behind him. He could have just turned around, grabbed the bowl behind him and handed it to my sister. Unbelievable! I guessed that earned him his auto-tip, in his mind.  Could be a new thing in Vegas too when 5 or more are gratuity included now. Would be nice to know If that's the case.Nothing about gratuity is stated anywhere and he failed to mentioned he added the tip already.  Our bill just had the total. Almost double tipped him.  Good thing we fought over who would pay.  Wouldn't have noticed otherwise.Anyways the soondubu (tofu soup) here is pretty good despite only receiving a handful of banchan items.  If you do come here though check your bill first.  Or don't check it...maybe you'll receive average service and the auto-tip is OK with you.  I highly doubt it though. That guy just does the basics and delivers your food.I can't believe it took another bad experience at a restaurant to get me to write a review on Yelp again.  Geez!
3	It was ok nothing special... One guy for the whole place it took a while to get the guy to our order! The food was ok but it didn't "wow" me... Tasted lower than my expectations....
5	My favorite suntofu place!! I always recommand this place to my friends when they want to eat korean food.
5	Still the best soondubu in the business. There was a brief lull in flavor due to a different pepper powder, but rest assured Mr. Tofu is still king! An extremely special soondubu flavor here, haven't found any other recipe that even comes close. Banchan are always made fresh daily and are consistently a well-balanced salty, sweet and hot. Don't forget to try the Dolsot bibimbap as well.Mr. Tofu is boss! I would stack its flavors up against the best Korean in LA, NYC, SF, SEA and YVR.
5	Still the best soondubu in the business. There was a brief lull in flavor due to a different pepper powder, but rest assured Mr. Tofu is still king! An extremely special soondubu flavor here, haven't found any other recipe that even comes close. Banchan are always made fresh daily and are consistently well-balanced salty, sweet and hot. Mr. Tofu is boss! I would stack their flavors up against the best of Korean in LA, NYC, SF, SEA and YVR.
2	living in Las Vegas for a few weeks and I decided to experience their version of asianness and see how it compares to my southern california experiences. this location is found in a large plaza surrounded by other asian stores and restaurants which is typical. I immediately glanced at the menu as soon as i sat down and noticed that there was not an option for both meat and tofu soup together as a combination. instead you have to order soup then for 7$ more you can have a small plate of kalbi (ribs) but i was craving bulgogi. So small plate of ribs plus the soup and  a limited amount of the appetizer plates (kimchee and stuff) for about 16$. taste was average but the disappointment comes from the size of the servings.
4	I'm pretty picky when it comes to eating soon tofu because for one I hate smelling like tofu soup and kbbq and it sticks. If I'm going to eat something that makes you smell, it better be good!I found this place in chinatown and it was good! The soup was flavorful and they tended to my needs. I ask for a lot of condiments and I alter my food quite often. But overall, a great experience. They give banchan(side dishes) so its like little appetizers for you like most korean places. It kind of fills in the time you wait for your food. I always get the combination with the beef and seafood. The beef is tender and the seafood is just yummy.They usually only have 1 working the floor so thats the downside. They get help from the kitchen but sometimes the service isn't as up to par if you're eating in. I have dined in but mostly take to go. I didn't dock an extra star and felt they deserved 4 because they don't forget my alterations and always make sure I have what I need when I pick up my food.Worth a try if you're craving tofu soup!
3	We came here on a Wednesday evening and ordered 1. Seafood Combo soup, 92. Kim Chi soup, 83. 2 orders of dolsot bibimbap, 9.95for 45.89- Their Kim Chi and Seafood soup was delicious. Hits the spot on a cold desert night. Seafood a bit chewy and overcooked. Tofu was soft. - Nice small variety of Banchan! Taste is average, E-Jo Korean deserves more recognition. - Server says we don't have barley tea tonight. Fail. Tofu house without barely tea? Are you kidding me? "Let me see what I can do....We have barley tea." Haha! - Their Hot Stone Bibimbap was good compared to its competitors. But compared at $10 to a Fast food Korean restaurant in Irvine H-Mart called Sobahn Express for something similar for $7, it puts it to shame with better taste and price. Haha.  - I think what disappointed me the most was the high hype this place has. It's pretty much sub-par to BCD Tofu House, A restaurant that is all over Southern California. But I wouldn't mind coming here for an occasional quick fix for soup only. I'd probably go to Tofu Hut for bulgogi since they serve tofu soup along with the meal.
4	Loved this place.Was craving Korean food after heavy night of drinking, and decided to come here for some soondooboo (Tofu Soup).We came around 1... started getting packed and there was only one lady who worked there. Honestly, I didn't care because it's Vegas. Are they even Koreans that live here??? I ordered Beef Tofu Soup - oh YUM YUM YUM. I loved it. Very authentic. Trust me, I know my Korean food, all I eat is Korean food. Also added Short Rib for $7, and tofu soup was about $9?I loved their side dishes, it felt like I was eating my mom's side dishes. She's a chef, mostly with Korean food. I felt like I was home.Everyone go here.WHY a 4-star? Because I wouldn't eat here if it was in California. Because unlike BCD or Koba, their meat quality lacked, and they did not serve fish on the side :(
5	Great food, Korean sides with every main dish, friendly staff and very clean place. I'll be back.
5	Delicious side dishes! The Combination is the usual and is so cheap, flavorful and filling! A hidden gem in LV, you won't be disappointed!
5	I can't say anything different from the many other yelpers who have waxed eloquent about this delightful eatery.  Service was fast and friendly, the place was super clean, and the food was "party in the mouth" yummy.  Our bulgogi was perfect, the sundubu was spicy and filling, and the various banchan both appeased and teased our appetites.  Check it out!
4	When i walked in here, I felt like I was in a time warp..... This place was say decorated by someone with little more skill than me..... I would not say inviting or especially welcoming, but......I really enjoyed the food here and this is why they get the 4 star.  The only thing that could have pushed them to a 5 would have been better service but this is a fantastic Korean restaurant....Never having had this food until as an adult, I can tell you in beginning I was not impressed and only ate the Korean BBQ,  but about 28 years ago, I was working in Korea and fell in love with the food!There are three simply reasons to come here and if the three are speaking to you, move on to another restaurant...Soondobu - If you like the nice spicy soft tofu soup, this is the place to go!  When yelpers Lisa S. say this is like their mothers pork soondobu or Christopher S give it a good review, I gotta try it.  You can pick the spice level.  And, like Lisa says, this is something like you expect home made from your mom or grand ma. and Like Christopher S says, you have to do the soup, rice mouth, or the rice soup mouth routine to eat this properly!Samgyetong - Korean Ginseng Chicken - I have spent many a winters in the early days in Korea doing work and it is freezing cold to the bone.  This soup is so delicious, warming and darn right simple that it always harkens in my memory the best of Korean dining family or peasant style.  This is a simple soup.  If you like complex thick soups that are overpowering, this will taste more like hot dishwater to your tastebuds.  However, if you have a delicate palate and very delicate tastebuds, you will know that this dishwater of soups is absolutely more rich and flavorful and refreshing!  The chicken itself is bland as well, it is boiled in water with minimal herbs, but it is so underwhelmingly just right.  It is hard to describe.  Simple yet satisfying. I guess it is like have a grilled cheese sandwich.  Simple yet satisfying....Ban Chan - I love all types of the small dishes of Korean pickled or spiced vegetables and here the selection is the best.  They had gobo, celery, cabbage, white radish, bean sprouts, cubed radish, and watercress.  Yummy.So, if any of these are speaking to you, gotta get over here. If not, well, you will probably not care too much for this place.....GK says....check it out!
4	A quant little tofu house, simple and welcoming, We had the seafood combo which was delicious and surprisingly really really spicy and the bibimbap which was also pretty goodthe banchan was pretty good as well, limited amount of dishes but still enjoyed itoverall a good place for kfood!
4	If Mr. Tofu asked me to be Mrs. Tofu I would definitely say "yes" - especially if he'd serve me banchan, bulgogi and dolsot bibimbap every day. This is exactly the meal we had. Skip the other places in this strip mall and come here - but be prepared to wait. The service is not fast but the food is excellent. The bulgogi was 14.95, ten dollars cheaper than a place a few doors down. The dolsot bibimbap was 9.95 in a hot stone pot. The resulting crunchy rice that cooked in the bottom of the pot was delicious! Highly recommend for a K-food fix, which we were badly in need of after skipping breakfast to play slots at the Gold Coast.
2	As you can see, this place has gone downhill.  The service was never great, but my last experience tells me that it's worse and the food is not that great.  If you live in Vegas. then this is an OK option. If you're used to good Soondoobu in other cities like LA and the Bay area, then you'll be disappointed. Side dishes are weak here and they never come back to refill anymore.
4	I love the soondubu here. I remember my first time here and I made a rookie mistake of ordering plain (no spice whatsoever) soondubu since I'm not a big fan of spicy food. It was a clear broth of blah! Bring on the red spicy paste!After a few trips here, I've been getting the medium spicy soondubu. I either get the #4 beef soondubu or #1 combination soondubu - without seafood since I'm allergic. We've also tried the dolsot bibimbap, galbi and bulgogi. They'll give you rice and banchan.Dolsot Bibimbap:Rice topped with egg, veggies and meat. Bibimbap isn't supposed to be loaded with meat so, if you're a big carnivore, you should not get this. Add lots of spicy red paste depending on your spicy tolerance. 4/5Soondubu:You have to get at least medium spicy otherwise, you're wasting your time. There's lots of tofu and meat. The broth is great and perfect if you have a cold. Yummm...5/5The galbi and bulgogi aren't spectacular but they're both good. But the main reason to come here is the soondubu.
4	Well-priced tofu soup and this is a joint that seems popular for soondubu fans. You'll also get side dishes, which I don't care for personally (I'm a fan of Tofu Hut's side dishes). I've never gotten anything other than soondubu from here but you'll get the choice of spicy levels as well as having no spice (plain white). I'm a pansy so I usually get no spice at all. It's too much for me to handle (I'm weak) and I rather not have a runny nose :b. Always try their combo tofu if it's your first time. You get a mix of everything. I personally am a beef fan.Service is pretty decent. If they're busy, just signal for them over and they're there!Perfect place to drop by often during the winter months :0).
3	Okay, I know I'm from Philly and Philly is not known for having amazing Korean restaurants. That being said, I think Philly is blessed to have one of the best soondubu (soft tofu) houses on the east coast. I'm a little spoiled when it comes to soondubu restaurants. So this place was okay in comparison.The location: It was close by the strip so when my friends and I were craving some filling, soupy, Asian food, this was easily one of the closest, most affordable places that came up.The price: Affordable. It might even be cheaper than my beloved Jong Ka Jib back home in Philly. Also there is a $10 limit on credit cards, so if you're looking to pay for just one soondubu, bring some cash.The service: There seemed to be ONE server for the entire place - for filling water, for bringing food, for hosting, for cashier, for taking orders. Just one guy. It was hard to get his attention, and I'm impressed that this place could be open with just one employee for the front of the house. But still, there were times where he would idle by in the back area of the place and I would be pining for some water or more banchan. He did indeed bring more spinach when asked for it; I was nervous to ask for the other side dishes after reading some reviews here.The food: The side dishes are tiny, but decent. The soondubu itself is good. I ordered the pork one. Not as much tofu as I am used to, but a lot more chunks of pork. It wasn't pork belly, like how I am used to in my pork soondubu, but I think pork shoulder or butt? I am not sure. But I wish I could give this place 4 stars based on how much meat they gave me. I was a little upset that they cracked in the egg already for me - I am very picky with my egg. I was one of the lucky ones at my table that managed to have a soft, runny yolk. But other than that, the food was filling, yummy, and filled with meat.I really wish I could give this place 4 stars, but the place itself was a little shoddy, the side dishes were not memorable, and the service was meager at best. The menu is also a little limited. If you don't mind all that is wrong, then come for some soondubu that is comparable to mom's (but not really, since mom's is best).
3	I hate to give this place only 3 stars when everyone else seems to love it here.  The food was alright; nothing spectacular.  The interior was plain; it reminded me of restaurants in old China only a lot cleaner.  The service seemed to be a bit insufficient.  Our server seemed to be the only server there, and he didn't visit our table that many time.  So I am only giving this restaurant 3 stars because the food was a-ok and the service was a-ok...
5	I had the kinchee tofu soup (spicy) for an early lunch. One of the best kimchee tofu soup dishes I've ever had!Service was very prompt and the restaurant was clean. I would eat here again when I'min the mood for a killer kimchee tofu soup!I'll definitely be back here again!
3	Being from the Bay Area, I have to say I am pretty spoiled with good Korean food. So when we came here for lunch before heading back to the bay after a great weekend with great company I was expected some spicy soft tofu soup and Korean BBQ. I got the seafood combo xxxx spicy and shared the Korean BBQ ribs with the bf. The soup was spicy but not spicy enough and the BBQ ribs were chewy. The ban chan kinda suck too. Oh and minus another star for super sloooooowwww service. I probably wont come back even if I was in town and is craving tofu soup.
3	I gave this place a second try on the tofu soup. I don't think I will go back there again for tofu soup. As I walked in there was only one waiter. Not to busy. My girlfriends and I order mushroom tofu soup. Even though it's not on the menu he said they can make it. I'm thinking, YES, they can put all the different a mushrooms and it was going to taste yummy! We also ordered Dolsot bibimpap.As we waited, the side dishes came out. It wasn't anything to rave about. Our soup came out, we looked and there was only your all American button mushrooms :( Where was the enoki mushrooms? Oyster mushrooms? The flavor of the broth not rich, only spicy which I do love spice. The Dolsot bibimpap was very small. Also, by the time we got half way finished with the soup, they never gave us a raw egg to crack. Just then, I thought, maybe we should have just went across the street to the Hut! Darn... Next time, no more second chances. I gave this place three stars because the place was clean, the waiter was nice, and he refilled our waters pretty often. There are better places on Spring Mountain for bibimpap and tofu soup.
5	Excellent food for the price. The wife and I enjoyed the tofu soup.
5	Best tofu soup and LA kalbi in Las Vegas!I am a regular customer of Mr. Tofu. I love their pork tofu soup and LA Kalbi. Price is very reasonable as well. I want to give them more than 5 stars!
4	When I have been there I am one of just a couple of non-Asian people there, so that is a good sign. I really like the kimchee tofu soup (soondubu) and the bulgogi. They also give you the little side dishes, which I really like. They soup comes out steaming hot in a stone bowl. One tip - don't take the tofu soup home to eat the next day. The tofu absorbs all the liquid and you will have a big hunk of spicy tofu.
5	I am SO sad that Mr. Tofu is only in Vegas. Whenever I am hungover anywhere in the world, I crave tofu soup and only tofu soup from Mr. Tofu!!Im kind of a Vegas groupie and go every chance I have. Work/personal Vegas is my choice of weekend getaway with the girls. And every chance I get to be in Vegas.. I say hello to one special man, Mr. Tofu.Ask any one of my friends. They will laugh and tell you about my obsession with this place. I LOVE the tofu soup here, idno what they do to it but I've never had better, spicier, more flavorful tofu at any other Korean restaurant. Even in ktown!! The soup is always boiling and flavorful. When I ask for spicy, it is actually spicy unlike many other restaurants in California. The side dishes are amazing and the service is always on point. One time I went with the guys and we ordered 10 tofu soups to go, they were super accommodating and even gave us side dishes to go!The only downside is that the location is off the strip meaning you have to take somewhat of a long cab ride from any hotels on the strip... Which isn't fun when you're hungover and feel like death.I MISS IT!! Thinking about rounding up the troops for another trip so I can eat this the day after......
5	The soup is amazing!
4	This is Jenny D.'s favorite soondubu spot so I tagged along one day. I had been here before but usually just order bulgogi or the spicy pork.  Today I decided to try the soondubu, which I have never had before. It was really good, but I have nothing to compare it too. I did feel it was too much tofu and not enough meat, but I may be biased because I'm a big meat-eater. The soondubu is served with rice and banchan, so that was nice. It's a lot of food and so cheap.
5	This place really hits the spot. The owner is very nice. I ordered the seafood soup with tofu and it's crazy good! Legit Korean restaurant. My bf had his bulgogi and it was very tasty. Meat was very well seasoned. I'm used to having more than 5 side dishes at other places but no worries, there are refills. The menu isn't the biggest but at least they execute the dishes well.
4	I don't think this is the best Korean place I've ever had, but this is a good spot for Vegas. In a city populated by Asian restaurant, it was surprising to me that a Korean place was so hard to find. If you are in the rio or the palm, this is a very close drive. Otherwise, it's a little harder but definitely worth the drive.
4	Going off ratings, this seemed to be the best Korean tofu place in town. Going off taste, it very likely is.Located in that one hellish strip mall on Spring Mountain between Valley View and whatever the next street over is, Mr. Tofu is pretty accessible from the highway. Parking may be a little iffy depending on the time of day and how busy its neighbors are, and the lot is just so narrow compared to everything else. Still, it's worth the trip.It was pretty obvious to everyone that we should order the Soon tofu, aka soondubu/sundubu (spelling variations). I went for the combination (still $8.00) with a mild spicy level. Everybody else went with medium.It didn't take very long for them to bring out our literally boiling hot soups in stone bowls. Based on the colors, it's pretty clear that mine was actually milder than everybody else's, but I'd still say it's a solid 2.5 or 3 on a scale of 10. I was sweating the whole time due to the combination of hot temperature and capsaicin!The flavor, heat aside, was pretty good throughout the soup, and I enjoyed the tofu as much as I did the beef, pork, shrimp, mussel, and egg. (By the way, the egg at other places comes intact for you to crack open, but they've already cracked it into your bowl here.) I particularly enjoyed the flavor and texture of the mussel that I got. Combination is definitely the way to go, unless you wanna pony up that extra Washington for the purely seafood option.I'm not much of a banchan person, but I didn't see anything wrong with the veggies or kimchee or whatnot. I enjoyed the sweet mushrooms quite a bit though. Wouldn't have minded a second helping of that.I've only had soondubu once before, and this experience is much more memorable. I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a hot bowl that's not ramen or pho.
5	I've tried several Tofu soup spots, but personally this one's my FAVE! It's packed with a punch ("medium" spice is super spice, so be careful), and it doesn't feel watered down. It's almost creamy, is the best way to describe. Sides are just "ok"....but the soup is soooo good, and the price is so cheap (8-9 bucks per soup, including sides and rice), I don't care what sides are served that day! (It varies each visit).
5	I'd like to personally shake Mr Tofu's hand.  While I cannot medically prove it, I am 100% certain that their soondubu contains undefined healing properties.  Some how some way, I always feel better after a meal here.  Got a cold?  Screw the Nyquil and get the spicy kimchi soondubu.Bad day at work?  Beef soondubu=good f'n dayBroken leg?  Just splash a little pork soondubu broth on your leg and it'll probably heal instantly.  Venereal disease?  Wait a couple of minutes before pouring it all over your crotch since it comes out piping hot.  Don't want to scare the other customers with your screaming.  Perhaps the seafood soondubu would be best for this.    At $8 a bowl, even my wallet feels better!
3	Their soon dubu was pretty decent. The kal guksu was a bit of a let down, but it's just my comparison to versions I've had at other places. I would honestly rate somewhere between 3 and 4 stars, but there wasn't anything that really impressed me about the place.
4	When mi amiga suggested Mr. Tofu for dinner, I read the glowing reviews of my Yelp pals first and then had to do a bit of research on what exactly soondubu is.  For the uninitiated, uninformed ones like myself:  soondubu jjigae, aka sundubu, aka Soon tofu: soft tofu stew served in a clay pot (ddukbaegi) which can be heated directly on the stovetop. The silky tofu is served with your choice of beef, pork, or the seafood combination plus vegetables at your desired level of spiciness and then a raw egg is added right before the pot is brought to the table, bubbling hot.  Wow!  My friends know I'm a wimp when it comes to spicy food, so I ordered the mild beef soondubu.  We were served banchan (Korean side dishes) and white rice first, followed by the soondubu--who needs Vicks?  It was just the right level of spiciness for me, but because it's so hot, my sinuses cleared up right away, even though they didn't need to be.  Make sure you have a napkin or tissue handy to wipe your nose.  We had ordered galbi, too, but it was just okay.  The main attraction is the soondubu and now I've been schooled.  It was delicious and I'm happy to say that I'm no longer one of the uninitiated.
4	The soondubu was so good! Now it should be add on one of my fav dishes, medium spicy was perfect for me. Service was nice, very friendly. Definitely recommend!
5	I love this place! I'm a regular, so they know that I like my soondobu extra, extra spicy. There's usually no wait to get seated. Sometimes it gets crowded; you just have to be patient when that happens. For me, it's worth the wait. The people that work here are courteous and hardworking. I never feel rushed to pay or leave. You really get a great value because you get small side dishes (usually vegetables) and barley tea for free.
4	Hey, even in 100 degree weather a girl has scalding hot soondubu cravings. This was our second time going out for soondubu in Vegas and this time it was a lot more promising. The place was bright and clean. The menu was simple and easy to navigate. Also, the service was quick and friendly. The ban chan was not too sweet or too salty, they were all for the most part lightly pickled and lightly sour. They were all refreshing. I chose the beef soon tofu $8 and my boyfriend ordered the daegi bulgogi (spicy marinated pork) $14.95.I ordered my soon tofu soup spicy and they brought it out bubbling with the egg already cracked inside the soup. The soup stayed scalding hot for a while, so don't even try to rush and eat it. It was a nice big filling portion. It had large chunks of soft and silky tofu, mushrooms, and spices. They don't hesitate on the spice levels here. It was a dry spice so it's the type of heat that hits you in the back of your throat. It wasn't over salted or sweet like some other places. Most of the flavor I tasted was the spice, so it was pretty bland. Overall, it's not the best I've personally had, but I was able to make it taste better by throwing all of the kimchi and kimchi juices into my soup. By doing that it added salt, sweetness, and much needed flavor. The spicy pork was great. It seems pricey, but they do give a large sharing sized portion. We asked for it spicy and they delivered. The pork was moist, sweet, spicy and salty. Rather addicting, I might add. It stayed crazy hot on the stone platter it comes sizzling out on, so be careful not to burn you're tongue. A great cure for what ales ya!
5	Best tofu soup in vegas.My favorites are:Seafood tofu soupPork tofu soupDolsot bibimbopPork bulgogiBanchan has clean taste and seasoned well.
4	This place is one of the most decent places to eat korean food in vegas. The food is really good here the sundobu I usually get the pork one and it is spot on. It is not greasy like some other places I have tried in town. The dolsut bibbimbap is one of the best I tried as well. It comes in a stone pot so the food stays at temperature but it is super hot at first. They also make it the perfect amount of spicy for me which I love. Great food must try.
4	Probably the best soon tofu place in Vegas. They only have one server there working most of the time though but the service is decent and courteous.
5	I love Mr. Tofu!!!! We had Bibimbap and combination tofu soup. They are so good. The soup was soooo good with rice. Great value!
1	All foods are recycled.  I went there yesterday and found out all foods including main dishes and side dishes are recycled.
5	Excellent! I had the Seaford Combination and my husband had the Dolsot Bibimbap. Both were wonderful.  The sides were also very good.  The Kim chi was some of the best I've had.
3	I decided to try this place since we pass by it plenty of times. You pretty much get what you pay for. I had the beef soon tofu which was pretty good, flavorful and meaty. The side dishes that comes are also pretty tasty. I just wish they would offer more items in the menu. Im pretty sure there is plenty of things to do with tofu. Other than that no complaints. The staff was pretty friendly and made sure you are taken care off. The place is also spacious, so plenty of space for everyone!
4	Based on what I had, which was the beef and tofu soup.Pros:-soup was very good and the price was great, only $8-very filling, it came with rice and banchan, which included kimchi, daikon, papaya, and a green (don't know what it was called). The rice and banchan was good.-friendlyCons: no cons, have only been there once.The chicken, beef short ribs, and pork looked reasonably priced (around $15). Will try it next time.
4	Went there for lunch today. The place is next to Hot N juicy. Not big, but not too crowded at lunch time. The menu is very simple just one page. I had the pork soon tofu, my friend had dolsot bibimbap special. Both of us enjoyed our food. The tofu is tender and fresh, the pork inside is also tender. The service is very fast too.
3	Not that many selections of tofu soups and it was bit salty. seems like their home made noodle is very popular, maybe I will  try it next time.
1	Horrible Service. Took 20 mins to take order. And did not come even though he saw us 3 times and we waved.
1	I am biting my tongue giving this one star rt now!! It's only because the food is great but the service here is horrible.....we walked into a packed restaurant and no one greeted us. People before us told us they were told to just sit and wait.....we waited it out a few tables got cleaned and we just sat our selves.....was then told that it will be a wait on our food. We stuck it out but as we looked around a few people actually just got up and walked out and said they sat waiting over an hr. One server to the whole place and she looks miserable,  no sense of urgency or anything.....I have to say that this place has great food but they need to speed up the service your in Chinatown in the central location for tourist and locals to eat and your service blows.....I don't know how they will last....good luck mr. Tofu.....
4	I had beef tofu soon. It was my first time in the place. I had little bit cold thats why i want to eat something healthy and delicious. My sister find a place on google. Normally i cant eat hot species in food and i prefer to have plain one. It smells perfect and look good. It was delicious and satisfactory.
3	Closed on Saturdays??? Are you for real? Maybe closing a restaurant on Mondays i would understand but on a Saturday? Went to have dinner only to find out it was CLOSED. Was walking away and another person was looking in the door. Lost two potential customers in a span of one minute. Btw. Food is good. Although they serve Side dishes right before your entrees are about to come out which seems stingy. Under new ownership as of a couple weeks ago i believe.  Sujebi no longer on their menu.
4	I absolutely love this place. I think they have the best soondobu ever. Their hours are tricky thought, closed on Saturdays.
5	Probably one of the best soondubu and environment I've been too. The place is kinda small, but not cramped. It's very comfortable. They were well staffed when I was there and they were attentive. The menu was short and simple. Literally soup, noodles, and certain Korean BBQ al la carte dishes. And prices are very reasonable too, esp for their location. Around $9-$10 and you'll be full. A plus is that I didn't smell like Korean BBQ when I left!!!
4	First off, you get what you pay for. I was actually surprised by how good the soondubu turned out to be! The workers are very friendly. I ordered a Medium Spicy Combination Soondubu while the beau ordered a Medium Spicy Beef Soondubu. Although it doesn't beat Kaju in California, it comes close! The banchan offerings were a little sad, womp womp. The soondubu, though flavorful, just wasn't the same. It just had less things going on so it was more watery than what you're served at other restaurants with soondubu. I appreciated the fact that the shrimp in my soondubu was a good sized one, not the tiny sad things you'd find at Kaju. They also add the egg in for you and it's a pretty large egg...again, unlike the tiny one you'd find at Kaju! Their spiciness is definitely on the milder side, so if I were to get it again, I'd order spicy instead of medium. It was a nice find for brunch and certainly satisfied!
1	So I recommended this place to my mom because I came here back in 2011 and it was hands down THE best tofu stew I've ever tasted.............3 years later, it is THE WORST tofu stew I have EVER tasted in my life. And I'm from Orange County where there are a myriad of tofu stew restaurants competing to be the best of the best.CONS:-tofu stew taste was very bland-it was LITERALLY not BOILING. It was just...moot, no boiling no steaming no piping hot stew. -it was literally tasted like soup powder and water with tofu thrown in. All in all, I was ABSOLUTELY DEVASTATED. Especially because I was the one raving about how this place was the best and I introduced it to my mom. Sad day. I'm not sure if I'd ever come back. I definitely think the ownership changed because the taste is definitely not the same. It was a waste of my money.
4	Great tofu soup. It's where I go for this in Vegas.
4	I absolutely adore soondubu! Mr. Tofu is actually the place that made me addicted to tofu soup! Mr. Tofu is my absolute favorite, and I've been to quite a few tofu soup places like Tofu Hut, Mashisoyo, or Cho Dang in Irvine, California. This place is so awesome because the broth is so flavorful. Even if you take out the spicy seasoning, it still tastes awesome! I went there the other night and their prices had gone up since the last time I was there. Sad, right? But it was still delicious! The pork soon tofu and the beef soon tofu was $8.95 while the combinations were $9.95. I hadn't been here in a long time, and I haven't had good tofu soup in a while, so I was super excited!!!!!  The hot is too spicy for me, and the medium is not spicy enough, so I always order in between. And it's the perfect level of spice level. The spicy level bothers me because it doesn't taste right without the spice level. I ordered my pork tofu soup, and it came out piping hot. I actually burned my tongue. They crack the egg in the soup for you, so you don't have to. I thought they didn't put very many pork pieces in there, but they were all at the bottom of the soup. Just a minor complaint, the pork pieces contained all the fat still on it. They didn't cut off the fatty pieces which isn't very appetizing, but this is still my favorite tofu soup restaurant!
2	The tofu soup tastes like it's been flavored by instant noodle soup powder. The vegetable tofu soup had no veggies at all. Very friendly service though!
2	Mr Tofu used to be my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas before the owner changed:( i am so sad because I knew the previous owner and they were so nice and tofu soup was THE best I've ever had. I haven't gone to Mr Tofu for couple months and was craving for it so I went after I knew the owner changed expecting the taste to be the same... I learned that even though the ingredients are the same, whoever makes it makes a difference. I was so disappointed in the food!!! I ordered pork tofu soup and pork bulgogi. The pork bulgogi was too salty and the tofu soup tasted like ramen soup with a whole lot of water in it and the color of the soup was dark brown... Usually it's dark red. We told the server that it taste too watery. So he took it to the kitchen and came back out with the soup. I tried it again and it tasted the same but more spicy.. Like spicy water! I didn't bother asking again. I usually finish the soup but I couldn't finish this time. Decided not to go from now on... Where can I find a place with the same taste of tofu soup I had before?:( it sucks the owner went back to Korea...
3	Ordered the seafood soup, bibimbap, and Haemul Pajeon.The seafood soup was delicious but rather small in size compared to what I normally get at other places. The flavor was yummy and spice was just right.The bibimbap was decent according to the BF, he says he prob won't come back just for this.The Haemul Pajeon was very heavy in the green onions and barely any seafood.Overall experience I would return for the soondubu but prob not for the other items on the menu.
5	Went to Vegas for work and it was 40 degrees.  Found Mr. Tofu on yelp and had to try it.  I was starving so I got the extra spicy seafood tofu and a noodle soup.  It was all good and I waddled out of there.  The portions were big and there was one server that was working his butt off.  I will recommend this place to everyone I know that will be going to Vegas.
1	Waitress here are so f**king rude, no drinks, no side dishes, no menu, no one takes care in almost half hour since we walked in. Strongly recommend u guys do not go there!
4	Very affordable Korean food in Vegas. After a day of driving, my family and I were starving and craving soondobu. Luckily, we found Mr. Tofu on Yelp and decided to check it out. This place is located in a small plaza in Vegas's Chinatown, near 99 Ranch a few other Korean restaurants. It's a small drive away from the strip, which is great if you want to escape the usual crowd.The soondobus here are great and are less than $10 each. I ended up getting the Yukgaejang (which was very good), but the rest of my family all got soondobus, which they thoroughly enjoyed. Usually, the soondobus my parents try outside of SoCal lack flavor and gochujang, but Mr. Tofu's actually made my dad sweat. You know the food is good when my dad continues eating even though the food is making him is sweat and pant. I have a feeling this place has become my family's new favorite non-buffet go-to restaurant in Vegas. We will be seeing you again very soon Mr. Tofu.
1	We ordered the following:-combination soon tofu-seafood soon tofu-seafood hand made noodles-spicy pork bulgogithe soontofu itself was not bad. both the combination and the seafood soups were...not that impressive. not particularly notable depth of flavor. About the amount of complexity you can get from a soontofu packet.the seafood handmade noodles was a JOKE. hands down the worst kalgooksu/hand made noodles I've ever had. Complete absence of flavor in the stew--might as well have been in water. Tasted like just straight anchovi/dashi water. nothing else. The seafood in it was pitiful and flavorless. I have not been this disappointed in kalgooksu in a long time. This is really not kalgooksu. I feel someone who has never tried real kalgooksu is making this.spicy pork bulgogi. Also completely wrong flavor profile. waaay unspicy. Again, I feel someone who's never tried real spicy port bulgogi is making this. What's so confusing about this place is that all of our servers were Korean. They only have a handful of items on the menu. They were all various degrees of fails. Granted, the soondubu was probably just a hair worse than average, but the rest were bore almost no resemblance to what they're supposed to taste like. I assume most of the positive reviews were made by drunk people coming from the strip or people who are not familiar with Korean food. I will definitely never be coming back to this place. Sorely disappointed that Yelp has so grossly misled me.
3	The spicy tofu soup was okay. The sides were great. The fresh noodle soup was bland. Service was nice.
1	The Galbi was gross, it was all burnt up and was a plate of cancer. Also when we told them that it was really burnt and we can't even put that in our mouths, they said that it was normal!!! And when we told them to give us another plate, they took it back and didn't even grill another one for us. They flipped it over and served it to us again. This restaurant has bad food and also bad service, if you are looking for something to eat in Chinatown do not come here!!!! I have never been to a Korean restaurant with burnt Galbi EVER!!! So mad that I even spent money to eat here!
5	Great food!! Very traditional Korean food for a reasonable price
2	This experience was a lot worse than I expected... The seating process went by quickly and I noticed it went very fast for a lot of people, however the service was very poorly executed once seated. There were two male waiters that were unable to multi-task in a fairly small sized restaurant. Water itself took far longer than it should have to reach our table. Not to mention refills and other simple tasks for us and neighboring customers. Aside from customer service, their food was also mediocre and nothing to be dazzled by simply because it's "Korean." For the table we ordered dwaeji bulgogi (bbq pork) and it was "OK," but the meat smelled a bit. Old ingredients and smelly food tends to be a trend in the rest of our meals: (1) My mother and I ordered the haemul kuksoo (seafood noodles) and they were ridiculously bland. Not only that, but the seafood inside was small in amount, tiny in size and tasted old. (2) My father ordered the bibimbap and said it even smelled like old rice and ingredients. (3) The only meal that was decent according to my sister was the seafood soondubu (tofu soup), but even that was only "OK."Overall, I don't think that this place isn't anything great. We spent $61 for a subpar experience. I'd save your money for elsewhere if you're here in Vegas. Trust me.
4	If you're having a craving for tofu soup, Mr. Tofu is the way to go! The environment is very kick back, quiet, and casual. The service is decent too. It was a little slow when we went because there were only two servers at the time and they were doing all the prep work, serving, and cleaning. But they were still very attentive and nice so props to them! We ordered the combination tofu soup and the bibimbap. The soups were so good!! The only thing is that the soup doesn't come out boiling hot like I'm used to but that's just a preference. The bibimbap was okay too. A little on the bland side but it's still good. Overall it was a good experience and we'll be coming back again when we're in town. :)
3	Our first time here. Good tofu soup. Service not so good for my son and I. We had to ask for water 3 times and only got refilled once. Although I ordered  Diet Coke, and asked for a 2nd one it never came. Also we waited just under 20 minutes for our bill until I couldn't take it anymore and stopped the guy who initially sat us down. They walked past us over and over again but don't know if it was because they were overwhelmed or whatever but I was not particularly pleased that folks after us were served quickly and also given their bills just as quickly. The bibimbap was ok. Even after shitty service I tipped 20%.. to show my teenage son that we still need to tip them. I've eaten at other Korean places before and this place is in the middle. Customer service isn't very important in many Korean establishments but I keep going because I love the food however ridiculous that sounds.. 5 out of 10
4	I'm not about to start up a fan club for Mr. Tofu, but I would shake his hand, as Philip T suggests. My go-to is the combination soon tofu,  packed with an egg,  beef,  chicken, a large mussel, a couple of shrimp,  and of course,  tons of tofu. But the best part of the dish is the amazing, spicy,  tomato-based broth. Much like menudo in Mexican culture or pho for the Vietnamese,  this is my cure-all soup when I'm feeling ill.
2	4 stars? #cmonmanMaybe it was an off day but the quality of the soon tofu was far below that of a chain restaurant like BCD. Mr. Tofu cannot even sneeze in the direction of a Beverly Soon Tofu...The soup was not nearly as rich vs. the aforementioned competitors, and did not appear to contain as many ingredients floating around as well. The menu is small even for a place call Mr. Tofu.Based on the other reviews it is probably a good place to go by Vegas standards of soon tofu but I'd recommend you pass on this one and get the full experience elsewhere...
5	Driven past Mr. Tofu for years.  Decided to take my mother there for dinner and we were both pleasantly surprised had some great food.  The decor was comfortable setting, not crowded, great customer service.  The waiter was kind enough to make suggestions. I had the Dolsot-bibimbap and my mother had the pork soon tofu (very hot and spicy) - although she loves hot food, we recommend getting the mild next time.  The portions were just right with the small side dishes.  I am not a familiar with Korean dishes, but look forward to going back for more Mr. Tofu.  I recommend a visit for an affordable and delicious lunch or dinner.jtmm
3	came here for some korean food after our vegas trip was over.as a korean from socal, i know this is not very good korean food, but it does suffice my appetite until i go back to socal for some dank soondubu from beverly soondubu.if youre very picky about your tofu soup, dont come here and if you do come here, just get the bibimbap
2	Kimchee Soon Tofu Soup was bland.  Kalbi seasoning was adequate but could marinate longer.  Service is average.  Server never came back to refill water or did not come back to see how food taste.
