2	Nice salon. Friendly people. However kinda pricey. I paid 38 dollars for a basic pedicure. I added callous remover and hot stone which should have been a few dollars extra... Not nearly 40 dollars! Plus when I called in the make the appt I was told I would get a discount when I came in. None was offered.  Plus one of my toe nails is square and one is round. They need to match. With tip it was 42.00 for a very basic pedicure . She needs to revisit her pricing and provide the discounts she is offering over the phone. Yiu can find regular similar oedi's in this neighborhood including callous and hot stone for about 25.00 total. I paid 17 dollars more . Not happy with the prices.
1	I wish there was a zero star option. This was, hands down, the most unprofessional and awful place I've ever been to. The gal who did my full set took 1 hour & 40 minutes and messed them up soo horribly! My friend got a basic pedicure and all they did was file down her nails and put color on, they didn't clean up her cuticles or scrub her feet. I wish I could take a picture of what was done but I'm too embarrassed; it's laughable. The spa chair seemed really dirty along with the dingy towels they were using, mind you, this is supposed to be a NEW salon! The staff was extremely unfriendly and unprofessional in their conversations with one another and talking about drinking on the job. The staff seemed like they didn't know what they were doing at all, the gal who did my friend's toes had to look at the menu to see what consisted of a basic pedicure which she didn't even do. One girl was coaching another girl on how to do a gel nail pedicure. You could go to just about any other place and have a better experience. My 6 year old has done a better job on my toes than what my friend experienced. WORST nail experience EVER, SOOO disappointed!! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!
5	Jerry is amazing best pedi and manis ever. They use local products which is great and is a Green Salon.. No more harmful stuff for me Also if u need waxing done this is the place even my t.ween loved the skin care guy Zac as she puts it.
1	Worst pedicure of my life... No joke. Hands down worst salon I have ever visited. Rude staff, had to ask other staff how to do my pedicure. Do not recommend.
1	Lacking in customer service, unhappy employees unable to hide bad attitudes, and minimal service provided to qualify as a mani-pedi.  Purchased a special on Living Social for my wife. First scheduled appointment was never recorded and she wasted a trip. Second appointment canceled due to broken A/C. Third appointment met with staff lacking in customer service skill, unpleasant personalities, and bad attitude. The special offered full mani-pedi regularly $85 for 53% savings. Service provided was the absolute minimum to qualify in either mani or pedi category. They don't deserve repeat business, which is probably why they were on Living Social.
1	This was by far the worst Mani pedi I have ever had! Unprofessional staff and salon dirty salon is just a small portion of the horrible experience. The pedi cannot be considered a pedi as my feet got wet and my toes were painted, that's it. Two days later my toe polish was chipping. Four days later my gel nails were chipping. Save your money and don't purchase the living social deal, it's not a deal!
1	If only there was an option to give 0 stars.  I purchased a coupon on weekly plus and before I went I read all these negative reviews, but since I am low on cash I decided to give it a try.  Definately the worst salon I have ever visited.  It looked dirty, even the staff looked unkempt.  It was truly disgusting. They were extremely rude and just sitting around looking lazy.  I declined to have the hair cut and walked out.  Don't go here!
2	Wow..ok here goes....purchased living social special. My mani pedi was almost three hours! I have had gel mani pedis before and it never took this long. my manicure didn't even include any type of lotion or massage which was odd. The cuticle pulling was too rough and I was charged a 5 dollar nail polish removal for regular nail polish on my toes which Ive been ever been charged at any nail salon. The lady kept messing up and had to redo all the while I am starving! The place was very dirty and some sort of fruit fly, cricket, and spider infestation was going on. Another customer actually had to tell someone to please kill a spider that was near her so she didnt have to stare at it anymore! The cricket chirping noise was so loud I could barely hear the music. I was ready to leave but somehow tried to tuff it out. My mani pedi was average but I never felt relaxed and pampered. I dont see this place lasting that long.
