4	It was desperation. You know, that feeling you get when you've gone a few weeks too long between haircuts. You start cutting off your split ends in your cube at work hoping that no one can see that crazy look in your eye.So that was me last week. Hair looked like a former member of 'Flock of Seagulls' styled it and I'd resorted to cutting my own bangs and asking a co worker to thin out my hair. True story. Just ask my friend Miffy. So I knew I couldn't get an appointment with my regular gal as I'd procrastinated waaaaay too long. As as I said before, I was desperate. BUT not desperate enough for Cost Cutter's dammit! I'd made that mistake before and regretted it. I worked at this AZ Hair Co location in high school as a receptionist and thought, what the hell, it's just hair....and I was pleasantly surprised with this place! I got a good basic haircut at an extremely fair price. What more can you ask for really. The place isn't fancy, but they have last minute appointments, they're quick, and for $15 I felt human again. The stylist didn't talk my ear off and cleaned me up pretty darn good if I must say so myself. I'll go back here for another trim if I ever find myself in this predicament again.
5	This salon is sooo great!!!  The stylist Jessica that I go to is amazing...I tell her I need a  change and she goes right to work!! The other stylist are all very kind and I enjoy coming to this Arizona hair Company!!! They are the best.
1	Stay as far away from this salon as possible! I live so close that I've stopped by when desperate even though experience says I should know better.Here are the main issues:1. Quality is hit or miss and the hits are as bad as they get! While it's true you may get a decent stylist, the bad ones are so bad they should have their licenses revoked. I got a haircut there once. It was so uneven that people I didn't even know were commenting on it. When I mentioned it to the manager, she said that the girl was new and still "working out the kinks" - there was no offer of reparation or a coupon for the next visit. 2. Turnover and unhappy staff: it's impossible to find a good stylist that will stick around very long. I've witnessed full force arguments between members of the staff that were loud enough for everyone in the store to hear. 3. No customer service: if you complain about anything to the staff or manager, you may get an apology but forget about anything else in the way of amends.While I realize that you can't expect miracles from a low end salon that only charges $15 per haircut (no blow dry for that amount) it's still reasonable to expect competent professionals, right?
5	I absolutely love this place. Val has been taking care of me and she is my favorite. I have my hair cut so that it looks like a 'v' shape. I had gone to a school and the girl there had cut my hair completely straight. So I went to az hair co and Val was able to get my hair back to the way I like it. I've been going to her even since. She knows what I like, and I don't have to tell her what to do.She's friendly, she's fun, seeing her isn't boring like some stylists are. I even recommended her to my mom, and she loved Val.
