3	It hasn't been that long but I feel the need to update. I can't honestly give a business simply labeled a USPS (and not as it is, a contract location) 5 stars, because frankly, it's not the same service. Watching my envelopes and packages travel the last few weeks I've noticed a serious delay, which would not have occurred if I had gone to an actual post office. Yes, I expected there to not be a USPS register on the tracking until around 7 or 8pm, but the mail wasn't getting scanned in until 1 or 2am, sometimes over 12 hours from when I paid for the postage, 12 hours it could have been moving towards the recipient. This only slightly skewed my priority shipments, I have no idea what this would do to express mail (which contract locations offer).So if you're not in a hurry for your mail to get anywhere, this is a perfect location for friendly customer service and rarely a line. If you need to get something somewhere in a jiffy - this shouldn't be your first choice! Still the nicest lady at the counter, but the pick-up delay is a little ridiculous.
4	I didn't even know this was here until it popped up on Google maps. The people are friendly at the post office on Park Rd but the lines are always so long. I will NEVER go back to the one on McDowell rd. The employees are rude and unhelpful and won't help you if you aren't completely ready by 4:59. (That's no lie, the lady actually told me that)The guys I met yesterday here were super friendly and helpful. They have a new reoccurring customer! They are awesome.
4	This small postal outlet is a "contract" post office rather than a full post office. They still sell stamps and money orders (Western Union, not postal) and they'll get your stuff shipped. All the usual Priority Mail and Express Mail packaging is available with a small counter to get your envelopes filled out and whatnot. No post office boxes, of course.Yes, it's inside the Cannon Pharmacy on South Blvd, opposite Taco Bell.
3	I was surprised to receive quite excellent service here. They were very helpful as I was applying for a passport. I visited here a number of times so far and have not had to wait in line too long--It is the norm that this place has three workers on their front counter when needful.Facility could be cleaner.
