4	Do you find Anthropologie's prices a little too ridiculous? Walk a few feet and try this more moderately priced boutique chain instead. The clothes are incredibly affordable, but a little too youthful and inexpensively made for my taste. The jewelery is all fun well priced costume jewelery and they have perfect gifts for girlfriends, sisters and moms. They have a great collection of Anne Taintor stuff (I got myself a luggage tag emblazaned with "Domestically Disabled") here . Another favorite of mine is the stuff emblazaned with "I love not camping!". When you are fresh out of ideas for cute affordable gifts (candles, kitchen stuff, purses, jewelery, etc), this is a great place to stop in.
4	I was on my merry way to Anthropologie's sale rack when I saw a sandwich board outside of Francesca's Collections announcing buy one get one 50% off all attire. I made an immediate detour inside. This location is just like the one in Town Square but smaller. The ladies who work here are also a lot more helpful. They carry cute accessories, bags, and clothing for a reasonable price. Shirts are probably from $28-$40 and dresses are $38-60. The clothes have an urban feel to them so don't expect to find too many club wear options here. I ended up snagging two shirts and paid $60 after the BOGO. Unfortunately, I have two issues with this place. My first qualm is that yes, they carry some sub-par materials, such as shirts made out of 100% polyester, but still charge $38 for the shirt. The lower quality of some of their fabrics also lead to some items being very ill-fitting. Secondly, their return policy requires tags on. I took the tag off of my shirt today to wear and it has that weird moldy smell that someone once told me was from the way it was packaged and shipped. Thus, I paid $38 for a 100% polyester shirt that was kind of smelly, and I can't return it. Hopefully, a good dry clean will rid the smell, and next time I'll make sure to sniff before I purchase. Aside from those issues, I'd probably stop in again if I'm in the neighborhood to get some cute tops and dresses.
4	I am as much of fan as Francesca's as you can get. Whenever I go to The District I make it a priority to pop in here and check out the new merchandise. I love how eclectic it feels in here, yet everything seems well taken care of. You can tell the owner and the employees take a real pride in the place.Numerous items have been bought here for myself and for friends and family. I love their charms, jewelery, bags, and fun items. There's really something for everyone. I usually go here to find those "fun" items I'll drop into a friend's birthday present. Last time I was here I got my friend a wine stopper and rubber duck tea infuser. I also bought myself a purse hook. I've been meaning to purchase one for awhile and the glitzy jeweled ones here really caught my eye.On top of all this they do have sales every once and awhile. You'll see them put their on-sale clothes out on racks. I've never bought clothes here, but that's probably because I'm just attracted to all the nick nacks.
4	Every time we go in here the staff is friendly and they have new cute stuff. All of the clothes are small for me but hey its a boutique I expect that. Very cute jewelry and nail stuff as well.
3	I truly do love Francesca's Collections. They have such cute clothes, accessories, and even a little home decor. My problem with this store is the manager. She's always working when I stop by to look around but never pays any attention to the customers. She isn't very friendly and doesn't welcome the customer. I was in the store for almost 20 minutes before she acknowledged me. I've been in numerous times before where she's chit-chatting on the phone with her friend about another employee. If she didn't work there, I'd probably come to this store more often.
5	I cannot lie I love being treated like a princess and Francesca's never disappoints. They always have some kind of great sale going on and their prices are very fair for good quality clothing available. The employees are very attentive without being annoying. Every time I go to The District I always and up at Francesca's and something caaa-ute in my shopping bag. This is a perfect spot to take your girlfriends shopping when they visit from out of town. Your closet will thank you!
3	I enjoy stopping by to see what they have. They have cute clothes and bags.  I am a sucker for a sales but their sale line mostly includes damaged goods... For example, missing buttons, rips, and stains. The sale isn't even that good so it's over priced for a damaged item.
