5	We were able to get into 3 bar/clubs in the palms for free and we had such a great time! The view was amazing and the live band and DJ were fantastic. Kayla is a great promoter and we would definitely use Viva Las Guest List for our next trip to Vegas!
5	Kayla was amazing to work with in Las Vegas and helped my group of friends that were in town for a wedding weekend get into Hakkasan at The MGM.  She was always quick to text back and kept in close contact throughout the process.  Super nice, cool girl and very, very helpful!  Thanks again Kayla!  From, Alison in Arizona
5	Michelle was quick to text back and even text friendly reminders and added discounts to restaurants during our stay amazing thanks
5	Great service!  Michelle and Kayla were both very helpful and responsive.  Will definitely use them again when I'm in Vegas.
5	Michelle was great! Helped me and my girls get into XS nightclub, no problem. Very professional and responded back in a timely manner. I will be calling her next year when I go back to Sin City! MIchelle: 908-770-3570
5	Awesome company! Really made the whole trip that much better. My girlfriends and I got into everything for free and we got free drinks! If you're going to Vegas this is the way to go.
5	Michelle was very helpful and did what she said she would! I had a lot of questions as a vegas first timer and she always responded to me with what I needed to know. My group of four girlfriends and I got in XS to see Zedd for free and got a free drink ticket as well. I am very happy with her excellent service :)
5	Michelle was the best! Went there with five girls and one guy. She got us girls into every pool party & club we asked! And ALL FOR FREE! :) She always promptly replied and was able to answer any questions. She even let me know each morning which dj's were at which clubs for the day. Definitely helped make our trip the best we could've expected!
5	Michelle was the best work with!! She got us into XS on a Saturday night with no line and two premium drink tickets!! We had the best time and she made it so easy!! Contact Michele if you are headed to Vegas and want to get in the best clubs with no wait!! Thanks michele!!! Michelle (908) 770-3570
5	Kayla and Michelle were so easy to work with.  Simple text exchanges and they hooked us up for both Friday and Saturday night guest lists at Surrender and XS. Quick and responsive!  We'll be contacting them everytime we come to Vegas (our "playground and 2nd home"). Thanks so much ladies!
5	Michelle is awesome! Very friendly and reliable promoter in Vegas. I have hit her up both times I went to Vegas and she took good care of our group. we were able to get on guest list and get a free drink ticket at XS. I definitely recommend her as a necessity for planning your trip in Vegas !
5	Special Thanks to Kayla Nennecke! She made sure my group made it on the guest list on short notice to see Dillon Francis at Surrender (Encore). And Kayla hooked the ladies up with free cover and free drinks. Had an awesome time at Surrender for my 24th Birthday
5	Michelle is amazing!! My friends and I had such a great time at XS at the Encore! Michelle is a reliable promoter, super friendly, and makes sure her VIP's are taken care of. My group received free entry and drink tickets for the ladies. I would definitely recommend her a must contact when going to Vegas.
5	This is a great promotion company, Michelle was extremely helpful getting our group on the guest list and we had a great time at XS!
5	MY CLUBBING SAVOR!I was referred to Michelle by my usual promoter in Vegas and I must say that she took care me just as well! Everyone knows that it is next to impossible to get males into the club for free in Vegas.. but Michelle was able to work her magic and got my group of 5 girls and 4 guys all comped for Kaskade @ XS this past Saturday!She made the set-up process extremely easy and even followed up the next day to see if I wanted to go to other clubs Sunday night which was nice. Final Verdict: Michelle definitely gets my stamp of RELIABILITY and will be added to my small list of contacts for SIN CITY!
5	Thanks to Viva Las Guest List I had the best trip to Vegas! Michelle and Kayla were so helpful in planning my nightclub guest lists I don't know how I could have done it without their service. I hadn't been to Vegas before so I didn't really know what to expect, but luckily my friend sent me the name of their service. And WOW did they answer my texts quickly! They put my friends and I on the guest lists for the best clubs for FREE and we even scored some free drinks from their guest list. Awesome service.
5	Michelle was a great promoter! She hooked up my group at XS with no cover and free drinks. The bride to be had a great time! I'll definitely go through her again. She responds quickly via text which is very convenient. Thank you!
5	Michelle is an awesome promoter! We were added to the VIP list. I was immediately given detailed instructions. We got into XS in less than 5 minutes and I had a complimentary drink! The club was rocking with great DJs! The bartenders provided excellent service!
