5	Again, another perk of living in a brand spanking "new" development such as Surprise. This place is so way out there that the city makes its amenities just lovely for it's residents.I went fishing here during my Thanksgiving visit! Yes, FISHING! The AZ state fish and game have a urban fishing program and this lake is stocked with farm raished and ready to eat fish....if you can catch them. Check the website for full details...there's a lot of them.http://www.azgfd.gov/h_f/urban_lake_surprise.shtmlAnyways, this big little park is awesome. Everything is newer and well maintained. It has a very large playground area, a library, picnic tables and of course a lake to fish at. And it's across the street from the stadium. When the little kids were bored with fishing they would run over to the playground. When we got too hot, we'd go inside the Library. We spent the whole day there picnicing and fishing with 3 young kids and nobody complained or had a bad time. Tips: If you're fishing, bring your own chairs as the ones right by the lake have duck crap all over them. Not much shade so I suspect the summer months out in this park are brutal.
5	My favorite park in the west valley!  Plenty to do for kids (my son is 2), and adults.  The playground area is huge, and well maintained.  The lake area is relaxing and clean.  There is plenty of free parking, and always well organized during community events.  This park is a gem, and a great place to spend the day.
4	Good park, lots of room for kids to run and play. Not much shade so this is definitely optimized for Nov.-Feb. use. Looking forward to trying out the fishing!
5	One of the best places in Surprise to watch the sun set :)No matter the time of year, this is a great place to spend some time outdoors for the entire family!Fishing Lake- the beautiful centerpiece! Dog Park- North East side, fully enclosed. Beach Volley Ball court- South East sidePlayground- South sideGrassy area & Library- West sideParking Lot- North sideThere is a sidewalk that runs all along the lake which is great for jogging & walking. In addition there are benches and kiosks all around the lake to promote relaxation ;) We all need both!
5	Pretty darn good I'm from NYC so when I say a dog park rocks it is really good lol only thing u will hate is the mud puddle that needs to be covered other than that it's a great park   All man made
3	This park can be much better! It's a great park, has a lot to offer! 1) Fishing 2) Dog Park3) Playground for children4) Sand Volleyball Court5) Library Next Door6) Water Park Next Doorand more!Biggest problem is the more people are moving to Surprise, park is being abused more! City needs to step up the effort to keep this park clean, can not understand the lazy dog owners who can not clean up after their dogs? People can not pick up their own trash! City of Surprise, you got what you have been looking for! Now start spending more money in cleaning and maintanance in our parks before it goes to far!
5	Big fan of this park.Was looking for a new park to takemy dog too and goy so much more.Big lake for fishing, nice pathways, 2 huge dog parks that are all grass and well maintained, and a couple fields for activities.Also a nice childrens playground and basketball/tennis courts.This is my favorite town and park in the area (Im from NJ).I travel 15 mins just to go to this park at least a few times a week. Bring the fam and furballs!
