5	I own a carpet cleaning company and when I am busy or can't accommodate a customer I am always happy to refer them to Todd at Dunway Cleaning Service. Todd has his son work with him, his father, sometimes his brother. So you get were I am going with this, It is family owned/operated and on the occasion he has close friends work with him. Todd is heavily involved in his business. He has a truck mount steam cleaning system and does a great job. How do I know, cause he taught me. Keep up the Good Work Todd and Dunway!!!
5	Todd was very pleasant when I phoned to make my appointment to have my carpets cleaned.  He gave me a window when he would be at my house and said he would call me 1/2 hour beforehand.  Sure enough, on the appointed day, I got the phone call from Todd in the window telling me he would be there in 1/2 hour.  He quickly assessed the rooms and stairs that I wanted done and quoted me a very fair price.  I left him to work and he was done in less than 1.5 hours (and I had a LOT of large areas to do!)  The carpets not only look fabulous but, he got out several stains that I thought were permanent.  Thanks Todd!  Excellent service and price.  I will be calling you again.
5	I would highly recommend Dunway Cleaning Service.  They quoted a very fair price over the phone.  When the day of service came around, he called 30 minutes before he would arrive (at the front end of the quoted 2 hour window) to give me time to make it home from work to meet him.  They finished the job quickly, but absolutely not at the expense of quality.  My carpets looked fantastic.  Also, they were very accommodating to work with me to find a time before Thanksgiving when I had lots of family coming in.  A+.
5	Todd and his son have cleaned my carpets and have steam cleaned my tile and grout.  They always do a great job at a super price!  They are quick and efficient.  As a Realtor, I give many referrals and I am always pleased to give out referrals to Todd and Dunway Cleaning.
5	Dunway Carpet Cleaning was actually referred to me by one of his competitors and I'm so glad I ended up using them! They did a great job on my carpet, were very fast and very reasonably priced! Todd is super friendly and he worked with my schedule. He called me when he told me he would to let me know he was an hour away. Great service overall! I would definitely use him again!
5	I would definitely recommend Dunway Carpet and Tile Cleaning.  Todd and his nephew cleaned my carpets yesterday.  He did an amazing job for a great price.  He was very friendly and professional.  I am always happy to support a local family business and will definitely be calling him again in the future.
1	Stay away from doing business with this company.... Todd at Dunway Cleaning Service rushed threw job no personal touch felt like even though we are paying customers. we were  putting him out to do his JOB, he was in a hurry to get to the next job instead of tring to do a through customer focused caring job.  After we complained we heard about other dissatisfied customers of Dunway Cleaning Services. One where his epuipment run by Todds son ripped the customers carpet and customer was told sorry it happens its your problem as they rushed to get the job done again !!
5	I've used Dunway Carpet & Tile Cleaning for a couple of years now.  Todd and his crew always do an amazing job.  The carpets look great afterwards, the price is decent, and he always shows up on time. I would definitely recommend Dunway Carpet & Tile Cleaning to everyone!
