5	Great atmosphere and very welcoming to new students. It's a great place to learn without the fear of being beat. Family friendly me kids and I attend class regularly and enjoy every minute of it. If you need extra help the instructors are willing to take  the time to help you with anything. They also teach you self defense moves in real life situations not just bjj.
5	I started training here as a 300lb out of shape fat guy :) and am now a 285lb in better shape fat guy :) Everyone here has been amazing and encouraging. I've never felt out of place or like I'm "less than" because of my size. The coaches and my fellow teammates have encouraged me and in the last 6 months I've noticed a huge improvement in my skills and physical fitness. I love the humility of everyone here as well as the family friendly atmosphere, many of my teammates bring their kids in while they train. All in all if you are looking for a place to train come join our family
5	The Sandovals are top notch coaches and mentors.  They encourage and grow your personal drive and determination with sincere investment in your progression.  Training at Medavia is what I call a "comfortable challenge".  The environment is ego free and everyone is helping you to learn how to exceed your personal best.
5	Can't say enough good things about the Sandovals or the Carlson Gracie Team. It is a fantastic environment, for adults, teens and kids. The Jiu-Jitsu pedigree of the coaches is top of the line. Add to that their personal investment in each student, their philosophy on physical and mental fitness, and the humble, fun and challenging manner in which they teach. Great place, great people and real, no-nonsense Jiu-Jitsu. You're wasting your money if you go anywhere else.
5	What can I say about this academy that hasn't already been mentioned in past reviews. The Sandovals are great and PATIENT instructors who teach great fundamentals and advanced techniques to those who can absorb them. They even roll with their students to get a better understanding of how each of the students can continue to evolve, something that isn't a norm at other academies. They are extremely well respected in the BJJ community and they are constantly bringing top BJJ players in for seminars to learn from. But what is most exciting is everyone there is HUMBLE and VERY family oriented where family comes first and thats whats makes this academy very special to me. I've been training there since May 2014, in that time I've won all 3 tournament (VEGAS OPEN, SOUTHWEST CLASSIC, AZ STATE) I have  entered one of them being STATE Championship. And if you travel like I do for work you can train at other Carlson Gracie Academies /Carlson Gracie lineages across the country and world such as I did in Mexico City training with Black Belt world champ Dan Schon (Carlson Gracie Lineage) an opportunity that only have happened by knowing the Sandoval's.To all you ladies who are thinking of learning but feel intimidated DON'T  Coach Alicia is 1of 2  female brown belts in the state...She's herself  has won a World Championship - so ladies take advantage of this knowledge / opportunity like other ladies have done -  traveling as far as Globe daily to train with Coach Alicia.Lastly I have to say their kids program is top notch like me my son also won the STATE Championship so if you have children this is the place to be at to get the top training partners for them. Thank you Coach Alex and Alicia my journey in this art has been pleasant and rewarding to my personal growth.
