5	Cinnabon's sweet roll with tea seemed to have won my breakfast affection between flights from Seattle to Miami. Warm, gooey, mouthwatering goodness before an airport yoga session... Yummy!
1	Got a hot chocolate n the lady gave me half of cup full! When I ask her why is she missing half of cup, she said " if I put more water then it won't taste good" what a bad customer service!!!
4	Awesome cinnamon bun. Totally broke my diet by eating it, but it was worth it!
3	...just tried it for fun (can't remember ever trying it before). The cinnamon roll choices were scarce at the time I went, and it was 'ok' - can't say I'll try it again, especially in finding a rather addictive cinnamon bun flavored ice cream in the grocery store (think cookie dough...but with cinnamon buns...)
1	Not much available near my gate at airport so I succumbed to a roll and a coffee.  The cinnamon roll was warm but hard and inedible.  Coffee was the worst I'd had in a while. I'll skip all Cinnabons in the future.
1	Horrible!! $8.00 for cold old cinnamon rolls then tried to see if they would give new ones and the employee was rude and said they are all that way and they can microwave them after microwave even worse now chewy like eating rubber this place sucks and customer service even worse !
2	I think I eat cinnamon rolls once every 4 years. And it's not because I don't like them, it's mainly because I like them TOO much. On the last leg of our flight home from vacation I felt like one last naughty splurge and ordered a medium sized roll. They did have the slightly crusted over look of food that had been sitting under a heat lamp for too long but I didn't care, the smell had already seduced me. A sweet old lady gave me a super gooey serving and I immediately stuffed it into my mouth. Obviously, it was edible (it's hard to screw up cinnamon, sugar and carbs) but it was not the BEST it could've been. First, it was room temperature. Secondly, it was stale. I still ate the whole thing of course but I felt a little dirty afterward.*Note: This Cinnabon is in the Atrium of airport near the BBQ place and Genghis stir fry.
2	Why did I do this to myself??? A weeks worth of cardio gone with just a few bites of this evil little treat.  Poof!!  I was just siting there in one of those nice little rocking chairs in the main atrium minding my own business and the aroma of freshly backed buns drew me in.....what was I thinking?  Obviously with my gut since I just added a roll on top of my existing roll...The Cinnabon itself was just ok, a bit stale on the outside.  This is probably a good thing because I didn't finish it and hopefully won't be tempted to try another in the future.  The coffee was good and hit the spot.  The 2 ladies working the shop were absolutely lovely...
