5	I'm usually unimpressed / indifferent about dental offices, but the service I received at Cheyenne are worth signing onto Yelp and gushing about. Seems like there's already a lot of ppl who share my views ! When I got my teeth cleaned, Dr. Tran was so hilarious, I almost choked on a cotton roll from laughing so hard. The reception desk was SUPER kind and friendly. The office had all this hooked up new  technology and it had this clean citrus lemon scent about it. The quality of care I received, of course, was excellent. It was like I was in a spa ! And how often can you say that about a dental office......
5	Generally, I don't like going to the dentist, but my experience with Cheyenne was excellent. He took personal interest in my health and provided me with the best dental care while making me feel at ease during my procedure. He accommodates his patients with high quality dental work and I would recommend him to all my family and friends.
1	If there were a ZERO star option, I would have picked it!At first, this place seemed like a good idea.  New dentist, new practice, a $40 all inclusive special when I had no insurance, etc.  The receptionist, Samantha, seemed very nice, so, she gets 2 stars, but the service here, SUCKS.I'll explain.  I just moved to Las Vegas from NY 2 months ago and was looking for a dentist.  This one is right near my house and it got good reviews on here, so I decided to give them a try.  The first question the Dr. asked me when he looked in my mouth is if I ever considered braces.  I told him no.  My teeth are relatively straight.  In fact, Rosie, the hygienist, had WAY worse looking teeth than I did.  She was nice also though.So my story is that I have 4 relatively large, amalgam fillings on my left side.  2 up, 2 down, both in molars.  Dr. Tran's recommendation was $2400 worth of replacement fillings for all of my teeth.  This seemed bizarre as I know that amalgam fillings are typically used to bigger cavities and tend to hold up better than their "tooth colored" counterparts.  I did, however, feel as though I got a good cleaning and it was done by the dentist, which you don't see very often anymore.  Anyway, today I called my dentist back in NY who told me that replacing all my fillings was unnecessary and seeing as how I was just there less than 6 months ago, there is no way my teeth could have gotten THAT bad.  I went to a new dentist today and he was right on with my old dentist in stating that there were nothing wrong with my fillings, and, in fact, if he were to remove them and put in porcelain or resin-composite, my teeth would be MORE sensitive than they are and I would probably end up with nerve damage seeing as how my cavities were all pretty deep.So, save your time and money and go see Dr. Ruper @ Boston Dental on W. Lake Mead near Jack in the Box.  You'll be happy!
5	I had a major tooth ache while I was visiting Vegas,  I heard about Cheyenne Dental Group from one of my friends that was living out in Vegas.  Dr. Tran was kind, courteous, and I felt like he truly cared!  I recommend Dr Tran to anyone in need of dental care, he was fantastic!
5	I had to get a deep cleaning and a couple fillings done. Dr. Tran consulted me prior when I was pregnant and I decided to return for the job. He and his staff were awesome. He is very careful in what he is doing and makes sure that you will feel no unbearable pain. The office is new and the equipment is great. They have a small camera that they use to take close-up pictures from your teeth inside your mouth. I thought it was neat as you could see in much better detail how good/bad your tooth is. He is very professional in every sense and worth the extra mile it takes to get to the office.
5	I loved this office...I have a Dental Phobia you can say so i'm very hesistant about going to any Dentist. I can honesly say I'm not afraid anymore.  Dr. Tran totally puts you at ease and explained everything to me in detail, there was very little pain as he said and no discomfort at all after the appointment.  His staff is very friendly and helpful and just made the whole visit perfect.  I would highly recommend this office to anyone and you will not go anywhere else again.
5	Cheyenne Dental Group individually, and as a team are the most professional, skillful and empathetic group of people I have ever met in the Dental industry. The Equipment is well maintained and High Tech,. From the moment I spoke to Samantha on the phone to the next day Patient  recovery call from Rosie I was well taken care of and at ease. Dr. Tran's skills I feel are the best I have been offered. The lab they work together with was prompt with a great quality product, which limited the time I had temporaries in my mouth. I had seven teeth worked on and felt fine that day, and the next.. My mouth feels Great! Thanks so Much!
5	Attention VEGAS! Get your pearly whites all white...and pearly! Dr. Tran is a fantastic dentist that puts his patients at ease, the very moment they walk in the door. Couple things that really make the Dr. and his practice stand out.1. He does his homework. When you are a new patient, he asks plenty of questions, and he really reads all the information you fill out. He uses this to help you...not to judge you.2. He doesn't have the "car dealer" mentality that many dentists in town seem to have. He isn't in it to make a quick buck at your expense. He is in it to make sure that you are taken care of. It shows by the way he, and his staff conduct themselves...particularly when it's time to come up with a treatment plan.3. The office is a smooth, safe, warm environment. Yeah, you can watch movies while you wait. Yes, there is an awesome waterfall type thing as you enter. It's amazing. But there is a certain element of awesome when you enter.THIS is your spot. Dr. Tran should be your guy. Because he is mine too.
4	Went in for a checkup on Wednesday. Saw the great reviews and hey, it is cheap for the checkup! But with insurance, I didn't have to pay anything for the first visit. It was actually pretty nice, I had scheduled for 3pm since I got off of work at 2pm, but that day I ended up getting off work early and as I drove home, they called to see if I wanted to go in early. Perfect!Got there, filled out paperwork. They already knew who I was as I walked in the door. Got me back right away. And they had 50 First Dates playing to keep me busy! The x-ray thing is uncomfortable, but the girl did the best she could do get them done quickly.Then I saw Dr. Cheng (the female dentist) and she was really nice. She was knowledgable and explained everything to me after the exam. The cleaning was quick and painless.Going back in 2 weeks for fillings, so I'll let you know how that goes! But for now, I would give it 4 stars. Good clean facilities, good location (Next to Sushi Bomb!) and great customer service.. very efficient. We will see how the fills go! Hopefully painless. THEN i shall bump them to 5 stars!
5	ALERT...anyone with teeth! You must go to this dental office! In a search for a trustworthy, honest, caring dentist I put my feelers out to my fellow Yelpers and found Cheyenne Dental and let me tell you, you didn't let me down. Sure, some say I am hard to please, but I was pleased to find them.Everyone in this office is fun, professional and caring. After emailing them I received a call right away and was scheduled very soon after.  My visit went great and they spent the time to explain everything to me. I even got the best cleaning I have had in years of living in the Valley. It was nice to go somewhere that people knew what they were doing.All in all, I traveled across town to try these guys out and would tell you to do the same. They are awesome and well deserving of the 5 stars I give them
5	As newcomers to the valley, we have been in search of good healthcare professionals. Well, we have to look no further for our dental care. Cheyenne Dental Group is terrific. From the time you walk in and are greeted by the friendly staff to the immaculate office and friendly low key dentist and hygienist. It's all good. Dr. Tran has been taking care of us and we appreciate his gentle "chair side" demeanor. The appointment times are on time and they are always willing to see us in a dental emergency.  Thanks Dr. Tran and staff. It's great to have a new family dentist.
5	After having a horrible experience with a dentist, it took me a long time to work up the courage to find another one. I knew I needed a checkup but was afraid. After reading all the rave reviews of this place, I decided to make an appt. Thank goodness I did because EVERYONE here is so nice and comforting, 2 traits I think we all want in a dentist. I did get some work done in my first visit, but it wasn't as painful as I thought it would be because Dr. Tran and Jennifer the hygienist made sure I was numbed real good. This staff is amazing. If you're looking for a dentist, this is the place to go!
5	Very friendly staff. I found them here on Yelp and will continue going to them every 6 months. My 4 year old was really scared at first but they have TV monitors that play cartoons and they're great with kids.There's another location that I will probably move my file to because it's on Sahara and closer to the center of town.
5	Great dentist I took my whole family there and I can honestly say thiis my new forever dentist. I went in for 4 fillings and a cleaning I was out of there in an hour never have I before gotten out of th dentist for that short a time and they explained everything I mean everything showing me what my teeth look like and what I need to do and gave me a run down of the prices and options I could choose from.  I will be going back in 6 months for a cleaning I love these guys!!!
5	Dreaded the much needed visit but couldn't help feeling at ease as soon as Dr. Tran and Jennifer (the hygienist) waved and smiled at me when they saw me waiting out in the lobby. :) This staff is amazing. They're all so sweet. I love that it's not just about my teeth that they ask me about but also what else I've been up to and that's nice. To me, that just shows I'm not just a patient to them. Love that! And I have to say, my comfort is a priority to them (always asking me throughout the cleaning if I'm ok). That's a huge plus! Surely, everyone has some kind of fear when it comes to seeing the dentist but Dr. Tran, Jennifer, Samantha, Rosie, and the rest of his staff will definitely put you at ease. They're the best!! "
5	Aaahhh another visit to Cheyenne Dental for my teeth! I always have high anxiety whenever my appt is near and it gets worse as I sit to be called in BUT I really don't know why! This place is really top notch when it comes to service. Had the pleasure of getting my cleaning done by Dr. Tounian for the first time today and he's as great in care and service as Dr. Tran and Jennifer the hygenist. Despite what another reviewer said, 1) Dr. Tran is a "he", not a "she" and 2) he is very much with this practice. He just has another office to tend to. Although I would've liked to say hi and chitchat with Dr. Tran for a bit, I couldn't because I had to get home soon after my cleaning and he was busy working on another patient. I've said it before and I'll keep saying it, this is the place for anyone looking for a dentist. The staff is super nice and always looking out for you and your comfort. I've even started taking my 7-year old daughter here and she went home feeling happy and wanting to do everything Dr. Tounian told her to do! :) If you're in need of a new dentist, have been putting off going to the dentist, and/or you're beyond scared straight to go to a dentist: look and be scared NO MORE------ Cheyenne Dental is the place to go! Dr. Tran and staff will take care of you!
5	I'm new to Las Vegas, and have been relying pretty heavily on Yelp for reviews of medical professionals. In the case of Cheyenne Dental group, it totally paid off!!  After a HORRIFYING experience at my last dentist (slasher flick stuff, folks!), every nerve in my body was on edge walking in the door. JOY!! My first visit was a breeze, and Dr. Tounian was informative and friendly. He explained everything he did and why - I was completely at ease. Every member of the staff was helpful and accommodating.
1	Service was good, but billing and administration was a nightmare. I paid my deductible and my insurance was to cover the rest. Cheyenne then billed me my deductible amount again, and I tried several times to speak with them on the phone and get things cleared up/ understand what amount I owed. Each time I was told they would review it and then call me back, which they never did. Then I received a collections notice w/ interest, and they had never called me back once. I just went ahead and just paid the bill to be over this hassle. ughh
5	Personable, professional, and punctual.  My first trip to Cheyenne Dental Group was pleasant and, dare I say, relaxing, despite the presence of loud, whining instruments and needles!  The staff did their best to create and maintain a calm environment, which I appreciated.  My hygienist, Jennifer, was fantastic; she asked me if I had any problem areas or concerns and she obviously listened because she was more than attentive to my sensitive areas.  Dr. Tran was super friendly and described what he was going to do to my teeth based on my x-rays pics and suggested a timeline for keeping my pearly whites, er, white.  Perhaps the best and most surprising aspect about my visit here was the office's punctuality.  My appointment was for 10am and after filling out the requisite "new patient" forms, I was escorted to my dental chair at 10:05am.  Had I been quicker to fill out the forms, I'm sure I would have started my appointment even sooner.  It is a sad state of affairs when I list "punctuality" as a standout trait for a dentist's office, but as most of us know too well, promptness and swiftness are not adjectives often used to describe medical appointments.I'm so glad I listened to my yelp peeps and decided to go here.  All staff with whom I interacted were genuinely likable and professional.  My teeth look terrific.  :)  I heartily recommend this dental group and am looking forward to my next visit (weird to say, but true!).
5	Im really surprised with how well things went here. I've never had any luck with dentists, but I can honestly say everything went perfectly. I had a crown made at Floss Dental and Orthonics but i wanted it rushed so they were able to get me in early at this location. Procedure went by quickly and as smooth as can be.Very highly recommended!!
5	I had to come in to get my crown adjusted and they saw me right away without hassle.Thanks Guys!!
5	If you like professional and friendly dentists, a clean office, a comfortable atmospher, and welcoming staff.... then CHEYENNE DENTAL GROUP is for you! I came here because my friend highly recommended Dr. Tounian. This guy is truly one of the most knowledgeable and friendliest dentists I ever had! Really easy to get along with and he will answer any of your questions you may have.The front office staff was very nice too. I came in and then immediately welcomed me with smiles and even a bit of small talk. Showed they cared about their patients.I had bleaching trays done and the dental assistant working on me was very gentle and talked me throughout the whole process.Overall, I had a great experience. Come see Dr. Tounian!
5	OK...I know I am in the minority here, but I LOVE GOING TO THE DENTIST.For some reason there are 2 things I've had trouble finding in Vegas. A good dentist and a good hairdresser. Why?? No clue. There are hundreds of each, but a good one?? Good luck.Well, as of last week, and thanks to my fellow Yelpers...I can finally say I have a dentist I love!!I called and made an appointment for a cleaning and check up, but I was experiencing some sensitivity in one tooth.The reception area is small but has a little bit of a spa feel to it. The receptionist was super nice. It took me about 5-10 minutes to fill out the paperwork for new patients. And, i was immediately wisked away. to the little exam room. The hygenist took a whole bunch of x-rays and really listened to everything I said about my history and current issues.The exam room, and equipment, was very new and clean. And, they have movies playing so you can watch while you are having your dental work done. I thought it was kinda cool.The doctor came in a few minutes later and was, also, very thorough, I felt like he really listened to me, and discussed solutions to try before jumping into extensive dental work like root canals and implants (like other dentists I have been to). I like that those types of procedures are last resorts. All of my issues we addessed.I left feeling like I had been taken care of, like I had received quality service and care, and like I finally found a great dentist in Vegas. Everyone from the receptionist to the hygenist to the dentist was kind, professional, friendly.I am really grateful to Yelp for helping find this dentist, and I cannot recommend highly enough!!
5	I love Dr. Tounian! He and his staff are so sweet and knowledgable. I went in earlier this week for a teeth cleaning. Xrays were also taken because I wanted to discuss the possibility of veneers (I have Invisalign but I'm super lazy with it...I know, bad.) The hygienists were very careful with me and the xrays and cleaning went so easily.As a first time patient I had an exceptional experience and I am so glad to have finally found a reliable, clean and professional dental office here in Vegas.
2	Over charged me and didn't do the work that I had paid cash for.  Also, said i need things done that were not needed.  Had heard good things... but was very disappointed.
5	I just got done with my appointment, and I had to run to Yelp to give this dental office 5 stars! The office is clean and beautifully designed -- very relaxing. It looks more like a spa than a dentist! When I asked if they could get me out in an hour so I could get back to work, I wasn't sure if they could, but they totally did.I got time with all kinds of staff, including the doctor, the hygienist and the pleasant assistant who did my XRays. Each of them were knowledgeable and made my visit pleasant and easy. The girls at the front desk were accommodating and sweet. They even suggested a deep cleaning for my gums -- which worried me. It was painless and easy, and was covered by my dental insurance. It didn't take any longer than a regular gum cleaning either!I don't often rave about dentists -- it's hard to find good ones--, but this was a really stellar experience. I look forward to my next appointment and highly recommend.
5	This was the most knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful staff I've ever encountered at a dentist's office. Highly recommend to everyone. I was given a same-day appointment, then got my x-rays and teeth cleaned and was on my way with some dental advice to boot.Simply outstanding. 5 stars!
2	I'm giving these guys a second star only because I really enjoyed my visit and the staff is friendly. After reading the reviews I figured the place was on the up and up. So I gave them a call. I was assured my insurance was accepted and they were a preferred provider. This was not the case. After the x-rays were taken the doctor suggested a full scaling as I hadn't see a dentist for a while. I figured I was already there so why not. The receptionist came in to tell me my insurance required a $50 deductible and I wouldn't be billed anything else. Maybe it was the friendly atmosphere. Or the fact I was already numbed up but I didn't put two and two together that my insurance only charges that deductible for non-preffered providers. So they were "in network" but they were not preferred as I was told they were. The office stuck to their word and didn't bill me for the extra my insurance didn't pay (almost three grand) . But the prices they charged my insurance company used up my whole years allotment for ONE visit..... A cleaning! What if I had an emergency? Or needed a tooth capped? I cringed at the thought of that bill. Do yourself and your wallet a favor and use the list your insurance says is in a preferred provider. They agree the accept a lower billing from the dentist in turn charging you less.If this is on your list of preferred providers your in for a treat as this is a great office.
1	Don't be fooled by the low price for first visitors. Its just there to suck you to be told by the car salesmen dentists that you need $3000+ worth of work. Got a second opinion from Abbey Dental for free and I didn't need anything they listed. If you decide to go here, get your cheap cleaning / xrays and if they try to upsell you for something you doubt you need, get a second opinion. Don't get me wrong, the cleaning was good but the dentist didn't even want to do the cleaning since he said I needed deep cleaning and it would be a waste of time. Just don't listen to any of their pitches.
5	I think I've written enough reviews for this place to pretty much sum up the fact that Cheyenne Dental is awesome. Dr. Tounian is the best! :) The hygienist Princess is great too!
5	Went and got my routine cleaning last week and of course, exceptional service as always and quick too! I've raved so much about this place to my husband that he's finally coming in to get his much needed checkup! :)Biggest highlight was that Dr. Tounian and Dr. Tran called and told the front office staff to tell me "hello" because they knew I was on the schedule that day and they were in another office. How awesome is that?! I will continue to speak highly of this dental office and it's staff until I've convinced all my family and fellow Yelpers to go to them for their dental needs! Trust me they're the best!! Really!!! :)
1	I have been going to Cheyenne Dental for a little over year.  The service had been acceptable.  However, they seem to think that I needed to come in once every 3 months for a cleaning instead of every 6 months.  My insurance only allows 2 cleanings per year so I usually end up with an out of pocket expense when I go in.  I didn't like having to pay an extra $60 every time I went in for a cleaning but continued to go here because they were close to home. The problem with Cheyenne Dental was my last visit in October. I had an appointment scheduled for 4pm on a Tuesday.  The day before I get a confirmation call and they try to push me to move my appointment to earlier in day....10am Tuesday morning.  I'm not sure what would compel them to do that but assuming its for their convenience and not mine.  I arrive for my appointment and after waiting a few minutes, I was brought into a a room.  The dental hygienist told me that the dentist would be in to see me in a few minutes and then she would start my cleaning thereafter.  There was only 1 other patient in the office at that time and the dentist was with them.  I SAT & WAITED FOR ALMOST 30 MINUTES BEFORE WALKING OUT!!  The dentist took 2 personal calls on her cell phone while she was with the other patient.  I know this for a fact because she was pacing up & down the hallway while talking on her phone.  She clearly saw me waiting in the next room and didn't even acknowledge me.  I sat in the room for 30 minutes without any staff ever coming in and acknowledging me.  This was the worse experience I've ever had with them.  Cheyenne Dental was obviously VERY AWARE that I walked out without ever having been seen by the dentist.  To this day, no one from their office has even called to apologize or explain what may have gone on that day.  Their was only 1 other patient in the office so they can't use the excuse that they were slammed.  They obviously do not value customer service nor do they care about fostering any long term relationships.  If they did, I would have received a call from the owner, the dentist or even the receptionist within 24 hours of walking out on my appointment.  I would highly recommend anyone looking for a dentist in the Northwest part of Las Vegas avoid going to this place!!  If I could give them ZERO stars, I would have!!!
5	I travel a lot, but will always find time to visit this office. They are always willing to accommodate to my crazy schedule and the staff is so nice and welcoming. I'm always impressed with the office- it's well maintained, modern, clean, and comfy, because we all know going to the dentist can feel unnerving, but Cheyenne Dental Group knows how to take care of their patients. My teeth always feel movie star sparkly and clean after a visit with the sweet hygienist and super funny Dr.'s. It's always thorough enough to get all the yucky plaque out, but gentle enough to let me focus on watching whatever current movie is on. Always a good selection by the way, I almost want to stay longer to finish whatever I'm watching. Dr. Tounian gives great advice on oral care and listened to all my concerns and needs. Then addresses them, creates a plan of action and takes care of them... All while I'm relaxing to the point of droooool city. I highly recommend this office and their amazing Dentists and their lovely work! Thanks Dr. Tounian!
2	went for a cleaning on Dec. 18 2013. This was my second visit.  The first cleaning was mediocre but they were easy to get an appointment with so I went again.  The suggested a "deep cleaning" which sounded good (and it was a good cleaning). They double checked with my insurance to make sure I would be covered and it wouldn't cost me anything. They said it was completely covered by my insurance and it wouldn't cost me anything extra.  I just got a bill from the insurance.  They charged $896 for the cleaning!  With insurance covering $684.80 of it.After calling them to inquire about the charge, they said I wouldn't be billed for the portion of the charge not covered by the insurance. ... which is a plus.So basically, they try to get the maximum amount the insurance will pay for any service.  I asked about standard rates for services, she said they don't have standard rates, they take whatever the insurance will give them.They didn't like my review very much and have called me twice since so I'll clarify.  The actual dental cleaning was good. They did a very good job.  I only have a problem with their billing practice.  Although they took care to not charge me out of pocket, when charging an, in my opinion, outrageous amount for a cleaning, it is still bad business practice (good for them though).   Most people probably don't pay attention to how much gets charged to their insurance since insurance pays for it, however, when you have a limited amount of coverage such as myself, a $684 cleaning eats up good portion of my total coverage leaving less funds for other dental work, such as a retainer, filling etc.
5	I really hope I never have to go anywhere else for dental work. This place is great! The staff is so friendly and helpful. They are happy to answer any questions, helpful with payment plan information, and great with follow-up calls to make sure everything is going well after my visit there.Dr. Rhou is very knowledgeable and gentle with anesthetic shots. The entire team is so kind and they all make you feel comfortable. Whenever my husband and I go, they peek their heads in to the waiting room just to say hello.Highly recommend it here!
5	In all honesty I have never been a big fan of dentits, who is really, but I really enjoy having to come here when I need to get my teeth worked on. Everyone here is so friendly it makes me happy to come see them all. And if you have trouble affording your treatment they will work with you to and provide different options to help you pay your bill that won't kill your wallet.  All in all I hope I do not need to see them to often (I mean that in a good way) but I am glad if I have to.
5	After moving to Vegas from LA, I checked out a few Dentist offices around town. This was the only office that did not try to up sell me on unnecessary procedures or laser treatments. The staff were very friendly, patient, and understanding! I'm so thankful I found this wonderful office. I highly recommend!
