5	Body Butter for the desert dwellers...The only prdoucts to keep our skin supple in this dry desert heat. Not to mention the happy to be alive vibe from the most beautiful people in skin and soul care in Las Vegas. Terry is my prince.I prefer rose petal fragrance, but lemongrass is all to nice. The amazing face cream takes years off your face Honey I shrunk the pores- invigorates Join the caravan of love
5	I love Simply Divine Botanicals which lives up to its name. I especially  love the Amazing Face Rejuvenating Moisturizer and the Black Velvet Fabulous Foaming Facial Cleanser. The lotions are wonderful too.  A co-worker years ago was talking about how great the products were, so I decided to try them. I was hooked. I've been buying these items on and off for years ever since and I'm always happy when I do. The products may seem expensive but they last a long time, as a little goes a long way. These products truly are natural and toxin free which I think is important when you put something on your body everyday. Not every product I use is natural and I'm not a vegetarian / vegan like some of the people who use natural products ....BUT these products are all that! They smell so nice and you feel good when you use them! The great thing is these products are all natural yet work as well and better than all the other face / body care out there. Ordering is easy through the website which lists all the stores that carry Simply Divine. A real treat!
4	Simply Divine indeed!No trip to Las Vegas could ever be complete without a visit to Simply Divine Botanicals Headquarters to stock up on super fresh batches of Divine lotions and potions  which are created daily on the premises.Best and freshest botanicals and minerals used to produce the most heavenly, love infused, and divine inspired creams and balms. A few of the products I Simply cannot live without: Outer Body Experience foaming cleanser for face, hair and body (peppermint/grapefruit), Keeping Abreast of It (deodorant with a purpose, encourages lymphatic drainage and circulation), and Gypsy Rose Tea toner (Inspired by a 1500-year old formula made by Gypsies for the Queen of Hungary)...not to mention You Are My Everything- a unique blend to energize, beautify, nourish and detoxify. Truly a God send for when I'm on the road for long stretches at a time.
5	Love Love Love!The products are All Natural Essential Oils! I want to keep it a secret because it's so amazing! But that wouldn't be right, because there are men and women out there that need these chemical free products! They have the sample kits to purchase and they will also give you a few samples to take home if requested. Great Customer Service. Thank You Kathy!
