3	Gigi's opened up on Wednesday, October 5th and was it packed! People were standing around drooling over the delicious looking cupcakes and the staff was charming everyone with cupcake descriptions. The selection was vast and everything looked amazing in the glass containers. The cupcakes were enormous - the frosting on some cupcakes were at least 3 inches high. (No joke!) While the menu for the day is posted on the wall (they have rotating flavors based on the day), I ignored that and stared at the display case with fervor. Immediately, I knew what I wanted. I ordered the Kentucky Bourbon Pie, the Pumpkin White Chocolate, the Midnight Magic and the Grasshopper. Once back in the office, I dug in to the Kentucky Bourbon Pie. To put it lightly, this cupcake is loaded. The cake is dense with chocolate chips and nuts. The frosting is thick with chocolate and caramel drizzled on top and then topped with nuts. The presentation is beautiful, if not over the top. The cupcake itself was good, but with so many flavors I only really noticed it was sweet - super sugary sweet.  That night, the husband and I ate the Midnight Magic and couldn't finish it. The cake itself wasn't moist and just mediocre. Combined with the frosting, it was better. The frosting itself was good, nice and chocolately, but there was so much of it that I just couldn't finish it. The following day, I shared the Pumpkin White Chocolate cupcake with the husband. The pumpkin cake was good. Nothing spectacular since it tasted like something I could make from a box. The frosting was again 3 inches high and overwhelming. The husband liked the frosting more than me, but he loves white chocolate. Finally, we ate the Grasshopper. This is chocolate cake with mint frosting and Andes Mints on top. Again, the cake wasn't as moist as I like and the frosting was way too minty. Overall, I was a little disappointed but I understand that it was the first day and maybe some baking kinks need to be worked out. I would like to try some of their other cupcakes because they sound good. I felt the price was a little pricey at $15 for 4 cupcakes, especially since I can get 4 cupcakes at Urban Cookies for less. This definitely won't replace Urban Cookies, but if I need a cupcake fix while at work, this is really close and worth a try.
2	I agree with Nicole's comments.  Stopped in today (10/10) and tried two different flavors - carrot and lemon.  Both were dry - I've had better tasting ones from a box mix - and the icing was overwhelming in quantity, underwhelming in taste.  If you're only going to offer one commodity, you need to make sure it's outstanding, and unfortunately, these cupcakes weren't even close.
2	No gluten free cupcakes!!! well....only 1 day a week compared to Sprinkles that has them EVERY day....and 2 kinds!!! My husband had one and the way they put the cupcake in the box makes it near impossible to remove without getting icing all over your hands...another thubs down on that...and the cupcake wrapper does not easily remove like the Sprinkles cupcakes wrapper does. Cupcakes were not moist or fresh tasting....and also a bit hard...:(( Would I visit again??? likely not...Sprinkles is by far the best cupcake place in the valley.......plus they have gluten free every day of the week instead of just 1 day per week....big downer for people with gluten allergies.
2	I agree with the above review.  The cake part was nothing more than a box type mix.  The frosting looked appealing since it was 70% of the cupcake.  I purchased the cheesecake cupcake.  It tasted like cream cheese with that sugary grainy frosting mixed in.  My husband got the tuxedo which is GF and has a marshmallow frosting.  Meh.  They look much better than they taste.  Now I wouldn't mind the quality or taste as much if they were not so expensive.  Why? Go to Sprinkles and pay more but get a bigger one you can split with someone.  If they were $1.50 I would go back for more.  I hope this business works out for the owners.  Like another reviewer said...if you sell one product it better be the BEST product in it's class.
5	I am honestly SHOCKED by the bad reviews of this place. I almost didn't try it because of them, but I like to find out for myself - especially if we're talkin cupcakes. Sure glad I did... These things are DELICIOUS (...therefore dangerous...;))!!The lady behind the counter was really sweet...she patiently answered all my questions about what each cupcake consisted of. They have a huge selection and each day the menu varies. I did ask if they were made daily and she said absolutely, they bake them fresh everyday. I chose red velvet (of course), sugar mama (with little sugar babies on top!!), chocolate peanut butter cup, and a black and white (chocolate cake w cream cheese frosting - I think they have that one everyday). I got them to share and had a little bit of each - except the PB one - and they were deeeeeeelicciouusssss! The mound of frosting is bigger than the size of the cupcake, which is HEAVEN in my opinion. I'm all about the frosting.. They are super fresh, moist, not too heavy (although pretty rich - how could it not?)... And let's not forget PRETTY. These are one hundred percent, without a doubt, THE BEST cupcakes I've ever had. In the words of my boss as I forced him to eat half - after telling him they're nothing like Sprinkles, they're ridiculously delicious - "Sprinkles is like stale, three day old, dried out, overpriced s***. This.. Oh my god, this is gooooooooood!" So my advice is... Try one. You won't be sorry.
2	I am shocked that anyone would write a review and give this place more than three stars at best.I went to Gigi's and bought 3 cupcakes. The first was a texas milk chocolate, this one was the best and the only reason why I am giving  this review 2 stars. It was moist, but nothing special, just a chocolate cupcake, and not worth $3.50. The next two were awful and we ended up throwing them away after a couple of bites. One was a lemon cake with strawberry frosting and the other was a strawberry cake with chocolate frosting.  They both were dried out and only had a hint of strawberry and lemon. They said that there was fresh strawberries in the strawberry one, but I could not find any.  The frosting was nothing special just a normal buttercream frosting, it was mediocre.Only one out of the 3 cupcakes was edible and that one was only mediocre.I will never go there again, these cupcakes are not worth the money. I normally just bake cakes and cookies, but I know that I could make better cupcakes than Gigi's.
5	Great company and they give back to the community!Delicious and affordable, so happy to have them in Scottsdale, AZ.
2	Nothing special.  Icing is heavy and there is too much on each cupcake.  The flavor in the chocolate cupcake was good though.  Better than Sprinkles.
5	I was waiting for this place to open when I noticed the sign in this new business development. I have been looking for a decent cupcake that isn't made with high fructose sugar and shortening and the organic ones at Whole Foods were too oily for me. Around Halloween, I was craving sugar and went into Gigi's. Personally, I'd rather just eat frosting and skip the cake. As a kid (and adult), I have been known to eat the frosting off cakes and toss the cake into the sink/trash. So...when I saw loads of frosting and beautifully decorated cupcakes - I was excited. I asked the ingredients (I choose my poisons carefully) and the young girls behing the counter weren't sure but Gigi came out and said they didn't use organic ingredients but they did use sugar and butter. YEAY! I couldn't decide so I selected six to share with my friend and his kids (an excuse to try 6!). All of them were my favorite - salted caramel, cheesecake, coconut, red velvet and wedding cake and a chocolate. I was glad his kids only wanted a little so I could eat them over the next few days which I did. Kind of ridiculous that I run 3-5 miles a day and eat a cupcake.I haven't gone back yet but everyday my car wants to go to Gigi's. Maybe it will be this week since it's Thanksgiving and it's a week to pork out!!
2	After driving by 25 times or so I decided to drop in & try some cupcakes finally. The girl working the counter was bubbly, knowledgeable, & helpful. I selected 4 different cupcakes. A wedding cake, midnight chocolate chip, Peanut Butter Cup, & a Red Velvet one. Like a lot of desserts, they were quite appealing to the eye. They were very pretty cupcakes. To my disappointment the cake itself was dry & not very flavorful. I've had much better cake from a Betty Crocker box, honestly. The frostings were good, but quite excessive. I like frosting a lot & I couldn't finish it all. Lastly, the were overpriced in my opinion. $15 & some change for 4! If I'm going to pay that much, I'll just go to Sprinkles. I really wanted to like this place :-(
1	Stopped into Gigi's yesterday, won't be going back anytime soon.. Cupcakes look and taste like they been on the display shelves for days as the cake and frosting appeared to be on the VERY dry side..
5	Honestly what is wrong with people? This place is wonderful, have you never heard of if you can't say anything nice don't say anything at all? These people are trying their hearts out I. A terrible economy and all you can do is address the negative? No gluten free cupcakes? C'mon, it's a cupcake store!! Are the ingredients organic? C'mon! These are homemade  works of art that use real ingredients! And they take time and love to make! Of course they are expensive because they didn't come out of a can or bag and microwaved! Really I am getting fed up with the idea that because you eat, you are qualified to be a food critic!  If you want cheap, go to hostess, because their ingredients are not real....oh wait! Didn't they go out of business? Exactly. Places like Sprinkles who are indeed good, get better pricing from their purveyors than a place like this does, did you know that? In point the not so nice reviews you folks put up on everybody's sites , but especially the Mom and Pop places may make you feel like an important person for a brief moment, but the effects of that review are long term and hurt the families that are fed by these small businesses. If you don't like a place, I suggest you do what I do: Simply don't go back! No need to bash, okay? Too many self centered people with the power of the pen are destroying  small business!  You may like this place but I do! And for the record, I am just a customer!
1	I am always in this little shopping center and have been wanting to try Gigi's Cupcakes for a long time!  I finally had the time to stop in and get a cookies and cream cup cake.  Lets just say the best thing about this place is there branding!  I love the boxes and packaging they have!  I just wish there product was as good as the packaging!  When I opened my box, the first thing I was treated to was a lovely dark hair on the top of my frosting!  I then cut the top of the frosting off and carefully ate the rest of the frosting.  Honestly, store bought frosting is better then this stuff!  It is so DRY!  The actual cake part was not bad, but it wasn't anything I couldn't whip up in my own oven!  All in all, you paying a lot for an average joe cupcake (with a hair on it).
3	The cupcakes are tasty for me abit too much icing which is what they rely upon to make you like them. At 3.5 for a single cupcake they value isnt great but a nice treat!
3	The cupcakes are greatly decorated, but they don't taste quite as good as they look. They are a little on the dry side, and be aware that literally half of the cupcake you are purchasing is frosting. If you like frosting, then this is the place for you, but it's a little too much for my taste. Personally, I would prefer buying cupcakes at Sprinkles.
2	Cute packages but not at all my kind of cupcake. I prefer Sprinkles in Phoenix or better yet  Crumbs, Molly's in Chicago or Amy's bread in NYC. Only three cupcakes were available and we tried banana and chocolate. The hershey's kiss was an automatic turnoff. The low quality chocolate suggested a low quality product. The packaging allowed my friend's cupcake to be squished which was sad. The cupcakes are 50% frosting and 50% cake. The cake is moist enough but I didn't find them good enough to be worth finishing or the calories.
1	More like "Gigi's FROSTINGs".  Being a cupcake addict, I had to try the newest place in town. Sadly they weren't satisfying and I won't be returning because I love cupcakes, not frosting.And the big kicker: the PRICE... even with a "Buy 3 get 1 free" coupon it was $12! ($3 per cupcake!) No thanks. As you probably guessed already, Gigi's overloads their cupcakes with frosting; there is more frosting than cupcake (literally)!  I ending up scraping off 3/4 of the frosting and stuck it in the freezer to frost my own treats.  It's thick, heavy, super sweet frosting, too. Of the 4 different cupcakes, they all tasted similar; it was almost as though they had no originality (then again maybe it was because of all the frosting!).  The cake itself was not dry, nor was it moist but rather in-between. Except for the strawberry one which had turned the cake into mush all around the strawberry (eww).Bottom line: you'll be paying top dollar for sub-par cupcakes... maybe if they put as much effort into their cupcakes as they do their packaging and pretty pink delivery vans (really?!?!), they might produce something delish.
5	I am shocked to see any negative reviews! I have been here several times and have had nothing but delectable treats EVERY time!My first experience was last November when I had dragged my feet and hadnt gotten anything for my little guys 1st birthday party! So I went in the DAY before and the staff was amazing! So accommodating! Their regular pastry chef that does the fondant had already left but they said they'd come up w something for me w buttercream. They made the most adorable Cookie Monster and Elmo cupcakes out of buttercream!!! They were perfect! Huge hit w the kiddos and adults!I also on that occasion, and several since have had many other favors. The blackberry cobbler was something I never would have ordered, but is probably the BEST cupcake I have EVER had! Blackberries and white chocolate chips baked into the cupcake if I remember correctly and oh the frosting... Amazing. The chocolate chip cookie dough is ridiculous, the frosting tastes like you're eating the batter out of the bowl... Need I say more? I could go on, because I haven't had a bad one yet.But I will say, I've had sprinkles several times from going in maybe twice, and friends buying them. Not a fan, dry and can't hold a candle to these. No comparison. And in regard to people complaining about too much frosting, don't eat it all if its too much. I'd rather have a little extra to scrape off, than not enough.Lastly, unlike some other cupcake shops in town where the staff acts annoyed to help you, this place is full of very nice, helpful staff who want to help you. I will be going back again and again. As I have 2 boys who love their cupcakes too!
1	Warning: TOO MUCH FROSTING.Once, in the 5th grade, I had a party at the park. I had the biggest 90's kid cake you could ask for, and it had holy crap 90's frosting. I ate and end piece, and regretted it later when I was throwing up blue colored crap in the bushed of encanto park.Since then, I can never understand charging $3.50 for ONE cupcake, when 75% of the cupcake is just frosting. I wish there was a 1.75 version which was just the cup-cake and a smaller layer of sprinkles or something. I really think you lose the taste in all the frosting.
1	Not much to add to what some of the previous reviews have said.  Wish I had read them before going there. If there's something I really hate, it's bake goods that look better than they taste!  In this case the cupcakes are piled high with frosting and decorated adorably, but it's all an illusion.  You don't know until you cut into it that it's 75% frosting!  There is way more frosting than cake and what cake we did taste was nothing special.  Tasted no better than what you can get from a store box mix or from a grocery store bakery.  Definitely not worth the premium price of $3.50.  I think Sprinkles is over rated, but they are a much better value than Gigi's.
2	I stopped in here unexpectedly.  I really wanted to like them as they are so close to where I work. I tried one of the daily specials, Champagne Raspberry (I think it was called).  The gal helping was very sweet and informative, but the cake was a little hard, dry and dense.  The frosting was super sweet and too thick for me, and had sugar crystals sprinkled on it.  I like frosting that melts in your mouth and does not crunch.  If I had noticed the sugar sprinkles ahead of time, I probably would have changed my order.  I'm thinking I should try it one more time, and this time get the dark chocolate cupcake - as dark chocolate truly is my favorite anything.
5	Tried Gigi's Mini cupcakes - a few different flavors - last night at the Gigi's booth at the Taste of Scottsdale event. TO. DIE. My 2 favorite flavors were Strawberry Shortcake and Kentucky Bourbon. All the girls in my group unanimously voted Strawberry Shortcake to be the best flavor ever, the cupcakes were honestly so incredible. It doesn't take a huge cake to fill you up and make you feel you've had a treat. Each cupcake is so flavorful I don't think you could have a bad experience. I'm surprised by all the mediocre reviews! Go back for a repeat visit, haters, and see if maybe you were having an off-day when you gave Gigi's 3 stars.
1	A couple of weeks ago, I set up an appointment to taste cupcakes for my birthday. When I got there today, the lady working there had no idea what we were talking about. The manager then came out and said "we only do tastings for wedding." She said that after she set up the appointment with us. We will never go there again. This is a huge disappointment. Also, the frosting has way too much it makes you sick. This is ridiculous..!
3	Because I want to like them so much (I mean, a store full of whimsical cupcakes, how much fun is that?), I tried them a few more times.  This time I went with the midnight magic cupcake, which is chocolate on chocolate.  This was MUCH better than the first cupcakes I tried.  The frosting was still too much, but not too sweet.  Since then I have tried a couple other flavors (mochachino, candy bar crunch and sopapilla).  The mochachino and sopapilla were very good.  The candy bar crunch was just okay.  Overall, I like them better now that I've tried a few different flavors, however, it seems to be hit and miss.  Also, the frostings always seem to be just a tad too sweet for my liking.
1	I stopped in yesterday for a cupcake because I was excited to see a new place so close to my house. I was very discouraged when I walked in with the girl behind the counter didn't seem as though she wanted to be there. Along with asking her questions about there cupcakes she seemed as though she had no knowledge of her work for instance I asked if the chocolate hazelnut cupcake was like a Ferrero Roche and she just explained what the cupcake was and just so everyone knows YES it was inspired by the chocolate candy... I also was disappointed with the cupcake, that frosting was hard and the cake was not moist
1	Pretty cupcake, but certainly not worth the calories!!  Very dry cake and the frostings all tasted alike. We were very disappointed and will not be using the rest of our free cupcake coupons.
4	I think these cupcakes are delicious! I can only believe that the negative reviews are a petty way to keep other customers away so the neg. reviewers have full choice of cupcakes!  I got 6 cupcakes and ALL were yummy! I'll be back!
3	My husband and I stopped in after eating lunch nearby. The girl behind the counter was so nice and friendly! We got their Tuesday special, for which 4 different cupcakes were only $2 each. In my opinion, there was not too much frosting and it was delicious. True, there was as much frosting as cake, but I like that. If you don't want to eat all that frosting, don't. However, if I had paid the full $3.50 for a cupcake I would have been a little disappointed, as I could go to Wal-Mart and get the same cupcake for cheaper.
4	Folks. This place would go out of business quick if they sold the cupcake with just a marginal layer of frosting. If you don't like frosting, scrape some off!! Otherwise it's like saying "I don't like a particular mexican place because they put a lot of beans in my burrito." Otherwise, enjoy because the frosting makes the cupcake here. Pretty rich, but certainly not bland. Enjoy wedding cake and red velvet, or cookie dough. I've tried others but those are my favorite.
5	Really nice young blonde gal working the register and pretty much running the shop this afternoon. Most Scottsdale area employees have attitudes by default but she was helpful and nice, wish I caught her name to supply here!As far as the cupcakes go, I worked in a cupcake shop for about two years as a teen, so I know the deal. The reason most shops use so much frosting because it's easier to scrape off extra frosting then to add  some after purchase. I got the White Chocolate Pumpkin and Coconut cupcakes, and both were delicious. White chocolate frosting was delicious and sweet, as it should be, it's a freakin cupcake. The cakes themselves were still really moist for it being late in the afternoon, vanilla cake in coconut was perfect. Most shops only bake once in the morning so the fact they were still moist is awesome. Overall will be back :)
4	Try the flavor of the month: Bananas Foster - yum!
4	My daughter & I finally got to try Gigi's cupcakes today. We loved them. We had one strawberry lemonade cupcake & one apple pie cupcake. The cakes were moist & delicious & the frosting was perfect! The service was excellent & I was happy to find out that they have a rewards program.
3	Service was good. Cupcakes were disappointing. I've had them once before snd it was amazing, but this time quite the opposite. The frosting was good (but be prepared for a lot of frosting. If you don't like frosting this isn't your stop) but the cake was dry. Actually very dry.
4	Every cupcake I have tried has been really good. The prices for the mini's are rather high, but service is always good and they have a great loyalty program.
1	Insipidly sweet big frosting on top of  stale cake. Pretty to look at - but stop there. I wish they were closed when I went by on FLW Blvd. Service was less than uninspired
5	I was so surprised to look this place up and see that it only had 3 stars! These are the best cupcakes I have ever had! I'm not a huge cupcake fan to begin with-- I'd always rather have ice cream than cake-- but I could eat these everyday. They are so light and the frosting is delicious. When the cupcake craze started I went to sprinkles and hated the heavy muffin-like cake and hard frosting. These were the complete opposite and oh so yummy!
2	I have purchased from Gigi's on several occasions. Wasn't overwhelmed by the quality or flavors. It seems as though the cupcakes are always stale?! Service has been good each time I have visited. Overall, I'm not sure I would return as the cake just seems too dry. I really miss Sweet Tooth Fairy since they moved out of the area.  Go with low expectations.
1	I went to Gigi's with my daughter  to get cupcakes for my grandson's 7th birthday party . The guy helping us was new so we got off to a very slow start. Looking at the menu on the leaderboard above the young man we thought it said a dozen stAndard cupcakes for $24, we ordered 3 dozen. Another man charged up $139 for 3 dozen. We called his attention to above menu. Oh $24 for a dozen mini cupcakes, we purchased them anyway, embarrassed for not understanding their menu. Later we had a cupcake thinking at that price they would be fabulous. Wrong, dry, crumbly dry, obviously a couple days old.  The menu does not state price for regular size cupcakes per dozen, only minis. $139 for 3 dozen stale cupcakes unbelievable. Won't go back! Good luck to you
1	My family loves Gigi's Cupcakes and we've purchased them several times.  Last week I purchased two cupcakes, got them home and realized they were not baked that day - they were dry, stale and inedible.  I called the store THREE TIMES over the past few days and left messages for a manager.  I have YET to receive a call back.  The gal I spoke with yesterday said she would text the manager and leave a message on his desk and that he would call me back this a.m. Still no call.  No need to frequent this shop anymore.
4	Headed here with a co-worker and grabbed up one cupcake each to enjoy with our coffees from next door. They definitely have a lot of frosting on them, but nothing that kept me from enjoying the cupcake overall.  I had a chocolate on chocolate cupcake that had a ganache like frosting on it.  I ended up taking a bit of the frosting off and simply not eating it with the rest of the cupcake, so they could definitely save themselves on cost by not putting so much on there, but the cake itself was done well and the frosting tasted great once you removed a touch.The staff was super friendly and answered a couple of questions we had about what was in each of the ones we debating on. They have adorable little boxes that they put them in, and they are great for transport without the cake falling over and the frosting getting everywhere.Overall: B+A good stop off for a sweet bite if you are in the area - grab up a cup of coffee next store and enjoy them together!
5	I'm not really sure where the bad reviews come from. Gigi's makes some of the best cupcakes in the valley. However, if you like Sprinkles, you won't think so. Sprinkles = plastic vs. Gigi's = sweet flavor. I'm so happy that I finally live close to a Gigi's location...probably not the best for my hips though ;-)If the ice cream machine is working, get a cupcake shake. They are to die for! Otherwise, all the cupcakes are good. Just pick a flavor (or two) that sounds good and you will be glad you did.
4	Went for my birthday and was excited to find out I got a free cupcake for my birthday! (thank you!)I got a banana split and a princess. I love the princess one, it's been one of my favorites. I always find myself taking most of the frosting off the cupcakes, but the cake is sweet and moist enough to makeup for all the frosting I remove. Husband got the banana split and the Kentucky bourbon cupcake. We both thought the banana split was good, but I had to google it to find out what kind of cake it was because it had a unique flavor...to find out it was strawberry!?! Tasted nothing like my princess cupcake (that's also strawberry). Again it was good....just didn't taste like strawberry and the frosting is way too sweet and half or more got discarded and honestly I was sick from what I did eat all day. The Kentucky bourbon was so good! Husband said it was very moist and dense and with the frosting the cupcake was heavy. Still the flavor was amazing. Bottom line: I always find the cake here is very good and sweet enough that all that frosting is not needed! Customer service here has always been average. I've never had great service and over never had bad service, unorganized maybe or short tempered maybe, but nothing terrible.
1	Super cute place inside but sadly the cupcakes are gross! The frosting is piled high and the flavor is so flat. The cake tastes like it comes from a boxed mix. I would rather they put less frosting on the cupcakes but use better ingredients.  Lots of frosting is delicious when it tastes good. Otherwise, a big waste None of us liked the cupcakes. Disappointing!
3	Cute place , I'm a fan of their decor ! I flipped through some of their cupcake/ cake design books . I have to say I was impressed ! One day I might just have to order a cake from them. The cupcakes are good , but not fantastic. It has been mentioned in other reviews that they are rather flavorless. I would have to agree but the frosting is what saves them in my opinion.  Customer service wise the girls behind the counters are often not friendly. On two separate occasions the girls behind the counter looked pissed off that I was in their presence. Gigi's cupcakes is ok .
4	Gigi's is my 'go-to' for Birthday or celebration cupcakes. I haven't actually eaten one myself, but everyone I have gifted them upon has raved about them! I buy them one at a time, so the price doesn't bother me too much, but buying a full box would be way out of my price range.There are traditional flavors, but also fun things that rotate like Bourbon Pecan and Red Velvet, etc. Also gluten free options in the right hand case. The girls working here are sugary sweet and very nice. They will try to sell you on their free membership for discounts and check in offers. Enjoy!
4	Cupcakes were yummy. Wish they were closer to where I live.
1	Too much thick, sugary frosting on some of the cupcakes. Some of the cakes can be dry. Plus the owner never realized charges were not going through on his payment system, then realized the error 8 months later and posted all the old charges- 7 of them to my account in one day! I thought I had identity theft w/ 7 charges in 1 day! My debt card, pin and online bank passwords had to be changed prior to finding out the real problem after talking with the owner. By then I was very inconvenience, spent a lot of time dealing w/ the bank and now no debt card for 7-10 days. Will not be going back! What kind of quality controls do you have if you don't know your POS system is not processing cards correctly! This issue did not just effect me.
2	Daughter and I were so excited to try Gigi's, but were sadly not impressed with the taste and flavors.  The cupcakes were not spectacular and lacked that best cupcake in the world flavor as they weren't as moist or what we expected.  There was just way too much frosting which also added to the disappointment- too sweet and bland.  We tried the chocolate salted caramel, wedding cake and vanilla and choc minis, really these were so mediocre at best.
