5	I had not found a new dentist since moving to the Valley of the Sun. But, I have always taken pride in my smile. So, I finally scheduled an appointment. I liked how the office is conveniently located in Scottsdale just off the 101 exit at Pima RD/90th ST. Unlike some other doctors' offices, I only had to wait a couple minutes before being taken back for my cleaning and exam. The office is filled with warm and friendly employees. The cleaning by the hygienist was gentle, but through. Dr. Schwartz was very knowledgeable and willing to answer all of my questions. I would recommend this office to anyone looking for a new dentist. I know I will back in 6 months for my next cleaning.
5	I got Invisalign from here and had it for a very short period of time. Although I didn't have it for a long period, Dr. Schwartz also threw in Zoom Whitening, and made my gum line symmetrical to that of each specific tooth for aesthetic purposes. He made my smile very nice. Even to this day, years later, it's the first thing people notice and continuously comment on. I'm so happy I sought him out as a dentist, and couldn't have chosen any Cosmetic & General Dentist better than him. He also has easy road access to his dental facility from the 101 and Pima/90th St. Great atmosphere, great customer service, and the office is a sterile, cleanly, and luxurious environment. He does a great job! Very happy with my results. I highly recommend him.
5	I've had a terrible time finding a trustworthy dentist.My husband's insurance coverage was for an HMO, and our choices were horrific.My employer suggested I try Dr. Shwartz.I'm so happy I did-he was kind enough to explain why our dental coverage stunk (very eye opening), and what I needed to have done.There was no attempt to up sell, or suggest other things that I may need.He was super honest and friendly.HIs staff is fantastic!! You're greeted by name when you walk in, and made super comfortable; you can even watch tv while you're getting work done.
4	I had to take a friend to have an evening dental procedure done at Pima Dental yesterday.  I was first impressed that an office would stay open late to accommodate patients who are unable to come in during the day.  As it was going to be a couple of hours for the procedures to be done, I'd already planned to stay up there and just read, or draw.  When we got there I was pleasantly surprised to find that their waiting room comes with satellite tv and a bunch of channels to be able to keep up with the world while my friend "went under".  As I'm currently in the process of packing care packages to send to military in Afghanistan I went up to the front desk, where Dr. Schwartz was talking to my friend (pre-procedure) and asked him if he knew of a dental supply place that would offer toothbrushes/toothpaste to soldiers so I could send it over.  I didn't expect anything from Dr. Schwartz.  The man doesn't know me at all.  But he walked into the back and came back with THREE BOXES of toothpaste to send over to the soldiers.  SERIOUSLY!  Who does that?  Apparently, Dr. Schwartz does.  People may say, "Well he gets that stuff free."  First off, dentists have to pay for the toothbrushes these days, but regardless if he got the toothpaste free or not, he didn't have to give them to me.  He could have just said, "No, I'm sorry, I don't know."  But he didn't.  He went back and took a bunch of his stock and gave it to me to ship over to the heroes from our country serving somewhere else.   If I didn't already have a dentist I love (and nearer to me), I'd be signing up to have Dr. Schwartz be my dentist.  Not just because of his selfless gift, but also my friend - an admitted chicken when it comes to dentists - COMPLETELY trusts this man and his staff. Speaking of, his front desk receptionist is an absolute doll.  I was extremely impressed by my visit to Pima Dental.
5	Pima Dental Rocks!  Dr. Schwartz is the coolest dentist.  He is very hands on and pays attention to his practice.  He's extremely knowledgeable, honest and efficient. They are very punctual with their appointments.   His office staff is wonderful and you feel like you are a friend there.   Easily scheduling, nice facility and great location off the 101 and 90th street.  Great dental practice - highly recommend!
