5	Free delivery, no tips. Hello, Lettuce Carry!How I ever lived without my groceries delivered to my front door, I'll never know. Lettuce Carry is a new business that offers an affordable alternative to in-store grocery shopping. They have a warehouse in Pineville that they stock from the mainstream vendors, but since they don't have to pay for shelving, store signage, etc., they are able to offer competitive prices to the consumer and the best part is they bring it to me when I'm ready!You shop online. They have a pretty friendly website and the graphics are really "cute." It's almost like playing a video game, but in the end you actually get something out of it. They also have organic items and they are trying to partner with local farmers and breweries. Yay for partnerships like these!They have a twitter account @lettucecarry and they are excellent with customer service. If there is an item I'm looking for and cannot find online, they send me a response within 24 hours. I've even been so lucky to find what I was looking for in my grocery bag...they go above and beyond to make me happy! I wish all businesses would be like this...the world revolving around me has such a good ring to it. This service is perfect for everyone: if you live Uptown and find it a hassle to carry multiple bags into your condo, if you have children and it can be difficult shopping, or if you're like me and you and your partner work around the clock...Lettuce Carry helps make your "to dos" that much simpler. Another perk is that they bring reusable bags each time and instead of collecting multiple bags, you can swap them out during the next delivery! No waste there!Try them out...you will not be sorry!
5	I am pretty stingy with my five star reviews .....Lettuce Carry really deserves six!!!  Thank you Faith D for recommending this service!  I placed an order Monday evening for groceries through their website lettucecarry.com and had the groceries delivered to my door today!  The website is easy to navigate and there are plenty of options - they even have yeast for making bread!!!  I was sure they wouldn't but they did!!  I also got super fresh produce, beer and other grocery items.  Prices were reasonable and they insist NO TIPS for the drivers.  They did check my ID (I am at the age where this is delightful!) when they got here because of the beer.  They filled out some paper work from my license while they were here so I don't think I will have to do that every time.  They have everything I needed and were on time with no issues at all delivered right to the door of my high-rise condo.  Love this service and I have no idea how I have lived without it so long!!  Thank you LettuceCarry!!!!  :-D
5	Lettuce Carry was great!  Good prices, no tipping, arrived on time!  I will definitely use this service again.  I have a full review posted on my blog.  http://aformercouchpotato.blogspot.com/2012/11/tonight-dinner-is-brought-to-you-by.html
5	This place is AMAZING!!! I never have to set foot in a grocery store again....THANK YOU!!!!! Great Organic selection. Prices VERY reasonable....and free delivery to my door! Yippee!
5	I love ordering things online. Everything. We are a homeschooling family of 8 and prefer to do and shop for fun things when we leave the house. Not go grocery shopping. I usually use the Harris Teeter online shopping service and occasionally splurge for delivery. So, when I saw the LettuceCarry.com billboard I had to try it out. In comparison, Lettuce Carry wins hands down! -HT costs $20 to deliver; $5 to pickup; LC is free -LC site could use a tweak here and there, but it's a lot easier and nicer than HT-LC and HT both have courteous delivery drivers!-The LC bags are nice- I'll exchange them when I reorder-I am a label reader; not a sale shopper. LC prices are very reasonableThis won't replace all my shopping, but it will be my weekly "fill in the gap" store to compliment my CSA (local produce, meat, dairy and eggs) and bulk (oats, flour, beans and rice) shopping.
5	Wow!  What a great service.  Just had our first delivery today.  Prompt.  Nice.  No tipping allowed.  A great service in CLT.  The prices are very comparable and being able to see your total before checkout was a help in setting and sticking to a food budget.  Will definitely be using them again!
5	I can not say enough good things about this service. I have used them twice now and the delivery driver is always so friendly. The first time I got a second day delivery for free, they insist on not accepting tips, though I certainly would give them one. I've gotten a blend of produce, meat and household products. They have a decent selection of organic produce as well. This time around I used the same day service and the delivery was prompt and friendly as always! I had ordered some beer and since I was at work, the driver was thoughtful enough to put it in a discreet bag so that no one could tell. No one at my work would care but how very nice! I absolutely love these guys and hope the best of success for them. They have been a lifesaver during a hectic holiday season.
5	Living in Las Vegas but working in Charlotte with no car makes some of the basic necessities like getting groceries a hassle.Lettuce Carry removes one of those hassles and then some.They deliver on Sunday which is uber-convenient.Considering there is NO "Service Fee" and NO "Delivery Fee" (if you opt for the next day delivery option), the prices are still competitive and the selection is more than adequate. In fact, I think I spent less than for a comparable trip to the Lion.Plus, I got to do my grocery shopping using my Surface Tablet from the comfort of my bed.The website was easy to use. The delivery man called before arrival, was courteous, and on time.Personally I think they should re-think the "no tipping" policy since tipping is a reward for exceptional service.Great job guys!When you're ready to franchise, send me a prospectus!
5	Lettuce Carry is AMAZING.  The prices are not high, they deliver for free, the drivers are friendly and wonderful.  No tipping or delivery fee!  (huge plus)The vegetables are fresher than Harris Teeter, I love them and have become hooked.5 stars!
4	Just received my first order. This is an awesome service for people, like me, who HATE grocery shopping. I would just caution everyone to read the description and not think that you're getting what's pictured. For  instance, I ordered pork chops. In the picture it shows 3 pork chops so I thought I was ordering a pack of pork chops. No I received just one. Lol! It says 1 in the description but I guess I wasn't paying attention. Also, I ordered breakfast sausage. The picture shown was of links but I received patties. No big deal but it would have been nice to know that. Overall, this is a great, convenient service and I will be ordering again!
1	I think this location is closed. The website doesn't work and when I called and left a message, no one returned my call.
1	FYI this place just went out of business due to health code violations! Sorry to see it go I really enjoyed getting my groceries from here! Not sure what the violations were but that's the story I'm getting!!!
