4	Itallian and american design classic men's clothing. Large selection with some great sales. Very knowledgeable staff.
4	This is a great little shop in the Arbo that stocks all sorts of menswear including casual shirts, sweaters, suits,  ties, shoes, hats, and etc. David has gotten a couple of custom shirts here as well as as several off-the-shelf items.  This is one of the shops I like to stop in when I want to pick up a gift for him because I know I can find something he'll like. The owner and staff are very friendly, and on many occasions, they will offer a glass of wine or other refreshment while you shop.
5	If you are a man that likes to dress in style I highly recommend Bruce Julian!  This sweet little shop located at the Arboretum is the home of unparalleled style and flair. They have a custom suit section where they will help you get the perfect fit (in-house alterations also!).  The suits are the latest fabrics and styles.  Gorgeous shirts, ties and bowties are also available.  A nice selection of caps and fedoras to choose from also.  They literally have everything to complete a whole outfit from head to toe!!This is a mens-only store ladies!  But feel free to head to the bar in the back and have a glass of wine while you wait for your man.  (If he spends too long in the dressing room go knock on the door.....there are uh....great pics in there you just have to see!)Will definitely be back!  :-D
5	A real mens clothier.  That's the bottom line with this place.  The price point can probably turn most away but I look at it a bit differently.  I figure that you can either go to Nordstrom, etc. and spend nearly the same amount and get not even close the amount of personal service.These people working here really know how to treat you.  Wine while you shop, recommendations on suitable attire and descriptions about the designers even.  I also love the fact that you can get a cool funky design or if you are leaning to something more conservative, they have that too.  Once you've fell in love with that special jacket, shirt, or pants they will even alter the clothes to give you that perfect fit right in the store.  No fussing around taking it somewhere else.  I suspect these people go to great lenghts to take care of all their customers.Bottom line, if you want personal service and to feel like a million bucks, go here.
5	I don't know squat about suits....I primarily dress in Jordan's and other various hoops/athletic gear.  Well as fate would have it, events started to pop up that required me to dress slightly better than a 6th grader.Rather than go to a department store and just be annoyed at how ignorant I am to how humans are supposed to dress, I yelped a place that can take care of that for me.  I found Bruce Julian Clothier and the Yelp reviews were spot on, too.  I walked into the store and asked for help with a suit, and within 15 mins I had a suit that met my needs.  The service was great. The employees were extremely helpful without being pushy.  They found a great suit based on my needs, and tailored it to fit me really well. The shopping experience was easy and borderline brainless.This place should move closer to the city.  I think it would do really well and be very popular.
