5	This location recently opened back up under new management, which is great for me. It is right on the way home and cheaper than some of the other dry cleaners in my area. Wednesday I dropped off some clothes for pick up Wednesday - including my attire for the Yelp Event @ Switch, so I needed to get them. I was nervous when the lady told me that I had a gift certificate for some reason. With dry cleaners that typically means something was damaged and here is a small token of empathy. She said she wasn't sure what the gift certificate was for...nervously I looked over the items and no notes about damaged articles...no missing pieces. I took the $10 certificate and went home.Soon after I arrived home I noticed I missed a phone call. It was the manager of the cleaners calling to explain the gift certificate. Nothing was wrong with the service. He stated that a few of my shirts were 100% cotton and he did dry clean them as requested; however, those shirts would be better laundered with a bit of starch. The gift certificate was for me to come back and have those shirts laundered on the store's dime. First, he didn't have to give a gift certificate - he completed the order as requested. Secondly, he didn't have to take the time to call and explain the certificate and the reasons behind it.  I will gladly accept this paper gift certificate in the amount of $10 and return future business to this location!That is customer service, and it is rare today.
4	Found this place while next door at the gym, its right down the street so it's really convienient.  They did a good job on my husbands shirts, were friendly and got it done on time.  I will come again, you should as well! Another great service in World Famous Queen(tucky)Creek!
4	they do good job
5	They do a fabulous job !  Proud to support a small business and members of the community.  Great job
5	What is wrong with me? Why am I reviewing a dry cleaner on Yelp?  Because they are good, friendly, fast and affordable.
3	decent pricing, fast service and they do a pretty good job. Staff does their job and I haven't had any issues.  Can't believe they are the closest dry cleaner to San Tan Valley.
