4	My relationship with yoga is strictly casual; it's a challenge, something I enjoy, something I know is good for me, but even though I've been seeing it for a while, I'm not quite ready to commit, financially or emotionally.  Hell, I don't even own a yoga mat.Given this attitude, the Bristo Yoga School suits me fine.  Classes are cheap, drop-in, and may be as small as four or as big as twenty depending on who turns up.  Here, you can do fun stretching followed by even more fun relaxing without feeling obliged to immerse yourself in the nuances of Indian philosophy, or the difference between Iyengar, Hatha and Ashtanga (which I have never understood).  Nor, in the classes I went to with Lisa, was I ever expected to perform any extreme poses, such as standing on my head, balancing on one little finger and such, which came as a great relief. I suspect (in fact I know) that more serious practitioners would be less impressed by the casual set-up of the Bristo Yoga School, but it's perfect for people me, the Sunday drivers of yoga.
3	Yoga classes with Edinburgh University society take place in Marchmont - no longer in handy Bristo Place for the students! The instructors are friendly enough, if a little too happy with life! They alternate frequently depending on the time of day, and style of yoga you're after. The schedule is handily constructed around most students' days, so morning, lunch and evening sessions.
5	After my first class here, a Beginners drop-in, I felt like I'd been hit by a train. A yoga train. Of goodness. (If getting hit by a train was a good thing.) I have done some yoga 10 years ago, in school, and so knew some basic moves. I also very naively thought it would be slow, stretching and hard but in a gentle way.10 minutes in and I, a seasoned runner, gym go-er and dancer, was sweating and shaking slightly from exertion. Again, in a good way. WOW! What a work out. And how grounding, and centering, and strengthening and calming. I could practically feel myself become stronger but softer at the same time.Bristo Yoga School offers at least 4 - 5 classes a day, every day including early morning led and non-led sessions, lunchtime and evening classes, courses and drop-ins. I don't know enough about yoga (yet) to repeat what they do but it is authentic Ashtanga yoga and from what I can glean from instructors, a form that isn't so regularly taught as it is sometimes more challenging than other forms of yoga.The teacher I had was really lovely, helpful and supportive. The people I met in the hallways pre and post class all seemed very friendly, serene and calm but also focussed. I would say this is a Yoga school for people who want to learn the good art and practice of Yoga, not a one-off stretchy-stretchy type number.I'm a bit of an all-or-nothing gal myself and when I start something new I want to make the best of it I can. I've done samba, ballet, salsa, running, weight training, pole fitness and yet I still found Bristo Yoga School a new and exciting challenge.
5	Wow. Just, wow. Oh, and om.I know I only wrote a review of this place recently, but that was after my first class. It was enough to convince me to go back, and a month later I am well and truly an Ashtanga yoga devotee.I didn't know much about the different styles of yoga before I started, but quickly came to realise that Ashtanga yoga is a more active-movement style yoga that is perhaps more intense, and more of a workout, than others.Going to a few of the Beginners II drop-in classes, they were pitched just right. I was a total noob, but with the patience of the teachers picked it up quickly. They never push you too far, and quietly go around the class as you follow the moves, adjusting a hand to put more pressure on the fingers, gently pushing your back a bit straighter, slightly twisting you a bit further round. In a month I feel I have improved quite a lot, and it's all down to the expertise of the teachers.With the suggestion that I begin the Morning Mysore class, I have now attended one of the evening classes, introduction to Mysore. This is the system of self-practice and teaching. Every Monday - Thursday morning this school holds a 7 - 9am Morning Mysore where all practioners come in and leave in their own time, to practice their full primary (or secondary) series. I've yet to attend one of these, but the introductory class was basically the same style - come in and practice - but with less advanced people attending so it was less nerve-wracking. Kat, the teacher, was very patient and great at helping me improve further.Karen, who set up the Bristo Yoga School, has done an amazing job of founding a little haven of at once tranquility and high energy on the corner of Bristo Square. Whilst the regular practioners here are perhaps more practiced than I, there is no air of superiority or intimidation that can happen in any "sport". It's a supportive, open, friendly environment and I'm not the only newbie or beginner.I couldn't recommend this school highly enough, either for those looking for a casual once-a-week yoga session; a full beginners / intermediate course; pilates; or to practice their Morning Mysore each day.
5	I've practised yoga on and off for the past 20 years and this is the first time I'm actually committed to my practice. I don't know if it is because I'm older now (younger in some respects, he he) and I'm coming to terms with myself to embrace exercise and have healthier habits (about time!!!), or perhaps I've tried oh so many other sporting disciplines that were not for me...  Perhaps it's a mix of all these but one thing I'm sure: it's been easier the moment I walked in the Yoga Bristo School and now I think I've finally found the place to finally commit. And I say this after practising different types of yoga (apart from sports) in many different places. Even though the school offers different "types" of yoga (vinyasa, hot vinyasa, power yoga and some others I can't recall now), they focus on Ashtanga Yoga (very powerful and energetic practice) and the Mysore style (self-practice). I started with their Beginners Block (8 classes, one session a week), went on to their Beginners 2 Block and have found the practice so engaging that I'm now attending 6 days a week (combining self-practice and sessions led by an instructor). I'd recommend people who do not know anything about yoga to start with one or two sessions a week. Then, if you feel like you can engage a bit more, go for more constant regular self-practice Mysore style. It's worked for me. Self-practice starts early in the morning and the instructor is there to help your with specific postures.In the past 4-5 months, there have been renovations in the studio (the school is located in the basement of an old church that is now a shelter, see map and photos) and now there are two  rooms for yoga practice. There's also a reception where you can also buy some yoga items (tops, leggings, mats, books, healthy snacks, etc). The staff is very friendly and generally very patient to answer all kind of questions about yoga practice. Instructors are always very helpful and careful dealing with your individual strengths or weaknesses. The school has also hosted teachers from other countries to give workshops and help with the mysore self-practice (at the moment of writing this review, we have a great instructor from Philadelphia). This is a very enriching experience.You can check their website for more information about the services they offer. It's important to register online so that you can book your classes, though you can also book and pay classes at the reception too. There are also classes for students of the University of Edinburgh (the school hosts the University's Yoga Society) and discounts if you're a student. There are also social yoga-oriented events during the year (chanting sessions, movie nights), making this school a lively yoga community.
3	So first of all - I'll be upfront and admit - I've been to 1.5 classes. Out of 4 (of a block of 6). I'm probably not going back for my last 2. Bristo Yoga does get a 3rd star because I did enjoy the '1' of my 1.5 class, but the rest of it ends in an 'eh'. On the first day of class, I turn up 20mins early (eager beaver) but due to some seriously poor directions and map, myself and 6 other students end up in the wrong place - turns out there are two St Columba's up by the Castle... and we were at the wrong one. Arriving 20mins late meant a mild rebuke from the teacher, initially offered no changing area (but then suggested that I could creep over to the bathroom), no warm up, a rushed yoga session (I did ask for the teacher to slow down at one point), and I hurt my neck trying to rush a shoulder stand. I walked out feeling stressed and angry... and really not feeling the benefit that normally comes with such a class. After wards, I felt mutinous more than anything and not really in the mood to return. Now, as a gesture, Bristo did offer an apology and a free drop in class. So that was nice. I made myself return for week 2 - that was a very different experience from the first. The session was smoother, the positions more clearly explained, and I didn't walk out in a pissy mood, so I felt in a much more positive position about the class. Hurrah! The only downside was when asked for injuries, I noted I had bad knees only to be brushed off with a comment along the lines of 'oh well, don't we all'. Right, everyone's smashed their legs up in motorcycle accidents? Of course, silly me... I would have preferred possibly a less cursory response.Week 3 was a washout as I was ill. Week 4, I had the day off. That meant in order to come to class, I was going to have to travel for a solid hour in order to get there in time. It was, in fact 90 mins, with another 30mins prep time. 2 hours, in total as Lothian Transports estimates were completely messed up. A bus expected to arrive a good clear 30mins early, meant that I arrived instead 30mins late and have hmmm... 5mins to run from George Street, up to Johnson Terrace. I made it to the venue, 3-4mins past the start of the class. When ringing the doorbell, there was no answer. I rang a couple of times, before another girl joined me. After the third, failed attempt, I decided, time to go hit up the pub. For you see, it was my birthday, and I figured, do I want to spend more time being upset outside of a yoga class, or should I just go and enjoy the remainder of my evening? Given that I had given up the opportunity to spend the beginning of my 33rd year with my family in order to go to my yoga class, traveled for so long and to be felled at the last (well, 4) minute, just brought it to a head for me. So I embraced the unhealthy option of a couple of rum and cokes at Banshee Labyrinth waiting for the Silent Reviewer to show up. The fact that St Columba's is a pain in the ass to access (ring a bell, wait a good 5mins for the teacher to climb a couple of floors to open the door, this may take a few attempts) and the zero tolerance on tardiness leaves me just... disappointed and disheartened. Although I appreciate that late attendees can have a minor impact on a yoga class, in previous experience it hasn't been that big a deal - and until Lothian Transport smarten up their act, I don't feel confident that I can always make it to a location in time. I had heard so many good things about Bristo Yoga, but in reality, I didn't experience the warm and fuzzies when I went to class, week 1 made me feel as unwelcome as rotten fish in a fridge and week 2 whilst an improvement, didn't have me in the land of friendliness. I still enjoy practicing yoga, but perhaps for this particularly yogi-newbie, that practice will be taking place elsewhere.
5	Another wee update from me. Read my previous reviews to get a sense of just why I love Bristo Yoga School so.This update is to include the fact that they now do Hot Yoga classes. They introduced them over the summer, and have been increasing the number of classes that they hold. It's not technically 'Bikram' Yoga, but simply Vinyasa Power Yoga in a very, very hot room.Prepare to sweat. Seriously, my pinkie toe was sweating. But it's the most energising, cleansing and head-clearing thing I've done. It's almost addictive. In the new semester, though, classes are fully booked early so book online early if you want int.On Monday, Karen leads Hot Yoga and she focusses more on hip openers and leg strength. I find her classes the most intense and hardest work out. Then on Wednesday and Friday Susan leads Hot Yoga, and whilst the class is still really hard, it has more poetry and flow to it. It'll still work you but maybe not as hard as Karen's class.They also now have Evening Mysore Practice for Ashtanga Yogis. This was HUGE when it was first introduced. I was a Morning Mysore Ashtanga Yogi for a year but simply couldn't face the 6am starts with a lifestyle that requires me to be out late and drinking alcohol several times a week. So the evening mysore is brilliant for anyone who wants to practice but for whatever reason can't face mornings.So kudos to Bristo Yoga School for taking an already wonderful, welcoming Shala and full schedule and then adding onto it more types of yoga, and an evening practice.Om, Shanti, Namaste.
5	I have been a frequent yogi at the once called Bristo yoga school for over a year now. After Christmas, they relocated to argyle place, changing their name to 'ashtanga yoga edinburgh' making this all the more convenient for me given that I live near the meadows.I come here to do ashtanga yoga with Nadine, Sarah and Susan. I have done lots of different types of yoga in the past, from hatha to kundalini, yet I feel that I have found 'my' yoga here. Ashtanga yoga is dynamic, flowing and fast. I ache the day after, but in a very positive way. I suffer from a circulatory problem, raynaud's disease, and find that frequent fast paced yoga really helps my condition. The teachers are very professional, and the new studios are really pretty! The upstairs studio has a mosaic floor and very high elegant ceilings. Even better, I get a discount for 10 block classes being a member of the yoga society at the University. The yoga school organises vegan potluck socials, free demonstrations and interesting workshops. I am extremely tempted by the thai massages which they keep advertising...I am going to miss this place during my erasmus year!
5	My third update of AYE, and for a reason. It used to be called Bristo Yoga School, based on Bristo Square (opposite Napiers). It recently moved to the corner of Argyle Place, overlooking the Meadows, renamed Ashtanga Yoga Edinburgh (AYE, innit?) The quality of teaching, the breadth of the timetable, the friendliness of the staff, and the pure, spiritual ethos of an Ashtanga Practice in a dedicated shala have not changed at all - and if anything, this new space feels more like home to BYS / AYE than the previous venue.So whilst the name has changed, the timetable and teachers have not. If anything, they have expanded. There is now a Morning Mysore class, Evening Mysore and the newest Afternoon Mysore. Mysore is the practice of Ashtanga Yoga - the same sequence of postures, in the Primary Series (moving onto Secondary after many practices) every day. Ideally yogis practice this 6 days a week (apart from Saturdays). Its a wonderful self-practice to have, and I was at one point fully immersed in this. Life and work got in the way, sadly.But now I still practice with some Power Yoga classes and HOT YOGA. I love hot yoga. And in the new venue they now offer it 5 days a week! It used to only be Monday, Wednesday, Friday but now they also offer it on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Highly recommended. The new Shala space upstairs is gorgeous. The period tiled floor remains, and so old world Edinburgh meets the old world traditions of India and fuses together to form a beautiful yoga practice.The downstairs Shala space has limited ceiling height but makes for an even hotter Hot Yoga experience which I love.There is one shower cubicle, which is far nicer than the previous BYS venue shower. There's a private girls' changing area, and communal too. No lockers, so I wouldnt bring any valuables and leave them out, but I never have any problem just leaving my hand bag.Whether you're looking to begin Yoga as a newbie beginner, or continue your Ashtanga Practice further, or find a new hot yoga class, I couldn't recommend AYE enough.
5	I've been happily attending Meadowlark's weekday classes for the past two months. The space is lovely, with a particularly nice and clean changing room.Just to give you a taste of a few of the teachers' styles:Elle's classes focus on strengthening the core, with some pilates elements. After about a month of practice, I had grown markedly stronger. Her classes are often quieter and more meditative, with a lot of deep twisting postures, which is a lovely way to begin the week.Paul's classes are particularly accessible for beginners, with a focus on really developing and internalizing each asana (pose). He's quite sensitive to the needs of athletes, so if you're a runner, he's your man! Also, you'll learn how to do headstands : )Demelza's classes are always super-cathartic. The room does get crowded and hot, but that helps me focus on precision -- and focusing on not kicking anyone behind me... I'm writing this hours after her Friday class, still feeling quite limber and blissful!Thank you, Meadowlark, for supporting our yoga practices! I am grateful for such a great local studio and the opportunity to practice with kind teachers every day of the week.
