1	This place is a joke. I'm positive that they have a 16 year old girl running this business (i.e. petty and juvenile). Whatever you do, don't give these Jesus freaks your money. They canceled my order because they said that I was threatening them. All I did was e-mail them asking about my order, which went unanswered for 3 days. So I e-mailed again, now demanding an answer, or I would report them to the BBB for taking my money and refusing to service me as a paying customer.  Then, when I told them I still wanted the dress, but I wanted them to fix the problem, they refused to sell to me. The manager/owner also refused to speak with me over the phone, leaving her packaging girl to deal with me instead. I'm willing to bet that these people are BFFs with the other twisted Jesus freaks over at the infamous Amy's Baking Co. (see link) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tBSGLVfoJyo  - because they surely share the same view when it comes to customer service. Bottom line, don't give these idiots your money. Sure, some of the dresses are cute, but it's not worth the icky feeling that comes with giving money to self-righteous bible thumpers. Business 101: The Customer is Always Right...right?
2	Let me start by saying they do have cute clothes at good prices. The positives stop there!!! The problem arises when you need to return something... My experience started 04-05-13 when I sent 4 items back with insurance because they did not work out for me. A week went by and I reached out to Closet Candy Boutique (CCB) because I had not received my store credit yet. I was ignored until I threatened to give them bad reviews on every site I could. That is when I received a snotty email telling me that they never received my return. Ok, no problem I purchased insurance. I immediately initiated a claim with the USPS which found that the package was delivered, so they denied my claim. I again contacted Closet Candy Boutique with the new findings. I was again sent another snotty email telling me that the post office loses packages ALL the time and it was not their responsibility and I should appeal the findings which I did. On 07-16-13 the post office sent me a response to my appeal again denying it because they delivered the package to CCB.I purchased insurance from USPS , so if my package got lost I would get my money back. I never imagined Closet Candy Boutique would lie and say they never received it when the USPS keeps telling me that it was delivered. BUYER BEWARE!!! If you are 100% positive you like CCB clothes, fit, and are alright with the fact that they only issue store credit then go for it. If not and you are like every other internet shopper and you return things sometimes this is not the place for you to shop!!!!!It has been almost 4 months and I am still out $173.00!!!! My return experience was horrible!!!!!
5	I've ordered numerous items from CCB and have been satisfied with every purchase. I've returned items and never had an issue with receiving a store credit. I've emailed numerous times and always get a friendly response whether it be able restocking items, sizing or my returns. The person I was communicating with even went as far to pack my order themselves to make sure I got the last of a dress I wanted. I love CCB and recommend it every chance I get :) Whitney M.
1	I am out of appeals. There was the initial investigation, appeal #1, and then appeal #2. I have two letters from the post office stating you were not available for comment when they contacted you. They are also adamant that they delivered the package to closet candy boutique. ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS MAKE SURE YOU ADD THE SIGNATURE REQUIRED FOR YOUR RETURNS They can say they never received my return all day long, but if I would have added the signature part I would have been fine. The signature part is not required for items under $200, but I highly recommend it when dealing with CCB.Thanks for mentioning my recent order.... I was very disappointed with the blk/wh chevron maxi I purchased. I put it on and it was tight at the bottom like a mermaid costume. I took one normal step and it ripped up the side. I knew better then to return it for poor quality, so I took it to the cleaners and paid them to add slits to it. Don't worry I will NEVER be ordering from you guys again because it is crazy to keep patronizing a business that treats their paying customers so badly. I will stick to the merchants that I know are honest.I am out $173.00 and to add insult to injury you keep acting like I am lying!!! I wish there was a place on here to upload the letters from the post office for all to see!!
5	I recently started a new job away from wearing scrubs daily and stumbled upon CCB while I was in DC ranch visiting my grandmother. While most of their clothes are available for purchase online, they have a small inventory at a boutique. They have THE cutest clothes! They are very affordable and the exact business casual look I need! The manager there, Nicole, is very helpful and still keeps in touch to notify me of things she thinks I'll like. I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	I LOVE CCB!!!  I have ordered online MANY times! The shipping is SO fast and FREE!!  Who can resist that?!?  The clothes are fabulous, affordable and I always get compliments!  I actually visit the site daily to check out the new "goodies".... Highly recommend!
5	I am so happy with my purchases from CCB!! I received my shipment fast and not mention shipping was FREE!! Their clothes are unique and affordable. I am so happy with my new clothes and will continue to shop from CCB! I highly recommend them!
5	I purchased a romper for CCB, when my order arrived I was very excited, when I opened it I realized that a wrong item was shipped. I emailed the company letting them know and not only did  they send me a return label as well so I wouldn't have to pay for shipping, but they express mailed the correct item. I LOVE the romper and was very impressed by how efficient and helpful they were to fix the mistake. I will definitely be shopping here again, such cute items!I feel the need to address Berta i's review below...just to let you know Berta, no one is impressed by your distasteful/hateful comment about the religion of the owners. Religious preference is irrelevant when it comes to business. Making derogatory comments about religious beliefs makes you TRASHY and an ignorant idiot, what makes you so high and mighty that you think you're any smarter or better. How dare you.  I would cancel your order too if you sent an email with attitude, no wonder they don't want anything to do with you.  I challenge you to pull your head out of you bottom and learn how to treat people nicely, see how that goes for you :) CCB, I am glad you stand for Christ, way to go!
5	I love this place! I've ordered from here several times and don't have a single complaint. The clothes are decently priced, decent quality and the shipping is super speedy!
