4	I love this place. I visited the Desert Ridge location earlier in the year and really liked it, but was disappointed that there was not another location closer to my home. Well now there is. Woo hoo!There's lots of parking directly across the street from the store. And they always have several registers open so even on a busy weekend day, you usually only have one other person in front of you in line. Pretty good selection and stock. They now charge $0.10 for wine tastings (tried 3 wines) and they have them on Fridays (12-6 pm), Saturdays (11-6 pm), and Sundays (12-5 pm). They have a table set up in the middle of the store where you show your ID and drop a dime into the jar. They had a beer tasting going on at the same time. I wasn't interested in that so I didn't check out the dates, times, and cost for that. Sorry! And the best part is there's actually people to help you here unlike some other big places like this that I've visited. Where there isn't an employee in sight. Sign up on their website for their e-mails to get coupons.
5	I LOVE Total Wine. It's like BevMo but better. It is closer to my house than any grocery store, so if I'm buying drink, I go here. The prices are phenomenal, the customer service is amazing, and the selection is ridiculously large. I would definitely consider myself to be a regular here. I don't know if that's a good thing exactly, but whatever.If I could give Total Wine 10 stars, I would without second-guessing it.
5	This place beats bevmo's ass all the way to the bank. They have it all - case closed. I have had several specialty items I have been looking for...not only did they have it but the staff knew what it was I needed right away and took me there without even having to think about it. Very knowledgeable and they have some cool wine tastings going on as well....
5	This place rocks.I tried BevMo and it was OK but Total Wine is the place to go. their prices are the lowest I have seen their selection is great. I like several types of liquor but have never been a huge fan of wines.That changes every time I come to this store.The wine tasting has really taught me how to select wines. The staff is great. There is one person there (sorry I don't know his name) that I have gone to a few times and said this is what I am fixing for dinner and this is what my guest like, I want something new.He makes recommendations (usually less expensive than what I was looking at) I buy them and my guests are thrilled.If you are looking for a relaxing afternoon out of the heat go to one of their wine tastings. (some times they taste other liquor too)If you want beer selection go there.They have several Gluten free beers alsoI have to stop myself from visiting the store whenever I drive by. Its just that good.
4	I agree with several other reviewers - this place has better prices than BevMo and is also a more enjoyable shopping experience. They have an extensive beer selection with an entire isle of single bottles so you can try new ones. I'm also into single malts and they have excellent prices though their selection is actually only average. But let's not forget our long time local stores. SunDevil liquors on Country Club Rd. in Mesa still has beers and scotch's I can't get elsewhere. Between these two stores I've always been able to find life's necessities ;-)
5	I love this place.  I had a wine tasting party and the guy knew everything about the wines, but not pretentious. They have wine tastings AND liquor tastings. It's less warehouse-y than Bev Mo.  They have a cigar room too. One of my favorite stops when I go to San Tan Mall.
4	Best prices and great service!! Stopped Christmas Eve, store was very busy at the time.  Received assistance within minutes, picked selection, great price on the wine.  Extensive selection of wine and spirits to pick from.Checkout was fast even though they were very busy.Definitely the spot to hit for wine!
5	I LOVE TOTAL WINE! I come here often when I need to stock up on my favorite kinds of liquor - the prices are pretty good and the selection is so vast that I always end up buying more than I wanted to. Another good thing is that people don't give you dirty looks if they happen to see 3, or 4, or 5 bottles of alcohol in your hands :p In fact, they might look at it as a good thing! One thing I really like are mini bottles of alcohol that they have. SO CUTE!!!
5	God, how I love giant liquor stores like this, that allow me to make a six pack, buy a couple bottles of good chardonnay, and be set for the weekend.Really, that's all you need to know about Total Wine. That, and getting out of the little mall/city of stores is a pain with all the traffic, but it's worth it.
4	Excellent prices on hard liquor and wines.  They regularly have tastings of wine or liquor at the store.  There is also an amazing selection of wines.  The staff is knowledgeable, except for the man who helps with champagne.  He was telling flat out lies about good champagne and claimed to be from France.  Luckily for me I know something about champagne and new he was full of shit.  The prices on most of their champagnes are reasonable.
5	It sucks that my liquor cabinet has a huge selection of booze but they're all only about a quarter inch full.  Now enter Total Wine and More.I get weak in the knees when I come in here.  I just want it all.  I LOVE the fact that they always have wine tasting going on when I come in and I can be counted on to buy a bottle of whatever they are serving up, gotta support the cause.  One of my favorite places to shop!
5	Ryan was awesome. Got me an Italian red, French white, and German resling! Thx buddy!
5	Total Wine is one of the best beverage shops I've ever visited. The prices are reasonable; however, it is the staff that makes the difference. I'm come home with fantastic (and reasonably priced) Irish Whiskey, Potato Vodka's and Scotch as well as wine based solely on recommendations of the staff. They never try to up-sell, but spend the time listening to what you like before they make recommendations.
5	Lots of fun and new discoveries in wine tastingThis is my favorite place .Intelligent and interesting , lots of fun .
5	Not to sound like an alcoholic but YUM! They carry everything!
4	Total Wine, where do you go wrong, NO WHERE.I look forward to starting my Saturday or Sunday with a quick sip will shopping for booze.  Oh wait, it's called a tasting.Great selection and good prices for that selection keeps me coming back for more.  I especially love looking at the wine I can't afford behind the glass.  I can dream.
4	My husband and I went to a wine tasting here this weekend and it was wonderful.  We tried wines from Spain, Italy, and France.  The staff was knowledgeable and willing to let us try wines a second time before we decided to buy.  The prices and selection here are great.
4	Great selection.  They have delicious bloody mary mixers and great selections of olives and such.  I'd love to sample everything on the shelves!
4	Great prices and great selection! No need to shop wholesale clubs anymore.
5	Don't be fooled by the name of this store as it should be giant LIQUOR store and more. It does have a huge selection of wines, but it also features everything from 30+vodkas, whiskeys, bourbons, microbrews, cheap brews, pbr (gets its own category), and even kegs! We've gotten kegs here before for parties and they will hook you up with the tap, bucket, ice, etc. Anyways, another reason why I love this place. It was thirsty Thursdays and my friends and I were trying to figure out how to concoct this delicious newly discovered drink called Moscow Mule and this was the only place that would sell ginger beer and bitters. So we head over and get 1.75l of stoli for 19 bucks! and the rest of the night just became hazy.
3	Go here for liquor and bloody mary mix not wine. I get my wine from my nephew that is a wine maker in Santa Barbara so suck it you AZ wine people! Like BevMo MO Yo!
4	The only place I've been able to find Deep Eddy Sweet Tea Vodka and I'm surely going back for the wine!
1	Ordering online and customer service at the Gilbert Total Wine is nothing but a DISASTER.  About 6 weeks ago I placed an online order and about 2 hours later I went to the Gilbert store to pick it up.  Sorry sir your order is not ready yet.  What?  Why did I place a one hour express order online then?  They proceeded to go and attempt to get my order ready.  After 45 minutes they come back and tell me they are out of stock.  What?  Why did it say it was in stock when I ordered online then?  We can order it for you and it will be in next week.  OK I will order it then.   Which brings us to yesterday June 9, 2012 six short weeks after placing my order I get the phone call from Total Wine that my order has finally arrived.   So I go online and place an online express 1 hour pickup order for 2 and also order something else.   I pay for my 3 items online and receive a confirmation that it is ready for pickup.  I head down to the Gilbert Total Wine and proceed to ask for my order at the customer service counter where I am asked for my ID and an order number.  I give the girl my ID and tell her that I did not have the order number.  Oh sorry sir no order number means you can't get your items.  What? Why?  You must have an order number or we can't look up what you ordered?  What?  Can't you look it up by my name?  No sir we need the order number.  You will have to go home and get it.  What? Seriously?  2012 and you can't look my order up.  No sir you will have to go home and get it.   What if I just buy the items I ordered online by walking around the store and picking them up.  That would be fine sir but you will have to pay for it again and then request a refund for your online order when you get home.  What?  So as I am walking to my car to go home to get my order number I get the bright idea to use one of their computers to logon to the website and look up my order number.  I go back inside and do just that.  I then logged onto my Total Wine account and got my PRECIOUS order number.  Upon giving her my order number she turns around and there on the counter is one lonely box containing my 3 items with a sheet of paper taped to it....  and on that paper is my name,  my address,  the items I ordered, and my order number.  Wow all she had to do was turn around and look at the paper that was taped to the box and then look at my ID and she would have got her beloved order number from the paper.  But no no no, she thought it would be more fun to treat me like a child telling me I needed to go home to get my order number and watch me twist and jump through hoops.Needless to say I will not be shopping at Total Wine anymore.BevMo will be my new place to shop.
4	If you can't find what you are looking for here.......you probably won't find anywhere...unless your brew it or crush it yourself.  The staff here is very knowledgeable and we like their recommendations, especially on their wine selections.  Best place to come for a last minute gift.  There is so much to choose from.  They do have wine & liquor tastings, but the tequila tastings are top notch.  We are tequila lovers, and due to the tasting we have come to find some new favorites.  We have purchased a few kegs here and they have they have a great selection and cheaper than Bev-Mo.   We love coming here....we're like kids in a candy store.
4	'Wine run' just doesn't sound as good as 'beer run', I need to come up with a better rhyme. ...I love wine but I don't know much about it and that's why I like to go to Total Wine and More. I can walk in and just get what I know I like or I can ask one of the staff there to suggest a wine. They are FULL of information and very helpful. They also have a pretty good cigar and of course liquor selection. This is my go to place for purchasing wine.
5	Amazing selection of beers with great tabs educating you on them and often ratings.  Wine and booze selections are great too.  Killer store like candyland for adults.  Prices are excellent and so is service if you need help finding something.  Great place!
5	BIG selection, very helpful, courteous and friendly staff. Good prices. Im sold!
4	Wine lovers heaven.. Actually... heaven for alcoholics and more Great variety in selections, too many to wrap my head around. The employees are helpful and extra friendly. They sell house brews for pretty cheap On the left of the store- between beer and wine aisles!
5	I was shopping around for a Christmas gift of 16 year aged Bushmills and a friend told me that it was in stock here at Total Wine and More. What an incredible place! Aisles well-marked, and a superior selection of wine, spirits, and more. The staff was helpful, and friendly which is saying a lot as it was the week of Christmas. I didn't have to wait long at all to check out and found a couple more items that made great gifts. This will be my go-to place for spirit shopping.
4	Best place for whatever drinks you want! This is my go to place for sake....they do have an amazing collection of wine and hard liquor.
4	I love that you can buy draft beer here as the will fill up your growlers for you. Negative is you can't taste any pf the drafts before you buy. The other negative about this place is checking out is almost always PAINFULLY LONG!
5	I absolutely enjoy this place, it's like an adult candy store! I can literally spend hours perusing the rows upon rows of alcohol! Best thing about this place besides the free tastings they have are their prices!
2	Boo, for their customer service. I knew they carried Stella Rosa, but I went in hopes that they may have the variety of flavors Stella Rosa comes in also, particularly Peach. I asked an employee and he was very persistent that it does not come in Peach flavor. I told him they do. I have bought bottles of Peach & Berry flavors before from a winery in LA that sells Stella Rosa stuff. He actually told me "Stella Rosa is from Italy, so that winery in California is selling a knock off and we do not carry knock off products". Boom! Look what I stumbled upon today on their very own website:http://www.totalwine.com/eng/product/stella-rosa-peach/126453750Okay, I am not giving the bad rating because they did not carry the product that I was looking for. The bad rating was for the smart alec employee who made me feel stupid for going in looking for a wine I very much enjoy only to find out it was a knock off, (which apparently it is not if they do not sell knock offs and its available on their site online) I even apologized for asking for it!
5	We go here for the wine tastings on Saturdays and always end up leaving with a shopping cart full of stuff.  Great selection and prices!  And we always find something we really like at the tastings.
4	This place is amazing.  (for a liquor store)   It has everything.  I'm not giving a liquor store five stars, because, well, its a liquor store.  However, if you asked me "what's the best liquor store you've ever been" I would hands down tell you its Total Wine.  If its available in your region they likely have it and its also likely that they offer the best price.  The place is consistently cheaper than Bevmo by a couple dollars.  If a six pack of my favorite craft beer is $8.99 at Bevmo it seems to be $6.99 at Total Wine.  I don't really drink wine or liquor so I can't speak for those prices, but I would have to imagine its the same scenario, cheaper at Total Wine than anywhere else.  For me its all about beer selection and I have never been in a liquor store with so many different beers before.  If you like-love beer this is a beer mecca.  If a brewery bottles their beer and sells it in your region it's most likely Total Wine has it and has the best price.  If you live relatively close to a Total Wine I would see no reason to go elsewhere.  They can fulfill all your drunken needs under one roof.
5	Great selection! They always have my favorite, Cakebread!
5	Total Wine is Total Wine is Total Wine. They are all the same...or are they?This Total Wine was awesome! It seemed larger and nicer (not that the ones in CA aren't nice, but this one was better) than other locations I had been to.The real reason though I choose to review this location is the beer bar. I don't even like beer, but I thought it was really cool. My boyfriend was totally excited to fill a growler (they offer small and large growlers) with a craft beer. It also seemed like they had a much larger selection of craft beer than other locations.  If I find myself in Gilbert again, I will definitely stop off here for some booze!
5	You HAVE to like Total Wine. Why? Because if you are coming there you want booze and you want it for a cheap price. I used to go to other places but I will go out of my way to come here because I know I will save overall.Yay for alcohol!
5	We come here for specialty items. They have everything! The prices are the lowest as they advertise. The sales reps answered every question I asked. We sampled some wine at the wine tasting booth, and wound up buying a bottle. I hope they open one near us.
4	Great selection of beer - love the mix and match option!
4	Ok.. amazing selection.. Really good prices for liquor - Beer prices are about average cans/bottles - I got a keg there once though.. Had to drag it out of the cooler in the back where they didn't have any prices listed.. Turns out it was something crazy like $90 for a torpedo.  Can't speak to the wine prices as I don't really get into that.. but their selection seems quite impressive.  Overall I like this place quite a bit though..
4	What I love about this place is the selection and the prices. They are cheaper than other stores about 90% of the time. I love it when their ads have the $15 off a $100 wine purchase coupons. I have a list organized by aisle so I can quickly navigate the store. Actually, I also love their real-time inventory system that they have online. It's nice to know if something that I see in Wine Spectator is available there.The service could be better though. Either the workers are nonexistent or chatting amongst themselves, or they won't stop hovering and making unsolicited recommendations. They need to find a happy medium.
5	I went in not even knowing what drink I had from Yardhouse and even with my vague description this staff member, Scott, was so smart and patient with me that he figured it out! He actually even improved the drink with another recommendation! They all have their knowledge in one way or another. It's smart to just ask who's the wine person and who knows beer!  They're happy to get who ever can help you better! The beer specialists are more patient though, I have to admit :)
4	Very friendly staff.  Extremely willing to help us out with loading up our vehicles with the kegs and boxes of wine we bought (not box wine unfortunately).  Good prices.  Great selection.
1	If you advertise Price Matching you should HONOR it!!!!I came in on December 22 to purchasee two items that happend to be cheaper at BevMo by $2 each.  Not that big of a deal, but the manager refused to honor the price match until he confirmed on his computer that the price was valid in Arizona.  Seriously, showing him on my phone the live website was not good enough?!?!?  What a waste of my time, and everyone behind me in line.  I paid the full price to avoid delay, but I will not shope here again, and I will continue to shop at BevMo.  BevMo has MUCH better customer service, and honor their price matching policy.Additionally they were out of stock of one of the items that I was looking for.  Which only added to my frustrations.
5	BOOZE HEAVEN.Being Canadian, for reasons relating to both price and selection,  I find myself in awe in regards to most American liquor stores.  This particular one however, really takes the cake.  With a dizzying selection of spirits, wine, beer, this place is truly the one stop shop.I was in search of a particular Lychee liquer that is no longer available in the (extremely regulated) Manitoba Liquor Marts.  Within 30 seconds of walking in the door, 2 staff members were hunting for this godly nectar as if their lives depended on it.  Within another 2 minutes VOILA, 2 bottles of liquid lychee gold were in my possession; and the rest is a blur... Well not really, but it sounded appropriate, no?The service here was really amazing, and I was in literal AWE of the amount of products there were to choose from.  Being from out of state, I am not really sure how their prices compare to other local vendors, but being from taxed-till-the-cows-come-home Canada, the prices they did display seemed more than fair.We also picked up some cool accessories (think frozen icicle-apparatus to keep the contents of your wine bottle chilled), and some snacks; and came to the conclusion that contrary to what those Mickey Mouse commercials had been telling us all of these years, we had FINALLY found the happiest place on earth.
4	I don't drink, but I was on a birthday present mission to find some obscure beer brewed in Atlantis by  chupacabras, and by George (Jorge?), they had it.  If you're into annihilating your liver with style, I imagine this is the place to be, a dizzying and overwhelming selection of booze; store is very clean and located in the well maintained San Tan Mall.  During busy times, parking can be a problem (not only for this store, but the mall in general).
2	Stopped in last week...to check it out...  I have been a loyal customer to a competitor...  Was only in search of craft beer.  Selection wasn't bad, once I located it.  I wasn't approached by any staff for assistance....ok....but prefer the competitors store in this regard.
4	I have only been here once but the one time have left me a bit impressed. The prices seem to be fair. The aisles are well organized and it was easy to find what I went in there for. The couple of employees that I did interact with were nice. One little problem that I had when I was there was there were at least three (I think they were vendors) in one aisle stocking and there were boxes and the ladders that they were using all down it so you couldn't really work your way down that aisle. But I know you got to stock the shelves some how so I am okay with it and it was only one aisle.
1	Monkey Shoulder a new blended scotch. I typically choose a single malt scotch preferably in French oak barrels but I've wanted to try this as I've many good reviews. I asked an employee named Matt for assistance to which he rolled his eyes and said "I'm sorry I've never heard of it!" Crossed his arms and turned away. I was infuriated as this store prides itself on knowledgeable and helpful employees. In the past they have been so I'm not sure why this Matt was so Rude! I proceeded to help myself as several employees there heard and did not step up to help. I found the bottle proceeded to find Matt and said, "Here is the scotch I asked you about you should take pride in yourself and learn your store." He replied, "it's over 3,000 bottle Bro!" I replied, "I'm not your Bro! You should also learn to talk to your customers." Then he walked away. I complaint to Traci who was the nigh manager that Friday and all she said was, "I'm sorry." There was no taking to the side asking my side of the story as Traci has seen me before and knew I was a regular. Either way I am DISGUSTED with the way I was treated and plan to post this on FB to let everyone know to STAY AWAY from this condescending place. ~ Joe
2	There is nothing, and I mean nothing, harder than giving a store that sells alcohol less than five stars. I'm not saying I'm an alcoholic, but I love vodka.My favorite TW&M is in Springfield, VA. That store did not mess around. It had what you needed, how you needed it, when you needed it. My addiction was sated here each and every time. Anyway, this was my first visit to this store. I've slowed down a lot in the years that I acquired the hobby of drinking great beer/vodka/wine so I don't make as many trips, or I just grab my favorite beer at Whole Foods, et al. So I was pretty excited to be walking into one of my favorite places!Walked in the door and immediately you're bombarded with bottles everywhere. If you were 12 and this was a candy store your heart would stop from the excitement. I'm not saying alcohol is my candy, but this looks like a pattern. Sorry. So, you THINK you have all these choices, but you really don't. This store has inventory, I know they sell a variety of things, but it's not as abundant an inventory as it seems. I love Chimay. They carry it, but it's a small selection. Their Polish beers were gone, but for one six-pack. They hadn't heard of others. I asked for three different kinds of bourbon, they'd heard of one of them. One guy that was 'helping' me also had this oddly annoying habit of actually having a microphone to talk into, but instead of using that, he'd walk to the front of the store to ask if they had what I needed. So weird. Everyone was pretty helpful and I finally found what I wanted sort of. So, I go to check out. They don't refrigerate a lot of the beers, but seemingly had a solution in a fridge that could cool them down in seven minutes. I don't know why I didn't do that with my beer while I was looking for bourbon, but I just didn't. I lost track of time and no one mentioned it to me so I was just wandering around and the store closed. By the time was up at the register it was about 10 after. The manager was visible perturbed. Let me tell you something. Perturbed is what you feel when you're in traffic, your  dog pees on your floor or your next door neighbor doesn't return your rake when you need it. Perturbed is NOT when a paying customer is standing in your face about to purchase something from your establishment. I asked him if he wouldn't mind me cooling off my beer in his cooler for a few minutes as I'd forgotten to do it. Let me tell you, this man showed zero restraint in holding back his irritation that I was still in his store after closing AND wanted to stay longer. I asked him if there wasn't someone else in the store still shopping, he said yes, I asked then if I could just cool the beer down until they got to the front. PERFECTLY REASONABLE REQUEST. He was so rude that I told him so. Seriously. YOU ARE RUDE. He didn't care at all. 'He was trying to get his employees home.' Welcome to RETAIL, rude manager. I wouldn't go back to this store and spend my money if my life depended on it. I'm not sure he realizes that everyone sells what he has elsewhere. I'm sad, though, I have always, always loved this place. Just a little patience and kindness would have given them a loyal customer forever. Boo.
2	Alright.  To be fair, over the past couple of days I had just gotten caught up on my back issues of Whisky Advocate and I went into this store full of great ideas for tasty beverages for Christmas and birthday gifts.  I think the Fry's near me has a more varied bourbon selection.  No Elijah Craig.  No Cave Creek bourbon.  Meh.  Basil Hayden will do just fine, but I was not impressed with the overall choices.  Yes there are some good well-known ones, like Woodford Reserve, etc, but not much variety if you are looking for something special or small batch.I did score some cool Guinness glasses in the gift section that Mr. M will love.  What pushed me to the 2-star review was that while I was in the bourbon aisle it was very crowded because on the opposite side is all the rum, etc and other stuff I don't buy.  The only clear liquors I buy are Belvedere and a couple of tequilas.  OK.  Maybe several tequilas, but anyway, it was crowded.I had already been almost run over by a tall employee in a big hurry, and then suddenly, in the aisle comes 4 employees pushing 2 large carts with boxes to unpack, and another employee dragging a huge ladder to get or put something on the top shelf.  I did see the truck at the loading dock, so maybe it was late, but generally isn't all the shelf-stocking supposed to go on after hours?  I don't see why in the world all that mess needed to come into that aisle at once either.  But the real kicker, was that the employees openly expressed their frustration.  I heard one comment, of "we'll never get this done."  Yeah.  Darn those customers anyway.  You know what?  It costs nothing to say, "Hi.  How ya doin'?"  "Hi.  You look thirsty.  Is there something I can help you find?"  "Need any help finding anything?"  And then, maybe those pesky customers will find their booze and get out of your way.  Ridiculous and rude was my experience today.  The cashier was nice so she gets one of the stars and the makers of Basil Hayden get the other one.  I've been to this store a couple of times and always had mediocre to rude service and don't plan on returning.  Every time I find myself in Gilbert anyway, I always think, "Why the hell am I in Gilbert?  I don't have a mini-van or a fat SUV and a herd of obnoxious kids and dogs I take everywhere.  I don't belong here!"
5	Crazy good selection! Bourbon tasting today. Had a ton of rare whiskey bottles. Very surprised, pleasantly, with the selection they had of whiskey and bourbon. Would definitely recommend!
5	I have visited this TW&M a few times and really like it. The staff here are very knowledgable and are eager to help find specific items or help discover new ones. I definitely stop here during every visit to the area because of how great of an experience I have each time. They have everything under the sun when it comes to any type of alcohol. They also have a pretty good selection of cigars!!
4	I have since been here numerous times - but only for the beer section. It seems to be a completely different store on this side. Employees in the beer section are extremely helpful. Whether you are looking for a specific beer, getting a growler filled or looking for certain beer glasses they are always helpful.
