1	Went in to race Saturday 7/13/2014. All was well until I received a work related phone call. Due to the loudness of the loudspeaker, i had to seek refuge in an area of the building where i could hear my phone call. Considering the policy on exiting the back door was changed today, i was forced to stand in the area to the east of the rear door to hear my phone call, rather than walking across the the building to exit the front door.I was approached by a guy with a walkie talkie who interrupted my phone call to tell me to leave the area i was in. I moved a few feet to away and was immediately approached again and ushered back into the area where hearing the phone call was not possible. I made my way to another area and was ushered away by the same guy, mind you im on a business call with a client in North Dakota. After struggling to hear my client for at least 5 minutes, I ended the call. The entire time i was on the call, the guy was watching me as if i was trying to steal something. I felt unwanted at this place so i packed up my pit and unregistered from the race. I went to the hobby shop for a refund, since my car hadn't touched the track. Yet again met another rude, pissed off employee who seemed burdened by my request, and denied my refund due to not being sure if I practiced......I advised the situation I just encountered, and nothing was said from the employee. I said keep the money and left... Do yourself a favor, avoid this place and go elsewhere. The track is so/so and the race director is terrible, always talking to his friends via the loudspeaker during races, calls incorrect times, just all around not organized and bad. I will NEVER be returning to this track, and will try my best to deter anyone from going here.
4	Went with my family last weekend to race some karts. Great atmosphere and fun time but really enjoyed the BBQ place that was in there. May go in for just the food once in a while.
5	I just want to say Lucas THANK YOU. Logan it was a pleasure man thanks for letting me use your battery on my new Ken Block RC. You guys rock... Very easy going even tho I knew nothing about the RC world since I was a kid and things have changed, and you guys brought that back to me. I'll be coming back for sure and recommending all my friends who want to join the family. Thanks again and see you in a few weeks to get my new Radio and upgrades to this beast.Purchase: Venom battery charger, nano battery 6.6 and Ken Block Flux 1/8-1/10 RC electric car. Thumbs up guys... From service to experience and giving the customer what they want.
1	Staff as a whole was very polite and personable. While interacting with the staff we discussed putting each other "into to the wall" when Carlo, who I assume is the manager, stated we would be kicked out without a refund. I smiled and said we were just joking. Ran our race and had a blast until the second to last lap when I passed my friend and we did rub. Carlo couldn't run fast enough from his place behind the counter to grab a black flag and pounce. Fortunately it was the final lap by the time he got to the track and we exited the track. Again, the staff as a whole is very good. Young people having fun at a fun job. The facility is worth the $17 to race for 7 mins. Captain Carlo on the other hand is a huge deterrent and is enough to keep me from returning.
1	I wouldn't recommend this store to anyone.  Horrible customer service!  I recently moved to AZ and have been looking for a hobby shop.  I went into Hobby Town in the beginning of December.  I was looking to buy a RC truck for my son whom is 3.  I had my son with me to see what style he wanted.   I had a few questions. I approached the cashier area.  Where one employee was, he said hi.  He didn't ask if I need help with anything. Trying to start the conversation. I said 'hi I a truck for my son.'   He just stared at me, and said nothing.  My son started getting excited as he normally does, he said something like 'I want a monster truck. '  The male didn't even acknowledge that he was there.  I have gone into other hobby stores in my home city. The employees are normally happy to talk about stuff they have in the store, and really anything to do with the hobby.  But, this guy just looked at me. So I said 'my is already flying a 3 channel helicopter and now he wants a monster truck.'   Again, no response.   He looked like he didn't want to be, and didn't want to be bother.  So, I left. I went to Ducan RC.  In less than 5 min, they answered all of my question. And even recommended several different options.   They also acknowledged my son.  This made me even more irritated with the service I received at Hobby town.  The service I received told me Hobby town doesn't care about making any sales.  That they don't want customers.  The fact that their employee was about as helpful as a brick wall I am surprised they are still in business.  I ended up buying my son a Traxxas slash somewhere else. I needed a few more things, extra battery and better charger.  My wife said, just stop into Hobby Town (since its about 5 mins from my house)  maybe that guy was just having a bad day.  So, I thought she's most like right.  Can't fault a company for just one employee having a bad day.  It was a little more busy this time.  So, I was looking the batteries in the cases and chargers.  The feel was more friendly.  The employees were joking with customer, smiling and having a good time.  I thought ok this is more like a hobby store.  So,  I waited.  Then one employee, rushed by me, pretty close to running into me.  He didn't say anything.  I thought that was rude.  But, patiently waited.  Most of the customer except for one, who was looking at parts, had left.  So, walked towards the cashier area.  Where I walked straight back in to the grim blank stare looking employees.  'No acknowlegement, no Hi did you have any questions.'  I walked straight out of there, regretting that I even went back it there at all.  I am not saying their employees should run and greet you at the door. But a pretty common practice for any business is when you have a customer come in, say hi to them.  This place is a joke.   After my experience with Hobby Town I won't be going to Hobby Town, the rc track, or the karting track.  They basically let 350 bucks walk out the door.  I will drive out of the state if I have to buy something than go in there.   Lucky I don't have to, I just have to drive a couple extra minutes south to Ducans RC.  If you are looking for a good friendly hobby store drive past Hobby Town.
