5	100% agree with Mollie. The rooms were spacious, beds were super comfortable and the shampoos and soaps and such were amazing! I will most definitely be back to this place! Oh I forgot about the chocolate olives that they serve you in a martini glass when you check in! :)
5	Deserves every star. If you want to avoid smoke, slot machines and pure chaos, this is the place! Great rooms, service and the location is perfect. I would go back in a flash.
4	Great value, great service, great room. It's true that it's really close to the strip. For the price, it's wonderful how the rooms are decorated in modern furniture and linens (not from the 80's), spulge that extra $30 and don't stay at some cheesy motel or The Sahara. I'd definitely come back.
5	Spent three nights at this hotel....I have enjoyed my stay....no smoking hotel and yes very modern.   no casino and i like that...it's away from the hustle and bustle of the las vegas strip.  dont get me wrong i like the casino but i just want it away from where i should sleep.
5	Seriously the best place to stay in Vegas if you are there for a conference or going a tradeshow.  There is no gambling, no smoking..you don't have to maze through tons of people to get to your room just walk in and go up the elevator and you are there.  Great little coffee bar to grab your coffee before you go to the convention center. The is the only place I can stay at when I am in Vegas for work.
4	I love this hotel- the customer service and the rooms are always great.  It is NOT on the strip so that sucks.  BUT- note the shuttle that picks up in front (in front of the convention center) runs I think every 15mins until pretty late in the day to and from the Wynn.  This gets you to the strip and Venetian since the Venetian is across from the Wynn.  This will save you on cab and time to get a cab.   The steakhouse here is top notch and the pool is cool if you are not looking to be hanging at the monolith overcrowded "scene"
4	KNOW WHAT YOU'RE GETTING! The hotel, for what it is, gets 4 stars. But for what I wanted, it should only be a 3. When I read the reviews, I thought "Great! I can enjoy a smoke-free peaceful hotel stay in Vegas! I can go drink and gamble and leave that all behind when I go to my hotel!" Yeah... what I think I wanted and what I really wanted didn't exactly work out. This is why:OFF-STRIP: Means lots of driving or cabbing or walking to the monorail.  It makes going back to the hotel quite a chore when you need to change for dinner or if someone wants to sleep while the other person wants to stay and gamble. I'm just saying, a walking distance hotel is so much easier when interests diverge. I thought it would be nice to leave the strip behind when I want to sleep, but it also means trying to get back to the hotel when you're tired and cranky. That and everyone else wants to stay out.NON-GAMBLING: Unfortunately, non-gambling also means no food at 4 am either. Make sure you're okay with no 24 hour food! This is Vegas, which means meal times are skewed. And even if your meal times aren't skewed, the hotel is limited to an expensive steakhouse, Envy, or a small sandwich/coffee/ice cream area. When really, the best thing at 4 in the morning is pizza! Everyone knows that.NON-SMOKING: Welll... there's no downside to that. All the clothes that I didn't wear came home clean (as opposed to everything reeking of smoke, which makes i difficult to pack your whole closet and decide while in Vegas).The room itself was nice but poorly designed. Clearly it was all based on looks and not so much function. The shower door leaked at the base, the faucet knobs came off, the tub was way too shallow, and the bathroom mirror is too far away to do makeup. And the flatscreen TV is set on the desk. Awkward!Despite the shallowness of the tub, it was nice to have a fully separate shower and tub. Much more elegant.So yes. Make SURE you're sure you want an off-strip non-gambling casino.
4	No casino but sooo much better.Stayed at this hotel on my latest business trip, short to say this hotel is perfect for the reason that I was in Vegas.  With its location just footsteps away from the Las Vegas Convention Center it made my morning commute of 3 minutes so so so much sweeter then the past 20-35 minutes of walking, rail and taxi commute.The rooms are phenomenal, very comfortable beds with a very giving set of high thread count sheets.   This is not like any other hotel you would be used to in Vegas, it is calling you to relax and stay in after a long day.  Needless to say, the rest of the room and hotel echoes the same detail and expense.As this review was forwarded, there is not casino in this hotel, not even video poker.  I found this enjoyable for my trips intentions but it may not suit others.   The hotels amenities consist of one bar, one restaurant and one pool area placed in a type of courtyard.  The bar and restaurant are very nice, mixed drinks are $8 + dollars a drink, and a dinner at Envy will run you easily $50 a person.The 4 star rating vs. the 5 is accounted for the less then courteous staff.  I do not know what it is with Las Vegas and its employees but everyone seems so disgruntled and put out, unless you are a high roller or are on a "special treatment sheet" which I find disturbing that there is such a division of treatment at most Vegas restaurants, hotels, and other services.
4	Great place to stay, especially if you care about smoke-free air and comfort.  It's located right behind the Wynn golf course on Paradise Road.  The beds were extremely comfortable and service is outstanding as always.  The door to the bathroom is a little strange because it's a sliding door, not a door that closes on a hinge.  Also, since the hotel is off the strip, it takes a while to catch a taxi.  I would definitely stay here again, it's a great way to be close to the Strip but be far enough away from the cigarettes.
4	We used their taxi line today. We were surprised about how fast we got a taxi today. With the CES tradeshow, it was a good idea to go to the Renaissance to catch a cab.
5	This place is great! Everyone is friendly. It's smoke-free. No casino to navigate through. And it's close to the Convention Center. Perfect place!
4	My colleagues and I always stay here when we're in town for ICSC (real estate convention) because of its convenience to the convention center. We can literally walk right over in about 10 minutes or less! The beds are what I imagine it would be like to fall into a fluffy cloud. I just want to stick it in my suitcase and bring it home with me!  They have a nice line of toiletries in the room that are nice quality.They lose 1 star only due to the limited (read expensive) food options. They have E*go cafe where you can get $12-$20 meals and room service is pricey as well. TIP: The fitness center on the 2nd floor has water bottles and fruit (apples, oranges, and bananas) - go there and stock up on free sustenance!!The doormen are always very friendly - there's one in particular who wears a straw hat who is consistently nice and helpful-especially in hailing cabs. The only other issue I have with this hotel, and most hotels, oh hell Vegas as a whole, is how un-eco friendly they are, and staying in them provides me with no options to be green. Bath towels and sheets washed after just one use, barely used soap that gets tossed and replaced, plastic water bottles, paper, and other recyclables just thrown away due to an absence of receptacles for recycling, lights, tv's, and a/c on all day. It's alarming what damage this does to our earth mama. Hopefully they'll catch on soon and implement a few green initiatives for their eco-friendly travelers..
4	Stayed here for two nights through Priceline! Their service is just freakin awesome! We probably called front desk five times in one night (pizza order, dinner plates, extra napkins, checkout, taxi, etc!) and they were nice and accomodating with us through it all. This place is closer to the Convention Center so it is not THAAAT close to the strip but still ok. Loved our bathroom's separate tub/shower stall. I just hated the fact that not many taxis come by so you kinda have to wait a bit for one! Overall, a great non smoking hotel for families and convention attendees!
5	We found out about this hotel due to a timeshare spiel I got us lured into. This hotel was one of their "upgrade options", so for an extra $99 we were able to stay here for our 3 nights on the timeshare company.I must say, this hotel was one of the best discoveries we could have ever made. This place is a non-smoking and non-gaming hotel near the convention center and the monorail. Not terribly convenient for summer time traveling(too hot to walk far,etc).and the other hotels are a $12-$15 cab ride away. These are the only downfalls to this hotel. The customer service is by far the best I have ever received at a hotel-especially of this caliber. Friendly and helpful to the max. We ordered room service for breakfast every day, it was wonderful. The bed was super comfy with great bedding and plenty of pillows. The water pressure in the shower was better than any I have had while traveling and the bathroom had a separate shower and tub. We had a view of the Wynn's golf course and I would happily stay here again in a heartbeat-even on my own dime!
5	One of the best and most comfortable hotels I have stayed it.  No smoking, no casino in this hotel so you truly get to rest and not inhale 2nd hand smoke...I loved it...only wished it was on the strip...Oh the parking is very convenient too...you dont have to walkt through a casino or huge walk way to get to the rooms...it was great!The rooms are clean, beds are comfy, bathrooms are nicely decorated and it's really squeaky clean...4.5 stars in total....minus half star for the location and small pool.
4	Just got home from Vegas, didn't lose any money and had the best night sleep possible.  I have been to a few Renaissance hotels in my time and this place was great.  I felt like a king in my room with a killer view and I ate like an emperor at the ENVY steakhouse.  The only complaint is that the TV was way to small for an upscale hotel.  Their is a shuttle that takes you to the Wynn every 30 minutes and they are really close to the Convention Center.  Envy Steakhouse was expensive but if you have status at Marriott you can get a buy one get one meal free coupon online.  Bobby Cockrill
1	Where should I start with this place? Starting off with 3 stars we end up with 1 here.Unfriendly check-in staff -  I usually use the infamous "$20 trick" in vegas, but the staff we encountered were so rude I was turned off. We also had to wait 7 hours for our room after trying to check in early.  They did not even offer to call us when it was ready, and forced us to call them multiple times. We also found out that people that tried checking in AFTER us were ahead of us on their waiting list!! WTF!!!???minus 1 star The room - Hair found in the bathroom, and on a bed pillow!dust bunnies on the drapes! The thermostat did not work well. It was under 40 degrees outside and It felt hot in the room. I could not get it to cool off much at all. The air didn't feel too cold to me. It was so hot I couldn't sleep on the last night. The electrical outlet in the bathroom stopped working during our stay.. WTF?? Speaking of the bathoom.. We had a plumbing problem as well... we could not flush solids for a while, and the drains were draining very slow... eventually it was fixed but we don't have time to deal with weak plumbing. When we complained about some of the problems we encountered all they offered was to redo the room.. and even after they did, they didn't empty the trash, or clean the toilet.  There is NO minibar in the room. minus 1 star.I won this hotel on priceline for $59/night for 2 nights.  I was hopeful this would be a nice hotel. I've stayed at a Marriott recently in another city annd it was much nicer.  We didn't eat at envy because we saw a bad review on trip advisor, and also here there are coupons for this place. We ended up eating at CUT at the palazzo, and loved it.
4	Great, low-key hotel off the strip. Big spacious rooms and bathrooms. Great front desk that is quick to help. I liked staying here because there weren't any drunk kids running around causing a ruckus. We stayed two nights and would be more than happy to stay even longer in the future. Did I mention the hotel also offers a free shuttle to and from The Wynn?
4	This hotel is great because it's away from the strip, but close enough that it only takes about 5 minutes to get there. The restaurant, ENVY, has great food too. The staff is great, always sure to use your name. The bellmen are very friendly, always talking to you while you're waiting. If you don't want to drive a lot, it's still great because you can walk straight to the tram that goes across the strip, which you can easily just pay for a day pass and go wherever you want along the strip. I've been here twice, for at least 3 nights each. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because there are some things that I found out at the second trip because they did not mention it to us before. I had no idea that you can park on your own. They made it seem like you had to go through their valet. I can't remember about the first time a few years ago, but when we went this past weekend, we found out that wifi is not free. For a 5 star hotel, you'd think that it would be free. It's $12.95 per day, and it's only from like 12-noon, well something like that. I only remember that she didn't mention you have access to it 24 hours a day. I guess this makes sense since I believe this is a business hotel. They can charge the businesses for wifi.Either way, it's still a nice place to get away. The rooms are very big and spacious. The beds are comfy too.
4	Great hotel, rooms are very modern with flat screen tv.  Very clean, trendy lobby and decent fitness center.No smoking.......at hotel.........and close to the strip.Service is outstanding!
4	We stayed here for a weekend trip to Vegas. We wanted to stay on the strip, but with prices jacked up for the Memorial Day weekend we thought we could stay here plus be right on the monorail. I was really impressed with their service, you would think they were a 5 star hotel. The rooms were really nice, clean, and spacey. And again the monorail was a .1 mile walk from the front door of the hotel. The only negative thing I have to say about Renaissance Las Vegas is that our room was abnormally warm and we kept messing with the thermostat, to the point where it read "58" degrees and yet I was still fanning myself. After talking to the front desk they assured us that they were aware of the problem and they had someone working on it. Hours later when we returned to our hotel room and the problem was 'fixed' we still couldn't get the temp. to go below 73 degrees, and trust me, when the Las Vegas sun is shining in your room 73 is hot!I would stay here again, because it wasn't too pricey and it's very convenient.
5	I came back here for the second week in a row.  The staff at the front desk remembered me as one of their finest customers, so I was given  one of their best one bedroom suites.........Very cool.......but not as nice as a Four Seasons or the Ritz, but still very large, comfortable and trendy.
4	This is a great place to stay off-strip for non-gamblers.  The rooms are very nice.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  It is close to the team for easy access to the strip.
4	After staying at the Cockroach Hilton next door, I was sooo happy to be staying here. The room was very comfortable and the ammenities, such as a coffee maker, a tv that you can see the picture clear and Lather Products, was just what I needed after my horror hotel the night before. Service was excellent from the bell men to the front desk. Clean and comfortable.Also, SMOKE FREE!!!!!!
5	A good choice. Clean, newer, posh and moderately priced.  2 or 3 long blocks away from the northern end of the strip.  Behind the Wynn golf course on Paradise Rd. if geography is a concern. Noise: ambient fridge droning (but to my white noise liking), usual hallway and occassional thumps from next door sounds, no voices or murmers heard, and got to love the plumbing.
4	My friend and I wanted somewhere cheap and quiet to stay in and the strip hotels (except Excalibur, Circus Circus, Stratosphere, and other undesirable locations) were all too expensive for our last minute booking.  Based on various reviews on the AAA website and Tripadvisor, we decided on the Renaissance. It's not on the strip and a taxi costs $7-$12 to get to hotels like the Wynn or Paris but we definitely enjoyed our stay.  The hotel was 4* and the service was very good.  The room we got had two double beds and a good sized bathroom with separate shower & tub.  It ended up costing about $100 per night.
4	Really nice hotel, friendly staff, and most importantly, very very CLEAN. It's completely smoke-free and has no casino which is such a must if you are an asthmatic or are a light sleeper. It's a little far away from all the action on the strip so cab fare ends up being about $10-15, depending on how far down the strip you go. I highly suggest taking the monorail instead which is across the street from the hotel. Tickets are only $5 one way, $14 for all day, plus it makes several stops along the strip. They close around 2 or 3 am and it wasn't really busy, even on July 4th weekend (and we all know that can be a madhouse!). Oh and the free shampoos smell really nice so I took those =]
4	Just stayed here, cool place.  It's modern, clean, hip, casual and non-smoking.  I was on top floor with a great view of the Wynn golf course.  I like the free parking also.  Only negative was housekeeping was MIA one day.  If you have a car like I did, you can take the side streets to many of the big hotels in no time without dealing with the Strip.
3	This was my first time staying off the strip in Vegas.  The staff was friendly, the rooms were clean, and the hotel was quiet.  DO NOT ORDER ROOM SERVICE.  The food was horrible.  By the time it got to our room, it was as fun as chewing on bricks.  The convenience factor was lacking big time at this hotel.  Simple things like water and snacks were a chore to retrieve.  They have a small cafe downstairs near the lobby but it closes early.  So if you need water after night of drinking, you're SOL.  Surprisingly, there are no shuttles to the strip so be prepared to drop cash on cabs - it will cost you ~10 bucks one way.  Pain in the A$$!!!  One last thing, I would NOT recommend walking around outside the hotel.  There are so many crackheads wandering around - NO JOKE!  We almost got attacked by one at the local McDonald's which is ~5 blocks away.  Overall an "OK" experience but next time I'm going back to the strip.
4	We've stayed here quite a few times in Vegas.  It's a great comfortable place with a touch of class.  We've also dined at Envy (separate review).  But that same food is available in the rooms.  The location is great, right next to the monorail and within walking distance of several restaurants and not on the strip.  By car, you can escape by going out the side street which is really nice if you have no intentions of going to the strip.  It's not a casino hotel and to me that's another plus, because you don't have to deal with walking 3/4 mile to leave the place.  Another perk is that it's close to the convention center if you are attending anything - but for people who aren't attending the convention, this means the hotel can be well-booked and it may be difficult to book or extend your stay.
4	Blessing in disguise.  So my girlfriend was checking out hotels for our trip to Vegas and accidentally booked a hotel without intending to do so.  Oops.  Renaissance Las Vegas Hotel?  What the hell is that?  WHERE the hell is that?  3/4 mile from the strip?  Noooo!Wait a second.  No casino?  Hmm, that means that it will be quieter, cleaner, and it won't take you an hour to navigate out to the street.  It's right in front of the monorail so you don't have to deal with cabbies trying to rip you off?  Whoa whoa whoa... 24/7 pool and hot tub?  SOLD!So yes, it was a blessing in disguise.  The staff was very pleasant for the most part, and everyone was willing to give directions (even if each person gave you different directions).  The hotel was clean and 100% smoke free.  The rooms were fine, nothing crazy, but they were clean.  No view from our window, but the bed was pretty comfortable, there were a few comfy chairs for sitting, a desk with a small LCD tv on it, and plenty of closet space.  The bathroom was nice as well, with separate tub/shower and a nice modern feel.In fact, this was such a blessing in disguise that I have a hard time believing that I will ever stay on the strip again.  Would I stay at Renaissance again?  Sure, the prices were reasonable, it was clean and quiet, and I loved the 24 hour hot tub access... what better way to wash away the day of dirty casinos, sweaty nightclubs, and the rest of the Vegas filth?  I might try another place off of the strip, but all in all the prices are reasonable and it's a solid hotel.There are nicer hotels in Vegas, and it all depends upon what you want, but if you're looking for a quieter option that doesn't stink like money, smoke and prostitutes, then this is a great option.  4 stars.
4	Very nice hotel! Very Clean! Very pretty! They had xmas decors and it was jus great! I luv goin to hotels where they dont have the casino in them kuz it dont smell like smoke. This place is off the strip and u cant walk to the strip kuz its jus too far. There's a lil coffee shop that sells some finger foods and snacks. But i suggest u not buy anything from there kuz its pricey as hell! A lil red bull was $4.32. I heard thats the price as the bigger red bull can when u get them at the regular store. but  u know hotels be taxin' up the ying yang! Ok so lemme describe the room. My room lookd jus like the picture thats loaded under the pictures. It had a lil flat screen on the desk, but channels they had sucked. Really had nothin to watch, but who's spose to watch TV in vegas anyways right!?! I didnt have a great view but im ok with that. View of the parking lot was good enuff for me! Bed was nice and clean. The bathroom was a good size. It had a stand up shower and a lil bath tub. Overall, it was a very nice room! And yes I would stay here again!
4	Very nice for the price! I believe it came out to 120 with taxes and fees for one night. As we walked it, we were surprised at how nice it was. Our room was normal size. The bathroom was fully equiped with separate shower and bathtub and a nice sink area with granite. The flat screen tv was a little lame though. It had a forever response time.i LOVE how they have Aveda products. WOOT TO THE WOOT!
5	SooooooIt is very hard to get a 5 star review out of me and I really thought about this one and guess what this is as good as it gets when it comes to service, which is what really matters when you are staying at a property...Trevor is just amazing...From an unsolicited ride to another hotel in town to pick up my forgotten goods, to a room upgrade that was unreal...  They hit the mark on service!!!The ladies in the concierge lounge are out of this world and so is the food up there!!!The view of the Wynn golf course and the strip was amazing as well!!So close to the monorail!I am sold on non-gaming lodging from here on out, having had some bad experiences in some of the bigger properties because you become a lost number in the shuffle...The Renaissance is small enough for the best service possible, and big enough to offer anything you could think of including a great gym on site and tasty fair and great rooms...Stay here and you will not be disappointed!!!
4	Visited here a few years back.  It's a very trendy spot with better ripoff prices you'd pay on the strip.  It's just a block away from the strip, so you won't need a cab.The room is very modernized.  I'd visit the place again.  Lobby is really nice.
5	Very modern, very clean, very quiet, and very.......well.....nice? I don't have any complaints with this hotel. It actually smelled pretty nice inside too. For 60 a night from Priceline its a great deal. It is a bit off the strip, cab will cost an avg of 8-9 bucks to the strip one way. It was a bit of a hassle, but all in all worth it. Didn't ride the monorail since its 5 a person, if you have a few people rolling with you it'll just be cheaper to get a cab if everyone chips in.
5	Allow me to start out simply: I FREAKING LOVE THIS HOTEL! LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!Ok. Moving on.I pulled up to the Renaissance and was slightly reluctant because the surrounding area was, um, a little shady. But the place looked nice so I figured it would be an oasis. It was. The valet was so pleasant and sweet! I was moving from CA to CO, so I had a TON of luggage. "No problem, my dear" said the bellman. I was totally impressed within the first 5 minutes. So after the great experience with the bellman (great guy, great conversation), I opened the door to my room. It had a wonderful view of Vegas and the Space Needle. However, it was nice and quiet and JUST far enough from the Strip. The room was immaculate. Spotless. The decor was modern and clean (which I love). The bathroom was gorgeous and I loved the shower (all glass, tucked into the corner). I was exhausted from my road trip and decided to order some room service from their restaurant Envy. It was a little pricey but WELL worth it. I got the salmon, cooked dry with no oil, and a side of wild mushrooms sauteed with just a touch of olive oil. Martha at the front desk arranged my special request with the chef and it was "No problem at all". When I got the food, it was exactly as I had requested. The food was AMAZING. Absolutely wonderful. The salmon was moist . The mushroom, incredibly flavorful. Whenever I needed anything, there is a button on the phone that you push and they literally answer, "Hello, Ms. _____, ready to serve. How my I assist you today?" The room was extremely quiet, and considering it was New Years weekend, that was quite impressive. The bed was very comfortable and had lots of pillows (which is so important!). The next morning, I used their gym. Let me tell you, the gym is fantastic. I'm studying sports medicine and workout all the time. This gym had everything you could possibly need.  They even set out fresh fruit and electrolyte-enhanced water. I was so impressed!Basically I didn't want to leave. Ever. And I will definitely be back!
4	I got this hotel through Priceline for about $55/night.  It is off-strip and about 3-4 miles away from the airport.  The hotel definitely has a modern feeling to it ... the decor was elegant and polished.  I was really impressed upon arriving!  Check-in was pain-free ... it took literally about 3 minutes for me to check in.  The front desk was very professional, nice, and courteous.  I stayed there during their 5 year anniversary celebration, so I was given a card that had a prize for me waiting inside.  Turns out, I got a certificate for "Buy 2 for the price of 1 appetizer" at their Envy restaurant.  Too bad I didn't get to use it!The hotel room was also a reflection of the hotel lobby itself.  It is very modern and sleek.  I really liked it!  They had one guest robe and a big desk for you to sit at to do some work.  The bathroom has a separate tub as well as a separate shower stall.  The only complaint about the hotel room is that it didn't have a lock on its door.  Rather, it is a sliding door.  I personally like to have a bathroom door with a lock on it, but it's not too much of a big deal.  The bed was very comfortable and all white. Simple, modern, clean.  When I am in Vegas, I like to stay off-strip and in hotels that do not have casinos.  This, as well as the Trump Hotel, are definitely great hotels to stay at if you prefer these as well.  Definitely recommend.
5	I came back this week, got my great suite with the view of the strip!!!Enough said!
3	Okay, this evaluation is based on my experience this weekend. I've been in a two star hotel that should be condemed and a four star that lived up to the rating. This hotel did not meet my expectation for 4 stars, the big issue being location, Location, LOCATION. While it's close to the strip it's far enough away that you have to be careful of the neighborhood. We did not feel safe given that it's not well lit, especially for Las Vegas. Even the cab driver said "Dont walk in this neighboorhoof if you value your life."  On the positive side, the room looked just like the picture. I really liked that the hotel is 100% smoke free.
4	This is my one of my favorite hotels when I visit Las Vegas! The staff at the front desk are super friendly and are always accommodating. They usually upgrade me to a suite overlooking the Wynn golf course. The suite has a large living room with a flat screen, dinning area, separate bedroom with another flat screen and a large bathroom. The lobby is modern and chic looking, the bar is contemporary also and has a comfortable lounge. You can step outside in front of the lounge where they have additional tables and chairs where it's smoker friendly. The concierge lounge offers breakfast and happy hour with finger foods and even desserts! With the recession hitting Vegas the concierge lounge is closed now Friday afternoon and reopens Sunday evening. What a bummer! If your attending a convention at the Hilton this hotel is great because it's within a few minutes walking.. What's a real plus here is there's no gaming and it's easy to get in and out unlike the larger hotels. The fitness center here has everything you need for a workout and downstairs is the Envy Steak house which has excellent food through out the entire day. The only additional con here is they don't have a spa for massage so that cost them a star.
5	Probably one of the best non-casino hotels in Las Vegas. Because it didn't have a casino, the lobby was not crowded and didn't smell like smoke. Get a room facing the strip for a fantastic view. The concierge was extremely helpful in getting us show tickets. And surprisingly, it's not valet! You can park your car at their garage and access it easily. Room service was great, though the downstairs restaurants was a bit pricey. The rooms are fairly large with a very modern touch. A good place for those looking for a smaller, less crowded hotel.
4	I stayed here for three nights last week and my co worker came in for two nights. We received upgrades due to my Platinum status which included breakfast, 24 hour access for non alcohol beverages and evening appetizers and desserts in the lounge upstairs. I believe Marriott has the one of the best rewards program out there and I take advantage using the Black Platinum Visa to receive many perks such as 50% bonus points at any Marriott stays, room upgrades when available, early and late check in out privileges, complimentary night stay on posted regular packages for weekends, and complimentary meal entree when one is purchased. Some Marriott brand hotels include breakfast on weekends at no charge which is another great feature. As you can see I'm a big Marriott fan, if your traveling why not take advantage of the programs offered to benefit your personal travel and save a couple of bucks? Get yours at: http://www.mychasecreditcards.com/4000007/Premier.aspx?CELL=6ZH9:
4	Ah... we've got this hotel from Priceline.com. So, we didn't actually choose it but it was chosen. The price was incredible that we just couldn't pass it up. The hotel was new so we didn't know what to expect; however, when I found out that it was a Marriott chained... I knew that we wouldn't be disappointed. The hotel is located a bit away from the strip, which is not a downside if you have a car. I've often flew to LV from CA so the location would've been a big inconvenience but this time we drove. Given that it's away from the strip means less traffic to deal with. It was a bit of a challenge for us to find a place to eat, though. The accommodation itself was superb... above and beyond what we expected. The bathroom was big and it has a fancy tub and separate shower covered with glass (I love glass covered showers!). They gave nice fluffy towels (with bathrobe?). And they gave us 2 queen beds... very comfortable with lots of big pillows! The view was of the city and incredible at night time! We took advantage of the nice pool/jacuzzi. Given that it was a new hotel when we went and that location was away from the strip... there weren't very many guests. There was an incident with clogging in one of the neighboring rooms that affected ours and we were given a credit for another future stay. I'm not sure what became of this as the Manager who promised to send us an email confirmation never did. (-1 star) But, all in all... it was a pleasant experience. :)
3	Place was ok.  I had a free room with Marriott and this was the best option.  My complaint lies in the fact that there was poor drink service by the pool the first day I was there.  Second day, a guy came out but still wasn't acceptable given the 108 degree day.  Nice laid-back place with no casino.  Room was good with the usual pillow-madness on the beds.  Good mattress.  Shower door was a bit in trouble with the seal flapping off.  TV was pretty small and Non-HD which was a negative.  Staff was friendly.  I'm not sure I'd stay here again if I had to pay, but it's not a bad spot if you want a place out of the madness of the usual Vegas experience or have to hit the conventions center right across.
4	Very modern and contemporary. We got a great deal on hotwire for 3 nights...I think around $100 a night. The only downside is the fact its not right on the strip.  However, the monorail is near by so it's pretty easy to get to the strip.  The good side to being away from the strip is not having a casino right in the hotel.  Sometimes its nice to get away from all the hustle and bustle of the strip.
1	As a frequent guest and Platinum Elite, I will no longer choose to stay at this hotel.  The rooms are nice.  I did have a suite too, however the room was missing funiture, dirty and in need of renovation.  The service this time was really lacking at the front desk.  The afternoon/evening valet guy was very rude.  It was always customary for him to yell across the driveway at you.  There are plenty of options in Las Vegas, shame on the Renaissance for not being "delighted to serve".
4	Except for the lack of wireless wi-fi, which was promised, the place was awesome to stay at.  They have a rail station right out front for easy trips to the strip.  The Envy steakhouse was great for breakfast & lunch, and I'm sure for dinner, but never tried it at night.Pool was great, and had a nice layout, but it's not Rehab or any strip pool by any stretch of the imagination.Room was spacious, clean and the bathroom was massive.Highly recommend this if you don't mind not having a casino below you.
3	Stayed here on a Sat night.It's off the strip by the convention center.Found a good deal on travelzoo..$98 a night with tax already.Plus $50 food credit. They had valet which was nice.Hotel deco is modern and contemporary. I asked for a higher floor with view of the Wynn and Wynn's golf course. Room was a good size as well as the bathroom.I would definitely come back..minus a few things.-On the morning of check out the maid decides to come early.Okay I mean she decides to open my door without knocking. Thank God I was already dressed.-About 15 minutes later I think it was the hotel manager that came by and knocks on my door. She asks if we are okay? And I respond yes we are okay. I'm wondering why she is here? Then she says okay take your time checking out. Then I say what time is checkout? 12pm..It was only 1045am..so weird whatever!-Lastly we decided to try the buffet at the Envy Steakhouse.The lady seats us at a table which is right by a wall...well there was only 2 of us and I wanted to sit in a booth.I politely ask could we have a booth instead. And she quickly responds..oh all the booths are reserved for. Really then why is it that by the time I finished eating there were so many booths that were empty?
4	Stayed here for three nights and paid only for two.This review is for the club lounge on the top floor. The ladies in the am and eveing do a fantastic job - super friendly, great service and good quality food. Great job!!
3	Decent business hotel and well off the strip--quiet. Staff were helpful and the place was clean.
5	Hey, I don't have to hold my breath while walking through the lobby, amazing!5 Stars from me!But no really, comfy, quiet rooms with good amenities for cheap and it's about a block away from the strip, you can't really complain.
3	This is a second review after a return visit. The hotel is still a pretty good place to stay at while in Las Vegas. But after staying at other comparable hotels, I've made some observations.- The room sizes are pretty small, despite the amazing view of the Strip. - The decor is getting dated. The hallway had bumps and scratches from thousands upon thousands of visitors and baggage carts. - Though they had flat panel TVs, they didn't have HD channels had a very limited lineup.- The location is still pretty great. The streets surrounding the hotel are not that busy. But it is a walk to the Strip and even then you are further up from most of the attractions (nearest hotel is the Wynn). You are pretty close to the Fashion Show Mall.All in all, I enjoyed by revisit to the Renaissance. But next time, I will try some of the newer hotels.
5	Got a great deal for this place at 110/night on Priceline so for the value this was quite nice, luxury quality furnishings and modern decor, nothing tacky like the strip (which it wasn't on, but was easily accessible by walk or monorail next to the convention center).  Nice bar and restaurant (see separate review) that was a great alternative to the very crowded NYE venues.  A little hard to figure out how to get into the valet parking (not marked), the hotel-supplied razors left my companion bloody and in pain, but otherwise no major complaints.
4	I really enjoyed my stay at Renaissance.  Since I've been going to Vegas often, my boyfriend & I have been trying to hotels with reasonable prices that are close to the strip when MGM isn't having a special. heheh.  Anyway, we came across Renaissance.  The thing that caught our eye was the great price of around $80 a night even on weekends & a $50 gift certificate to use at ENVY.  I say thumbs up to a deal like that!  Renaissance is located right next to the Hilton Las Vegas/Convention Center & so it about a block or two away from the Wynn.  The rooms here are a decent size, with enough lounging space for two people.  The bathroom was also nice with a tub & a shower.  The bed was comfy & the pillows were firm yet fluffy.  I felt comfortable staying here and glad I did.  We took taxis at night to Venetian...it cost about $10 one way.  If you took a taxi to Wynn or Encore it'd probably be a few bucks cheaper.  But it was definitely worth it saving the extra hundred bucks on a room & taking a taxi to the strip.The hotel itself looks really new & modern.  I didn't visit the pool area since it was Winter time but it looked nice from what I saw.  They also a fitness center for guests to use which was pretty awesome.  And we can't forget about the hidden gem here...ENVY steakhouse!!  You can't go wrong staying here.  If you don't want to dish out the dough on the stirp, you can always cab it from Renaissance.  Plus, you're like a 2 minute elevator ride away from the best steak of your life!
4	Stayed here for 3 nights and was upgraded to a suite on the 8th floor overlooking the Wynn Golf course. The hotel was busy bc of a blue tooth convention and attendees came in from around the world. Service was stellar as usual, at the club lounge they served evening appetizers like pork loin, grilled steak, rice pilaf, lunch meats, and an assortment of fresh veggies and cheeses although they have changed the format on alcohol beverages - the servers take your order and serve you vs help yourself honor system. I got the impression people were taking advantage and not paying for want they were consuming! The lounge also serves breakfast and the selection changes daily - salmon, sausages, scrambled eggs, cheese blintzes, and ham were a few items offered in addition to fresh fruit, oatmeal, yogurts, and a nice selection of pastries and breads. Renaissance LV is perfect for business travelers or vacationers, there's a sky train within steps, great quality and service is spot on. I'll definitely be returning here!
2	I stayed here this weekend along with a few other couples.  We always stay at Marriott hotels to get the rewards points.  We tried this one out because it was the best price.  A lot of people say its only a block to the strip but its longer.  What is nice is that the monorail stop is right next door so you can just hop on and off the. They have a 24hour pass for $12.00.  The hotel itself was nice and the room was what I expected.  The room was quite small compared to other Vegas hotels that I have stayed at.  So after all of this, why the 2 star review?  The service sucked.  I am very big on service and if I dont get good service then I dont come back.  When we arrived it took a while for the valet to appear.  We went to check in and the lady behind the counter just appeared busy for about 5 minutes before looking up and saying anything. It took about 15 minutes to pick up the car from the valet and there was no one in front of us.  We didnt have a view of the strip but we werent in the room that much so it really didnt matter.
4	Really nice and we got hooked UP. We are on the 14th floor with a great view, the concierge brought up a plate of brie and crackers and coca colas to start our stay. Heated pool and hot tub, exercise room and the staff is AWESOME. a little out of the way but it's a nice hotel for the price.
3	Stayed here for 2 nights with friends. Quiet, clean rooms. Great television channel offering, even though we spent most of our time out of the hotel! It's a great hotel if you're looking for a nice place to stay that's a little cheaper than staying on the strip, but still reliable. There's an Illy cafe on the ground floor.
2	Pros: nicely appointed room, standard four star stuff.Cons: The walls are paper thin. I could literally hear word for word a conversation from the room next-door and there was not even a connecting door between the rooms.The casino/hotels just seem to be built better as far as noise cancellation properties (i.e., insulation ) than your typical business class hotel.Otherwise a nice hotel.
4	Stayed here in Vegas for this trip and it is very nice.  I am a fan of staying at non-casino hotels here in Vegas to avoid the casino smoke and gamblers.  : )  This hotel appears to have been built within the last year or two.  Parking is free and appears safe and secure.  Have not tried the food options here and probably will not before I checkout because I am not a hotel foodie.  Service was good checking in and everyone seems friendly.  Internet is high speed and is a good value.
1	Room 808...this is the room they gave us because we got a priceline deal.  Once they know you're priceline, they give you what you paid for.  Wife tried taking a shower and told me there's no hot water. Called front desk and they sent up an "engineer" who couldn't speak English.  He stood there and turned all the faucets on for over 10 minutes and then told us it was hot now, that it's the position of the pipes, and left without apologizing.  I thought I could live with this and I'm not one to complain.  Then I tried taking a shower shortly after my wife and the same sh**.  I called front desk to compensate us if we had to pack back up and move to another room.  I spoke with a rude hotel supervisor who said that there was nothing they can do to compensate for this egregiousness.  He said it was caused by the fact that we were in a high rise hotel.  HIGH RISE!  Every hotel in Vegas is a high rise and I've never experienced standing in a cold shower for over 10 minutes.  I asked if this was acceptable to him and he sarcastically said "yes...you asked for my opinion" WOW!  DO NOT STAY HERE!
5	Every Year we conduct 2-3 events at this location, very awesome hotel to work with; very friendly staff; and always bend over backwards to your needs...If you want to stay in Vegas peacefully.. and save the noise for the evening and then come back to relax.. this is the place to do just that.
5	Stayed here on a package - stay three nights and pay for only two. I called ahead of checking in with Saul and he pre arranged an upgrade to a suite. When I drove in from from Salt Lake Utah I was greeted by Ann who was really friendly and accommodating. She even noticed I was on the 3rd floor and mentioned construction at night was taking place on the street so she moved me to a 9th floor suite. The suite had views of the Wynn golf course and was really spacious. Wireless WIFi and now this Renaissance offers Internet hi def on the large LG flat screens in both the living room and bedroom. Con is the daily fee per day but gold and platinum members get discounted rates. Hopefully they'll drop this fee at least for their loyal customers. Upstairs in the club lounge the improvements are noticeable - nightly soup is served with a hot main entree like chicken breast with pilaf, mushrooms, asparagus and squash. In addition, there were veggies with dip, various cheeses & crackers and assorted cold cuts. For desserts they offered a variety of items like cookies to die for, mini desserts and brownies. Kudos to all of the hostesses upstairs in the lounge for breakfast and evening they all do a great job and are all so friendly.
4	I would be happy to return to the Renaissance Las Vegas Hotel on another visit to town. If you prefer to stay a little off the strip this hotel would be a perfect spot for you. It's also right off the monorail and just a $10 cab ride to Caesar's Palace.  It has great access to the convention center.  It's also ideal for the business traveler as it has a business lounge and additional meeting rooms available for use. The staff here is over and beyond friendly and willing to accommodate their guests. Rooms are nicely appointed and they have a large work out facility.My only complaint here is the pool area. It's what I call a "make believe" pool that gets very little sun. They also have only one restaurant and if you're staying at the hotel for awhile it would be nice to have a few more options but.....then again the strip is always nearby.
5	I recently booked a last minute trip to Vegas (May 13 to the 15), and I couldn't find anything on the Strip. I figured the hotel would be a bit old and outdated since its not one of the major ones. But I was wrong.... really wrong. My other friends were staying at the Flamingo, which they innitally claimed was awesome.Once I checked in, I was upgraded to the 8th floor. The view was decent, but the room was awesome. The furniture, the carpet, the restroom were clean and nice. The staff was super friendly and the hotel itself wasn't loud. Parking was also free. I really think I got a super sweet deal since I only paid about $165.00 for the two nights vs. the $350 my friends paid at the Flamingo.The only difference is that the swimming pool at the Renaissance is very small, but clean and well maintained. Very good for relaxing or for those with small children or kids under 18. I took my teenage son and he loved it since he wasn't kicked out of the pool whenever there were parties going on. In the end, my friends and their kids ended up coming over to our hotel for the pool. Their kids only had limitted access at the Flamingo and they got tired of trying to figure out the times when the kids would be allowed in.The hotel is not on the Strip. So, you do have to do some driving to get there. However, I found the distance from the Strip to be far enough as to keep away from the noise. Yet, close enough to get to all of the action in less than 5 minutes. This hotel is awesome for the price and worth a visit. While some of the hotels might be on the Strip, you have to deal with the massive crowds, the noise, and sometimes the bad maintenance they give to their rooms. Not this hotel though. I would definally stay here again and I would recommend it to tourists with children, teenagers or people who love the Vega's ambiance, but who also love to get a good nights rest.
3	The price was very affordable - probably because there was no convention going on the week I was there. If you are going for a convention, the location is very convenient. You're overlooking the parking lot and can easily walk across it to get to the monorail. Also the hotel is about a $15 cab ride from the airport after tip. The check in process is easy and the room is pretty up to date/fashionable. The TV is turned on with a welcome message with your name to make you feel special. There are a few things about the rooms I didn't enjoy -- like the placement of the hooks for towels in the bathroom. It's no where near the shower door. During my recent stay, I started hearing the jack hammer from the construction workers right in front of the hotel around 9:30pm. By 10:30pm I called the front desk who took a while to answer then longer to resolve the situation. I asked if they knew about the jack hammer problem and they replied, "Yes." Then I asked how long it will go on for. "All night." Another short answer. I explained I had to get up early in the morning with a long pause she asks me to hold. A few songs later, she comes back on the phone and says I can move to another room with no view. Well grant it the view was a parking lot and I was going to bed anyway, it didn't matter. Someone promptly came by to give me my new keys and I was on my way. + free wired Internet connection - the pool is in an awkward position where it's surrounded by glass so everyone's constantly looking in +/- Envy (restaurant in the lobby): separate review but there's simply not much to envy.
4	If you are visiting Vegas and looking to save a little bit of money on a hotel room, consider this slightly off-Strip, casino-free hotel. It's relatively easy to get around Vegas from this hotel. The rooms are quite nice - though, there is nothing of particular note about them. And the steakhouse located within the hotel is pretty good. All in all, a decent place - without the Strip excitement, but also without the Strip price.
5	amazing hotel. i enjoyed staying at a non-smoking and off the strip hotel. The hotel was worth more than $99, which i paid for 1 night. The room came with a $25 dining credit (good towards steak restaurant, cafe or room service) which i used for breakfast the next day and on the way out. The room was clean and modern. The bathroom fixtures were modern, had a mini fridge, blow dryer, iron board, coffee machine, a shower and a separate tub. The bed was firm with lots of fluffy pillows. I like the color scheme, it was vibrant and young. The hotel was super quiet and the staff was friendly. Check in literally took 5 minutes and check out was literally 1 minute. I don't recommend the valet. Yes, the valet is free but by the time you wait for a valet, get your luggage out and wait for a bell-hop, you could have already been in your room relaxing. Skip the valet, self-park (plenty of parking), walk to the elevator, check-in, total 10 minutes. The valet service can be hectic with impatient travelers (i was sandwiched between a honking mess, front car was honking and the car behind me was honking because the front car didn't understand the "self-Park" line..(the front car) turned off their car while waiting for a valet attendant and made a complete mess, valet attendant fixed the situation, 5 minute of chaos- bleh )I used the $25 dining credit at the e.go cafe. Ordered smoked salmon bagel with onions and capers, and a cup of chai tea. Delicious!!! There were 4 people in my party and the $25 stretched for 2 smoked salmon bagels, 1 ham breakfast sandwich, and 2 coffee. I would definitely stay here again. Quiet, smoke-free, modern, clean, attentive staff, monorail within walking distance (literally 2 minute walk), and no riff-raff.
4	I've been to the Renaissance before but had never been up to the rooms.  My friend had a birthday and invited us up to her room before she went out.  The Renaissance is a beautiful hotel!  The lobby, restaurant and bar are all very attractive.  The room was a little less than pretty.  I understand people come to this location primarily for business purposes.  The room felt more like a conference room than a hotel room.  I didn't go into the bedroom because she had girlfriends changing in there.  Hopefully it was a little cozier than the rest of the room.  My favorite part about the Renaissance has to be Envy...this is probably one of my top 5 favorite steakhouses in Las Vegas.  It's somewhere no one thinks to go because the location is off the beaten "Strip" path.  I would highly recommend it to anyone locally or someone specifically staying in this area.  My husband and I agreed we are going back just for dinner!
2	I checked in on Tuesday for three nights. I was upgraded to a suite on the 7th floor but the suite was extremely warm due to the thermostat was to high. It took several hours to cool the living room down. Then that night I was awakened to a bulldozer backing up and listening to irritating beeping and construction at 4:00 am.I'm a light sleeper so I tossed and turned for several hours before finally gave in and went to the fitness center to work out.What really sucks is I requested a upgrade and requested a high floor in a previous e mail I received from a staff member a day before arrival. I advised her of what took place that Wednesday morning via e mail and never even got a reply - BOGUS! On Wednesday afternoon I ended up relocating all my belongings  to the fifteenth floor where I couldn't hear any construction noise! Management - Are you reading this? Is this how you treat your Premier Platinum Elite members.... WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT.
4	I stayed here for a recent business trip and found it to be a breath of fresh air in otherwise smokey Las Vegas :)When you go to Vegas for fun, a casino in your hotel is not just fun, it's convenient! You're going for the party and the night life, so that's to be expected. When you go to Vegas for business, all that stuff can be overwhelming when all you want to do is rest and maybe go out for dinner. The Renaissance is one of the only smoke free hotels in LV, which is AWESOME... it was so nice to not come home reeking like an ash tray and having to re-wash all my laundry. Plus, this was the first time I came home from Vegas and didn't get sick- which if you ask me, speaks volumes of this hotel's cleanliness.The gym is clean and nice, and has a lovely stocked (free!) fruit bowl and water. The machines are newer, and some even have video screens built in them. While the steakhouse (Envy) downstairs was raved about, I had no intention on blowing my entire day's food allowance on once meal so I opted for tapas at the bar. I left full and satisfied, and the cost was much more reasonable. They lose a star for charging so much for wifi and for the thin walls. Saturday night was tough to get to sleep early when our neighbors came home obviously pretty wasted... plus, hearing alarm clocks in other rooms made for earlier mornings than necessary.I'll happily stay here again any time and would recommend it to either the business traveler or anyone who doesn't want a smokey casino-like hotel.
4	Loved my short stay here this weekend. The staff from checkin, bartenders, to valet (especially valet!) were great. The bartender Phillip made me a great cucumber agave mojito concoction of his which was amazing! :) What a great first drink of the weekend!It's a nice alternative to the hotels on the Strip when you don't want the casinos and the smoke to follow you all the way to bed; but want to be close enough to the Vegas experience. Great prices too.
5	great bang for the buck!  excellent decor and amenities and got a holiday weekend for under $100 a night!  plus it is close to the strip.  i would stay there again for sure!
4	Lets get this out of the way from jump street: I don't like Vegas & I don't gamble. To me it's nothing other than a desert oasis on the way to Cali. That said, I had an unreal meal @ Island style & this hotel was nice since I don't gamble and I just wanted a bed. I used air miles for the room and they gave me a $25 voucher for breakie. ~ Great bar & bartender. 2 for 1 dirty blue cheese martinis, had me up way later than I wanted with a 5:30 am bail time for the city of Angels.~ Clean, up to date rooms & the property is in great shape. It looks like it's a year or two old, not the 6 or 7 that it is = they maintain it well.~ Free parking.~ No casino is a + for moi.The bad:Pay for wifi, really? For shame, for shame. I'm an IT nerd, wifi costs nothing. Here's a tip hoteliers, keep the $25 voucher and gimme the wifi!!!!
4	My letter to the GM Renaissance Las Vegas!Hello -First and foremost let me tell you what an amazing weekend we had @ your hotel.  It was absolutely perfect.  This doesn't happen to my husband and I very often and so for it to go as smoothly as it did was wonderful.  We loved every bit of your hotel, staff and accommodations.  We arrived on Friday and due to a prior engagement had almost a midnight check in.  My husband ran in to check us in and came back rather quickly.  He advised that there was a slight snafu but we were just waiting on mgmnt to get us an upgraded room.  In my eyes this was just free water.  I was almost in tears.  I thought our reservation was lost or even worse.  When he came back for the second time and we went to go park - I was still very anxious about the whole thing.  Well, when we got to the 12th floor and we opened our room 1232 (BEST ROOM EVER!) I couldn't believe my eyes.  We have NEVER been upgraded.  Not even for our honeymoon.  It rained on our wedding day.  :(  Anyway I digress.  I whipped out my camera and started to take pics immediately.  What a fantastic room.  So nice.  It was bigger then our first apt together.  Everything was FANTASTIC!!!  The shower, the tub, the bed, that chaise lounger, the furniture, the kitchen and best of all TWO BATHROOMS!!!!  WOW.  Talk about impressed.  As I say upgrades like this one just do not happen to us.  We were just so appreciative.  Oh!  I forgot to mention the free dessert.  I still owe our food delivery guy a tip.  I don't think he understood what I was trying to tell him when he arrived.  It was fantastic.  Two days later we are still talking about what an AWESOME time we had.  The room was so great.  I wish we could have stayed longer.  It was a once in a lifetime upgrade and won't soon be forgotten.  Loved it.  Thank you to your staff and everyone involved in making our weekend one that will be commented on for a very long time.  We will certainly be back.
4	Nice quiet respite off strip. For those that prefer a quieter place to rest your head that does not have a casino or drunks stumbling around at all hours, this is the place. Rooms are a bit smaller than I'd prefer, but staff was excellent when we were checking in early. Did our best to accomodate us as rooms were not ready. Room was clean and looked to updated fairly recently. May not stay again due to preference of being on the strip, but great option otherwise.
4	I give it 4 stars because of the location.This place was beautiful! Service is excellent! The front desk associates are so friendly! If you are planning to go to Vegas and want something away from the Strip, this is a great location! It's something near the Strip but not on the strip so it's nice to be away from all the traffic.
4	Yes I'm a fan again! Check in was a breeze and the front desk receptionist was sweet, friendly and recognized my Premier Platinum status. If your into gaming you won't find it here and it takes only minutes to get to your room unlike the giant casino/hotels on the strip. My suite on the 10th floor had a spacious living room which overlooked the Wynn Golf course, a huge bathroom with separate shower and tub and a separate bedroom with a refrigerator stocked with bottles of cold water. Me welcome gift picks were a bottle of Cabernet Savignon from Spain and a pint of strawberry Haagen Dazs. That ice cream was addicting! and I had to flush part of it down the toilet otherwise I would have finished it all! Definitely will be returning here again in October.
4	Booked a room here for a very reasonable price with a $25 dollar credit for food. The hotel had mainly "the stay for a business trip" vibe. Nice, clean, smoke-free environment. The only negative was that my room was all the way at the end of the hall and i think housekeeping forgot to arrive to our room to clean up during the day. Other than that i would def return to this hotel. It was a great off the strip place to stay, yet close enough to everything.
4	Very impressed. This property is a full-service hotel in the Marriott family. Staff are amazingly responsive & service-oriented. Property is bright, clean, & well-cared-for.There are NO slots and NO casino on the property - that's a big win in my book. If you want those, they are a quick monorail ride away.This is a NO SMOKING property - FABULOUS policy.Rooms were quiet, clean, and current.On-site bar & restaurant were terrific.The only thing holding my review to 4 of 5 stars was the wifi did not work well in either rooms or conference areas. It was available but did not allow access to our company's Exchange server (though web access was easy). I used my smartphone's tethering feature but other colleagues were very frustrated.Overall, really great.
4	I enjoyed staying here.  The service was excellent.  The hotel's not over the top glamorous like a lot of the other hotels in Vegas.  Nevertheless, it was tastefully decorated and modern. It's not on the strip, but it's located within walking distance from a monorail station.  It was perfect for a visit to Vegas.
4	This place is great. Smoke and casino free, quiet, and the hotel staff is excellent. I agree with other posters that the hallways and rooms are showing some minor wear and tear and might be due for a touch up but all the must haves are there: great location, great bed, great staff, and quiet. Envy steakhouse was good but super expensive. I think I'll skip it next time and head down the street to Firefly Tapas..
2	Booked two nights here in June. Upon arrival, I was pleasantly surpirsed. I should have known that it would be downhill from there...Rooms: Small but comfortable; overheard some pretty interesting conversations (plus one star for the freaky couple in the next room) through the paper-thin walls.  Location: Personally, I did not think that the hotel was as close to "the Strip" as everyone made it out to be.  Walking 1/2 an hour to 45 minutes in 100+ degree weather to get to the Wynn was just not fun.  It was an especially interesting walk at night... we will just leave it at that.Pool: Small and crowded. Skipped it! Dining/Bar:  The food at the small restaraunt (Envy I think it was called) was actually good - but then again, we only had small bites, appetizers, and booze.  [note: the french fries are served on a plate the size of my coffee table].  Late night bar atmosphere was low-key and fun, but then again, that could have been due the crazy and awesome girl I met from Oakland there. I digress. The little coffee bar (near the parking garage) should, on the other hand, be closed down.  I've made better breakfast paninis in my college dormroom.  I want my $20 back.  Final thought: I guess it is not a bad place to just crash, but nothing more.  Personally, I ditched this place after one night and booked the Vdara for my final night.  Best Vegas decision yet!
3	The hotel itself is nice and the room was comfortable but the service sucked and the walls are paper thin. Don't come here if you're looking for a peaceful night's rest, we heard every conversation going on in the room next to us.
4	For the price paid this was exactly what I wanted.  I travel to Las vegas 3x's a year.  I do think 4 stars is too high for this hotel and yet because it met my needs so well I'm giving it four stars. Go figure... HitsClean in every way.Quiet lobby which is rare for VegasQuiet hall waysNice helpful staffClose to monorailPrice is rightSoft and firm pillowsGreat shampooI got access to the internet on my Iphone 4GBeautiful  view of the golf course at the Wynn & of course the Wynn hotel Room size was goodTV was newer and up to dateMissesThin bar soapTerrible hair dryersBroken ice machineThin wallsRough towelsTerrible room service menuFelt like a 3 star hotel from start to finishClean goes a long way in my book and my room was clean.  Maybe it was newer or the Renaissance has an attentive house keeping staff.  We were a part of a larger party mainly based at Harrah's.  It was very convenient to walk right outside of the hotel and take the monorail back and forth to the hotel. Overall, we had a great view from the 17th floor and we had a quiet uneventful  ;) ;)  stay.
4	nice hotel, good accommodations
5	There are many reasons why I would give this hotel 5 stars:  it's far away from the hoards of drunk tourists; it's close to one of my favorite LV restaurants, Firefly; it's a short walk away from the best sportsbook I've been to in the LV Hilton; the ultimate reason though would be because, the beds are so comfortable.  It's always about the beds when it comes to hotels.  Always!If you're looking for a little quiet time in Las Vegas then a hotel like the Renaissance is what your looking for.  A great hotel for a peaceful stay in LV.  There's also a nice steakhouse in the premises and a small cafe-like place for a few necessaries like drinks, sandwiches, etc.  There's also a nice little pool area that's a sweet place to hangout at.  The pool is a little small but the decor of the area makes up for it.  I like the fact the amenities are Aveda products.  The beds are incredible.  I haven't slept so fast and comfortably in years.  There's tons of parking for your rental or car also.  If you decide to just stay in your room there's almost 100 channels at your fingertips including an HBO package...nice!   I'd love to stay here again, but they don't comp because there isn't a casino...ahhh, peace and quiet!
2	Stayed 3 nights over the Thanksgiving day weekend.  This is a clean, modern hotel across the street from the LV Conv Ctr.  We were looking for a non-smoking hotel near the strip, although I rented a small car.  This was a good value since 1 night was free and there are NO RESORT Fees nor self park fees.  But very sad to say that our room on the 10th floor had paper thin walls, hopefully a unique room / floor problem but very disappointing and surprising for a Marriott brand hotel.  You could easily understand the conversation in the adjacent room and in the bathroom the sound was louder and more clear; it was almost as if there wasn't a wall behind the mirror or maybe the vents were connected.  I travel a fair amount for business (5-7 nights+/month) and I can say the noise level seemed more expected in a 2 star motel chain.  So if you can get a room without neighbors, this would be a 3.5-4 star place.  The other minor, but troubling issue that we had were the lack of towels.  The 2nd day we received no face towels, mentioned it to the front desk person without results.  The 3rd day we received no face towels and missed 1 hand towels.  What is up with the lack of towels!  We've never experienced this frustration during any hotel stay.  I wonder if booking through Hotwire has a poo-poo factor.
4	ancient chinese proverb: a person who is able to manage his expectations, is a happy person.this is not the wynn, nor the encore, nor the mgm grand... so don't expect it to be. it is a semi boutique brand, franchisee owned hotel of the marriott system, if you understand what that is, then you will understand why i gave it a 4 star.first and foremost... there is no casino on campus. which means there is no smoking. no rowdy cowboy hat wearing d-bags from salt lake city, nor skimpily dressed bachelorette party from orange county, or the seemingly lost but pretending not to be lost couple des moines. what you will get is a comfortable, business like hotel, that is quiet, close to the convention center and the monorail.the room is updated but small. bed is comfortable. well appointed bathroom with a glass shower. plenty of electrical outlets (a pet peeve of mine) in the room. my room over looks the wynn golf course, and the skyline of the strip. the concierge lounge is on the 15th (top) floor, opens on weekday mornings for breakfast, afternoon for hors d'oeuvre, and evening for dessert. one thing i must point out tho, when i visited the lounge on sunday afternoon, the hors d'oeuvre was some of the same items from the brunch buffet. i will give them the benefit of the doubt and not say that they are serving the left overs.the e.go cafe is what it is, a cafe at a hotel, i wrote a separate review for the ENVY steakhouse, so read up on that....the renaissance brand use to be owned by ramada, bought by the marriott system in the 90's i believe... although marriott considers this a boutique hotel, it's no JW. but it is a great quiet, business hotel for your non-gaming stay in vegas. so last word? if you want action, stay on the strip and get action... if you want a quiet stay, renaissance is not a bad choice. 3.5 rounds up to 4 stars.
5	Really great hotel. Actually beautiful hotel. Wonderful service. CLEAN. Right near the monorail, walking distance.
4	Came here for a 2-Night Stay with my boyfriend for New Years 2012 countdown. We were lucky enough to get a room here.Very nice view and clean hotel, polite staffs and the bed was so comfy as well. They offered Aveda body lotion, shampoo, conditioner and soap - very high quality bath products!We had to walk back here from the strip after countdown since we weren't be able to get a taxi everywhere. However, it was not too bad; we used about 1.5hrs for the walk. Great stay!
4	Stayed here many times for work. Always a great stay. It is off the strip but walking distance to the monorail.  I use to use valet parking but you can self park for free.  Rooms are big and beds are very comfy.  Free in room coffee.
5	The facility adjoins the Las Vegas Convention Center making it an extremely convenient option while attending events.While it is not on the Strip, it is close enough that you can be there within minutes, or enjoy life without all the chaos.The rooms are clean spacious and well appointed. I found the restaurant and in-room dinning to be very wonderful. The staff did an excellent job throughout my stay making me feel welcomed & appreciated.Parking is convenient & free.Overall I was very happy with my stay. I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here on any future trip.
5	I really like this hotel and the rooms and the location.
4	Unique Vegas choice. Next to monorail for e-z access to strip + but away from slot noise and smoke! Nice restaurants - friendly staff.  Views are great from the rooms.  Also next to convention center.
3	The monorail being across the street is so convenient that it doesn't make much difference that this hotel isn't on the strip. (By the way, I LOVE that thing, it looks like a space ship and makes me feel like I'm on a scifi show -- except all the drunks make it feel a little less so..)There's no casino here, and it's pretty quiet. Walking through the lobby I saw men in business suits and it was a Saturday, so I'm just gonna assume this is a hot spot for people visiting for meetings or other business opportunities. The coffee shop and restaurant are pretty cool, but the overall vibe of this place was stuffy.It was a huge difference from traveling down to the strip and being surrounded by crazy drunk party people (I mean that as a compliment; have a great time in sin city, folks!) who were very lively and loud. This hotel is quiet and maybe even peaceful, except for the aforementioned stuffy atmosphere.
4	I came in for a business trip and stayed for three nights.  Since my last stay in August I noticed changes at the check in and sitting area's in the lobby. I like the newly added classic black & white pictures each floor.The staff at the entire hotel are super friendly - especially at the club level lounge.You won't find gaming here and it takes minuets to get to you room unlike the bigger hotels on the strip.
4	I am hesitant about writing a review of Renaissance Las Vegas only because I would like to keep this find to myself. My take on this little gem is this: Convenient location (next to the convention center & a very short ride to the infamous Las Vegas strip action). As of this writing, spotless clean, quiet, non smoking, non gaming. Friendly staff. I love that it is small as hotels go in Las Vegas. Easy to get around, no long walks from the lobby or parking area, unlike the large mall/  gaming hotel casinos a few blocks away. It is a little retreat from the gaudy strip. There were a couple of negative reviews regarding "thin walls" and noise, tho that was not my experience at all. Not family friendly...your kids will die of boredom here.  Not THE place to see or be seen. Boring, really. But after a busy day, a pleasant retreat. At 5am, I could  just barely hear snoring in the room next door, and the hushed flow of central air conditioning. Pretty quiet, but not silent. And not Motel Six by a long shot. The surrounding area outside the hotel feels  perhaps a bit scary. Las Vegas is one of those places which has places of opulence, surrounded by seedier places. Not unsafe exactly, just not what I am used to. During our stay, my spouse experienced a "broken nail emergency" just before we were leaving the hotel for an evening at the nearby Wynn. I found a CVS a mile down the road where I was able to buy the "tools" necessary to repair her broken nail, thus rescuing the evening. However, the CVS pharmacy located in a strip mall seemed to be a hangout for some doubtful characters (pan handlers, etc.). That has nothing to do with the Renaissance, as the CVS pharmacy was a mile from the hotel.... a separate & interesting story by itself. Hope you enjoy your uneventful & boring stay at the Renaissance as much as I enjoyed my own.
4	Great hotel, I can't wait to stay here again when I'm in Vegas.  First off, the coffee shop serves Illy coffee.  The showers are great for tall people (yes, I said shower, not a shower tub, although there was a tub too).  The bed was very comfy.
4	The Renaissance line of Marriott never disappoints. Close to the convention center, which is convenient for the business traveler. Club Lounge was spacious and well-appointed with beverages and snacks. Bonus that it's a smoke-free property and does not have a casino. Aveda products, nice towels (I appreciate a GOOD towel), comfortable bed and decent bar/lounge.  Little bummed that the pool was tiny and only got sun from 10am to 1:30pm.  The pool area was often booked after 3pm for private parties, which was annoying if you wanted to get some fresh air and check email.
4	Managed to score this place several times using Priceline and I've never been disappointed. Absolutely beautiful hotel and no casino downstairs so it's relatively quiet and you don't end up smelling like an ashtray by the time you reach your car. Every time I go to Vegas I hope to stay here though I'm not always so lucky.
4	pluses:easy access when driving in to town, don't have to fight traffic on the stripeasy access to monorail - prefer the monorail over the Deuce**SMOKE FREE**Aveda products minusesno free wifi? small pool
4	4 1/2 stars I was upgraded to a remodeled suite, the entire living room and bedroom had new carpet and furniture. The view was incredible of the Wynn towers and the golf course. I worked out a couple of mornings in the fitness center but noticed several machines were inoperable. Service at the club lounge and front desk were stellar as usual.Downstairs the bar and lounge area is now another restaurant called Grill 55. I didn't experience the place this time but it looked inviting with the new decor.I'll continue to stay here in the future - the Renaissance Hotel is quaint, has no gaming, offers solid service and the suites are comfy.
3	Poor expensive internet and club lounge was closed during my visitThe 1st sentence sums up my stay.  I paid the $12.95 for the internet or however much it was and ended up using my Verizon MiFi instead as it was 100x the speed oth expensive wifi....  While the club level was closed they did compensate me by providing breakfast in the steak house in the hotel.  I got an upgrade to a suite which was beautiful, they do a great job in the suites.  Amazing view of the Wynn, Encore, and the golf course at the Wynn.A wonderful room, a great place to stay, they just need to do something about the internet....The exercise room was nice, all the machines were working and clean.  The pool was disappointingly small and also the only place people could smoke, so it was full of people drinking and smoking wrecking any enjoyment one might have while relaxing in the pool
4	This is a great little hotel off the strip!  When you walk in, the decor and hotel is very open and light. It is modern and as hip as any of the hotels on the strip.  A big A+ for the Aveda products in the rooms and the beds. I slept better than ever in the queen size bed I slept on.  I was very happy.  Also, the rooms are clean and in tip top shape. I will be back again!
5	After staying in Vegas at a number of hotels, I just discovered this gem.  Excellent room.  Great location (right next to the Las Vegas Convention Center).   A top pick for Vegas.
4	Was looking for a room on a Saturday over a long weekend no less.  Rooms were all outrageously priced and the cheap rooms were crap.  Using Trip Adviser I found this hotel for $124 a night!  Location:Yes its off strip but on a crazy weekend like Labor Day weekend trust me you are better off (less crowded, less traffic, better parking).  It's super easy to take the back roads to get where you want.  We were going to Wynn area and its about 2 miles away.Hotel:The hotel is really nice and its a nice change since it is a no gambling hotel.  That means no noisly slots, smoke everywhere, and people milling around all the time.  Very clean, looks and smells nice, and relaxing.  Rooms are a good size with a mini fridge and we got a nice view of Wynn and Encore.  Beds are comfy and everything is pretty updated.Overall it was a great experience.  The price is right and so is everything else!
4	I booked four rooms here for co workers and myself BC we were attending a convention. I scored - room rates at $118.00 a night which were decent considering the convention center is just a short walk across the parking lot.Con  - I noticed some adjustments in the club lounge. I arrived early and to my surprise bottled water is no longer available as before and there were only a small amount of sodas in the frig. Pro -I was upgraded to a suite that included a large living room, separate bedroom, large bathroom with tub, separate large shower and another small bathroom. The beds at this  Renaissance are some of the most comfortable and even my co workers were in total agreement on that. I've already booked my next stay here for October!
4	If looking for a standard Vegas casino hotel to party at, this isn't it. But if you're looking for a quiet, clean, comfortable place and to do your partying on the Strip, this is idea. I was here for work, and was pleasantly surprised at the hotel.  It's a quiet, clean hotel with no gambling, but decent little hotel bar, a breakfast/deli/snack bar,  well-appointed rooms, and an excellent workout facility. The property is right across from the convention center, and a few blocks off the Strip. Taxis are easy enough to catch to the strip, and about $10 to the closer casinos. The pool is slightly disappointing, as it's deep in the middle of a courtyard that barely receives any sunlight, so sun time is limited to just a couple hours a day. However, the pool is open 24 hours, and there were always people down there, day and night, drinks in hand. Parking is free too.
4	4 1/2 stars. Came in for a 3 night stay and was upgraded to recently a remodeled suite. My package two cocktails daily at the new lounge and eatery - Grill 55.Enjoyed breakfast at Envy Steak house with clients and the food was stellar. Steak & eggs - yummy!  Really enjoyed the fitness center and the club lounge. One evening they served a New Orleans appetizer which included rice, chicken, shrimp, red bell peppers and andouille sausage - Delicious. Service and friendliness is the norm here, It's no wonder the Renaissance Las Vegas Hotel is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas.
1	Horrible hotel, horrible customer service.  Dirty rooms and elevators that don't work. Don't get stuck in the elevator here - and if you do, the alarm won't work, the phone won't work and they don't care.    They like to argue with customers and EVERYTHING is not their fault.
2	Just like the other reviewers stated...the walls are paper thin.  I could here my neighbors as if they were in my room.  The TV next door sounded like it was mine and the neighbors were not overly loud.The weight room is nice and open 24 hours.  The pool and hot tub are open 24 hours which is nice as well.  There are too many other options in LV, skip this hotel.
4	We decided to stay off the strip this time.  We have stayed in luxury and economy hotels on the strip previously and while they have had their good and bad points we thought we would see what it would be like to stay close but not on the strip.This place pretty much fit the bill.  It's an older property but kept up to date.  We stayed in a recently refurbished room on the 8th floor.  It had a nice view in the direction of the strip which was much appreciated.The pool was open 24 hours and heated during this November stay.  It was warm enough to get in and swim around and enjoy.  A word of caution is that it's only 3 foot deep and so I managed to scrape my feet swimming.  My long legs just don't work in that shallow of water but alas nice to be able to swim year round.  They have a hot tub as well and that is also nice.  The pool area is the only smoking area in this non smoking hotel, which could be a good or a bad thing depending who you are.  It was fine during our stay not too many smokers but I could see if the hotel was full it could be no fun to try to swim and breathe smoke.This location is home to three different eateries, a steakhouse, a small lounge and a snack shop.  This was handy if you didn't want to go out after a day out and about.  They also have room service until around midnight too.  I didn't get a chance to try this out but, nice to know.The front desk said that since I was silver elite I would receive a free drink at the bar but I didn't.  I guess I will drop them a line and let them know that.  The coffee maker was adequate but they only left you enough coffee for one cup of coffee so if there are two of you one of you has to drink decaf of forget it.  I talked to the maids on one day and got some extra coffees but they need to be a little less stingy on those one cup coffee packets.There is no wi-fi in this hotel so we ended up using our phones for internet.  They have a tv/internet combo which they want you to pay to use.  This isn't that much different than paying on the strip but most Marriotts will give you free wi-fi.  The TV feature was nice because the front desk would leave you any necessary messages on the TV when you turned it on and it was turned on to greet you when you checked in.  I think this was to kind of clue you that they could leave you messages that way.Free valet parking and/or self park.  On this stay it was pretty empty so we mostly self parked.  Everyone was pretty friendly and accommodating.  Right next to the convention center and the monorail.  Great access to the strip.I would definitely recommend to a friend and/or stay here again.
4	Tired of all the smoke, ne'er-do-wells, and complete lack of complimentary hotel stuff on the Strip?  This place is for you!  It's a non-smoking, non-gambling hotel that is off the Strip but right next to a Monorail station (Convention Center).Our room was spacious, comfortable and tasteful.  Most importantly there was an actual coffee maker in the room (gasp), yes, in Vegas!  Our TV was very nice and included lots of pay channels plus Internet access (through the iBahn keyboard).  We didn't have a microwave in the room, but we did have a nice fridge, a safe and an ironing board.The hotel has a few restaurants (which were all good), and an outdoor pool/hot tub area that we visited every morning.  The staff were all friendly and looked after us well.  My only beef was that the WiFi was not complimentary for guests, but this is Vegas after all I suppose.If you want to stay at a decent, quiet, chill hotel that is neither outrageously expensive nor bargain basement, this is a great place.  The Renaissance made it easy for us to kick back and enjoy Vegas.
5	Booked a three night stay and only paid for two nights! The gal at check in was friendly and accommodating. Being a Premier Platinum elite status member entitled me to complimentary Wifi - wired or wireless and I was upgraded to a suite which was recently remodeled with new carpet, furniture and bedding. The living room was huge and with a awesome view of the Wynn golf course and there was a separate bedroom and  1 1/4 bathrooms. The full bath had a tub and separate glass enclosed shower.The fitness center is solid for a workout and you won't get nailed for any resort fees like places on the strip. No gaming here which is what I prefer and the club lounge staff took great care of me at bfast and happy hour.With all these amenities at Renaissance Las Vegas I definitely heart this place!
4	The un-Vegas hotel in Las Vegas.  After the hub-bub at the hotels with casinos, we came back to the calm of the Renaissance.  Its classy, and relaxing.  No Casino here. Parking is easy.  Its off the strip.  So, if you want the action, this is not the place for you.  Very nice and high end.
2	Upon arrival, I had a really good impression of this place.  It was clean, it was cozy and it was private; at least that's what I thought until morning time when I found out that the walls were very thin and I could hear practically every word from our neighbors.  Even worse on my last night there, a new set of neighbors were arguing their lungs out at 7:00am waking me up bright and early and losing an hour of extra sleep.  This has to be the first Vegas hotel that I've stayed at where the walls are built this way.  I'd expect that at some run down hotel but not in Vegas.  Another small complaint I have is that the water in the shower takes at least 3 minutes to start getting warm.  This could have just been my room but was rather annoying.  It would have been worse if it never turned warm at all and would have had to take a cold shower.  Here's a quick run-down:Pros:-Clean room-Has nice extras like coffee-maker and an actual refrigerator which is a bit rare-Easy access and parking (which is probably why most people highly rate it)Cons:-Thin walls which means no privacy and more conversation than talk radio-Water in shower takes a little while to get warm but I guess that's more of an annoyance than anythingBottom Line: I can't stay here again.  The room can be gorgeous but if the walls don't provide decent privacy in terms of sounds, it's a complete failure in my opinion.  It's rather surprising they chose to built the rooms this way but I suppose 2 out 10 people may not mind.
5	Great location and good service. We had a car so it was easy to get to the Strip and dine at our favorite restaurant, Firefly Room cleanliness was up to my standards (I travel alot so I am picky). Valet were friendly and quick every time we needed to get our car. Look forward to staying again.
4	***This Marriott brand hotel (like other Marriott Brand hotels) is located near but still off The Strip; it is actually a pretty nice hotel and you can get good room rates if you do not mind driving, taking a taxi, using the monorail, or enduring one very long walk to The Strip***Renaissance is part of the Marriott brand and it is very similar to most Marriott hotels.  They both typically feature on-site restaurants and concierge levels and concierge lounges for Gold and Platinum Marriott Rewards members (though Renaissance calls them club levels and club lounges).  The one difference with Renaissance is that they typically feature a sleeker and more modern decor (both in the lobby and rooms).My room was nice.  It was comfortable and spacious.  The bed was comfortable with good and clean linen.  The cabinets / drawers all felt new and the room had a mini fridge and safe.  The room also had a big flat screen TV.  The decor was nothing too unique, but it did feel more modern than most Marriotts out there.  This one had a nice touch too with a personalized welcome screen on the TV when you enter.The bathroom was nice.  There was a bath tub and a separate shower.  Like the room, the bathroom was very spacious.  The shower worked well (so did the room temperature unit).The fitness center was good.  There were many fitness machines available including treadmills, bikes, weights, and CrossRamps.  There was also two restrooms located within the fitness center, which was convenient.  The restrooms could be locked and even came with a private shower.I did not try the restaurant, but there is a quick service cafe on-site called E-Go Cafe.  The cafe sells snacks, an assortment of coffee drinks and cold drinks.  It also serves breakfast sandwiches, pastries and yogurt parfaits for breakfast and salads and sandwiches for lunch.  I had the yogurt parfait and it was pretty good--the yogurt was tangy while the granola crumble was sweet, buttery and crunchy.  There were also good candied pistachios and berries (though the berries were a tad tart).E-Go Cafe is fairly small so lines can really build here.  This Renaissance provides a $10 per day credit for Gold and Platinum Marriott Rewards members for Saturday and Sunday morning since the Club Lounge is not open on weekends.  This is a nice touch and I have been to a few Marriotts that did not do this since it is not a required elite benefit.The Club Lounge was nice.  From Sunday night thru Thursday night, they offer a selection of cold and hot appetizers.  On my visit, cold appetizers consisted of a cheese and antipasto plate though the cheese plates at Marriott and Renaissance lounges are never that good (the cheese was simple cubed cheddar and pepper jack cheese; the antipasto was cubed salami and ham).There were also cold vegetables like celery, carrots and asparagus (with ranch and a vinaigrette for dipping).  Salty mixed nuts were available as well.  The hot item was chicken breasts in a cream sauce with white rice.  It was a substantial offering for a concierge lounge given most of the time it is just small bites.  The food did not look that good, but the chicken was surprisingly tender and not too dry (and the sauce was not that bad).Another plus was that cold Coca-Cola drinks were offered.  I think all or almost all of the Marriott lounges I have been to have offered Pepsi drinks, but this one offered Coca-Cola in the thick aluminum bottles, which kept the soft drink very cold and crisp.Their breakfast was a substantial offering too.  There was decent scrambled eggs (for a buffet)--not too dry and not runny.  There was also bacon and the bacon was very nicely cooked--crisp but not burnt and meaty and not that fatty.  Cold options like fruit and cereal were available.  Orange juice and milk were offered complimentary.The lounge was a decent size too.  There were several tables available and there was a nice living room area with a large flat screen TV.Service was good throughout my stay--consistent with the Marriott brand.Room rates are not bad.  You can find good weekend deals here, but this hotel is very far from The Strip so the location is not really ideal; ideal only if you are spending time at the convention center, which is within walking distance.  There is a monorail stop nearby.I liked this Renaissance.  Though the exterior did not look that great, I thought the lobby (comfortable with lots of power outlets) and the rooms were both nice (I liked this Renaissance more than the one I stayed at near the St. Louis airport).  Overall, it is a good hotel choice if you are spending a lot of time at the convention center or do not mind being quite far from The Strip.  It is also a nice spot for Gold and Platinum Marriott members given the good Club Lounge and the complimentary weekend breakfast.Like the Las Vegas hotels on The Strip, this Renaissance offers both free valet and self parking.
2	I was a little hesitant to book this hotel after reading some of the reviews, but since I was attending a conference at the LVCC, I decided to take a chance.I didn't notice any of the "thin wall" issues! Until last night. Apparently, I didn't have any neighbors until then. Holy crap. I've never experienced walls so thin. I could hear every word of their conversation. They weren't yelling, just talking in normal volume to each other. Their voices weren't muffled at all. It was like hearing someone talk outside an open window. Sort of distant-sounding, but clear.Other than that, the hotel is great. Staff is extremely friendly, the restaurant's food is good, and its proximity to LVCC is awesome. The monorail station is a very short walk away, and takes you to the strip for $5. The rooms are clean, there are flat-panel TVs with iBAHN internet connection (you can control your TV using the iBAHN app on your phone.) The room has a safe, fridge, and coffee maker.Internet prices were around $13/day. I'm not sure what the deal is with the walls. But it will stop me from coming here again. I got lucky this time--next time I might have neighbors for my entire stay. Definitely a deal-breaker.1 star based on the walls. The extra star is for the awesome staff.
4	Great price ($139/night) and just steps away from the convention center. This is a Marriott property, and the decor is very modern and clean. The room was spacious, with a big flat-screen TV and mini-fridge (no mini-bar). I loved the E-GO cafe off the lobby and had great flat-bread pizza in the bar. No casino, but you can easily take a taxi or monorail to the Strip. If you're headed to the convention center, this is THE closest, most convenient hotel. I didn't care for the flat, hard mattress (room 753) or the floppy pillows, and Wi-Fi was $13/day. If they correct those issues, I'd give it five stars.
3	Stayed for 3 nights and overall was happy with my stay. If you are here for a convention, I cant think of a better hotel to be at since its right next to the convention center. The good:-Parking garage isn't too far of a walk to the rooms.-Non smoking hotel, I hate coming home from Vegas with the smokey Vegas scent on all my clothes.-Rooms are clean, typical Marriott quality hotel.-Big bathrooms with separate shower and bath-Off strip so its really easy to get in and out of the hotel.The bad:-No free wifi. This is a business hotel, why they dont offer free wifi makes no sense to me.-Thin walls, I mean really thin walls. You can hear conversations from the rooms next door. I heard my neighboring rooms cell phone ring every time. Makes you wonder what they can hear from your room.If you can get a good price on a room and dont mind being off strip in a non gaming hotel then this place is perfect. Although this wouldnt be my first choice I wouldnt mind staying here again.
4	So far so good!! We just got here and the hotel is nice. The room is clean spacious with a tub and standing shower. They didn't have the double queen bed room that was requested so they made sure that we got a room with a view of the strip as well as a free drink at the bar. I asked for the free drink mostly as a joke and partially to see if they would. Ill be back.
5	I heart this hotel BC they know me on a first name basis. I was in for 3 nights and was upgraded to a suite on the 10th floor.I heart that there's no gaming and it didn't take me half an hour to get to my suite. The fitness center is well equipped with cardio machines and free weights to get a good workout in during my stay.  Upstairs the club lounge serves bfast and happy hour entrees, dessert and beverages from Sunday evening to Friday am. The quality of food for bfast is a self serve full bfast including salmon, bagels, sausage or bacon, scrambled eggs, cereals, oatmeal and a great variety of fruits.Downstairs is the Envy steak house which offers fabulous dinner and in addition they have a lounge / bar called Grill 55 which where I enjoyed a beer and watched the Masters.I'm already looking forward to my next stay here which I've already booked.
2	Took a little road trip and stayed here one night on my way home. I looked up the hotel online and the pictures were a bit misleading to the lack of grandeur it was claiming. It really is just your average Marriot hotel that has a few modifications to attempt to look "vegas-y". I was staying with family, and my mother had chosen this hotel for the price, and the non-casino aspect. I usually stay in one of the hotels on the strip, but figured I wouldn't mind too much if I sacrificed a little glitz and glam and a few blocks for only a one night stay. BOY WAS I WRONG. Not worth it, people. If you want vegas, stop being cheap and fork up a little extra cash to stay on the strip. It will be worth it. Here's a little pros and cons list to sum up why I gave only two meager stars. PROS:-friendly hospitable staff-there's a gym... Nice equipment. ( but who is going to workout on vacation.. Lets be   real.) -the lobby is nice-I think the valet was complimentary? -room was clean-my room had a nice view of the Wynn and its ridiculously green golf course (like eff  you Mother Nature, how about I waste all this water in the middle of the desert to  maintain this golf course/forest just because we can. Does anyone even golf on  there?)-the blow dryer.. Was it the lack of humidity or was this thing magic? Unexpectedly  high grade. CONS (prepare yourself, I'm detailed):-NO FREE WIFI. Sorry I'm cheap, but in this world shouldn't we have a right to free  wifi!?-had to pile three of the skimpy little pillows to get the equivalent of one normal pillow.-the pool was tiny, and there was absolutely no sun at 3 pm. What genius decided to Put the pool in the middle of a bunch of high walls?? And it was a freaking watering  hole. I immediately started googling which pools in vegas are easy to sneak into.-the pocket door in the bathroom wouldn't close all the way; there was a nice three  Inch gap between the door and the wall.-shower head seemed old and outdated-a man must have designed the sink.. Gave up and sat on the counter to do my  makeup, wasn't going to lean over the absurdly wide counter to make sure I wasn't  doing my makeup like a five year old.-outdated radio (news flash its not the nineties anymore people)-far from the strip. "It's just a couple blocks away from the strip!" Said my mom. Who  knew one block was a half mile? Don't bother taking the tram, if you can even find an  entrance to it. It's five bucks for ONE RIDE. Cheaper to take a cab assuming your not  in vegas by yourself. So glad I didn't wear heels. -I cannot stress enough how bummed I was about the wifi. I lugged my whole freakin  iPad only to discover that it's a whopping 12.95 per 24 hours. Thought my lists look about even, the wifi, the pool, and the distance hugely ruined my experience. I will not be staying here again, not worth the lower room rate.
3	I stayed here one night to attend a wedding taking place near by. The hotel itself was pretty modern and clean and so was the room so I was thinking that wow what a good deal we scored since we paid about $70 for one night. UNTIL........dun dun dun....... once I settled in, I heard a phone ringing loud which I thought was coming from the TV , but then I noticed it was coming next door when I heard the person talking!!! I could hear every bit of his conversation, not even trying to eavesdrop..CREEPY!! He wasn't even yelling or anything. He was just talking normal on the phone. OMG the walls must be super thin. In the morning, I was awaken by a baby crying as if he was crying in the same room as me. Luckily I wasn't super hung-over or I would've been super pissed. Don't get me wrong, this is a nice hotel but sorry I'm not coming back if I can't have my privacy since I can hear my neighbors clearly, then they surely can hear me.
4	My boyfriends family was in town last weekend and they stayed here. I really like this hotel although the location sucks for tourists...And the amount you will pay for cabs and transportation on top or the room; you might as well stay on the strip. But the hotel is cool inside, some nice resturants and such. The high-light is the pool...the have an amazing pool happy hour every day 3 or 4 (cannot remember) to 8pm. Buy one Get one beers and drinks off their drink list..I suggest the Summer Shandy..its amazing and refreshing..they also do $3 cevichi and $2 shrimp cocktails...They have a DJ who insists on playing some disco and classic R&B stuff which is weird but there are a lot of families there and kids which makes for a good place for families to stay. I party a lot on the strip, day and night clubs, I enjoy this place to get away from all that..just relax and get a decent deal on drinks and snacks. Also you can see the sky-line of the strip from the pool which I think is very cool. Im actually heading there right after work! Maybe I will see you there! CHEERS!
3	Stayed for a couple of nights here.  There is no casino at the hotel so if you wanted that, then you'll have to go somewhere else.The location is off the strip, but not too far.  I'd stay here again if the price was right.  Otherwise, I'd choose somewhere else because there is nothing worth coming back to at this hotel.
4	Stayed here for a couple of nights and was impressed.  The hotel is at the north end of the strip, located behind the Wynn and conveniently located next to the monorail.  I'll list the positives and negatives below.Positives:1.  FREE valet parking (a plus!!)2.  Very nice lobby/lounge/bar area3.  Clean rooms with views of the Wynn's golf course4.  Bathrooms have a separate tub and shower5.  Room has a mini fridge6.  Swimming pool (which is only 3 feet deep) is located outside in the middle of the hotel.  Best times to get sun are from 9am-3pm.  After that time, the entire pool area is shaded, which can be a relief from the heat.7.  Waitress comes out to the pool area to take food and drink orders.8.  Hotel is pretty quiet.   No casino, no smoke, no noise.9.  Bath products are provided and they are Aveda brand.  Love the mint shampoo/conditioner!10.  Nice looking steakhouse located on 1st floor.  However, I can't vouch for the food because I did not eat there.11.  Monorail is right next door.  Seriously, it is like a 2 minute walk across the convention center parking lot.  This is super convenient and so much better than trying to drive or get a taxi to/through the strip.Negatives:1.  VERY THIN WALLS!  You can hear people's conversations in the rooms next door.  2.  WiFi in the rooms is $12.95!  However, there is free WiFi in the lobby area.I would definitely stay here again next time I am in Vegas.  If you don't want to spend too much money on one of the big hotels on the strip, I'd recommend the Renaissance.
4	Very nice hotel just off the strip by the Convention center. Clean, modern, and smoke-free makes this place a nice break from the hotels on the strip. The pool is nice, the restaurants are good, and the staff is friendly. The catering manager, Michael, is OUTSTANDING. Our rooms were just the right size. Beds were comfy and because of our Marriott status, we enjoyed ice cream AND beer as our welcome treat. Gotta love it! :) Looking forward to coming back!
5	Came in for 3 nights. I was upgraded to a suite on the 11th floor overlooking the Wynn Golf course - Awesome views.The hotel has  new management and a new food manager. The customers service has always been solid in the past but they staff has really stepped up their game. Even the food in the club lounge has really gone upscale in the evenings. I've experienced many Marriott's family hotels and this location has some of the best tasting food for a club lounge. Medallions of beef, shrimp lettuce wraps,  shrimp poke on shredded lettuce, lobster mac & cheese, tilapia with capers and lemon sauce were some of the food offered for three evenings. The desserts were also impressive over baked cookies - one evening they had flan and another evening yummy warm bread pudding. In the morning the club lounge installed a pancake machine to where I just pushed a button and within seconds two pancakes popped onto my plate. Overall I was impressed more so then previous stays and I'm looking forward to returning.
4	Didn't stay here but was here for an event in their lobby, and it definitely had a weird vibe... for Vegas.  That is, there wasn't any gaming.  This is probably a great hotel if you come to Vegas for a trade show and are a boring person who doesn't enjoy all Vegas has to offer.
3	Check in is at 3pm. I got there at 3:15, room is not available but will call me when it's ready. My family waited an hour in the lobby. Never called me. When I went up to the front desk to check, they told me it was ready. Poor customer service. The room we got (Rm 940), shower leaks into the toilet so beware! Overall $105 per night, I did not get what I paid for.
5	Need to go to Vegas and want to stay away from hotel casinos? Yeah, I know, doesn't make sense right... Well, we went to Vegas for a Solavei Regional (more info: http://www.solavei.com/glennmagas) and we really didn't want to get caught up in gambling rooms and the casino for our weekend stay. And we got lucky!The Renaissance in Las Vegas was PERFECT. Quiet, off the strip, easy access to get to the strip (we had to go to The Paris Hotel) via cab ride... The bar is comfortable, the pool is quiet, the coffee shop is perfect for a morning cup... Excellent value for a short business trip or romantic weekend.We will definitely book a room here again for sure.
3	Hotel was nice and clean.Off the strip (don't try to walk to the strip from here) Catch a cab because it's not a short walk. Specially at night.No gambling, no cigarettes location  No free wi-fi ($13/ a night)I found a hair on my pillow.Parking structure: Could use a ENTRANCE SIGN, a little cramped (be careful leaving and coming in to avoid accidents) Staff seemed very disorganized. (NOT VERY HELPFUL)The pool area was nice but I swear the pictures online make it seem way bigger than what it really is. The pool itself is 3 ft and it doesn't seem to get a lot of sun from where it is. (weird)JACUZZI: Not hot enough, more warm not hot and it smelled STRONGLY of chlorine.Sink was draining very slowly.They advertise bathrobes on all rooms. This isn't true.UPS store inside
2	I stayed here on a family road trip to visit some relatives in Las Vegas. A convenient location off the Strip, this place is very much appreciated from being adjacent to the Las Vegas Convention Center.My family and I had a late check in. The overnight agent was cordial and patient with checking myself in. He asked my preferences and did his best to accommodate. My family had forgotton some bags in the rental car and we asked the front desk agent to radio the Valet for the rest of our bags so we may change faster before an appointment in the morning. He radioed in front of us and the Valter/Bellman on the other side said, "you're kidding me! I just brought all the bags up and parked the car!" The front desk agent looked embarrassed so he stepped away to talk to the Valet/Bellman. Momentarily, the Valet/Bellman appeared and repeated to the Front Desk agent, not even acknowledging us, that he couldn't believe we needed the rest of our bags. My sister stated, "yes please." He looked at us both frowning and upset and saying, "I asked you if you had all the bags and you said yes," confronting my little sister. She stated it was very early in the morning and she forgot two in the front seat. He gave a loud sigh and went back out. Please note, the parking garage is only steps away. We described to him the two bags up front to have delivered to the room. When he came up to the room, he had brought the wrong bags, but being in a bad mood and apparantly showing us, we decided to get the rest of the bags in the morning...The layout is easy enough. Very easy to get around... Inside there is a Cafe behind the Front Desk that serves Illy Coffee, major plus because that is my favorite coffee brand. But the cashier/barista was short staff. There was a line of 5 and she was by herself... hopefully, I'd like to assume they are not staffed like that all the time and I just happened to be there on another ones break. But no relief? The room was okay. A typical room, but I'd expect more from a Renaissance brand. Also, the therapeutic bed did not fit the bed board. So when my sisters and I would talk on each others bed, we could feel the mattress slide underneath us, to fit the bed board. The walls are thin. We could hear the next room coughing...The morning Valet were all cheerful! Tangerines during check in were a nice touch. The furniture may be too tacky modern for my taste. The television screens are good, but when my mother in the second room tried to hook up the internet connection from her laptop to her television in the room, it would not read. The pool area looked a little tired.  A little disappointing....When my family came back from the last night out they found a COCKROACH ON THE FLOOR IN THE HALL OF THE LOBBY! Now, I used to live in Vegas for a few, during the boom of the real estate... & I remember the houses of my and my neighbors' have to get rid of the desert bugs. But a cockroach in a hotel is a nightmare!!!!When they told me this in the morning, we talked to the Manager on Duty. She deeply apologized. I had to correct the folio, my mother had talked to someone that night to take off the bill because it wasn't working and this was not done. I'd only come back here unfortunately, just for the coffee :( It was not my forte :(
3	This hotel was just OK,check in was some what fast lets just say it was OK,the front desk staff were friendly,there is a restaurant /bar on one side and a delicatessen on the other end, the pool (which is small) and a sitting area, lounge, wifi area (table) not free! and UPS store is all in between,there is a exercise room on the 2nd.floor,the carpet in the elevator was stained and the carpet in the halls and room were stains all needed to be steam clean,now the bed was very comfortable with 4 feather pillows and 4 reg.pillows,the towels were signature and heavy one too the good ones,now if you are a new guest to a room everything should be new or clean it should be......the toilet tissue paper was 1/2 used could you be lived that.The very best thing about staying here was that you could always get to park your car by the elevator it was never crowded.......no casino.
2	If you want a decent Renaissance, then this will work.  I'm a Platinum member (OK , no jokes...) so I stay at a few Marriott hotels over the years.  I chose to focus upon Marriott because I personally believe they offer consistent quality, offer a range of options (from boutique hotels to Residence Inns to full service Marriott hotels) and for their service.  Well...this hotel's service broke down...It's a good place to stay, don't get me wrong.  And the front desk was great.  They tried to give me an upgrade.  But instead their management denied it.  So I got a little miffed and emailed the Platinum line.  They proceeded to get me the upgrade the next day (nice service, huh...), but I was out all day and didn't see the point in moving my stuff.  Then I get this 'wine and fruit' plate for my inconvenience...OK, so I've whined enough and you're thinking "c'mon...why are you complaining'....I'll tell you why...because I trust Marriott to live up to their commitments.  I spend a lot (yes , a lot) of money yearly to stay at their hotels.  And I expect their staff to be honest with me.  Over my last 4 trips, I received no "perks".  This one, I had a "perk" or upgrade...but this Renaissance didn't offer it to me (the clerk at check-in let me know it was available and then it was denied).  As  Platinum member, Marriott offers this "perk", but it seems like it's at the hotels discretion...well to heck with them.  I don't need to stay here and if they are going to "lie to me" then why wouldn't they "lie to you".  I'm supposed to be one of their best customers (according to being a Platinum member)...guess I'm just fooling myself...Stay here and you get a good room (as long as you don't mind the smell of Raid...which my friend reported in his room and then shortly after moved to another) and an OK location for a decent price.Good luck!
1	Nice room. Huge customer service fail. Refused to award our marriott reward points for a stay because we booked our room in combination with our flight. We do this all the time and have never been refused our points, anywhere, ever. They also refused to upgrade my room despite the fact that we are gold members. Should have spent the extra $20 a night to stay at grand chateau. I intended to extend my stay here for 2 weeks but after this mess, I called the grand chateau and they allowed me to book online through my airline and gave me credit for my stay there plus they contacted marriott rewards on my behalf and had the credit for this hell hole applied to my account. Thanks Andrew ("supervisor") for getting me such a great hookup at a Marriott that is twice as nice as yours.
5	This is a nice clean hotel up to Marriott standards. What I liked most is the warm hospitality. The manager Margie checked me in and she gave me a great room with a nice view of Wynn's exclusive  golf course. The hotel features Aveda soap- a seemingly minor deal- but a big deal to me. The restaurant is a high end steak house and my meal was perfect. The atmosphere was rich and pleasing. Service was above what I have experienced at hotel restaurants. I would stay here again for those nights when you want to save a little money/resort fees and you have had your full of the strip.
4	Stayed at property, over a weekend, in early Oct '13Lobby : nice appearance, modern appointments, clean : 4 starFitness room : good collection of relatively modern equipment, some in need of repair, clean - 3 starsPool : nice, but small pool area. only 2 hours of direct sunlight in mid-Oct : 3 starsRestaurant : not used, prices were expensive for what was being offered : n/aRoom : bed was comfortable. chair was clean and comfortable. furniture was in a good state. bathroom looked as if it had been recently remodeled. both bedroom and bathroom were clean : 4 starsValue : relatively inexpensive compared to other non-gaming properties, very inexpensive compared to gaming properties on the strip : 5 starsTake away :If you are looking for a smaller hotel, especially in comparison to the mega gaming properties on the strip, this is an excellent option to consider for you Vegas lodging needs. Free self-parking, accessible via in-hotel elevator, is very easy to get to and from, a benefit for those with their own vehicle.  I would stay here again.
5	We checked on Valentines day. 2-14-2014. I love this hotel. The people who worked at this hotel were so nice. I stay all the time in Las Vegas, and get crappy service at other hotels. The workers here bent over backwards to make my valentine day very special. I got great help from the overnight lady at the desk. She helped me print out and fax a very important business document. I love the room. it is very close to everything. I really love this hotel.
5	No, it's not Bellagio 5 Stars, but for it's category and price point, this trendy, hip, modern, well-appointed non-strip hotel definitely earns its stars! Sometimes it's the big...and little things: Aveda products in the rooms, coffee-maker in room, separate tub & shower in the huge bathroom (and ladies they even have a shaving step ledge for us in the shower!), small refrigerator, great views, comfy beds...and the fact that this is a Non-gaming, non-smoking hotel that is easily accessible to everything scores major points with us! We've been here 5 days and have loved every minute of it. The staff are incredibly nice and accommodating,The fitness center is fantastic (apples and spa water stocked and available!), the pool area is gorgeous and we've used it & jacuzzi every day we've been here! There is smoking allowed at pool, and I have a daughter and we had friends with kidsVisit us poolside and it wasn't an issue at all. The restaurants are pretty good, but I will say pretty pricey. There are great selections of options, but be prepared for things like a $17 breakfast burrito :/  *Tip: there are plenty of nearby restaurants that offer delivery which we utilized often, even while at the pool. We didnt rent a car this trip and it turned out to be just fine getting around with cabs and lifts from friends , and it's really close to the monorail for easy access to The Strip. It's so close to the Convention Center I wouldn't stay anywhere else if I were here for one. This hotel experience has made our trip what it was! We will definitely be back!!
5	Im not sure what people are thing about with the thin walls. We stayed went when we went to Vegas to get married and stayed here during our honeymoon for four days. It is clean,quiet and we didn't hear anything except the occasional noise in the hallway.  We loved it here because it's not a casino hotel, just a very nice place to lay your head at night. Also it is 1 block away from the LV Monorail system!! We paid $56 and got a 3 day pass which is the BEST way to get around. It will take you right to the strip so you can cut out the taxis!! Loved the hotel and would totally stay here again!!
1	Decent hotel, free parking is nice. However, in this day and age it has become ridiculous to charge for internet access, regardless of industry standards. Do you charge for TV?
4	You get a lot of hotel for what you pay for at the Renaissance. It is convenient walking distance to the convention center and the monorail, and is a non-gaming, non-smoking, and thus fairly quiet hotel.Staff are all friendly and courteous, and the hotel itself has plenty of accommodations to make up (kind of) for the lack of casino. Pool, bar, cafe, exercise room, etc. Housekeeping also leaves bottled water in the room refrigerators, which is always nice. Rooms are comfy and pretty spacious, with a large desk for work, and nice clean bathrooms. The decor is a nice mix of classy and modern.There are a few food options within the hotel as well - Grill 55 is a good choice for all-around, casual food, although it can be a little expensive sometimes. Envy Steakhouse is below average, and extremely overpriced. E-Go Cafe is a quick option if you're in a hurry. If you have status with Marriott, you can get access to a lounge that serves breakfast, hors douvres around dinner time, and dessert in the evening,If you are planning to go to this hotel, it is within VERY close driving distance from LAS airport. If you happen to cab and the driver asks if you want to take freeway or local, he is trying to trap you. Tell him to take local and your fare should be reasonable. It actually takes longer to get there by freeway and you could end up paying almost 40 bucks when you could pay half that going local.The one thing I dislike about this hotel is that if you rent a car or drive yourself, it costs $15 to valet. In Las Vegas virtually every hotel valets for free and Renaissance used to be the same, but recently they changed that which is kind of a pain. Otherwise though, I have no complaints!
4	Clean! Clean! Clean! I didn't have any expectation of our stay here but I was very impressed. And to think that it was only $59.00/night! I can't complain. My friend did the reservation months before. Our room had a good view and super clean, dust-free flawless! I can tell if I suffered from allergic reaction.
1	Short Version: I got robbed and had no sleep for three nights in a row!long Version:  Finish reading my experience before you start judging me... I'm not a whiner and I've stayed in shitty hotels around the Globe, so when I say something sucks.. it usually does!This is the first allegedly four star hotel that was too loud to sleep in! Paper thin walls that let you hear your neighbors moving and talking normally, the TVs are located at the wall, so you hear everything your neighbor is watching. Next problem is that the windows are too thin, turning your great strip view window into a loud problem, especially during the rush hours and at night on a weekend.Terrible experience! I couldn't sleep until 4 and then I woke up at 6 due to heavy traffic on the Paradise drive. Did I mention the thieving Housekeeping? I came back after housekeeping had cleaned my room and found that whoever cleaned my place had stolen a bag with "stuff". Now I was on a road trip before staying here, so I had tons of stuff like Instant Coffee, Oatmeal, Cutlery, Cups, some gifts (A great bottle of wine I received as a Gift from a northern Cali Vineyard for example) etc... all in all around 200 bucks or more in random stuff. And the best part? They thought it was junk and TRASHED it! seriously? After mentioning this to the lobby, I received a "Oh we're so sorry" and that's that.. During the checkout, I mentioned that I was very unhappy with my experience, having stayed here for three consecutive nights and not getting a lot of shuteye and being robbed by housekeeping definitely sucks in my book. They instantly went and fetched the manager, who listened to my story and offered me a bland "oh we've never had that complaint before" and "well, we're sorry for your experience" plus a handshake.. that's all! ...Seriously? This Hotel is supposed to be a great FOUR STAR Mariott Hotel, off the main strip catering to Business people... Most two star Motels leave me with a better experience and cost me a third of this place.. Definitely not coming back!They really need to work on their mentality.. I'm sure as hell not sending anybody I know or work with here ever again!
4	I was in Vegas on business, and usually stay on the strip. This time I opted for off the strip...and will happily repeat. I am not into the Strip's crowds and am happy to have a beautiful hotel and room without a casino below. For those interested in getting to the strip, the tram stop to the MGM, etc is right next door. ...and the room was awesome!
4	Things I look for in hotels are simple...convenience, clean and affordable.  The Renassiance offers just that. Most hotels in Las Vegas has a resort fee, Renaissance does not. It's located right next to the monorail which is extremely convenient. The hotel offers free parking. And most importantly clean rooms! Also excellent customer service. We had booked two rooms with double beds on Expedia and when we got there they offered us to upgrade one of the rooms for free to king size bed, which is normally a little more expensive. A very nice gesture on the hotels part. I would definitely stay there again.
2	My boyfriend and I came here at the end of March to use my 1-free-night, compliments of my Marriott Rewards credit card. We chose this location over the Las Vegas Marriott because of the shower and bath options in the room (vs a shower/bathtub combo) and the 24-hour non-"party" pool. The location is a few minutes from The Strip, but there's a station for the monorail that goes to The Strip for $5 each way or $12 for an all-day pass. I guess my first complaint was that I noticed there was only one receptionist available to accommodate a line of guests checking in or out, so we waited longer than expected.The pool that we were looking forward to is actually outdoor and located on the ground level, in view of the reception area. This wouldn't have been as big of a disappointment if it weren't for the fact that the pool is about 17' long with a depth of... drum roll please... 3' - 3' 6". Seriously??? Well, we couldn't complain because it was a complimentary stay, so we checked in, walked around The Strip, and waited until about 7p to take a dive, excuse me, dip. Well, it looks like the pool area was closed (despite the 24-hour appeal) for a few hours because there was a business event that had been reserved in the pool area. Now again, this would've been less disappointing if the people were actually USING the pool, but since it was a business event, people were in their business (NOT bathing) suits. Even after the event was over, the pool area was still closed for "clean up." Our room was in full view of the pool area and there was NO ONE cleaning the area up. With no other option, we acquiesced and finally jumped in at around 10p only to find out that it was now way too windy and cold to stay for very long in such a shallow pool. I was hoping to take a dip in the morning before we left, but there were such high gusting winds that it would've been just as unbearable to sit through.The room itself was pretty standard, nothing too impressive or big. The sheets and blankets, however, were incredibly coarse and difficult to get comfortable between - it honestly felt like the surface texture of cardboard. The shower was leaking water out of one of the clear walls - it wasn't even leaking from the gap in the door, what the heck? We survived without internet because we did not want to pay the ridiculous cost for the WiFi. The staff came promptly with my requests for extra soaps and shampoo. Be warned: there is no fridge - not even a mini fridge. You may ask the front desk to reserve one of the few they have available, but they are typically rented out very fast. Although our room was tidy, I was appalled by the fact that we saw an empty bag of chips in the elevator lobby of our floor and a box of empty beer bottles that was down the hall from us, which was left out for housekeeping, both of which had been left there throughout our stay. I know that the housekeeper saw it, and yet they did not clean it up. WOW, what kind of "four star" hotel overlooks something like that?We went downstairs in the morning for our complimentary continental breakfast. We expected it to be a buffet table of muffins, orange juice, and croissants that we could just enjoy in our room, so we went downstairs barefoot and in our pajamas. We discovered that the continental breakfast was being served at their restaurant, Envy, along with their a-la-carte and entree menus. We were seated in our sleep gear and individually served our meal, which featured two danishes, a croissant, a small assortment of fruit (about 4 grapes, a slice of cantaloupe, and a slice of honeydew), a fruit parfait (which was actually pretty good), with a tea or coffee. The shocking price tag on this continental breakfast was $16 - incredible! Who pays $16 for a continental breakfast?! It was also amusing because the waiter asked if we would like to have coffee, to which we declined and they served it to us anyway. Additionally, I had to ask for my tea three times before I finally got it... at the end of my meal, so it was too hot to enjoy, save for a few timid sips. The hostess and waiter made it clear to me that the continental breakfast is complimentary if I'm staying at the hotel, yet the receptionist tried to charge me for it before I left. He had to ask his manager before clearing the charge. Don't they know that their website indicates that there's complimentary continental breakfast with the room??Boy, oh boy, am I glad we didn't pay for our stay here because I would've been appalled if I'd paid upwards of $100 for an experience like this: no fridge, a leaky shower, a "24/7" pool that only goes 3' 6", trash that litters the floors, and staff members who try to trick you into paying for your complementary continental breakfast. I'm giving two stars because the staff was friendly, the room itself was clean, and the food was good (albeit scarce). I am never staying here again - "complimentary night" or not.
4	I don't really care about fancy smancy hotels on the strip. I could care less about getting suites and all of that since i don't ever spend much of my time in the hotel room so why pay more? This hotel is off the strip, about $10 cab fee ride and we can see behind encore and wynn.  This hotel looks like its meant for those on business trips, and those who go to vegas for conventions.  So it's interior is actually clean and presentable to give a "hmm not bad" impression for the affordable price I pay for one saturday night ($100).  I have not yet experienced bad customer service whenever I call about early check ins, one star off for that since check in is at 3pm and I usually want to arrive earlier than that, but most of the time I can call in and whatever room they have available the time Im arriving they will hold off for me until i arrive. No complaints on the rooms.  Great place to stay when it comes to last minute endeavors to Vegas!!
3	Great stay until the morning we ordered room service. I cannot have gluten at all, and ordered the gluten free blueberry pancakes. Our orders arrived and I tucked in, got about 1/3 of the way in and realized a) there were no blueberries and b) I was getting really nauseous.A call to room service revealed they sent up buttermilk pancakes. I should've double checked my order, so I'm just warning anyone who MUST be gluten free - Circle your choice too on the card, and inspect your good before eating!
1	I have been waiting since Mon. For accounting to return my phone call it is Thurs. Even escalated it to a manager he still hasn't returned my phone calls! I don't think this is a corporate renaissance!!  Feels like a franchise!  But I need someone to take ownership of this Marriott rewards issue!  Not the first time I have stayed here & always have a billing issue!!!! Never fails!!! **BEWARE****The front desk personnel don't know correct information about their rewards program! Glad I am writing this so I'll remember why this will be the last hotel I choose to stay at when in Vegas.
2	Nice room clean the showers and restroom were good too But I can here people talking to each other's next door room I woke up middle of the night from that then the day after was the same thing but worst it was coming from both rooms next to me I'm not sure what the walls are made up but it's so thin that I can here people talking to each other's the were not even loud talking I don't think I go back to that hotel again The pool was nice but very small way way small the sun not reaching to the pool
5	Got a bottom dollar deal on this hotel and wasn't expecting much. It turned out be a very clean, enjoyable hotel! The staff was extremely kind. The rooms were spacious and modern. The pool area was clean and relaxing. The only downside is that it's a long walk to the strip...but cabs were like $7-10 which isn't bad. Overall if you're not planning on spending a lot of time in your hotel or don't need an over-the-top Vegas resort, then this is a great, inexpensive pick.
4	Happily surprised with the value to cost of this hotel. All staff is very friendly and helpful . Not on the strip but for the value worth the couple minutes drive. Good restaurants on site.
4	Check-in was no wait and took five minutes tops. Room was super clan. It was quiet, didnt have chance to hear paper thin walls and neighbors. Small cool pool, likes the atmosphere. Close to the monorail. I recommend this place if you dont want right on strip!
5	What an great hotel.  Friendly valets, exceptional front desk staff, awesome bartenders, and above and beyond management service.  I WILL be back again, hopefully this time for pleasure rather than business!
5	The best Las Vegas hotel I've ever stayed in. No casino or slot machines. No cigarette smoke. Just a stylish and modern environment conveniently located next to the Las Vegas Convention Center.
4	Breakfast service at Envy was excellent. Adela and Cristopher were waiting on us and they were both friendly, accomodating, non-intrusive, and made it a great way to start the day. This was a stand out during our trip to Vegas, not only because of the poor service at other restaurants but because this was better than average. The hotel will soon need an update. Being off the strip, the hotel has its advantages such as having a quieter area at night. The Convention Center is also right next door, as well as a tram station. The downside is that the "excitement" isn't just a walk across the street.
4	I stayed here with my husband for two nights. Overall, we had a wonderful experience. The room was very nice and clean, the parking and valet is free, and quite accessible. The grill had great food and our server Natalia was very friendly and knowledgable about the Vegas top shows.  The one thing that I did not like was the fact that the poolside server automatically charged us 20%+ for two drinks that tasted like smoothies.  At least if you are going to charge me more than 20% have the courtesy of telling me in advance for me to decide if I want to proceed it not!!! To me that's called stealing! Other than that, very happy with the hotel and service! The front desk people were very, very wonderful!!!
2	Air conditioning doesn't make it cold, there are vague stains on the comforter, and the guy next door coughing is keeping me awake. What a hell hole for sleep. Who cares if the Club Lounge food is ample if you're exhausted. Not good for business.
5	This is the first time I stayed off strip and I have to say since I don't really gamble and watch vegas shows(pretty much seen them all). this is the perfect hotel for me, no smell of smoke, no slot machines noises, I can just valet my car and be in my room within 3 minutes. Super nice and clean room, great staff from check in, to room cleaning to valet. I think I will always stay here from now on. Location is easy to find with no traffic, with access to highway in less than 5 min. also close to the airport.
1	There are much better places to stay in the Marriott family. Skip this place.Dirty towels, pool under renovation (which no one told us about ahead of time), lots of broken down things in the room, inconsistent stories from the managers (Grace & Saul - have they even had any sort of training??).  There's absolutely no level of security either. No card scan to operate elevator - seemingly anyone could walk in off the street and have access to all floors. Renaissance Hotels come with the reputation of a  certain level of service, and this place is a miss on all levels. There are so many better options within a short walking distance of the convention center. Save yourself the hassle and stay there.
4	I stayed here for a few days for a conference. I'm not the sort of person who says, "Yippee, I get to go to Vegas." Vegas, in fact, gets on my nerves. I don't gamble, and I hate it that the entire city seems to be conspiring to get me lost in a casino. This hotel is one of the few in Vegas without a casino, so for me, it was perfect: Nice and calm. Plus, the people who work there are just about as sweet as they come, particularly the staff at the bar, where I had a number of pleasant, satisfying meals that were reasonably priced, given the context of Vegas. I'm thinking never will be too soon for me to return to this city, but if I ever do, I will return to this hotel, which made the whole business a lot more tolerable than it could have been. (I'm giving it only four stars, because I save five stars for truly extraordinary experiences, and, at the end of the day, it's an ordinary hotel that happens to be located in a really disturbingly weird place.)
1	The hotel looks nice and clean.  I was here for a convention and booked here for convenient.  This is a horrible place.  Management is inconsistent like some of the yelpers had commented.  Somethings were taken from the room and management was suppose to call us back. The call back was delayed the first day.  Then it was passed on to security.  Security never called us back as promise.  We finally called them at 8 and they told us we were suppose to call them.  Okay that was never exchanged during the conversation that we had to call them.  They told us the item taken was never found and that we need to write a claim.   I feel like im getting the run around and not very good service if this is how the hotel works.  They could have taken earlier action because house keeping took the item one to two  hours before we made the complaint.
3	Very pleased with the calibre of accommodations at this Marriott property. The front desk staff and reservations manager (thanks Jackie!) took good care of our flight-crew as we passed through the area. Attractions are readily available within walking distance and the monorail has a stop at the very lobby. All things considered, a very nice stay with complimentary on-site / valet parking.
1	The hotel is decent.  Rooms are nice and tidy.  Though the customer service was bad after I complained that a few items was missing in my room after house keeping was in there.  I had to call a few times to get any answer.  No resolution was done after I checked out 3 days later.  Big disappointment and will not come back or recommend to anyone.
1	On the weekend of the 4th of July I stayed at this hotel and the day I was going home accidentally drop the keys from my car into a gap in the elevator,  I was told by the staff that I have to pay $1500 to get it out or wait two weeks because the engineer's were gonna inspect the elevator in two weeks,  we decided to wait. The staff said they were gonna mail the keys  and througt this date 8/19/2014 we haven't received anything.  We called several times and nobody knows about the incident.  Anybody could have an accident like this and you expect that customer service. I  don't live in vegas, I had a key made just so I can get home with my kids and friends.... Dear hotel all I want at this moment are my keys. ..  is it  hard to accomplish the help to a customer that spent two days at your hotel? Bad bad customer service. ... disappointed for the attitude we get every time we try to contact the hotel and now we need to get a lawyer so we can get help!
1	Hotel key stopped working three times and had a hard time getting in without my boyfriend whose name the hotel was booked under. He had to call but they weren't picking up the phone. I understand their need for security but it's ridiculous when the key stopped working once a day! !
5	Outstanding service provided by David at the front desk, got a room with a great view on the 8th floor. Will definitely stay here again. Next time I'll like to try Envy steakhouse.
5	This hotel is VERY clean and quiet. I do NOT know why people are complaining about the staff, very nice people who are very willing to help me and my wife. I had the pleasure of dealing with David during check in and he was very nice in helping me get the room i wanted: a suite. I tipped him to begin with and he did all he could to get me a very nice deluxe suite... With NO one else on the floor. I had a room on the fourth floor, very nice. David was even kind and truthful enough to tell me "you didn't have to tip me" but trust me for the room he hooked me up with and the level of service he portrayed, why wouldn't i? Vegas is a city that runs on tips and if you play your cards right, at any hotel, they try to accommodate you the best they canI came here with my wife on Labor Day weekend, and check in and out was a breeze. It's not too far from the strip at all. Don't be put off by the fact there is no casino and it being off strip. It's actually really nice to be able to get up to your room quickly and quietly and sleep without any disturbances. Truly, I would come back to this hotel as it's very clean and the staff is friendly. Good job guys!
5	Beautiful hotel! There are random events that take place in the lobby, which I didn't really partake in, but to each their own. The decor is tasteful and modern in the public areas, hallways, and rooms. The customer service was excellent, but I think that about all Marriot's so nothing new for me there....keep up the excellent work! Anything they don't have readily available in the room, they can bring you. Once I needed a bottle opener, this time I forgot toothpaste and q-tips.  Things were brought in a timely fashion and with a friendly smile!Cool things about this hotel....-Yes, it's kinda far from the strip, but for $5 you get a 24hr pass to the shuttle that goes all the way to the other side of the strip (stops at MGM, I think) and one leaves every minutes. -pool is open 24hrs, it is outdoors, but it's Vegas so most of the time it's still warm enough to swim or at least cool enough to cool your feet off and hang out after a night of dancing and walking the strip. -valet available, but there was also plenty of parking
3	Average Renaissance. Distance to strip is not that great, so stay here for work, not to enjoy Vegas. Pros- good food (Bar has a great steak sandwich), friendly staff. Cons- Maintenance Issues (jammed door, no hot water in sink), and concierge lounge super crowded.
4	Pretty nice place off the strip, next to monorail. Good service, buy two nights get third free is a good deal!
4	Great hotel, nice decor in lobby and rooms, very contemporary colors and furniture. Rooms are nice, clean and awesome hard bed. Great amenities such as gym, jacuzzi, pool and parking.  Staff is friendly and accommodating and will make your stay so fun and easy
5	Nothing I could complain about - clean, quiet, professional, and quick/easy access to the Strip.The lady and I wanted to go to Vegas, but were really turned off by all the high prices of on the Strip hotels. We decided to go with Renaissance because of the reviews I'd seen here on Yelp [especially that of Anthony N, who I've always thought to be highly critical - if he says something's good, it is legitimately good]. We were extremely happy with our choice. It was nice and cool the moment we walked in from the parking structure. The front desk was really welcoming and kind. They had ice-chilled cucumber and lemon water available, which was extremely refreshing, especially in the Vegas heat. We went into our room and were greeted by a very large restroom, very clean and nice sheets on a King bed, and a spacious room. We were extremely happy with our choice. There were some dining options at the hotel, but we chose to go to the Strip for all things dining. There was also a fitness center that had a good selection of cardio machines, some weight machines, and a good set of dumbbells. We both had the intention of working out in between meals, but ... that never happened - haha!There's also a nice, swanky layout for the pool and a lounging area around the pool that was very appealing, but alas, we forewent going to the pool as well.We're definitely going to continue referring to Renaissance off the Strip as a go to for an alternative whenever we come visit the Strip.
5	A great hotel located right next to convention center, which I attend twice a year! Once, they run out of rooms and upgrade us to Presidential suit! What a treat for me and my coworkers! We just had a party that night with super great view of Las Vegas! Thanks!!
5	Went to vegas same weekend of the Life is beautiful music festival so the rooms elsewhere on the strip were more expensive than usual! Since the purpose of the trip was to meet family and we only needed a place to sleep, I took a chance on hotwire 4 stars for $80 and got this! (I normally do 5 stars on hotwire for vegas since the 4 star range varies)What a great surprise since this hotel was very clean, comfy and convenient. We had a car and have been to vegas a million times so it wasn't hard to get around. Actually the road it's on leads towards the Wynn and very close to center of strip. They also have a monorail close by. We loved how quick it was to get from the parking lot to our room with no fuss. Nice to be away from the craziness and smoke. Nice lobby with free water. Starbucks and a ups store in case you need. I'd rather stay here than Excalibur/NYNY/South pointe/ Monte Carlo/Treasure Island. because the rooms are cleaner.
5	Exceptional!!!! 5 stars all the way around. This is an amazing hidden gem off the strip. Wonderful staff, comfortable rooms and quiet. I recommend this hotel highly!!Thank you guys!!
4	Stayed here on business late last year and my company will be using the same hotel in a few a month or so which reminded me to write a review.As others have mentioned, this is an excellent hotel for buiness. It's very close to the Convention Center and it's got easy access to main roads if you need to get around town quickly like I do when I'm there on business.The lobby, bar, elevators and rooms were all excellent. The only reason I wouldn't rate it 4 stars is because the location does not lend itself well to anything other than business in town.
4	Marriott brand hotel located near the convention center/monorail.  Just a few minutes from strip. Hip hotel, no casino, business traveler friendly.Valet/parking garage style parking.Rooms - #1520: chic updated decor. iHome alarm/charger for iPhone users, lots of outlets. Wifi is about $13 unless you are a Marriott status holder. Coffee pot, separate tub and walk in shower, Aveda products. Great view.Dining: cafe serves Starbucks products, Envy Steakhouse serves breakfast buffet for about $18pp, and dinner runs about $50-100pp.  Lounge: stayed on the 15th floor and had free access to lounge where to servings are complimentary: soda, bottled water, coffee breakfast (breads, fruit, yogurt, eggs, meat) hor d'ouevres around 5:30 which at the time included chicken Alfredo, chicken skewers, cheese and crackers, veggies and alcohol which is charged. Dessert around 8pm - cookies and brownies.Nice lobby and friendly staff
4	I stayed here 3 night with my husband for the x-mas.The front staff who help check in or check out was very nice n helpful.Room was not huge but its enough for us.Especially i love the restroom but one bad thing was that there wasnt fan for fresh air.There was a refrigerator in room but its not cold enough.House keeper didnt understand english but its not a problem.We didnt knw that There was $50 deposit when we check in.It was good that Pool was 24hours but I couldn't use it coz the weather was too cold outside.Everyday Bottle water was free.Coffee pot was free as well.Sofa in the room was just one.It was supposed to be two at least.Most things I was satisfied renaissance hotel.
5	Wonderful staff!!!! Thank you Justin for the friendly service! Check-in/out was super fast and hassle-free. They upgraded us to a room with the view without even asking! Hotel room was quite roomy, comfy, and clean. The room had cable and not the standard boring vegas channels we all get on the strip. This hotel does not have a casino and so the air in the hotel is soooooooo much better. Pool/gym is 24 hours!! very clean!!! My family went out to the pool and people were staring at us like we're crazy since its so cold out. The pool/jacuzzi  was heated guys!!! it was so relaxing.  The monorail is right across the lobby and it was very convenient to take. Make sure you know which way (north or south) you're going. It is $5 for a single ride and $12 for 24hrs. not bad at all. I was definitely and completely satisfied. Book it now!!
3	Stayed one night. First room smelled like smoke even though it is a non-smoking hotel. They kindly changed my room. The hotel is nice, no casino. Everything looks new. Very convenient to convention center and monorail. Two cons: walls between rooms are thing (I could hear my neighbors' conversations and snoring) and it took forever to get a cab. I would stay here again. Great staff.
3	With all the Marriott properties in the immediate area I would say this may be the oldest and it shows The staff was great but its time for a refresh. might be the ONLY hotel in the are without free wifi as well. paper thin walls. 2 of the 6 of our group had issues that required security to get involved with noise complaints.
