3	When I do get a haircut (which isn't too often so I want the best) I like to go to carsten's. Its pricey and the staff can be irritating at times, but I'm a sucker for awesome interiors. I always have gotten a decent cut there too.
1	I've been in this salon several times over the past couple of years.  If it weren't for a good friend stylist who worked there I'd never have given it a chance. But over all the staff members there and the manager for that matter are as rude,  pretentious and second rate as they come. My stylist is worth every penny but  the Salon is way pricey for it's local.  If it's the Aveda products your after (You have good taste) you''d be doing yourself a favor by driving the extra two miles  to Salon Tru or Scottsdale Fashion  Square.
5	I really like Carsten Salon, Ally in particular.  The desk staff have improved and are not any more snooty than at any other high-end salon.  It seems to go with the territory in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  I had tried severl other salons over the last few years trying to save money (Great Recession) but really think Carsten is the best salon in Phoenix.Really my loyalty is to Ally, she always gives me a perfect cut.  She is super nice and I've missed her.  If Ally left I would probably leave too, but for now I'm glad to be back.
5	I go here frequently and they have excellent service.  I would recommend seeing Jessica Miller.  She is by far the best hairstylist I've ever seen.  I always hate explaining what I want and not turning out right. She's been perfect since day one
5	I came in for a cut and color. I had grown out highlights and split ends. Morgan gave me layers and the more natural look I was hoping for. I was so pleased with the service. She was patient, attentive and friendly.  The salon was clean and refreshingly professional. I would highly recommend coming here. Ask for Morgan!
5	I have always been self-conscious about my receding hairline until Morgan cut my hair. She made me aware that I could show my hairline and that it was only natural for it to be receding "a little." Because of my new haircut I feel more confident. Thank you Carsten Salon :)
5	I love this place! I had an opportunity to come in and sit with Morgan a couple years ago and I have never strayed to another salon since. She always works with me and always tells me to take my hat off whenever it's been too long between haircuts lol! The atmosphere is clean and chic and I will be back again and again! Ask for Morgan!
5	I love this salon! Georgie is amazing, and the only person I will let touch my hair! She is so talented and I will give me an honest opinion when it comes to hairstyles! I have curly hair and she knows exactly how to style it in a way I love! I have gone to Georgie for cuts, highlights, and blow outs, everything she has done is phenomenal!!
