3	Even though this store is kind of small, they have just any kind of art supply you can imagine.  If you can't find it any where else it's probably here.  They are also very good with photography projects.  The matting and framing is very nice.  The staff are friendly and helpful and give the customer a very nice experience.
4	Look out Michael's - this is a craft store that will give you some competition. Here you'll find everything for all of your artistic needs and then some more, from painting supplies, paper, frames and cute gift items, plus much much more. It's a great place to check out if you are a skilled artist and need ideas, or if you are an inspiring artist with no idea what to do. Also a great place for general art supplies. I did notice that the employees were not very friendy, but they were very busy so I will cut them some slack.
4	Binders is a great resource for all your art projects. I've used it as my favorite place to pick out gifts for creative types. I got a cool little portable light table there, and when one of my favorite tattoo artists was in town, we went there to find the special kind of watercolor markers he likes to use when he's designing flash sheets.If they don't have it, they'll get it for you. It's a lot different from Michael's or the Hobby Lobby in that it mostly specializes in fine arts. You won't find a lot of stuff for beading or knitting or other crafty kinds of projects. If you're looking for the best materials for fine arts projects, though, Binders has everything you could need.I signed up for their email newsletter, and it's not even annoying! It only comes occasionally, and they let you know about special deals and discounts.
3	So for whatever reason, we have been talking about trying our hand at a little home art project for a few years now. When i saw the Living Social deal for a little discount on art supplies, I figured it was time. We finally ventured out and after scouring the large, crowded parking lot and searching every corner of the shopping complex, we found Binders.  Being a newbie to art supplies, it appeared they definitely had plenty to choose from and a large selection of various sized canvases. I thought everything seemed like a pretty fair price too. I did end up spending more than I probably should have on a hobby that may not pan out whatsoever.  Overall, I was pleased with our trip and hope that we can slop something together that we can hang on the wall at someday.
5	Based on this visit, an EASY Five yelp stars!!!  Though they were out of the main item I was shopping for the lady who helped me was very good at making suggestions and asking the right questions!  Impressive!!!  The staff here is usually very good at giving direction and being very helpful!
4	Really nice people work in here. That is important. Good basic art supplies, knowledgeable, helpful artist employees. They treat artists well, and it is now my favorite place for supplies in Charlotte.
4	I used to buy a lot of supplies here when my daughter was taking art classes.  The employees were always helpful when I was searching for the necessary items on my shopping lists.  I signed up for the email list and got discounts from time-to-time.They have a good selection of pens, pencils, paints, brushes, canvases, composition books, various types of paper, etc, they also stock a nice choice of frames. In addition, they also have cool greeting cards, games, and other cool items.
5	Let be known that first of all, I'm not really an artist in a visual art sense but more of an appreciator of art -- visual or otherwise. My father is a painter, though and let just say that this place is heaven for him. Seriously, he's like a kid in a candy store in here (and usually I have to drag him out)! They have an excellent selection for the size of the store. This art store has what Michael's doesn't. If you're looking for scrap-booking or cake decorating materials, you might want to try there but definitely not here.That's not to say the store is lacking in any way though, it's just for a different crowd. They have everything from portfolios to desks to markers to watercolors. The staff is very good as well! Not only well they gladly assist you with whatever your looking for (and seem to be very knowledgeable) but also make conversation with you!If you're a painter or something of the sort, I would stop by here and ditch the trip to Michael's because you're more likely to find what you're looking for.
4	It's not a huge store but Binders carries quality art supplies.  It's fun to walk around the store to see what they carry.  The staff is very friendly and know the store well.  They always welcome questions and walk me right to the product I was looking for.
