1	Renters beware! Noise level is off the charts!
4	We were put hear for temporary housing I think the apt is nice the lay out is great.. The people are nice and the grounds are well kept! Safe and great location . Only issue is the proximity to the Main Street .. There is really nice friendly people hear and the back of this place backs to the ballentyne country club .so u can go running , walking back there .. My kids love the grassy hills we are thinking about leasing hear till our house is built . I recommend this complex
1	Extremely rude nasty staff ..Maintenance comes inside  apartment without notice when nobody is inside. They check our car. When they see our car is not parked at the complex, they come in without notice and permission. Do not feel like home because the staff keep checking on us, and intruding our apartment from time to time.Office hours  10 am to 7 pm, but nobody at the office at 6 pm when we go there for something.
3	We rented in Camden Ballantyne while shopping for a house in South Charlotte.  Not a bad property or location.  The apartment was clean and the complex is in a convenient area.  The staff is attentive, but be careful on one item - they often make verbal promises which they can't keep.  Simple solution - only believe what is in writing in the contract.  Otherwise, I would recommend this complex to others.
4	I have been a resident here for almost 13 months. I really love my 2bed 2bath apartment home. This facility is clean and the management here is awesome. Albertus B
5	I just moved into Camden Ballantyne a few months ago. I picked this apartment complex based on the location.  I LOVE that they have the Technology Package and that cable and internet are all bundled into my rent and it is cheaper than what I was paying before.  I have a ground floor apartment that is newly renovated and everything has been great. The office staff and maintenance staff go above and beyond to make sure everything is the way it should be. Besides the staff, my neighbors have been great and even introduced themselves and welcomed me to the neighborhood.  There is also just about everything you could need within walking distance. This is a great community to live in!
