2	Staff was very friendly, said hi when we walked in the door and were pretty quick on the service. However, I'm HIGHLY disappointed in their comp system with drinks. My friend played max bet video poker, put in 25 bucks they comped one beer. She asked for another drink and the waitress said..."what have you put in the machine?" my jaw dropped. Then she comes with a tab and charged her for the drink. SERIOUSLY?! Keep in mind she was still playing. She cashed out and we left. Never in my life am I going back to this place!
5	Went there on a Wednesday night and the place was packed. We were greeted as we walked in the door and told we could sit anywhere we liked. It was Happy Hour, so the prices were great. We were so excited that this place finally opened and they did not disappoint us. The food and staff were great!  We will be spending a lot of time at this place.
5	Had a great time!  Great to see Jorian of Sierra Gold!  Great service, enjoyed the food.  The place was buzzin' with energy, good vibe!  Oh, & i won $30!
3	My wife and I went for lunch Saturday afternoon. Place wasn't super busy, maybe 3 -4 tables when we got there plus 6 or so at the bar. Food was good. It is nice to have a good bar food place close. We decided to just do apps and ordered the beef sliders, boneless wings medium and pork loaded potato skins. The skins and sliders were excellent. The wings were OK. A little hard. As we sat a few more couple came in. The waitress was very friendly but extremely swamped. It was just her and a bartender. They clearly needed at least one more server. She never stopped moving. Probably would have given 3 1/2 starts if i could but couldn't get to that 4th yet. we will be back to try again. I have a feeling with a few minor adjustments that 4th star will come.
4	I have never been to Sierra Gold or a PTs before. My husband and I were in the area and decided to stop by for dinner the other night. I did see their "Coming Soon" sign weeks ago, and noticed that they must have finally opened because the parking lot was full. One of the bartenders immediately greeted us when we walked in. You can choose to sit wherever you want. Our server was pretty friendly. She explained some of the menu items to us and convinced us to get a Beer & Bites Club card. Its free and you earn 1 point for every dollar spent. When you reach 100 points, you get $5 in comps. Not sure what other benefits it has, but I guess we'll find out some day. We decided to order a bunch of appetizers:-Crisp Fried Mozzarella: warm and cheesy. Nothing too special, but it was good.-BBQ Pork Stuffed Potato Skins: Very tasty and my favorite so far! The pork was juicy and they give you more bbq sauce on the side.-Boneless Teriyaki Wings: not too bad, but the Teriyaki sauce was a bit on the salty side. Overall, a nice place to eat, drink, watch sports and relax. This location is a popular spot for the locals. It was really busy while we were there, which explains why our server took a while to check up on us and get our refills after we got our food. I would definitely come back to try other things on their menu!
1	Absolutely does not compare to the Sierra Gold at Jones/215.  I just moved to this side of town and was so excited when I saw that there was an SG set to open.  However, I've visited 3 different times with no luck to date. At the Jones location we're on a first name basis with all of the bartenders, and they always comp our drinks when we come in to play.  No such luck at this location.  I was playing max bets and drinking for an hour or more, and both of the bartenders asked how much money I had played, then charged me for everything.  A douchey old lady wanted my machine and kept getting in my personal space and pushing into me, as I was trying to play while the staff pretended not to notice.  If I wasn't playing I would have gladly moved to allow other players to use my machine.  Also, the food does not compare to the quality that I've come to expect from SG.  The nachos appetizer is served in a much smaller portion, but charged at the same price as the Jones location and the pizza is overcooked with sparse quantities of toppings.  I sadly reqret to inform that I will not return to this location, because I miss the high standards that the Jones SG set.  Such a shame.  I had high hopes for this location because I really miss the staff, food, and gaming from the Jones/215 SG.  I have to get my SG fix when I'm on that side of town now.
5	Love this place. Food is very good.  Half price beer & pizza during happy hour.  This is one of the few places that has arrogant bastard on draft.
5	this place is outstanding! i've been to mango's, the old legends casino, pt's on decatur and village pub in desert shores which "used to" be my favorite...til last night! the staff is friendly, the food is good and the place is very very nice on the inside! it isn't your typical bar, it has more of an upscale feel to it. the bartender brandie was the most attentive informative i have had in my history of drinking. And about a previous review I saw of Sierra Gold in concerns to comp drinks, I understand the concepts of comping drinks in Vegas but this isn't that day and age anymore. They still do that at the nickle slots at fiesta, hit that up! anyways, I don't mind paying happy hour prices or full price as long as the service is good. and the service here is great! big thanks to brandie for great food recommendations and making sure my drinks were bottomless! i will tell my friends about this place!
4	Looking for an extensive food menu, reasonably priced drinks, gaming and an upscale setting without a huge price tag? This is your place.  This location is the newest of the Sierra Gold/PTs chain.  As a staunch avoider of PTs, I really do love the Sierra Gold concept.  The food menu is extensive bar/breakfast food, prices are fair and the happy hour is excellent.   The breakfast happy hour (6a-10a daily) is a great deal with half off breakfasts.  My favorite thing about this particular location - Matt who works swing on Thursday -Sunday knows how to mix up some delicious drinks.  Ask him for a White Gummi Bear or a Carrot Cake shot.  He's very creative and always has something new and delicious to try.
4	Very nice bar with great customer service, good drinks, n the food is to die for....I've been here maybe 3 times now n everything I've ordered was delicious!! They have 3 different happy hours, 6am-10am, 4pm-7pm, n 12am-3am....1/2 off drinks n pizza, the 6am happy hour is 1/2 off all breakfast items n who doesn't like a great cheap breakfast?! I love coming here cuz it's away from the strip so no overly drunk college kids just screaming away. The crowd is mixed of young n old n the service u get is friendly n fast.
1	Yeah i checked in but 10 minutes later, i checked out!  We walked in @ 7:12 am on Saturday, for the 50% off breakfast, someone was vacumming, the mop bucket & broom were out.  After sitting @ a table for 10 minutes (no one came), we left & went to Baby Stacks.  What's goin on Sierra Gold?  Unfortunately, this also happened one Wednesday afternoon, we sat almost 15 minutes before someone came for our order!Not sure what's going on but it can hinder my desire to continue going there.
3	It's a nice place, good food, lots of options on the machines.
4	Moved from Summerlin to Desert Shores a little over a year ago.. Was honestly a little lost in this area and had visited some other good places such as Steiners, Village Pub and Roadrunner in the area. Liked them... but didn't love them.Then I popped into Sierra Gold Smoke Ranch.... WOW. This used to be Beckers Steakhouse and the ambiance is far and above anything in Northwest Las Vegas. I've been to a lot of places all over LV and this place is certainly in the top 10 for a local LV bar with how well it's designed. Super nice place... great lighting and great atmosphere. Very classy for a Vegas Bar. My first trip in, I was immediately greeted by Matt who is super nice and made me feel at home. Didn't take long to get to meet most of the staff and some of the best Bartenders I've come across such as Brandie, Matt, Bryan, and Justin. Pretty much can't go wrong no matter what time you pop in.The tone that is set with all of the great staff makes for a great atmosphere. It certainly has to do with the infectious smiles and personalities from the staff. Very professional, attentive and personable. And the Food? The Pot Stickers are incredible... by far the best I've ever had and I actually lived in Korea for a year. The Gilroy Pizza... phenomenal. The Turkey Panini with Avocado that melts in your mouth is the best in town. Several other good choices that you can't go wrong with.I've probably been in this place 20+ times now and in my opinion, it's the best place in Northwest Las Vegas if you are looking for a place that is super nice, has great employees and great food.TIP -- They have a cook named Rock on Swing Shift who is actually from New Orleans that can whip up some of the best Cajun cooking west of New Orleans. This guy rocks and is completely authentic. If you are nice... maybe he'll make you up the best Jambalaya dish in town and better then any Jambalaya that I've had in New Orleans. It's his Mom's recipe and it's incredible! (Not on the menu.)Happy Hours? Yes... don't really care though because it's a great place no matter what time it is.I don't write a lot of reviews unless I really like a place... and this place is certainly worthy of one. From top to bottom.... The best bar and grill in the 89128, 89129, 89134 and 89144 zip codes.-- Cheers!
4	This is a very attractive bar, lots of wood, and black and white and sienna posters rimming most of the walls, with vibrantly colored ones on one of them.Almost all the tables in the restaurant area are pub tables, with very comfortable stools.  There are a few booths in the back, but these are all a step up.  I'm always looking for places to go for Happy Hour but, unfortunately, this won't cut it.  One of my friends is in a wheelchair and there is absolutely no way to accommodate her if she's with us, which is nearly always.  Seems to me this is a violation of ADA regs, and I brought it to the attention of the management.  But we were here for dinner, so it wasn't an issue.  I was happy that they had some very good cider on tap, and Herb had a huge beer at a good price.  I checked the menu online before we went, and he was looking forward to the Beef Stew special to go along with it, but alas, it was nowhere to be found on the extensive menu.  They did have a big Greek salad with chicken, so he enjoyed that.My Turkey with Avocado and Swiss sandwich had lots of avocado, not a lot of cheese (which is okay with me and my doctor), and a good amount of turkey.  But the turkey was way too salty.  The cole slaw that went along with it (instead of fries) was good and plentiful.Overall, I really like Sierra Gold, because I like the atmosphere.  Contrary to what they say, you CAN eat the atmosphere!
4	Just like any Sierra Gold out there...but this one is fanccccyyyy inside. The building used to be a steakhouse, but they renovated it into a bar. Classy and chic with decor of Old Vegas. I love it!Happy hour deals applies just make sure you have your rewards cards. Depending on who the server is, sometimes service is not that great. Bartenders are a lot more service oriented tho.I'd come back here just the fact that it's in a nice neighborhood and a very nice establishment.Don't get raped in the dark parking lot!
3	First off, I really like the food.  The quality is good-to-exceptional and execution/presentation is good as well.  My issue isn't with the food.  It is with their handling of their own monthly food discounts/offers, called "Beer And Bites Club". BTW, I like the waitstaff but it seems that the disconnect is between marketing and management (according to a manager).  The last time I was there, the manager also didn't want to accept my Yelp check-in (1 Free Domestic Pint or Well Drink).  He acted like Yelp was almost some type of scam where Yelp creates bonuses without businesses knowing. It has gotten to the point that the regulars that I go with will no longer go.  They used to go twice a week and me, once a week.  Hopefully someone will read this & fix the problem.  I will give this location one more chance, but I am not confident that anything will change.To make this a little more constructive:1) Football specials are/were amazing2) Great burgers; the Kobe is exceptional3) Excellent BBQ ribs, meaty, tender, & slathered in BBQ sauce4) Coconut Shrimp appetizer seems like it belongs in a Steak House, the taste & presentation are so good. Sweet coconut+savory shrimp+great sauce=amazing!5) Great ambianceWith all said & done, the 3 star rating is being given because of my past experiences during football season.  If I were to base it on my last 3 visits, 2 stars.Please, please Adonna, please read this & correct the problems...
5	I have visited this location at all different hours as I work in the industry. Happy hour breakfast menu is superb!!! Country fried steak and eggs and pancakes at 1/2price!! I love it !! And dinner time 1/2 price drinks and pizza.. My prayers have been answered!!! The gilroy is absolutely amazing and Matt makes a killer filthy martini!!! The wait staff is always super pleasant and very knowledgable about the menu and new liquors!! And graveyard is just as great !!! Love this place and ill definitely continue my loyal business!!!
5	Great bar. Drea the best waitress in town
5	I'm a fan of Sierra Gold as a chain of bars, but this one is by far my favorite.  Not only is it close to my place, but everything here seems to be upgraded over the other locations.  The building was previously a nice steakhouse, so the decor is very nice.  The seating is plentiful and the bar itself is huge so you can almost always find a seat.The staff is great, friendly and good at thier job! The food and drink specials are a good value and of course the beer is always cold.  Watched a few games in the Locker Room (reserved party room) in the past and is reasonable and comfortable.  This is my new local hangout when I just need to unwind, have a cold beer and just relax.  Maybe I'll see you there!
5	Where do you go when the night is young and you just want an ice cold beer and some food? If you have not stopped by this place then you are missing out. The bartender Justin is the man. He greeted us the min we walked in even though the place was packed and invited us to sit at the bar. I was with a group of about 5. We took up the far east side of the bar and was asked immediately what we would like to have to drink and if we would like a menu for food. I swear this guy must have been reading our minds because we were starving for some great food.After looking over the menu I decided to go with the General Taos boneless wings. As I placed my order Justin yelps out good choice man!! and he was right the bucket of wings had a complete fulfilling amount of food and was the best boneless wings I have had in a long time. If you have never been to a Sierra Gold then let me explain the atmosphere. The easiest way to do so is its a PT's with out a pool table and darts!!! Ok so you have never been to a PT's well get out of your house, get off the CPU and go enjoy life for a min hang out with some friends and enjoy the upscale yet casual bar with lots of seating room to grab a good meal and have a great conversation! Like most bars they have video poker machines and a few arcade games. I was surprised that there was not a pool table or darts but I think that the Sierra Gold chain is trying to reach more modest people rather than the younger crowd that PT's is trying to reach. Either way this is a great place to grab a cold one.
5	We had marked them off the list,  and decided to give them another try to watch a game.  It took a little while to get the formula right, but now they're on track.  The really, really awful and annoying bartender is gone; now Matt & Tino take excellent care of us.  Yesterday when I visited Matt had my favorite drink in my hand before I sat down.  The food has improved as well, up to the standard of Jones/215.
5	This is definitely the best kept secret for breakfast specials in Las Vegas. We stumbled upon this when we saw a long line filled with hopeless looking people going to Baby Stacks for breakfast. Definitely not in the mood to wait for breakfast and spied a half price breakfast special at Sierra Gold next door. What a find. Beautiful steakhouse decor. Smoke was not hanging in the air at that hour and adorable and friendly servers. Add a great steak and eggs for $5 during "happy hours 6am-10am and it's all good. My spousal unit loves the chicken fried steak too. This place has become a weekly habit for us. Stop in for breakfast. You will not be sorry.
5	Love coming here! My new favorite after work place!!!  Great happy hour specials. The bartenders and wait staff are super friendly!!! The food is really good especially when Roc is there! You can always tell when he is there because there's just a lil bit extra in taste and presentation. The garlic fries are better than most places in town.  Everyone I know brags about their breakfasts! Their desserts are DAMN DELISH!!!!
1	Well, I think 3 strikes you're out for Sierra Gold.  If you've seen my previous posts, you should know i gave this plaee 3 tries . . unfortunately, 2 weeks ago hubby & I were going to go there for our "before work breakfast date". got there at about 6:45, rang the doorbell, heard music . . . no answer, rang again . . .  still hear music, no answer . . rang a third time at which time the music got noticably louder.  Sure, the 50% off breakfast happy hour is great . . . if first of all, you can get someone to answer the door and secondly, if you can get someone to wait on you.  Sorry Sierra Gold, it's back to Steiner's for me!
3	They give a discount to employees that work at Mountain View hospital (thanks to my hubs!) and it feels very open.They charged us extra when we ordered nachos and there was hardly any salsa on there. That seemed rather silly to me since we were playing at the bar, plus ordered food and drinks. $2 for salsa is necessary, but free drinks are ok when you are playing? Odd.It was alright, and Matt the swing bartender was nice, but I think they could up their customer service levels just a tad.
3	Nice place to watch the game. Plenty of TVs without having to sit at the bar. Staff was friendly and helpful. The drinks were good, and the chicken tacos were okay.
5	Just had a nice happy hour at Sierra gold I know its not happy hour but I was there for an hour and I was happy
1	Wow! I thought the food was expensive until I just realized I paid $8.75 for a mini-glass of bloody mary. And let's bring it back to food...half of my chicken wings were bloody! I pointed it out to the waitress. Any discount, future discount? No. But a nice apology. First and last time here. Beautiful place. Loud (football night)...to be expected. But drink/food price and quality...? No thanks! Too bad, close to home. And btw guys, I am not a complainer! This is the first time I have ever left a negative post or review on a place..kinda thinking about not following through. Here I go...
5	Happy hour 5pm - 7pm and 12am - 2am every day. Half off all pizzas and all drinks. This is one of those places where everybody knows your name. Hands down one of my favorite places in town. The staff is always friendly and the location is ideal. Located right outside of Desert Shores this area needed a regular local 'watering hole'. Their golden rewards card offers great text offers on a regular basis. Just the other day I received a BOGO offer on entrees. A few days before that I recieved an offer for a free pitcher of beer. The atmoshpere is always up beat. TVs every where make it a place where there is no bad seating. Just like in any other gaming pub, smoking is allowed but you'd never know it here. Their state of the art ventilation system is awesome and this is coming from someone who has a sensitive nose for cigarette smoke. The cooks are always on point. My favorite is the steak and eggs with sweet potato fries. Breakfast is served 24/7. They never have an attitude when you have to turn back food which I have never had to do but a friend of mine did and they got his order turned around quickly. The lighting and sound is just right. Not too dark, and not to bright. Not too loud and not low that you can hear everyone else's conversation. They have separate room that is great for group gatherings. It has a wall lines with TVs together that can be made into one huge screen. The price and atmosphere is right. The bathrooms are always very clean and stocked. There really isn't much more you can ask of from a local pub.
4	Updating my review to give props to the swing manager and bartender, Heather, who makes this location even more hospitable.  She hosts some unique events at this location (one event was an Oscar party!), which I think is a nice way to make everyone feel like they belong at Sierra Gold.  There's also been a menu overhaul.  The food is still tasty and a good value.
5	Had a great breakfast, excellent food and really great prices. Andrea is always such a pleasant server and a true asset to sierra gold.
2	Have to update my review since this place has changed so much since my last review. Some really good bartenders were fired or run off since my last review. Brandie, Bryan, Justin and Matt to be specific. Pretty much every good bartender that I noted in my first review of this place. Turnover is pretty high here for such a nice bar so that should tell you something. If you gamble and expect to have your drinks comped, take note that you only get one drink for every $20 you put in. This is one of those places where it doesn't matter how long you play, it matters how much money you put in. Put in $20, hit something decent such as a 4 of a kind (which isn't easy with their tight machines) and if you play it all back and had more then one drink, you will get stuck with a tab. (Basically, you have to cash out anytime you hit something decent and start over to possibly get around this.)I was told it was "corporate policy" which is odd considering all of the other places owned by PT's including the Sierra Gold at Jones & 215 don't seem to be so stingy with cheap beer when you are playing.Anyways... this has happened to me numerous times at this place and the last incident just pushed me over the edge. Put in $100 and played for a couple of hours then got handed a tab.Whatever....Do yourself a favor if you are in the area and go to Aces & Ales (which has an amazing craft brew selection, good food at reasonable prices and over 40 big screen TV's to watch the games), Roadrunners (great bartenders and great food for the price), Tenaya Creek Brewery or Steiners. Much better places for spending money and not being nickel and dimed for cheap Bud Light when you are playing the machines like at Sierra Gold.My first review of this place, I stated it was the best place in the Northwest. Certainly not the case anymore.... which is really sad considering how much money was put into this place and it should be the place to go in the area.It is a really nice place, there are some really good employees there and the food is pretty good even though it's a little on the pricey side. Problem is that it's inconsistent and can't seem to figure out what it wants it to be. Maybe someday it'll get figured out but for now... it's a pass.
4	The only reason Im not giving this place 5 stars is because they have raised prices on some of my favorite items. Other then that. This place is amazing! My lady and I have been coming here since they opened in July 2011 and have witnesed the changes throughout. We love Heather. She is so customer service orientated. She makes everyone feel welcome to newbies and regulars. Cant say enough good things about this place, especially during football season. Go Seahawks!
4	Went here for the first time to watch football with my boyfriend early in the morning recently. The staff was really nice. Very friendly and attentive female bartenders. I was particularly impressed at how well they handled a couple of d-bag bros that continually hassled them. They were obviously regulars. The whole thing was amusing to say the least. The food was delicious!!! I know they are affiliated with PT's and have the same menu, but their food at this location is different. They must sprinkle love in it or something. It's damn tasty!! The drinks were great as well. I had a Bloody Mary after breakfast. This place was very clean and nice. I'll definitely go here again. PS: They also had clean restrooms!
5	Love watching football here, always accommodating my choice of games. The food is delicious, and hands down Katie is the friendliest bartender always on top of things. Thanks Katie you rock!
3	$20 for cheese pizza..  Ok I can deal..  But it was so cheap looking the sauce borderline tomato paste and not enough cheese..  The crust was pretty bad too!!  I will never order pizza again from here not even for happy hour
