5	I practice yoga and went to see Dr Carlos for a bad case of sciatica. He has been treating me with acupuncture and I have had amazing results. I didn't know where else to go for something like this - no way would I ever consider surgery, medication or injections.Dr. C is amazing when it comes to treating things - from feeling run down, stressed, or any pains...he seems to have a special gift for figuring out most health issues.I highly recommend him for health, treatments of many various symptoms and creating a healthier life for yourself using natural remedies.
5	I was originally referred to Dr. Carlos by my uncle who is a retired physician, to help me figure out my hormones - I had gone through early menopause and was really having serious effects from it. I like the convenience of doing all my consults via the internet and phone, which suits me fine, and I like that he spends as much time on the phone with me as I need to understand test results and his recommendations. He prescribed custom compounded bio-identicals and it's really been a tremendous help.
5	Are you tired of taking all of those prescription medications?  Where do you turn?  Turn to Dr. Carlos for help!  Dr Carlos is amazing in the way he teaches his patients.  Carlos has such a broad knowledge in Naturopathic Medicine.  He truly wants to help people make such a difference in their health.  Dr. Carlos is so patient and willing to help you in any way he can!  I truly recommend Dr. Carlos when you want to learn how to take care of yourself in the natural way.
5	Dr. Santos is one of the most knowledgeable and caring physicians I have ever met.  I have been fortunate enough to hear him speak multiple times.  His focus is on treating the body as whole and not just chasing and treating symptoms.  I feel completely comfortable referring friends and family to him, knowing they will receive the best care possible.
5	Dr. Carlos Santos, Thank you.  I went to Dr. Santos in September of 2012, with fatigue, "fogginess" and just not feeling well.  I'm 45 yrs. old and figured this was a part of me aging.  Dr. Santos ran my blood work, he sat with me, explained each of the test results.  He created a vitamin supplement regimen that would help with my concerns. He suggested the treatment of  acupuncture, so I said yes...not sure what to expect, at first I just laid very still, not wanting to move or breath : ) soon I was melting with relaxation and did not want to leave!  Dr. Santo also suggested a Meyers Push (liquid vitamins thru an IV).  I said yes... and now I get them twice a month.  The moral to my story, I was diagnosed with Lupus in 2009.  Since I've been seeing Dr. Santo's I have gone into Remission.  I don't know, for sure, if it's because of my regimen with Dr. Santo's.  But I will say, I feel sooo much healthier, stronger and it's so nice to have my energy back.  Ps.. He has great patience and bed side manner.Laurie
5	Dr. Santo is an incredible guy!! His naturopathic approach to various medical conditions is truly remarkable. He can literally treat ANYTHING!
