5	I've been wanting to try Crossfit for about two years now, so when I saw a groupon for this place, I figured why not?  I was a little nervous as I've never lifted weights or climbed a rope or done a pull up in my life.  The thought of people watching me struggle through any of the aforementioned tasks was daunting.  Turns out, I couldn't have chosen a better place with a better team of people.  Joining Greg and his team each M-W-F for my fundamentals class soon became one of the highlights of my week.  Greg and the other instructors are patient, encouraging, and friendly.  The ratio of men to women was about equal, which was one of my concerns as sometimes I feel intimidated with too many guys around.  Within just one week, I got to know a few familiar faces and most of them took time to say hi or nice job on my progress.This place is like the "Cheers" of Crossfit.  Whether you're thinking of giving Crossfit a try for the first time, or looking for a new box, you'll fit right in.
5	I'm 100% biased, since I've been training with Greg Gifford since May 2013 starting with my OnRamp class. Greg's classes and workouts are a mix of challenging and fun movements. The workouts are always programmed intelligently with a greater purpose in mind. They're all challenging and hard, but fun and are always scaled to your ability. You will always leave with a sense of accomplishment, whether or not you scaled the workout.Classes are a little bit longer than the normal 1 hour classes elsewhere (between 1:15 to 1:30 hours) and follow the following format:Warm Up:Very thorough warm up, almost like a mini workout, with movements specific to the day's WOD and strength portion.Strength (or skill work):Classic lifts: Bench, Squats, Dead lifts, Clean and Jerks, Snatches. Variations such as Front Squats, Shoulder Presses, etc are programmed frequently as well.WOD:A good mix of short and medium WODs and a sprinkle of met-cons.  Once or twice a week, endurance WODs of varying lengths are programmed. Every week, all three energy pathways (phosphagen,glycolisis and aerobic) are involved, giving you a good mix of workouts.There's a good mix of men and women, of varying ages at the gym and everyone is friendly and accepting. We have our own little family at the gym and everyone is treated as such.Come try us out!
5	I have worked out at numerous commercial gyms as well as a few MMA and crossfit gyms, but have found a new home at Axle Crossfit. I have been working out with Greg since the days in his garage and will be a member at Axle for life. The community is great and you will always hear people laughing and having a good time. The best thing about the gym is that we always do a strength exercise everyday.
