1	I am writing this for a non-yelping friend. Her bad experience began even before she set foot in the clinic.  On the phone, she asked for the price for the service she wanted, she was told it would cost $2000.  When she ended her call, she felt like she was talking to an apathetic teenager with no telephone skills.  When she went to the clinic, she confirmed the $2000 price and the receptionist said the service costs $3000. My friend said "I was told that this procedure costs $2000 when I spoke to you on the phone."  That was when the "spacey" receptionist said "Oh, it can be $2000 or $3000." That's it, no explanation of why there is a thousand dollar price difference.  It wasn't explained until the consultation that the price difference was based on areas to be treated (the receptionist could have easily explained that).My friend made an appointment anyway, but thought it was odd that she did not receive a confirmation call or email.  On the day of the scheduled appointment, "Spacey" barely acknowledged my friend as she walked through the door.  She told Spacey that she was here for her appointment and Spacey gave her a blank stare.  After about 10 minutes, Spacey unapologetically told my friend that the device needed to perform the service was at a different clinic and she would need to wait an hour for them to go get it.  Obviously, they have forgotten about my friend's appointment.  Spacey's lack of customer service made my friend's experience at this place frustrating.  This clinic may or may not provide results, but my friend would never know because Spacey is the first person the customer comes in contact with.  Needless to say, my friend does not recommend this place at all.
1	Bad experience at this place.. Receptionist is poorly trained and office is way overpriced..  I feel as if I have been scammed
1	WARNING*******Where Oh where shall I begin...here is the short version, Been going here for HydraFacials and Microdermabrasion for past 3 months, decided to take them up on the 6 bikini laser treatments for $350, judging from the lack of customers and high TURNOVER OF EMPLOYEES, should have took the RED FLAG blowing! First procedure was done by an experienced laser tech and  thank goodness it went ok, but she resigned soon after, due to what she told me was 'so many issues within the office' so that left me with my usual Micro facial person who claimed to have been completely trained and knew what she was doing. Being that she did a very good job on the Hydra & Micro facials I thought(wrong) she for sure could handle this laser hair removal....SMH during the procedure I mentioned it hurt unlike last time, she responded 'well its on the same frequency as ...used" I said are you sure, "yes" she said as she seemed to look twice to make sure, right before ending treatment. 45min later I'm swollen, red as hell and in pain. I call back to the office just to be rushed from the line, after being told 'JUST STOP IN AND GET MORE CORTISONE" next morning, woke up to see welts, dark burn marks, light bleeding along my bikini line, I was HORRIFIED, took a light shower, went by the office only to be told(even before seeing what I described) just BUY some Neosporin or Bacitracin you should be fine. It wasn't til after the RUDE chick noticed me crying that she offered to give me a small tube of Bacitracin.        After realizing everyone in the office could careless, I went to urgent care, where I was told I had Severe surface burns, that could possibly leave permanent scarring, a doc note for work for permission to ware very loose clothing for 7 days. By this time I am livid, steaming, disappointed, mad as hell, and a recluse for the weekend. Today I call to ask about a refund and express my DISSATISFACTION with the service and customer service, first so call office mngr said she would call corporate and call me right back....still waiting!! So I call back again only to have the RUDE chick pick up and tell me 'I didn't give them a chance to check on me" (3pm) BTW...and the MD in the office would check the area..."oh at that will be $70 for the visit" OMG ARE YOU F'N SERIOUS.....THE NERVE. ****WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR***** IN MY LIFE, as much business as I have given them, and 2 referrals this is the treatment I received.....A**holes. TELL THAT TO CORPORATE.
5	I just wanted to say Clint does my Botox and Fillers I could not trust no one else with my face I have had the best experience and outcome with my procedures being done by him. I always recommend him to my family and friends!!!!!!! :)
1	This place is a ridiculous!! The other two reviewers were right on. This place is WAY overpriced!!I have been going to dermatologist for over 5 years, since I have fair skin. I have never had the amount of procedures done that this office did. I only went in to have 2 things looked at. Then, they did not get enough of a biopsy, that I did not even ask for, on my face. And they are charging me for a full visit and lab fees. I was not even seen by the actual doctor, I was seen by the physicians assistant. A bill that I was thinking would only be about $300 ended up being over $800 including lab fees. I have a high deductible insurance plan. I wrote a letter to dispute the charges. After two weeks, they said all charges are due in full. I said no, that's not possible. Then they said I have to make over $100 a month payments or they will send me to collection. I told the gal that if I am making payments, even if it's only $5 a month, they can't send me to collection. She went on to tell me that is not correct, it's in their "guidelines" that they can still send you to collection, if you don't agree with their payment plan. Not to mention the biopsy that was taken, twice, off my face left a scar and I don't think it was any more than a little pimple to begin with. But I can't prove that, so I guess I just gotta take it. Safe your self hundreds and look for someone else. Wish I could recommend someone, but still searching myself.  :\
2	WOW the front receptionist is very unfriendly and rude, the girl with the light brown hair. The other girl with the dark hair seemed scared of her. Only reason I came here was because I was referred and they took my insurance. I don't think I will recommend this place to anymore people. I don't like going to a place and treated like . A smile  goes a long way also the tone of someone's voice. They need a new girl before they lose more patience.the dermatologist Erika was very nice I didn't like her tho.  for her!
1	I made an appointment with the doctor to have a spot on my skin examined. They tried to convince me to sign an arbitration agreement. By signing the agreement I would forgo my right to a jury trial should the doctor make a mistake in my medical care. Instead of a jury trial, any complaint that I filed would have to be presented to an "impartial" arbitration panel and their decision would be final. These arbitration hearings are rarely impartial. I told them I would not sign the agreement. They said I would not be treated if I refused to sign it. I walked out the door and scheduled a visit with another doctor that did not have such a policy.
1	I have been paying on this account and they are sending me to collections. I am not some dead beat who doesn't pay their bills.  I have written letters, trying to work with anyone I can, to no avail.  These people are ruthless and greedy. RUN the other way, DO NOT go here!!!
2	Although I did receive the treatment I wanted and the doctor seemed nice, BE WARNED about the skin biopsy that he forces on you. He told me he wanted to check if a mole I had was malignant and I told him that it was genetic and all my family has just as many moles as me. Even though the mole had nothing to do with the reason I came in there in the first place, he still insisted and I said as long as my insurance will cover it, then fine. Of course the biopsy came back normal because, like I told him, the moles are genetic and my whole family is covered with them!Now I'm getting a bill for 2 skin biopsy performed, $150 each, which is outrageous for something I didn't even want! Learn from my mistake and be FIRM with what you want and don't want because in the end you're paying for it. Don't let them talk you into getting any sort of biopsy or treatment that isn't related to what you originally came in for. Of course they're not going to be honest about the cost. They need to make money off of you.Can anyone recommend a good dermatologist that isn't a scam, ripoff, or completely incompetent? Thank you!
1	I wish I would have read the reviews before I went here, I would have saved myself a lot of money and aggravation.  I went to their clinic in June of 2013 for a skin cancer screening, the office said that the accepted my primary and secondary insurance so I was good to go.  I had a spot on my head and two moles on my back biopsied, the spot on my head was positive for Basil cell and we set an appointment for Mohs surgery at their west side office.  I was called back a second time for another biopsy on a mole on my back because they didn't get enough to make a diagnosis.  I was told that I would need to pay a $1500 deductible before they would do my Mohs surgery, I was surprised since I had several previous visits and was never charged.  They looked into it and called me back saying that I was double covered and wouldn't need to pay the $1500 after all.  I went in for the surgery and they took 3 separate swipes at my head before saying they got it all.  I fully understand and appreciate that they don't want to take more than they need but could not help noticing every patient took 3 visits back before they were done, there were quite a few people taking about it in the waiting room.  Looking at my claims later it shows over $1000 billed to insurance for each swipe - makes sense why they would want to go in the max amount of times.A few days later I was at the pharmacy buying a prescription and my HSA card was declined.  I was shocked because I knew I had over $1000 credit, when I called my healthcare provider I was told that the dermatologist had been paid by automatic withdraw for each visit.  My fault for not realizing my card was set up this way but I was surprised that there was no notice of the billable amounts.  Since I already had the Mohs surgery I was stuck, they had taken $1110. from my account and I still owed them $1071. out of pocket.  Turns out they were wrong about my secondary insurance being in network...  I ended up paying $2182 out of pocket for all of my visits.  I was upset but realize that I should have been better informed about what was covered and chocked It up to a learning experience. Last week (a year and a half later from my initial visit) I received a note on my door that I had a certified letter from Henderson Dermatology.  I was hoping that somehow it was a reimbursement for some of what I paid.  Jokes on me... What it ended up being was a letter stating a FINAL NOTIFICATION (yes they used all caps) about the biopsy of a mole on my right upper paraspinal - says that they tried to reach me several times and this is their last attempt.  Basically says if I die it isn't their fault.  Funny I have not moved and my phone number has never changed.  Seems like they are cleaning up old files and are covering themselves by law.I called the office (in California) that was listed for questions and the operator states that this letter should have been for the lower left paraspinal, interesting... Now it isn't even the right mole.  She is investigating and I am waiting to hear back.  Needless to say I will be picking up my file and already have an appointment with another dermatologist.  I really do hope that everything comes back clear so I can put this behind me - please be sure you are researching who you trust with your life.
