4	I was on the search for Specialized "Armadillo" road bike tires when I discovered Landis Cyclery.  They're the most puncture-resistant tires in the world, and you can score a set for 60-90 dollars depending on the size at Landis.  The next time you buy tires: buy some.  You'll get years of service out of them.  They're not too heavy, either.They've also got an above-average selection of shoes, bags, and other bike goodies, too.  And its not about quantity at this shop, either; its about quality.  The brands they sell are the best in the biz and the staff is knowledgeable.They've got the best selection of Specialized accessories I've found in the valley, and their light selection is great, as well.  There's definitely deals to be found at Landis - such as a $280 full face helmet for $100.  I also like that the shop isn't tucked away in the back of the shop; its basically right at the front desk.  In short, you'll never be neglected when you're ready to make your purchase.Great shop!
5	kelly from landis cyclery is the shidoobie shizznit. first off, it's awesome that a chick can work so well with bikes.  she really knows her cycles.  she special ordered me a beautiful globe bike, the roll 1, and put it together for the urban assault i'm about to unleash in phoenix. she also hooked me up with a kryptonite mini lock, the best of its kind, and a couple of simple yet stylish bike lights.  thanks to her i'm rolling around on one of the coolest bikes in town. it's a handsome fella. if you ever need your bike fixed or repaired, or looking into getting a new bike, or any bike parts, check out kelly at landis cyclery.
5	Superb customer service! I went in to have spinning cleats put on my shoes. . . the gal (sorry don't know her name) who helped me was so courteous and helpful. I'll take all my cycling needs here.
5	There's a reason they've been around since 1912!  I just purchased my third bike from the North Scottsdale (PV) Landis location.  The staff is phenomenal down to earth and all around great people, you won't find bike snobs like other local dealers.  They do not work on commission so they work to help you find your perfect bike be it $300 or $3000.  They stock plenty of accessories and parts.  The mechanics are top notch and are eager to help you learn to do your own basic stuff.
2	I bought a new mountain bike from them in Dec 2011. The buying experience was great, my salesperson was very knowledgeable and they had the bike built in a couple of hours. My problem was the included 90 day tuneup. They didn't do any of the work that needed to be done and gave the bike back to me with my brakes rubbing, gears not shifting correctly, and wheels that needed to be trued.After spending thousands of dollars on my bike and accessories I expected more. They only give one tuneup at Landis (less then many of their competitors) so I wish things would have been done correctly. I will be bringing my bike to another shop for service in the future.
5	These guys are awesome.  I just purchased my first road bike here.  They couldn't have been more helpful.  It's clear that they not only wanted my business, but that they wanted me to walk out of there absolutely satisfied with my purchase.  They really helped alot and actually gave me a great deal on a bike.  I went to almost every bike shop in town, spoke to alot of different folks who where all really good at what they do and nice enough- but in the end i went with landis cyclery  because I liked the vibe best.  I highly recommend their store as well as service shop
5	I wrote a review on facebook for these guys, but need to spread the word high and low about the service they provided. My dad and I brought our touring bikes in to them after making it from San Diego to Scottsdale. We were staying in Scottsdale on a rest day so had time, but they guys took our bikes in and had them done by the end of the business day because they knew how important the bikes were to us.  I swear I do not think my bike has ever ridden better. We both are on Surly Long Haul Truckers and needed everything from some minor tuning (my bike) to larger derailleur work (dad's bike).  Not only did the guys at the store make us feel so welcomed, but they took interest in what we were doing and rejuvenated our spirit after the first 400 miles. Their enthusiasm for their craft and spreading it others was felt. I know the bike basics but nothing more. Never once did these guys have an air about them. That is huge to me when I visit bike shops. Thanks guys for everything!
4	I'm late writing this update....  I spoke with the manager and he made things right. My family and I have bought many expensive bikes from Landis and I'm glad to see them care about the customers enough to correct the problems. I would have no problem buying another bike there.
5	Huge selection of low,mid and high-end bikes and friendly & helpful staff
5	I've always had great service with these people at this location and the central Phoenix location. They're not only helpful to an amateur like me, but they have also treated me like I'm a lifelong loyal customer and big spender. I've known this company for less than 5 months. I highly recommend this team for any family interested in cycling on a regular basis.
1	I bought 4 mountain bikes and a Thule bike rack. Sales person was helpful generally though he never explained that the bike rack is not designed for mountain bikes, nor that any separate part could be purchased and attached to the bikes to get them to fit. I could only fit 3 of the 4 bikes on the rack, and even they were almost impossible to hang. On way back from trip, I could not fit 4th bike on the rack so I tried to tie it on top of the rack on one side. It fell as the car was on the highway. I brought it in today and ask them to see what they could do to repair the fallen bike or replace the rack for one that works with the bikes. The store manager said he would consider replacing the rack initially and later declined that and said the broken bike was my problem to fix. Never will go there again.
5	I was finally able to convince the manager to fix my wife's bike at cost - very happy they did. Will use them again.
5	The best LBS I have been to. They carry a variety of brands and should be able to find anything you're looking for. Even though my wife and I showed up late to buy cycling shoes last minute, the guy helping us didn't seem to mind and was patient with us. This leave is not close to where I live, but is worth the drive if I need something specific.
5	While I didn't get my cruiser from here I ended up swinging by this shop after a terrible u-lock purchase from a non-bicycle store (the keys stripped after 3 turns- don't get a master lock 8170D) so that my new Christmas gift wouldn't not end up as a thief's post Christmas gift.  I entered the store for the first time and was taken back by the size of this place, it's a lot bigger than I expected with a great selection of bikes including cruisers, hybrids, mountains, and racing. Within four steps, Mike one of the employees, greeted me and asked if I needed help finding anything. I told him I was interested in a lock and also wanted a handlebar basket. He pleasantly lead me to the locks first and went over the difference between the chains and u locks. Then after finding out what type of bike I had and what I wanted to use it for (i.e. amount of time it will be locked up in one spot) he suggested the most appropriate one for my situation (Kryptonite u lock $45.99). With that under way went over to the baskets and man, did they have an awesome assortment of colors and materials (metal, wood). Mike then educated me about the different types of baskets including the popular wicker baskets and how they install. Initially I wanted a wicker basket, but after my quick lesson from Mike about them not holding up very well in the Arizona heat, I opted for an aqua metal basket by Sunlite ($23.99) that was super easy to install.Landis and Shea and Scottsdale had awesome service and a great selection. I will be back with any bicycle needs!
