2	ROAD TRIP! VEGAS OR BUST!If you're traveling with ballers on a budget, I guess this is an OK place to stay at. It's funny because they advertise it as being "on the strip" which is I suppose, partly true since it IS on Las Vegas Blvd. It just happened to be ALLLLLL the way down Las Vegas Blvd. Haha, it was at least a 10-15 minute drive from the strip. Good thing we had our cars with us (yes we made the 10+ hr drive up) so that we could travel easily. I admit that we were a bit underwhelmed when we arrived at our room. We were traveling with 9 people and we were stuffed like sardines into this hotel. Unfortunately, the rooms had already been pre-booked by one of us, who had assured us that there would be "PLENTY OF ROOM" to accommodate us. Uhhh, yeah, not really. Thanks a lot, Randy! (put him on blast, haha) We had a two bedroom suite, which came with a living room and a kitchen which came in useful because we bought some frozen pizzas and quick munchies at the nearby grocery store.However, don't expect the maids to come by and clean up. We requested them to bring up a vacuum so that at least WE could clean up, but it never came. Never once did they clean the place up, which was pretty nasty because eventually there was a bunch of bits of food on the floor. We never got our trash emptied, so you can imagine how much it piled up during the duration of the trip. Only 3 of us were ladies, the rest were GUYS... so you can imagine how dirty it got after a while.The only good thing about this experience was that it was SUPER CHEAP after splitting it 9 ways... I think for the whole trip, my share was about $40-50. As for looks & amenities, don't expect the Wynn. It's a place to lay your head after a wild night in Vegas. Who sleeps in Vegas, though???
4	Decided to go to Vegas with some friends last minute and of course room rates were ridiculous. However, this place called the Emerald Suites showed up on my online search and the price for a last minute weekend, $65-80 bucks a night! Considering I wouldn't be able to afford anything else I booked it and off we went. Upon, arriving I realized this place was very far off from the strip. No problem, they offered free shuttle service to and from! Also, they let us check in much earlier than our scheduled check in time which was a huge plus since we wanted to get in some rest from the drive.  The room in itself was our own mini apartment. Really! A living room, a small kitchen (stove, sink, and full size refrigerator included), a bathroom, and a bedroom with a very comfy bed.  At the facility there is also a pool, a small gym, and areas with washing machines that you can pay to use if you happen to need to do laundry. Parking is also free and very similar to dorm parking which made it easy for us to park right in front of our room. Overall, I missed staying at a casino on the strip, but for something so last minute and so affordable, I have absolutely no complaints.
4	I have stayed at Emerald Suites a number of times and every time has been splendid. Yes, I know it is quite a ways away from the strip and there isn't a convenient casino right down the stairs, however, it is relaxing, CLEAN and has quite convenient amenities. Each room has a kitchenette, meaning stove, microwave, oven, fridge, sink, etc. The kitchenette is also stocked with the main untincils and cookware. If there are some items missing, room service gives no hassle in delivering any missing goods. I am definitely a fan of Emerald Suites South Las Vegas, not the Cameron one which is completely D grade. My only complaint with Emerald Suites would be that, years ago, I left something in the room and when I talked to the manager he insured me that they have my item and my item will be shipped back within the next few days charged on my card. That, unfortunately, never followed through. I guess like all hotels, don't bring anything you wouldn't want to leave behind.
1	This is seriously the worst room I have ever stayed in. I walked in and found 2 giant cockroaches in the bedcovers!  The next day the dead roaches were in the floor where I left them. Housecleaning didn't pick them up. It's so bad I got another hotel for my remaining 3 nights knowing I forfeited my fees. This place needs to close down.
2	The room itself seemed super clean. It was really nice to have a full kitchen. It is however, in a less than spectacular part of town. I will not ever stay here again because there was a roach in my room. Gross.
1	We stayed at this hotel for a week in Nov. 2010. Due to the length of our stay, we wanted something that had a kitchen to keep our meal costs down.As other reviews has mentioned, this place is the worst hotel that I've ever stayed in, and I've stayed in some pretty crappy Motel 6's in my life. There were 2 dead cockroaches in the room when we checked in, and at least 1 or 2 dead or alive cockroaches in our room every night there after. This hotel claims to have a dog run, and I guess technically, they do. However, it consists of 3 panel by 2 panel chain link fencing with rocks. When I asked where I could run my dogs, they recommended a empty field adjacent to the hotel... mind you this hotel is on LV Blvd and the side street is a very busy residential street.This hotel also has a LOT of "long term" residents. Six people living in a 2 bedroom hotel room, made our stay very uncomfortable, as this was their home whereas we were staying in a hotel.The gym was nice, and appeared as if they had recently purchased new gym equipment. The pool was "heated", however I don't know what they consider the temperature of "heated". For the entire 7 days that we stayed at this hotel, the pool was too cold to use. The upside, was that due to how cold the pool was, I could soak my feet in in after a long day on my feet instead of using a bucket of ice.... as the temp's were probably the same.If we didn't have the dogs, or pre-paid and received a cash discount, we would have been out of there by the 3rd night.Summary: WORSE PLACE EVER!!! STAY SOMEPLACE ELSE!!!
3	I have been staying at this place 2 weeks now while waiting to move in to another apartment. I went into it having my doubts because it is a weekly and generally these types of places are known to be divey and attract neer-do-wells. However, I have been pleasantly surprised throughout my stay here. The staff has been really excellent to me. I have a dog and they all know and love him. I have not had a single problem having my animal with me, however, I did notice on their website they advertise that pets are welcome but breed restrictions apply. I do not know what breeds they restrict because I have seen several people walking pit bulls around here and don't get me wrong, I love dogs, I love all animals but we have had one run in with a pit bull already and some of the pit owners here are not as responsible as they could be. It would be nice if the staff could remind people with less then friendly dogs to keep them on leash because I do not want my basset hound to be some other dogs dinner. This is more of a dog owner problem then a problem at the suite itself, but I think they could do a better job of screening the breeds that come through here. Other then that, all employees have been great. I had a problem with my TV remote and that was fixed immediately. I also had a problem with my door lock not working and that was fixed right away. The grounds are kept very clean and my room was clean as well. If you bring a DSL cord you will have lightening fast internet. It works excellently on my macbook pro. I was shocked at how fast I get the internet here. It is most awesome and best of all FREE. I have read some people writing that this area of town is not so hot and I totally disagree. I love South Las Vegas. I think this is one of the better areas for a weekly suite and was surprised at the lack of riff raff. It seemed to me that there are a lot of contract workers doing some form of construction work and then there are people that are just here for a few days then gone. There are also many elderly and retired people living here, snow bird types. The neighbors are friendly but not too friendly and I forgot that I had left my new shop vac in the back of the truck for up to a week and then I noticed it there and it was still there. No one had stolen it, which was awesome. I would have expected it to be swiped out of the back of my truck the first night. I would recommend this place to others. Its a bit cleaner and a lot less seedier then other weeklies I've seen. The reason I am giving it 3 stars and not 4 is because the ice machine in the laundry room has been broken for months, which is annoying and the issue with pets I described above.
1	My husband and I comes to Las Vegas twice a year for the convention, and we used to come here for almost a couple of years. The first year experience was great. Very clean, staffs are efficient and courteous, but it's hard to communicate with the housekeeping. Also, the reason we liked it here because they have pots and pans. This is some sort of a small apartment type. But on the second year, staffs started to become annoying. First, when we checked in we asked for ashtray, they said they'll send it to our room. The next day when we came back, still no ashtray, we called and still no-one came. Until we left. The towels, they are so rough, my car rag is soften than their towels. The pillows are very small and hard, it'll hurt your neck and head. And by the way, not all rooms has flat screen tv. Then on our later stay, no more Pots and pans plus, the reception lady is rude and argumentative. Their accommodation is not far from the price of some hotels anyway, so why suffer. That's the whole point of vacation, to relax.
2	This place is just like every other extended stay on the strip, run down and broken, pool is gross, jacuzzi is gross. You got people who let there kids run around like wild animals so that kinda makes things even more undesirable. My room smelled  like kitty liter when I checked in so had to rush out and buy a bunch of fabreeze to mask the smell. All in all this is a place seems like a haven for people who can't get a real apartment because of credit issues, past evictions or whatever made them end up here. Will be getting out of here ASAP ,,,
2	Added a star for the price since $100 is such a bargain.  However if you get what you pay for, then this place still doesnt deliver.Not as dirty as others reviews, but fail when it comes to delivering requests.  Like a cot was requested over four times on separate occasions but still no cot.It says on their profile that they have WiFi as of this review date, but this is wrong. They do have free internet as it says on their website, however u need to bring your own ethernet cord to plug into the jack.  Also note no pots or pans but they do have some plates, bowls and silverware.
1	I gave this place another chance since my previous bad experience was (I thought) tolerable. So I made early reservations online, But I made a very bad decision.July 31, 2 of my lady friends, my son and myself checked in. That evening, we found out that the fan on the wall in between the living room & rooms were not working, plus the a/c is cold only at first then later it was just like a fan. Imagine, at this 108 degrees temperature, what do you think happened to us. Well, the next day, my girlfriends & I had to attend the convention which was the purpose of our trip so I told my son to inform the reception so they can have it fixed. I came back past 5, and no-one even came to look. I went to the office and their excuse was, the maintenance went to a wrong room. Ok, so they tried to change the fan but didn't do anything to the a/c. And by the way, I bought myself a portable fan that day. Here we are on our 2nd night,  and nothing or not even a little bit of comfort was added to our stay. Not to mention that on the 1st night, I was already not feeling well, my other gf had skin allergies and on the 2nd day because of the severe heat even got worse.So we decided that we are checking out right the following morning, it doesn't matter whether we paid for 3 days, we were all getting sick.Upon check out, tried to ask if they could at least give us a discount because they said the 3 days reservation was non refundable. Would you believe what the manager told me? She said, if we stay another night, she will give a 10% discount. WTF!!! Does she not understand, we are all sick and getting worse in this accomodation.Now, I am totally convinced, this place is a NO NO. I even wish I can give this place a -1 star.
1	Wish I could give a negative rating for this business! This is probably our 5th stay here and the last one was 2 years ago. They were tolerable before but this weekend has been the worse one. Rooms/Facility: No elevators. We stayed in a 2BR suite. Requested for a handicap which is to my dismay doesn't have king or queen size beds (twin bed only). There's a coffee maker but no cups. There's a stove but no pan. No microwave. No disposable cups! Hangers provided only when requested. It's very frustrating especially if you're with senior citizens and kids and when you're checking in late because housekeeping service is not avail 24hr and front desk is not very helpful either. We've tried Crestwood, Wyndham and Candlewood Suites before so I do have a point of comparison. Service: 1) we checked in around 10pm and my 82 yr old dad asked where their restroom is. I know for a fact that they do have one because I used it before. The lady (who I regretfully didn't ask the name) bluntly said '"we don't have public restroom." How about that for a welcome greeting? Outright disrespectful! I had to beg and yes I had to. 2) Karen, the revenue manager, is very condescending and unapologetic. She talks to you like you're an idiot and will not extend an apology for their shortcomings. She takes pride for giving mediocre service. She's not the kind of person you want to speak to in the morning to request for supplies.  3) housekeeping is available from 9am-11pm as per Karen. We checked in 10pm on a Friday (holiday weekend) and they denied our request for extra pillows coz the HK is already closed. 2 pillows for a 2-room suite?? We needed to roll our comforter to use as head support. We still gave $tip though. It's not the housekeeping's fault. On the upside: the bed and pillows were comfortable. The facility needs updating especially the handicap shower and chair plus a little fumigation will help too as I've seen 2 cockroaches (No photo sorry). Emerald Suites have just gotten from mediocre to worse. Avoid this business at all cost. You've been WARNED.
3	It was cheap... Good front staff they were very sweet! Clean room.. Stayed in a one bedroom.. A little ghetto but everyone kept to themselves.. Didn't seem rowdy at all. No housekeeping  but not a big deal. A little far from the strip.  Would have given it 4 stars had it not been for the cockroach  I saw crawling on the wall! Other than that... Good !
1	Let me be very clear in my posting here. Some people like cheap and will accept just about anything. For a business professional do not stay here it is not safe. People from just about anywhere can mill through the parking lot and there was very little security in sight. The room had many problems. I took inventory and the list was about 12 items long. For example on their website it lists free Internet. They do not have Internet at all and no WIFI. The staff was quite unfriendly despite some posts you may read to the counter. There is a female that seems to care a slight bit, but the manager is pretty worthless. One person had their car towed and the manager brought out the contract to say, it is not my problem because you signed here. No empathy whatsoever. I stayed for 3 days until I couldn't take it anymore and I checked out. When I asked if I would get a refund since I paid for a week, I was told sorry no refunds, check your contract. Again, the attitude means everything and theirs stinks. You will be just a number in a bad location. Don't stay here you can do better. Watch for my review on Holiday Royale where I transferred to. What a difference!
1	No shower curtain and I have to pay $10 (non refundable) for a room key?Whomever made those poor managerial decisions must have wanted one-star Yelp reviews.
1	bed bugs bed bugs bed bugs!!!!!!I have never been treated so badly before by a company. First let me say there was a lady with short red hair that was really nice and sympathetic.  We have been living with bed bugs for I don't know how long. My husband and boys moved here maybe back in April. I did not move with them in the beginning because my husband and I was going through a separation but I was coming back 2-4 days a week to clean and wash for them. when I would stay the night I would notice I was getting bit. I asked the boys and husband if they noticed anything and they said no. Well about a month later I moved back home with them and soon noticed I was getting bit in fact one morning I woke up with my toe being inflamed so I pull the blanket back and noticed there was a bed bug. I couldn't sleep, I could eat, I was in total distress. I'm searching all over the house now. I found another one in my bed and put it in a sandwich bag to show proof. I was given a to do list so that it can be taken care of.it took a couple times for them to come out and spray because first we didn't have the money to wash all the clothes and things that was asked to be washed.  They finally came out again but because we still had clothes in our closet they couldn't do anything which is understandable. the pest control gave me three hours to bag everything which I did. when they finally came out again I was told they still couldn't do anything because the bed wasn't flipped the drawers wasn't flipped and the couch wasn't flipped. By this time i'm really stressed. all of our belongings are  in bags, we have no sheets no blankets and the boys now have to get dressed from the car because that's where all the clean safe clothes were. I went to the office to get some help, I mean they cant spray and we have work and school the next day so what was I suppose to do. I'm crying, im stressed and im tired as im talking to the lady with the short red hair the manager comes out and ask what the problem is in a harsh manner. she did apologize but by that time im furious. Well well well the manager tells me that she will send her maintanance  team 8am the next morning to flip the furniture. 8 am the next morning comes and no one shows up (I had a witness on the line and my son that confirm what was said).  I waited for the pest control to come so that I can see what's being done. the day before the pest control told me not to stress it'll all be worth it he also stated that I should be getting new beds and furniture but when I talk to management she stated it wasn't necessary . by this time im a little confused because on the to do list it Cleary states if there's holes in the furniture it should be discarded. the night they sprayed we came home about 830 and my husband noticed live bugs on the bed. I notified the office and was told not to open any bags because they will be out the next day to follow up and was given sheets to sleep under.. again no call no show. By this time im really upset. days pass nothing no follow up no call. all of our things are still in bags and the things I have already washed has to be rewashed. I have checked my boys bed and room daily since this incident and I go in their room this morning to find another bed bug 1 week after the spray. so I take the live bug to the office and wait for the manager. the manager and I just didn't see eye to eye. I threated to call ch 8 news and her response was "ow we get threats all the time and no one ever has proof". Really???? I have a couple videos showing the bed bugs, I have pics, I even have  a live one sitting in the bag but she claims I have no proof. My husband went in the next day after the spray to see if we can get help I mean we have a lot of clothes in bags and I will post pics shortly and he was told that the pest control was there to treat 3 rooms and we were one of them. We have the name of the employee but because im not in the business of hurting others I will not display that name unless it absolutely necessary. when I mentioned that to management she told me that was all a lie. After going back and forth with her she decide to give us a 3 day notice because I told her no one was allowed in the room unless someone was there and I didn't t feel comfortable with that idea. if you have had a problem with this place and needs a witness please feel free to me a call at 7026737215. my name is larice abeto and I have been in the customer service industry for over 10 yrs and I know for a fact this is not how you treat people.photos and videos coming soon. Thanks
1	I wouldnt even give one star to this place!! Horrible stinky outdates rooms! Old tvs with missing remote control, king size bed with 2 twin box springs! The rooms smells like cigarette smoke, old green carpets!! No shower curtain, no maid service.Drive few minutes away at crestwood suites and for the same price get 10000x better!!!!Stay away from this place.We left after a day even though we paid for a week with no refund! Thats how bad this place is!!!
