4	Let me start off by saying...I looooooove a good pastrami sandwich.  So when a friend suggested of mine said he was going to make a lunch run down there, I checked out their menu and right away told him to bring me back a pastrami.  I must say...I made a excellent choice.  The sandwich was very good.  Plenty of pastrami and cheese.  The pickle spear was a unexpected and pleasant surprise.   So in closing, this review is completely based on just the sandwich, I haven't been inside the shop yet...but when I do get there...I'll update.
5	Tasty and quick...the $2.95 italian combo sub is a great deal.
4	I eat lots of sub sandwiches but I usually opt for the more famous chain which will remain nameless but it starts with Sub and ends it Way (and the word is subway) which happens to be about a block down the street. How foolish of me to go to a chain when Sub Factory is right in my neighborhood. The subs are 10'' on white or wheat with a large selection, most subs starting at only 4.89! That's a good deal! I had the steak and cheese which was loaded with peppers, grilled onions and lots of meat. Pictures of "old" Tempe (i.e. probably from the 80s and 90s) hung on the wall. There are a few ways to my heart and an appreciation of local history is one of them. So are good sub sandwiches. I'm now in love with Sub Factory and I'm going to go there a lot more. The girl working was very nice and genuinely smiled and thanked me when I left. So this is a major win and a great new discovery for me.
5	I flipping love sub factory. I used to eat these subs every day and tonight I found their frequent punch card in my wallet. I've had it since high school. I totally plan on eating these subs again, I forgot all about it! My order: Turkey on white with onions and banana peppers and provolone. sometimes lettuce. The turkey is shaved very thin and it's piled on! the bread is so chewy and perfect. The onions are sliced very very thin as well and it makes them so easy to eat! Seriously, I LOVE sub factory. Definitely get an otis cookie while you're there, too. I always see cops and business men whenever I go in, the space is small but clean with quite a bit of sitting space.
3	Pretty good stuff.  Cheap, no frills, etc.  Good quick bite for lunch, but probably not the place to go if you're trying to impress someone.
5	Pastrami and turkey deluxe is off the chain, as is the turkey croissant sandwich.
5	Best sub shop in the Phoenix Metro Area. High quality food with very reasonable prices. The employees and owner are super friendly and personable, such a great place to bring family or friends.
5	"No other place like it!! Have tried everything on the menu (except 3 cheese) and have not been disappointed!! Hot Pastrami is the best!!"
4	My friend lives right around the corner and after a little shopping we decided to stop in and grab some food. She ordered a turkey wrap and I got the turkey bacon melt. Both were made when we ordered it and were ready in about 3 minutes. Mine was perfectly hot and the flavor was excellent. Gotta show support for local business!!
5	I have been going to Sub Factory for years and years and its by far the best sub shop in arizona. Terry the owner is the Best Business owner ever and the employees there are  Great they get to know you and know what you order. They area all extremely nice. I recommend you try this location off broadway and hardy you will not be disappointed...
1	Prices are very inexpensive, but that just leads to inferior food quality usually. Jenni-O turkey is clearly not Boars Head and the sub rolls are pretty much the generic rolls that come ten to a package in your local grocery store (the ones that are already pre-sliced and taste like hot dog buns. Also, there was an older guy who had a gray splotch, that was making my sandwich, and he just seemed out of place and also must have dumped a jar of mayo on my Chicken Breast sub. It's one of those places that doesn't really care about presentation or quality ingredients. Turn and burn sub shops are my definition of these joints. Much better subs just up Broadway at Bite Me. College kids and cops eat at Sub factory and that is just what it is - a factory of bad meats and people who don't care about your lunch - just their profit.
4	Started out on the 7th Ave & Camelback location and loved their subs,, now, its been a few years, maybe a decade or so,, but,, Now in the Tempe area and came across this place on broadway.. Ham n Cheese Deluxe is off the hook... I peeve, is canned mushrooms,,, but the sprouts n everything else in this thing is awesome,, another once a week stop now until,, i relocate my workplace :D
4	Ive always gone to the original location and quite frankly forgot this one was here. Its at the end of a strip just west of Hardy on Broadway.I went around lunch time and it was fairly busy. But the line moved quickly, I think I was in and out in maybe 10 minutes. I love how unassuming Sub Factory is. You walk in and see the look of a very simple, maybe not so so clean little dining area w/ an average counter and kinda think "Well this probably wont be the *best* sandwich Ive ever had...". But youre wrong, well maybe not totally wrong. Its not gonna be the best but its gonna be damn good. I love the turkey croissant sandwich, and just like the original location, its delicious.I was more surprised at my wait time than the quality of the food. Its Sub Factory, its always gonna be good.This is definitely a hidden lunch gem.
4	Great sandwich shop.  Pastrami deluxe is my favorite.
5	I have been going to Sub Factory for years...Terry and his staff are top notch... ham and turkey deluxe.. roast beef deluxe and the Club are my favorites here... won't be disappointed guaranteed
5	Always a pleasure to come here.Granted I only order my favorite sub (the club), every sandwich I ever ate here had something called consistency.  Besides the great taste and awesome prices, I'm glad that for once, a small shop can keep making sandwiches correctly and accurately as possible.  Nothing special about this place.  It's not a fancy store or a huge corporate chain so I'm not expecting some 5 Star quality ingredients.  However, for what it is (a quick lunch or supper) they offer excellent service and a quality meal.
4	This is a small business where you get a good sandwich for a good price. The quality of the meat leaves something to be desired, but overall for a quick bite for cheap it is a good alternative to subway. These are sandwiches you can make yourself, but don't because your lazy. The owner is a good guy who offered to wrap our leftovers for us, so they get bumped up to 4 stars for that. Go here if you want subway but not subway.
1	Don't like giving bad reviews but had to for this place and frankly I don't know how this place has any positive reviews.  Like another reviewer pointed out, the quality of the turkey and rolls is extremely low.  Pre-sliced buns at a sub shop, are you serious?  Turkey was gray and mushy, I picked it off after one bite (I ordered the turkey and roast beef).  You know how sometimes after eating a really good meal you feel really good?  Well this place made me feel the opposite.  Even if Sub Factory was dirt cheap I couldn't recommend it;  I paid about $8.50 for sandwich, chips and a soda.If you want a good sandwich you shouldn't come here.  Subway is better, honestly.
5	Absolutely the best sandwich in town. .friendly..fast clean...reasonable prices...I'll be back...!........... ................ ........... .............. ....... ........ ............. www.AirSlamit..com
3	First time here.  They offer a sub for $2.95!  It includes ham, genoa, cotto, provolone, mustard, mayo, onion, lettuce, tomato, oil, vinegar and obviously a sub roll!  It was actually pretty good and filling.  Add a side of macaroni or potato salad for 99 cents.  They offer about 20 subs in all.
2	First, this is my favorites Sub Factory location. It's the only one with the seafood sub. As a whole I'm not a huge fan of the chain, the food is low quality, bland, and unoriginal.
3	Food: Turkey croissant sandwich with lettuce, mushrooms, sprouts, and red onions. The sandwich was pretty big and filling. The croissant was room temp. I would have liked it better if it was toasted. Service: I came here at lunch time and it was pretty packed but I was able to get my food quickly. The girl who took my order was friendly. Sandwich + bottled water came out to a little under $10. Final thoughts: I would come back, there's plenty to choose from on the menu!
