1	A couple a girlfriends and I went to get our nails done here and were totally ripped off. They we're running a special for buy a "signature" pedicure and get free gel polish on your nails for $35 total. The technician's gave us the wrong type of pedicure and a full manicure and we were charged over $50. While the place is clean and our technicians we're good, the owner manager was very pushy. He conceited to giving us 20% off after we complained multiple times, but it still came to $46. He would not give us the special price we asked for when we originally walked in and said we could get it next time. I don't live here and if I did there would definitely be no next time for me or the girls I was with.
1	This guy did my nails and told me how awful my hands looked and I needed more manicures... Thanks guy, I get that you want me to get my nails done often, but I'm good.  He kept repeating it, like I love hearing that or something.Despite that comment, my nails looked nice when I left... That was short lived.I got them done on Wednesday, for a wedding on Sunday.  Sunday they looked okay... I'm not the bride so not a huge deal, but they began to peel off in sheets... Check out the pic I put up... One week later... I just can't even understand how gel nails last only a week. Don't go here.
5	I have nothing but great things to say about icolor and this is now my go-to salon in Charlotte! I purchased a groupon for a shellac manicure and have been back for more mani's since. Have yet to try a pedicure though. Pros:Super friendly staff! They always go out of their way to talk to me and make me feel welcome. Brand new and super clean facility with a great nail bar! They have this fun nail drying area with these fans that are made in America. I know that this point is random but I am assuming that they paid more to get an American made, fun and high quality fan system to dry your nails. #merica! Wine/drinks includedThey use OPI lotion instead of that generic pink tube!They used a salt scrub on my hands that is usually an additional charge at other salonsHuge selections of colorsPolish lasted a normal time (not as long as midtown nails but still a very reasonable length)Prices are really competitive but the service and quality are way better! Cons:Seriously, I cannot think of any!
5	I have nothing but good things to say about this nail salon.  Superior service!  My nails turned out great.  The only downside is that it was somewhat expensive.  I will definitely go back!!
