5	As a new homeowner, it was important to find a pest control company that is reliable, affordable and easy to communicate with.  In the last couple months we have turned away many pest companies that have knocked on our door.  Karlie was the reason we chose to sign up.  We discussed our needs and she made sure we would be taken care of, the way WE want it done.  Their cost is way lower than the others who we have used in the past, and the ones who have contacted us recently,  the company itself is very customer oriented.  John the owner, called to verify our appointment and Michael showed up right on time to do our initial spraying. The chemicals they use are safe for pets "which was important to us since we have 2 rambunctious yorkies".  We are on an annual agreement with visits every 3 months...if we need anything inbetween, they will come at no additiional charge. This is a small business with a HUGE heart. I highly recommend!
5	These guys have been spraying my home for the past 3 yrs and I've never had any issues with bugs. Before them, I had tried 3 or 4 other companies that just weren't as reliable.The best part is they will work hard around your schedule. I usually leave for work early and they always show up before work, on time, and get the job done quickly. If you need a reputable pest control team, these are the guys! The price is super reasonable too!
5	this a great service and a good a fair company. they have spray my house for years and i have never had any issues. When i do need service he really quick about it. They do work with with it comes to spraying so then can meet your needs. Best  pest control in vegas.
5	Found this company through Yelp. Saw that they had great ratings. I scheduled 2 days ago & spoke to John for a quote. He gave me a great quote & was friendly/professional on phone. I told him that we have seen a couple spiders inside our home, a cricket here & there, & a black widow in our porch earlier this year, so it was time to get professional pest control (my spraying wasn't strong enough). I don't want to take any risks. Mike the technician came on time to my appointment. He was very professional & had a great attitude. He went to work right away. He was done pretty quickly & after spraying my garage, front & backyard, he explained to me to give him a call after a few days if I see any bugs, dead or alive, & he'll be happy to double check them. I highly recommend this company to everyone! Fast, efficient & professional. And to be honest, they had the best rates/plan compared to the other companies.
