4	Quick, friendly, easy. Gotta love easy shipping.  All the supplies are fully stocked and easily accessible.  Clerks are super friendly and helpful as well.  They made shipping my surplus of purchases back home to Jersey super easy.
4	Well, it's a FedEx store, so as you can imagine, it's pretty quiet. That being said, I've never seen less than 3 staff members on hand to help out if there are any issues. I've been in and out of this joint in under 3 minutes at least a dozen times. You can scoop up anything you need to send out a package and various office supplies if you break your scissors during a mid-day scissor fight.
5	I dont have a printer at home so I use this store to print, make copies etc. & the staff is always helpful in assisting wt problems I have as I am not very proficient as I should be in printing files. My only complaint is they are not open on weekends BUT I understand completely as Downtown is a "Ghost Town" on weekends as far as the business sector is concerned.
4	CJ, the manager, is awesome. He helped me figure out just what I needed. I had NO idea FedEx could do all the signs I needed, including window clings, posters, a vinyl banner and foamboard signs that can be contour cut!
1	Please when you go to this place watch for your belongings. Last time when I went to this place to print my boarding pass I left my sunglasses ($180 value) on the computer desk (a normal reflex when you have sunglasses hanging on your shirt, and you want to feel more comfortable doing some computer work), then I left the place after I was done. The place was empty except for the employee that was there in that early morning. It took me less than five minutes to remember and come back to retrieve my sunglasses. Guess what? They were gone. The employee was rude and of no help, she said she was at the front desk and she didn't know who would have been in the computers area after I left. That surprised me because when I first arrived to this place she was aware of my presence and she even asked me what I came here for (in a rude way of course). Anyway, when I asked her to show me  the surveillance video since they can't be lost that fast, she refused, and stated that my only option was to call 311 (not 911) to make police look at the surveillance video. I called 311, and they said they won't send nobody because of manpower shortage, but I can go to nearest police station to file a police report. I was tourist and didn't know much about the city. On my way, I stopped by a police officer who was sitting in her car waiting for her partner. She explained to me that in order to see the surveillance video they have to file bunch of paperwork, and they won't even be able to get what they want (seeing the surveillance video) for legal reasons; so my bet was to contact the manager, and follow that route. So, I left to my hotel room (I saved myself a trip to police station) and called this fedex place and requested to talk to the manager. The same employee answered the phone, and asked me for what happened with the police; she also asked for my name and phone number in case she came up with something. I said no, I need to talk to someone else in that business other than you since you were part of this awkward situation. Finally, she told me to call after a while to talk to the manager. I called later on, and the manager was nice; she said that she reviewed the tape, but there was nothing conclusive (I don't know what that means), but at least she showed some care. To cut all this short, I was expecting from this business to be more cooperative and more transparent to drive off any suspicion of any sort. So my advice to you, future consumer who may use this place, keep an eye on your belongings while doing your work.
1	I can sum up my experience with this business in one word: Understaffed. One staffer trying to assist ten customers is awful
