1	I took my son here for a quick bite before his hair appointment down the street. He had chicken & fries for $3.99 and I had 3 shrimp & fries for $1.99 with a breaded fish for 99 cents extra. The fish, shrimp, and chicken were average of what you would expect here...the fries on the other hand had a stale taste to them..kinda like they were left  open in the freezer and got freezer burn on them..they were not edible to me.However....the real kicker here was that while I was eating my food, I turn to look out the window and see a Long John Silvers employee out by the street waving a sign for their special for the day..and all the while she was smoking a cigarette...actually she smoked 3 cigarettes. I did wait until I was ready to leave and went and let the manager know how unappetizing it was to see this...all she was mad about was the fact that the girl was on the clock & smoking. People never cease to amaze me!!
1	My daughter took me to Long John Silver's, (attached to an A &W BTW), at my request for a belated Father's Day lunch. Boy...what a terrible mistake! I should have known better because several years ago I had pretty much the same experience. Thinking it was old oil to blame for the grease laden sponges they called fish and shrimp, I was sure this different location would be better. WRONG!!! Absolutely identical. I got the 2 piece meal which included 2 pieces of fish, cole slaw, fries and added 3 shrimp. The fish, shrimp and fries probably began previously frozen but hey...if you use old oil that you fried french fries, onion rings, hush puppies, fish and shrimp in, all day and night  long in, well.... YUK! I could feel my arteries hardening with each bite! The once 3oz. fish fillet was transformed into an 8oz. slab of battered lard as well as everything else that was fried. I know that economic times are tough but come on...use fresh oil and your customers will return in droves. There were only 2 other customers in the dual type restaurant.  Neither of us finished our meal! Total tab was $14.08 with 4 coupons received in the mail. (would have paid almost $20 without coupons) Needless to say, definitely my last visit to LJS ever. Hope I live long enough to continue to avoid them and hope you all do the same!
1	If you like your service really slow, especially in the drive-through, you will love this restaurant.  No matter how dead they are in the lobby, you will be sitting in the drive-through for ever waiting for your food.  Never stop here if you're in a hurry. I usually stop here only if I have 30 to 45 minutes to spare.  If there are two cars in front of you in the drive-through, expect to spend at least a half hour waiting to get to the window
