1	If you value life...never NEVER eat at buffet Fu Lam. I am appalled at what is served at buffet Fu Lam. The items served at buffet Fu Lam barley passes for "Americanized" Chinese food. Nothing seems fresh at Fu Lam. Please avoid eating here, eat somewhere else even McDonald's will do.
3	Nice place if you are hungry and in a hurry!Really no waiting to sit down and eat.Big choice of items too.Fu Lam also pays proper attention to keeping the hot food hot, the cold food cold and a serving utensil in each dish.The buffet is always kept clean and is replenished regularly.While not always the most authentic Chinese food, the menu items are always fresh and properly prepared.Try the chicken wings, they're really good.
1	Very disappointed.  Fu Lam used to offer good food at a reasonable cost but while the cost is still reasonable, what passes as food is not.  The last few orders were disasters.  The General Tao chicken was tough as nails, the Won Ton was tasteless and everything else was either overcooked or undercooked.  Fu Lam was one of our favourite places for take out as well as dining in but I'm afraid we've struck them off our list.  One bad meal can be excused, two gives you cause for pause but three?  That's pushing the envelope beyond what we find to be acceptable.
3	Ah, Fu Lam FrigWhat do you expect? This is your typical chinese food buffet.Don't come with expectations of golden dragons and culinary masterpieces. Just come with the munchies!Friendly staff and tasty food
1	Closed
2	Was there the other night, and since its reopening, I have found that the food is at least fine. Good variety, and with the sushi, sashimi, and rolls, (and delicious crab legs!) it works. The weekend price is a bit higher than I would like, but it's not horrible, by any stretch. I will be back, with normal expectations, and I will be satisfied. Very standard.3 stars for the food minus 1 star for repeated visits where staff gave old bills to avoid declaring all revenue and taxes. Disgusting. If you charge me tax, you remit the tax. It's simple, really.
3	the food was fine on a weekend but disastrous on a week day. the weekend price is just 2$ above that of the weekday but the food is much better. less than average customer service.
