5	If you want to support local business this is the place to go. New to Downtown, they are an eco friendly salon that provides a cozy neighborhood feeling. All the products are vegan friendly. The salts and pedicure scrubs are made locally by an energy worker,  the nail polish remover is made from soy, even the blow dryers are locally made.  The employees are very friendly, earthy, and easy going.  If you want a healthy alternative to all those toxic salons this is definitely some place worth trying.
5	For me this salon is perfect! Small and quiet, excellent products that are gluten-free and don't burn my nose. The woman who colored my hair did a fantastic job. The color was perfect! Clean, trendy and beautiful interior. A great experience.
5	Small and intimate salon on Vernon. Everything is chemical free and it's nice to be able to breathe fresh air for a change. Becca really knows her stuff.
1	Called to learn the color line they are using as I've experienced bad chemical reactions to hair coloring.  I was told it's an Italian line that I won't be able to find online information on.  When I asked again if they would tell me the line so I could do my own research on the color - I was told no - something about proprietary information.  ??
4	This branch of Pure Salon just opened last fall in midtown Phoenix on Vernon Ave near light rail and the Heard Museum. I go to Danielle for color/style and Becca for mani-pedi, etc. Both are excellent young stylists/ estheticians. I like the products they use and I have never been happier with my color. Go to Pure Salon if you want to get away from harsh chemicals. It's very easy and comfortable here and the girls are very sweet.
5	This was by far the best salon experience I ever had.  Deborah invested a lot of  time with me, helping me with all my hair issues.  I loved the music, the natural decor, and especially the clean air, toxic fume-free!  Why would anyone want to go to a salon that is not conscientious about the products they use?  After this experience, I will never do it again if I can help it.  I highly recommend Pure Salon.  My hair looks and feels great!
5	I LOVE Pure Salon! It's so great being able to get salon services without all the chemicals and harsh products.  I had come here for a Vegan/Organic pedicure before and was completely happy with my service so decided to come back and check it out for my hair.  I had a cut and color by Tara and she did an awesome job!  Loved everything about the service, Tara is great and my new favorite hair dresser!  I will definitely be returning when those nasty grays appear again. :-)
5	Best experience I've ever had at a salon. I absolutely loved everyone who worked there and even the other clients. Everyone was so friendly and I loved my cut and color too.I don't tend to like the experience of getting my hair done. I'm always self conscious, I'm not sure why; it's just my silly brain being silly in one of its many ways. I often like the product of getting my hair cut, but I don't like the process.I enjoyed the whole experience at PureSalon. They even gave me some cheese and crackers along with a glass of wine. Awesome! I'm totally going back. I think I'm in love.
5	I had my hair done by Brittany. She was nice and personable and I really enjoyed her. She did an excellent job on my full highlights with two colors and a trim.This was my first time at Pure and I can't remember the last time I was actually satisfied with my hair coloring, I walked out a satisfied customer. The salon was nice and small and the staff was very friendly. The products they use are amaizing, no harsh smells, or anything bad. I used to go home from other salons and wash my hair because I hated the smell of their products, these made my hair smell amazing. They also told me that I could come back with my baby ( I had been told by Toni and Guy in Scottsdale that I shouldn't bring my baby with me because she disturbed other customers) I am looking forward to coming back with her! Also I will reccommend this to anyone pregnant or with babies because there are no chemicals. I was so happy with my experience here and really enjoyed Brittany, I look forward to going back for my hair and my nails.Side note: Make sure you find the salon by going off Central, googlemaps lied to me haha.
5	I have never enjoyed going to a salon until I found Pure Salon!  I love the atmosphere, the location, the people and of course, my hair!!  Britney cut my hair and I absolutely love it!  I can come in for a free bang trim when ever I need, and they are so easy to make appointments with.  This is also the very first time I have purchased products from a salon and I can tell an amazing difference!  I love this place and they will have my business as long as I have hair:)
5	Brittany was my stylist. Did an amazing job. Very professional and friendly. The salon is beautiful and clean. They only use non harsh non animal tested products which is why i chose this salon on the first place. Very different experience from a traditional salon. As there are no offensive chemical smells or toxic fumes. I recommend this salon to anyone and i will definitely be back.
5	I had a facial here with Deborah.  I have to say it is up there with the best and I have been to many outrageous spas.  The atmosphere was warm, the staff engaging, and Deborah was very, very knowledgeable.  The products are primarily local from small vendors, and Deborah was not pushy, no hard sell here regarding "the need to use these products or I will age overnight!"  I hate when the staff does that beyond belief.  I will be a regular here, not as regular as I would like but as regular as outside factors permit.  Please give the place a try.
2	I wanted to love this salon - it's close - it's natural, etc - unfortunately it was not someplace I will return to - the stylist was one thing - I never got her name, she left bleach on my hair and when I said something all she did was give me a towel to dab it myself, when she was rinsing, I received another shower and when I was done I asked to not be blown dry but she didn't use conditioner or any hair oil (did I mention I was getting highlights??)  That I could have dealt with and would have IF the colour was beautiful - it wasn't - it was still brassy even after using a toner and unfortunately my hair is not in good condition still to date (10 days post treatment)  (and yes I have been highlighting/bleaching my hair for 15 plus years so I am familar with how it is after a colouring) - so I will return to my Aveda salon - if you are getting highlights look elsewhere - also I tried to email the owners directly but oddly enough the website does not have contact information except for phone - when I tried calling the owner was out of town - the salon is goregous though -
4	Went with a friend of mine this afternoon to get pedicures and we had a great experience. The place smells great with none of the nasty chemicals that assail the senses and induce immediate headaches like typical salons. They had a large selection of colors to choose from and took their time doing our toes. The quality of service received for the value paid was very satisfactory. These are nice ladies who take the time to get to know you while they do great work. Parking can be a bit difficult since it is a joint lot shared with adjacent businesses but we were lucky to find a space. So happy to have found an organic nail salon near to downtown Phoenix and will definitely be back!
