1	Great place to go in a stressful situation if you'd like to blow a couple grand and still not get a diagnosis!I took my then 14-year old cat to this clinic last year on a Sunday with uncontrollable vomiting.  She's an indoor cat with no history of ingesting foreign bodies.  The initial vet I spoke to x-rayed her and performed blood tests which came up negative.  She was admitted for "overnight observation" on a Sunday morning as her vet was not available until Monday.  I was awakened by a 4 am phone call from another vet advising she needed "emergency" surgery that would cost $3500.  Why?  He didn't know, but stated since her vomiting was not responding well to medication, it was best to do the exploratory to look for this mysterious foreign body.  I insisted she at least wait a few hours until she could get an ultrasound at the adjacent clinic when they opened.  The ultrasound showed no indication of a foreign body or any other internal problems.Later that morning, my own vet examined her and made an instant diagnosis of an allergic reaction to her new thyroid medication.   And yes, I had advised the emergency clinic of the medication, the dosage, and the length of time the cat had taken it, when I arrived.  She made a full recovery once back in the care of her regular doctor.  Had I not trusted my own instincts, I might have been influenced by the "expert" recommending this geriatric cat be operated on with no clinical indications. However, don't be concerned about unauthorized medical treatment.  You are expected to pay for every test and treatment BEFORE they will do it.  I do give this clinic one star as the cat did manage to survive.
4	Well, our 12 yo German Shepherd was acting wierd and we waited for about an hour at home before calling this location.  She was lethargic and had rapid breathing.  We took her in and the staff greeted us with gentle, kind words and was very concerned with her condition.  They took her back to get vitals and so on.  Within 3 min of being there and filling out paper work the tech ran out and said "we are losing her, do you want CPR?"  Without hesitation (and since we had no idea what was going on) we said yes.  The vet came out to talk to us.  She was very kind and knowledgeable.  She told us she most likely had a spleen tumor and she had internal bleeding (she took a sample from her belly). She told us it was grim and asked if we wanted to be with her while she put her to sleep.  We said yes, and the tech ran up and said she was slipping again.  We went back there and she was gone.  It was such a sad and fast-paced night.  The tech and vet were all very compassionate and understanding.  We were there for a total of 10 minutes.  When we went up front to pay the bill, I almost choked!  The CPR was $200 and the total bill (mind you there was no shots, just an IV for fluids) The total bill was $515.  We had no idea what was going on and hence the CPR was something we had to do.  Sadly, we lost our dog and paid alot of money.  But the care and the staff were superior and I felt the service was excellent.
5	I'll give them a 5 star in the context of what I was dealing with and my satisfaction with the outcome. I live in McCormick Ranch and often see dead rabbits in the road. It's sad, but it happens all the time. When walking to my mailbox I found an injured rabbit that was still very much alive. It's little heart was racing, but it couldn't move. I felt terrible for it and had no idea what to do. I moved it off the road and called this clinic. I explained the situation and expected to be rejected or hit with huge cost. The receptionist told me to bring the rabbit in and it wouldn't cost anything. I was so grateful that one way or another they would help with this animal's suffering. Unfortunately it died on the drive there so I cannot comment on how things would have played out otherwise. They took the animal from me and properly disposed of it. I can't imagine what I would have done without their help.
3	4 stars for this particular visit.I never thought I would have cause to update this review since I had found another emergency clinic should the need arise.  However, they open at 5 pm and my cat began seizing earlier in the afternoon (she has terrible timing).  When she didn't come out of it, I reluctantly took her back to EAC hoping for the best, but truthfully expecting her to pass before I got her there.  She was still seizing 30 minutes later, but alive....and EAC kept her that way.I suspected kidney failure (she's 19), but exam and blood work showed no obvious reason for the seizure.  They administered the appropriate sedatives to stop the seizure, kept her on fluids, and monitored her for the next 36 hours.  They suggested a neuro consult and made all the arrangements for her to be seen immediately at an outside clinic as well as an internal medicine consult at their own clinic.  We dealt with 3 different doctors and a handful of employees, and all seemed competent and genuinely caring.  We were also in the kennel area a few times and it appeared very clean.  They were also helpful when I called for advice after she was discharged.No one called in the middle of the night wanting to do some "exploratory brain surgery" this time either.  In fact, I confirmed that vet is no longer there which was quite a relief.
5	I found this place on Yelp after my 3-year-old Maltese was bitten by a pit-bull puppy on his nightly walk. He was shaken and had blood on his face but no visible bites. I didn't want to take any chances so I quickly pulled up Yelp and after calling to confirm I could bring him right in, drove to the clinic. It was a bit hard to find -- directly across (eastward direction) from Sauce -- but I might have just been too shaken. The vet tech behind the desk was kind and gently took him in the back room. After about 5 minutes, the vet -- Dr. Simpson -- and the vet tech came out with great news. He said he found no visible bite marks or spots where my dog appeared to be in pain. He said he was very confident my dog was not injured and either the blood was from the other puppy's teething or my dog bit the puppy. (The puppy had no blood or marks on her). So, what a relief! I thanked the vet and he explained they clinic was open all-night if we took him and something came up. He was SO kind and professional. I walked up the desk to turn in my patient/owner paperwork and expected to pya the $95.00 visit fee. Even though the vet only spent 5 minutes, given that it's an emergency clinic I just figured I'd owe the charge for the brief exam. The vet tech smiled and said there was no charge! I couldn't believe it! I know he didn't do a "compete exam" but he still could've charged me for his time and the visit. I hope I never need to go to an emergency vet again, but if I do I will certainly go to Emergency Vet Clinic. They have terrible reviews on Google but I'm not sure why. Thank you DR.SIMPSON!
5	Worried about my very sick dog, I entered the clean front office and was immediately helped by the receptionist and the assistant.  They rushed her to the back room , the vet soon came out and gave me the information about what she suspected and assured me that they had relieved the pain, while we made the decisions on how to treat her.  Very professional and  caring staff.  Just what we needed
4	It's Memorial Day and my family dog decides to take a turn for the worse, not even wanting to lift her head up after my mom frantically calls me to come over at seven in the morning to assess her.  Of course, our regular (and awesome) veterinarian isn't open so we decide to take our beloved Punky, an 11 year old Wired Hair Fox Terrier to this hospital.  Upon entering we are immediately greeted by the receptionist who takes our name and reason for the visit, while handing us paperwork to fill out. By the time we sit down, a veterinary technician comes out, listens to Punky with a stethoscope, and asks us to quickly repeat our reason for coming here. She decides she is very concerned about our dog and takes her to the back, through a door on the left, while we stay in the waiting room. Once the Vet assessed Punky, we got called into another room to the right were the doctor discussed what she thinks should be done. The bring you the Plan of Care  (aka the bill that breaks done the cost of the treatment) to sign off on/pay before they send you back to the waiting room. Love the configuration in the waiting room with the padded bench seats and the oddly designed three foot walls . I'm sure it helps keep all the beloved sick pets away from each other and it also gives more of a private feel (which is nice in the emergency/frantic state you are in) to us owners..Our Vet, Dr. Charity Gottfrefson, was very nice, patient, and very sympathetic. She recommended we consult a surgeon due to the complexity of Punky's case and that is where Dr. Brad Dixon comes into our lives. He was great explaining the pro's and con's of the surgery and even gave us a follow-up call two days later to check on her! Punky is slowly recovering, but thanks to the care she revived here, we have no doubt she will get back to pre-hospital state!
5	My dog, Riley, is a total disaster of a dog. She's so pretty, but there's not much there in the way of smarts. But we love her!So when she was bitten by a rattlesnake, I of course raced her here for treatment. The staff are extremely knowledgable, smart, friendly and forthcoming with information. They told me upfront that this was going to be expensive and all the different options. No beating around the bush, nothing vague or general, just to the point. It was great, totally got the hard part out of the way. She was treated with kindness by people who obviously love animals. Yes, it was expensive, about $1700, but obviously completely worth it. So remember when I said Riley isn't the smartest? Yeah, well two days after the rattler incident, she ate a bottle of midol. I again found myself back in the clinic. Most of the staff remembered her and treated me and her with the utmost in professionalism and concern. That was another $650. (I love my dog.. i love my dog...I love my dog .. I keep reminding myself...).Oy. Well anyway. I would reccommend this clinic to anyone with a pet in distress.
5	Had a great experience. DId not feel gouged or pressured and our dog got the proper treatment for dehydration.  Friendly staff. Prompt service. Special attention from Dr. Heinritz appreciated. Very professional.
1	This is a monstrosity to put it lightly. As I was merely the driver, (thank god if this was my dog I'm afraid what would of happend) an unbiased observer still it was frustrating and heart wrenching to watch the staff hustle a seventy year old man by means of guilt shame knowing the love of a pet will be there paycheck. A planned, practiced, conn executed by a team of poor actors who take full advantage of the misfortune of other human beings. Im disgusted and exhausted o disapponted shame on you pathetic heathens.
5	I have to give Emergency Animal Clinic 5 stars for their care and treatment of my beloved dog, Emma. Grief-stricken and tearful, I rushed into this hospital on a late Saturday afternoon, after coming home to find Emma bitten by another dog in our house in her abdominal/inguinal region. All the staff that I came in contact with from the triage stage through to the subsequent surgery were stellar. They were supportive, understanding and very patient with me. I am a healthcare provider for humans and I know that those qualities are very hard to find in staffing a hospital/clinic/office, etc... I definitely recommend this facility to anyone looking for good, honest, emergent pet care.
5	Even though we lost our beloved Roosevelt, I have ever confidence that the staff here did the very best they could. After his death, they even sent a condolence card.
5	The Staff at this location were SO nice and supportive when I brought my dying cat in early this morning. It is nice to have caring and empathetic animal people around when you have to go through this. I deal with this loss a lot in my line of work, but my own pets are my babies and this does not get easier. Thank You Scottsdale Staff for everything on this sad day.
5	As any pet owner knows, one of the most difficult decisions ever is to take a deep breath and decide the most humane and loving end-of-life scenario for a beloved pet. The time came for Peg and me this evening for our 15 yr old calico cat. Dr. Samantha at EAC (as well as the compassionate assistant in front) were the people that we absolutely needed in this time of our lives  Dr. S was caring, obviously interested in the best decision for our Trish, and helped us make a very necessary and painful decision. While I never wish decisions of this nature for anyone, if you are in need of support and a caring heart and head, I highly recommend this facility and Dr. Samantha!
