3	As asian buffets go, this is very worthwhile.   It has a new, sharp, clean, bright quality in the decor that extends to how efficiently and pleasantly the staff keep dish trays fresh and brimming with glistening choices.  It is remarkably seafood strong (mostly shrimp - - one downer was how tough the salmon felt when poked with the spoon), and otherwise heavily chicken oriented.   I don't like chicken, but many people seem to like chicken.    It is a bit of a salt-orgy, but if you pick and choose carefully (story of current degustatory civilization) it is an exceptionally well-run and bountifully arrayed buffet with remarkably high standards given the genre.
2	Everything tastes like the same Chinese-made for American taste buds. The restaurant that was here prior had far better flavor. It was overpriced for what you get but I guess there's quite a bit variety thus my two star rating. Also the remodelled look with neon lightsnis just tacky.
3	Nice buffet
4	Probably the best asian buffet I've ever been to!  They had a ton of different stuff, including sushi (which I didn't try) dumplings, soups and the usual buffet items.  Everything was very fresh and there was someone constantly checking on the freshness of the food.  I'd definitely go back!  PLUS the lunch buffet was only $7.99!
2	The fact that other reviewers say this is the best buffet they've ever been to scares me.  The offerings were pretty skimpy, and I was very concerned about food poisoning.  The decor is over the top cheesy and probably frightens small children.  That would explain the lack of other customers in there, minus a table of shady looking dudes who look like they were going to a drug deal after dinner.  Despite all of this, however, the bathrooms were pristine clean compared to World Buffet in Monona, and I did not get food poisoning!
2	BLAAAH. The servers were friendly is the only nice thing I can say. They had a Very noisy Mexican wedding in the back room that no one told us about. We went for our Grandmothers 80th birthday with a large group of 18. The food was semi warm and bland. 4 of our guests ended up not feeling well for 24 hours after. We will be ordering in next time.
1	My friends strangely loved going to QQ Asian Buffet, but I haven't the slightest clue as to why they'd trek all the way from downtown and west side Madison to this remote place. Maybe I lied. They probably just loved the notion of all-you-can-eat for $10, and taking a break from their frequent Fugu and Saigon adventures. But I myself hated it and dreaded having to go to QQ Asian Buffet all the time. Sure, $10 for a buffet dinner is great. But you get what you pay for, so what kind of quality will you expect? So, I'll admit the selection of foods here isn't under par. But their sushi is terrible, their Chinese foods are really oily and greasy, and their American food is unappetizing. I'm probably not alone in thinking this way because every time I've been to QQ Asian Buffet, there were lots of empty tables.
1	This place is scary, and here's why:1. There is an extremely long line of green mold growth on the ceiling in the dining room that has moisture drops hanging from it- I can't believe this place hasn't been shut down for this reason alone.2. Absolutely no pride has been taken in the maintenance of the dining room: the carpet is worn extremely thin and is rippling throughout the room and the booths have many tares.3. Perhaps most scary is the food: If the management takes so little care of the dining area, how clean and sanitary can the cooking facility possibly be??? Furthermore, the temperature of the majority of the food on the buffets is way too low (I'd say mostly room temperature)- well below the USDA recommended safe temperature for food.
1	a friend and i ate there yesterday. we love asian buffets and are always looking for good ones that we can look forward to going to over and over again. this wasn't it.  overall the place was clean. yes, the carpet was worn and stained, but that's why you don't use carpet in restaurants. it wasn't anything that would turn us away though. the tables were clean, clean bathrooms, etc. the selection of food was average to above average. the taste of the food varied but was not bad. there were  things that i liked the taste of, were it not for the temperature. i never expect "steaming hot" when i get food from a buffet, but it better be warmer than room temperature, which is what most of the food was. even worse, some of the beef and chicken items were cold, and i mean spit-it-back on-the-plate cold. i started having serious doubts about the safety of eating there. add to that the service. there was one male and one female employee, both just wearing jeans and t-shirts, nothing that matched or looked like any kind of restaurant uniform at all. they just grabbed random clothes from home and went to work. this isn't a big deal, but there was nothing that set them apart from customers, nothing to let you know that they were employees, and it just added to their overall unprofessional manner. actually, the male wasn't bad, he removed our plates fairly quickly and seemed somewhat pleasant. but the female just looked annoyed at having to work. no smile or greeting when she seated us, no smile the one time she came to our table to refill our drinks, took forever to bring our check, then no smile or even a "thank you." we couldn't wait to leave, and both agreed we'd never go back.
1	If there slow they won't switch out there food.. It will sit out until they run out and if there not busy they won't bother trying to refill it...
