3	Yeah, I wasn't crazy about their pizza, either. It was a typical doughy type pizza. I didn't have any of Darren's sub. The cannoli was decent. Delivery was pretty fast, though.
2	Mixed reviews. I love that I can order online. I typically use a credit card and it's just easier. I will choose a place with online ordering over a place I have to call. (typically). The very first time I ordered we (my girlfriend and I) thought the pizza was amazing. Tons of cheese (I didn't order extra cheese), greasy, good seasoning & all around flavor. The cheesy bread was amazing too! Sounds awesome right? Not so fast. Their website says 45 minutes for delivery. It took about an hour. Have ordered  from here about 7 times & only once, has it been on time. But hey, great food is worth the wait right?Sure, if it stayed great. The second time I ordered a pepperoni pizza with extra cheese. Yum?! And some cheesy bread. OMG hope it gets delivered fast! Haha. Nope like 15 minutes late. And guess what? It was horrible. My "extra cheese" had less cheese that the first pizza I ordered. There was like no seasoning, and it was ice cold. The cheese bread was under cooked, lacked flavor, and had a strange aftertaste. (Never figured out what the taste was). It looked great, but it was horrible. Think most of my $20+ order went in the fridge, then to the garbage can. Ordered zucchini on one of my orders. Not sure which one, but it was a greasy mess. No seasoning, no parm, overcooked, almost completely burnt, with no flavor. Disgusting. Back on a positive. I'm a ranch fanatic. I LOVE the HOMEMADE Ranch dressing but it is not worth 75 cents for a half filled tiny tiny ( I STRESS TINY!!!!)  cup of it. Once when I ordered the homemade ranch they sent non homemade buttermilk ranch. Was so mad being I payed for 75 cents each for 3 & they went straight in the garbage.3rd time I ordered, I just got a pizza. Late delivery, ice cold pizza. Overcooked, not much cheese, no seasoning, no flavor. Edible, but not good.4th time. Same as above. 5th time, same as above except the food came on time! I think even 5 minutes early, and was still hot. not much cheese, no flavor, no seasoning. Just eh.6th & last time. Late delivery, cold pizza. Mediocre, edible, nothing to brag about. No idea what happened but I'm very disappointed. That first time I ordered it was amazing. It still wasn't a (mineos) but it was great food. Every time since, has sucked. Seems they got rid of the garlic salt & w/e other seasonings they used. I probably will order from here again at a last resort. They deliver to my house, I can order online, and that's about the only reasons besides hoping it will once again be like it was the first time I ordered. It will be a good while before I order though. Preferably never but we will see.From what I see, they seemed to have had a Grand Reopening from failing before? Not sure if that's true but I don't see them surviving on the food they have been providing. Im hungry, picked up my menus to look through for something to order & decided to leave a review. Now I'm even hungrier from the wait and will find somewhere else to order from.
1	BEWARE AND STAY AWAY!!! HORRIBLE MANAGEMENT AND RELATIONS!!!!Today, I decided to ignore reviews and give them yet another try. Disappointed like I was 6 months ago, but I was hungry. I ordered a Greek pizza since Niki's pizza shop was closed. It came with gyro meat, tomatoes, onions, provolone and feta. I asked for no gyro meat since I'm vegetarian. The guy on the phone said "no problem". I asked if I could get extra vegetables in place of the meat since they would still charge me for meat anyway and he said "no problem, I'll make it good for you."55 minutes later (when I live 1/4 mile away), the driver calls and says he can't find my place. I said it's it's 4 blocks from you. So I I flagged him down and accepted the order and I tipped $25 on a $22 bill. I got inside the house and opened it, it smelled great, looked overly cheesy and heavy with none of the extra vegetables I was anticipating. I call the guy on the phone and he says I gave you extra olives and feta. I said "I didn't want extra olives or extra feta since neither of those are vegetables."  He said "i gave you extra tomatoes" and I said "that's a fruit and I wanted extra vegetables."  He argued continuously with me instead of asking how he could fix it, his response was to talk over me and tell me he gave me extra feta. I told him to pick it up and give me my money back. He refused and hung up on me. Never again! Read the reviews and take your fellow yelpers advice.  Stay away for the simple fact that your money should go to people who make food the way you ask.
