3	Qdoba is a chain of burrito/taco restaurants in Arizona.  They offer a savings card that allows you to earn points towards free food.   Tuesdays are the best day to go as it is double punch day on the card.  The Mesa location has been open for a few months and I have to say the staff is very friendly and a few times the girls behind the counters have had me laughing.   I find that always important when I go out to grab a quick bite.My favorite items there are their lime chips and their chicken quesadillas.  I like the fact they are not afraid to pile on the cheese.  I really like their chicken it's always tender and this is one of the few places where I like their quacamole.
2	People who compare qdoba to chipotle are seriously handicap. There are similarities but not enough to justify this statement. If I would have gotten a burrito and not seen it made I probably would have given it 4 stars because it's pretty tasty. (I was starving while pre thx giving shopping so I actually ate it, had I not been so hungry I would have left after looking at the food display)Everything had been sitting out so long it had a film, the guacamole was brown and crusty looking, everything else was splattered around the tins and left long enough for it to crust up. I came at 7 so that's a normal dinner time, even if it was slow you should be wiping all that crust crap. I think she saw the look of nasty on my face and tried to stir everything up but it was too late. The sweet girl working was like once you taste this you'll want to come back once a week. Hmmm maybe if things were fresh! Then when I got my drink there were lids in the lid dispenser that were filthy! They were brown- I was like "did someone step on these and put them back?" 5star service4 star tasteNegative stars for freshnessNegative stars for cleanlinessI probably won't be back unless they make some serious changes.Too bad bc it was cheap and pretty flavorful
3	Been here several times for lunch during work. The service is usually quick (unless there's a woman ordering 6 burritos in front of you). Burritos and nachos are pretty tasty, and since I've found things I like, I stick with them. Seems kinda pricey though--nachos and a drink came out to almost $9. Better than Taco Bell, obviously, but with their nachos being under $2...Apparently, they have some sort of reward program, but employees have never mentioned it.
1	UPDATE: This location is closed. Boo!
