3	Had to visit the place, not by choice. lol had a little accident and needed stitches. Called to verify hours and headed straight there. Bonnie was very nice and helpful. Wait was under 10min and $100 co-pay covered everything. Yelp offer for checking also covered my prescription for pain! I had a follow up visit 2 days later and same experience, no wait quick and friendly service.
4	Why do our kids get pink eye on the weekends and fevers after the pediatrician has closed? It's inevitable, so we run over here to get checked out. There's never a long wait, they are so friendly, and most of the time they can dispense the meds we need for our minor ailments and infections right there. No second stop at the pharmacy! Bonnie at the front desk is a dear, and she called this morning to check on my daughter after we took her in for strep throat. Nice touch! Only knocked one star off because we had a PA student do the exam solo, followed by the regular PA--would have preferred a joint visit to save time and having to explain it all twice (three times if you count the nurse). When you have a sick kid, you just want to get out of there and start the meds! :)
2	I've been going to this urgent care for awhile now. The reason why I didn't give this 1 star is because all of my experiences have been great, except for today. Worst experience ever. Waited almost 2 hours for the doctor, who I had never seen before, to be completely rude to me. She was very condescending and talked down to me. She also was telling me certain things about my symptoms which were not true at all and I had never said that. I called her out on it and she just looked down. My friend warned me about a certain doctor sending her home saying she just had a "cold". She went to a different doctor and it turns out she had a sinus infection and pink eye. Never going back again.
4	We live just down the street from this Urgent Care and absolutely love the staff and hours of operation.  We have an 8 1/2 month old and anytime we get worried something is wrong we take her in and they are always fast, friendly and professional.  I love that prescriptions can be filled right there at the location as well!  We will continue to use THIS Urgent Care as it has for exceeded my previous experiences with other Urgent Cares!!!
1	My wife went there for blood work for a her employment. She needed the results, and a very rude lady kept telling her that results hadn't come back. We had even received the bill from the lab, but still they wouldn't give her the results. After a couple if weeks, my wife went in and pretty much got on her hands and knees and begged for her results. They were for some reason very reluctant to give them to her, but finally did. We will never go to this urgent care again.
5	This place is the best their staffs very friendly and helpful you don't have to wait like emergency. My 9 months old son got virus cough and throwing up I took him there and they safe my son life. I am highly recommended them to everyone! Thank you Mary for safe my son life :)
5	This was absolutely the best experience I have had at an urgent care, and I've been to urgent care many, many times with my kids over the past decade. My teen had a fight with a volleyball at her team practice Friday. The ball won. That evening she bruised around her eye, and the next day during practice she was pulled because she had a headache and was a bit dizzy. This was Saturday, and we took her to urgent care to make sure she didn't have a concussion. Turns out she did not, but the doc was concerned about a possible facial fracture so sent in paperwork for a CT scan. Unfortunately this was over Labor Day weekend, so we had to wait until Tuesday. She explained what the bruising could mean, and also put her on an antibiotic and explained that if there is a fracture being so close to the sinuses there could be possibility of infection. I had no clue about any of this, so I as already grateful. On Monday (the holiday) they called to check and see how my daughter was doing. Today we went and got the scan, and within an hour I received a call from urgent care letting me know there wasn't a fracture. It was a great experience, and really appreciate how attentive and on top of things they seemed to be. It was better than my regular doctor.
