3	Located in the Wal-Mart Supercenter shopping center.It has been quite awhile since I last visited an Applebee's-I can't remember why.A very comfy sports bar feel, friendly service and good food.I ordered from the 2 for $20 menu which is an appetizer & 2 entrees. I ordered the spinach & artichoke dip w/freshly made tortilla chips.I also ordered 2 riblet baskets and a Fire Pit Bacon Burger.The food was very good and the service was friendly & efficient. For a family of 3 under $40.
5	Wonderful service. Good prices. Wonderful selection. A clear choice for "Designated Hitter" status that satisfies on all accounts.^^^ the story is short.vvv the story is long.Ok, so we're hawking a bunch of chicken and burgers with some beer. No big deal. Everybody knows Applebees. But I got really good service and the bar is stocked to the hilt...plus, there's a really good deal going on (appetizer and two entrees for $20 or something like that...tons of food).Bottom line: great service and great food. No, this is not Capo's on Sahara. Big deal. But they *do* have Grey Goose and 3 Olives vodka and Pyramid Hefe Weizen and a bunch of other recognizable beers on tap and really tasty food. You really can't go wrong here. Visitors to Las Vegas should really focus on something more exotic, but for us locals...this is duh place, baybee! Oh, and wonderful happy hour specials from 3-6 pm and after 9pm.
4	Applebee's has long been a neighborhood bar & grill we enjoy frequenting because of the amazing deals they have like the 2 for $20-share an appetizer & dessert plus get 2 entrees. NOW that's a price fixe 2fer.Unfortunately this time around they didn't have any specials so we all ordered off the menu and it costs over $60 w/tip!! What a difference a special makes:)We decided to go with an appetizer some chicken fingers and a NY steak dinner. The fingers were good, better than most bars in #Vegas-The steak was right on, a great piece of meat cooked perfectly and seasoned well with a great mushroom & garlic add-on.The service as always was outstanding...they are always on top of it no matter when you go or how busy it gets.I know this is a "chain" place but I keep it on my radar for cheap + consistent!!! Always happy when I leave.ALWAYS good in the neighborhood :)
1	Not recommended. The food was awful. I had the Orange Chicken bowl. I'm pretty sure they used sawdust to batter the chicken before they fried it. It was really poor. The music was loud and obnoxious. A complete mismatch with the octogenarians that filled the place. Mercifully for them, their hearing was probably dulled with the passing years. Sadly, mine has not. Also, I don't think most of them were particularly interested in the UFC review that was on the three or four TVs tuned to Spike TV. The service was cheerful but annoying. I can't remember the last time I encountered wait staff so intent on up-selling. I've had my arm bent less at timeshare condo expos.
2	Ok, with all the advertisement and commercials on tv, I've wanted to try Applebees for awhile. When we walked into the restaurant, it wasn't crowded at all. The bar had. a couple of people and only a couple of tables were filled. First of all, service was very slow. It wasn't busy so I couldn't figure that one out. Secondly, I thought it was a little odd that our waitress kept sitting down at a table diagonal to our where a baby and man were eating periodically. Later, I realized that must have been her baby and significant other. Even if the restaurant was slow, I thought that was unprofessional. We got the meal deal for $20 that came with an appetizer and two meals. The mozzarella sticks appetizer was pretty good but just like any other place. I got steak which I asked for medium rare and it was cooked well the steak was pretty chewy. My companion had some pasta dish that wasn't so good. So overall, price was about the only thing that was good. It kind of reminded me of chili's but I thought Chili's back home in Hawaii was better. it seems like it would be a good family place. But I definitely was disappointed.  ^_^*~
5	food was excellent, i had lime chicken and swapped the pico de gallo for mashed potatoes. small sundaes were a good size and didn't make us feel like we had to waddle away.  the only annoying thing was the waitress calling us honey sweetheart dear baby. ick.
1	Yesterday my Mom, took us to lunch at this Applebees  after shopping at Target in Boca Park, it was empty at lunchtime, about 1:30 or so on Labor day. My two small children were "starving" so I ordered their Meals First.. they came out with My mom's Steak, about 40 minutes later ! New waiter, he introduced himself as...... the food was O.K The wait was sooo Long. The place was empty. No Mgr in sight ! What Happened Applebee's? You used to be a kid friendly place ? It sucked.
5	Emancipation A bad apple spoils the bunch. Well, at this apple we had a great lunch!  Seems that a lot of people think that the quality of the food at applebee's is not as good as other restaurants to the point that when they're reviewing a restaurants they didn't like, they  always say that the quality of the food was as bad as that of an applebees....STOP THAT! LEAVE APPLEBEE'S ALONE! Well, not really; You have to try the asiago pepper  corn  sirloin steak Served with steamed Herb potatoes and vegetables. wow! Is as good as any Delmonico's steak! ( :-) ) also you should try the grilled Dijon chicken & portobellos!  Mmmm as good as Mon Ami Gabi ( :-) ) ....I know; apples and oranges but that's my point.  service was great, waiter (Alex) was friendly and food brought to us in a timely manner. Drink refilled constantly and waiter checked on us one too many times.  This is a family restaurant but it has a full bar and they show most of the games, we got to watch soccer when I was there, couldn't be at a better timing! The place is very spacious and very clean, good for big families. And the best part! You pay Applebee's prices for (your favorite restaurant here) quality food. Usually you get what you pay for, but in this case you'll get more apples per pound. They also have the meal deal for two for twenty dollars! Wow! you can't even find that at your local supermarket.                                                                                                                     Now you know!
4	Good service. Otherwise it's just another Applebee's. If you've seen one, you've seen them all.
3	The food was good, but I order an appetizer and they brought it out with my food. I expected or receive my appetizer before I my maine meal. Over all had fun I only gave 3 stars because it's an average place to eat nothing special.
2	It took way to long for us to get our food.
2	It's your typical Applebee's. Standard American food. A-OK quality and atmosphere. Let's be realistic, we can't have high standards when we go to establishments like these ;). Unfortunately, this particular experience was noteworthy in a negative way. We had a terrible server :(. Whether servers are new or not, if they are not ready to be on the floor, there should be more training before they're working on their own. We were this particular server's ONLY table and it took way too long to get our drinks, soup and salad, and our meals. She seemed lost and kept forgetting things. I've been a server and bartender for almost 14 years now. If you do not have the capacity to take care of 1 table at a time, this may not be the job for you?? Needless to say, the experience was frustrating and we must've been there for nearly 2 hours just to grab a "quick bite".
5	This place is great! I come here all the time. The service is excellent, and the food is always great. Great for locals.
4	This location is set up alil different then any other Applebee's I've been n
2	Awful food and service. I won't be back. Too much for Dennys grade food.
3	Quick and easy take out with friendly service. The food is the same as other Applebee's, this location was just more convenient than driving further downtown.
1	BADDDDD SERVICE!!!! Didn't serve drinks in time coffee was cold asked for napkins and never got them I do not recommend eating there at all?!?!
3	I think this might be the best Applebee's in town. I have bad customer service problems at others in town but this one always seems to have great staff.
2	My friend and I have lunch here pretty often.  After today we will be taking some time away. The food is pretty good but some of the new staff have much to be desired. The tables are not clean.  The staff sits around talking while they should be cleaning. Their personal hygiene is not a priority. A young man came to our table to take our drink order.  He looked like a homeless guy off the street.
3	I come here pretty often with my daughter after gym class. AGAIN...how do you rate a chain restaurant like Applebee's, you know what youre gonna get. This one at Boca Park is always quiet and friendly perfect for doing some late homework and a glass of wine.  The food reminds me of how kids eat.  I like it here..quiet, never crowded and great service, I don't know if that's good for them, but great for me:)
3	Went here on Sunday for Mother's Day. The staff was friendly enough, we were seated right away, and had drinks brought out pretty quick.The food though, it's Applebee's - expect mediocrity and you won't be disappointed. However, sometimes, they still manage to disappoint. Their fish and chips is nearly $13.00 for three small chunks of fish and a small order of fries. Not worth it at all. The steak was a bit tough and not that flavorful. For pre-prepared food, heated to order, it isn't horrible, but not really good either.You get what you deserve going to Applebee's.
1	No only have we waited 8 min for someone to come over and take our drink order.  She tried to tell us we can only have the appetizers in the bar!!!!! WTF GET YOUR MANAGER NOW!!!!!
2	My family used to go to Applebee's as a dinner so I've been to many different ones. This was by far the worst one. When me and my guest arrived there was hardly any business. We ordered our food and drink fairly quickly because of the 2 for $25 deal they offered. When our food came out they didn't bring my guests toast. When we asked for it, it began to get busy and then we were completely ignored. Not only did we have to ask several times to get our toast and check, but we received them together after I had already finished my food and my guest was almost finished. I will not return.
1	So just bc this place is not busy should not mean that the waitstaff should ignore the customers. Then all of a sudden it talked two people to bring ur food out.
3	Stopped by for lunch yesterday because I heard they were doing AYCE crosscut ribs to promote the new menu item. The ribs could be ordered as a single order for $11.99 or AYCE for $13.99 so it's a no brainer which one I picked. Before showing up I was a little unsure what crosscut ribs were exactly...apparently they are a rack of ribs that have been sliced...which means the bones are flat shaped. There are 3 different sauces to choose from: Asian sweet chili, smokey chipotle and honey BBQ. They all sounded good so I was sure to try all 3 of them. The orders come with a full order of fries each time although the amount of ribs you get is less each time. The ribs were a lot more tender than I had imagined and they're definitely not as dry and chewy as rib tips or riblets at most other places.Service was mediocre, mainly because I was seated at a table in the bar area so the lone bartender had to run around serving everyone. It took a while to get the server's attention each time but when I finally did, my refills and food orders came out pretty quickly. The manager saw that I was having the new ribs and stopped by to chat and see how I liked themThe restaurant overall was fairly clean and quiet, which is different than locations I've gone to in other cities. This was probably my first lunch at this location in over a year but I seem to remember that service was more efficient the last time I had a weekday lunch here.
3	My family and I have frequented this Applebee's so many times for family events-birthdays, late night talks, etc.The service varies from time to time. I have been where it was an empty restaurant and waited for 45 minutes before someone asked us for drinks and another 15 before we got up and left because the drinks never came...I have also been where the service is great. We have a party of 20+ people at times and get excellent service. I have to give a shout out to blondies :) yes this desert is incredible. It's probably the #1 reason I go to Applebee's. Middle of the night sister crisis-calls for blondies and coffee. Lol :) everyone should try a blondie at least once :-)
1	Food was okay. I got the build your own sampler with spinach dip(the best ever) and sliders (okay) and steak tortillas (okay). The one thing that really sucked was the long wait for the waitress. We were in the bar area and the waitress Ashley... I don't think she mulit task. It took her a while to get our drinks, take our order and then the people that came after us got their food before us and even left before us because we were waiting so long. We literally waited 20 minutes before someone got our check.Don't think I'll be back at this location...
1	Came in to enjoy a nice meal instead I got the worst service EVER !! To start the host asked if we wanted to sit in a booth or at the bar then he said they had no booths so sat us at the bar clearly seeing plenty of available Booths After being sat and asked what we wanted to drink(we ordered water with lemon)we waited ten minutes and had to ask our server/host a second time,after waiting another ten minutes we asked another server for some water she went to the back to tell our server when he returned he brought us our water and replied with a smart remark "here is your water don't trip" then when we ordered our meal the burger came out dry when I ordered it medium when the waiter said pink or no pink that's all we have,the menu said it came with endless fries when we asked for more fries the waiter charged us for another order of fries which we never received also while we were eating a manager(female)was speaking with our server about another situation a few feet away from our table which should be discussed privately. When we received the bill we waited till we saw the manager(Greg) when we discussed what was wrong with the bill he apologized and and offered 50% off the bill and free dessert when we waited for the Deseret our waiter(kelly p a male server) was making jokes outloud and laughing with the bartender calling us dessert faires intending we complain at diff restaurants to get free dessert, when we payed and were about to walk out our server talking outloud with the female manager says outloud "it's because I'm black and have aids hahahaha I'm just kidding it was a sexist joke" who says that at a restaurant and infront of guests. This will be the last time I ever eat at a Applebee's establishment ever again !!!!!!
