5	What a honor it is to be the first to review the Bell Centre (or should I say Centre Bell).  Although it will forever in my heart be the Molson Centre (or should I say Centre Molson).      The first time I came to the then Molson Centre was in 1997 when it was relatively new.   J'adore le sport du hockey, and as one of a small minority of Americans that worships ice hockey I respect this building and this cities passion for hockey more than can be expressed in words.  The building itself looks like a warehouse from the outside, but it's actually very beautiful on the inside.  And it's HUGE!!!  The barn holds over 21,000, making it one of the largest NHL arenas.  In order to pack that many people in, however, the seating in the upper levels is STEEP.  How steep you might ask?  I've literally seen someone throw up once and I've encountered several people who were afraid of heights that felt uncomfortable sitting up high. It can feel like you could fall out of your seat and onto the ice.    It's amazing looking at all the Stanley Cup banners and retired numbers in the rafters, and if hearing 'O Canada' sung in French (partly in French anyway) doesnt give you goosebumps, you simply have no heart.  As a Devils fan, I come back every year to watch Montreal's native son Martin Brodeur give Les Habitants a proper spanking (sorry Habs fans, had to get a dig in).   Le Centre Bell also has pretty good acoustics for a large building.  I saw U2 here and was impressed with how good the sound was.  One of the coolest things about the place is that you can walk from downtown Montreal all the way down to the Bell Centre underground, which really pays dividends in the Montreal winter when it's 5 degrees Fahrenheit with a windchill of -23F.Le Centre Bell receiving 5 stars is a no brainer.
4	Looks just like the ACC inside. I saw Habs vs. Islanders. Pretty good game. It was 4-0 Montreal win, saw a fight, and a guy get taken off on a stretcher. Anyway, there's beer there...lots of beer. Also, the French know how to watch a hockey game.
4	Just over a decade old, the former Centre Molson is the home to the Montreal Canadiennes. I love this place. It's hard to judge an arena since they are fairly generic but this one has appeal.  The frosty Molsons may help.  I have had the pleasure of seeing three concerts here. 2 Depeche Mode shows and Our Lady Peace with Finger Eleven.  The acoustics are great and the staff/security was relatively friendly.
5	Nice venue!  I saw Celine Dion here and there's nothing quite like 22,000 crazy Quebecois who love their native girl.  Despite the massive volume of people at the event, the crowd flowed smoothly and there wasn't much of a backup anywhere.  Found my seats easily each time I went, and the security checkpoint was QUICK!  High marks to them for organization.  My only complaint was the restrooms... too few restrooms, and the water pressure for the toilets was horrible due to way too much usage all at once.  There were more women in attendance than men, so maybe that was why it was so bad.
3	Pretty decent place to see overrated Euro-pansies get bounced out of the second round of the playoffs.ICE BURN
5	Quebec -- La Belle Provence indeed.  This Yank's love affair with Montreal began when I stopped fearing Celine Dion and finally trudged north of the border.  Of my many trips I've hit the Bell Centre a few times... though I still call it the Molson Centre.  My first time was for Depeche Mode's Exciter Tour in 2001.  I sat near the side of the stage and not only had a great view of my favorite band but dancing before my American eyes was a floor full of Quebecois dressed in black holding lit sparklers for some time.  It was quite the scene and not one which my country would permit.  Then there was Celebration 2002.  Celebration 2003.  And Celebration 2005.  There's something magical about ringing in the New Year in a professional sports arena featuring some of the world's greatest DJs until noon the next day. My memories are better than the venue itself.  But that's okay.  The heart wants what the heart wants.Viva La Quebecois, _C$
3	In addition to being a decent place to watch overrated Euro-pansies get smashed by Philly in the second round it's also a decent place to watch Alex Kovalev sit on the bench while Carey Price (Jose Theodore 2.0, not Roy's second coming) gives up a half dozen goals.
4	I'm a big hockey fan so when I visited Canada, I tried to do as many hockey-oriented activities as possible.  When my friend and I decided to visit Montreal, I insisted on getting a tour of Bell Centre.  Technically this place is not the old, historic Montreal Forum that hosted the famous Montreal Canadiens from 1926 to 1996, but I enjoyed seeing it anyways.Apparently, for the 100th anniversary of the Canadiens, one of the entrances was redecorated.  There were four statues of famous Canadiens including Maurice "Rocket" Richard and plaques on the ground commemorating the top 100 Canadien moments.  The website said nothing about where you're supposed to meet for the tour, but we figured out that one needs to buy tickets in the Canadiens gift shop and wait for the tour guide there.  There are two English tours a day.  The gift shop was quiet nice.  You could pick up a lot of historic Canadien gear.  I bought a 100th centennial puck.  The tour itself was pretty neat.  We got to see the reporter's lounge, a view of the arena (where they were setting up an French version of American Idol), luxury box, alumni lounge, etc.  The big deal was seeing the Canadiens dressing room!  That's the advantage of taking the tour in the summer when there's no hockey.  Our guide was very well informed and had worked for the Canadiens organization for over 20 years.  Our tickets were discounted because we couldn't see a few dressing rooms (due to the American Idol-clone show).  Aw, who cares... I got to see the Canadiens dressing room!
5	The best place to watch hockey ever.Montreal fans are ridiculous. No matter who the Canadiens are playing, you can bet that every single seat will be occupied with screaming drunk fans cheering on their beloved Habs and yelling obscenities at the opposing team. Highly recommend regardless of your hockey interest or familiarity!
5	Great venue! Attended a Bruins/Canadiens game and was blown away by the experience - so much better than the TD Garden. Hockey is the show at the Bell Centre and there isn't a lot of nonsense like most areas. Observations:1) Many beer options; most go w/ the 16oz Molson EX cans for ~$7.50 and these are available from vendors in the stands. 25oz Molson M cans are also available at select locations, but are $12ea!2) Bathrooms are HUGE, but are mostly hallways and not many urinals. Strange3) That one player on the opposing team who the fans have decided to boo. Every single time he touches the puck. Every time.4) Very rare for people to get up during the periods; most wait until the intermissions. 5) Brutally difficult to get tix. Had to pay 100% mark up.
5	Wow, this place is super huge and a lot of fun!  Hockey is the sport here and its sooo amazing to watch at the Bell Center.
4	This hockey arena is any NHL fan's wet dream come true. It's comfortable, spacious and has the highest seating capacity in the league, along with the most prodigious franchise in the sport making for a very unique and incredible experience. I've been there to see my beloved Boston Bruins play the Canadiens and although the tickets were very expensive ($150 per ticket), all five of us had an absolute blast there. The beers were tall boys, making for a drunkenly, wonderful time and the fans love their local team and it shows, but all in good fun. Honestly, the people were way nicer to us than we are to them when they come down.Each game starts with a video introduction that takes up the entire ice and lasts about 20 minutes as they introduce every single player who has ever played for the franchise, while spotlighting a certain few with video highlights of some of their best plays. I think that the only downsides to this arena are the fact that the tickets are exorbitantly expensive and due to some poor engineering, some seats in the upper deck have obstructed views due to the press boxes hanging in the way, preventing some fans from seeing any of the scoreboard and/or part of the ice.But despite these few negatives, this place blows away the TD Bank Garden and most if not all of the other arenas (expect maybe for Pittsburgh newest one which just opened this year).I cannot wait to return this upcoming January for another game.
4	My Bell Centre countdown:   5: Goals scored by Canadiens. (They beat the Islanders - Go Habs Go!)   4: Beers consumed.   3: Smoked meat sandwiches consumed.   2: Carb-loaded products consumed (one pretzel, one order of fries).   1: Hot dogs consumed.   0: Regrets.Going to a hockey game in Canada was definitely one of the highlights of our trip to Montreal. I hesitantly suggested it to my wife, but much to my surprise she was as excited about the idea as I was!The only seats available were in the "Club Desjardins" section. These tickets include food and soft drinks; in addition to what I gorged myself on, they also have nachos, pizza, and ice cream -- standard sports arena staples. I thought the smoked meat sandwiches were quite good, the rest was the same stuff you get everywhere. The lines were looooong (hey, it's "free" food), but did move pretty quickly. Definitely staffed by the A-Team of concessionaires. There's also a free coat check, which is handy.Beers were expensive -- tall boy cans of Molson Export were $10. I mean, I expect drinks to be expensive, but it's not a good enough of a beer to be $10. Also, why are they serving Molson Export *in* Canada?I also realized the hockey is serious business in Canada. If you're trying to get back to the seat while the game is on, the ushers will actually hold you at the entryway until a stoppage in play. They're supposed to do this in the States too, but I've never seen it happen.
3	Perfectly adequate arena. My only complaint is signage. The exits need to be labeled much clearer and the directions to your seats/section right when you walk in the front doors could be much clearer. It was a complete clusterfuck getting in and out of the building because of the confused masses.Sound system is great, the jumbotron is more amazing than any HD TV I've ever seen, and the huge projection screens are also great.
5	This place is a palace!I love the arena.  The banners of championship teams, retired numbers, and even the Montreal Expos retired numbers are awe inspiring.  There is also a picture of a Canadiens great above every section.  I was lucky enough to be sitting in the Jacques LeMaire area (Go Devils!).The game I came to see was vs the Sabres and it was a 2-0 loss.  I really wanted to experience a goal, but it was a great game.  I had gotten myself a Brian Gionta (ex-Devil) jersey and rooted for the home team.The concourse was huge, packed to the gills during intermissions.  Luckily the bathrooms were also huge and clean.  With enough places to go, it moved quickly.  The Molson was good, and the concessions were plentiful.  The place is always sold out from what I understand, and it looked amazing.It was easily found from my hotel and a fairly short walk.  Just get your tickets early, I got mine on Stubhub and paid double, which I heard wasn't too bad.I cannot wait to go back!  Hopefully I can see a game vs the Devils, before Brodeur retires.
5	I've been to the Bell Centre five times in my life for Canadians games. All five times I left in awe!!! The place is HUGE with a 21,000 capacity for sporting events, and I'd guess an additional 3,000 for concerts. The air inside for hockey is electric! Location is prime too. You can get to high quality hotels, Casino de Montreal, delicious restaurants, fun pubs, and great shops all within walking distance or a short taxi ride. The concessions and bathrooms are well placed and reasonably priced (for being an arena).The only negative I have is that for 21,000 seats the concourses are so narrow! It will take a good amount of time to get out if you stay till the end.This place is a must see if you ever get the chance to take in a game or concert in Montreal!!!
5	Do I need another reason to give it 5 start other than the habs play here? OK well they have great concerts and the place is gorgeous.
4	I have to start off by saying that I love the Bell Centre for Montreal Canadiens games. I've been to a few different arenas, but none compare to the atmosphere that you get here in Montreal. Fans on their feet, beer in their hands and usually a pretty good game on the ice.Unfortunately, for concerts, I'm not the biggest fan. First of all, if you're sitting at the top of the reds or higher, it's almost impossible to make out the lyrics of the opening bands. The sound is usually a bit better for the main act, but even then, not very impressive. Although, the sound quality from the floor is good. There have been a few too many times that something goes wrong with the lines to get in, like the time they delayed entrance to the floor for so long that about 50% of floor ticket holders missed the entire opening act (one we actually wanted to listen to), or that the mics cut out, or that security isn't very helpful when in need of help like a girl who passed out next to me. If you're visiting Montreal or are from the city, you can't miss it! Go see a show or a hockey game, you won't regret it, but I would suggest spending a bit more money to get lower seats for concerts.
4	Home of the the greatest franchise sports team in North America, and the 24 time champions of the Stanley Cup: The Montreal Canadiens. Packing a sold out arena of 22,000 fans every Habs home game is a great experience, however I'm not quite a fan of the location for concerts and smaller venues - somehow it just doesn't do it for me.I love the Express Exits that they have - wish other arenas had the same.
5	Great environment for hockey!  Bravo Montreal, what a great city and great fans.  (just don't give up on them when they are struggling - the booooos don't look good on you)
5	The premier place to see a hockey game. I loved every minute watching the Canadians against the Hurricanes. Great atmosphere, great fans. The only knock would be the concessions. Oh well. Oh, and beer is crazy expensive. We're talkin 10.50 a beer.
4	2nd time here for a habs game.  it was great again.the french hip-hop played during commercial breaks and stoppages made my girl go loopy.  she loved it.the food selection, however, was WEAK AT BEST.  easy to get to as the metro drops you right underneath.  word!
5	Centre Bell isn't the nicest arena's I've been to and it's not the biggest stadium I've been to but absolutely NOBODY can argue that they house some of the greatest fans in North America.Whether it's a hockey event, a big fight you'll be guaranteed that the crowd will hold down their fort and minimize the amount of visiting fans, yes I'm looking at you other Canadian cities!!!!! as well as cheer on their hometown team or stars.  There's not a lot of places with this much emotion, fun and pride all the time and not just when their team is doing well.  For that MTL I give your Centre Bell a 5 star review.The concerts here are cool to and with any arena there comes a level where it's difficult to make out the band but you have to expect that!With 95% of arena's the food sucks and is overpriced. ;)
5	Been to many concerts there! Pretty cool place!
4	Nice. Modern. Clean. Great place to watch a game. There are very few "bad" seats. Extraordinarily expensive, because they can. Can't fault 'em for that. Hat tip to those who manage, coordinate, and work private hockey rental events for their professionalism and efficiency. Great work.
5	visiting this amazing NHL experience was amazing esp for a die hard hockey fan! in the heart of Quebec Montreal is this historic original 6 hockey arena!!
4	This is one of the premiere arena's in the NHL and very well organized and modern.  Sure they soak you $11 for a can of beer and food is equally expensive but that's how they make money! This place oozes hockey heaven for Quebeckers.  I've been here to see concerts in the past (John Mayer, U2 and Bon Jovi) and acoustics and sightlines are excellent!
1	Was just there for the first time this week end and being a Habs fan, what a disappointment.  Tiny, narrow hall ways (possibly even dangerously narrow given the size of the crowd) .  It was dingy, grimy....Air Canada Centre is 10 x nicer than what I saw in Mtl.....even Buffalo's arena is nicer. Only saving grace was that the habs  won but I was really disappointed with the stadium. You would think the greatest hockey team in the world would have a nicer home than that!
4	I'm not a hockey fan so this review is based entirely on my experience here for concerts and shows like the Cirque du Soleil.  The seating is comfortable and even if you don't have the best seats you can still have a pretty good view of the stage.  Sometimes if you're really lucky (as I was when I came for the Cirque) they might even upgrade you to significantly better seats just like that (we got upgraded from the nosebleeds to the floor).  I'm pretty sure it's the kind of thing though that happens once in a blue moon so don't go expecting it and given how it's pretty full during hockey nights I imagine it never happens when the Habs play.My main complaint is the price for food and drink.  $11 for a Coors is absolutely ridiculous and overly expensive even by stadium food standards which is generally overpriced to begin with.  Your best bet is to eat before you go.
4	Excuse me while you try to find your seats... I'll just be here in the company loge! Okay, so I had it pretty good, being waited on by a young hostess, treated to glasses of wine and super comfortable seating in our own private box. Who could complain?I had not been to the Bell Center. Ever. Not once. Not only are there no shows I was interested in seeing, I find the ticket prices to be outrageous. So, imagine my surprise and delight when I get invited to come to the Cirque de Soliel Varekai gratis! First. Let me start with access. It is great. Don't bring your car downtown, just take the metro. Attached to the Bonaventure metro station, access to the Bell Center is fast and easy. I love that. Mind you, the loges entrance will take you outside as there is no direct access from the metro to that section of the arena, probably because private parking is included for most of the loges, so... no need to slum it with the STM.The rest of my experience is with the loges and privileged access, so it might be irrelevant unless you are lucky enough to have a friend with connections. Or maybe you win some. Who knows.Once you head off the stairs and into the loges entrance, it ends up feeling very much like a big convention area. A swanky convention centre, but with the same aesthetics. Leather seating, employees dressed like flight attendants. A bank of manned elevators takes you to your floor and you walk down the corridors like so many hotels looking for the right box number.When we arrive, we are greeted by a sweet hostess. My friend knows her, as she's served this box many times before, and greets her, the kids and I by name. AAAHH! She takes our coats and immediately warms us up with a glass of red wine. Oh, yes, I could get used to this!The room is small, with a little kitchenette and a washroom just past it. There is leather seating, a bar overlooking the stage and then several traditional arena seats that jut out towards the stage. At this height, we can see the full stage, we can see the track lighting and most of the "above the scene" action. Kind of cool, for me at least, since I had seen Varekai before. The show was great, not as great as I remembered it, but still quite good! I was afraid that being so far up, we wouldn't be able to see everything, but in fact, seeing the show was not an issue at all. And that fact that we had kids with us, and that I had 3 glasses of wine, the bathroom, that came in very handy! Very handy indeed!So, I don't imagine wanting to see many shows at the Bell Center, but if I ever did again, I would not hesitate to head to my friends loge for the treat. Would I get into, what I can only imagine is a cramped seat? Nope.
4	For the ice hockey fans, this is the ONLY temple of this great sport !!!! With around 21'000 seats, this is probably the biggest hockey  arena in the NHL. Believe it or not, even if the price of the tickets are quite high, it's sold out for every games.Every time I go watch a game at the Bell Center, which is unfortunately only once a year at max, I buy tickets in the red section in line with the faceoff line of the skating rink. For me this is the best area to enjoy the show.The ambiance was just great during the game. Here, in Montreal, the team has without any doubts the best fans!! They are also quite demanding but hey that's part of the game. With the years many players said that they could feel quite a pressure when playing in Montreal. The Fans will treat them like gods if they play well but they can be very nasty if the players do not perform like expected!I bought once a ticket for a seat located on the very last row up next to the roof, and I would never do it again. The view was partly blocked by the press gallery and you could barely see the puck. Still if you are stopping by Montreal on a game night and you've never been there, buy a ticket even if it's up next to the roof. You will still enjoy the evening.The only reasons I've put 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the outrageous food prices! I was shocked. A "trio" which includes a beer, a hot dog and a potato chips bag cost the crazy price of 21 Canadian dollars!! This is simply a slap in the face of the fans who already paid good money for the seats. I just don't get it, it costs almost the same price to buy a t-shirt (29$)!!! Somehow the prices of the souvenirs seemed more reasonnable. Oh and by the way there are many souvenirs shops in the arena if you want to buy the shirt of your favourite player!All in all I had a great evening, the Montreal Canadiens won, which was super great since it's my favourite team!To note that the Bell Center is not only for hockey games. Throught out the year there are many shows (musics, tournaments etc...). The Bell center is also quite well located. Next to many restaurants, bars and also close by busy shopping streets. There is a subway station (Lucien L'Allier, on the orange line) right next to the Bell Center. There is even a an enclosed corridor between the two which is quite convenient when it's -30 deg C outside!!!!
4	As one person wrote, its not the nicest arena, but by golly there's history here.  I looked up and saw the banners, and it was amazing.I came here to watch my Ducks play against the Habs, and some how found a way to get 24 tickets all together.  It wasn't easy since we have Koivu, and i knew a lot of Habs fans who love Saku would attend this game.The price for the tickets were not cheap, and we were located upstairs.  Also, the arena didn't allow us to watch our team warm up, which I thought was odd.  The fans were nice, until we beat them.  They shouted stuff at us in French, which thankfully I yelled back in Spanish: "Viva los Patos". The entire city of Montreal loves their hockey, and it shows.  Great city, and I'd like to go back.
4	This week I ended up in Centre Bell twice to see hockey match and then a concert. Similar visit frequency calls for a review.Centre Bell is an arena of a kind. It is modern and well maintained facility. Not too many cities in North America have the luxury to have an arena downtown that is easily accessible through public transportation with comfortable entrances to the subway.  Montreal is one of these lucky cities. The downside is parking is relatively expensive if you want to use the parking lot of Centre Bell.The arena accommodates the biggest rock and pop concerts in the city as well as the traditional Christmas shows of Cirque du Soleil. Going for a concert there is always a pleasure as the Montreal public is one of the friendliest in the world. But what is even more impressive is to visit Centre Bell for a hockey match. Nothing compares with the Montreal hockey public nor with the vibe of this place during the game. For those visiting the city or who just moved in, go to a hockey game in Centre Bell, it is really an unique experience. Tickets can be obtained the last moment from Internet at prices that are somehow affordable. You can also buy them after the game has started from the scalpers, but who wants to miss the moment when the players enter the rink. I rarely have the chance to sit near by the ice,  buying ticket in the 300 sections is still OK and it actually offers very good view of the hockey field. The arena has a lot of food and drink counters, and yes the beer and spirits in general are ridiculously expensive, but this is the case with most of the arenas anyway.  Must try!
5	As an Oilers fan (and a pure anglophone at that) venturing into enemy territory... I was admittedly a little weary of the 'perception' Le Canadiens fans have of being a little harsh with us outsiders. This coming from a 6ft4, 300+lbs, former bouncer.I was greeted with a happy smile, and few friendly barbs from the box office staff and told to make my way to the private elevators (I had purchased a ticket for the Desjardins Club Seats). Bit of excitement for me being a Halifax Mooseheads season ticket holder.I knew that they tickets came with free concessions, and so I got a tray of one of everything to try haha.. (I hadn't eaten in a day and a half to prepare) It was all really delicious. The game was great for me as well. A 4 - 3 win for the "Bad Guys" from Edmonton.. a rarity for the Oil this year.A beautiful building that left me in absolute awe (and put a bit of a damper on the visit to the Oilers home arena of Rexall place afterwards). Gorgeous arena, with a great pre show, and some fun in-game entertainment.The fans (except for some swearing at me as I celebrated the away goals) were amazing as well. Fun spirited and no issues at all.Merci Montreal!
4	I saw a concert here while visiting Montreal. The arena was large and it looked like most people had a good view of the stage. One of the things I liked the most is that it was easily accessible via public transit. There was a train platform outside one of the entrances and the subway was only a few flights of stairs to the arena. Once you left the arena you were on the one of the main streets in town which is easily navigable. One of my favorite things about the venue was the access to free wifi! How else are you supposed to upload images of the concert live to instagram without internet access??
3	I don't think there's much to say that hasn't been said already. A recent visit revealed a long line to get in but if you're patient, it can move quickly. I don't remember being asked to open my bag last time I was there, but no big deal. Like with all big venues, the prices for everything is inflated, but you're probably there for a specific reason, so it's all part of the experience...right? I guess. Acoustics aren't that great, but it is what it is...
4	This is a very cool place.  I was last here to see game 3 of the Eastern Conference Quarterfinals between the Habs and the Bruins in 2011.  Montreal had taken the first two games in Beantown and the series moved to the Bell for game 3.  It was my first playoff hockey game on Canadian soil, and to say that that I was excited is an understatement.I had purchased seats in an area where food was included in your ticket price.  I figured I'd gorge myself while watching an awesome game.  The atmosphere was really electric.  When they dimmed the lights and started the introductions, the roar of the crowd was so loud that the entire place was vibrating!It really was an exciting place to watch a hockey game. Until the Bruins scored 3 minutes into the first period.  That really took the wind out of the sails of the fans.  Then they scored again later in the first period.   The Bruins were up by 3 until the Habs finally scored in the 2nd period ,but by that time, the crowd was demoralized.  it didn't really get loud again and I found that disappointing.However, the arena is still pretty cool.  I found it easy to get around and I could walk underground from my hotel to it so I didn't have to wear a big heavy coat and lug it around at the game.Oh, I also got to see Youppi! who I remembered fondly from Expo games.  Love that guy!The Canadiens Hall of Fame is at the Bell Centre too.  There's a separate admission required for that, but I really enjoyed visiting there as well.Very nice arena, but as a Leafs fan, I have to say it's no ACC.
