5	They offer Sunday morning cooking classes! FREE! Go figure! And everything they make...which is usually three or more things...you get to sample and try out! It is awesome! Love the store. The people are nice. Know their stuff and are very courteous. The sunday morning classes are done while you are standing around the cooking area and it does get pretty hot in there with the oven on and everythign...so if you can stand for a long time and don't mind the heat...go check it out.
5	I am such a freakin' troll here... I always swing by any W&S location and check out what their food and kitchen items are for sale... they run great deals...I collect food when I travel, and it's nice to find them here:1.  Maldon salt -- if you have bought into the sea salt craze (really it does taste different straight on the tongue than regular table salt  http://www.slate.com/id/2117243/), try this English version2.  La Salamandra dulce de leche -- if you like caramel coffees, try this as your sweetener.  The best brand I found in Buenos Aires...3.  W&S truffle mayo -- omg this is good w/ french fries4.  Panettone -- beautiful red tin only during the Xmas holidays, glaceed chestnuts (holy crap this is $$$ in Europe)... need I say more.
5	Some people go to car dealerships to gawk at new vehicles. Others window shop at their favorite department store. I myself prefer to frequent Williams Sonoma and try my best to keep from drooling all over the Le Creuset line. If I'm feeling really dangerous, I will hit this place up during one of their sales. This store has great customer service and the staff is very knowledgeable about the products they sell. With kitchenware, you get what you pay for. Believe me when I say you will not regret your decision to spend a bit more money on a much better product. If I could give this store any negative feedback it would be that is is highly addictive. Warning--once you enter, you are sure to return :)
5	The absolute best kitchen store ever!!
5	I love Williams-Sonoma.  We were picking up some additional items left on our wedding registry and taking advantage of the 10% completion discount.  They are always welcoming and helpful.
5	I have been looking for a Vitamix for a few months now.  After conducting intensive research and calling the Vitamix customer service, I found my way to WS to test drive the Pro 750, the series of next generation Vitamix.  I could have purchased the cheaper 5200 series at Costco, but one of the managers Fernando and also Pam were both great at explaining the far superior features of the Pro750.  I walked out of there a very happy customer.Thanks for making it a great experience.
5	I had a great time at this store compared to others I've been to. My sales associate was Darla and she was extremely friendly and helpful. Sad this store is closing.
1	Went to this store yesterday, only to find it closed and empty! No longer at Chandler mall.
