4	I've been in Arizona almost five years already and until just last month, I never stepped foot into the Galleria Corporate Centre.  But now that I have, I am pretty sure that coming into the office here will become a regular part of my schedule... and all of this because Cafe Conmigo is located in the atrium of the Galleria building.This morning I stopped to grab a cup of coffee from Cafe Conmigo and I met the owner of this little cafe, Nancy.  Just from my quick conversation with Nancy, I could tell that this place has a lot of character and that Nancy puts her heart and soul into this business... in addition to gourmet coffee drinks, Cafe Conmigo serves up all kinds of breakfast food, snacks, sandwiches, soups, etc... I checked out their website and saw that they update it weekly to post their daily specials too.I'm finishing up my coffee and feeling a nice caffeine buzz as I type this review.  If you're in the area of the Galleria building in Old Town, go check out Cafe Conmigo and say hello to Nancy.  They are open Monday - Friday from 7:30am until 3:00pm.***Oh, and the best part of all? My coffee with steamed soy milk was cheaper than at Starbucks!
5	Cafe Conmigo is located in the lobby of the Galleria Corporate Centre in Scottsdale and uber-convenient for a quick bite or coffee before/after work or just to get away from the computer for a few minutes. I have only recently started going to Cafe Conmigo but loved each experience. The staff is always friendly, even at 7:30 in the morning! You can certainly expect to see me there from now on. Meet your new 'regular', Cafe Conmigo!
3	I work in the corporate galleria center so its convenant for me to jst run upstairs and grab something quick. I love there chicken tequila spiked soup and there chef salad. Although it is a bit pricey. All the staff there are friendly.
5	Cafe Conmigo deserves 5 stars for their amazing service, and ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS Iced Mochas! They also hold your frequent buyer card so I don't have to! The only down side: I'm a bit of a liberal California hippy and absolutely despise the Styrofoam cups used for iced drinks. Also unfortunate for me: many Scottsdale establishments use the stuff.. Guess I can't hold it against them. But, (ownership), please do consider other options! Price points are also higher than a chain coffee establishment, but the portions at Cafe Conmigo are larger so these factors void each other out in terms of affecting my star rating.
3	To be honest, this place wasn't so great. It wasn't the 'pee my pants' kinda goodness I'd hoped for from a place that is basically guaranteed business being inside a corporate center.Prices are a little high and what seemed off was the three times I've come here, it's taken FOREVER to get my food or drink. What I found unusual was that there were four staff members working there.I will say, however, that their 'Machos' Iced Mochas are ginormous. I mean huge. Like 'oh my poor kidneys' huge.
2	I work in the Galleria so I was really hoping I'd like this place. After a couple of visits over the past year, I've come to the conclusion that this place is just not for me. My stomach always feels odd after eating here and I just don't find the food all that appealing.
5	love this hidden little gem...I get coffee and a bagel on a regular basis and it doesn't break the bank, the coffee is better than any starbucks brew and they are always so nice!  Thanks cafe conmigo :)
4	I have no idea who runs this place, but I've never been disappointed.I used to work in the Galleria Corporate Center, and would come downstairs to visit Conmigo from time to time. The smoothies are tasty. Not necessarily the healthiest. I feel like they are packed with sugar.The salads are nice. When you ask for the dressing on the side, they happily oblige. The chicken is moist, and juicy. Like a nice....piece of chicken.My only gripe...is the service can be a touch slow. I didn't knock them down any stars for this because it's not their fault for being understaffed. There needs to be another Conmigo in the building. All in all....good times, good food.
5	Thanks for moving away from Styrofoam and to plastic! Also, the sugar free syrup options = ++!
4	Somehow I did not realize that the little cafe in the Galleria office building had a listing on Yelp; so even though I have been eating here consistently for the last 3 years, I have not written a review. Time to remedy that! The best thing about Cafe Conmigo is the people who work there. The owner and her young, friendly staff are always cheerful and very accommodating. They get the food to you fast but still every order is prepared fresh and to your specifications. You can even order ahead so that you can do a quick pick up if are expecting a short lunch. For breakfast, they serve up Starbucks style coffee drinks (lattes, cappuccinos, etc) that are very well done with every flavor syrup you could possibly want, plus the usual toppings of cinnamon, nutmeg, etc available. Unfortunately, the prices are almost as high as Starbucks. However, their other items are very reasonable. They have bagels and pastries to grab on the go and also so egg sandwhiches/burritos and other hot options. Also fresh fruit is always available, which is nice. Usually bananas and grapes. For lunch, I am not a big sandwhich person, but all the salad options are good though unfortunately the dressings are usually chilled to the point that the olive oil has solidified (that kind of grosses me out). The best thing by far is the soups. A new one every day but they are always amazingly good. They come with crackers or you can order pita bread or a half sandwhich combo. They also have a daily special lunch which can range from tacos to pasta to just about anything. It is almost always very good and so that is usually a safe bet for a cheap tasty lunch. I highly recommend Cafe Conmigo. It is super-convenient for anyone working in the Galleria building but even if you are just shopping in the area it is one of the quickest, cheapest options in the area.  There is not much in the way of seating in the actual cafe area but there are comfy chairs and couches scattered around the first floor Galleria atrium.  A great way to bask in the sunshine without being exposed to the heat!
4	Back in the day, I would talk to friends who worked in the Galleria and they would speak of a small cafe that served some tasty food and coffee to the employees in the building. Well, not thanks to my partial workspace in the Galleria, I can now say I've experience Cafe Conmigo as well! As simple as it sounds, I love that this little cafe serves a container full of fresh and icy cold grapes. I also like that they serve simple but satisfying food. For lunch, I typically go for a turkey with hummus and for breakfast, I typically keep it simple with grapes and an English muffin. I also find myself ordering an iced coffee here and there. However, as simple as it is, I truly appreciate Cafe Conmigo's presence in the Galleria and give them a virtual high five for serving us on a daily basis!
5	This quaint little gem is located inside the Galleria downstairs from where I attended classes.  I always got a fruit salad (had lots of red grapes, strawberries, pineapples, no cantaloupe or honeydew YAY!) and either a latte or mocha.  They we nice and worked quickly and they even remembered my name after a few visits, which I think is rather rad, considering how many people come by everyday.  They offer breakfast and lunch items, they have coffees/espresso/teas, power bars, pastries, and the like.  I wish I could say that I will be back, but I'm done with school and it's quite out of the way.  It was great while it lasted, thanks for the great service peeps!
4	I work in the Galleria and I really appreciate the staff and selection that Cafe Conmigo offers. They see their customers so often they are on a first name basis with 90% of us and often know our orders before we step up to the counter. For being a small operation they deliver some big flavors- I am especially a fan of their soups which are always fresh and tasty. From getting my morning coffee fix to sneaking away for a cookie or some other sugar burst they are always smiling and helpful. So glad they are in the building but are worth the trip to the Galleria even if you aren't as lucky as me!
3	I wasn't that impressed with with the coffee here. It's a good place for the people that work in the plaza area it's in. The coffee shop is in a building area and is hard to get to if you don't work inside the plaza. The parking was limited and its on a really wired corner with traffic going different ways. It's a really small place with coffee and snacks with a few bar stools to sit on. The owner is really nice and I want to give it more stars but its just OK.
1	Definitely not what its cracked up to be.  Not the worst if you have to be there for work or business, but microwaved egg scramble should not get 4 stars on Yelp.  Breakfast burrito had way too much of it in there too.  Coffee was decent.  If you don't have to be there, I would wait to get something good outside the building.
5	Great little shop to grab coffee from if you're in the area. The staff here is always very friendly, and their espresso shots are always a great way to get the blood flowing in the morning.
4	The only reason I go here so frequently is because it is conveniently located in the Galleria. It is definitely overpriced, the woman is always on her phone while I'm order, and their POS system is straight out of 2005. I'm giving them 4 stars because, at the end of the day, the food is actually good. However, they mess up my order LITRALLY every time. I actually have to send it back for one reason or another (such as forgetting a fundamental ingredient in the sandwich) every time. I would probably not ever recommend this place, even tho I myself go all the time #yolo
3	This cafe is convenient, the food is decent. Hardly any vegetarian options. Employees do not seem to understand what vegetarian means.
