1	BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE....My mother lives in Montreal and was moving to a retirement complex.  She was already using Life Alert at home but wanted to save some bucks each month. I found Direct Alert on the web, called them, and was thrilled to find out that their monthly service fee was $19.95 if I purchased the $230.00 equipment upfront, which I gladly did.And then came the problem... their equipment would not work and they have no on site techs to assist. My 83 year old mother was terrified that something would happen to her and she would not have her safety button to call for help. After a series of calls they sent additional equipment which still did not work. This went on for a couple weeks, meanwhile they charged my credit card for the monitoring fee even though it was not working. Then they advised to just return everything and go elsewhere. They sent the return label to the wrong address so after another series of calls they finally sent it to the right address.UPS picked everything up so after a couple weeks I called again asking where the credit was... and they charged yet another months monitoring...  I was told that they had not received the equipment back... after 2 weeks of being picked up.  I checked the tracking number on line with UPS and it was delivered and signed for 3 days after pick up.  Another call and they insisted they did not have it??? And needed me to send proof of delivery - something they could have done easily on line themselves.Today I checked my credit card account to find out that these incompetents hit the wrong button and charged my card another $252.83 rather than issue the credit for $252.83.  So now they owe me 2 X $252.83 = $505.66And yet another call to them (Steven) today who I've spoken to at least 6 times in the past couple months.  After explaining their error... he says "wow"?  Then claims the equipment needed to be returned within 30 days for a refund?? After explaining the new charge equal led the exact am out of the refund expected he was uninterested. I asked to speak to a manager and was told no but I could sent an email if I wanted??My next call was to the bank who fully understood the issue and have processed the necessary disputes to reverse these charges. And finally I had cancel this card and replace it with a new one because the bank and I have no confidence in Direct Alert to not charge even more unauthorized charges in the future.Everything aside, this company is supposed to provide a secure and competent service for vulnerable people who need the extra sense of security. They absolutely did not deliver on any level... and then my mom finds out that several other residents in the complex also had horror stories to share about their experiences with Direct Alert.The good out of all this is that my mom contacted Life Alert who matched the pricing without the need to purchase the equipment... and they were there the next day to install everything and make sure it worked 100%.
1	I had received a call from the president of this company begging me to remove my review.... with assurances that they were making changes. I'd given him benefit of the doubt and did note here about the conversation.However, after reading newer reviews - it is painfully obvious that the same old continues at this operation.Unfortunately this company is dealing with people's lives and there can be no grey areas. My experience with this company was truly horrible and my mom's peace of mind needed the change to the other much more reliable service.
1	Please read this carefully. If you have elderly parents or a disabled person in you family, do not order service from DIRECT ALERT !!Terrible quality of device as well as customer service! Since 22nd of May, till now June 06th, their customer service has not returned my calls and emails about their poorly constructed  devices not working properly. Manager is not calling back ( they claim she will return call in 24-48 h, now is 386 hours) and no calls or email from them.On 28th of May, I sent  letter to the president of Direct Alert, and up to today a week later (June 06th) I haven't received any response from him as well.I ordered Direct Alert service for my Mom, 4 years ago, after my Father past away. She is disable (in wheelchair) now 83, with lots of health problems to make sure she will be able to call for help.The device was hard to connect, lots of interference, but after few straggling  hours finely she was connected.We were customer for 4 years.When she started  service with Direct Alert, we were under the impression you had a life time guarantee on your product. Some time ago we have to replace the bracelet on her wrist, wear and tear, I understand, but just the stupid Velcro band and the postage  was ridiculously high. This time, on her machine, a red light showed up. We called D. A. customer service to find out what was wrong with the unit. They advised us it is the battery on her bracelet, which would have to be exchanged. To my surprise, the whole button with bracelet would cost almost $110 ????For my understanding, D. A. is not standing by their warranty " LIVE TIME, even if it passes to another customer". I never read on your add: whole button will have to be changed for additional money, which is half  the cost of a whole new unit with button!I'm in shock! The whole unit ( machine+ two buttons+ including 2 batteries) costs $199 elsewhere, thru the stores around in Canada or USA. My mom is 84 year old, is on the waiting list for nursing home and unfortunately we can't afford the cost which your company  charges. I started looking to find a cheaper option on the internet.Fortunately, I found a few options. Used and new. I than  bought off the  internet a whole new set in the box. My daughter spent 5 hours trying to connect the new unit, which is supposed to be very easy to install. In the end my mom has very limited connection with lots of interference on the line which she didn't have before and is not possible to communicate if a emergency  occurs.During the period of connecting the machine, 5 different peoples told her 15 different stories how to connect the unit.  I was there and remember the same situation when we first installed D.A. unit 4 years ago, we had great difficulty.My daughter tried to connect the old unit back, which no longer was working, although battery on bracelet was still ok, but we didn't want to wait to the end of the battery's life.Operator started to tell her another story, about new unit, requesting to send this unit back to the company in exchange for completely new one, but again pay for a new bracelet for $110 on top what we had spent already. In the end they asked where the unit was bought. What was the difference??? They said this unit was a display model and should be returned to them. Joanna, from your customer service, adviced me to forward my correspondence and emails to D.A., which I did on  22 of May and she will connect me with the manager. I called so  many time, just being ignored and got some rude answers ( from Tatiana). Tried to get the manager on few times on 22nd , 23rd and 27th of May, she was supposed to get back to me in 24 to 48 hours later, she never did. Up to today has passed 6 days, and yesterday Airy, from customer service, told me the manager is busy and will return my call by the end of this week. I'm not sure if this is even a true, I was told many times already she would call as well as Joanna who promised she would call me back on 22nd and on the 27th before her shift ends (5pm), with some answers but left work an hour earlier without calling me back.  I'm currently away from home and worried sick about my mother's safety. I finely checked on line, to find out only more problems with reliability of Direct Alert product, company,  connecting new units bought in stores or new one sent directly from Direct Alert and very poor customer service.I'm very concerned about my mother,s safety,  product reliability, and even more about your customer service  and  units itself. I'm greatly disappointed  and ready to change for more reliable service and piece of mine.I send  letter to president of Direct Alert, and up today June 6th, I didn't revived any response.
