4	Yeah, yeah, yeah... CRR (chain-restaurant-review).Coffee Bean is the newest coffee shop addition to the Fashion Show Mall. They're located in a semi-permanent structure that they share with Auntie Anne's pretzels right in front of the runway.They opened up a few weeks ago and I think they'll give Starbucks a run for their money. The coffee tastes better, service friendlier, and lines quicker. Plus, mall employees get 50% off everything Mon-Thurs. 20% rest of the week! You mean I can get a large latte for under $3? Amazing!I met the owner of this particular location in the beginning and he was pretty darn friendly--thanking people for choosing them over Starbucks and taking the time to spread the CBTL love with a few customers.Only thing, sometimes the foam comes out a little too frothy (like soap suds). But I'll excuse it for a little while while the new baristas kick the learning curve.
2	WOAH, my god, do not get any of the pastries. I had a coffee cake, then changed it for a brownie because it was stale, and they were both ! omg, it was like it was in a plastic ziplock for a year kinda plastic taste. blegh.
5	Finally got to sample this place before leaving Vegas! They seem like an awesome coffee chain, I had the dark chocolate espresso based drink, it was better than a frappuccino. Wish they were in NY!
5	We ordered a cafe mocha and frozen lemonade and as we waited for our drinks, we noticed one of the girls was having trouble making the frozen lemonade...The manager, Sam re-made the drink and showed her how to make it, and patiently explained how they want to make it right considering how much the customer spends on the drinks and should enjoy it.Mind you, he didn't know we were there listening/watching them and it was that much better seeing how well this guy treated his employees...we were thoroughly impressed with the level of service and he upgraded my size of drink since he made extra!! Manager Sam! You were great and made the last few minutes in Vegas worthwhile! We will definitely come back to your establishment!
1	If I could use zero stars, I would. JOANN, very bad service, and an amazingly snobby attitude. I work in retail and I know bad service when I see it.
