4	Most Targets have a Starbucks and/or Pizza Hut attached them, this one does not.  Primarily, it serve Hot Dogs, sausages and chicken nuggets -- that said the food isn't bad -- but, it is only tube steaks.
4	So you have a choice between Target and Walmarts, which one do you stop at?   For me it would be Target, but the mega-Walmarts down near the 101 is real nice, too.This Target store is one of their newer upscale versions with limited cold food items.  I've been coming here since they opened and have found everyone friendly and helpful and the shelves well stocked.
4	So much to like about this Target - it is quiet, no Wal-Mart riff-raff type of customers, nice parking, and has nice staff that may actually talk to you.  Most seem to be half-retired folks, teens, etc. instead of the career minimum wage type of people.  Selection here isn't as big as other Target stores I've visited, but for the other factors I'll gladly give up on that.
4	This is my go-to Target.  I am glad it is fairly close to me.  They are renovating it now, so I cannot get in and out as fast as I used to, but I am sure it is going to be worth the inconvenience.
5	good service. closest one to my house so i know where everything pretty much is. great sales on clothing, love the dollar section in the front. employees are always helpful and nice but some of the cashiers can be a tad slow. bathrooms are always clean which is a major plus. so happy also that they finally put a starbucks in it but the starbucks doesn't take starbucks coupons which is a bummer.
5	Fast service and nice employees at customer service area and at cash registers. Employees are always nice and say hi to you every time you come in. Always have a good dollar section in the front of the store. Love how they have a mini grocery section now in here. Always come here finding something new which I love. Great sale and clearance section in the women's clothing area. Also they always have  huge section for summer outdoor things and back to school supplies which comes in handy.
2	I will start off by saying that I love Target - I hate THIS Target. The staff here is so unfriendly, things are way overpriced and the patrons are pushing their carts around like they are in a shopping race -- slow it down folks! I (never thought I'd say this in my life) but I really prefer to go to the Walmart across the way. It's clean, clerks are friendly, prices are competitive and the vibe is more positive. I will be avoiding this Target like the plague....sad sad day.
