4	Henderson Justice Court is the hottest court in town.  It has free parking, 1970's bathrooms, terrarium-esque seating, zen bailiffs, and a metal detector. Hot.Hurry up before you miss out!
4	I have to come here quite often for work. It has never been too busy here. I'm always in and out. They are efficient and organized. The staff is friendly and helpful. There is parking on the street. They need to adopt the electronic filing system though, so you don't have to drive here every time you have to file court docs.
1	I love the feeling of almost pooping my pants panicking to get through morning traffic accidents on the 215, rushing from Henderson, to Summerlin to drop off for school, then back to Henderson, and barely making it in time for 8am court. The good part is how quickly the courts grant default judgements when the chicken $-t defendants don't show up. The bad is now you go through another process to collect on it...writ of execution, writ of garnishment...blah blah. Hooray, we all love filling out forms, paying legal fees, abiding by the rules and the criminals continue stealing much like the deadbeat contractor I had the misfortune to come across.They have you fill out forms online and can ONLY be done ONLINE,  but won't tell you HOW to fill them out. For example, what is supposed to be typed (can't be handwritten) in the following line on xyz form..."To ________?________"... is it my name? The defendant's name? The courthouse? The constable? My dog's name??  Their answer is, "Sorry we can't tell you because it would be giving legal advice." Seriously?! I don't think it takes years of lawschool to give instructions on how to fill out a form, but then again, this is the government. I'm not asking for "legal" advice, only how to fill out your damn form with cryptic fields designed to confuse. How more people don't lose their s**t because of this bureaucratic nonsense is beyond me.If you get it wrong and come all the way down to submit it, they will turn you away so it will be a wasted trip. I get you people just want me to light up the Henderson Court building with my evervescent charms by making me visit more than necessary, but mama's got a life and doesn't have time to play your guessing games. Oh you do have the option to stay on hold for the remainder of your adult life for an opportunity to speak to a crusty court person who supposedly IS ALLOWED to give essential legal advice such as what to put down as today's date.I just don't think we're going to make it as a country.
