5	Please feel free to rub white cake smelling body butter on me while you parade around like a porn star and partake in triple penetration of PORNOCULAR VISION....Thanks Love bones...errr...jones...
5	Feeling naughty? This is the spot to accessorize your naughtiness...My girlfriend swears by their panties, and I have to admit they look HOT on her!Another plus, if you're staying at the Hard Rock, you can just pick up the phone and order from their "room service menu" --which includes padded handcuffs, crotchless panties, garter-belts, full-body-stocking lingerie, sexy-dice, lubricants & miraboo-lined stilettos... and lots of stuff for HER too... ;) -- and they will deliver to your room 24 hours a day! Now, that's Useful.
3	Lingerie that I can order from my room at all hours....AMAZING! So Love Jones is WAY overpriced, but they have some very unique and erotic items that will make you drool as you walk by the window displays which change....hourly, I believe. I'm a total sucker for window displays, and on this particular trip, i was struck by the gorgeous Beach Bunny bathing suit display. https://www.beachbunnyswimwear.com/index.cfmThese bathing suits are as close as you can get to wearing lingerie during the day...and they are fabulous. Because Love Jones carries them, makes them A-OK in my book.The gold star pasties were a HUGE hit. I bought them for my girlfriend's bday to go under her hot pink dress, and let's just say we saw a lot of those pasties all night!If you have won in the casino, or have a boy who has money....go here and have a blast trying on/buying lingerie you can really only find in places like Las Vegas.
5	I had a wonderful experience at Love Jones.  A friend highly recommended that I visit, and I finally walked in and stood there a little lost. Nicole, the GM, came to me and asked what I was there for - I told her I just wanted sexy lingerie and didn't care about the color - she put me in a dressing room with all sorts of styles and items and came in to help me with corsets, etc.  I ended up with a great experience and some beautiful pieces!  I highly recommend it for any lady who deserves to treat herself!
4	Nicole was such a doll when my partner in crime stopped in after eating at the Pink Taco....sorry I had to, it was funny.We got so many cute naughty things for our weekend of sin, panties, condom, you name it, they have it. One thing they need is some plus size stuff, I found some stuff in my size but it would have been nice to get a few more things to get my groove on in.
4	Love Jones is the upscale lingerie and sexxxy accoutrements boutique for your weekend of sin!! The lingerie is overpriced but hard to resist!! Your boyfriend will get over the sticker shock if you hand him the bill WHILE YOUR WEARING your naughty new ensamble. Which will shortly be on the floor and all forgiven! Word for the newbie - they have a secret VIP closet in the back (on the right side of the store) where they have dramatically marked down pieces. Sorted by size. I have purchased Dolce and Gabanna bras and panties (with the hologram on the labels!) for under $20 each!!! SHOCKING. Just walk back there like you have been there before and dive in!! Naughty toys and sexxxy body jewelry = stars!!
3	Cute little boutique. Limited selection of sexy lingerie and novelties. Great place to shop for bachelorette party.
5	I went into Love Jones after an interview I had last week. The girls there were very friendly and I had a nice conversation with them about how my interview went once I explained to them I wasn't a tourist. They don't usually have locals going in there, which is a shame because I think more local ladies and their significant others should shop this sexy and tasteful boutique.The store itself is small, but full of interesting and sensual goodies.  The funniest things I saw in there were the thongs with various guys' names on them. So, ladies, you can get undies with your man's name on them LOL. ;-) They also had lots of novelties, lotions, massage oils, candles, and tasteful bedroom books to choose from. A wide variety of merchandise to select for you and your lover to enjoy. The decor is bright pink and orange, but it's fun and inviting, much more than other lingerie boutiques I've been in, which can be intimidating with dark decor that screams: "You can't possibly afford anything in here - go away, peasant!" Shopping for lingerie can be an intimidating experience, not just for ladies, but for gentlemen too (I have worked selling lingerie before in the past, so I know how it is). Not so at Love Jones. I was made to feel welcome the minute I walked in. I only wish I could have bought more than just a $10 item, but that's all I could afford.Today I received a very sweet card in the mail from Natascha who thanked me for my purchase (I filled out a client card) and wished me luck on my interview (I did not get the job, unfortunately), but it really made my day. It's not every day I am personally rewarded for being a customer (and a first-time one at that), and I didn't even spend that much, but it says a lot about the ladies who work there. That was really classy.Now I know I will definitely return in the future to buy much more from Love Jones once my finances improve. Thanks again for your awesome customer service! :-D
3	Okay, I loved this store. So beautifully nestled inside of the Hard Rock-such a random awesome store to come across. I instantly found a ton of things I wanted and was in the back for a good 30 minutes trying things on. And wow, do they have fitting rooms with lighting that makes EVERYTHING look great. BUT.....BUT.......BUT....I gotta be real about this place. Great novelty stuff, cute costume jewelery, and yeah-i'll admit it- I dropped $250 on a fierce lingerie set (bottoms,bra,waist-cincher). BUT (yes, again with the but's) the lingerie is cheap. Cheap-ly made that is. It's expensive as hell, but the quality isn't there (less than up to maybe about-Lovers Lane-quality). What it does have going for it was a few things I've never seen anywhere else (including the one I purchsed). Being a sort of lingerie collector (yeah, we all have our habits) and perhaps even a bit of a lingerie snob, I can say that it is pretty lame on the quality-end of things.
