1	Disappointed, concerned and a little pissed. This Sweet Tomatoes went upscale to become Field Kitchen. Customers like me came for the selection of fresh salad items, soups, breads and deserts in a buffet restaurant. NO LONGER. No more buffet. A la carte. I tried the help yourself salad bar. One visit to the salad bar with much less to choose from. Someone behind the counter  adds your salad dressing. 3 soups to choose from  and a cup for your frozen yogurt. One trip only. Drinks are available at a separate station. If you want water you get  a small plastic cup. They issue you a special card that keeps track of all your spending and you pay when you leave where the add an automatic service charge of 7.5% for tip. Trays are replaced with metal cookie sheets but there are no cookies. See pics posted. Everyone over 4 years old needs a card. No one leaves without having a card to present to cashier. $50 fine for losing card. This concept is ludicrous. My friends and I won't be going back.
1	The "Sweet Tomatoes" that we love for years is sadly gone. The Field Kitchen is truly a disappointment. It is more expensive, not sure if I can say taste better, just taste different. And where is my must have wonton chicken salad!!?? Its gone! Chicken noodle soup is not the same! Sweet Tomatoes, we go to the old "Sweet Tomatoes" on a weekly basis for many years, and if you care big fan customer like me. Please don't remodel the rest of your locations, cuz I will not go to Field Kitchen!
3	This restaurant is now Sweet Tomatoes Field Kitchen. It's a whole new concept, so don't expect your usual buffet. You receive cards at the door which you have to get swiped every time you put something new on your tray, and then take your card to the cashier to pay when you leave. Don't lose this card, because as in the photo, it's a $50 fine (which is crazy!). Anyone over 4 yrs old must have a card (it's their rule), so make sure your kids don't lose them! They also automatically charge a 7.50% service gratuity charge to your bill unless you request otherwise.I had the "make your own salad bar" deal. It's $1 cheaper than it used to be, but you can't return for more. They have a couple new items in it, like pineapple. Also, they pour dressing on your salad, you can't do it yourself. Everything tastes the same too, no change in that.They seem to have a lot more choices, along with their old items, and now serve alcohol. The catch is you have to pay extra for everything, and there are no seconds.
2	Sweet tomatoes changed to Field Kitchen, seems more like an effort to boost the bottom line.  We would've preferred they raise the prices and kept it the way it was.  It used to be our relaxed unpretentious place for an easy dinner, now the food is overblown, the portions are over sized and the atmosphere is no longer what it was.  We'll keep going for now but we're in the market for our new weekly hang out if anybody has any ideas, please share!
4	Was accidentally dragged into going here after my aunt became "gluten intolerant" and we were searching for lunch in the area.Not that I am saying I'm too good for Sweet Tomatoes, but I was taken aback by all their new changes! Sweet Tomatoes Field Kitchen has evolved into a kick ass concept. Goodbye dusty old salad bar! They have rotisserie meats, bomb mac n cheese and daringly good brussels sprouts.They've revamped the interior with a cute, farm meets the modern world take and I am liking it! Le Creuset pots? Adorable!The card at the door is a little funky, but it makes it feel less like a buffet to me. Overall was a great experience, wasn't a fan before, but I'm diggin' the new change!
1	Terrible experience. The great old place is now gone. People were turning around and walking right back out the door while we were scratching our heads trying to figure out the wall sized menu which is massively confusing  not to mention the idiotic set up and hoops you have to jump thru just to get your meal.Now I wish we'd left too and went over to one of the other eating places in the lotBy the time my daughter and granddaughter got their food  My soup was cold from waiting for them it took so long.SO if you are on a lunch break forget it. You will not have enough time to eat if you get anything beside the salad bowl and cup of soup And now for $6.99 you get only a cup of soup period , a  non refillable salad and bread and a frozen yogurt cup. The ranch dressing has also been watered and is now flavorlessWell I don't eat the bread or yogurt there. So I didn't end up with any variety and that was boring too.Everything else is extra and they give you this stupid credit card thing they swipe at each station and you pay on the way out.If you lose the card they charge you $50.00 and you need a card for each person over the age of 4.There was also an additional $1.50 SERVICE CHARGE tacked onto the bill as well.Seeing that we served ourselves I have no clue what that was. Too bad we left as much of a tip as we did since we were charged extra.The mushroom soup  that use to be great was an awful gummy mess  and I actually got sick with terrible cramps about a half hour after eating and had to go running around looking for a bathroom while still on the road and afraid I would not make it to a bathroom in time.I have never gotten sick on their food beforeThe girls has the rotisserie chicken with the mashed potatoes. The potatoes were awful and bland and the chicken was way too salty and they left 3/4 of the food on their plates  it was so bad.I understand the chicken soup is no longer good either. People around us were also grumbling with dissatisfaction over the change The only good thing I can say is they did spruce it up inside. But I'm not there for just the decor If they have sense they will go back to the way it was. I'd be willing to pay a higer price if it was the same. After 6 years of eating there at least twice a month, we will not be going back.It's 4 hours and a dose of Pepto later and I still feel ill as I write this
3	The original listing for Sweet Tomatoes is closed, and this new listing for Field Kitchen is up.  Re-posting from my old review:Sweet Tomatoes... I feel betrayed.  I've been a longtime fan of Sweet Tomatoes for years, and ate at this location and other locations in different states.  I always enjoyed their endless salad, soup, starches, and dessert, and was skeptical of the new "Field Kitchen" experience.  We went here yesterday and saw that they remodeled the whole kitchen to serve an a la carte menu only.  Prices for entrees ranged from around 8-11 dollars, and they included more meat options, such as rotisserie chicken, and steak and shrimp skewers.  Such a drastic change in their business model is a risky gamble, since the Sweet Tomatoes experience is so well-engrained in longtime customer's heads such as mine.  Part of the experience that I so enjoyed about this restaurant chain was that I could get a little bit of everything, and mix and match things as I wanted to.  I also loved their pre-made salads such as the tarragon tuna and the wonton chicken salad, and now they are gone from the menu.  The closest thing they have to the previous buffet is a make your own salad with one cup of soup and unlimited soft serve.  The price is cheaper ($7.99) and the portion of salad that you will ultimately make is quite large, but for me the best part of Sweet Tomatoes was getting a little bit of each pre-made salad, starch, and soup rather than making a huge salad made with all the same ingredients.  Another thing that was weird was that at the end of the salad line, there were no free range dressings, although you could pick out your own toppings and greens for your salad.  There is someone at the kitchen counter that actually gets your desired dressing out for you and pours it over your salad.  I foresee that this might cause some problems as the salad line gets backed up because only one person can pour your dressing for you vs. being allowed to choose and pour your own dressing.Now, I have to admit, since changing over to an a la carte menu, the food has improved in taste, although the prices are a bit high for some items. For instance, my husband had the steak wedge salad ($9.99).  The salad portion was fairly big since it was a wedge of iceberg lettuce, but the 2 skewers of beef were small, and already precooked so they tasted like they had been sitting out for some time.  If they grilled the skewers right in front of you, that would make the high price more explainable, but for me, it didn't seem like a good deal for what you got.  As for the new paying system, you will be given a card, and whenever you order an item an associate will swipe your card to add charges to it.  Once you are done, you pay at one of the two cashier's booths.  Tip is automatically included at 7.5%, which I thought was weird.  I would actually tip more money than that when I ate here before the takeover took place, but maybe others didn't tip at all.  So, I am still skeptical of this new eating experience.  Will I eat at a "Field Kitchen" again?  I'm not so sure.  This restaurant made a trade off in getting rid of their buffet and replacing it with slightly better tasting food, and their concept is still fresh tasting fare, but for me some of that magic is lost.
1	Yeah Just got an email they will be converting the FK's back to Sweet Tomatoes.I used to love, love this place but now....A terrible experience. The great old place is now gone. People were turning around and walking right back out the door while we were scratching our heads trying to figure out the wall sized menu which is massively confusing  not to mention the idiotic set up and hoops you have to jump thru just to get your meal.Now I wish we'd left too and went over to one of the other eating places in the lotBy the time my daughter and granddaughter got their food  My soup was cold from waiting for them it took so long.SO if you are on a lunch break forget it. You will not have enough time to eat if you get anything beside the salad bowl and cup of soupAnd now for $6.99 you get only a cup of soup period , a  non refillable salad and bread and a frozen yogurt cup. The ranch dressing has also been watered and is now flavorlessWell I don't eat the bread or yogurt there. So I didn't end up with any variety and that was boring too.Everything else is extra and they give you this stupid credit card thing they swipe at each station and you pay on the way out.If you lose the card they charge you $50.00 and you need a card for each person over the age of 4.There was also an additional $1.50 SERVICE CHARGE tacked onto the bill as well.Seeing that we served ourselves I have no clue what that was. Too bad we left as much of a tip as we did since we were charged extra.The mushroom soup  that use to be great was an awful gummy mess  and I actually got sick with terrible cramps about a half hour after eating and had to go running around looking for a bathroom while still on the road and afraid I would not make it to a bathroom in time.I have never gotten sick on their food beforeThe girls has the rotisserie chicken with the mashed potatoes. The potatoes were awful and bland and the chicken was way too salty and they left 3/4 of the food on their plates  it was so bad.I understand the chicken soup is no longer good either. People around us were also grumbling with dissatisfaction over the changeThe only good thing I can say is they did spruce it up inside. But I'm not there for just the decorIf they have sense they will go back to the way it was. I'd be willing to pay a higher price if it was the same. After 6 years of eating there at least twice a month, we will not be going back.It's 4 hours and a dose of Pepto later and I still feel ill as I write this.A little addition hereI also posted on their Facebook page about getting sick on the food. They said they would get back to me shortly and never did. They are also sanitizing that page of all the horrible reviews they are getting and only  leaving up what you can only think are shill reviews. But it won't work. Sadly it's all over Sweet Tomatoes. Little update: we tried the new Sizzler on Country Club & Southern and it was great. Tons of fresh veggies on the unlimited salad bar including peel and eat shrimp, avocados and even whole hard boiled eggs. Also tons of other prepared choices like crab salad and so forth. Three soup choices too. And you also get the taco bar which includes hot wings, pasta with meatballs and sauce. Vanilla soft serve for desert .So if you are anywhere in the area there is another option
2	My boyfriend and I miss the old Sweet Tomatoes...It is no longer a buffet but you can still make your own salad if you wish. We opted to order one off the board and it was good but I wouldn't say fantastic. Looks like we should of made our own. We also order the chicken with Irish mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. While everything did taste good it was not the healthy meal we were looking for. The chicken was SUPER greasy and it was rotisserie. I think they ladle butter or drippings on it before serving. The mac and cheese said that is had bacon in it but the bacon was over kill.  All you could taste was the bacon, which sounds good in theory but nope. It was my least favorite. The potatoes were good but you could taste the fat in it. We also got the "infused" lemonade which is infused. I watched her pour some sort of berry concentrate into lemonade and shake it. The ambiance it ok. The employees are nice but the whole set up can be confusing. You have to got to each individual station to get order something. Why go there when you can just go to a regular restaurant and a server can do the running around for you?Also, today I wrote a comment on their Facebook wall.. no response but I did notice they got write of my post right away. Seems like they don't want feedback.
4	I am new to the Sweet Tomatoes experience, but I have to say that I'm enjoying the change to the Field Kitchen environment. Having an option that's so affordable and close to my office is excellent. Being greeted by a living herb garden is a great touch and it makes the health food geek inside me smile. I also really like the addition of carving meats and rotisserie.Overall, I'm excited for the new change and am eager to see if Sweet Tomatoes takes this concept to a national level! I can't wait to see what they do next!
2	Just went to one of these for the first time, post conversion. As a PDMA (Product Development Management Association) member working toward NPDP certification, I'd love to know what research process led them to this model - it has some serious flaws.- When we came in, we essentially were given a "class" by a VERY soft-spoken hostess. She gave us "Smart Cards", including one for our two year old. We asked about that, and she took it back.- We just wanted "Sweet Tomatoes" - what we had grown to expect. It was there, with some differences. There was the "Smart Card" swipe, with no real explanation. The salad bar was the usual - and good. But only three choices of soups, plus a little dish of mac and cheese. There was no indication that there might be more elsewhere, or if we'd be expected to pay more for it. The dressings were rather runny, and doled out by the cupful by a person behind the counter - you're out of control in regard to whether you want to add more or less, or mix dressings.- There was no real explanation about drinks. There were three of us. I wandered around finally asked someone "How do I... wind up with a beverage?" He pointed me at the beverage island - which is actually separate from the actual beverages - to get glasses. I was there with two other adults, and I told the girl at the counter that I needed three glasses. She swiped all three cards. I mentioned that two were for water. She UN-swiped two cards. Good thing I mentioned it, or I'd have been charged for three fountain beverages. There was no indication of how to ask for a glass for water, and not be charged.- Apparently, fresh bread is included, but this was never explained to us, nor did we see where the bread was, or how to get it without having the "Smart Card" swiped. We skipped the bread.- The "Smart Card" in particular, isn't very "smart." It's confusing. There is no way to know what you've spent without trying to keep track of it in your head, or writing it down as you go. It's a standard magnetic swipe card. The "instructions" for the restaurant, written in the menu, make it very clear that anyone over the age of 4 HAS to have a "Smart Card" to exit the restaurant, even if all the food is purchased on one card. There's a note on the back that a "lost or damaged" "Smart Card" will result in a $50 charge. More than the lost ticket charge at most airport parking garages. Just the NAME of the card is intimidating - "SMART Card" implies that if you're confused by it, or don't understand... you're not "Smart."- They add a 7.5% gratuity, without asking. If you want to remove it, I assume you have to sort of make a scene to do so - which many people would be embarrassed to do.- The tableware and napkins were in galvanized buckets on the table. I'm no "germophobe", but that sort of "squicks me out." What happened to that tableware prior to my arrival? Did anyone sneeze? Use it, wipe it, and put it back? And why is everything stuffed point down into a bucket? How clean is that bucket? And why no napkin dispenser? We're very informal at home, except for special occasions, but at least we have a napkin holder and silverware tray.- I counted at least 2.5x as many employees as before. Add that up, salary plus benefits. There was a whole person swiping cards, another doling out dressing, another swiping cards and giving glasses. There were also a lot of hosts/hostesses sort of wandering around, answering questions.- The core demographic for Sweet Tomatoes tended to be older people - seniors. I asked a hostess how it was going, and she confirmed this. She said that most long-time customers were NOT returning after an initial visit post-conversion.The best way to get a senior customer in particular to not return is to make them feel confused and stupid, and I got the impression that "Field Kitchen" was doing just that. Add in the implied intimidation of the possible charge associated with a "lost or damaged" Smart Card.... and you have a perfect way to get your core customers to try something else.On the other hand, the food was good, and the staff was nice, though visibly frustrated at times. While we exited (with Smart Cards firmly in hand!) another customer was asking for the manager, to explain what her bill came to, and why.All in all... I'm not really certain what VoC or focus group/1:1 exercises Garden Fresh went through to arrive at this, but their participants, moderators, inquiry structure, ethnographics, and interpretation matrix should probably be re-examined. I didn't get the impression that the piece they've created fits the puzzle.From another article I read (this post is mostly transcribed from a comment I left there) I understand that Garden Fresh spent two years, $2MM, and hired 250 new employees to run this experiment. I'm genuinely interested in knowing how they arrived at... THIS... from a professional basis, so I don't make the same mistakes.
1	My family and I have been going to sweet tomatoes for years.   I was really excited about the new sweet tomatoes field kitchen in tempe and so we dined there this afternoon.The supposed new and improved food was subpar.   I payed ten bucks for a Japanese steak wedge salad and let me tell you it was not worth it.  the steak had been sitting out for awhile and the salad itself was not very good.   My husband and daughter had the baja shrimp salad and the shrimp was mushy and gross.   I don't like the idea of being nickled and dimed which is what they do.   Who wants to mess with keeping up with cards.  I liked that they tried out rotisserie meats but they failed on the execution as the meat was kinda flavorless.    I tried the red velvet cup cakes and the smores cookie and it was just bleh.   I felt the food was mediocre at best.
1	What have they done???We walked in, got the "tour" of the new field kitchen model and walked out. Too confusing, too expensive. We loved the old Sweet Tomatoes. We wll not be back to that mess.If its not broken, dont fix it. Whoever decided to change the concept thought they were smarter then they were. Dumb Idea.
1	OMG-Bring back the regular Sweet Tomatoes.  The place is a disaster.  You walk in and are confronted by chalkboard menu that is overwhelming and a hostess who has to explain everything to you.  They still have a do it yourself salad bar that is a scaled down and not for the better version of the old Sweet Tomatoes, except you have a server who doles out the watered down salad dressing to you in individual paper cups. You end up paying more and getting less than the original concept.  They also have taken away their great strawberry lemonade. Even though you are with your family you are all given your own order cards---dumb.  Suffice it to say we will never go back to a Field Kitchen and will just have to drive further to a original Sweet Tomatoes.  Decor was only slightly modified from the old place and still has the gross original sweet tomatoes carpet.
1	The "Sweet Tomatoes" that we love for years is sadly gone. The Field Kitchen is truly a disappointment. It is more expensive, you pay more and you get less.  Not sure if I can say taste better, just taste different. And where is my must have wonton chicken salad!!?? Its gone! Chicken noodle soup is not even the same! Sweet Tomatoes, we go to the old "Sweet Tomatoes" on a weekly basis for many years, and if you care big fan customer like me. Please don't remodel the rest of your locations, cuz I will not go to Field Kitchen!
4	I've been to Sweet Tomatoes a few times and I have to say, I like the new changes they're making.The whole look on the inside is different - and in a good way. I like the new decor right when you walk in. It's a nice change, and makes everything look more modern and fresh.As far as the food goes, I also like the new additions. I had the rotisserie chicken and the creamed corn and both were pretty darn good.Overall - it's nice to see them evolving and changing things up.
5	I'm reposting this from my last review, however I'm adding a star because I've returned and all their minor tweaks have been flattened out. Also -- I heard they'll be serving local brews soon, huge plus!!Was accidentally dragged into going here after my aunt became "gluten intolerant" and we were searching for lunch in the area.Not that I am saying I'm too good for Sweet Tomatoes, but I was taken aback by all their new changes! Sweet Tomatoes Field Kitchen has evolved into a kick ass concept. Goodbye dusty old salad bar! They have rotisserie meats, bomb mac n cheese and daringly good brussels sprouts.They've revamped the interior with a cute, farm meets the modern world take and I am liking it! Le Creuset pots? Adorable!The card at the door is a little funky, but it makes it feel less like a buffet to me. Overall was a great experience, wasn't a fan before, but I'm diggin' the new change!
4	I wandered into Sweet Tomatoes...err, Sweet Tomatoes Field Kitchen on a whim out to dinner with my family, and what a surprise! The interior has been renovated to give it a fresh, lively and welcoming feel along with a crop of super-friendly staff who were there to explain the change and walk us through the new concept.I ordered the Japanese Steakhouse Wedge (to fulfill my craving for ST's Oriental Chicken Salad that I love so much) and it was better than anything I had ever eaten at the old Sweet Tomatoes. Extremely fresh with perfectly-cooked beef and a delectable dressing that I've been thinking of ever since..The rest of my party tried the rotisserie beef brisket, pork ribs and the Baja Shrimp salad, all of which were enjoyed all around. I snuck a bite of the Mac n Cheese with bacon and caramelized onions -- that and my salad were worth a trip back, for sure!It's a bit more pricey than the OG Sweet Tomatoes, but worth it. I wasn't a big frequenter of the original concept but can definitely see myself visiting the new ST/FK every few weeks. Looking forward to trying some of the other menu items!
4	i was hesitant about the change but gave it a shot. you can still do the "make your own salad" bar with some soups and the same mac n cheese they used to have.but you can also do a fancy-pants salad. i got the california cobb. it had this awesome chunky shredded turkey that they now roast on site. tasted like legit roasted turkey, not a preprocessed slab of meat. and this salad was, i think, cheaper than the old sweet tomatoes salad bar.didnt get to try any deserts though, they were all sold out on the night i went.biggest complaint, i guess, was that i wish they woulda given me an actual cup for water, not some rinky-dink 6oz plastic thing.
1	Field Kitchen threw away everything good Sweet Tomatoes had to offer. Don't bother wasting your time -- increased pricing, charges for every little thing. Not worth it. Terrible business idea. Families -- no longer free ice cream for kids. Incredibly disappointed and will not return. You can only go up to the salad bar once now, even if you don't order a la carte. Seems like they were trying to lower food costs and destroyed their core business in transition.
2	This restaurant changed format about 4 weeks ago, according to the staff, and I have to say that the changes are an utter failure for me... Used to be a relatively healthy buffet with great build-your-own salad variety along with soups, comfort foods, and desserts. Most of the key ingredients are still there, but they've changed to an a la carte system that requires you to tote around a hotel-key style card to register your purchases as you go. I had the salad bar, which includes a few basic soup choices. Their better soups are now "premium" upgrades that are not included in the salad bar price like they used to be. The chicken noodle soup was especially disappointing, as they used to have a very tasty made-from-scratch soup with thick noodles and good-sized chunks of meat. The new chicken noodle soup tasted alright, but not nearly the quality of what they served before. I would also note that the chicken noodle soup looked / tasted suspiciously like Progresso. Salad dressing was a huge letdown, as well. I poured the house Ranch dressing on my salad and ate my soup. When finished with the soup, I turned back to my salad to discover that the dressing had completely settled at the bottom of the salad bowl leaving a thin watery residue across the top of my salad - are they actually watering down their dressing now? The basic salad bar includes a bowl of frozen yogurt, but devoid of all the toppings choices (nuts, sprinkles, hot fudge, caramel, etc) that they used to offer. The drink tender asked me how I was doing and I said, "Fine. How are you?" He said, "Well, been dealing with some complaints lately." I told him I could see why and that I didn't really care for the new format. He suggested just piling the salad bowl as high as you can and making do - since you only get one trip through the salad line now, he seemed to assume that my disappointment was limited to the loss of making return trips for salad. Even the staff seems a bit weary of dealing with customer confusion and dissatisfaction since the changes. Upon leaving, I found that the prices are about 20% higher than before and they automatically add a 7.5% gratuity to your bill unless you object to it at the register (a small note on the register screen flashes that notice as you checkout - blink and you'll miss it). I noticed that they've removed quite a few tables to create more space in the restaurant and yet there were more open tables there than I'd ever seen before - an indicator that their clientele is expressing disapproval also?Overall, the food is still good qualty (which is why I still rated it 2 stars), but I think that they've gone cheapskate in a few key areas while raising prices, most notably in reducing the add-in options when building your salads, downgrading the chicken noodle soup, charging extra for most of their soups, skimping on the dressings (maybe watering them down too?), and going away from a buffet and more towards a cafeteria style experience. Needless to say, the changes are pretty dramatic and I don't think a single one of them was implemented with the goal of improving the diner's experience. I reckon the new format will increase the restaurant's profit margin quite a bit in the short-term but will wind up driving away many loyal diners once they've experienced the new format once or twice. I and the other members of my party all expressed that we don't think that we'll come back after sensing the downgrades. If you've never eaten here before, you may like the new style. If you have eaten here before, I can pretty much guarantee that you won't like the changes that they've made.
2	$27 for lunch for 2 adults and 2 kids?  Seems a little pricey!  I will say DITTO to everything everyone else has to say here.We were greeted when we went in the door.  The hostess gave us a TOUR.  We were given cards.  I've got to say that if you need to "EXPLAIN" how to eat at a restaurant, you're going to drive people away.   When she was done, she said "if you decide to stay..."  I thought that was a strange remark, that's BAD SALES, there should NEVER be a reason for someone to walk in and walk out.It took quite awhile for us to FIGURE out what to do.  My little one was about ready to explode because all she wanted was mac-n-cheese and some bread and we couldn't find it. I decided to get the salad bar COMBO.  I went there and had to wait for someone to set a tray for me.  I didn't understand what the "sides were".  Is a side, the brocolli salad, is it pasta?  I don't know nothing was labeled.  I assumed the Broccoli salad was a side so I filled my side bowl with it.  let me tell you, I FILLED IT because there's no seconds in this salad bar.My daughter and wife each got pasta.  2 choices by they way.  Like it would be hard to develop a couple of different sauces?  The hostess said the pasta is "a huge" bowlful.  When it came out it was on a 10 inch plate and there was at least 2 inches on either side with no pasta .  I asked a manager, "Is this a $6 plate of pasta?"  He said that it was a little light and gladly had the "chef" remake it.Oh if you're going to remodel a restaurant.  Rule number 1 is replace the dingy old carpet.  I can't believe they left that in there.  They could have put a nice vinyl (wood) down for next to nothing and it would have really spruced up the place!We usually go to Sweet Tomatoes about once or twice a month.  With the "FAMILY" coupon it costs us $20 for dinner.  I know that's a little on the cheap side, I'd probably even be willing to pay $25 for the same thing.  The old place is such a good value when you have 2 little kids who don't eat much. I really hope they take these reviews to heart before they go and convert all the Sweet Tomatoes in the valley  to this new format.  I probably won't be going back.  There's much better places to go to for the money.  Really test this concept for 6-12 months before investing more.  As I see it right now 74% of the these reviews are 3 stars or less.  We already lost SouperSalad, now Sweet Tomatoes.  I'll have to start eating at Golden Corral.  YUK!!!
2	They clearly spent megabucks remodeling this place and made some bad mistakes in the process. If the trend is towards healthy eating options, they are moving in the opposite directions. Baked potatoes and yams have been replaces by smashed potatoes and other high-carb, high-fat options. Mac & cheese appears at two separate locations, just in case you miss the first. The 3 comes-with-the-salad soup choices were all sad, overcooked, under seasoned. The premium soups were no better. The cornbread was cold and lifeless. The dessert "gourmet" cookies were soggy and overly sweet. I rated it two stars because the greens were fresh, the decor was pleasant,  and the servers were totally sweet and over-the-top helpful. I give the place 6 months. Ninety percent of the time I eat at indie restaurants. Make that 95% now.
2	This concept is totally idiotic!After having a bad day, we decided to go with some familiar comfort food.Upon entering we knew that things were different and there was a nice young woman who was there to explain it all.  I was willing to give this a try, but we found out immediately that it's no longer a buffet.I've never had to be given a tour with detailed instructions how to order at a restaurant before and still didn't understand.  It was move like we had to *trained* on how to order.Each person gets a card with a magnetic stripe and you're expected to get it swiped at every station you go to.  A swipe for your salad.  A swipe for your soup.  A swipe for your meat.  Older people and families with lots of kids are really gonna hate this!Then you pay at some register that's either in the soup section or the salad section.  I'm not sure which.  By that point at was so annoyed and had stopped paying attention and we left.Admittedly, this review is not about the food, but the complete confusion we felt immediately despite their friendly and patient staff.This is horrible idea and I hope abandon this test concept soon!
1	The food was fine, or just as fine as I found it before. The issue is the concept. Swiping a card everywhere I go? If you have to have a ton of staff just to show people how the restaurant works, you're doing something wrong. I watched our "guide" bump into two different people as he showed us around, which goes to show that everyone else was just as disoriented as we were. Keep it simple!
2	By the way, this restaurant is still open. Now it's called Field Kitchen, and if you liked the original Sweet Tomatoes concept, you are going to hate this. Gone is the "all you can eat" concept. Now you go through the salad bar line, ONCE, they give you the dressing (you don't fill up yourself), and you get ONE bowl of soup. There's still all the bread you want but everything else is extra. They have added a beer/wine/specialty drink bar, lots of additional sides and the four special salads they used to have at the beginning of the salad bar has been replaced with several salads that are very expensive.We were in the Tempe restaurant today at noon when it should have been packed. There were eight tables...my husband counted them and no one was going for all the specialty items which cost more. Also gone are the desserts...now they are extra. The only thing you can have your fill of is yogurt.We went to this restaurant specifically today because I had an adjustment to my braces and the only thing I can comfortably eat is soup. I paid $10 for one bowl of soup.At this rate, this place really will close and that will just be a darned shame.
1	Duh! Field Kitchen is the stupidest idea ever, I will NEVER go back. They don't even have any toppings for the frozen yogurt.
1	Never going back.What  a disappointing waste of time. My wife and I were in the area (Tempe) and haven't been to Sweet Tomatoes in a while, so we decided to stop in. From the outside everything looked the same as last time, except for a small sign out front that said something about a "field Kitchen"...not really noticeable. As we walked in we soon noticed that things were not the same. It was total confusion from the start when we were asked if we had been to a "field kitchen" before and were then in the middle of a tour? We were instructed on how to order a salad and about the separate stations that were available. Gone were the long and endless serve yourself salad bar, soups, focaccia and other familiar items. You could still "build" your own salad, but over half of the original toppings were available and only two choices lettuce...old yellow and a mix of spinach and  some bitter red leaves. And at the end of the line a dressing Czar inquires about the choice of dressing...how weird.You are now REQUIRED to carry a CARD with you at all times to purchase items "A la carte" at the various stations. Swipe for your salad, swipe for your drink, and  swipe for your entree. The "basic" salad included a smallish bowl...cup for one of the three soups and a smaller cup possibly the mac & cheese. There was also a small waffle cup that you could take to the soft serve machine...no toppings available. And gone was the fruit and desert bar?The end of the line for me was when I had finished my disappointing salad and ventured over to the entree area...sticker shock! $2 for basic side items, $4 for pasta $5-$6 and up for pre-cooked meat items. NO WAY was this Sweet tomatoes! We finally had enough and made a line for the door. Once at the register it was apparent from the couple in front of us that  they eliminated their senior discount, raised their prices, and add an automatic 7.5% gratuity to the total. What? If the government ever ran a restaurant, this would be IT!      We hope that ST takes these reviews seriously and dose not ruin the remaining locations with this ridiculous concept.
3	I am a regular Sweet Tomatoes / Souplantation customer and was really hesitant about the changes to "Field Kitchen." But, I would kick myself if I didn't at least try it once for myself, and honestly, it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.I just got the regular combo which comes with a huge bowl for create-your-own salad (they've added some new toppings to the salad bar), a bowl for soup, and a smaller bowl for pasta or another side. It also comes with a waffle bowl for ice cream and bread. For one (with no drink) for dinner it was a little over $9 which is comparable to what I used to pay, without a coupon. And for me, I was STUFFED with that much food... But if you eat a lot and are used to the buffet, you may be disappointed. I would like to try other stuff on the menu, as it all looks really good. The quality of the food seems to be improving. Also, they now serve beer and wine.Now for the downsides...-Mandatory 7.5% service charge on every check. I heard from an employee who worked at this location that their pay got docked to like $5 an hour, which could explain this charge. -Confusing. They haven't worked all the kinks out yet for ordering/paying. -Less options if you just do the regular combo... Only 3 soup options, only mac&cheese (albeit I heard it was better quality), and no more tossed salads or tuna tarragon :'(... you can get other soups/pasta/meat for a premium price... vegetarians and people with gluten allergies are going to have issues.-No more toppings at the ice-cream machine, not even chocolate syrupOverall, I think that to implement this new concept, the Garden Fresh franchise should have bought up new restaurants and made a different change. Some loyal Souplantation/Sweet Tomatoes customers are going to be really unhappy with the new changes, because you can no longer get all-you-can-eat. Others, like me, who don't mind a normal (I'd consider heavy) portion size, will be excited to see new changes and new options. As long as they keep the salad bar, I'm happy.
2	Would have given it one star, but the food quality was solid.The whole thing comes down to the stupid card concept and the over complicating of meal ordering.  We go to Sweet Tomatoes/Souplantation/Souper Salad/Fresh Choice BECAUSE IT'S A BUFFET!!!!!  The idea that I need some carry a card around to track what I eat is ludicrous!  Talk about over complicating things.Ordered the build your own salad and barely filled the bowl.  Of course, only having like 6 leaves of romaine lettuce to get while there was a bucket of spinach didn't help the cause at all, but I digress.  That was one card swipe and it covered the salad, soup, desert and bread.  If I would have wanted to throw in a slice of pizza (which isn't there any more) that's another swipe; visit the rotisserie = another swipe.  Go to the drink island (WTF!) that was another swipe.  Point being is that if you're running a restaurant of any kind and can't track what's on a tray, then it's likely too complicated.  Just the idea of not being to go to a soda fountain and not have glasses waiting is mind boggling.That said, the food was good, environment was nice, but way too uppity for what it is....A BUFFET!!!!  Whoever the MBA that came up with this idea should be flogged and just reset it to what was.  The price is certainly cheaper and while it's a one trip salad bar, you can load that mofo up and take home the extra.  But still...who wants to do that at....A BUFFET!  Oh...and another thing...why church up all the salad dressings?  Is it too hard to just have Italian?  Yep.  Gotta have "basalmic vinagrette," because Italian is too peasant-like or something.I suspect this place will be closed within 6 months.  Sad because we actually liked Sweet Tomatoes.
4	we were surprised at the change. we didn't know when we went there that they had undergone such a transfermation. but we were pleased with the quality of the food for the price. we just went for the basic salad and soup deal, and were pretty happy with it. while it's true that on most items it is no longer buffet (one trip through only), it is still a great deal! they give you a giant bowl to create a salad, and they now let you bring home your leftovers. for around $8 per person (including automatic gratuity, and tax) we recieved an abundance of tasty, fresh food. thumbs up. the people who don't like the new prices/procedures are going to mostly be folks who just don't like the change from an all buffet set-up, or the ones who are just too confused/challenged to understand the new card deal....it is a bit confusing at first, but it works. one more note; while nearly everything on the salad bar was good, stay away from their potato salad...it's awful (too much sweet relish makes it unbearable!).
3	Yeah or nay? Not sure yet. Some serious kinks need to be worked out before the Old Sweet Tomatoes becomes one of my new favorites - Field Kitchen.  One shouldn't have to work so hard to understand a concept.If you were used to the old Sweet Tomatoes - which was obviously successful, if you judge by the number of customers that were always here - then you are probably going to be confused, as I was, by this new concept.  It is so confusing that, if you haven't been to the new concept, it requires a TOUR GUIDE to help you understand how it all works now.  At the end of our 5 minute tour (yes, really!) by a nice young man, I was standing in the middle of the floor saying "huh?" They still have the Salad Bar, although somewhat reduced in options; and they've added some real meat options for those carnivores who always hated to tag along with their salad divas. They also have made-to-order specialty salads and dishes.A lot of the little extras that you used to enjoy with your salad either don't exist anymore, or you have to pay extra.  I do think the quality has been stepped up a notch. A really good thing.But, and it's a big BUT, they still really have some kinks to work out. I'm an editor, no not just books and papers, but of life. I would like to give them a nice long list of kinks that, from a regular customers' point of view, need to be worked out before a somewhat good idea becomes another failed restaurant!
4	I've read a lot of the negative reviews and it looks like it really comes down to whether you were a fan of the original all-you-can-eat format.  I'm a big fan of the Field Kitchen concept.  I'll admit, the format is likely to be confusing for a first-time customer, but the hosts will walk you through the changes.  Once you're familiar with the format, the many choices are a major plus.  The food is definitely an upgrade, although if you were a fan of the do-it-yourself salad and soup format, that option is still available and you can end up paying LESS than under the old format.  I really like that if I only want a bowl of soup and bread, I only have to pay for what I order and I don't feel like I need to eat more than I really want just because it's available.  At the same time, if I'm in the mood for something more substantial, like dinner of pork ribs or turkey, or a gourmet salad I can do that too.  The service is also a big upgrade over the original Sweet Tomatoes, not to mention a different class of customer from the old crowd that used stand around the soup in order to pick out the meatballs or chicken out of the soups to put on their salad so they don't have to pay any extra for the grilled chicken they had available in the salad bar.  For me, that's one of the biggest and best changes resulting from this switch in format.  There are bugs to work out, but they've improved in the handful of times I've visited.That's what it boils down to -- if your heart is set on a buffet, you won't be happy, so go somewhere else.  If you're more concerned about good food, you'll be pleased with Field Kitchen.
1	My little one and I were excited to get some Sweet Tomatoes. We were craving the soups, salads, and other goodies. Being a budget minded mother, Sweet Tomatoes is pocket friendly and reasonably healthy. It's also laid back. After today, I'm sad to say I won't be visiting the Tempe Sweet tomatoes anymore because if I wanted to spend $10.00+++ on a bowl of soup and some dingy salad I'll go somewhere else. What made Sweet Tomatoes a success was that it was a buffet. I honestly foresee this as a flop.
1	I'm so angry and confused right now. Whoever came up with this concept should be beaten severely. I can't imagine how the elderly are taking it. I'd rather have hoards of obese children running and screaming, than this abomination.
2	Fear not Sweet Tomatoes fans.  I just received an email from saying they have "heard my feedback" and are changing it back to the way it was "sweeter than ever".I guess the 2.5 stars it received was enough to give it a second thought and pull the plug.  I think if they went ahead and converted all the restaurants to Field Kitchen it would have bankrupted the company.Good riddens.
3	Field Kitchen is closed! They are switching it back to the original Sweet Tomatoes and will reopen in April.
3	Well we had not been to Sweet tomatoes for a while now. So when we got coupons on line yesterday we thought we would go.Drove over here and guess what it was closed.Nothing good about that. Though the sign said they will be opening in a few weeks.If they sent us a coupon they know which one we go to the most. We used to go here at least every 2 weeks.They should of let us know this location was closed. You know they track you when you use coupons.
1	= = = = =  SWEET TOMATOES BUFFET COMES BACK FROM THE DEAD!!  = = = = =Thank heaven for miracles!!  "Sweet Tomatoes Field Kitchen" disaster has finally fallen flat on its face & they are converting the two of them (here & Peoria) back into regular Sweet Tomatoes!Yay!  4 Stars really beats 1 Star!!     :-))
1	I was going to give this location another chance. I thought, at least I won't have to be given a tour this time. I believed that I understood the concept enough to have a decent lunch.. . . when what to my wondering eyes . . . darn! the sign on the door said that they were closed for 90 days!90 days while they put it all back like it was? You have got to be kidding me! Did you not learn anything????Geez . . . I could have told them that it needed some serious tweaking to make that new concept work. (Didn't they read my previous review? Or some of the others? Listen to your customers.) But, you know, it did have some good points that I hope they carry over to the return of the original TOMATO design. Or are you just going to go back to whence you came? Did you not feel that Tomatoes needed to be updated? Isn't that why you tried something new in the first place? We'll wait and see if you learned anything from this little (and probably expensive) experiment. Wait and see; wait and see; wait and see. . . . .
1	You took something that was not broken and broke it.I DO NOT come to Sweet Tomatoes to drink wine & beer. The location recently was remodeled and now has a wine and beer offering.Now you are trying to upsell me on Steak.Now you are trying to upsell me on cookies.The remodeling created a terrible flow to the food area. I constantly was running into people and people running into me with the huge 'soda' machine and drink island in the middle of the food area.When we visited it was busy, but the staff was unable to keep the appearance and cleanliness of the salad bar, soup area, dessert station tables up to par.The reasons I come to Sweet Tomatoes is because it isn't like other salad bar places. It has always been clean and the food has always looked great.Last night, nothing could have been further from the truth.We sat on the patio. When we were leaving, there were 8 tables that had trays and food on them & needed cleaned. Nobody to be found to clean them.Lots of food selections were bare. I LOVE the chicken noodle soup. Nothing but a big vat of broth ...no chicken...no noodles...on 2 separate visits to the soup area.Stop trying to be something you are not!
4	This one isn't closed anymore. They closed it temporarily to get rid of the Field Kitchen thing. It's been back open for a couple months now. Field Kitchen is gone! :) I saw they kept a couple things, like if you want to add chicken to your salad for a little extra cost. And i believe they kept the selling alcohol too. Doesnt seem to go with the kind of food you eat there but hey to each their own. Would be better if they had at least two soda stations instead of the one. You wait awhile when a few people are up at the same time. It's a pretty cool touch screen kind of thing though. Overall i'm glad it's back to just regular Sweet Tomatoes.
3	Ok, so ST is OPEN again. . . .back to being a Sweet Tomatoes . . . well, more or less. Some positive changes, some negative. Still a little confusing when you first enter. Actually had to ask a couple of questions before we could get started. It wasn't all intuitive, like the old Sweet Tomatoes used to be. And the price for "Salad & Soup" has jumped. The increase is not just a few cents, but a few dollars. It seems they have fewer choices than they used to have under the old Sweet Tomatoes umbrella . . . and they have "extras" that, of course, cost extra on top of the increased price. Yes, the cost of food has gone up while they were playing this game of "up-scaling', but not that much. It seems we are paying for what it cost them to give the Field Kitchen a try and then return to the old version.I will continue to go to ST, because I can still get a salad prepared to my liking - when I put it on the plate myself; but I will go less often to compensate for the increased prices. To Whomever is the Parent Company of Sweet Tomatoes: Next time think changes through more carefully & thoroughly, before you dump them out there. Even Test Changes.  This one was a fiasco and still isn't back to the great alternative ST was before  . . . .
5	Good news...Field Kitchen in Tempe, has been converted back to a Sweet Tomatoes. Where we were in the Sweet Tomatoes in Gilbert in January, we were told that the Field Kitchen idea had been the biggest mistake their company had ever made, and it was being converted back to the original. I guess they learned the hard way..."don't fix it, if it ain't broke!"
1	Went to the McClintock and Southern location and saw the new change. I'm sorry to say that it's horrible. Sweet Tomatoes has always been my favorite restaurant, and now I'm sad to say that I'll probably never be back. I loved building my salad and then getting up to sample soups and mac n cheese and what not. Now you can't do that. Also, the card swiping thing is EXTREMELY tedious and extremely irritating. It's annoying to have to wait in more than one line just to get your meal. And the metal tray with the metal bowls gets very heavy to carry. My grandmother couldn't even carry hers and push her walker at the same time. I'm so disappointed in this, and even more disappointed to hear that all of the Arizona locations will be changing into this. It's not worth my money or time. And other people sitting around us were just as upset.
