4	DiBella's is the best sub I have ever had in my life.  I'm from New Jorsey and I agree that it is hard to get both a good slice, and a good sub in this State.  Why is that?????  DiBella's needs to open a place here!  This was my forth time in Pittsburgh I do three things:  1-get a garbage plate. 2-go to see theSteelers. 3-get a DiBella's sub!!!The secret is the bread.  Baked fresh at DiBella's all throughout the day.  This aint no subway roll, bleaacchhh.  I don't know if they put an eggwash on the bread but it's got a shiny brown coating on it that is really good.  The next secret to a DiBella's sub is the condiments: all kinds of mustard and their oil is tops.  I prefer honey mustard and a thin coating of mayonnaise.  Secret # 3: peppers!!  They have sweet, hot, and banana. you gotta get the bananas!  They are those awesome sliced, neon yellow peppers that add just the right amount of kick to any sub.DiBella's does not skimp on the fillings...many layers of top-quality meat and cheese make these subs the best around.  Average prices for incredible sandwiches, corny 1950's decor with black and white tiled floor and wooden booths, but nobody comes here for the decor, they are comin' here for SUBS!!
5	This is a very good sub. Fresh hot cheese steak. Great bread. Good outside area and quick service. Loved it. Did not try the cold subs,but they looked great as well and huge.
4	This was a very good place that we happened into for lunch. Many places are closed on Sundays in Pittsburgh, so we were very happy to find this place open. We both got subs and really enjoyed them. They are reasonably priced. I would definitely go here again.
4	I've been here numerous times since they opened. DiBella's is one of the best subs you can get in Pgh, to say nothing of dahntahn. There's a large assortments of subs and meats - capicola, corned beef, chicken philly, genoa salami, ham, etc. I've had everything from the dagwood to the old fashioned, philly cheesesteak  to buffalo chicken. All quite delicious and a good balance between meat, cheese and toppings. And you can get them hot! Me does not like cold subs.The wait can be a little long during the lunch rush but I think they do a pretty good job considering the volume. The order takers are pretty friendly.Overall, this is one of my favorites in market square, esp. getting to-go when the weather is nice and you can sit outside and people-watch while eating.
3	It took me quite some time to even try this place as there was a line out the door every single time I went. I'm not a fan of waiting so I always put it off. I have been here a handful of times since and always had a pleasant experience.I think it's really great that Market Square is putting in so many food establishments, giving us downtown workers more options. Plus the subs are decent so it's not forcing you to eat something you don't like, ala Subway.Things I don't like about it.1.There is always congestion when you walk in because as soon as you walk in you order to the right. People just seem to be milling about for no reason.2. It becomes a large cattle call as the employees are yelling for your business. It's kind of like those people at the mall with the stuff that makes your nails really shiny.3. You're given numbers once you order so the entire time you're eating you hear the workers yelling out numbers like they're in a football huddle.4.I like a warm sub but I don't think any of them are cold. I had a chicken cesar today and it was warm. That may be your thing, but it's not mine.However1. Their bread is amazing. Far surpassing any sandwich shop downtown.2. The sizes are very generous.3. Serves is pretty fast4. They had great pasta/macaroni and potato salad.There are plenty of sub options to choose so I can't wait to see what I get my hand onto next. Just make sure you pay attention or they'll be walking around the room with your sandwich and you won't even know it. And who wants to eat a meatball sub that's been sitting out?
4	While on vacation and spending my last day in Pittsburgh I was in the mood for a sandwich and one that I could not find in Cincinnati. While walking around market square someone recommended DiBella's so I stopped in. It like your typical sandwich shop, go to the counter order your sandwich, watch them make it, tell them what you want on it, then pay. The sandwich was much tastier than a typical sandwich shop though. They highlight for me was the freshly baked bread. I had an Italian sandwich and enjoyed the meats that were used. Even though it was a chain, it didn't feel too chain like and it was higher quality than a typical chain shop. I hope someday DiBella's makes it way to my hometown of Cincinnati.
3	Favorite sub place!!!I love their subs.  The first time I came across a DiBella's was in Buffalo New York.  I was so EXCITED when they came to Pittsburgh.The subs are the way Gram used to make them: heat the meat and melt the cheese!!  The best part of the meal is always dessert and their cookies are to die for.  I love to bake and make excellent chocolate chip cookies but I love their cookies.I had to give this place only 3 stars becuase of the setup.  The door is always cramped at lunchtime and the line is always out the door.  They always seem to have enough staff on hand to make the line go quickly but you are fighting the people coming out of the restaurant.Once you pay for your food you have to fight to fill your drink.  Everyone stands by the registers to wait for thier food.5 stars for the food but 1 one star for the setup!
5	Talk about a great find! Stumbled in by chance and found the inside of the subway shop to be extremely charming and clean... and the bread + cheesesteak did NOT disappoint. It wasn't greasy and overbearing. Very very good! Will be back.
4	Wow, this is a good sandwich!  Everything tasted so fresh, and the sandwiches were expertly assembled.  Though I think the bread (which is made there in the store) really makes the sandwich, I am also a fan of the good quality meats they use.  The staff was helpful, friendly, and patient with me as an indecisive first timer.  Great location on Market Square.  Wish I had one of these back home!
3	If this review were based solely on service, they would have gotten 1 star. I am totally unimpressed with the staff at the Robinson location. The teen who waited on me mumbled and I couldn't understand him as he asked me what type of cheese I wanted. He seemed annoyed that I couldn't hear him. SPEAK-UP KID! While I was ordering a young lady came in to pick up a sandwich tray that had been pre-ordered. They could not find the tray and it took 5 out of the 7 people working to look for it and resolve the issue. That means that everyone else had to wait longer. The manager should have been able to handle that request alone, but they all turned it into social hour-laughing about how the tray wasn't made. I was beyond annoyed. But this isn't just about service...it's also about the quality of the food. The food is delicious. The subs are so yummy . The bread is perfect...not hard bread but not mushy either. Just perfect. They are a little bit pricy, but totally worth it. The house dressing is an oil dressing and it is perfect. So DiBella's...love the food, but hire some more competent people with some manners, PLEASE!
4	Really wonderful sanwiches! The plain bread is incredible....that sounds dumb, but once you've eaten here you will know what I mean.
5	Great subs.  Steel City Trio warm, YUM :)
1	Awful. Just awful. In this establishment, you order at a counter of shouting service-people, each vying for your attention at their line. You place your order (standard hot subs), and then, while you stand or sit to wait, workers run up and down the long restaurant yelling out order numbers. The atmosphere is chaotic, and yet the wait still managed to be quite long. The price was quite high: a regular-sized sub, a cookie, and a drink for $13. The worst part was the sandwich itself. The first time I went, I found it to be a very run-of-the mill hot sub. I was ambivalent. However, I decided to give it another shot and, though I had a similar experience with the services, the roast beef dip sub on whole grain was *absolutely disgusting.* The bread had an unpleasant, dry, dense flavor and texture, and the meat was highly salted leather akin to beef jerky. Dipping it in the au jus managed only to make it soggy and even saltier. Really, I would eat at any single place downtown before I will be back to this establishment or any of its other locations.
5	Best subs in Pittsburgh.Fantastic cookies.About the subs:Heavy on meat and cheese.Light on the veggies.Homemade bread.Delicious Dibellas exclusive oil based dressing.Reasonable prices.How can you go wrong here?
3	The Bread.Everything else is the same. I feel like that's all that is needed for this review. But that's the main reason I like DiBella's so much. I go regularly with a co-worker for a cold veggie sub on multigrain and leave extremely satisfied.
5	And I thought I knew what love was...
5	Great subs, bottom line.Fresh bread, a large variety of choices, hot or cold.Yum, yum, yum.
4	Greatest Sub in Pitts so far.  It's a lot better than it's neighboring sandwich shop (sorry neighbor). The restaurant is super clean and has a old school feel to it. I had the Godfather with everything on it. Fresh meat, fresh veges, and just an awesome sub. It's definitely a great bang for your buck. I'm headed back soon.
3	Chain sub shop. Much better than subway. Needs to improve the bread, a bit denser. And hectic during lunch.
4	Awesome sub - can't truthfully say it was the best sub ever but it definitely satisfies and I really like how you can personalize it and how quick they turn around your order.  Some of best sub bread I've ever had.  Beats Primatti Brothers hands down!
3	Good Chicken Philly sub with cheese, peppers and onions.  11 inches for about $7.  Bread wasn't that great; definitely didn't look like the "everything" one I chose on the counter.  It was burnt but not crispy.   If they improved the "fat" bread I would give it 4 starts.  Beats subway.  $2.50 extra for drink and chips or drink and cookie.
4	yum!  so far i've had the godfather and the italian sandwiches - very good bread and good portions of meat.  add some peppers and their really good oil / vinegar dressing, and you have yourself a nice sandwich.
3	A step or two above subway. Bread could be better, but good portions and fast delivery of food during lunch. I go often to dibella's
4	DiBella's is my favorite chain sub shop.I have to hand it to the employes, I went to this location on Light-Up Night, and I only had to wait maybe 10 minutes for my sub. Now, on a normal day, 10 minutes might be a bit long of a wait, but this place was PACKED because of all the festivities going on right outside the doors. Every other place we went seemed like an impossibly long wait for anything, so I give this location a lot of credit. Anyway, onto the food (you know, the important stuff). I think they have some of the best quality sub bread at DiBella's, I just wish there was a bit more variety to it. Your options are sesame, multigrain, everything, or plain. Maybe I've been spoiled by other restaurants, but I'd like a more artisan option as well. Everything on the sandwich tastes fresh, unlike some places. I like the Godfather, personally, but the cheesestake and the tuna salad sub are great options too (tuna salad can be tricky).DiBella's is a favorite of mine because everything tastes fresh and it's definitely worth the money.
3	Can't go wrong with DiBella's, but you can do better.  Not going to go into detail with this review.  The place is what you'd expect from a chain sub shop that is definitely better than Subway.  You'll be filled up with greasy cold cuts for around 10 bucks, the staff will give you the impression that they'd rather be anywhere else, and you'll be in and out in a jiff.  The subs are good, but there are better downtown.
5	My new favorite chain sub place in the Burgh!I was in the area one night and had my heart set on finally trying a burger from Winghart's. They were closed for remodeling due to a fire. So I walk into DiBella's and boy am I glad I did! When I walked in I noticed how clean the space was and that it had a old school feel to it.DiBella's not only offers subs but, salads, macaroni, potato and pasta salads, deli pickles and cookies as well. Think of Five Guy's but, with hoagies as you pick your bread, size of hoagie, cheese and toppings you want. I went up to the counter, looked over the menu and was ready to order. I went with a cheesesteak on their white bread, (similar to pretzel bread) provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato, banana and sweet peppers, mayo, BBQ sauce and steak sauce. I got my sub toasted so the provolone could melt a little more. I added a combo of chips and a drink also. I grabbed my bag of chips, went over and filled my cup and went down to the cash register to pay. The smell of my sub being made was absolutely intoxicating! A few minutes I sat down to enjoy my hoagie. Let me tell you, it was EPIC! From the fresh bread to the tender steak to the fresh condiments, it was truly one of the best chain store subs I've ever had! It was so good that a few days later I took my wife and daughter to get a sub as well. They also have a kids menu. Service was excellent as well as it was a little crowded but I got my sub fast!All in all a great place that is a defiant must try!
5	I really like DiBella's. The service and ordering system are both great. The sandwiches are very good and very fresh. I love their cookies too. DiBella's beats Subway hands down.
4	I loved DiBella's! We had the godfather there and it was insane, we topped it with everything we could think of and then some. I liked all their options but if you're a vegetarian they don't offer a huge selection. It is however, worth taking a stop by and checking this place out.I usually don't go to delis so this place really blew me away!!The location isn't the greatest, I love their subs but I wouldn't trek all the way downtown for them.
3	meh. uncle sams and jimmy johns are better. diBella's bread is delicious...soft and chewy...but jimmy johns tastes better. uncle sams cheesesteak is much more flavorful. the first time i ate at dibella's, i was very disappointed in their cheesesteak. it was bland. and i even got mayonaise on it. the second time i tried a cold cut sandwich. the roast beef wasn't as good as at jimmy johns, but the bread was really thick and tasty. i probably won't go back when jimmy johns is better and faster.
2	I don't get the appeal that results in lines out the door (or maybe that's just the poor setup where the line starts a few feet after you walk into the door.  First off, it is pricey for a sandwich shop.  On the upside, there are a lot of choices for you to customize your sub the way that you want it.  Lots of meats and accouterments to choose from.  The employees taking your order seem to be working at warp-speed, to the point where your head might be spinning after you place your order.  The cashiers and managers down at the other end tend to move a lot slower.  Yet, despite the frenetic pace of the front-line, I always seem to wait forever for my sandwich- usually about 10 minutes. To be clear, I order my sandwiches very simple.  You are given a number then someone is running back and forth from the counter trying to hand out the sandwiches. It is so unorganized and chaotic.  The sandwiches are fine, but nothing spectacular. The portions are generous- the small is quite large.  The large is ludicrous.  I wish they had a bigger assortment of bread- some with seasoning (like a Parmesan oregano, for example).  The pasta salad is good, but over dressed. The cookies are tasty.  Unless you have a coupon, be prepared to pay twice as much as you would at Subway.
4	Can I just say the obvious here?  It's Subway, on steroids.Everything is just about as similar as you can get. From how you order to how you pay. However, the most glaring difference here is the price. When I went to pay I about hit the floor. For their "medium" sub meal combo I could have had two foot longs at Subway.The thing that I did fall in love with here was the bread. I know the other place bakes theirs fresh as well, but it does not compare to this.  The crust kind of crumbles when you bite into it, and the innards are so soft and great at keeping what's inside, inside.  And do they ever load up what's on the inside, I'm not talking about the fillers. I'm talking about the actually meat.  I tasted more meat than veggie, which pleased me.The one thing that I didn't really like was not being able to see the toppings. It's great that they interact with you, but it's also hard to hear over everyone else that is in the restaurant.  Plus I like to see that what is put on the sub is as fresh as the bread.In summation, even though the price shocked me, the taste out shocked me. Is that a phrase?  Oh well if it isn't, I'm using it.
2	For a sub shop, this place has a limited range of ingredients and an even unfriendlier staff.  Upon entering, I was treated as if I didn't know what I was doing - which was true - and also annoying because I was asking about vegetarian options.  At that point, I'd leave a business, but I had limited time and don't know the downtown area well.  So, I ordered something that was overpriced and just filled with olives and roasted red peppers - which wasn't filling so much as just satisfactory.So, if you're a vegetarian or vegan, stay away from this place.Otherwise, I think meat-eaters might like this.  Truth be told, the service is what brings this review down.  This must be a place where teenagers who don't care go to work.
3	Nice standard sub shop, with great bread. Much higher quality than the nearby Jimmy John's and Subway.
2	Great bread and fresh meats.  You'll never go to subway again.   The roast beef is awesome.  And they have a spicy horseradish to go with it.  The bread is definitely the draw though.  Sesame, muktigrain and everything.
3	You down with OCD?  Yeah, you know me. I'm down with OCD, yeah, you know me.Okay, I'm a little obsessive compulsive and I like things to be orderly so that's why I'm tempering my rating.  The food itself was pretty good. My tasty cheesesteak with onions and peppers was only a medium but it was the size of a toddler's arm!  The guy who took my order was friendly and the dude who rang me up was nice but the ordering and paying process was so disorganized that I nearly had a panic attack.  Okay, it wasn't that bad but the place where you ordered was clogged with people waiting for their food so it was tough to tell who was waiting to order and who was waiting for food.  When you walk into a place and see a huge clump of people standing around, it doesn't really welcome you into the place.If they could separate the food delivery from the food ordering so that everything was linear and tidy, then it would make my very uptight soul incredibly happy.
5	So I went in here cuz almost everything I wanted was closed on a Sunday. Saw this place and figured why not. After going in I noticed the old school look. It felt comfy, so I look over the menu and see the cowboy a BBQ bacon chicken sub. I noticed all the food is cooked on the grill after ordering. After a short wait I bit in and taste what have to be one of the best subs I have had in my life. The price was good also and a med sub was more then enough. Would make this a reg spot I have to visit when I come to pitt along side the likes of primanti bro.
4	This was a first time visit and well worth the walk.  I went with the medium Godfather combo.  Huge size, awesome bread and meat/veggie's made this a keeper.  You always have to compare a hoagie to others and this dominates.  I will be heading back down the road.  I was scoping out the other subs at the table and I need to keep trying them out.
4	Stopped for a quick bite while walking around Market Square, and was not disappointed!I got the chicken cheesesteak, small size, which was actually not that small at all. They packed my sammich with legit chicken breast strips (not the usual shredded kind), which was awesome. The bread! It was soft and so chewy!There is a decent size dining room if you want to eat in. They also have options for other hot and cold sammiches. A good option for a quick, cheap and delicious bite.
4	Way better than Subway.
4	Great sub place!  They are more expensive then subway, jimmy johns, and quiznos but you get a lot more bang for the buck.  I got their godfather per recommendations and it was very good.
5	High quality subs, the bread was fresh and the staff is friendly! I will absolutely be back.
5	Went on a Saturday afternoon, around 3:00pm. The place had about 5 other people in it. Our party was of 4. The service was great and they were understanding of any questions I had!  They have a great customer service and manager who was working that shift. We had an incident and she was so quick to help and make sure we were happy. The feel of the location is great and enjoyable. Very relaxed and the food is delicious and of good quality!There is no reason people should go to Subway when DiBella's when this quality sub shop is right here!
