5	Do you ever find yourself making your own arrangements to go skiing or snowboarding and get a bit overwhelmed when dealing with transportation, hotels, and lift tickets?  Well, I have found that with the Phoenix-based Alpine Ski Club that you can get all of this packaged together at a great price along with rental discounts, a trip captain to serve a great resource, and many new friends!  In fact, the mission on their website is "to provide fun, affordable adventure trips for families, couples, singles or anyone looking for a hassle-free vacation."The Alpine Ski Club staff have been running these trips for years, and you can clearly tell.  Between my friends, co-workers, and me, we have enjoyed a few trips each season.  There are the turn-around trips to Sunrise or trips that are several days long to Telluride and Durango (and many other popular locations).  Sometimes, the trips even have themes.  So, should you be thinking of a ski trip whether you're going on your own or with others, check out this business since they may be able to package together everything and beat whatever price you otherwise found.
5	ROUND OF APPLAUSE FOR AWESOMENESS GOES OUT TO ALPINE SKI CLUB!!!A group of friends and I just got back from a trip to Telluride booked by Alpine Ski Club. I was a little nervous at first, for I am use to planning my vacations myslef. Well now that I have gone through Alpine Ski Club, I may just get use to someone else planning my new adventures. I can't think of one complaint nor was I disappointed the whole weekend we were away! When you first book your trip you have to pay a small deposit and then a month before your trip you have to pay in full. I really liked that Alpine has this "payment plan" for if you have the cash upfront you can pay in full or you can make payments. We had a friend drop out last minute and Lee was very understanding, we were able to replace our original person with a new person for a small fee. It was nice to be able to just give them the new persons name and know they would take care of everything else. The meeting place in Phoenix was perfect, the bus driver was great and the long journey seemed to go by pretty quickly. Our trip captain was very funny and knowledgeable about Telluride which was nice for me for I have never been and was educated on a few things! We stayed in the Lulu Condos in Telluride, the room was perfect for our group, it had a full kitchen, living room, 2 full bedrooms and a loft with 2 beds. We also had a hot tub right out the main door which was perfect to relax in after a long day of snowboarding! Last the location was great because their was a lift up the mounatin right accross the street from our room, a grocery store right around the corner and downtown Telluride only walking distance away!You get a lot of BANG for your BUCK with this company and they don't let you down! Thank you goes out to Lee and Alpine Ski Club for such a fantastic mini vacation! I will definitely be coming back next year!!!
5	3 years...3 years I've used this business and I can't think of a single thing to complain about... Seriously. Every year around mid to late January 6-7 of us go snowboarding in Telluride... and if your looking for numbers thats 6-7 of us at 330 a pop... you get a bus ride up (get to watch movies), bus ride back (you get a free lunch), 3 day ski pass, and a room/ extended living condo type room btw. When 1 day passes, In Telluride mind you,  run around $100 a day!? This is a steal! The trip captain's are always very informative, always friendly, and funny... sometimes haha! Hey they try!They also have trips to snowbowl, sunrise, and other areas.. O yeah and Chile... YEAH Chile in South America. These guys are everywhere and as far as I've seen the best bet for deals and safe travel to have a great weekend
5	Take A Peak At These MountainsSo it's winter or summer time, You want something to do,Who should you call?Alpine Ski Club, that's who.It doesn't matter if you ski or board,Just give Lee and John a call,Leave the details to them, However big or small.Jump on the bus, You don't have to drive,Even a day trip to Sunrise,Make it three or four or five.If you want to ski Telluride,They can get you there, 9 trips this winter, Somewhere else? Say where.Wolf Creek, Vail, Taos New Mexico,They have those too,Great rates and great prices,You won't have to sell your shoes.Go alone or with a group of friends,A day trip to Snowbowl,If you want to hit up Sunrise,They stop for dinner in Show Low.Durango Mountain, but of course,5 trips this season how nice,Don't hesitate to book it,Hell, book it twice.Surf the Rockies in April,Or boogie in Chile in August,You'll love how you're treated, Questions? Call to discuss. Cowabunga!!
5	The people that put Alpine together at fantastic Lee and John bend over backwards to make sure we have a good time. Every trip I have gone on has been amazing Cheap and a lot of fun. I understand that they put a lot of hard work into making sure we all have a good time.....Always go with Alpine as many times a year as I can..........Thanks again for all the great memories i have and will get.TellurideDurangoSunrise Every trip has been perfect....
5	I took my first trip with Alpine Ski Club this winter.  Amazing experience.  Very kind and professional.  John and Lee are great.  Captain Dave kept us well informed of everything and made sure we stayed on track.  We went to Taos NM and had a lot of fresh powder to enjoy.  The bus was safe and comfortable and I have already booked my next trip to Telluride.  Thanks Again for a wonderful time.
5	Hang 7 Dude!!By The RueJust got back from another Alpine trip,End of the season, I will never skip,This one is called Surf The Rockies,Rode a bus, not a horse like the jockey's.Three days and three nights what's the cost?Around four bills, borrow from Jack Frost,This is one trip you just have to make,Go by yourself or find someone to take. It's fun getting to know the people on the bus,If you get a little rowdy be respectful and not cuss, Only becuase there are women and kids around,This is one company I'm glad I found. Head over to the block party on Friday night,And go to Aplino Vino for a wine flight,Ski some runs with Linda the trip captain, Even if you can't ski that part of the mountain. Surf The Rockies is such an awesome time,Come to the Wii party and have some wine,Exchange stories and have a good laugh,Planning for next year, this trip I won't pass.Leave Thursday morning from the valley, Count all the memebers, what's the tally? Ski Friday, Saturday and Sunday,Wishing I was still there on Monday. Spread the word about Alpine Ski Club,Surf The Rockies, there isn't a sub,The other trips are all great as well,But this one is my favorite, it's swell. All Aboard!!!
5	Sunrise Into The SunsetMiddle of January it's 79 degrees,Get out of the desert and into the trees,So I did just that on Saturday,A day trip to Sunrise to ski and play.Jumped on the Sunrise day shuttle,Intentions were to board I wasn't subtle,The price you can't beat getting there and back,Lift ticket included, put your lunch in a sack.JJ the trip captain was a pro and helpful,His knowledge and help were instrumental,Especially for those who have never been before,On your 3rd trip $25 off you will score.They have a bus going up every weekend,Grab your mom, your brother or a group of friends,Zip down Nastar or try out Lupe,I promise you'll have an amazing day. Skiboski!!
5	I recently attended the Telluride Jan 9-12th, 2014 trip for the first time with a group of friends. From the start our trip captain and assistant trip captain were great. After experiencing the entire trip (bus ride, 3 nights stay, 3 days lift tickets, meals, dance, events, etc) and what you get for the price, I couldn't be any happier overall. We all had such a blast and look forward to further trips next season and ongoing. I mentioned this to some friends and they saw our photos and I know they too will be joining us next year. You have my loyalty for years to come. Overall experience A++++ If it wasn't for people like you, I would have probably never experienced the Telluride Experience through Alpine Ski Club.  -Tyler B
5	This is the best ski club ever!  The trips are affordable, the trip captains are the BEST ever!  John and Lee work hard to make it fun.
