4	Fast and friendly service. Food was fresh, hot, and tasty--nothing spectacular, but still much better than any of the local something-berto's Mexican food restaurants.Dining area was clean and open, and had a great view of the used car lot and Motel 6 across the street. ;)I'm definitely adding this to my rotation of local restaurants for lunch!
5	TThis place is just around the corner from my motel and just opened last summer.  I resisted coming here for awhile because I can get perfectly good Mexican food back home in San Diego.  But I finally stopped in about a week ago to get a lite bite before going to the movies with my daughter, just cuz it was close and cheap.  I got a three taco special for under $5 and it was perfect.  The atmosphere was nice, spacious, clean, Latin music in the background, very friendly clerks/owners.  The tacos were simple, and simply delicious. I got one steak, one chicken adaboba, and one pork.  The pork was my favorite.  I stopped in a few days later when I had to be out of the room so the maids could come in, got a Bacon and egg burrito with cheese, also under $5, and it was about the best breakfast burrito I've ever had.  I ate half there and saved half to eat for breakfast the next morning.  The reheated one was as good as the first  half.  Even home cooking doesn't get any better than this.  Both of the owners, a husband and wife team, are as nice as can be, which always makes a place more pleasant.
4	Always passed this place, and finally today stopped in for a burrito. I got the AL Pastor pork burrito. It was a little heavy on the refried beans, but overall was a very nice burrito. I'll come back again and try other things.
4	I went there after getting a mailer and found out it was dollar taco night.  I tried one Pastor, Carne Asade, and Chicken taco with rice, beans, chips and salsa.  The tacos were served on good flour tortillas and were substantial.  The meats were very tasty, but perhaps not as fresh as I would have liked.  They have a few salsas (mild and hot green and red) and an avocado sauce that are really nice on the tacos.  The chips and salsa was very week.  The chips served were store-bought, and were not appealing at all.  The salsas were the same options served with the tacos.  The tacos are most like street tacos you get in Mexico, but are likely much more safe for consumption.  The first experience was good enough that I went back for a breakfast burrito.  It was about 10:45 am.  Their website advertised that breakfast is served all day, and when I asked for a breakfast burrito they seemed unsure if they had the proper ingredients.  They confirmed that they were able to make breakfast burritos, and I was very pleased.  The breakfast burritos were huge.  I had one with eggs (probably 3) bacon and potatoes, and it was fresh and delicious.  I also added some of their salsas, and I have to say that was probably the best breakfast burrito I have ever had.  And I have had many.I recommend Zlantro.  It has great, authentic Mexican food, at a great price.
5	Tried several varieties of their meats tonight, in different iterations, and was quite pleased.  It's kinda like filiberto's/chipotle hybrid, but with a much more home made taste!  Standard taco, burrito, quesadilla type fair, but they some reaaaaally amazing looking breakfast items that I'm looking forward to trying, including Migas, Chilaquiles, and breakfast tortas!!  The owners are super cool, and the place has a bit of style. Super thrilled that it's so close to home :)
4	Very basic, but very good!  They are best known for their pork, but since I don't eat pork, I tried their beef & chicken.  I preferred their chicken but my wife liked the carna asada best, can't go wrong with either.  Everything they make is fresh daily and all 3 salsa are wonderful!Prices are low, service is fast & friendly, the owners are as nice as can be.  We'll worth the stop. We will definitely be back.
3	The food was really great (if you got your full order) BUT If your in a hurry, or even on a time schedule this is not the place for you. It took about an hour for them to make 10 to go orders that I emailed and confirmed 30 minutes before I arrived. AND three of my guys didn't get their full order. A real bummer because the food itself was great. Just disappointed it took so long and my guys went without. =( I would return for a lazy afternoon lunch but not for work. They aren't staffed for it and there was zero sense of urgency. I was not happy that they kept cutting other orders ahead of ours too, so while I was waiting they kept taking and processing new orders ahead of ours.
5	Had two tacos and both were delicious.  Salsa was excellent too.  Very good place at a very good price!
3	I visited Z-Lantro with my son and father when I found a BuyWithMe discount (see  wanna-be Groupon). We visited in the middle of the afternoon (3:00pm) so we got the VIP (read: only customers) treatment.  I imagined another 'Bertos knock-off but was surprised by the creative start this restaurant has taken.  We were impressed with the food (tacos and a bean burrito for junior).  The meat was delicious and the season was right on.  For good street tacos, this is a good place.
5	Love it!  Just had it the other day and it was great.  Small place that was very clean and very affordable.  I got a coupon out of the mail for a buy one get one free, and let me tell all of you that it was more than enough food.  He also runs specials for $1 tacos.
4	They have a variety of really good salsas so that's a very good start. I die for good Rocky Point style tacos and quesadillas. This comes very close to satisfying that craving. Esp good are the carne asada tacos. Great prices and very very good.
4	I discovered they have tacos al pastor from a trompo and I had to go! For $5.99 I got 2 tacos, rice and beans and a drink. The taco could have had a smidge more meat in them, but they were good. The tacos al pastor I know and love from Mexico City are served with a tiny slice of pineapple that these didn't have. They do give you 6 bottles off different salsa to try with your food. I liked the tomatillo the best.I'll be back again.
4	My husband and I ordered a togo here for dinner. They closed at 7 and we walked in 20 min till close. The service was excellent, super friendly and helpful. We ordered a Big Burrito combo at his recomendation (pork), also ordered a carne burrito and a cheese crisp, add an extra drink to that and our total came to 20 bucks. Not too bad. The carne was excellent. My husband liked the pork as well and it was a good size. He was a little dissapointed that the jalapeno salsa was supposed to ber the hottest, and it was not hot at all. The red was more spicy. Chips were okay. Overall I really enjoyed the food and would recommend it to others. Not super greasy, fresh food, from a nice clean place. My only complaint is that he forgot my sour cream ob the side, and I know I paid for it :(
5	We came here because of a groupon and it was fantastic. Great food, friendly staff. Can't wait to return for more. Yum!
4	Stumbled into this very casual eatery yesterday while running some errands and wow, love it! The location is in an older strip mall and the seating is basic but nice. The owner was there, a super nice guy who explained all the menu items because, frankly, the menu is written on a shiny banner and hard to read.  I chose the tacos Al Pastor (basically marinated pork, with bacon and other seasonings) that is cooked for hours until tender. Then they chop it up into small chunks and make incredible little street type tacos with it. (I just drooled on my keyboard writing this). The rice is decent but the beans have a deliciously thick and creamy quality about them that I thought was out of this world. Blah blah blah and thumbs up. Eat here!
5	I love this place! The food is always hot, fresh, and tasty, and the owner is friendly and always open to comments and suggestions. My favorite is the al pastor pork taco, especially on Tuesdays when they're only a dollar! Highly recommended!
5	I drove by this place a ton of times, and we finally went in, and I was not disappointed!!! The food was great, I had the al pastor pork Big Burrito it was delicious not over cooked or overstuffed with fixings, the owner was super helpful. My girlfriend had the Carne asada taco and a grilled chicken taco. We also had a side of rice and beans. Chips and their specialty salsas. All for less then twenty bucks!!! very filling great price. I was diggin the decor, simple but cool loved the pictures on the wall!!! A great experiance I will definately be a return customer. I highly reccomend the Jalapeno Ranch Sauce...yup I said Jalapeno Ranch Sauce...delicious abd they are not stingey with the sauces and salsas!!! The beans and rice were delicious definately a winner!!! If you are looking for a great meal and a great deal stop in, fresh ingredients and a great price!!
5	My husband and I went last weekend for the first time with a Groupon. The food was absolutely delish and fresh as fresh can get! We didn't look to see their hours, and arrived right at 7 PM (when they actually close) and they still happily took our order and let us eat in the restaurant. They were very sweet and the food was very good. We are going back tonight! My husband and I have been craving Z-Lantro all week!!!
5	Great place, great food. Breakfast burros are awesome!
1	Closed
5	This place is awsome, one of my favorite places to eat.
5	It looks like Z-Lantro has since closed. Sad day! :(----My husband and I went last weekend for the first time with a Groupon. The food was absolutely delish and fresh as fresh can get! We didn't look to see their hours, and arrived right at 7 PM (when they actually close) and they still happily took our order and let us eat in the restaurant. They were very sweet and the food was very good. We are going back tonight! My husband and I have been craving Z-Lantro all week!!!
5	Came for the groupon and keep coming back!  Carne asada burrito is amazing!!  Very friendly staff as well, just wish they stayed open a little later...
