2	ok
1	This is definitely the last time I use this Pizza Hut I think their food is very good but their way of doing business at this particular location is extremely poor. When they get busy they simply stop answering the phone There's no way to inquire where your order is. Never again. Several hours later some guy calls and says they had an emergency and will have to shut  down for the night. I ordered a pizza from Barro's which is across the street and since I was going to be so close, I thought I would check out what happened just to be nosy. Maybe they were held up right? Poor workers. Wrong. It was made up. That;s how their management handles tough situations.
1	I know people will still come and eat here even after reading all the horrid reviews.. But seriously though, this place has a bunch of dumbasses working here. I called around 10:35 at night no one picked up... I called back in ten minutes... No answer... By the way, all this is happeningEhile driving there...I end getting  there and see all the workers outside smoking.. No one was inside at all! The phone was ringing off the hook. Customers were waiting for their pizza also. This will be the last time I ever come here ever. Dear Management if you are reading this, I advise you to fix this piece of shit location. I am currently typing this as I wait for my pizza in this crap establishment, my pizza better be good.
1	They seem a bit disorganized here tonight. I  ordered 30 minutes ago and my order still isn't ready for carryout. They were also out of the original pan pizza that I ordered so they substituted it on their own. I think I will use another location next time even though this was the most convenient.
1	Do not try to place an order from an iPhone because they will not deliver your pizza unless you babysit your phone and answer when they call to confirm. If you miss the call you're fucked and left hungry.
5	I just placed an order over the phone and spoke with Haley, she was excellent! So much better customer service than I've had for really any food delivery. She was knowledgable about the specials and new menu items, made some recommendations, confirmed my order and total and forecasted a realistic time frame, all while being nice and conversational. I'm blown away with this level of service at a chain pizza place. Great job!
1	I honestly typed in "s***" out of boredom and this is the first thing that came up. By the reviews I guess it was a proper search.
4	I see all these bad reviews but I have been going to this location for awhile now and I have never had a problem with them. I have ordered online, called in, and walked in a few times and not once have I had an issue.   The times have always been accurate and food has always tasted delicious! Especially when we have last minute dinner runs. :-)
5	I always have a positive interaction with these folks.  The food is par for the expectations of the chain, and it's consistent. The service is always great. Based on that there is no reason not to score a 5. It's not a custom pizza shop. It's Pizza Hut. It tastes like Pizza Hut is supposed to taste.  The service is above par so there ya go.
1	This Pizza Hut is horribly managed. I am really not sure why someone hasn't stepped in and revamped the whole place. I don't think I have ever ordered without having issues...we usually wait months between ordering before thinking we will give it another try.   On my last visit I left work thinking my husband called in the order. When I arrived, my order wasn't in. Called my husband and he informed me he was still on hold after calling 10 minutes prior. Not hard to believe as I counted more than a dozen calls that came in while I waited that no one bothered answering. I could of course hear the employees cursing and arguing in the back.  Sad that none of this surprises me....most of the time we drive to Target and purchase their Pizza Hut pizzas.
1	My first time ordering from this place and I ordered Chicken Alfredo and breadsticks and online it said it would be delivered in 40 minutes. I receive a call almost an hour later, asking me if I received my food. I hadn't... She then said something about someone taking my food and I then get told they are going to investigate and get back to me. I call 30 minutes later and she says that the food was never made, someone said they made it, but they couldn't have because they are out of chicken Alfredo. At this point my friends and I are starving so we just order a pizza and breadsticks. I get told we will have it in 20 minutes. I call 30 minutes later and they ask for my address... Seriously? Is this real life... I ordered food at 7:45 and now it is 10:15 and I haven't received it yet.
4	I have ordered here countless times and it's always been good. Tonight was the best and I wanted to say thank you. From the ease of ordering and paying online, to all the new options and possible combinations, to the speed and professionalism of the delivery man. By the way, the pizza was delicious too.
