1	This place does not deserve any stars whatsoever.  Last Friday, Feb. 8th, we took our dog to Banfield because her skin was extremely dry and she was coughing.  To make it short, we ended up spending $450.00 for services rendered.  These people are extremely high priced, yet they want people to bring their animals to them.  The Vet said that he would call and give up the results of the blood test the next day, but to no avail.  We figured we wouldn't hear from them the next day because it was a Saturday.  Monday we didn't hear anything, so today, Tuesday the 12th, I called and of course they had the results.  The receptionist said the Vet would call me back.  It was about half an hour and he called.  He told me the result of the test (as far as I could understand him...he was from India) and said I needed to come in and get some pills for our dog's Thyroid.  I went and got the pills, but while I was standing there, I told the receptionist that I did not blame her, but the Vet should have called us.  We paid so much money for their services and I should not have had to call them for the lab results.  I told her I was extremely disappointed with their company.  Then she said she agreed with me 100% and the Vet should have called me.I highly recommend you do not go to Banfield, which is a part of PetsMart, find an independent Vet.
1	I have written about Banfield before, but we have another saga to this ongoing problem.  I am now giving up on this stupid place and urge you guys to NEVER go there eitherWe have always taken our dog to Banfield Animal Hospital/Clinic in PetsMart for her vacinations and check-ups. In February of 2008, we took her again because she was acting very lethargic, her skin was very scaly, no appetite, etc. They did a blood work-up and said her Thyroid was acting up again. With all the bloodwork and office/vet visit, it cost us $450.00. Her Thyroid was high, so they gave us medication, but said we needed to come back in two weeks and have her blood tested again. We did this at least two more times.On Sat., April 5th, our dog was very sick and would keep her tail between her legs, not eat, was extremely lethargic, would hunch her back when she would stand up, and was constipated also. All these symptoms and more were told to the vet and we were told that all these were symptoms that her Thyroid was still out of whack. By this time, it had been 2 1/2 weeks since her blood test and we were never contacted with the results. They claimed they never got the results and had to call the place that did the tests and they had to run the test again. The vet tells me she didn't have a clue as to why our dog was keeping her tail between her legs. She said our dog must be nervous. Our dog has never ever done that before. Anyway, the vet sent us home just saying all this was from the Thyroid problem.We brought our dog home and on Sun., (April 6th) I woke up and there was blood all over the quilt my dog sleeps on. We had to take her to an Emergency Animal Clinic and found out she had burst an anal gland. They took care of that to the tune of $158.00 and immediately she was back to her normal self, which we were grateful for.. The papers said we should take her to the vet the next day, so I called Banfield, and was told I couldn't get in until this afternoon because they were full with appointments. I said I needed to get in earlier than that, so they said to come in right away. I got in there and there wasn't a soul in the place.A different vet than we had on Saturday came in and I told her how ticked off I was at the results of Saturday's visit and then what happened on Sunday. She checked our dog and made excuses as to why the other vet did not check her bottom. I did not agree with her and told her how I felt. I told this vet that I felt I should not have to pay for this office visit and finally she agreed, so that was one good part, since we have paid close to $1,000.00 since February. The part that ticked me off the most though, was having our dog in there on Saturday and they never checked our dog in the area they should have and had no idea why her tail was between her legs and did a horrible job.I had called PetsMart groomers to cancel our dog's haircut because of these problems and told the groomer what was going on and she asked me who the vet was and I told her Banfield. She said never to go to Banfield again. They are very bad and overcharge the customer tremendously. I can only say, do not take your dog there. They must hire their vets from the bottom of the barrel.You should put Banfield Pet Hospital Corporation into your search engine and go to a site that shows "I'm Pissed".  You will see what this corporation has done to animals and what people think of Banfield.  Again, I'm marking one star because I have to in order to post this.
3	In the past I had the wellness plan for my cat and puppy. I canceled the plans because $25 for each of them wasn't really worth it once the puppy got past his initial round of shots, neutering and micro chipping. I brought in my other dog that was having trouble with her ears and it seems like they are extremely pricey for the services rendered. The people at Bansfield are really nice, and they even follow up to see how your pet is doing the next day. I will be looking for another vet in the area with more affordable pricing.
1	This "pet hospital" is a scam and a total waste of money. Their vets seem like they barely passed vet school. We took our wonderful dog, Duke, into them when he developed a lump on his side. After taking x-rays, blood tests, etc., the vet told us that the lump was "a medical mystery". Prior to this, we had signed up for their pet wellness plan. In short, we took our dog to a reliable, trustworthy vet (Dr. Ryan at Blue Cross Vet Clinic) and it turned out he had bone cancer :-(. He ended up passing away this summer, yet my husband and I are still being forced to pay for our Banfield pet wellness plan each month, even though our dog is dead. Thanks, Banfield.
4	We take our dog here for checkups or when he seems to not be feeling well. 4 stars because my dog is healthy and happy. I suppose they are as quick as can be expected, and the staff all seems to truly love animals. We have been customers for over 4 years and have never had a particular complaint. We have the Wellness Plan, and rarely have to pay out of pocket for anything for Nismo. I have no reason to go anywhere else.
2	I have been here three times now. First time wonderful, second time ok, third time I had to leave the room after hearing the tech talk about a co-workers pit bull biting her and wanting to punch the owner. But it got better. When I questioned the lack of concern for my dogs ear "main reason I came that day" she blew it off and tried to point out for a 3 rd time the shots I gave him weren't valid. I told her obviously otherwise I wouldn't already be a paying plan member on my second round. Second reason I was there was for a rabies shot, she insisted on me waiting till my next visit for no reason other than they had a mother customer waiting. We were 5 mins into my appt.  I politely informed her it needed to be done due to age and grooming. Mind you he's a terrifying 4 1/2 month Maltipoo. She was unbelievably rude to me in front of my daughter. I am a customer, I appreciate you have more knowledge than I do however educating clients is better than belittling. To top it off they pushed allergy pills. For an obvious ear infection. I said how about the ear wash and no allergy pills. At least we would be at the right body part. It's been two weeks my dog now has a raging ear infection even after receiving no help.  I will be going in today. This time I will not put up with a rude person discrediting a valid concern that has obviously grown to an unhealthy level. I am so utterly disappointed. My poor dog is suffering daily his whimpering is breaking my heart.
1	Too corporate. I went once and that was enough for me. The vet with whom I met and vet assistant are more about the wellness plans rather than the care of my pet. While I believe the vets and assistants are qualified, it's all about wellness plans. I want a vet who will love and treat my animal, not just some plan to capture me as a reoccurring client.
