1	Too bad there's not negative integers on Yelp. I only hope someone from the group reads this review and changes the way it conducts business.As we just moved here from out of town, we saw a property of interest and emailed one of their agents, Karen Ganz, to see a property. Evidently, she wasn't big on email and insisted I provide a phone number of contact. When provided, a week later, nothing. I emailed once again, and I received a snotty message on the phone leaving me her number to call her. Good grief, can we get with 2011?When I did call her, she wanted to know my employer before even discussing the property. Hmmm, no. As we had setup appts. with 3 other realtors to show their properties (as we like working with the selling agent, always seems easier, until now...), never once did anyone ask that. Although I have graduate degrees up and down the other, it's none of anyone's business what I do if we're interested in viewing a potential property to buy - let alone in this market!I should have been the better person and just laughed it off, but I found it offensive and refused to deal with her after that. How rude. How pretentious. How unprofessional.So, Walt Danley Group, please let your agents know that communication is 50% of the job, professionalism and knowledge accounts for the rest. Good luck.
5	We have worked with Walt Danley Realty on our last three homes and his firm been very professional in the handling of the transactions. The true key to the smoothness of the transactions was Anita Best and agent at Walt Danley's. I could never say enough of how she goes the extra mile to get things done. It is a pleasure to deal with someone like her.Judy and JIm Kearns
5	We are glad to be able to express our complete satisfaction with Walt Danley and the sale of our three properties all of which were handled by Tom Snyder.  We could not have chosen a better realtor to take care of us and our properties.  We were living in the US when Tom sold our home there.  We are now living in France and the sale of our land in the US was handled long distance perfectly without any delays or hitches.  We are currently in the midst of the sale of our final property in Arizona, all taken care of by Tom, and this too is going smoothly.  We would like to thank Walt Danley and in particular Tom for giving us such professional and trouble free service, especially as we are no longer living in America and needed the kind of trustworthy services we have received.  We would recommend your company without reservation from our personal experiences.
