3	Nice place to go for a quick sit-down lunch.  The lunch special (changes daily) is always a good deal and will be extremely filling.  For example, two enchiladas (LARGE ones), rice and beans can be $4.95 with a soda bringing you to $6 and change after tax.  Not bad if you aren't in the mood for drive through or a longer meal at Tia Rosa's.  They'll usually give you chips and salsa too while the owner/cook is at work.  Standard fare of tacos, enchiladas, burritos throwing it some fajitas and chile rellono too.   The chorizo wasn't too greasy either so thats always a plus in my book.Not bad for an extremely filling lunch break.  They've started serving beers too with a $2 Corona, Tecate, etc. Happy Hour.
4	"Best horchata in Mesa !"That's the claim of the hospitable hostess slash waitress slash cashier."It's made from scratch, not a mix", she says to bolster her point.Me, I'm no expert on horchatas (or much of anything for that matter), but it's one of the best I've ever had anywhere. For curiosity sake I did try another horchata in Mesa and while it was good you could taste some graininess. Go for the large size, trust me.In addition to excellent horchatas the food is delicious and affordable.A good size entree with rice, beans and salad for $5.75 ?A pretty sweet deal.I had the fish tacos (very good), the beef enchilada (excellent). A generous portion given the price. I had light dinners after eating this for lunch.It seems that two people do everything here and are quite hospitable and sincere. While making claims of how great the horchata was it came across as less of a brag and more of a statement of pride.  A great, casual Mexican restaurant with amazing lunch specials..
5	Really great fish taco's, yes they deserve five stars.  If you are looking for an expensive fine dining experience this is not the place, but if you are looking for great, homemade, inexpensive food, served with a smile then look no further.  I bring out of town guests here and would recommend to people even if it is out of their way.Some notes:  Ask for the special hotter sauce if you like it hot, it is super tasty.  Get the fish taco's, even if you are unsure about liking a fish taco.  Also, they will make it your way, just ask.I do wish they had chunky salsa for the chips and salsa, but that is a personal preference not a requirement.  If you are in the East valley you should stop here.
5	I'm a sucker for fresh, flavorful, quality Mex and these guys deliver.Staff is always courteous; register lady is very sweet, the cook (which I think is the owner) is friendly too and will customize your dish if you ask.While you wait, you get a bowl of fresh warm chips and some well crafted salsa. They make their own and sometimes have variety of different colors/flavors/hotness levels (ask). Although, that also means it's a little inconsistent, so don't whine if they got it a bit off that day :)You'll get your food in more than reasonable time (even when it's super busy) right as it's made and ready.Like others here mentioned their fish taco/burrito is awesome, thanks to their own made sauce and fresh ingredients (my favorite dish). I tried most things on the menu (used to work near by) and everything was good except a steak burrito I had once (the meat was on the dry side).Horchata is fresh made and delicious.Lastly, guess what, these guys have a liquor license; so if you're on the market for a noon margarita definitely try one.Cheers
5	If you are looking for a whole in the wall Mexican place that serves fresh and authentic food located in the East Valley, Salsa Cabana is a great place.  I would recommend coming here for lunch as they have amazing lunch specials of $4.95, which comes with chips and salsa and a drink.  I got the chicken tacos with rice and beans.  It was a perfect sized portion for lunch.  The chicken was white meat and fresh.  They have a tomatillo green salsa and fire-red hot salsa.  I usually do not put a big weight on drinks, but they have mango infused tea.  The tea was very refreshing and tasty.  It is all natural with no sugar.  The tea gives it the 5th star.My friend got the chicken enchiladas, and they looked yummy.  I will have to order cheese or chicken enchiladas next time, yum!
4	While visiting the Mesa area, I went here for their $4.99 lunch special 3 times in 1 week. Need I say more since if I think a place is just okay I rarely return. This is real Mexican food, the authentic goods, not fresh Mex. Real retried beans - but no lard so safe for vegans like me ( even Baja & Chipotle's pinto beans aren't vegan). Plus I could get the burrito sans tortilla since I'm also gluten-free. I do wish the guacamole was chunkier, it kind of reminds me of the Wholly Guacamole at the supermarkets. But the rest is just fine. It is about impossible to find a restaurant that I can feel satisfied & not hungry for $5 & that would be without the included drink! I'll miss this place when we head back home.Owners are really nice, friendly & helpful.
5	I love their fish Tacos, probably the best I have ever had!!plus I'm always greeted very nicely and the couple the own and manage the place are very sweet and nice.Highly recommend it for lunch or dinner, too bad I live 20 minutes away in Tempe, Still worth the drive I do to go there once every 2 weeks or so, just can't stay away!
4	Found via Yelp - thanks all! And the fish taco did not disappoint!
5	Love salsa cabana! Lunch specials are great thie is a great hole in the wall Mexican. Food place! Everything I've tried has been awesome! The owners are always there and couldn't be nicer!
4	Great food and freindly service and good prices.  Highly reccommend.
5	Great little place!  Homemade salsa and the chips come out of the fryer and not out of a plastic bag.  Excellent value, especially for lunch specials.  Good food, friendly service, low prices.  What else could you ask for?
5	Salsa Cabana is in my family's top 3 places to eat. It's simple, homemade, and the the owners are great. Super cheap prices. Burrito Mexicano and Fish Tacos are the best items on the menu.
4	This place is a gem.  4.5 stars.  I have driven by many times without stopping.  It surprised me how good it was.  Very fresh and authentic, hole in the wall type of place, complete with the mix and match chairs and tables.  The menu on the wall with pictures of the entrees and hand written specials taped up all over the place.  Reminds me of the little taco shops near the border in San Diego.  I ordered the steak chimi and it was great.  The chunks of steak were very tender and flavorful and it had just the right amount of refried beans inside and was topped with a ribbon of sourcream and guac as well as fresh chopped tomato, green onion, cilantro, and cheese....all in the right amounts.  Chips were still warm from being cooked.  Only negative was I like getting salsa in a small dish, and they hand you two tubes (one red and one green....green was best I thought).  So you basically squeeze some on each chip instead of dipping.  Will definitely be going back.
4	I tried this restaraunt because I had a coupon.  I was impressed with the two hispanic gentleman behind the counter and grill that day.  Very polite and friendly.  The food was authentic, well priced and fresh.  I will be frequenting this establishment often!
5	We found this place thanks to a coupon from the Entertainment Book.We had gone to the area for a special occasion and wanted to have dinner on the way home.We didn't think much of this place initially as it is a tiny location, and you order at the counter.However, the staff was very friendly and accommodating to our special requests. I had a green chile plate as I was trying to avoid tortillas. Hubby had a chicken chimichanga.I liked very much how they presented my food, and also that they use real plates, very big, nice and colorful plates.We did like the complimentary chips and salsa.I think they did charge us a fee for paying with credit card, but we didn't mind because their prices are very reasonable.Also, I did love that they had 'low carb' tortilla options in their menu. That is what got them the 5th star : )
3	Like others have said, this is indeed a hole in the wall.  What they lack in decor, they make up for with the food. I like their veggie burrito - very big with equal measures of beans/rice and other kinds of vegetables.The only issue I have is that the chairs are fairly dirty. I'm not a fan of restaurants that can't keep their dining area clean. I'll keep going to the salsa cabana, but I hope they clean the chairs.
3	Little mom and pop place. Decent food, friendly place, dining area could use some cleanup. Reasonable price.  I would class this as above your chain fast food but I actually find Filibertos to have a slightly better taste for my liking. Staff was very friendly.
3	Not quite sure it's up to the hubbub that the 5* reviews are giving. Solid "hole-in-the-wall" type place. Although I didn't feel like everything was amazingly fresh and "authentico" it was cool to order a giant veggie burrito.  My daughter seemed to like her carne asada tacos.If you're in the area and want a Mexican nibble - try it.
4	4.5 Stars for me. This is my favorite place for fish tacos in AZ (That I've tried). They have this sauce that I don't know what they put in it, I just know I love it. I've tried a couple other things as well and they were also good, but I have a hard time ordering anything other than the fish tacos, because I just can't get enough of them. Delicious.
4	I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at this place. Yelp reviews convinced me to try it out. Food was very good. Tortillas tasted fresh and homemade. The pork carnitas was very tasty, as was the veggie burro. Only complaint was we showed up with the lunch rush and had to wait nearly 30 min for our food. Will be back.
5	This place is great! Always friendly service and they have good facebook deals too!
5	Small, family owned local restaurant with the best Mexican food in the area.  The lunch specials are amazing with lots to choose from and the owners and staff are super friendly and helpful. This a fun and casual place to eat and one of my go to places to bring family and friends.
1	I'm not quite sure if I ate at the same place as the reviewers giving 3 & 4 stars. If you think this is fresh and authentic I wonder where else you've been eating Mexican food. A microwave in the kitchen doesn't scream "fresh" to me. We were first put off by an odor when we first walked in and should have left then.   We were also the only customers on a Friday night. But I'd read so many good reviews that we ordered anyway. I ordered a combo with beef enchiladas with red sauce, rice and beans. It was terrible. The red sauce tasted more like tomato sauce than enchilada sauce.  My sister had a shredded beef tostada. The shredded beef was dry and not well seasoned.  Taco Bell is better and a lot cheaper.
5	Our dinner spot. We always get the chili rellano (SP?)  The street tacos are $1.25 and are good.
1	Save your money, the good reviews here are fake. Worst mexican food i had in a long time. As others have said they use a microwave to cook food and to top it off me and the wife both had massive stomach pain and wife felt sick 4 hours later, possible food poisoning. At this point any chain fast food joint would have been better then this place. Try it yourself if you want but i wouldnt advise it..
5	I ordered the veggie burrito and it was great! Oh and get horchata... it's made fresh and absolutely delicious. So affordable too.
3	Just ok, fish tacos looked good...but had tiny pieces of fish cubes. Same with Nachos...very small bits of steak. Chips not warm or particularly fresh. The serving bowls they came in were worn and frayed. Prob won't be back.
5	This place is AMAZING!  We've being eating here for years and have never had a bad meal.  The owners are simply the best!  They are the hardest working people I know and the quality of their food reflects their commitment to their business!  And oh, by the way, if you think they are the only restaurant in town that uses a microwave to melt the cheese on their enchiladas, you are wrong.  It's just that not too many restaurants have an open kitchen where you can see how your food is being prepared.
4	This place was great, a small hole in the wall with friendly service and yummy food. They make their burritos to order, so it was easy to leave out any dairy to make it vegan. Also, when we went they were having happy hour margaritas and they are hand made! Yum.
4	I went for the first time today. The building was small, but bright and fairly clean. The staff was knowledgable and friendly. I ordered the steak burrito Mexicano and it was good. All the food came out hot and tasted good. Their red rice was a bit mushy and salsa was a tiny bit hot for my taste, but overall I had a good experience. The best part was their lunch specials. I got my burrito (which was large), rice and beans, and a soda cup (with one bowl of chips and salsa) for $5.50. There is also a 50 cent credit card charge-if this bothers you, bring cash! So after tax my total was $6.50. I still consider it a great value!I enjoyed my food, that doesn't mean everyone will. I would recommend this place because it was a good value. Solid 4/5.
4	My sister and I stopped in here for lunch for the first time. The employees were very helpful and knew the menu well. I asked for my veggie burro without a tortilla and they were happy to accommodate and it was delicious! They also informed me they don't use lard in their beans, which is a plus in my opinion.The veggie burro was a lunch special item, it came with a drink, rice and beans, all for $5.50. They also gave us complimentary chips and salsa. I would definitely go back. I've heard good things about their fish tacos, Id like to try them next!
4	Stopped by here on a Saturday evening for some takeout. I ordered I think the #5. It was two tacos with rice and beans. It all came out fairly quickly. The food was very delicious. My steak tacos had a delicious corn Tortilla, the steak was seasoned very well, and was topped with lettuce tomatoes and cheese. It was seriously so full I'd guess there was a full 1/4 c of steak in it. The rice and beans were also quite tasty. The highlight for me was the chips and salsa. Both the green and red salsa were fantastic and the chips were truly amazing. So to capPro: food, portion size, service, price, local businessCons: steak was a bit dry, not entirely authentic (they had cheeseburgers and my tacos like I said had pretty "Americanized" condiments) But as for the place itself, it was outstanding !and Id definitely recommend it
5	I love Rosati's pizza, which is located right next to Salsa Cabana, so I had driven by this place hundreds of times before trying it.  I have always been a lover of Mexican food, and I make it a point to try new places often.  I have tried dozens of Mexican restaurants throughout the Valley a number of times to get a feel for their various offerings, and Salsa Cabana makes the best fish tacos I have tasted yet, and their prices are unbeatable.  Taco Tuesdays are an especially good value.Do yourself a favor and give this little hole-in-the-wall restaurant a chance.  If you like fish tacos or just tacos in general, the food will not disappoint.
4	Good food!  Refried beans are done right & salsa is  delicious.  Both the red and green sauce are from scratch and very tasty.  My husband had tacos that are very fresh with a good n crispy corn shell.
5	Great Place.  The taco's are superb!  The service is great and the staff is friendly.  I'll be back; next time with an entourage. Special recognition goes to the fish taco!
3	Came here again at around when it opened. I ordered 2 fish tacos and a chiles rellenos. It took around 7 minutes so not too bad. The fish tacos were alright. Fairly good, but definitely not the best I've had. I would probably get the fish tacos again. The chile rellenos really wasn't good. I've never had one before but I always understood them to be battered in egg whites and deep fried. The chile relleno here was made basically with a charred chile stuffed with cheese inside a slightly overlooked omelet. Literally just an omelet, I saw the cook make it. As for the chips I thought were really tasty last time, they were stale, bland, and cold.
2	Meh, its okay. Nice people , salsas were both excellent , the red enchilada sauce is very good, after that it was mmmmm
