4	Excellent Italian.  I would strongly suggest Tomaso's to anyone looking for authentic Italian in Phoenix.  This place is in the Biltmore area in the same strip mall (strip mall in Phoenix? Shocking!) as Sportsman and Tarbell's which leads to my only complaint--parking.  There is a free valet (tip them you cheapskates) so that problem is partially mitigated.This place is a real throw back. The waiters are all pro's and have thick Italian accents.  The garlic butter offered with bread is out of this world so even though it's green and strange looking, enjoy it.  I was craving simple spaghetti and meatballs--it's not on the menu but they'll do it for you if you ask nicely.  Coupled with a few Morettis (decent Italian beer) it was a great experience. One place I recommend with confidence and will return to at the earliest opportunity.
4	good Italian place... the menu has some unique things and they do a good job... it is pretty expensive but for specials occasions it is good.  Zac is right about the accents... but it adds to the flavor and the pesto butter is pretty good as well...
4	i was having a thoroughly unimpressive trip to phoenix.  actually my 1st trip to phoenix ever and was starting to feel extremely disillusioned.  i had always heard great things about how fun phoenix was but i guess i must not have been listening very carefully b/c on the way there and while there everyone i spoke to had unkind things to say about the dinning and nightlife.  (turns out tempe and scottsdale are the place to be.)anyway - excuse my rant. the point is that tomaso's was my one gleaming ray of hope for a decent meal.  i found it on yelp and based on user reviews (w/ the help of gps) i trekked across th 10 E and wah-la! there it was in a nevada bob's strip mall. - ok not impressive but when i strolled in at the off-peak the bartender (Dave) greeted me and promptly set me up at the bar. he doubles as the sommelier and was really helpful in picking out a perfect glass of wine.  the food (linguine w/ clams) was good but not stellar. the linguine was a bit over cooked but it was still better than anything else i'd come across.the most impressive thing here is how friendly the staff and the patrons were.  it's clear that tomaso (the man, the myth, the legend) has cultivated a good following of locals that come back again and again.  i was surprised to find that he also owns three restaurants in california, a winery and i believe another restaurant in the phoenix area. - you would never know it was such a big operation b/c it still feels small and authentic.
3	Tomaso's is a good, down home, northern italian. They make their own pastas fresh daily, and you can never go wrong there. A friend of mine ordered a steak there once, and claimed it to be the dryest piece of meat they had ever eaten. Meanwhile, I was working on my $28 kobe ravioli, which consisted of 4, count them 4 raviolis... yeah, definitely not gonna cut it. The service is ok, but there are issues now and then with small irrelevent things. They have a very old clientele from the area that I just get the feeling have been frequenting the restaurant for a very long time, and wont dare change what they order. That being said, they don't want anything to change from the menu to the ambiance, to the staff that works there. The whole staff is Italian, and they know how to cook pretty well, but I can't shake that feeling that I'm about 40 years too young to be there, and the portions are just way too small.+1 for great wine list +1 for homemade pasta -1 for the old people atmosphere.
4	Didn't expect much here upon arrival to the strip mall it is located in but was pleasantly surprised.   Decided to go for Italian food rather than go to the trendy Tarbell's  located in the same strip mall. As opposed to other reviewers,  I simple just parked in the half empty lot in front of the place, no problems.  Valet was available but not required. The place was empty but the reception was friendly and the service was good to excellent.  Friendly Italian waiter told me it was the slowest week of the year traditionally here.  The wine list was more than adequate but the Italian selections were pricey, I found some better deals on the US selections.  The food was also good to excellent with excellent pastas and fish available, I had the cioppino (I know cioppino and this was 4 star).Salad and vegetable sides were done very well.It is a little old school, kind of reminded me of a suburban Italian Durant's.
4	My boyfriend happened to extend his layover in Phoenix overnight and we were hungry from traveling from Oakland that afternoon. We wanted something good to eat and fast food was not going to cut it. On his first visit here he met a guy who recommended a few places to eat and this was one of them. Wow, great food. We were under dressed and looking haggard, so we ordered takeout. We had some sides, I know broccoli was one of them for sure and bread was included with the meal. I had the best veal ravioli in a delicious, tasty sauce. Very light, with tomatoes, sage, garlic, onions and possibly veal broth and olive oil and butter. My cleaned off my plate. My bf ordered fettuccine with grilled chicken. Serving size on that was amazing, he didn't finish it all that night, and guess what I had for lunch and dinner the next day, so good even reheated.I would have loved to go again and try the beef carpaccio.Highly recommend it!
5	Great uncomplicated Italian food.  Reminds you of bit of stepping back in time to the "Rat Pack" era.  I have been able to find some Sicilian dishes here I have not been able to find elsewhere.  Service has always been fantastic and have loved whatever I have ordered.
2	I have to say I was disappointed.  I was hoping for some fresh, tasty homemade pasta and instead found a menu full of heavy meals (lots of meatballs, lobster and steak).  And it was much more than I was expecting to spend - all together $50+ for a glass of wine, a salad, and pasta.  I should have known when I pulled up to the place, which looked like a closed-up men's club.  I think I was one of the few women in the place and certainly the youngest person in the room.  Most tables seemed full of older couples and older men doing power dinners.  I think I confused the wait staff, walking in by myself (I was in Phoenix on a business trip and craving pasta).I scanned the menu, hoping for something light and fresh...which was a no go.  I ended up ordering a special, black linguine with seafood.  The linguine itself (and the sauce) was actually pretty tasty.  However the amount of seafood was overwhelming and I had to dig out the pasta.The salad was okay - a Caesar served in a parmesan shell, which was a nice touch.Overall,  I would give Tomaso's 2.5 stars.  The service was great (although my waiter seemed unsure what to do with a single woman at his table) but the food was only so-so for the amount of money I spent.  Like I said, disappointing.
5	This place is totally underrated.  I would give this place a 4.5  I come here every time I visit Phoenix for work and it does not disappoint.  I've had their ribeye steak, their osso bucco ravioli, and their cioppino and they are all excellent.  My favorite of the three being the cioppino which I ask for a little spicy, sans the noodles.  A big plate of the seafood & tomato broth and some crusty bread is all I need.Tomaso is still the head chef of this place and is always trying out new dishes.  The best ones make it onto their printed specials list in their menu.  The last night I ate there, he had just flown in from Italy and still went to work testing dishes.  Lots of respect for hard-workers like that.
5	Perfezione! This little restaurant is the epitome of fine Italian dining!There's nothing more genuine than Tomaso's. We called this restaurant when they were scheduled to close in a half hour, but when we expressed how excited we were to enjoy a meal there the manager agreed to stay open until we had finished. Upon arrival the door was held open and we were warmly greeted and seated amongst a few other late night diners who were finishing up. The waiter had just finished rowing his gondola from Venice, his accent thick like a finely formulated Bolognese sauce. He delivered the fine red wine we ordered like a master sommelier and took our requests for appetizers patiently. La vita bella!After we sampled four of their finest appetizers (which were all prepared to perfection), we decided it was time to move into the main course. There were many different dishes ordered: seafood diablo pasta, grilled fish, steak, lobster tail, shrimp, lamb, sea scallops! Everything was cooked with an excellence that could only be matched by the almighty himself. I enjoyed the Tuscan Mixed Grill, which itself was one of the greatest dishes I've ever had. I did, in the tradition of Italian family-style dining, HAVE to try a little bit of everything though...Topped off with a little dessert dessert wine, this meal could not have been served or prepared better. Tomaso's is a great place to go if you want to get the best Italian food possible.
5	I went there for a friends Bday and it did not disappoint.  Our waiter lived in Italy for 10 years and was a great server.  The pasta is very good and the drinks are strong, I recommend both.
1	70$ for the two off us that included eggplant and gnocci that tasted like the olive garden.  My wife said her meal was good, but I was seriously disappointed.  If I'm paying 25$ for a plate of pasta, you better give me food orgasms.  Well, olive garden tasting food was far from it, plus the parking situation is a joke.
3	It is a cute little restaurant, has a nice wine list.  I ordered the Linguine with clam Sauce, and a glass of pino.  Personally i think the food is actually pretty good, nice northern italian.  But the service was just ok.
4	I had high hopes for this restaurant as I was directed to it by my friend and fellow Yelper, Donald S., and oh...my...God...was the squash ravioli at Tomasos AWESOME!  It was perfect.  It arrived quickly, was presented well, was a good portion for lunch, and geezuz, the sauce was to die for!  It was a bit expensive for lunch, but those of you who know me, know that I say that at almost every meal.  I'm cheap, what can I say?Oh, I forgot the bread!  It was perfectly baked and came with the most wonderful herb butter.  For bread lovers, this will be on the top of your list!I highly recommend this restaurant, and I can't wait to try it for dinner!
1	We were looking for some good Italian food, so we decided to visit Tomaso's. The entire experience was unsatisfactory. You have to park in an awkward lot arranged so that you have to turn out and then back in before you find the Valet. Our waiter vacillated between hovering at the hostess station while staring at us to ignoring us completely. The salad turned out to be canned pears atop wilted lettuce with an odd topping of fried onion strings. The pasta was good, but not worth the $20 asking price. The dessert and coffee were served with no spoons, so we were forced to go foraging for extra silverware at a neighboring empty table. Finally, we had to wait at least five minutes at the valet station for the attendant to arrive back from his break. On a Saturday night the restaurant was more than half empty, so the waiter really had no excuse. Luckily, his counterpart who was serving the next table over took pity on us and refilled our bread basket and water glasses, offered us fresh ground pepper for our appetizer, and  answered our questions about the dishes our own waiter had abruptly plunked down in front of us before bolting back to the hostess station. While the experience here gave us a lot to laugh about, we will not be returning to Tomaso's.
4	Fantastic Italian food. Service is personal and friendly. High on the price factor, but it is what it is. Honestly, it's a place to go for specially made authentic Itialn food.  If you want cheap, go to the Olive Garden.
5	I've been dining at Tomaso's for many years and have yet to have a bad experience! As a matter of fact, my wife and I have have brought many friendsand family with us to enjoy our favorite Italian restaurant and we have yet to find anyone who found the food or the service to be anything less than spectacular!  If you are looking for exquisite, authentic Italian food with the utmost in service, Tomaso's is the place. Chuck & Lee
2	This review has to do with a group function, specifically a holiday party for my company. I have personally planned holiday parties for the past 16 years. I have never been in a situation where my wishes for two drink coupons per guest was not honored. My company has been willing to purchase two alcoholic beverages per person and any other drinks ordered are from a cash bar purchased by the guest. This restaurant had bottles of wine free flowing without a drink coupon. They actually took over how the alcoholic beverages were dispersed. One waiter even told a staff member, "don't worry about it, your company is paying ". Unfortunately, it was a family member not someone that felt like that was a positive thing.  Very poor management of my contract and wishes for 40 people.
3	The food is good but not great.  I prefer this as a happy hour place and no so much as a dinner place.  The bread is delicious and hot.  The calamari is reliable.  The food in general is reliable but I don't view this as a destination place.
4	This is a classic Italian restaurant landmark in Phoenix.  The atmosphere on the entire experience is romantic... just the way an Italian restaurant should be.   The service was exceptional and I deeply wanted to give this place five stars. However, there was a blimpish on my last visit and I just can't get over it.  So, I ordered salmon in an Italian restaurant... and I should have ordered pasta or something traditional.   The dish was called Lobster crusted salmon and should have been called salmon with blobs of lobster sauce...  there was nothing crusted about the dish and seemed to be a bust for $32. Anyway, I'll get over it and I'm sure I'll be back.
5	I am not a big fan of Italian food that's not homemade, but I must say I love the food here. Seafood is always excellent! Also, my family hosted my grad school graduation dinner here for a party of 12 and the service was out of this world!!! They took such good care of us that I will always have fond memories of that night!!! It's not cheap, but the quality is well worth it. Parking is limited, but valet is complimentary.
3	First time review: GREAT place! Our server was Italian, and the food was true Italian (reminded us of our trip to Italy last year). It is a bit pricey, but the food is definitely worth it! Second time review: Decent service, although some of our orders took a while to come. Calamari appetizer was large and very good. The beet salad was delicious! Both of our meals were good, but they were a bit too creamy.
5	Just visited Tomaso's for the first time, and regret that I hadn't dined there sooner!The tiny parking lot has free valet parking which made entry and exit very easy. Yes, my party tipped -it was hot outside!My party arrived at 5:30, which is early, and there were just a few tables seated. As our meal progressed, the place filled to capacity and we dined on a weeknight.We were greeted at the door with genuine warmth by several employees and were quickly taken to a table by our server. Our server was very warm, patient and gracious. Other servers kept our drinks filled and plates removed quickly and efficiently. Every need was filled immediately.The herb butter and fresh bread were perfect. The bread was warm, chewy inside and crispy outside.The salad with pears and gorgonzola was served in a baked parmesean bowl and featured slices of fresh bartlett pears, gorgonzola cheese, candied nuts and a house made vinaigrette. It was crisp and delicious, with a nice contrast of tart, sweet, nutty and cheesy.The hazelnut risotto was delicious, as was the past trio. Please note that the pasta and risotto dishes are modest in size, and designed to be one course in a meal. These are not huge heaping plates. They are artful servings of great handcrafted food. Traditionally, one spends a lot of time at an Italian meal, so, courses are reasonably sized.The pasta trio was just right for my mother who is a senior citizen and eats modest portions. She had a salad and the pasta and was very happy.The Osso Bucco was delicious! The portion was very large and I wound up sharing partly because it was so good, but, also because it was a big plate of food. It was served in a sauce with chunky vegetables and plated on mushroom risotto.We enjoyed the house Chianti and it was a perfect complement to the meal. Coffees were fresh and very good. We did not have dessert because we were stuffed!Overall, this was a very solidly great dining experience; a perfect example of the best Italian fine dining.
4	Dined at Tomaso's with a group of 12 last Friday evening while enjoying the Labor Day weekend at the Bilmore. We chose Tomaso's due the the Yelp reviews and proximity to the hotel.Although our waiter was not Italian (I believe he was South American), he was pretty good.  I think he tried to give our large group time to chat so it was nice not to be rushed (which seemed very European).The meals served were beautiful, but I don't think any of us thought the food was that amazing (we also ate at the Capital Grille and Frank & Albert's-see those reviews-and really enjoyed the food).I thought the restaurant had priced its menu well for the ambiance and plates served.  I would not be opposed to returning, but there are other better options in the area.
4	overall good food. service is at par!!!  no parking only valet.....:(
3	Great service! Okay food! Had not been there in a while! Either the food used to better I have just become more of a foodie! Its not that its bad food. Its okay for me. Its is authentic Italian with fresh pastas etc. but my husband makes his own pasta so I am spoiled.
3	A rehearsal dinner I went to was hosted here this past weekend - I have to say overall I was impressed with the place. Italian food in the middle of the desert seemed like a questionable choice to me, but I remained with an open mind, open and mostly dehydrated...The party of 30(+/-?) arrived with a fairly good clip, there were a few stragglers, and a few people who were there before the main group of us. We were all graciously welcomed and directed to the back/function room. The waiters were (THANKFULLY) quick to replenish all of our water glasses as soon as we emptied them, and since we are from a way different climate, we went through a TON of water even before everybody else had arrived. I had forgotten to mention in my rsvp that I had a nut allergy, and when I looked at the place setting and noted the included menu had an almond dessert the waiter was very good to work with me and get me something that I could eat - three flavors of gelato, very tasty. The pasta dish was fusilli carbonara, which is one of my favorite dishes (to make at home, and to order) and they did pretty well with it, I have to say, I've seen some places mess it up royally, but this had a good balance and when I got some extra grated cheese from our waiter, it gave it a little bit more of a "bite" or "kick" that it was looking for to really fill out the flavor. If it had been homemade fusilli, Tomaso would have won my heart!There was some confusion or miscommunication between the waiters, us about wither or not wine was *part* of the meal, or if it was by the glass, and added to a tab for our table. Regardless, it was good wine, and I'm glad I had it for my meal, it was a small price (confusion, and in dollars) to have a nice glass of wine to compliment my chicken, and everybody else's steak. The service was excellent, they catered to our every need, and assisted even the more bizarre requests. The one thing that could make this private function room THAT much more functional, in my mind is a bathroom that is closer than the polar opposite side of the restaurant. If I ever find myself back in this part of the world, I'll try to make it back and try some of their other dishes - and hopefully be better prepared for the heat!
5	Finally authentic Sicilian food in Phoenix. Combine it with great service and it is a classic go to restaurant.  If you haven't been to Tomaso's what are you waiting for!
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Arizona and I'm a native. I've been here almost 32 years and I just love coming here.I came here once with my wife and then several months later with some coworkers. I had the same waiter (great guy with the pony tail) and he remembered what my wife had ordered months back. I couldn't believe it. The bar is top notch. They make the best Manhattan in the valley.This is real Italian food folks. Of course there are some negative reviews because well, some people just like The Olive Garden. You can't please everyone. If you like going to The Olive Garden, this place isn't for you. If you like to feel like you just discovered a gem in Sicily for the first time, definitely come to Tomaso's.It's nice enough to celebrate Valentine's Day or an Anniversary here, but also cool enough to go with a group of guys to get some drinks and eat for a few hours ... Yes, you can literally spend hours here eating and drinking. They always make you feel like family. Jason
3	I wanted to take my boyfriend out to a nice Italian restaurant for his birthday rather than doing a steakhouse. I got a recommendation from a coworker to try Tomaso's and I was excited to try a new Italian restaurant that wasn't Olive Garden.  The parking lot was small and we had no choice but to do the complimentary valet.  I'm not a big fan of valeting my car because I've had things stolen from my car before and then I feel obligated to tip.  The atmosphere inside is really nice and cozy and has a romantic feel to it.  The menu items sounded amazing but I was actually pretty disappointed when we got our meal.  Before going out to dinner, I had scoped out the menu online and decided on what I wanted to eat which was the "scampi and risotto".  The description of this dish was "Grilled Giant Prawns with Garlic Scented EVOO; Served with Seafood Medley Risotto" and I was expecting giant prawns and what I got were 4 little prawns with risotto that wasn't cooked all the way and the rice was hard and dry.  I was really disappointed and I really wanted to like the food but it just wasn't what I expected at all, especially for a high priced dish.  The bread and butter they give you before your meal was delicious.  The bread was warm and fresh and the butter was good.  My boyfriend ordered Sea Scallops, Blue Lump Crab, Scampi & Nero di Seppia all'Arrabbiata and he said it was ok but the sauce seemed bland but the seafood seemed to be a generous amount.  The service I will say was exceptional.  They filled our waters and was very attentive.  When I made the reservations to the restaurant, I noted that it was my boyfriends birthday and during dinner, the owner came by and wished him a happy birthday.  When we finished our meal, without even asking the server, the manager and three other servers came with a piece of cake and lit candle and sang him happy birthday.  It was great to see that their service was on point but as far as their food, it's nothing to rave about. I probably won't be back anytime soon.
5	If you know real Italian then Tomaso's is where you want to eat. The owner Tomaso himself has created a menu and environment with a real Italian fare. I have been eating here for years and have never left disappointed. Matter of fact I dined their last night and left with a stuffed belly and a sole on my face. I sat at the bar which had the football game playing. The bartender was friendly and knowledgeable of the items only the menu. Tomaso was in the house as well. Always friendly and comes by to greet the patrons. I was given some warm fresh homemade bread with some of Tomasos own brand of fresh olive oil. By the way it is the best. He makes his own olive oil and various types of wines which are presented in a full stocked bar. What I like most is he offers more then he typical Italian resturant options and seasonal dishes. There is something for all dietary needs. I have some food allergies and this Resturant will customize your order. There is a small room for private parties that can be closed off to the patrons. Decorate classy with top notch customer service.
5	Tomaso's is classic (northern) Italian in an old country setting, straight up. I was concerned after hanging around Little Italy for a month that Arizona's fare would not measure up. I was wrong.Granted, we did not have the standard experience as we came on Christmas Eve, but the staff was friendly and warm. As we watched food being served, it seemed the same dishes kept coming up over and over again, which is good since our rookie order overlapped:- Tuscan Legume Soup ($8): Enjoyable but otherwise unremarkable.- Mozzarella Caprese ($13): Sized for two and executed excellently.- Fish Roulade ($29): Special of the evening was fish rolled with crab and lobster meat over spinach with lobster ravioli. How can one go wrong? One can't.- Scampi Caprese & Lobster Ravioli ($28): I'd call this a miss but I'm in the minority as my parents both enjoyed it and most of the restaurant seemed to agree.- The Best Lasagna Ever ($24): A bold claim, but this really was the best lasagna I've had in a very long time - balanced flavors and not too heavy.For dessert, an adequate tiramisu was heavily overshadowed in both size and preference by a monster cannoli. Tomaso's is a little on the expensive side but one is clearly paying for quality of atmosphere, service and food. It meets the difficult bar of somewhere on which both my meat and potatoes parents and I can agree. For a special occasion (or on an expense account) I'd definitely drop in again.
5	Here for Valentine's Day dinner, the place was packed. Had a short wait at the bar, they mix a mean Manhattan (with Maker's Mark as the well bourbon). Got seated, wait staff was attentive and professional. Courses were paced perfectly. Had the stuffed clams, 2 large shells perfectly prepared. Lobster bisque with nice chunks of lobstery goodness. Shrimp-lobster-langostino fra diavolo in a tomato-seafood stock base over perfectly al dente linguini. Had a bite or two of my dates pear salad, that was awesome, too. This place isn't cheap, but the experience and food are well worth it. I wish more restaurants around the Valley had their commitment to the service side of dining.....
5	Food was excellent, service great, good wine list, but way too large a markup on the wine.
5	this place is always packed, and for good reason. the food is great and the price is good, the only problem is that you probably won't get a seat right away. the lines start early and go until close.
5	excellent!!!
5	Came for lunch. First time we had been there though we had heard good things about it. Decent white wine selection. We got something at the suggestion of the waiter and were happy. My salad was good and my wife loved the soup which was loaded with beans and lentils. Wife had the ravioli special: three types of ravioli in a white sauce. I had salmon on top of pasta with squid ink sauce. Service was good. Most others in the restaurant were businesspeople doing business. We had a good meal and agreed we need to return soon.
4	We had an excellent meal at Tomaso's.  Nice atmosphere and pleasant waiter.  We had a "light meal".... Caeser salad followed by pasta (carbonara and special) and great Tuscan wine.  We avoided the valets and found a space in the parking lot.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place! Went for dinner last night with the girlfriend, a friend and her mom. The appetizer we wanted was no longer on the menu, as Tomaso likes to change the menu regularly, but we asked for it anyway and our request was happily granted. We ordered a bottle of Tomaso's own red wine, Luxur 2004, fabulous! Our appetizer was lemon caper shrimp. Filet mignon was perfection, and for dessert we had fudge truffles. I asked for strawberries with the truffles and again, wish granted with zero hesitation. Everything was perfect as always. I wouldn't bring a girl here on a first date cuz it's a bit spendy for a girl that has no guarantee, but the place definitely drops panties.
1	Dingy dining room poor rushed sevrice. Lobster bisque not fresh at all. Chopped salad was all wilted as if it had been plated hours ago and then dressed. All the veggies were wilted. Chicken dish was rubbery served with overcooked broccoli and 2 dull potato wedges. Quite pricey at $24 for a 6-7 ounce  chix breast. Even the bread was subpar It was  torn pieces of ital bread not terribly fresh. Being used to superior italian food in NYC and LA, this place will never see me again
2	My fiancee and I ate here last night. We're testing out places for a rehearsal dinner. The parking lot is a bit confusing during dinner since the valet cones off the lot. If you enter from the Camelback side you might have to squeeze through a sign and a cement column to get to valet. The interior of the restaurant is ok, seems a bit dated but not too bad. Our experience seemed to be a bit rushed. It felt like as soon as our plates were cleared then next course was on the table. The bread and I assume pesto butter was delightful. The service was OK  but the waiter seemed to rush us and did not really explain any of the menu or tell us the daily vegetable. We had lobster bisque was decent, not the best I've ever had. The dish was so hot that it burned my tongue. For our main dishes, we had the mixed grill and the ribbon pasta with mushroom and truffle. The mixed grill comes with a link of in house made sausage, lamb chops, and a filet. The portions were decent. The waiter neglected to ask me how I would like my filet when I ordered, so it came out well done and the taste of the beef not pleasurable. The best thing by far of the night was the lamb chop. It was seasoned well and cooked to perfection. The sausage link was so-so. My fiancee's dish was interesting. The mushroom-truffle part was tasty, but the ribbon pasta tasted like something from Hamburger Helper. I know they make it in house, but the pasta was not what I was expecting. For dessert, we tried the pistachio cheese cake and caramel chocolate cake. The dishes were respectable but nothing to elevate it from the crowd.
5	This is the Mother Ship for Italian restaurants.  I've been dining at Tomaso's for the past 13 years and I always know I can count on perfection.  The restaurant is comfortable, clean and the food outstanding.  The food is authentic Italian and if I could give the quality of each and every meal a higher rating than 5 stars, I would give it a 10!  Their portions are generous and Tomaso oversees each dish that leaves his kitchen.  He is a hands on owner who greets his customers with open arms.  His staff follows his perfection as well.  Christmas Eve, New Year's Eve, Valentine's Day or any day, this restaurant always amazes me with their menu.  There are many choices and they are never boring.  It is truly a favorite of mine.If you're a sports nut, you will find many familiar faces at this establishment.
2	Sadly, I did not find this place to be as tasty as I hoped or for the prices either.  However, I thought it was going to be uber good because of menu choices and descriptions...and the prices.  But prices lie sometimes...or a lot!  Oh and perhaps because their pesto butter that they give with their bread basket was yuuuuuuuuuumy!  We went for a friend's birthday dinner and so we shared the fried mozarella balls with anchovy sauce and capers.  Now that was tasty!  I got the filet mignon ravioli with veal demi sauce, aromatic vegetables, truffle, and parmaggiano.  Sigh.  The raviolis were good, but I was expecting parmaggiano melted on top and more of a taste variety.  The first few bites were tasty, but I quickly became bored with it.  I did nosh on my friend's seafood ravioli (which were pretty good since it had a cream sauce) and a bit of another friend's veal.  I've had mouth-watering melt-in-your-mouth veal in Sorrento, Italy...so that is what I was hoping for and expecting.  Not so much. See my attached photo...there certainly isn't much to it, very 2-dimensional.  This one was a definitely let down for sure.  And for the pricetag, I'm not happy to not have enjoyed it more.  There seems to be a very old crowd here as well.  Our server was very friendly and helpful as well.  I was afraid not to finish off my last ravioli though, even though I was full, because he would give us a hard time if we didn't finish things on our plate.  Gotta love Europeans!  I remember that happening often when I traveled all over Europe awhile back.  LOL
2	Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table. Food was honestly not my favorite. We tried salad, soup, 2 entrees, and 2 deserts and nothing was worth the high price we paid. There are better places in Phoenix for Italian food.
5	From the options to taste to service to ambiance, I loved this small Italian restaurant! I had the eggplant and squash ravioli and loved it! They also have a great wine list and some different desserts you do not see at every Italian restaurant. I have only been once when visiting for work, but I would go again the next time I am in town!
5	My family's Sicilian and Neapolitan and every time we come here, the family is more than satisfied.  The moment you walk in, you're greeted with a basket of fresh sourdough bread, mouth-watering pesto, and black and white photos of Sophia Loren hanging from the old, brick walls.  The servers and bartenders love Tomaso's themselves and are dedicated to providing you with a wonderful experience.  I personally love the salmon and romaine salad and every pasta dish in the house. Even a normal plate of spaghetti tastes like heaven with Tomaso's touch.  No wonder the place has been voted Arizona's best Italian restaurant year after year.  And here I thought Tomaso's was my neighborhood's best kept secret!
5	Had another exceptional evening at Tomaso's last night. Been here many times. Great quality food, great service. Best Italian food in Phoenix.
5	Absolutely delicious! This is not "Americanized Italian" food. The pasta dishes are far from ordinary & full of flavor. The Fava Bean Salad was incredible, it's a seasonal food item, but a must have! The service was great with professional/friendly staff. The restaurant is great for a romantic night out, business dinner, or for casually chilling at the bar. I am bringing my family here the next time they come to visit.
3	Went on Wednesday place is nice service was good but didn't feel like we got good value for what we paid.  Can't give 3.5 stars definitely not 4 so have to give 3.  Will try again and when I'm off lent.  I had a seafood pasta dish the server recommended.
5	This was my absolute first time at Tomaso's. What an experience!  From the moment I walked in I was greeted very pleasantly by the hostess and three staff members. Staff were extremely knowledgeable of the wines as well as the menu items. Some spoke very heavy Italian...I don't; but it didn't pose a problem. After my arrival, the place filled quickly; ranging from couples to eight member parties. Noise was at a minimal.I began my dining experience by having a glass of resieling as I admired  the artwork, lighting, furniture, etc. and soaked up my surroundings. I noticed that every occupied table had a bottle of wine on it... except mine.Meal options: I chose to start with the Fiori di Zucca - stuffed zucchini blossom with organic ricotta, basil & mozzarella. Talk about a treat for your palate! For an entree, I chose the Menage a Trois -  lobster, scallops, and shrimp in a savory fresh tomato sauce, olives & basil; served on linguine. Yum. Yum!  Everything was on point and served in a timely fashion.I was please with the entire experience. I recommend Tomaso's for special occasions or for those that missing true authentic Italian food.
5	I went to Tomaso's as my 1st Restaurant Week stop. The service was absolutely great! I sat at the bar with a great bartender, Robin. He was knowledgeable and very excited about food, just like me.When I mentioned I needed to skip dessert, he was happy to substitute and Italian wedding soup! That was very generous! It had no pasta, which is unusual for a wedding soup. Instead, diced white meat chicken took its place next to traditional and delicious little meatballs.I came specifically for the zucchini blossoms, and they didn't disappoint! Beautiful, tasty, even the stems! Though I think they could have used a bit more salt. And after all that, I forgot to take their photo!The shrimp on the shrimp and lobster ravioli was amazing!! Very meaty, no fishy flavor whatsoever, and the lemon sauce was perfect! The ravioli had a clear clean lobster flavor and perfect tooth bite.#eatARW
4	My husband and I had dinner at Thomaso's. We got seated promptly and was given a basket of bread. It was boring, not very tasty bread...but I thought "that's authentic, in Italy the bread is not great either." It came with a flavored butter that was pretty good. The waiter forgot to bring the oil until much later in the meal. The service was good in this place and really fast. I think it was the quickest meal I have ever had. We started out with the calamari. It was very bland and could have used one more minute in the fryer but the marinara sauce that came with it was great! The salad bianco was really good. The dressing was super lemony. I loved it. My main dish was ok. I got the special which was homemade penne ala vodka with langastino shrimp. It was ok. It didn't rock my world. The sauce was a bit bland, the pasta wasn't al dente  but overall the experience was good. My husband loved his linguini with clams!
4	Just simply the best home made pasta ever. No wonder this establishment has been a staple in the camelback corridor/biltmore area for such a long time. We went there to try out #arizonarestauranteeek! I decided to opt out from the set menu and order the black fettuccini since I'm obsessed with squid in pasta. I'm so happy I did. My dish was full of rich flavor. My boyfriend ordered the three course restaurant week special and loved the sea food pasta with sea bass. We couldn't finish our delicious plates and rolled out of tomasos with big big smiles.Thank you tomasos for your delicious pasta dishes!
5	As good as it gets; superb food, atmosphere, service. Try it during Restaurant Week when you can sample favorites
5	Love this place, they will make you whatever you what if they have it, great service!
3	Standard fare.  I didn't see the costs, so I can't speak to that.  Service was excellent.  Pasta was slightly undercooked, bolognaise was a little bland.  Salad was inedible.  I would come back, but I wouldn't get too excited about it.  If and when I come back, I'll update my take on other dishes.
3	I had dinner at Tomaso's the other night, and found it to be a very solid meal. I was able to secure a table without a reservation, though that may be always possible, especially on the weekends.  The wine list is extensive and impressive, including a nice selection of wines by the glass. Unfortunately they do not stock any of the great craft beers coming out of Italy. I started with a Tuscan bean soup that was good, though lacking in anything exciting. For my main, I had a daily special that was a house made swiss chard and kale ravioli stuffed with ricotta cheese, with a balsamic demi-glaze.  Service was attentive, but not smothering. Overall very good dinner.
4	We came here for a business dinner. Parking was a nightmare, as the lot was very crowded and the line of cars for valet made it hard to actually maneuver around. We ended up parking in a lot around the corner, behind the restaurant, and it was a very short walk to the front entrance. The interior is cozy, with tasteful decor. Our dinner had some preset options, including a salad, your choice of entree, and dessert. I opted for a prawn dish. The presentation was well done, the prawns were excellently cooked, with a very delicate flavor. Service was very attentive and drinks were refilled as needed. Despite the parking hassle, this is a great place for a nice night out and I'll definitely be coming back if I'm in the mood for upscale Italian cuisine.
5	Holy amazingness!!!!!! If I lived in the area, this would be my favorite spot!!! I can't tell you what dish I enjoyed the most: the ravioli was to die for, the lobster risotto was the best I've ever had, and the steak, lamb, and sausage main course nearly had me in tears for savoring every bite. If you are ever in Phoenix you must check out this landmark restaurant! My pops could not rave enough about his gluten-free pasta!! Thanks Tomaso for foodie's dream night of eating!!!
1	Arrived earlier than our reservations and were seated by 645, didnt get our food until 830 and our order was screwed up. When we addressed the manager he insulted what we ordered and was incredibly rude. I was this close to calling my local godfather to ask for a favor. Maybe if the food was better I would have even slightly understood, but it was nothing to scream about and we were treated more than poorly. Would give a 0/5 if possible.
