5	Great place in fort mill to visit, have a few drinks and eat. Tuesdays it's $1 pizza and beer. Weekends are also fun! Karaoke on Fridays, and music on Saturdays. They also have a juke box for the patrons, it does cost $ but it's great to have the option to choose your own music.
4	Love the crust on this pizza. The sauce is decent, cheese is okay, the pepperoni was not the best quality. My friend ordered an everything slice, said it was good, just wished so cheese was on the toppings to hold it together.
1	I am new in town and stopped by for dinner. I should have tried the pizza first but tried the eggplant parm instead to go(carry out). When I got home I was a little confused being from Brooklyn NY. I have never seen eggplant cooked in a deep fryer in my life. I was surprised when I took my first bite because I never had this hero chew crunchy or oil/grease shoot out like a cannon. It seems like it might have been over cooked??? I was starving so I forced myself to try to eat some more of this unfamiliar hero. I couldn't do it anymore so I threw it out. My dog would bite me if I fed this to him. I will go back one more time and try the pizza just because of the reviews but if this goes sour forgetabutit!!!!!!
2	This place has a good rep, I just don't like it. The pizza is way too oily or greasy however you want to call it. Not for me. I hate any food that's covered in oil.
4	Been to carmellas several times and have yet to get a mediocre meal. Word to the wise, if you order a large sandwich it will be large.  Probably enough to save for tomorrow.  Pizza is probably the best in fort Mill. Bar is always busy and the bartenders are really friendly.  I've seen some negative reviews, but I have to say that for me I haven't had anything but good to great food and service.  For a place that you can spend about $20 for a family of four I'll take that any day.
1	This used to be a good pizza joint.  I am sad to say used to.  Going in we passed what looked like a meth head lady smoking out front.  We seated ourselves.  I mentioned that the Panthers game was not on any of the TV's and the response was "well it was, that's weird."  I ordered a house calzone.  I see they are skimping with plastic silverware but also filling the calzone with about long strips ofa whole yellow onion.  It said there was ricotta but if there was I didn't see any.  So I had a onion calzone.  The calzone was messy, and was served on paper.  Essentially, if you cut your calzone you had to sift through the soggy paper.  The kids had a pizza brought to them by the lady who was smoking in the doorway out front.  We asked specifically if they could change the channel to the Panthers game.  The response was the manager said you have to sit at the bar to watch the game.  No one else was in the dining area but us.  Also, when it was brought to the attention that the paper the calzones were served on was less than ideal the staff finally recognized maybe a plate would be a good idea.  We were almost done and we said forget it.  I can see what effect management can have on a restaurant.  Any issues such as games on TV's were not remedied but answered by essentially that's too bad.  It was Sunday football and I was afraid it would be too crowded.  I see why it was not and I will not go back.  By the way, we have been going here for many years and I would have given t 4 stars then.
5	Wings were great...they were a bit on the greasy side but crispy and spicy! Had large supreme Pizza and it was great as well. We stopped here based on the reviews and almost turned around...we weren't  expecting that but it was awesome!
3	I would only get the chicken wings. Everything else is ok. The know how to do some wings.
