2	If you're the kind of person who's into beads, buttons, earrings and anything else that's ridiculously small and brightly coloured, then you'll love this place.If, like me, the idea of spending half an hour in a tiny shop filled with more different colours than a Dulux paint chart is not your idea of fun, the you should probably steer clear. I've been dragged in here by friends a few times, and every time i come out I swear I actually have a headache.To be fair to it though, this shop is good if you're stuck for present ideas. I know blokes are always complaining that women are hard to buy for, but there are so many handbags, belts and jewellery that you can't go wrong, in particular they have body jewellery for every single body piercing you can think of.
3	This place conveniently located right next to Greyfriar's Bobby statue is great for girlie gifts.  I found a cute necklace for a friend here and they have a pretty good selection of amusing cards. Its layout is a bit difficult to move around in if there are more than three people but it's still great to browse around in.  Its vibrant colours and selection of knick knacks all over the store can be a bit too much and slightly overwhelming. It's not pricey but these things add up. It goes a bit too girlie/emo for my taste, but it's the sort of store you go in not looking for anything and come out with a whole bunch of stuff you will either wear out or add to your already full collection of bright earrings/ flashy handbags. Or at least get that birthday gift you are three weeks late on.
4	Another quirky little gift store - there certainly isn't a shortage of these in the town centre. This one offers lots of handmade goodies such as purses, jewellery, magnets, picture frames, cocktail shakers and other little gift ideas. Like most little gift shops the items inside are all very pretty but the price tag isn't so nice... but I guess if you see something that you know a friend would love then the price isn't so much of an issue.The staff are very friendly and smiley and every time I've popped in for a look around I've always been greeted with a smile. It's quite a small shop and can get quite busy but unlike some little shops the staff don't stare at you as if you're about the steal something and you can browse at your leisure for as long as you want.
4	The kind of store that proves fascinating to the young and female, but baffling and pointless to myself, Joe serves up all sorts of little trinkets and things that the oestrogen-fuelled seem to like. Stuff like cocktail glasses with "fabulous" written on them, mugs with innuendo-laden phrases, and jewellery shaped like cupcakes. It's all very colourful, twee, and of no interest to me whatsoever. For the target market though, Joe certainly does deliver.
2	Lets get some things straight - I'm colour blind, and as such, I do not think I am able to experience what others experience in Joe.Female friends who have broiught me in here go on about so much colour and how sweet and charming this place is.I just dont see the appeal - its all a bit tacky and shiny and just a bit... pointless.The times I have been in here I have always seen people (mostly girls, but not always) excitedly survaying all items, and I just cant agree with them - biut clearly Joe does have many fans.
4	This quirky and random assortment of jewels and trinkets has steadfastly resided here in prime student netting postion for a good while now. The range and amount of jewellery here is high, considering the small size of the shop, and comprises of a mixture of styles, from comfortably fitting in with fashion adornments, to more eccentric, novelty pieces, designed for some statement effect.Joe's recent display window has been a mosaic of busy and brightly coloured jewellery, purses and other items you would possibly give as a gift. Unless you're super fussy, you'll definitely find something in here that matches the material, colour or style you're looking for, and it's not at all expensive, so if you're partial to a cheeky impulse thrill buy like me, you can do it here without causing too much financial damage to yourself.
3	Wow, the female reviewers really like this place.  It's easy to see why as well.  The bright blue shop front made me take notice, and I approached the window to see what the fuss was about.  I couldn't really work out what sort of shop it was from here, so I headed inside.This place would probably be heaven for a woman that likes jewellery and associated accessories.  As with the other men, it holds no interest for me, but was still pleasant to wander around.  It feels like a big place, but that is because of the mirror placed on the back wall that had me fooled for most of my visit.There's a lot going on in here colour-wise, and you're definitely in for a visual treat.  As well as the fashion stuff, there's also a selection of cards and other small niche gifts for all those trendy people who would shop here.Enough colours to make your head ache, but enough gifts and accessories to last a lifetime.
2	Joe isn't your fancy New Town jewellers. That's a good thing. This is jewellery for the people. Unfortunately in the case of Joe that means cheap quality.Actually Joe isn't that inexpensive, but I really feel it should be. It sells lots of bits and bobs jewellery, mostly big beads and dangly bracelets, some complementary to a teenagery brooding look, but mostly "alternative" or hippy chic. I  actually really actually don't mind the stuff here much at all. I like that it isn't Bulgari. The thing that drops the rating star is the disorganisation.When I was in Joe, the place seemed really cluttered and hard to navigate. The setup just didn't seem ideal for the small space. Admittedly it didn't help that it was too busy and the staff seemed to be wandering around aimlessly in some hypnotic state. I was mildly irritated and had to leave. Perhaps Joe was having a bad day, perhaps Joe can sort itself out.I'm determined to like Joe more. I'm might give it/him/her another chance. Watch this space
3	A great gift shop that has a gorgeous range of jewellery from novelty bangles and earrings for a couple of quid to some beautiful (and more expensive) handmade silver options in the glasses cases around the walls.I often head here for cards; they have lots of good options for all occasions. The odd bits of stationary and cosmetics make good secret santa gifts or stocking fillers come Christmas time and you're bound to find something for the female members of your family and circle of friends. For the males it's a bit more hit and miss in here, magnets, mugs and some novelty gifts are around. I picked u some drumstick pencils for a male friend's birthday one year but don't count finding something for your male loved ones here.
4	Before we left for our UK trip, I asked my sister and one of my friends what do they want from the UK.  To my dismay... "Jewelry!" they both said.... I don't wear any jewelry... I don't shop for jewelry.  I don't know what's "in" and what's "out".  They certainly gave me a pretty miserable task... well, besides the mythical "red taxi" model my sister also added, which I searched everywhere and couldn't find... then finally figured out she mistook the red mini as a red taxi... but that's besides the point.So the entire trip, I tried to keep my eyes peeled for jewelry... something interesting, something that won't break the bank either... again, a miserable task.I was dragging my feet, walking slowly behind hubbo... (cause he dragged me up to Arthur's Seat at 7 AM... but that's besides the point too)...when we passed Joe.  What caught my eyes first was the vibrant color of the store and then the vibrant colors in their window displays.  We walked in. 15 minutes later, we walked out with 3 rings and 2 bracelets in a bag.  Mission accomplished.My sister and friend told me they loved them and that I did a good job.  I don't know if they are lying to me... but it's done.Cute store tho.  That 15 min wasn't too painful.
3	Nothing amazing generally about Joe (it's got pretty standard gift-y shop accessories), but it's the only place I've been able to find the plain sort of nose stud I like. 4 years on, when my old one suffered the fate of the sink drain, they still carry them. Hoorah!
