5	I've followed Charity from her previous salon, which she bought and made her own! This new location is beautiful, and in such a cute area too!! My Zorro (Silkie Terrior) has been groomed by Charity for 8 years now! Highly recommend this salon, and she specializes in color art, sometimes if it's a holiday or I'm feeling adventurous I'll let her do whatever she wants on him :) I usually get back a cute pumpkin dog around this time of year!!
5	Just moved to the Centennial hills area and our two long haired dauchund's were in desperate need of a groom as their last service was a shave down at the start of summer and after 5 months of swimming and traveling they were in need of some tlc. There are plenty of choices of groomers in the area and even though one that is close by offered a lower price, I wasn't certain about the quality that I was going to get with the competitor. I called a few of the groomers and ended up bringing my babies in with short notice which was a nice change.  The shop is cute, the owner Charity and her staff are friendly, we were greeted by the owners adorable receptionist Bonsia the poodle ! About the service: My boys came out smelling wonderful, ( and not like a French whorehouse which some groomers do by dousing the dogs with perfume ) looking well groomed ( all sanitary trims done and excellent clipping and any muddled fur blended ) super clean, well conditioned ( which I have to say with long haired dogs they need a little special care for those tangles and shine). All in all these ladies go the extra mile to pamper your dog.  One of my boys hates getting his nails trimmed and we have had issues with groomers in the past going overboard and having him be very sensitive afterwards.   Today he came out happy, barking and they even capped off his nails with some pawlish ! All in all I am very pleased with the service from So Fetch and will be using them from now on for my babies.
5	Amazing pet salon! If you need a new groomer this is where you need to be. My dog was in desperate need of a grooming I have lived in centennial hills for a little over 12 years. I'm so happy I have found a new place for my dog to get groomed. Prices are great and everyone was awesome. Oh and it is the first place in 2 years that my dog was not dragging her feet before she got to the door.
