4	This is in a very... well I don't know how else to say it so.. I'll say "ghetto" part of the phoenix. It's hard so find as it blends in with the dullness of the area. I never knew they existed until I went on a doctor search. It's very small as far as doctors offices go. It seems to always be more packed in the morning so I always schedule in the afternoon. I have dealt with Dr. Victor Aire-Oaihimire And Dr. Robin Lee and they are both great. What I like is that they genuinely care about patients. I hate doctors who just want to get their patients in and out as fast as they can so they can go home.  My only few complaints are that the staff kept calling me repeatedly to confirm my appointment even though I had done so many times already. I think they could use some more organization. If you have an appointment with a certain doctor they might ask you if it is okay if you see another- I don't think this is a problem but some others might not like it. This is mostly due to overbooking and I do think they overbook but it should also be noted that walk ins are welcome which I think is great so I won't take off points for that. I won't take off points for the lack of patient etiquette either. People, PLEASE leave your kids at home with your spouse or relative or find other arrangements. Nothing wrong with bringing your spouse but I've seen people bringing in their entire families. A lady came in with her 5 kids today who were loud and rowdy. The waiting room is small here and should be reserved for patients. I think the lack of space in the waiting room is not really due to overbooking but due to patients bringing in everyone and anyone!
5	I see Dr. Bonilla at the pain clinic and I'm really happy with the care I'm receiving. My experience is the same with Brenda P.'s because I feel like they genuinly care here. It can be difficult to talk about what's going on with me and I felt like Dr. Bonilla and his assistant really listened to me.
5	I simply cannot understand the negativity rating of this fine medical practice.  I guess good follow-through and caring patient support to one person is a nuisance to another.  That level of follow-through is one particular reason I prefer YNHC so very much!  It seems that flash medical treatment has more become the norm...where people are treated more as numbers rushed through service to push more during a day than actually care for the wholeness of a person.  The total care of the person on more than one level is the aim of YNHC.  They take the time to talk with you so that they may provide the best possible care for each individual.  The actual term for what YNHC provides is integrated medical services practice modeled after what is provided at the great Mayo Clinic whom I believe were the first to institute such a plan.  YNHC has brought this to the clinic level in an effort to provide a more comprehensive health care for your whole family and offer each and every one a more personalized treatment.  Then they take it a full step further by keeping the whole situation in more of a family feeling instead strictly, coldly medical.  They take the time to interact with everyone on a personal level.  And yes, this may cause your appointment to run a bit long from time to time....so then I guess what I'm saying is if you're looking for cookie cutter, flash medicine you might seek another provider; because at YNHC you're going to get top notch medical professionals plus their experience and expertise and a personal touch.In answer to the children running amok problem, every time I've ever been to either location I've not personally witnessed what you spoke of as a matter of fact it's been the exact opposite.   But then I don't see the buildings as you have either...so that's probably a matter of perspective, opinion and/or day of the week.
