3	I have not purchased glasses here, but I did stop by on Monday to get my current pair of glasses adjusted. I went in and was faced with a sign in sheet with no pen to sign in. Well fine, I don't like signing in anyway and I'm not technically a customer. All the shop attendants were with clients, so I stood around rather listlessly until one freed up. The wait was about 5 minutes and I'm impatient so I found that annoying. When my turn opened up my eye specialist was very amiable, took me back to the adjustment area and went straight to work tightening up the loose spots and checking the glasses on my face a number of times. There were no questions about where I bought the glasses and they happily provided the service free of charge.
4	I had a good experience here. Got some pretty nice RayBans too. The staff-although they look dumb are not. They're actually very helpful, so my bad for making assumptions. The doctor is friendly and helpful. The sales associate also saved me a ton of money through a plethora of discounts and sales. So it's not like they try to scam you out of your money, they want you to be satisfied. I'd recommend this location for anyone in the PV Area. Nothing special about it, just what you would expect from a Lenscrafters. Much better than the one on Thunderbird though.
4	Good selection of Rayban's... not great....but glasses in one hr is a definite plus even if I won't probably be buying my next pair of glasses for them. This particular location is very good...just needs more selection. Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	Great location and a free fix for my broken nose piece even though they don't even carry the brand being fixed (Costa Del Mar.)  Combine this with a good overall selection and I'd defintely return if/when I decide to buy a new pair of sunglasses.
1	I am never going to this Lenscrafters again. The service is awful. I've been a customer for several years now and I've put up with 30 minute wait times for far too long. They need to staff this store with more associates. The latest incident occurred when I went in to order replacement lens for teenage son's glasses. Luckily they were still under warranty, so it as only $25. But, just to order the lens, my son and I waited 30 minutes. We tried to place the order, then the computers were down. So we had to move to another station. The lady was also trying to help another waiting customer at the same time. OK, lens ordered. She told me to take home the frames because they didn't need them yet. They called, I went in to pick up the lenses. The lenses hadn't been cut down to fit the glasses yet, so after yet another 30 minute wait, I found out I had to come back an hour later. Well, I work for a living and I'd already spent my entire lunch hour waiting to pick up my lenses. So I go back at 3:30 figuring it won't be that crowded. Wrong. Yet again, I waited 30 minutes. Finally, they give me my glasses with the lenses fit in and I was so aggravated I stormed out. I'm also going to write a letter to the corporate headquarters. We've been to one other lenscrafters location in PV mall and it didn't seem as bad. But regardless, Lenscrafters has now lost three customers because three people in my family wear glasses.
5	Dr. Jesse Dominguez was beyond awesome. He made me feel so comfortable and explained everything and answered all my questions. I couldn't have asked for more! He gave me contacts to try the same day and they feel amazing and are so very comfortable. Five stars for him!
4	I go here a lot to buy eye glasses and sunglasses.  I've purchased 9 pairs of glasses from here in the past 2 years and I generally have a pretty good experience.There was a gentleman there that use to always help me, he has moved out of state, however.  I miss him, he was great, gave honest opinions on how the glasses looked on me which is important to me.  You don't want to spend $400 on glasses and look like an idiot in the process.There is a new girl there, she helps me a lot and I like her.  She doesn't hover too much, but doesn't ignore me either.  The doctor I meet with is great, friendly, and fast.  I can get in and out promptly.The store carries designer frames which I like that I can get Gucci, Prada, Fendi, or any other designer there.  However I was bummed they quit selling the Chanel ones.Under most cases my glasses have been ready in one to two hours time for ordering multiple pairs.  Only once were my glasses not available same day, because they had to order the special Ray Ban lenses elsewhere and I understood that.The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because once I ordered 3 pairs of glasses.  I specifically told the desk I wanted to pick them all up at once, not drive in each time as I live on the west side of town 20 miles away.  What a waste of gas to go back 3 times for glasses.  The girl told me fine they'd be ready in 2 weeks since the lenses were being shipped from California, she marked the account, I left the store.I received a phone call 3 days later from a different store worker who told me my glasses were ready.  I asked her, all 3 pairs? She assured me yes, so I jumped in my car, drove out there, and went to get my glasses when she handed me only 1 pair of glasses.  I asked her for the other 2, and she looked at me bewildered.She checked the account again and said oh, those aren't ready yet.  I let her know I specifically did not want to drive down here for 1 pair of glasses!  And instead of saying sorry, taking the blame, she blamed the other worker for supposedly NOT marking the account properly.  But even if that was true, I asked by phone if all 3 pairs were ready and she had told me they were.I leave, and a few days later I get a call, they are ready.  I ask again, are they ALL ready? I don't want to drive down there a 3rd time.  She assures me yes, they are ready, I remind her by phone of what happened the last time so to make sure they are really ready.  She puts me on hold, comes back, nope, not ready.  They will be ready for sure tomorrow.3 more days pass, I never received a call stating they were ready so I decide to drive down there since it's by my work.  What do you know, they were ready but no one called.  She hands me the pair I had been waiting on, and I ask for my 3rd pair.  She's questioning, what 3rd pair???  I tell her to check her computer again, there is another pair of glasses, it was the one pair that I could have walked out the store with the day I made the order but I decided not to.She checks around, can't find them, they must not be ready yet.  I tell her check again, she does and asked a coworker whom points directly to them sitting on the shelf.The store is great, I love it, love their prices, their options, their speed.  I just don't like this specific worker.  If she was the only person that could possibly give me customer service I'll just Stevie Wonder that $h!t and walk around blind.  I love my dog, I think she likes me to or at least she likes that feed her so I trust she won't walk me into traffic.  I'll get a fake ID that says I'm 65 and move to Sun City with the old people where I'll drive around in a golf cart running over cats and plowing into Circle K's in my oversized Cadillac.If she quits I'll bump it to 5 stars, but because I have the misfortune to be serviced by her and other do to, it stays at  4 star.
5	I had a fantastic experience at the Thomas Eyecare Group inside of the Lenscrafters here with Dr. Camille Singh, OD.  They were able to get me in next day for an eye appointment.  Very quick and thorough with the exam.After I was able to go pick out a new pair of glasses and they put a new set of RX lenses in the glasses frames and had it done within an hour!  All in all with the eye appointment and the glasses I was out within 2 hours.  Great job guys!
4	The staff is nice. Big selection. Cleaned and tightened my old pair while I was shopping for a new one.
