3	I visit this particular Fresh & Easy probably once a month. The service is up & down, sometimes really friendly, other just down right grumpy. Having said so, this is a great last minute meal destination. They have a NICE reasonably priced cheese selection and lots of "On Tha Go"quick prep food items. The Produce dept. is usually MISERABLE, so stay away from that bit. The wine & beer selection is just OK & should be better to go with the wonderful cheese selection. Fresh & Easy is an Off Shoot of Tesco From England, so their are a few hard to find British food items available if you are looking for them. And The Finale: This Fresh & Easy is located right next to Tailgaters Sports Bar. As stated in a previous review, Tailgaters may be the Worst Sports Bar I have ever visited! JUST SAY NO, grab what you need from Fresh & Easy & be on your way!!!
5	This is the best store for single people or people who don't cook much!  Great breads (soy free) wonderful cheese selection as they carry my favorite, Supreme Brie.  It is small and the selection is slim but they have such a great selection of fresh items.  Of course the expiration date is not long, but who wants to eat a loaf of bread that lasts a month, really it should only last a few days.  I am not into the preservatives and junk in my food.  I really like their fresh salads!!!  The store is always clean and they do give back to the community.  Save your receipts for schools and the school gets $1 for every $20 is receipts!  Great place to go every few days for the fresh items:)
5	I was a slow adopter to Fresh & Easy. I'd like to smack my former self for not jumping in sooner. I am a regular at the Higley & Ray store, and most of the employees know me by name. Everyone is very friendly and helpful, transactions are very efficient (all self checkout), and the store is well stocked. Now let's talk about the products!I have grown quite fond of the Fresh & Easy brand products...they all lack artificial flavors, colors, and preservatives. You name your favorite name brand item, and there is most likely an F&E equivalent. My favorite items in the store are: - Peanut Butter & Chocolate Chip Granola Bars - Multigrain Instant Oatmeal - Pizza Dough!!! (more on that in a bit) - Organic Quinoa - Hummus (particularly spicy jalapeno and lemon cilantro)The pizza dough is such a hit in my house. They have a traditional dough, a whole wheat, and a focaccia style. Its so easy to work with too, 450 degrees, use some of their jar pizza sauce or make your own, and sprinkle with the lowfat mozzarella and toppings of choice. 10 minutes, you have pizza that'll beat any chain and the ingredients are much higher quality.Trader Joe's set the bar pretty high for house-brand products, but Fresh & Easy has definitely made their way in to the regular shopping rotation in our home. You will be pleasantly surprised!
5	My new Fresh and Easy. Up to their usual standards.
4	We really like this store.  It's not as big as a Safeway or Basha's, but they have a good variety of products.  Some of their store brand items (like their chocolate fudge cake) are really good.  We sometimes get their prepared meals.  The "Chinese" meals aren't very good, but many of the others are quite tasty.  Their breads are also very good (I love their whole grain hamburger buns).The staff is generally friendly and helpful, and their meats are fresh.
4	I've only been in this store once, but I actually found some good stuff in my one visit!  I had my doubts about Fresh & Easy, but there are some good finds for really good prices.  I plan to go back.
2	Use to go here quite a bit at the beginning, I tried a bunch of their own brand name stuff.  Their refrigated ranch dressing is really good, chocolate chip cookie dough, pizza...all good.  Good portions for single people.  In general though, you don't get what you pay for, it sounds affordable but they basically cut the weight and portion sizes and still charge as if you are getting something in more bulk.  Their wraps and sandwiches are pretty disgusting.  Their sushi rolls are really gross and I don't know why they bother.  What's worst is their produce, it looks horrible and is pricey or you get what you pay for when it's on sale.  I thought this place "fresh and easy" was going to be based on it's freshness and variety of veggies and fruit and they lack in both areas.  So I go in their for a few of my favorite items and leave.
5	I do 97% of my families shopping here. I love the bakery that this location has! Some of their prepared meals are better then others just like any store. The Indian ones are actually quite good for Indian on the go. The meat  and their cheese selection is always awesome. The staff at this store are great, they are always friendly and helpful.
4	Wish I could do more of my shopping here, unfortunately I'm only in the neighborhood to pick up my mail every other week at the PO BOX office close by. Love the aura of this store and the wide variety of keyword: healthy food. Most of the time I shop I get trapped into buying yucky snack foods, but here I can divulge in delicious low cal treats and pre-made meals! I absolutely love the back wall refrigerators with their homemade microwaveable meals. Their carne asada steak bowl with corn, rice and fresh tomato salsa are on par, if not more amazing than Chipotle's steak burrito bowls. I also recommend their jalapeno hummus and some fresh pita from their bakery! (My mouth is watering after just writing this review!)The only downside and therefore 1 star knock down are the other customers that also shop here. Most (not all) are rude and have no problem rolling their eyes at you for something they cause. All too often will they leave their carts in the middle of aisles blocking the way to get by as they gaze aimlessly at items on shelves. Look, I am patient, but only to a certain extent. If I have to politely excuse myself through multiple aisles and navigate through cart hell I'm going to lose patience real quick.
4	It's been a while so I thought I would update my review.I still like this store.  It's a very nice store with nice employees.  The fresh bakery has, unfortunately, gone downhill.  Initially I really liked their pastries such as their chocolate croissants.  But lately their pastries seem less tasty.  They seem to be using less chocolate, less cinnamon in their cinnamon pastries, etc.  Very disappointing.  Their loaf breads are good, though.Their other products are still good in general.  I still give them 4 stars.
4	Fresh food and great quality. Wish we had this grocery store back East.
4	My new neighborhood fresh & easy. All fresh & easys are usually the same size and stocked with the same items so i like that about this market. When I lived in Chandler, the two closest location to me were 10-15 drives each. Now its a hop and skip away which I love, love, love. I have two items that I always come here specifically to buy:  1. POG juice! (Pineapple, Orange, Guava) Finally somewhere in AZ that sells this!   2. Mushrooms, yes seriously! (cleanest mushrooms compared to other stores) I also love when they send me $4 off $20 coupons through email which keeps me coming back. Now, the friends reward is another added bonus.
2	The first 2 yrs this store was open I did all my shopping here. Everything was super fresh and very cost effect. Immediately I notice a big savings in my monthly grocery budget. Sadly in the last 18 months prices have gone way up, quality has gone way down, and now that they've added online coupons and a rewards card check out has just gotten to be a hassle. I miss the old Fresh and Easy. On the upside the store is always super clean and the staff is always friendly and easy to find.
5	I love Fresh & Easy!! I would rather come here 10 times in a day than go to the big box stores 1 time! staff is great, they make it easy to get in and out and they always have great deals and the quality of food is great! love the New York strip steak with peppercorn sauce!!!
1	Oh F&E - how you have broken my heart!  This was my favorite place to shop for the past year.  After being taken over by another grocery store chain, the store has gone downhill.  From higher prices on almost everything in the store (the dinners I used to purchase for weekly dinners went up on average $1 per!  It's a meal under 300 calories - there's hardly any food in the bow!  How can you justify that increase!)  The quality of the produce is now shockingly bad.  I used to be able to have fresh bananas and spinach last all week - not now.  The bananas are brown and spotted and questionable by Wednesday.  And finally, today I purchased a bean and cheese dish and apparently someone forgot to add cheese!  Ugh.  Like I said, I used to love this store!  This was my main grocery store and I purchased 5 nights of dinners for me and my boyfriend.  Not anymore.  Time to find a new store.  I will say that despite all the changes, the employees still remain the most helpful an friendly of any store you can shop at.
5	Let me start off, by saying that I love Fresh and Easy. I stop in virtually every day to grab myself a grapefruit fiz, and see what specials they are running.  F&E is always coming up with newer product lines and revamping their current ones (which can be positive or negative!).The fact that F&E branded products have no artificial colors, flavors or preservatives makes them rock even more!.
3	Sorry to say, but fresh & easy is no longer that !!! Needed to break a $20 as I was trying to make a purchase and was told they could not Give me change ????   They have enjoyed taking thousands of dollars from me over they years but unwilling to go the extra foot and make change for me.  I guess I'll start making the hike to Frys marketplace from now on.
5	It's fresh, it's easy.... I'm still a fan!! It's seems they have added an ATM the looks pretty easy And solves my issue of not being able to make change!!! Sweet!!
1	Purchased about 15 jars of baby food - "good earth" brand and when opened they were hard and moldy. Took them back and they wouldn't make it right?? Wow...I will stick to fry's.
4	Have some awesome pre-packaged dinners and always have good luck with my produce staying fresh for awhile ! Plus open 24 hours ... Which has been a lifesaver !
5	Love love love it!   Small but convenient and the food is awesome!  I bought prepared dinners;  a maple glazed pork loin and a chicken Marsala for much less money and time I could have prepared them and they were delicious!  I also purchased a roasted beet and Quinoa salad that was to die for.  They have a new happy customer for sure!
1	The only reason I shop at this store is for their Granola cereal. It use to be $1.99 best deal in town for sure. I went in today and they've raised the price to $3.79. Ugh I miss the old store.
