5	Aimed to be first in line but was stuck finding parking and ended up being third. Now that I vented, this Firehouse is just like every other one, AMAZING! But with one exception, IT'S ON THE EASTSIDE! Met the franchisee and he is a great guy, him and his wife have plans on opening more eastside Firehouses. They're basically eastside Saints at this point. THANK YOU GUYS!
5	Amazing experience. Polite and courteous employees, very helpful and kind. Food was amazing, and the jalapeno cheddar chips!! To die for. Mmmm mmm my taste buds always thank me when I go here. They have a drink machine that lets you make a billion different combinations of drinks. I love it here.
5	Tons of options, customizations, incredible employees, and amazing food. They know us by now. Their subs might take a little longer than Subway but they're made better and once you stop and think about it there are other customers in the world so who cares. Plus, you get what you wait for. 10 minutes making a hot meat sandwich in the manner that they do is not a lot to ask for. Also I'm not sure I have ever heard of damning a place with one star for too many options. #bye
4	Okay cute place,  they definitely pull of their theme! I'm the type of person who really loves a great sandwich.  And they happen to make very good ones here all the elements to a delicious sub-soft bread, savory meats, and fresh cheeses. The reviewer that complained about variety of toppings must be easily fooled on the quality of other places, because Subway may have the toppings but the meats do not compare. I had the Italian this visit,  actually my first to this location... but, I've been to others and will be back again! If you come,  the hardest thing is deciding which sub to choose. Oh I almost forgot to mention they have like twenty different kinds of hot sauce!! they vary in heat level and flavors. Yummy and fun exra element that helps this place be original.
3	Firehouse Subs works in a pinch. I stopped here for lunch while in the area and basically Firehouse Subs is what you would get if you were to mix Subway with Quizno's and added a high tech soda fountain. I went the healthy route and ordered the Turkey Salsa Verde; Smoked turkey breast, Monterey Jack, salsa verde sauce, lettuce, tomato, onion, wheat roll and nixed the mayonnaise. At 400 calories it is pretty hard to beat.This was a pretty damn good sandwich considering the caloric investment featuring fresh Turkey and a great zippy kick from the salsa verde sauce. I was impressed! Adding chips and a soda for less than $10.00 didn't hurt either. I will unquestionably try Firehouse Subs if I run into another franchise again.
