5	Definitely A+++ service.Unfortunately someone broke into my car in the Venetian Parking lot during my recent trip to Vegas.I had my concerns though calling this company, because I found them on Craigslist...I contacted Safelite first and some other companies.Safelite told me it would take 24 hours for someone to come and do an install.I contacted CA Auto Glass finally and their price was $50 to $120 cheaper than any of the other companies.He told me it'd take 30 min to 60 min for someone to get to me because they had to pickup the Window (Passenger Front Door).The guy installed it in 50 minutes while i sat in Starbucks.$110 for Window and Install (Including Tax).They did offer $80 for a used one installed, but I had to go to their location.I definitely recommend!
5	California Windows Repair saved the day for me. My window on my mitshibishi eclipse driver side was broken into late Saturday night. I started looking for a place early Sunday morning, very few places were open and this was the only place to have the rt window for my car. They were very friendly and even called to make sure I found the location ok.
1	They don 't have a good customer service ,but the guy that doing the window tinting is  nice.
5	this place is amazing! great price and excellent service!!..definitely recommend this place to everyone!
1	Refused to honor the $95 for $125 voucher Yelp Deal. I drove way out of my way for that. Should have gone somewhere closer and more honest.
5	My friend gave me their name because she had used them before. I needed my front windshield replaced. They were the cheapest out of the 4 places I called. They showed up when they said they would and the mobile service was at no extra charge. I would use them again and recommend to others.
5	My window was broken at some point last night. My coworker referred me to this place. They quoted $110 but knocked 10 bucks off the final price. They were extremely helpful over the phone. It was kind of an out of the way drive for me, but they were fast and they even vacuumed the broken glass out of my car without me even asking them to. I would definitely use them again, but I hope I wont have to. I'd rather people didn't break my windows. Lol
