5	My husband and I were married here earlier this month. The stunning full pecan trees offered the perfect setting for our private wedding ceremony. All our guests commented how serene the location was and how it helped make the wedding so unique and beautiful. Everyone who helped us here was very professional. I wanted the perfect fall setting and brought many fall-like decorations, besides the red arbor drapping they provided, and didn't give them much direction, but told them to just do what they thought would look best. They decorated the place beautifully. Their prices weren't over the top like most other locations either. They were a great help making the ceremony run as smooth as possible as well. My husband and I were very pleased!
5	Edward and Abigail, the owner of The Venue at The Grove, is very nice to work with. we host the Bamboo Bakery Fall Fashion Show and Bridal Expo 5 at this beautiful location. You wont see any similar like this in Phoenix AZ. Come to see for your self ! We delivery a lots of wedding cake to The Grove, and our Bride and Grooms are  very happy with their service ! Edward & Abigail, Nice to work with you.David PhamBamboo Bakery
4	Came here for my best friend's wedding last weekend.  This place is perfect for a small wedding ceremony. The bridal room & restrooms were very clean, the staff were very nice and organized.  They made sure everything was going smoothly. The food was also not bad. The cons are: -IPOD player in the bridal room didn't work. -comes with a bartender but you have to bring your own alcohol? This was the first wedding I've been to, so I'm not sure if that's normal...Overall, my best friend was happy with the turn out of the wedding. The setting was perfect for a Fall wedding :)
5	A great place for breakfast. Go early and sit on the patio for a wonderful experiance.The food is very good, made from scratch. the omlets are fluffy, the verde pork in the ranch eggs and phoenix omlet is superb, and of course the pecan encrusted French bread is too die for! the only thing I would change are the breakfast potatoes. They;re shredded and kind of bland. The Groves try to use local growers for the menu which I think is the way to go and I'm sure they could find a more interesting local product. Our waiter, Jon, was very personable and graciously substituted a fruit cup for the biscut.All in all, the Groves is doing just about everything right and I think it's wonderful to  finally have a local eatery that doesn't have a drive thru. Good luck, I know I'll be coming here as long as they are open.
5	Love this neighborhood restaurant.  Friendly, food is great, and when the weather permits sitting outside is very nice.  Open only on weekends for From 8-12.  Don't miss the experience.  (If you are worried about calories, don't ask how the Pecan Crushed French Toast is prepared, just eat it and enjoy!)
5	Had our wedding hear yesterday and it was absolutely perfect. The venue did a fantastic job helping us get set up to meet our tight schedule, the food was excellent, and the DJ was perfect. Our wedding coordinator was outstanding and was supper helpful.
1	So start off the grounds weren't kept up very well and it it's in downtown Phoenix.  this place wants a $1500 outside catering fee or or you can pay $26 per plate for any type of food which means that they arent good at making any specific type of food.  Charges for September and December are cheaper but are more expensive than the nice places in Scottsdale.  If you're looking for a wedding or just a reception or any event for that matter don't go here.
4	I got married here in early September. Me and my now husband live in Seattle, he is from Phoenix so we decided to get married in his home town. I was destined to find a venue that had some components of the Northwest. I researched a few other places but it meant a lot of work like picking out individual vendors. For us that would have meant several trips to Phoenix and added stress. After some thought we decided that The Venue at The Grove was a good fit.We booked an all inclusive package and I felt taken care of the moment that we signed our contract. Planning a wedding from out of town could have been really complicated but for us it wasn't. First of all I think that over a year I must have exchanged nearly 150 emails with our wedding coordinator. She was patient, helpful and thoughtful. Second, The Grove is highly selective when it comes to the vendors that they coordinate with. The Grove made sure that the vendors contacted me versus having to track them down. This was priceless in my opinion, my fiance are busy and I didn't have much interest in planning a wedding. My cake was delicious and beautiful, we were hoping that it was going to be a bit larger but it's not that big of a deal. The flowers were stunning. Our photographer was Cheryl from La Bella Vita Photography, she was amazing. Cheryl has a calm confident energy and she knows what she is doing. The DJ, Tony from Infinity Entertainment was attentive, energetic and smooth, he even stuck around when it started to rain at the end. The Grove staff is amazing, one of my favorite experiences was the tasting. We got to sit down with the owner Edward and also met the Chef.  We went into our tasting with minimal expectations. My husband and I are big city food snobs, but we were impressed with the food! It was tasty and they take the time to make food from scratch which is something that we value. The wedding day went off without a hitch, with the exception of a little rain. The ceremony was lovely and the reception was fun and entertaining. I must say thank you to Taylor, she was our coordinator and she took very good care of us. She even went to grab my other pair of shoes out of the bridal suite after the ceremony. I feel like our wedding planning experience was effortless on our part aside from making decisions like table cloth colors and sending invitations. Most of my friends and family stated that I didn't seem stressed or worried. I repeatedly said that our venue is taking care of everything so there isn't much for me to worry about. Thanks guys!!! - Gretchen and Ben
5	I highly recommend Venue at the Grove for your wedding ceremony and reception! Not only are they professional, but they are also responsive! They will work with you throughout the entire wedding planning process. The owners are an amazing couple and have hired the right people to help manage their business. Their current coordinator Taylor is absolutely amazing. She went above and beyond on our wedding day to help ensure things went smoothly. We were married on September 27th during a severe monsoon thunderstorm. Taylor, the set up crew, and even Edward (one of the owners), worked so hard to help set up our outdoor wedding (yes it was outside during a thunderstorm)--rain and all! Thank you again Venue at the Grove. We truly appreciate all of your hard work to help make our wedding day special and functional! lol
3	It was beautiful venue.  Unfortunately, the occasional plane noise was distracting and during the wedding ceremony someone started to use a power tool of sorts.  It was stopped quickly after but yikes!It was clean, welcoming and if I were getting married again I'd consider this location for an indoor wedding then maybe outside for the reception (bc of the noise).Staff was friendly and professional, Good appearance and helpful. Food, the food was amazing but I'd recommend not serving finger foods during the cocktail hour that is so greasy.  It was served on a napkin that was soaked with grease.  So, now what do I wipe my hands on?I hated the chairs at the ceremony.  They weren't very comfortable and I felt like would break.  In the cracks of the chairs you could see old dirt and mud from previous events.  Small attention to detail like that takes the venue up a notch.  I enjoyed the lights strung on the trees once it was dark.  Added a nice ambiance.  My other critiques were of decor here and there which was fine but could have been "more".  I think that was just the discretion of the bride and groom.Great place, pleasantly surprised.
5	We got married at the Venue at the Grove about a month ago, and it was absolutely perfect! The venue is gorgeous with the rows of pecan trees and tree-lit patio for outdoor receptions. Their packages are reasonably priced, and have many options to fit your need. Taylor, the Event Coordinator, was very helpful and responsive! She met with me throughout the planning process and answered my many calls and emails with questions that came up along the way. The food was amazing, and their preferred vendors are some of the best in the Valley! I would highly recommend this place!
5	Our wedding was at the Venue at the Grove in October and everything about the day was perfect. I was a little worried when we initially booked our wedding because I went through three different event coordinators before Taylor finally joined the team, but she assured me that she would be there for the wedding and would make everything run smoothly and she did just that. Which was very important because I was planning my entire wedding from New York where I live. We had a couple of decorations that needed some advanced time to figure out how and where to put them and Taylor was very accommodating to our outside vendors in providing information and being on site so they could come look at everything they needed to. All of the vendors they recommended to us were awesome (Drew Brashler Photography, Infinity Entertainment, Sugar Lips Bakery, and Wildchild Flowers) and we got so many compliments from our guests on the food from their in house catering. On top of all of that, the Venue is really breathtaking. We held our wedding on the lawn and our reception on the brick patio and with all of the greenery and bistro lights, I could not have asked for a more beautiful setting for the entire day.
