5	I've gotten the best espresso in Madison here!  Try it.
5	I am a regular at the Java Den. You might be fooled by the fact that it's in an apartment building lobby. However, the espresso is quite good. My daughter says the hot chocolate is good, but I haven't checked it myself. The staff is friendly and courteous. Recommended.If you're curious, as of this writing (May 2011) they use Kickapoo Cofeee Beans, a local roaster.
3	This is the closest coffee shop to the law school during the summer, so it's pretty much the only place I go. The coffee is pretty good, but nothing spectacular--I make better stuff in my French press at home every morning. However, the $2 iced coffees during the month of June were priced extraordinarily well. I'd like to see them use one of the Madison roasters, as their roasts are much, much better. I'll keep coming here for the convenience, and maybe, just a little bit, for the coffee.
5	This is easily my favorite place in Madison (probably because it's right next to the Chemistry building). The staff is beyond friendly (without being weird) and the coffee is "deeelish", perfect location for students/professors. I've had almost every drink on this menu at least once- and all of them are awesome. Definitely THE place to go if you need a quick cup of joe. I wish it was open later, but I can't complain - this is the best.
5	Great coffee for school days too bad it close on weekend
4	This was one of my first reviews from a few years ago. I went back in today after  about a year-long hiatus, during which time I've totally become a pretentious, knowledgeable dick about coffee.Don't be fooled by its location in an apartment building--this coffee is excellent. My advice is to be a real stickler and be VERY picky about what coffee you get--they only serve Kickapoo, which is the best roaster in the entire region (suck it, Intelligentsia!). See what they have brewing, and get the SINGLE ORIGIN coffees--not the blends. It's very good. No, it's no Bradburys (and they don't even do pourovers!), but considering the quality of the coffee and proximity to the law school? It's definitely the best near campus.$2 including tax for a small coffee. Money well spent!
4	Conveniently located across the street from my office, this is the best place on campus to grab a quick coffee! They serve Kickapoo coffee, which is phenomenal. They have all your typical coffee shop offerings in terms of lattes and such. Not a huge food selection...their breakfast food offerings could be better (hence the 4 stars rather than 5).
1	I used to like this place, until they hired this rude female barista with short hair, so I stopped going.  If she has left, I will go back.This place should do a better job of hiring polite and helpful baristas.
3	Its location is phenomenal. Off the beaten path and in the midst of campus buildings. When you need coffee, they are there for you.  Considering your other options are university cafes, this place is a breath of fresh air. The coffee is ok. The prices are a little high, but I suppose you pay for convenience.  They do not stand out in any way.  All they serve is coffee and bottled beverages.  The pastries are a little light on the selection.  However, I once again reiterate, the location can not be beat.
3	The Java Den is located inside a building lobby - which I found a little odd. I was expecting it to be a free standing cafe with its own facilities. They do have a cute little 'Joe-to-Go' window that allows customers to order their coffee without stepping foot inside the building, which is nice.I always get my chai lattes dirty (because cleanliness is overrated), and I think Java Den makes a good dirty chai. It even has a slight caramel tone at the end. Yum! Definitely glad I stopped by for the pick-me-up before work! TGIF!
