4	Hatches, Matches and Dispatches is very much in fitting with the elite of Bruntsfield's finest stores. A showcase to stationery designer Jeffrey Gardner, it would be my first stop for personalised invitations if I had a wedding or Christening to plan.It is very much aimed at this market, with gorgeous, pretty and tasteful cards and notebooks to be found across the store. It also doubles up as a stockist of Steiff bears, which are the creme de la creme of teddies amongst collectors. This range, teamed with with dainty, ornate stationary, gives the shop an air of innocence, like the days of Winnie the Pooh and friends. It's got that twee vibe, but in a good way. Classic would be the best way to describe it.Although I would say this shop's forte is suppling specialised stationery for momentous occasions, it's worth a look if you're just browsing for an elegant gift.
4	Hatches, Matches and Dispatches is one of the best little shops in Bruntsfield, with its unique stock and quaint shop. They sell handmade stationary and gorgeous gifts which are different from those which you would normally come across. This store stocks the stationary designs of Jeffrey Gardner, which includes beautiful writing paper and personalised notes. My favourite aspect of Hatches, Matches and Dispatches is the lovely Steiff Bear Collection which they have available. With the little yellow tags which the bears have in their ears, it is easy to recognise a Steiff bear, and although they are a rather pricey, they are absolutely gorgeous and this store sells a huge range of different bear designs including Winnie the Pooh, Rupert the Bear and Panda's. My dad bought me a Steiff bear from Hatches, Matches and Dispatches a few years which is gorgeous and currently sits on my desk! Hatches, Matches and Dispatches is the perfect little shop to pop into to buy cards, stationary or gifts for someone which are of excellent quality.  They frequently have sales of their stock which is a great chance to grab a bargain gift.
4	Ah, another 'gift' shop. My favourite. A shop that sells things you don't need or want. Well, actually, this place is a bit different. I live near enough opposite here so I thought it was about time to go in for a look. And it's really quite nice in here. The stuff is tasteful, it's not too busy and it just has a feel of quality about it. I mean they sell Steiff Bears. Steiff Bears! The Rolls Royce of bears. And, as Marj says, it's a place to showcase Jeffrey Gardner's stationary, and fine stationary it is too.Because a lot of the stuff you can get is bespoke it is on the expensive side. But if you've a big occasion coming up, or you're just really generous, it's absolutely worth a look.
