4	Sorry kids rice and water for you tonight, but Fido gets a Five Star Entree.  Seriously this place carries 5 Star Entrees for dogs at unreasonable prices.  I won't hate though, some people are really into their pets.  The Urban Pet is a quaint shop filled with toys, clothes, food, shelters, and grooming for animals.  It's not at all like Petsmart, it is much more bourgeoisie.  A woman and her husband stepped inside and the lady said that she needed snow boots for her purse dog.  Her husband just rolled his eyes.  "My son calls that dog a skunk rat," he told me.  They didn't leave with the boots, they weren't 'her color.' Ha!  Have no fear men, there is a little waiting area with magazines, couch chairs, and a television.  Believe me, they know the deal.  I really liked the toys here, they had some funky chicken toys.  My favorite was the pirate chicken, beer in hand.  The storeowner is really knowledgeable and it is a dog lovers dream.
2	From the store's name, I was expecting a nicer, upscale pet store filled with all sorts of pet goodies. But once inside, I was disappointed at the feel of the place & how little this place had in it.I know it's a pet friendly place, so I can't hark too much on the smell & marks left on the carpet from doggie messes. But it seems like flooring that doesn't soak up every liquid that touches it would be appropriate in a pet friendly place. Anyways, the store really didn't feel that inviting to me, there were different sections/stands of items throughout this small store, & things really seemed just scattered around randomly.And the selection they do have really wasn't all that impressive. They have everything from treats & toys, to leashes & clothing, but not a big selection in any of these areas. I was also expecting more unique items considering this is a specialty store, but they have anything you could find in your local Petsmart.Urban Pet has a good idea, but just needs a better, more unique selection of items that you don't readily find in your large pet stores. Nothing really jumped out at me about this place & as a dog lover, I didn't see anything here that I was really intrigued by.
4	I wish I could afford to treat my dog to these kinds of treats, but until she gets a job of her own, she's just going to have to be satisfied with the Food Lion Brand dog food she gets. She seems to love that stuff...It's fun to go in and browse the shelves, though, and see what kinds of stuff they are trying to get us to buy. My little girl gets a pull toy now and then from Urban Pet, but it hurts my heart that she destroys it so quickly. Bad dog. It does smell a little funky...but it's part of the game, I guess, when you're going in a pet-friendly pet store. It kind of smells funny at my house, too.
4	I love my dog, Riley. I really do. And because I love my dog I tend to spoil him on occasion. Treats, toys, walks, food, etc. So, when I finally got a chance to take a stroll through Urban Pet, I knew Riley was going to get the bigger end of the stick (compared to my wallet). Although I didn't see any dogs in the store when I strolled in on a Saturday afternoon, I hear the shop is pup friendly. How nice for all of you with canine friendly canines! While the shop isn't very large, they do offer plenty of incredibly healthy pet foods, treats, carriers, toys and the like. Riley's been eating Blue Buffalo for the past few months and needed a refill so I was privy to plenty of great pet brands like Blue Buffalo, Canidae, Barbara's (from Canine Cafe), etc. On occasion I wonder if my dog is eating better than me...he probably is. Nevertheless, the owner of the shop was quite helpful and even offered a small sample bag of an alternate food for our pup to try. He seemed incredibly well versed in holistic dog food as I overheard him sharing his knowledge with another couple looking for specific doggie eats. If you're unsure what to feed your pet or you need something to manage his/her health, weight, etc., Urban Pet will probably have some great advice. My only gripes about Urban Pet? Because it's a smaller spot, inventory can be limited so don't expect them to have everything you need at all times. Also, it seems to be a bit pricier than large Pet Stores, but frankly, I'd much rather spend an additional $3 per bag here at a local locale than make the trip down South Blvd. Regardless, if you're looking for a local shop with great service and healthy products, check out Urban Pet!
5	I'm one of those weird people who thinks my little man (a precocious Shih Tzu) deserves the best of the best of the best, sir. If you are anything like me, you will LOVE Urban Pet. If you want to give your dog the best, this is it. Everything is all natural and not full of the garbage in a lot of the other dog foods out there. The owner is great, too, in helping you find whatever you're looking for and can always offer great suggestions if you're not sure which way to go. Some of the other reviews are correct that the prices can be a bit more than you'd pay at, say, PetSmart, but you're getting a lot higher quality and also have the satisfaction of supporting a local business! If you have a picky eater, I definitely recommend Sojo's, a freeze dried, whole food option that will go over well with any pup. It also helps with any allergies your pup battles as well. Urban Pet is a great place if you want to give your dog the best food and treats out there!
4	I try to shop Urban Pet first when looking for something since I like the owner and his shop.   He is really helpful and friendly and carries some nice products.   Good selection of foods and toys and treats.  The store is not heavily stocked, but I go there often and find lots of products I like.
4	In the search for puppy products, I made my way to this local shop. It's in the "has everything" Park Road Shopping Center. The owner and spouse are really friendly. Once we told them which kind of puppy we were going to get and the approximate age, we got tips on what we would need, how to train, and enthusiasm...which made us feel good! Depending on what you want, they may have a limited selection. Having said that, the owner is more than happy to order something for you as long as you don't need it immediately. While we couldn't get a crate here due to not being in inventory, I did spy a great bike basket to put my pup in as we cruise the neighborhood. Also, there are natural and organic food options, such as Blue Buffalo (which was recommended for my type of breed).Friendly and helpful experience...and once we get our puppy settled in we're happy to support this local store.
2	I have two dogs and have high expectations.  High allergy, older pet and a young rescue.  The name to me suggested hip, new, cool dog products.  It was not that impressive.  Some great name brands but nothing that really stood out.  I won't be going back for high quality or fun quirky products.  The person working there was great though and the reason for my stars.  He seemed honest and was very helpful.
3	Really - don't take 3 stars as a "bad" thing... it IS a nice place. Cozy and all...neat products. Just that it does not offer enough products to choose from. I'm not looking for "Wal-mart" style, of course not. Just more in variety - not so limited, all I'm saying. Defy will return. ;)
1	I first shopped at Urban Pet when they first opened. The female clerk  was very rude to my children and ignored me, so I left. I tried it again a few years later and again no one ever acknowledged my presence, so I left.  I expected better customer service from a small boutique type specialty store with over priced merchandise.  Then recently, I decided to try it again after getting a coupon in my neighborhood flyer. The clerk, a man this time, was nice and I had a good experience buying $40. worth of dog toys and treats I really didn't need. When I got home, I noticed he did not use the coupon I gave him for a free toy. When I went back less than a week later WITH MY RECEIPT, he treated me like a common criminal. He did not seem to believe me at all and assumed I was trying to rip him off! I stood my ground until he reluctantly gave me my money back, but he was rude. This is definitely the last time I will ever shop there, and plan to tell everyone I know. I have shopped regularly at the shopping center for 30 years, but will avoid Urban Pet from now on.
5	Friendly atmosphere and great location - and I absolutely love that that every corner of the store isn't jammed with merchandise. Very comfortable with some unique pet items.
