4	I've been going to this place for pedicures and the occassional manicure or acrylics for over a year now, mainly because it's conveniently located for me.  They always do a good job, prices are very reasonable, and Pita Jungle and JUJU are right next door!  I actually like getting mani's and pedi's without having someone talk my ear off, so this place is perfect.  Over the past couple months they went through a renovation and have a new manager/owner - so things have looked up.
1	THE. WORST. MANI/PEDI    E -V -E -R .  Paid $55 for mani/pedi with french.  Every single nail bubbled after i got home.  This was because the layers, esp. the top coat, was GOBBED on, totally slimed.  Big Gooby, mess.  when it finally dried, it was a disaster.  I would have gone back for a re-do, but guess what?  I was on my way to the airport.  Had to get a re-do (and re-pay) out of town cuz it was so awful.Of course, I go back in today, 2 wks later, discuss the situation with manger/employee/owner (she changes her title to suit the situation).  I said just a re-do, no charge, she said pedicure too?  Of course i said yes.  WELL guess what?  at the end, she wanted to charge me IN FULL same amount as last time.  I said calmly, i knew this was going to happen, it was your fault, bad job, got re-done elsewhere, she said i should have come back next day, i said i already told u on entering the problem, we had an agreement, no serivces were rendeered last time & i paid in full, this time: i will walk out now.  My husband said we will pay a discounted price, i said no such thing.  Hubby ended up paying for a reg. mani/pedi, only minus the french ($10 ooooo big deal).This ordeal ended up costing $130 - for a mani pedi which normally is $30-33 anywhere else!!! 3x's normal. Can't say you weren't warned!! With all the hundreds of choices out there, no way i'll be back.  No idea why anyone else would pick it either!
4	they do a good job, but they are very pricey.  i go here because it's close to my house. friendly staff and impeccably sanitary. gel manicure lasts 2-3 weeks, pedicure about a week and a half.
5	Great service and very quick. Kelly is awesome with acrylic nails!!! Very clean and friendly location. Been coming here for years! I would definitely recommend it to friends or family!!
