5	I had the opportunity to visit before the opening, which is today, Monday Dec. 7th.  The pre-opening party was great, service was attentive but not over-bearing.  They were serving different pastas, I missed out on the other selections because we were a tad late.  A great excuse to go again soon.  Housed in the former Fine's Cellar location and put together by the group that brings the Valley great pizza, Humble Pie, this place will definitely be a fixture in Old Town Scottsdale.  I had a chance to meet Rich and Julie and there was live music for the intimate gathering of friends and family.I will return here soon for their happy hour, 4 - 6 pm, $5 glasses of wine!  Maybe even put together a tweet-up?
5	My friend Dhargya called last Friday evening, he was tired and hungry from his work at the Hotel Valley Ho.  We walked in and were immediately taken care of as we bellied up to the wine bar.  he was in the mood for a burger and it didn't disappoint at all.  He ranked it up there nearby Delux burgers.I had a chance to see the Happy Hour menu and it is the best in Scottsdale!Draft Beer - $3 , Well Drinks - $3, Wine by the Glass - $5 There are a number of Food selections for $3 and Bruschetta!I am looking forward to tasting everything soon.
4	After seeing John H's "FTR," Anthony V brought me a copy of the 5th and Wine menu, and it was then that I knew, I had to make my way over to check this place out. So this past Friday, I met my friend Laura for lunch, and I was extremely pleased.  Service was friendly and attentive and the food was fresh, delicious, and priced just right!I went with the veggie salad.  Avocado, white beans, green beans, grape tomatoes, jicama, mozzarella, and just the right amount of herb vinaigrette.  I debated adding grilled shrimp, but i opted for a cup of butternut squash soup instead.  The soup was warm, but I would've preferred for it to be served a tad bit warmer.  It was tasty though and a nice accompaniment to the salad.  Laura went with the grilled cheese panini and french fries.  She seemed to enjoy it also.I cannot wait to go back to try the bruschetta - they've got some creative selections including "apples, brie, fig jam, honey and agave drizzle" and "prosciutto, figs, mascarpone cheese, and tomato jam."  YOu can choose 2 for $3.95, 4 for $6.95, 6 for $9.95 or 8 for $12.95.  Not bad and probably perfect for sharing!  I also noticed that 5th and Wine serves $5 wines by the glass daily until 6pm... you can't go wrong with that!
4	Good food, good drink selection, great prices, friendly staff!Driving by and decided to pull over and check out their menu.... I knew they had only been open for the last couple weeks and I seized the opportunity to take a peek at the new place. Their menu looked great! Since it was midday, wine was $5 by the glass and they had an assortment of salads, paninis and sides. So I grabbed my friends from a nearby dress shop, Lillian Lottie Couture, and we all went in for a late lunch and some wine.We were promptly greeted by the staff and sat to a table in the dining room. The inside has been made anew and not much remains of the Fine's Cellar days (oh how i loved Fine's wines and Chef Cullen's sweet potato fries w/aoili). It is now mostly dining room with some living room type seating and couches for lounging and drinking wine. Its a bit cozier feeling now with high-back red and black leather chairs and local art for sale hanging on the walls. As we were in between lunch and dinner, we were just about the only people in the place, so we had full attention of our server. In fact, my only critique of her is that when any of us asked about a wine, she only said that it was good... Maybe a little bit more descriptive skills would be nice. Is it a big wine? Spicy? Jammy? Full-bodied? You get my drift...For food, we started with bruschetta, they were all so tasty! Red pepper & goat cheese, Apple & brie and the Hummous ... The first two are quite similar to those at Postino. The hummous was something different and so good! Its not always easy to make a decent hummous, but they have succeeded!  For sandwiches we had the prosciutto and fig, chicken salad, and tuna ... All delicious, yet again! The others raved about the squash soup and my mixed green salad was very fresh and refreshing with a light vinaigrette. We also had a side of the crispy fries... These are reminiscent of Gordon Biersch fries. Crispy with parmesan, parsley and a garlic aioli for perfect compliment.  For dessert they ordered the brownie and though I didn't share in this one, they raved about the warm, gooey brownie with chocolate chunks and vanilla bean ice cream. The food wasn't crazy original, but it was all very good. Stick with what you know, right?Our wines ranged from Reisling to Syrah to Zinfandel to Malbec. The Lot 50 Zin and Italian Blend (Mari Mossi?) were my faves. $5 a glass, can't go wrong.  =)I look forward to going back for happy hour. They have some $3 appetizers, a smokin deal on bruschetta, $3 draft beer & well drinks, and wines are $5 by the glass every day til 6pm! I want to try their cheeses, olives and more of those tasty bruschettas!
5	Awesome place to grab a glass wine with friends!Who can pass up a great $5 wine by the glass deal?  Plus the wine list is amazing.  I wanted to try everything.  I noticed this new catch a couple weeks ago but finally stopped for lunch.  It was so hard to decide what to eat for lunch.  The food selection is amazing.  I finally decided on the Prosciutto and Brie with a cup of Butternut Squash soup.  I love all the different types of bruchetta they have to offer.  The staff was very helpful with the wine selections.  I have found my new wine place and I can't wait to go back to try more of their delicious food!
5	$5 glasses of wine from the WHOLE menu, ALL day till 6?!  r u kidding me??  Ya, baby!  Bring it on!  I am so coming back to try the happy hour, so yes, they have even better deals, can you believe it?I am really starting to think Gabby & I are leaving each other scent trails that we are picking up on each other within days of stepping into joints - or is it just me?  I had just seen her hosting the kids booth at the Old Town Farmer's Market, and afterwards was driving around on this beautiful Saturday Afternoon, (drop-top-down), and spied this cute place.  Service was immediate, courteous & attentive.  Our waiter went out of his way to serve us.  Scott, the manager, even came over to make introductions, introduce himself and chat us up.  Service with a smile, all around!
5	Fan-freakin-tastic. Ok. I know I need to give you more than that, but let's just start with Fan-Freakin-Tastic. Went last night with the hubby who will likely write his own review so you get the male perspective, but this place is just excellent...reasonably priced...with delicous food....and a BITCH of a grenache that is outta this world!The restaurant is nicely lit, not overly bright, but not so dark you can't see what you are doing. And there is patio seating in back complete with heat lamps so we enjoyed our dinner al fresco! Love this!John was our server and he was knowledgeable, friendly, polite, and made sure our drinks stayed full and our food was brought out at the right temperature. This might seem mundane, but that is truly an art in and of itself. We started off our meal with the antipasto plate and olives. The grape tomatoes are marinated in balsamic and something else and they were heavenly. The meats and cheeses paired so nicely together that I almost wish we had ordered two platters and made it dinner! The goat cheese was so creamy that it melted literally in my mouth. Absolutely divine. The olives were a nice variety though  I can't tell you what kind they were. There were a couple of spicier ones which added a pleasant kick. Hubby and I shared the strawberry and gorgonzola salad. This is super yummy. The strawberries and gorgonzola paired nicely together with the toasted pecans and the mixed greens. It was perfectly dressed with a lovely viniagrette that just kissed the leaves of the salad. Hubby ordered the 5th and Wine burger for dinner as he adores a really good burger. The burger comes with a side of garlic aioli and crispy french fries. These fries were well seasoned and were in fact crispy--shocking, I know! The burger....well let's just say I'm lucky to have been allowed a minor bite of it because hubby LOVED IT. it was deliciously seasoned and didn't even need the aioli. Hubs likes his meat cooked well done and this burger was perfectly so while still juicy! I ordred the Chicken Pesto Pasta. In my opinion, soup and pasta are the best ways to judge whether a kitchen is any good because those are two very basic things that get very messed up if a kitchen has no skill. 5th and Wine definitely knows their stuff. This dish comes with just the right amount of bow-tie pasta delicated dressed in a pesto creamy sauce with grilled chicken breast throughout. So much chicken that I had a piece in nearly every bite of my dish and that's saying something. The chicken was perfectly done--not dried out like so many other places do where they hope the sauce will save it. No. This chicken was beautifully seasoned and was cut into chunks so that it matched the size of the bow-ties. I usually try to leave a little behind but I ate every single last bite. And as I sat there, I contemplated whether or not I needed bread to sop up the last bits of goodness left in the bowl and realized I didn't even miss a piece of bread to go with my pasta. These chefs at 5th and Wine...they've got it down.On to dessert. Since 5th and Wine is still new, they are still working on their dessert menu. Their only offerings were cheesecake and a brownie. I wanted to try both but hubby was too stuffed so we opted to share the brownie. The brownie came out and looked like a brownie...not a piece of brownie colored cake like you get at so many other places. This was warm and topped with a delicious chocolate sauce, raspberries and vanilla ice cream. The perfect ending to a really great meal.The drinks were fab. Hubby had a rum and coke and then switched to the Bitch grenache with me. I had a merlot to start which was subtle and not overly oaky. The grenache however stole the show. It had a velvety aftertaste that leaves me wanting to go back again real soon to enjoy some more! This little place has got it going on and you get Phoenix price with a Scottsdale atmosphere. I'm looking forward to my next visit with the girlfriends!
5	Perfection.From the friendly staff, to the precision from the kitchen, this was an EASY five star review.  5th & Wine, WELCOME to Scottsdale and please keep up the great work.  Between the incredible cheese, the fantastic wine, and the rockin food, how does it get any better??OH YEAH, DESERT!  Which totally rocked by the way. Indoor/Outdoor seating. Good for an elegant evening on the town.  It was so fun, we are going to try them for lunch sometime soon.  FYI: The Grenache is excellent.  Make it a point to visit 5th & Wine.  Prices were incredibly reasonable given the quality, the portion size, and the ambiance.ENJOY!
4	5th and Wine is becoming quite the Old Town hot spot. Just 6 weeks since its doors opened, it seems to be quite popular for dinner and drinks alike. There was quite the crowd Saturday night, which made it loud, but it had a very fun atmosphere and is definitely a good place to go for wine with friends. Everyone I saw seemed to be having fun. The space is huge, having two dining areas and a bar. If you have a big group, no problem, they can definitely accommodate larger parties. The decor is really fun and classy - red or brown leather chairs at all the tables, lovely classic furniture (couches, arm chairs) in the sitting areas, polished wood rafters, great art on the walls, and a very cool bar area showing off their collection of wines. The service was very attentive and friendly. We actually had two people serving us, and received wonderful recommendations and information on the food and wine. Our host/server introduced us to both the sommelier and the chef, and they were a pleasure.  I thought the wine list was great, and has a nice range of wines and prices for both glasses and bottles. All the wines are $5 a glass until 6pm, which makes it an outstanding choice for lunch and happy hour. We decided on a smooth tempranillo and were very pleased with the selection. I found the food a bit hit or miss. We sampled the mixed olives (I love olives), which were really good, and had the cheese platter with goat cheese, white cheddar, and grana padano, served with pistachios, dried fig, and toasted bread. The cheeses were excellent and I could have eaten that all night. We tried four bruschetta, and the only one I really enjoyed was the mozzarella burrata with basil and grape tomatoes. You really cannot go wrong with burrata  - so good! I had issues with the other three: the hummus was tasty, but a little drippy and unexpectedly spicy; the red/yellow peppers were bland and the goat-cheese was overpowered with garlic; finally the prosciutto, fig, & mascarpone, normally my favorite, was disappointing. Maybe I was unimpressed by the bruschetta because I went to Postino earlier this week, but I do believe they could jazz up the ingredients a bit. We also had the pesto pasta which was non-traditional and creamy, but tasty. 5th and Wine is really a concept in progress. They are trying to sell themselves as a trendy place for 'comfort food.' I think they are currently in the midst of an identity crisis, and just really need to commit. It is hard to be both a neighborhood diner AND a wine bar. If you are going for comfort food, where is the macaroni & cheese, or the meatloaf, or the chicken noodle soup?  If you want to be an accessible, yet trendy wine bar, then maybe stick to lighter dinner fare? I am confident they will figure it out as more customers let they know what they like. I think they have a casual loungy wine bar vibe  that definitely suits the decor and most of the menu (as opposed to a more upscale and elitist feel at wine bars like Kazimierz). I will definitely be back to have more wine and see what direction they decided to go with the menu. Get some friends together for happy hour and check out 5th and Wine!
5	Well since this place has a track record of fabulous yelp reviews we couldn't wait to try it... and sure enough we are on board with the raves!We came here on a double date -  and starving I may add...we sat down right away but apparently there was a miscommunication and the waitress didn't come to our table for a while until we flagged someone down... when she finally arrived at our table she was so apologetic and wonderful - they let you sample wines before you commit to a bottle (the sample pours are very generous too) and we proceeded with the ordering - across the table we tried the wings, bruschetta, the burger, salads, peninis  - it was all delicious!!BUT they never forgot their little mishap at the beginning (which we didn't even care about) and the manager came over and offered us free tequila shots to compensate us AND free desserts!! two of them actually... that they wrapped up for each couple to take home... we got the brownie and it comes with ice cream on top - in our case a huge cup of ice cream that would be a "medium cup" in an ice cream store (not talking just a scoop here) and the brownie is the BEST BIGGEST BITICHIN' THING of a brownie I have EVER tasted!!!5 stars??!!! um don't mind if I do 5th & Wine, don't mind if I do...
3	12/17/09Saw that John Hill was holding a happy hour UYE and thought I'd check it out.  Haven't been back here since my first and only visit of what used to be Fine's Cellar.  I like what the new owners did with the place.  Unpretentious space.  I liked most of the dog art- I still can't appreciate dogs dressed in suits and playing poker, I'm sorry, but the psychedelic-prints are very handsome... I have one of a kitten at home, myself!HH apps menu is very reasonable here.  So reasonable, I spent about $50, with tip, on 3 glasses of wine ($5 each), 12 pcs. of bruschetta, fries ($3, I think), and chicken wings ($3 for 12)!  I'd skip on the ordinary chicken wings (which came w/ jicama slices and ranch dressing) next time, but the parmesan fries are d'lish!  I must warn you that if you lack even an ounce of willpower, DO NOT order the bruschetta!  Especially not the Apples and brie, nor the Fig and mascarpone.  Oh. My. God!
4	I really enjoyed this place. My friend and I went for happy hour and I was very impressed that all of their wines were $5, and the bruschetta was so cheap! We ordered 4 of them for $3.95! They weren't small either, it was the perfect size for 2 people. We ordered the red pepper, salmon, prosciutto, and apple. All but the salmon were so tasty. We also tried a few cheeses and the cheddar and goat cheese were also incredible. Everyone that worked here was extremely friendly, especially our waitress. The only thing I noticed was that the crowd was significantly older than me (on a Tuesday night).
5	I really liked this wine bar/ restaurant!  Why?  I'll tell you & keep it simple.The pros:-great service.  friendly staff.  knowledgeable about their wines and food.  attentive but not overly so.-great food.  i had the bruschetta and the egg sandwich.  everything was really great.-great wine.  i've had a lot of really great wine in my life.  they have a pretty good menu at good prices.-the bill.  the prices are really reasonable.  so you can go out, order some food and have some wine without breaking the bank.The cons:i just can't think of any.  :)
4	This was my first visit.  Very large, many places to sit and a fabulously huge patio, that is quiet and doesn't face a parking lot....that is hard to find in Scottsdale!   Lot's of RED chairs, but they are comfy.  Sat at the bar  which was cozy and comfy, ordered some bruchetta, which was unique and tasty....the bartender seemed a little preoccupied with her 'texts' , not so keen on that.   Nice place for a date or a group.  I will certainly go back and explore more of the menu and wine selections!
5	Went back on Friday night with my 5 best friends and we had a blast! The food was just as terrific and the wine was flowing perfectly. Service was friendly and unintrusive. And we got to try the Beef Bourginon. O. M. G. Talk about melt in your mouth goodness! It was amazing. The turkey panini was wonderful and the side of butternut squash soup was velvety and served piping hot. Just the way we like it!I had the chicken pesto pasta again. I know I know...I should try something new, but man is it ever good.Two friends had the strawberry and gorgonzola salad while one added grilled chicken to it.  Loved it!We tried the calamari and it was breaded and fried perfectly. I hate when calamari is chewy and over-done and this was fried perfectly. We also had the antipasto plate as well. The tomatoes...oh goodness I do love those tomatoes.And we shared both the brownie and the cheesecake. The cheesecake is a tall slice of melt-in-your-mouth piece of heaven.  The brownie should have been served warm like it was last time but that's ok. It was still amazing. Great job to Scott and Scott--the managers. You are doing amazing work!
5	I'd heard great things about this place so my husband and I finally gave it a try this weekend. Atmosphere was cool and fun with live music on the patio. I was pleasantly surprised by the affordability of this place -wines from $5 to $10 and bruschetta prices that were incredible. Plus, the food was great! We tried 6 of the bruschetta combinations - favorites were the apple/brie, prosciutto, and tomato/mozzarella. We can't wait to go back and try more.
5	Old Town has a new kid on the block.  I've been to 5th and Wine twice now and I must confess I love this place.  Happy hour specials are fantastic -- $5 wines and $1 bruschetta (per piece), among other fantastic appetizer deals.  Speaking as a Postino loyalist, this place will give it a run for its money.  Postino doesn't include food in its happy hour menu, and Postino's happy hour ends much earlier (5:00 I think).The first thing I noticed is how the owners know what they are doing.  As a new place, it's important to generate positive buzz with quality food/drink, great service, and pleasant atmosphere.  On both visits my servers went above and beyond the call of duty.Great wine selection, too -- and some wines by the glass are $5 regularly.
5	Very promising establishment as a wine bar replacing a former wine bar in the same location. Everything is very reasonably priced and the atmosphere is hip.  The patio is great for lunch, I stop in after visiting another great establishment, Bicycle Haus just a few places down the street.
4	This was a pretty good place. Good food, good service and a good atmosphere. I had the Butternut Squash Soup, which was awesome, and the 5th and Wine Burger, which was also awesome. My wife had the Pomadora Pasta with a Caesar salad. Her meal was great as well. My only complaint was that the Caesar salad had celery in it which was just too odd for a Caesar salad. Other than that, the place was great. I would definitely come here again.
4	This place is great! Went there for lunch a few weeks ago and I'm heading back for dinner next weekend. The decor is really stylish and they even have a lounge area with sofas where you can sit and have your lunch/dinner...very cool concept. The panini was delish and the service was very friendly. I can't wait to go back!
5	I'm bumping up to five stars for 5th and Wine...Since my initial review, I've been back at least five times and I have yet to have a bad meal... I am addicted to the vegetable salad and the butternut squash soup, but I finally branched out and tried the bruschetta last night - PHENOMENAL!I highly recommend both the ones I tried: the apples, brie, fig jam, honey and agave drizzle, and the prosciutto, figs, mascarpone cheese, and tomato jam.To top off the attentive, friendly service, 5th and Wine now has live music in the courtyard on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays!
5	I am giving 5 stars!  great food and service and all for a great price!  I came to their opening/Christmas party and got to taste a lot of their food then which was amazing.  I have since been for lunch and dinner a few times and have never been disappointed.  Their soups are always amazing and love their bruschetta.  They also have a very similar happy hour as postino's $5 glasses of wine till 5pm and there is plenty of space along with a nice patio for when the weather gets nice.  You should come and check it out... support our local restaurants in Arizona:)
4	Fifth & Wine is a nice wine bar in Old Town. The staff was great, very helpful. In fact, they sat down with us repeatedly throughout our visit to check on us, tell us a little bit about the place and the menu. The bruschetta is delicious, inventive and reasonably priced. They only have one Sauvignon Blanc, but the one they have is pretty good. Lots of cozy couch seating in addition to the bar and table set-ups. Great happy hour. Check it.
3	We visited the prior establishment a few times and always had a great experience, so when a friend's birthday was to be held at 5th & Wine, I was excited to try it out since changing owners.  As always, the service was great and I love the decor (which had not changed really that I noticed).  Their wine and liquor selection is very good as always.  I was disappointed in their food though.  Although it was a large group of us and they did a great job getting the food out to everyone - I found it to be very simple and something I could cook at home myself.  I have no desire to pay $30 for a plate I can cook at home.  Their appetizers were great and we will def be back to enjoy a few cocktails, glass of wine and appetizers, but I'm not sure if I will give dinner another chance.
4	I managed to find myself here the past two nights for happy hour and client meetings, and both times I had both excellent service, food and cocktails! I love the chalkboard of events on the wall, the funky dog artwork and the feeling of the most cozy living room seating (should you choose it over dining tables).Try the Bloody Mary Martini, which uses jalapeno infused vodka and the Brie and Prosciutto Panini with Arugula, both fantastic. Monday and Tuesday evenings, weren't packed. I had parking right out front (nothing short of a miracle in Old Town) and although the Bruschetta still doesn't top my love for Postinos, it's still great!In addition to the great food and service, I really think the atmosphere of this place is what does it for me!!! I will be back again and this very well may be my new 'go-to' place!
5	Seriously?! This place is great! I love that they offer $5 wine all day. I've only gone for happy hour (which ends at 6pm - should be 7pm) and love the different Bruschetta that they offer. I've peaked at the actual menu and the prices are very affordable and sound very yummy. I definitely plan to keep coming back!
5	I found 5th and Wine while attending this month's Yelp event, Yelp in Bloom.  That was March 3rd and so far I've been back three times.  The happy hour is great - almost any variety of wine on the menu is $5 per glass (HH is from 3 pm to 6 pm).  The food is delicious.  For appetizers, you can pick an assorment of bruschetta - this seems to be the popular choice.  If you're choosing this, definitely go with the tomato mozzerella as well as the smoked salmon.  The steak and horseradish sauce is very flavorful too but there's just not enough of it to cover the bread.  If you want round out the bruschetta with something light go for the Chopped Salad with turkey, pepperoni and a tasty herb vinaigrette. My friend and I shared this and loved it! On my third occasion I met the owner (also the owner of Humble Pie).  Given the great service on my previous two visits, I wasn't surprised by the warm hospitality he showed my friend and me.  He shared his philosophy for this place - creating no frill, comfort food that is affordable - perfect for the area and the times. 5th and Wine is a great location situated on the corner of 5th Ave and Marshall in Old Town.  It's a great spot if you're looking for a low key conversation with a friend, good food and wine. (I didn't mention this earlier, but you can sample any selection of wine before ordering.) For what it is, I think it's doing a fantastic job!
2	Firstly, that is not bruscetta, it is bread with toppings. Bruschetta is TOASTED bread. The toppings were OK, but sloppy and cold.  OUr entrees were way overpriced for being the same quality as diner food in Chicago.  The meats were overcooked and way over salted.  Also, for being a wine bar, the wine list is also just OK.  The location is great and the service was great, but this is nothing special.
5	After reading the good reviews on Yelp, my friend and I decided to meet at 5th and Wine for happy hour yesterday. What a nice experience! Friendly service, fun decor, good food and wine... What more do you need? It is a sizable restaurant with tables, cozy chairs, bar seating, and outdoor seating. We sat outside to enjoy the great weather. We took advantage of their $5/glass happy hour special. Pretty much every wine on the list is only $5 a glass! Upon our waiter's recommendation, I had a nice glass of Ch. Ste Michelle "Indian Wells" Cabernet Sauvignon. The bruschetta ($2 off) were a lot like Postino's decadent bruschetta, a close rival, but I would say Postino's has a very slight edge. We got the following combos and all were delicious! I don't think I could pick a favorite, but I am a sucker for the Prosciutto-Fig combo. *Tomato, Mozzarella, Basil, Balsamic Reduction (excellent, fresh tomatoes!)*Apples, Brie, Fig Jam, Honey and Agave Drizzle*Roasted Peppers, Goat Cheese, Garlic, Tomato Jam*Prosciutto, Mascarpone Cheese , Figs, Tomato JamWe shared a large Strawberry Gorgonzola salad for dinner... pretty standard as far as that style of salads go, but good. All the proportions of add ins were good (plenty of strawberries, pecans, gorgonzola). I'll definitely be going back soon! There are several menu items I want to try (especially the 5th and Wine Burger).
5	Went to have lunch on Saturday with a few friends.  We had a nice table on the patio, the food was amazing, lovely wine and the service was exceptional!  Will be back very soon!
4	I've had the last week off before starting my new job. In that time of leisure, I just knew that my bucket list would include a leisurely lunch at some cute place with a patio. Having already eaten at many of the typical spots (e.g., Postino, Chelsea's Kitchen, the Vig, etc.), I poked around on Yelp and decided that 5th and Wine would be a nice change. I was definitely not disappointed. Based on Gabi's review, I tried the Vegetable Salad. I loved the selection of crispy veggies, and the dressing was awesome. I could have gone with a darker, leafier lettuce, though. I also really enjoyed the bruschetta, although I thought the toppings were better than the bread, which was a little soft for my taste and not quite on par with Postino, which really just gets how bruschetta should be. The standouts of my meal were really two things besides my main course: 1. the service, which was attentive and professional, but not annoying; and 2. the already-famous Bloody Mary martini, with jalapeno vodka and fresh mozzarella garnish. Since I live much closer to places like Cheuvront and Postino, I highly doubt I'll drive all the way to Old Town just to go to 5th and Wine, but I would definitely drop by again if I were shopping at Fashion Square. Oddly enough, the night after this, I ended up at HH at The Living Room, which is apparently owned by the same folks that own 5th and Wine. In some ways, I was disappointed since their menu is the same, but I think it's a testament to how solid their places are that I still really enjoyed my HH there. Anyway, separate review on that to come :)
4	My friend Emily is in town and was looking to go to good wine place with good food. Well I said, let's try 5th and Wine since I have heard great things about this place and I have been dying to come. Sold!!! We arrived and were seated immediately. The decor is really nice in this place. Laid back couches, red and black chairs, huge patio. I mean it looks and feels really swank. Love it! Our waiter John came over immediately to introduce himself and to let us know that he would be taking care of us that evening and that he did. We started off by ordering some wine. Emily had the Petite Syrah I believe and I ordered the Red Knot (one of my favs). Both were excellent (we each ended up having two glasses so you know they were good) We then ordered the prosciutto, mascarpone cheese , figs and tomato jam bruschetta and the peppercorn-crusted steak, with creamy horseradish bruschetta. OMG the prosciutto one was definitely the favorite of the night. Not to take anything away from the peppercorn - crusted steak bruschetta because it was delicious as well, but something about that prosciutto mixed with that creamy texture of the mascarpone cheese followed by the sweet figs and the tart tomato jam, YUM! We each ordered the same entree which was the brie stuffed chicken and figs and lets just say that is when the meal started to semi- fail. Now John kinda warned us when we ordered this dish as he said it was getting mixed reviews so to let him know how it turns out. I should have known better. I will say that the potatoes and the green beans were very tasty and the chicken was juicy, HOWEVER when you say that a chicken breast is going to be stuffed with brie and with figs, you kinda expect that. The chicken breast was stuffed with brie but only at the very end of the chicken breast. As far as figs, its not figs, its fig jam and its used very sparely like the brie. We even found out the the chef only puts a small tablespoon of brie in the brie stuffed chicken. Hmm that is not stuffed. If you are going to advertise it as brie stuffed chicken, make sure that the brie is throughout the chicken and not at the "butt" of the chicken breast. I kept cutting into it and was like where is the brie? I was almost done when I found it. Semi FAIL! Needless to say Scott V. heard that I was not exactly thrilled with the dish and that I was going to review this on yelp (Thanks John :) ) and he came over to personally apologize. I let him know that the dish was good, I mean we both finish our dish, however it was not as advertised. There was nothing stuffed about that chicken breast and just take off the fig and just leave the fig jam as there are no actual figs in the dish. (fig jam does not count as figs) So to make amends he offered to buy us dessert. Dang that man knows my weakness and it's dessert. We ordered the ghirardelli brownie with vanilla ice cream and raspberries topped with a drizzle of chocolate sauce. OMG that made up for the chicken. It came out warm and it was truly divine! All in all, it was a great place. The live band that was on the patio was jamming, the staff were friendly, the wine and even the food was delish and the company was awesome! (Thank you Emily) I will definitely be back to 5th and Wine VERY soon. Side note: Thank you again to John our fabulous server and Scott V. for the lovely dessert and for listening to me voice my concerns.
4	I really love this place! A casual and comfortable atmosphere with awesome food and good priced wines! I love 5th and Wine for Happy Hour during the week with girlfriends-try and sit in their "living room" setting and grab a few appetizers and a $5 glass of wine- I really love their Riesling.  The French Fries and Bruschette's are a great way to mix sweet (Brie and Apple Bruschetta) and salty (garlic and parmesan fries). Want to get crazy? Try the Julia Child's  Beef Bourguignon, a Saturday night Specialty that is Hearty and absolutely delicious!
4	Another place that was bumped up on the list thanks to Yelp in Bloom.  And this is probably one of my new favorite places.  $5 glasses of wine until 6 pm everyday, including weekends.  And not just "select" wines, almost all of them.  In fact, I had a nice glass of Sauvignon Blanc for $3 as an open bottle special. Yes, you read correctly.  $3!!! In Scottsdale!We sat on the patio which is behind the restaurant and nicely hidden from the street.  We started with bruschetta, and chose four to try.  I think my favorite was the apple, brie, and fig jam.  Perhaps my least favorite was the tomato, mozzarella, and basil, but only because it was too heavy for the bread and was difficult to eat.  They were all great.  We also shared a  prosciutto and brie panini which was really good.  They're not giant but enough to share if you're having appetizers.  And we were each given a salad with our panini portion.Our server was excellent, but we were given a dirty plate.  It was dirty on the underside so she probably would not have seen it.  Our wines were also mixed up.  When my lips puckered at the first drink, I knew I had the Riesling.  Luckily, I caught it before my husband drank my entire glass in one gulp.Overall, a fantastic find and I can't wait to go back.  Hell, why am I writing this review now.  It's before 6!
5	This is one of our favorite places to go for dinner, late night drinks, a few glasses of wine during the day or a relaxing place to listen to live music. Their french fries are delicious & my fiance had the prime rib and said it was better than mine! (and mine is DELICIOUS, let me tell you! ;))
4	My wife and I dropped by for an after dinner glass of wine and desert.  Great place!  We loved the casual sitting area to be able to relax and enjoy the very good selection of wine.  Great service...  Nice location in old town Scottsdale.  We enjoyed ourselves...  Next time we will try it out for dinner!
4	Stopped in on a Sunday and had a few glasses of wine on the shaded, mister-sprayed, patio area.All glasses of wine are $5 til 6pm, every single day. Awesome. We also mentioned Yelp and got $2 glasses of a tasty St. Francis Chardonnay thx to a special I spotted on Yelp for Android (could be gone now).Bruschetta was pretty good, but the fresh mozzarella was a bit runny & mushy. I would've preferred a more solid/chewy fresh mozz. They also use small cherry tomatoes instead of tomato slices, which Tera didn't like. Even so, we still had a great time and I wish there was a spot just like this next door to our neighborhood.
5	Finally made it to 5th and Wine last night. Is it bad that I had 3 glasses of wine and a martini? If I wasn't hungover the next day does that mean I am an alcoholic or just a professional?  I don't care to know the answer, because that might keep me from coming back!Our waiter Michael, whose name I remember because my mom only dates Michaels and he made a joke about her not looking like any of his ex-girlfriends, was fucking fabulous. Sorry, but sometimes I really like to use expletives to describe how great something was. I should probably give 5th and Wine 5 stars.  You know what?  I will.Live singer on Thursday nights- awesome.Me singing along and knowing every song because I'm good like that- even better.Waiter who aims to please- fantastic.Good wine- makes me happy.$40 a bottle- makes me happy I'm not paying.Bruschetta choices- perfect and so far, all delicious.   Reuniting my mom and a Michael from her past who still desperately loves her- what good daughters do.Hoping Mother's current boyfriend named Michael never reads this- priceless.
5	Checked out 5th and Wine last night (or as some prefer cinco y vino), it was great!  Happy hour til 6 p.m. = $5 glasses of wine. I recommend the Lucky Start Pinot Noir.  The bruschetta was amazing, we had 4 different kinds (Hummus, Salmon, Brie/Apples and Tomato Mozzarella Balsamic)....all delicious! Instead of dessert we went for the garlic fries!!! Everything was great!!
4	Used a Localdines.com gift certificate to get our our meal for almost half off.  Food was very good, found the Hummus bruschetta a bit dry, Antipasto was excellent as was the Cheese selection.  Very good prices.  Ordered a glass of wine during meal and watched it sit on the bar for a good ten minutes.  Other than some small glitches, overall a great place.
3	Food was okay but nothing to really rave about. Don't order the chicken breast stuffed with brie and figs. Very dry and tasteless. Panini's were pretty good and salad was good, too. Overall, I would say the ambiance was better than the food.
4	My first experience with this place was at a Yelp event a few months ago where they were giving away samples of their bruschetta and my wife and I had been wanting to pay their location a visit ever since then.  So, we went last Friday with a party of 4 for dinner and drinks.  We called in advance to make sure we got a spot on the patio.  Things got off to a rough start when the hostess couldn't find our reservation.  I always hate making reservations on the phone because this crap always happens and it pisses me off.  I much prefer making a reservation online so I have proof that I can print out.  Anyway, tt was about 7pm and the place was getting busy but they found a place for us on the patio in under 10 minutes.We all split some bruschettas and while they were very good they weren't Postino good.  Postino has the best bruschetta by far.  For an entree I ordered the burger and it was very good.  The fries/aioli,  however, were amazing!My only grip was with the band playing outside.  They were very good but just too loud.  It was difficult to converse with our friends.  I hate yelling and struggling to hear what is being said.Anyway, I want to come back and try some more of their food and wines.  The place is very open, comfortable and clean.  The service is pretty good too.  As an added bonus I got a $30 gift certificate for $15 on LocalDines http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ.
5	If I'm having lunch in Old Town, chances are I'll be at 5th and Wine. I really liked 5th and Wine the first time I tried it, but I didn't guess it would become such a go-to place for me. It's a great place for lunch and I know I'll really enjoy my meal there. I went with a friend on Saturday and we both had their Prosciutto and Brie Panini with that comes with fig jam, arugula and balsamic vinegar. It comes on toasty sourdough bread with charred grill marks. Great combo!! Kind of like their bruschetta but as a whole sandwich! I took my mom there for lunch yesterday and we shared a plate of bruschettas. We had the bruschettas listed in my last review but subbed the tomato one for the pepper-crusted steak and horseradish (so good!)
5	I've been to this place 3 times and it just keeps getting better.  It is a bit of a drive for me, but I will keep going back because of the delicious food, great service, and wonderful ambiance.My servers there have always been friendly, down-to-earth, and attentive.  Today, the two people we interacted with were also incredibly funny!  So here's what you should try when you come here:Butternut squash soup- so goodBruschetta- I don't care if it's not toasted, it's delicious.  Best ones I've tried so far are the roasted peppers/goat cheese and the proscuitto/fig ones.  Smoked salmon one is good too.Burger- with caramelized onions and arugula and yummy cheeses, this is to die for.Parmesan fries- heavenlyVeggie salad and strawberry/gorgonzola salad- both really fresh and yummyantipasto- my friend had this and loved it.You really can't go wrong here, and the prices are very affordable.  Loved it! Definitely 5 stars.
4	My favorite thing about 5th and wine is the location itself. I love the decor, I love the comfortable feeling, and just the overall ambiance. I could totally see myself going down there every day and hanging out on one of the couches eating a ghiradelli brownie and drinking a glass of pinot noir. Too bad I have responsibilities like children ;)The apple, brie, fig jam and honey/agave drizzled brushetta is SO good. A perfect start to any meal. The green apples are crisp and the home made fig jam is sweet, and the brie is creamy. My mouth is watering thinking about it!For an entree I tried the pesto chicken pasta. Very very good...it's deliciously creamy without being to heavy chicken dish. Chef Steven Butler makes his own pesto sauce and it's amazing.Then of course you have to try some of the wines. They are great at telling you which wine pairs best with each dish, so you will never be disappointed in the flavors.Definitely a new favorite restaurant of mine!
5	"5th" should stand for 5 stars. Star One: AmbianceStar Two. FoodStar Three. Service Star Four. WineStar Five. Location. I've been wanting to check out the newest restaurant to hit the nicely situated Old Town location for awhile and from the moment I walked in the door, I was impressed. The decor screams "drink with me" as you feel like you've entered an Old English manor that's full of the oldest and finest wines. Complete with a patio you'd like to call your own, they also offer live music every weekend. But, don't let the ambiance and wine fool you to thinking that the food is only mediocre. It's more like mouthwatering. I had the Veggie Salad with Chicken and the name doesn't do the meal justice. With avocado that tastes like it's fresh from the farm, string beans that are crunchiliscious and a dressing you can't quite describe, this is no salad that leaves you pining for more. The waitress was always attentive, friendly and never let my glass look empty. Now that I've found one of my new favs in town, I plan on checking out their happy hours and weekly specials until my teeth turn red from wine happiness.
2	My brother and I came to 5th and Wine once, and it was pretty decent...especially the fried pickles...so when I was on a date and my date informed me he hadnt been to 5th and Wine yet, I suggested we go for a drink. Oh my word. What a heinous experience transpired next. We were treated like criminals, and my date never got his drink. Here goes:So we walk in and find some seats at the bar, and take a look at the menu. The bartender came over and informed us of a new date-night promotion they are running, and then left us to the menu. When she came back, I ordered the LaFitte brut and my date asked her "How is your sangria?" and the bartender responded "red or white?" and he then said "red". And then the bartender walked away. My date and I looked at each other very confused. Then we figured, the bartender must not have heard him correctly yada yada...anyhow, my date mentioned that they allegedly have this great patio yada yada and asked if I would join him on the patio for a moment so he could check it out. So I look at the bartender, and make eye contact, and point towards the patio to signal her that we were going outside for a second, and she nods in understanding. We get out to the patio and we were chatting for a moment when the manager comes out and asks "is everything ok?". She looked at me like I was doing something wrong. And I said "oh yes, everything is fine, we just wanted to check out your patio". The manager then walks back in and immediately returns with one of the male bartenders in tow. The bartender comes out and very confrontationally says "Is there a problem out here?". Both my date and I were quite taken with the way the bartender addressed us, and futhermore the fact that the manager felt it was necessary to bring one of the male bartenders out to address us after I had already told her we just wanted to see the patio. My date suggested that we go back inside and check things out some other time, while the manager and the bartender looked at us like we were trying to ditch on our bill or something. Upon walking back inside, the manager asked me if we were thinking of booking a private party on the patio. (Well sheesh lady if I was I certainly I certainly am not anymore!) I once again informed the manager that we just wanted to see the patio. We got back inside, and my glass of LaFitte was waiting. His sangria was no where to be found. I took one sip, it was bitter, or maybe just my taste buds were. I paid for my drink and we left. The ONLY reason I even think of giving this place anything above one star is because the fried pickles were good the first time around. I have no idea why we were treated so aggressively when trying to see the patio. So go ahead and order yourself some fried pickles. Just dont try and take your date out on the patio. You have been warned.
3	We went to 5th and Wine last night for dinner w/friends.  We arrived to find that we were placed in the main dining area by the live band, despite our request to be seated in a quiet area.  However, the hostess was gracious about moving us to the other side of the place.  They have a good wine selection and the staff seems to know the wines fairly well.  I was surprised at the limited menu but figured better a few dishes  well prepared then lots of dishes done poorly.We ordered bruschetta and the humus plate to start our evening.The bruschetta is fabulous.  We had the apple. brie, fig jam w/agave drizzle and the tomato mozzarella.  Both were fabulous.  The humus was delish, a bit spicy (which i like) and there was plenty to go around.  Both guys ordered the beef bourguignon, which the menu states is Julia Childs classic recipe, and accordingly is served over egg noodles.  The presentation was nice, but the beef was on the dry side.   I ordered the Strawberry salad which was very good.  Our 4th ordered the chicken w/pesto sauce and all she said was, next time I will order something else.   We all agreed that next time we would have the appetizers for dinner. The service was excellent.  John was our server and he was attentive without being intrusive.   The acustics are not great, making it hard to have a conversation without yelling.  Next time I will try the patio and see if that is better.  Just too hot for that last night.
5	Bill, Bill, Bill.  You seduce my friend and I in from the 111 degree heat with ice cold beer.  You seat us in luxe leather seats and permit us to play trivial pursuit (the 1985 version!) for an excessive period of time.  You feed us bruschetta, and don't wince when I beg off a decision and insist that you choose the flavors (figs & honey, goat cheese & roasted peppers, what a guy).And then you sigh with pleasure when my seatmate and I both choose to eat the succulent ribeye and crunchy beans, regaling us with tales of time long ago when many important members of the staff worked somewhere famous called "Flemings".I was sad to go, but I'll come back to see you.  I promise!
3	Ok so after the last experience, I gave 5th and Wine another whirl. Mmmmm here goes:After a rather long day, I plunk myself down in one of those wonderful cushy chairs they have, and indulge in those phenominal fried pickles. This is almost the best part of my meal. My brother and I order wine, in particular I order tempranillo. The server brings the tempranillo, and sets it on the table. I go to grab it and he then picks it up and says its the wrong one. Brings another one by, and informs me that they recently added another tempranillo to the menu and then proceeds to inform me that he will be drinking the other glass that he just took away...ha. We order our food....my brother goes with the salmon, and I go with a 5th and Wine burger. The server informs me that I have two cheese options: either the Cambozola or the White Cheddar. Before letting me make my decision, he proceeds to advertise the Cambozola. I was already going to go with that, but sure you can go ahead and talk about how you enjoy it so much. The food came out luke warm but at this point in the day I was so hungry I ate it. The server came to ask how everything is, and after we informed him everything was fine, he proceeds to say "okay great. Well im going to go walk my parents out then...." and proceeds to tell us about how his parents are a few tables over and he hasnt seen his parents in two years.20 or 30 minutes go by and our server returns. He says "Did you want those cheesecakes to go?" and I look at him slightly perplexed as I didnt think i had discussed dessert with him yet. I proceeded to inform him that I was actually thinking of having the brownie and he says "but the ice cream will melt in the to-go box". Am I leaving? Im confused. He then figures out that he is talking to the wrong table. I mean, there is only 3 tables in the place and one of them was your parents... He apologizes and says "Wow, i really need to get it together". He then takes our dessert order, and leaves the dirty plates. Nice. We are waiting for our dessert, and im watching as our server is going around to completely empty tables to clear glass-ware while im still staring at my half eaten burger. He comes by the table with a to-go box and offers it for my burger, where I politely decline. The dessert: YES. Oh lord yes. The brownie sundae is amazing. I do not care about anything else in the world now that this brownie has entered my life. It is warm, and chocolatey and fabulous. This is most certainly the best part of the meal. Alas, we finish the brownie, and im ready for the bill. Wherein, I finally learn my servers name. I politely hand him a note from Mr. Sullivan, the owner, that denotes that a manager should come by and introduce themselves etc. The bill was incorrect, but the corrections got made and that was that. Our server dropped off the bill, and that was all. No manager....unless, heaven forbid, the server was the manager. Appetizers? YES. Im telling you, the fried pickles are where its at. Dessert? Absolutely. Overall...it was a better experience than my previous review.
5	WOW...seriously I love food but am also picky. Upon discovering this place on line I was instantly intrigued, I love wine and the reviews on from my Yelp friends were pretty damn good. I checked out the menu which I actually commented to my husband was one of the better selections I had seen in awhile...I mean bruchetta...brie..chesse platter I am in! Was looking for a place to hang after my spa service this sat...this is the spot! So to try it out first we went last night for dinner. AMAZING service (chris) food and ambiance. They had a solo guitar artist there and he played everything from Eric Clapton to Sublime and rocked them all. Our party agreed its our new fav place.So 5th and Wine prepare yourself because my sister and I are coming this saturday to enjoy happy hour and maybe if you play your cards right we will stay right through dinner!
4	It's Friday night. Friend just got a new job. Let's toast at 5th and Wine.My friend and I love Postino to bits but decided to hit up 5th and Wine for a change of pace. So glad we did as I now have a new place to add to my list of Old Town favs.Since it was Friday, it was pretty busy but we still got a table right away. There was a duo playing music so between that and the crowd it did get pretty noisy. Not the place for intimate dinner conversation, apparently. But we were there to celebrate so speaking loudly was not much of an issue.We quickly ordered white sangria and settled in. The sangria was tasty and I was soon buzzing. We decided to share an order of fries and bruschetta. The fries were very good - covered in garlic and herbs and served with a creamy dipping sauce. We got 4 types of bruschetta - apples and brie, prosciutto, salmon and tomato and mozzarella. The only one I didn't care for was the salmon. The creamy sauce on there was just not my thing. But I liked all the others and there were other options on the menu so I'd just get something else next time.The service was great. We camped out for a long time and they didn't seem to care. Even after we were done the waiter still kept bringing us water which was nice.I looks forward to going back to try their burger. And sit on the outdoor patio once it cools off!
5	What a great place. Went to a wine tasting there. Great wine and food. Atmosphere fun. check it out.
2	All I can say is "I've had better."  I've had better brucetta.  The bread was soggy from the toppings.  Ingredients didn't taste fresh.I've had a better salad.  We split the veggie salad that tasted bland and I couldn't even taste the jicama and beans.  The avocado saved the salad.I've had better service, but it wasn't the waitress' fault.  The manager should have hired more staff as this poor waitress was serving at least 20-30 people out on the patio.  It took us over an 1.5 hours to get our 4 piece brucetta and salad.The only reason I am giving 2 stars is due to the great selection of wine. Sorry 5th and Wine but I'm sticking with Postinos.
5	Great food for an extremely reasonable price!  We will be making the trip back to Scottsdale soon!
5	I truly believe that it isn't just the food that makes a place but the service can be the real cherry on top, which is why I am going to start there. First I was impressed that on a quiet Tuesday the dining area was closed because there was a huge party coming in to take over the whole place. The bar area was open however and I am glad it was the only option because Carl, the bartender, made our experience! First all bottles of wine are $20 before 6 and we sampled 4 before making our choice. Sidebar, also there was a wine tasting going on with 2 patrons and one of the staff, not sure if he was the manager or owner, but super friendly as well. Back to Carl, he is the perfect bartender, personable, knowledgeable, chats you up but isn't intrusive at all. He also has a great stache and told me where to get stache wax for my dude, that rocks! He also gave us happy hour prices even though it didn't start for another 20 minutes. We ordered fried pickles which were thinly sliced, the batter was perfectly crisp and the garlic aoli was to die for. Next we ordered 6 types of bruschetta, salmon and capers, mozzarella, tomato and basil, goat cheese with roasted red peppers, apple and marscapone, hummus and chives and prosciutto and fig. Now I know there have been comparisons to Postinos, I love that place as well, but I am glad I can go right down the street now instead of across town. I do like that they cut them in threes instead of just half, more bite manageable. My companion and I both didn't like the salmon and capers, which is fine, but what was great was Carl heard us say it and brought out another one with chicken salad, on the house. Nice! I bill was less than $40 and I will definitely go back.
4	Love 5th and Wine!  My sister and I originally discovered this gem at the Yelp event at the Desert Botanical Gardens.  Their booth had several different kinds of bruscetta's, and we were hooked.  I have been back for happy hour (it is in the "orb" you know) several times and have not been dissapointed.  The happy hour goes from 3pm - 6pm daily, and there are lot's of wines to try for only $5 a glass.  Then the bruscetta...yumo!  You can choose 6 different kinds for only $9.95 and each piece is cut into 3 for sharing.  We had 4 of us recently and it was a great nosh along with our vino.  Hands down faves were the proscuitto, mascarpone, fig and tomato jam and the peppercorn steak with creamy horseradish.  They have other nibbles at happy hour, but I can't seem to break away from the bruscetta.  The servers are also very nice and well educated in wine.  Just go!
5	Tried this place today for first time.  I office very close and have not ventured in for one reason or another.  Decor was very comfortable and trendy.  Sat at the bar with colleage and service at bar was fantastic.  Bartender/server was extremely tentative and certainly knowledeable about the many different menu items.  Price point at this place was VERY reasonable.  So many restaurants menu's read well but product lets you down in the end.  NOT HERE. Tried the BLT and it had a generous portion of HIGH quality bacon.  The bread it was served on was also a perfect accompaniment.  My colleage had the Friday special of shaved prime rib BBQ sandwich and it too was perfect.  I will definately go here again.  Can't go wrong.
3	Wine is very, very good. Food is just "ok." Ambience is fun, but the live music was like a bad lounge act.
5	Nice wine list, great food and good service.  I like this place.
3	The wine list is awesome! Food is quality. Burger is very tasty.. Fries are def. a treat. Try the fried pickles :)  our service with Mel was unattentive and lacking! Otherwise this is a great place for a date or girls nite out! Live music is an added bonus!
4	Wow...what a great place!  The wine was great and the bartender gave excellent recommendations.  We want to come back and try out the summer 2 for $40 special.
4	Great atmosphere and excellent decor. Bruschetta appetizers were excellent and wine selection was extensive including some local AZ wineries. Entree's were good, not great.Service was friendly, but very slow to take our order.Overall, it's a great date spot and very quaint
4	My husband and I are REALLY picky and we loved 5th and Wine. The atmosphere is fun and hip. The employees are so gracious and eager to please. We sat at the bar and were instantly intrigued by Carl, the fabulous bartender. He suggested a pinot noir (that wasn't the most expensive) and it was fabulous. He also suggested the flight of bruschetta and our palettes wanted to thank him. The french fries are made with garlic...... very yummy. Loved it and will definitely return....
5	This place kept impressing me throughout our meal! From the quick seating time despite arriving at prime time hours on a weekend, to the gracious service even though we were only ordering apps, to the AMAZING food, I'm so glad we stopped by.I loved this place when it was Fine's Cellar, and I'm glad to see that 5th and Wine stole their menu and concept, because it's just as awesome. Unfortunately, none of us ended up having any wine even though the selection looked amazing, but the food more than made up for that.I ordered the butternut squash soup to start...and I mean business when I say this is the BEST SOUP I'VE EVER TASTED! (Sorry, Grandma...you know I always loved your matzoh balls, but this is in another league!) The soup was velvety, smooth, rich, and sweet, and even though I burned my tongue after one bite, I could instantly taste how wonderful it was. I have no idea what compelled me to order soup in the first place because it was at least 110 degrees outside, but I am soooo glad I did! I will definitely order this on my next visit!I also ordered the bruschetta, which comes in two, four, or six increments. I chose four (and kindly shared one with the bf): two "Apples, Brie, Fig Jam, Honey and Agave Drizzle", o ne "Tomato, Mozzarella, Basil, Balsamic Reduction", and one "Smoked Sockeye Salmon, Brie , Eggs, Onion Capers". The smoked salmon was the weakest, and the sauce that came on it wasn't very tasty, but the deliciousness of the other two bruschetta flavors definitely made up for that! The flavors on the  apple one just melded well together, and there was both red and green apples on it. The balsamic on the other bruschetta was very sweet and yummy, and the tomatoes were clearly very fresh. Would definitely order these two again!   A really nice touch was that each piece of bruschetta (which were very sizeable) was cut into thirds, making eating and sharing very easy. Bf ordered a strawberry salad that he liked, and our other dining partners loved their bruschetta as well. They  ordered a few different ones than I did, though I can't remember which ones. The service was impeccable, and the ambiance was very chic and fun, with a live band playing while we ate. It was difficult to hear each other  at times, but it was a lively setting. When our server asked if we were ready for the check, he even offered to split it up  between the two couples. That rarely happens to me-usually we have to request it, and the server will hem and haw and then agree (I've been a server and I would hate it too, so I understand), but I liked that this server took initiative. He even pointed out that if we bring our receipt back in the next two weeks, we get a discount on our meal. That's pretty awesome.Overall, awesome place, affordable too. I wish they were closer to Scottsdale Road so they would get more foot traffic! But then that would mean I'd have to wait longer when I want to eat there :)
4	We attended a wine tasting event here. Since the boyfriend doesn't drink he ordered food, I sampled appetizers and wine. Boyfriend ordered prime rib (The Thursday Special). It was really good. Some of the best prime rib I have had in the valley. The appetizers were very good - specially the bruschetta. They have a great happy hour - with 5 dollar glasses of wine - for any glass. The environment is very chill - very laid back but nice. A good place to try in old town Scottsdale.
4	another great find in the many hit and misses of scottsdale. the place seemed to be designed for comfort. the staff were friendly and helpful offering some great suggestions.  The bruschetta many offerings and i don't think you can go wrong..Eat lunch and all the wines by the glass were $5 great value and tons of choices. Grilled chicken sandwich was good and the aioli sauce for the fries excellent. They have  a huge patio which once the weather cools off will be a place to met friends for afternoon happy hour.  go and enjoy it..
3	I first visited this spot for a "foodies like us" event back in June where I was able to sample food off of their menu. The event was held on their patio; they had music and food set up around the patio and servers were also passing out food.I was able to taste lots of yummy goodness off their menu they had a "white" and "red sangria" station set up, so I grabbed a glass of the white sangria and started tasting the food! Their crispy fries with pecorino cheese, garlic, basil and chili flakes were delish! I probably could have eaten those all night... I also tried the bruschetta, my fav had to be the apples and brie. They also had some sort of chicken skewers that were a bit bland, and lots of bread to fill up on. They finished the tasting off with these moist and chocolatey brownies...it was a perfect way to wrap up the tasting. Overall this is a great place to have a glass of wine and just relax (which I did not long ago) or even a meal with family and friends. I will be back to try some other treats off of their menu very soon!
5	It really couldn't have been any better.  -Groupon (check)-Cool unpretentious waiter (check)-Live music (check)-Amazing menu (double check)We ventured over to 5th & Wine a few weeks ago after buying our Groupon online for $15 bucks (for $30 worth of food) and haven't stopped talking about it since.  We're not really wine drinkers (craft beer is more our style), so we decided to just focus on the food and order as much as our little stomachs could handle.  Here's what we got and why it was so fabulous:-Bruschetta.  Next time we go back I think I want to order nothing but the bruschetta, it was that good.  Melt in your mouth savory and soft and just all around a perfect explosion of both texture and flavor.  We only got four of the eight bruschetta offerings, (Apples and brie, Peppercorn steak and horseradish, Tomato basil and mozzarella, and Prosciutto and fig) but each and every one that we tried left our mouth watering.-5th & Wine burger.  We asked our waiter about this burger, and he said it was one of the best burgers he has ever had.  We took this comment with a grain of salt since he works for the joint, but after we sank our teeth into the juicy beast ourselves, we realized how right he was.  It was a damn good burger, well deserving of praise.  The fries on the side were also finger lickin' good and we gobbled up every last one of those perfectly fried taters.-Tomato and Mozzarella panini.  It was everything I thought a panini could be, and more. Crispy on the outside and gooey guts of tomato and cheese on the inside, this was one tasty sandwich, and the side of minestrone soup hit the spot as well.I wish other mediocre establishments would observe and take notes from this place on how to run a successful restaurant in the valley.  The food, the service and the atmosphere are all impeccable, and unlike some other places, they don't make you pay for valet parking or dress like a wannabe hipster to fit in and look cool (I'm looking at you Postino).
3	The wine selection didn't live up to my expectations and there's better bruschetta in the Valley. On the other hand, our service was flawless and I liked the chicken salad. In a nutshell: I wouldn't turn down a chicken salad sandwich... but it probably won't be my idea to return.
5	Another amazing visit to 5th and Wine with my friends! Dinner was amazing! Service was above and beyond. We are all changing our eating habits and the server was kind enough to split all of  our dishes for us so that we had smaller, more reasonable portions. That was way beyond our expectation and definitely not what we've been used to in recent months.Beef Bourginon again was awesome. The strawberry gorgonzola salad is perfectly dressed. We also had the chicken picatta and butternut squash soup. Sooo good. Love 5th and Wine. Can't wait to go back.
4	I first visited to this spot last night where I was able to sample food off the the happy hour menu. The place was packed they had music starting at 6 pm which was pretty good and service was very good and attentive.I also ordered the brochette, which comes in two, four, or six increments. I chose six(and kindly shared with the friend): two "Apples, Brie, Fig Jam, Honey and Agave Drizzle", one "Tomato, Mozzarella, Basil, Balsamic Reduction", and one "Smoked Sock-eye Salmon, Brie , Eggs, Onion Capers". The smoked salmon was the weakest. The flavors on the apple one just melded well together, and there was both red and green apples on it. The balsamic on the other brochette was very sweet and yummy, and the tomatoes were clearly very fresh. Would definitely order these two again!  The small Caesar salad was okay...nothing to speak about. Maybe the dressing could be improve. The wine was $ 5.00 and there was enough to choose from and was very good.Pros- Music from 6-9 pm that is early enough for you to enjoy instead of waiting for late night music that start at 9 or 10 pm.Cons- Not really any but would like the happy menu expanded to have more to select from on it due to the fact after two visits you could run out of selections.
4	There's an old saying, "it's always happy hour somewhere" that's used when trying to justify drinking in the morning or early afternoon. Between you and me day drinking isn't one of my strong suits and has to be justified for me to do it.A great happy hour not only starts early but allows you enjoy well priced libations and food at great prices. That's when great happy hour specials come into play, such as at the recently discovered 5th and Wine in Old Town Scottsdale. Opened by the same owners as the fantastic Humble Pie and the new Living Room Wine Bar in Chandler, they create a space that's welcoming, relaxed and comfortable. Service is polished with an attractive and eager staff that seem genuine and friendly.Day drinkers can delight from 3pm-7pm daily, including weekends, with 5th & Wines great happy hour with glasses of wine priced at $5. The deals don't stop there, also offering a short list of fantastic draft beers and well drinks both at only $4.5th and Wine also offers several well priced appetizers to pair up with one of their amazing wines. Salty cured meats always taste so good while sipping drinks, and the Prosciutto Wrapped Breadsticks ($4) filled the ordered perfectly. They take long thin bread sticks then wrap them with thin slices of cured pork and finish them horseradish cream, incredibly addictive.Served with crunchy jicama and ranch dressing for dipping, the Spicy Chicken Drumettes ($4) might be the best deal on the menu. In total there were 12 plump and meaty drumettes that were cooked until tender then slathered in a spicy vinegary wing sauce, basic I know but executed perfectly.The center piece to all of the eating and drinking were definitely the Bruschetta ($9.95 for 6). Starting with a thick slab of toasted artisan bread, you choose from 8 different preparations ranging from mild to sublime. Standouts included a tasty peppercorn crusted steak with dollops of nose clearing creamy horseradish and for the wine centric, apples with brie and fig jam which was then drizzled with honey and agave syrup. After trying so many, my absolute favorite had prosciutto, mascarpone cheese, figs and tomato jam. Salty, sweet, creamy and chewy, this touched on everything I love about well prepared Bruschetta.At these prices you can easily put together a hearty meal but why stop there? 5th and Wine also offers a great selection of salads, sandwiches entrees and daily specials on their regular menu.Not to be missed, the 5th and Wine Burger ($11.95) starts with all natural ground beef then is topped with Cambozola or White Cheddar, caramelized onions and organic arugula. I opted for the addition of an organic fried egg for only $1.50 more which added the creaminess of hot egg yolk to each beefy bite. Almost as good as the burger, the 5th Ave Sausage ($10.95) uses Schreiner's sausage, caramelized onions, roasted peppers, arugula and whole grain mustard on toasted focaccia. However on my last visit, like the burger, the sausage was served on tender flaky brioche, a perfect substitute.Just think in the time it took to read this another happy hour started.
5	LOVE this place... found it on localdines.com for half off (still on there if you want it!). This is a lot like Postinos if anyone has been there: similar bruschetta thats amazing, salads, sandwiches, and sangria!There Sangria is wonderful... a little sweet, but very tasty. Service is always awesome too!My husband and I got our localdines gift certificate $15 for $30 worth of food and spent $33 after splitting an appetizer, entree, dessert and I had a glass of sangria and he had a glass of wine. GREAT prices! You simply can't get anything better for a dinner under $20, great service, and live music!
4	This is a good alternative for Postino's if a drive to Arcadia or central Phoenix is inconvenient. The happy hour was pretty good, all glasses of wine and sangria were only $5. The restaurant was very nice inside and our waiter was really pleasant and helpful. Like a lot of other people, I found their bruschetta comparable to Postinos - very good!
4	Let me start off by saying DOG FRIENDLY!! Allow me to follow that statement with really good glass of Malbec for 5 bucks....and it wasn't even happy hour!! Hooray! I can afford to drink again!  Let the good times roll!However, I am not awarding 5th and wine with 5 stars because they stole the bruschetta board idea from Postino AND it is not nearly as good. What they lack in brushetta they make up for in service. We had the pleasure of having Chris as our server.  Not only did he put up with 4 girls and 2 dogs, he did it with a smile and a great attitude. He was hot too, that always helps. So thank you 5th and Wine for a lovely evening, looking forward to our next encounter.
4	Feeling a bit behind on the latest restaurants, my boyfriend and I made a pact to try a new restaurant every week until the end of the year to start getting caught up!  So I'm a bit embarrassed to say, that I had never tried 5th and Wine, I've been meaning to, but it never seemed to match up with my plans.  So week 1 was my choice... 5th and Wine, and what a great choice it was! We got there right after HH ended (6PM), but were happy to hear we were offered an ever better special, "Date night".  Date night includes 2 glasses of wine, 2 salads, 2 entrees and a dessert, all for $40.   You could choose from any wine sold by the glass! This special runs Mon-Wed, but expires 9/15/2010.  The restaurant is a fairly open concept, you have a few options when you arrive, sit at the couches, at a table, or at the bar.   We sat at a table.  Let's start with the wine, I tried two the Petite Syrah ($6) and the Cab Franc ($8), both were recommended by the server and both were excellent.   I also tried the bruchetta appetizer, not as tasty as Postino's, but similar concept and good.  The rest of the meal was standard fare, but all very good. My bf raved about his Salmon and said his Caesar salad was "Solid".  Overall we were very satisfied and will definitely go back soon.   Nothing was the" best thing I ever had", but I just really liked it... kind of hard to explain, but give it a try then maybe you can help me articulated it!
3	I went to 5th and Wine for my friend Amy's birthday celebration. There was a group of about 10 - 12 of us. The Brushetta is very good - they have quite a selection! And they have a full wine bar, which I love. But the service takes forever. I realize that we had a large table, but we made reservations. I felt like the restaurant was pretty unprepared. It took almost an hour to receive our food - it was good, but not worth the wait. My boyfriend and I split the prosciutto and fig panini - it was a little dry for my liking. We also ordered a bruschetta plank - for $12 you get 6 huge pieces of bruschetta, a really good amount of food for the money! My friend Nikki and I split a bottle of wine - Riesling is our favorite. When the birthday cake arrived, 5th and Wine brought out a bundle of balloons - we couldn't figure out if someone at the restaurant had prepared these for Amy, or if some other customer had left them at the restaurant, but Amy was the recipient. When we sat down for dinner we requested everyone have split checks. At the end of the dinner (after having to hunt down our waitress who seemed to get lost in the kitchen) we asked for our individual checks and she said she could "only bring them if we didn't change seats." What a bizarre thing to say to your customers! Overall I say the price of the food is good for the portions you receive. The service is slow, but the ambiance in the restaurant is really nice. They also had live entertainment that was a nice change from normal restaurants. I would recommend checking out 5th and Wine - if you have an evening with nothing planned and no time constraints!
4	I'm a big fan of 5th and Wine for many reasons, but their service really impresses me.  Their servers have always been friendly and outgoing, and eager to offer advice on the menu.  One time, I remember, ordering a glass of wine and not caring for it.  I brought this to my server's attention right away, and without hesitation, he offered to take the glass off my bill, and allow me to try something else instead - just the response I was hoping for.I'm not as big of a fan of the bruschetta as others I know, but I do like the cheese plate.  I don't go here as much for the food, though, as I do for the great service, wine, and laid-back environment.
4	Go there for happy hour and take advantage of their $5 wines and 1/2 of bottles.  Order their cheeseburger, relax and enjoy the live music.  Excellent service, great music and a respectable wine list give this place in Old Town Scottsdale 4 stars.  Definitely coming back.
4	The Ron Burns artwork is gorgeous. Friendly staff. Great service and great happy hour.
4	Took my mom here for a nice Mother and Son night out. Luckily we arrived on the last night that the "date night" menu was offered. 2 salads, 2 entrees, 2 glasses of wine and 1 dessert to share for 40 bucks! Not a bad deal. Service was very pleasant, and food blazed out of the kitchen. Good ambiance inside and outside the restaurant. It was a bit loud, but just enough to give the place a hip energy and not be obtrusive. Also a nice area with couches for the more intimate drinks or eats. So, for food, we both enjoyed our salads(Caeser and Veggie). We both ordered the Agavi Burbon Glazed Salmon for the main course. I'm not one to normally order fish, but im glad I did. It was cooked perfectly and had a delicious glaze on it. It was served with buttery string beans cooked with carmelized onions and roasted fingerling potatoes. Not a huge portion. Just enough to be perfect. For dessert, Strawberry cheesecake. Hard to go wrong with cheesecake, and this one delivered well enough.I'll probably hit this place up again, maybe even with a date that's not my mother. :)
4	I didn't realize that this place was done by the same folks as Humble Pie before we arrived, but both places get a solid 4 stars. We originally saw 5th and Wine at March's Yelp event at the Desert Botanical Gardens, and when I was reminded of it by Groupon, we had to make our way in.The place is ADORABLE. Period. We talked about how perhaps we might one day decorate our house like this (minus the dog pictures) -- the red chairs, dark wood tables, mini library and awesome lights? Check.The menu was good, but not amazing, as I'm a vegetarian. My options here were about on par compared with Postino's...except here I could get 6 bruschetta if I wanted, Postino's only 4. However, there were only 4 vegetarian bruschetta offerings, so that's what I got. The hummus was a little too spicy, the caprese was good (although I'd prefer sliced rather than cherry tomatoes), the tomato jam was so so. The real star of the plate was the apples, agave, fig jam and brie. Best sweet bruschetta I've had in the valley!We shared fried pickles. I love me some good fried pickles. These were ok, but not crispy enough. I did like, however, that they used thin slices instead of thick ones (Grand Lux Cafe) or spears (Gunther Toody's).My partner got the prosciutto pannini.  She liked it, but said it helped her to realize that she preferred that flavor combo cold.  Salad that came with was great.Our service was super, with our iced teas and waters getting constant water refills (plus I loved the water carafe of sorts on the table). All in all, it's a cute neighborhood, and we'll be back to try different menu items, enjoy the service, and check out their delicious looking drink menu!
4	I've only been once and therefore my experience is limited.  But I'll be back.Great service. The folks who work here are good.I wasn't super hungry so I ordered the simplest bruschetta combo, which is kind of a misnomer as they offer a lot of things served on bread.I had their steak.  I had their salmon.  Both were great, tasty portions.I'd be back, but I just moved to NY where this would fit in nicely.  Hope they franchise!
1	Highly recommended by some folks while visiting Scottsdale. Hubby and I arrived at 12:55pm. The waitress 'Rachel' brought menus and a carafe of water to the table. She never returned. Her main interest was setting up empty tables. Putting out napkins and silverware, she never made eye contact, never told us she'd be with us in a moment, nothing. There were 3 other tables with a couple people at each. We finally left at 1:20...went to eat elsewhere. I will not go here again.
4	Had dinner there last night.   Fantastic service, so prompt, sincere and personable.  The food was delish.  I had the chicken pesto pasta...yumm.Love the interior design...very cool.Had a live guitarist/vocalist and bassist who were fantastic but just a smidge too loud....was little hard to have a conversation with four of us across the table.
5	I only had their catered sandwiches and salad before, this is the first time for the real restaurant experience, and I fell in love with it! It was that good!! Oh the bruschetta! I love them!! Every single piece was melted in our mouth! Soft and flavorful! Two of us also shared the ribeye steak (14 oz), medium rare was done great, along with some sauteed green beans and fingerling potatoes, and our waiter was really nice to split the plate for us. Along the wine (lucky star?), hmmmmm... And how about some cheesecake for dessert? I love this night!Excellent service! I cannot wait till next my visit!
4	Went here for restaurant week and I'm glad I tried it out.  The ambiance is really great in here, especially cute for a first date etc.  They do have a great wine list, but all I tried was the Chardonnay on the special menu, which I wasn't overly excited about, however, it turned out to be one of the best Chardonnays I've ever had.  Order the fried pickles for an appetizer, delish and perfect and thin and crispy and wonderful...highly recommend. I had the pesto pasta for dinner (which I would never normally order) and I have to say, if I went back I'd probably order it again.  I've heard the burgers are also really good, but the pasta was amazing.  Lastly, I had the cheesecake for dessert which tasted like it was frozen, so I deduct a star for that little miscue.I really enjoyed the atmosphere and noticed they have a patio outside which i'd like to try when it gets below 100 degrees.  All around a good experience, service was fine and the hostess was very friendly (a nice plus in Old Town).
4	Burned out Friday afternoon and so in the mood for a HH in a non-pretentious atmosphere, then recalled a previous recommendation... score Fifth and Wine. Called the SO and met up at 5:30pm.  Great mix of small groups, families, BFF's and couples extended from the front seating area, to the lounge and out to the patio. Took a seat at the bar, my preferred seat in the house, and was immediately acknowledged by the solo, busy bartender. So appreciate the "I am busy, but hey, I see you there and be right with you" service!  Wines by the glass were a great price at $5, but spied Zaca Mesa Roussanne... had to go for the (non-hh) bottle. Paired that with the pick 6 appetizers of Apples, Brie, Fig Jam, Honey and Agave Drizzle Prosciutto, Mascarpone Cheese , Figs, Tomato Jam and Hummus, Chive, Saffron Oil. SO chose the peppercorn crusted steak. So, good we realized we were just getting started.Live music started at 7pm so we had to stay. That required a seat change at the bar to view the musicians in the lounge area. (Love the chalkboard on the wall with a listing the upcoming acts.) We ordered the Chicken Picata and a Tomato Mozzarella Salad. Salad was a salads go... not too difficult to mess up. My SO was not impressed with the Chicken Picata stating it was overcooked and salty.  Had a bottle of Macrostie - Carneros with dinner which was fabulous.  I give the service, appetizers, and live music venue five stars. This is on my HH list.
2	Entering through the front door on 5th Avenue, 5th and Wine feels like a brightly lit coffee shop.  Continuing into the restaurant, past the bar, it opens up into a very large, vaulted ceiling dining room.  Unfortunately the noise level also elevates.   As we were escorted to our table, my husband said, "Look around at who is here."  The room was filled with tables of women.  I thought I had accidentally taken my husband to Arcadia Farms!  He commented that he thought the female to male ratio to be about 7:1.   I have to agree, and that included the male waiters!  Tables are very close together.  Because of the noise level, conversation was difficult.  Food was average. Menu was salads, sandwiches, a couple of pastas...seemed more like lunch than dinner.  Nothing to get too excited about.So, if you are a group of loud, laughing, slightly inebriated women, desiring a lunch menu with your bottle(s) of wine for dinner, 5th and Wine is probably your place.  I'll pass.
5	Party of 16? No problem at 5th and Wine--well with a well in advance reservation that is!! The joint was hopping last night when we arrived for dinner!  We had an awesome time. Service was on point, the music was great (Jack Young was playing), and the food was delicious as always. Thanks Scott Yanni and the crew for making us welcome and taking good care of us. Many of our group were newcomers to the place and everyone said they can't wait to be back!  Why haven't YOU gone to 5th and Wine yet?
5	Best burger in town, great to sit outside when there is live music.  Love that it is nice w/o being stuffy and pretentious like much of the area.
5	OMG OMG OMG...This was some seriously good grub!  We had a party of 30 tonight on the patio and the staff was amazing.  They were helpful setting up the party and sosososo accommodating.  The chef actually called to apologize that they couldn't make something.We ordered several kinds of Bruchetta...the Apple and Brie with Fig Jam was KILLER, the traditional tomato and basil one was so tasty it was like it was just out of the garden, there was a steak with horseradish sauce that was out of this world.  We also had calamari fried, wings and hummus which were all top notch.  Where they get their bread...I need to know!There were so many excellent wines to choose from, the water was even good as well and was served in a quaint old fashioned milk bottle.On the patio there was a musician who played a guitar and sang who is worth going back for alone!The place is well appointed has cool art, comfy seating  and nice bathrooms too...I can not say enough...you must go to 5th and Wine!
4	This was a visit for a casual dinner with a couple of friends yesterday (10/21). I have to say, initial impressions are good and the place has earned the good grades. We made reservations and were promptly seated at a nice table indoors. There was live music outside, which was piped in. It was at a good sound level. Our waiter promptly came to take our drink orders and was quite social and courteous. He did take a moment to get to know us, but not in that creepy, lingering waiter type of way. His knowledge of wine was very good and he made excellent recommendations for the dish that I had selected.On to the food. I ordered the 5th and Wine Burger with bacon added, and seasoned fries as the side. Food quality was good. I ordered the burger medium and it came out medium. The beef was good, but did not rise to the level of quality at the Grind or DeLux Burger, though granted, unlike the other two restaurants mentioned, this one is not a burger specialist. The fries were excellently seasoned and just the right mix of crispiness and potato goodness. Overall a good presentation of a burger and fries. Wine is the strong suit of this restaurant with a long list of "by the glass" selections and an even bigger list of "by the bottle" selections. Their breadth nicely reflects Italian, French, and American selections, however was lacking in the South African and South American vintages. I consider a good Pinotage as an absolutely necessary selection within the spectrum of reds. My Spanish Tempranillo was excellent. I have to laud the beverage service here, because the waiter knew enough to bring it out early so that it could "breathe". The atmosphere and architecture is very nice, with great seating and interesting art on the walls. I didn't get a chance to venture outside, but it seemed very lively. Grades:Overall:   A-   (No demerits taken) Food:      B    (Good presentation of a burger with good food quality,                        however, did not pass the Ramsay Test* for an "A").Drinks:    A     (Excellent wine knowledge and service technique was                         displayed by the waiter, coupled with a good selection                        makes this a great place to enjoy wine) Service   A     (Good service as explained above) *Ramsay Test:  Chef Gordon Ramsay says that if you are going to make and serve a simple dish, it needs to be executed with perfection. I will not give an "excellent" or "A" rating for a simple, classic dish unless it is executed with perfection and is a sound and creative interpretation of the dish.
4	Very good bruschetta, efficient and friendly staff, and a very relaxing atmosphere. I had a really nice happy hour when I attended a fundraiser here for Crisis Nursery. Considering the location, I thought the place would be a pretentious one; it certainly was not, and I'm glad. Good food and drinks, great ambiance. I know I'll be bringing my friends here when they come to visit Scottsdale.
2	Ok so I had really high hopes for this place and felt pretty let down. I've heard tons of great things about the food, I just didnt have the same warm fuzzy feelings about it. It was nice to have good music but I felt it was too loud. I could hardly hear. I did like the art on the wall but unfortunately it wasnt enough to save itself. I am not a fan of cafeteria style set up. And the service was only ok. It just fell short of my expectations.
4	Would be a 5 star rating except for two small factors. (I'll touch on those later since they were trumped by the food) My hubby decided on this restaurant for our anniversary after attending a birthday party here last month. We dined on the patio which was wonderful! There was a live duet playing acoustic guitar and the stetson horse fountain at the corner of 5th and Marshall was visible from our table. Volume of the music was just loud enough to mask conversations from other tables and quiet enough to allow for our own. For our apps we chose the fried pickles and the calamari. Both were yummy and we loved the dipping sauce for the calamari. We were both torn between the 5th & wine burger and the 5th ave sausage... so we each ordered one and split both dishes. Glad we did! Both were amazing. I enjoyed the seasoned fries while hubby had the regular. Brownie dessert with ice cream and fresh raspberries was awesome - if the main dishes hadn't been so filling I would have wanted a brownie all to myself! It was a wonderful coincidence that we happened to be celebrating our anniversary on the 5th since the restaurant offers 2$ glass of wine specials on the 5th of every month. YAY! This leads me to the two small issues of the evening that prevent me from awarding 5 stars. When we were seated at our reserved table on the patio, we were not acknowledged by any waitstaff for quite some time. I don't know exactly how long (I try not to be that person who watches the clock) but it was long enough to notice the length of time as well as how many servers walked by our table in the mean time. The second thing that turned me off was when we were asked for our drink order and my husband asked which wines were included in the "2$ special" the server proceeded to list the three wines (a white, a red & a blush) but then added this at the end "I do not recommend the red at all. I think it has such a horrible taste when it goes down." Now, I appreciate the honesty but for $2 instead of the usual $9 price tag, I'll take my chances. I'm not a wine snob by any stretch of the imagination. Gimme any type of cab or zin and I'll probably give it a shot. Normally I would gladly accept server feedback and this is purely my own opinion but I just had the suspicion that he was intentionally trying to deter me from ordering the wine for reasons other than what was stated. Overall it was a great dining experience and we will be back - Hopefully on the 5th of the month!
3	Met some girlfriends for dinner and a night out and we really enjoyed ourselves here.  Atmosphere was relaxed and lively so we never felt like we were talking or laughing too loud.  The food was good, not awesome, but tasty and reasonably priced.  To be honest, we have these dinners mainly to visit and have fun with each other so the food is only secondary and for just having a great evening out enjoying wine, good food and conversation this place was perfect.
4	Prosecco for $5. Nothing better for a Sunday!We came upon this place while trying to walk off a heavy brunch at The Breakfast Club.  We walked in expecting to find a tiny space, but instead the place just kept opening up into new rooms, and finally out onto a huge patio!  Even though the space was huge, they still managed to keep it cozy somehow.  We opted to sit outside since it was one of the few great weather days in PHX.  Our server was soooo nice and attentive.  He new we were only getting a couple of glasses of prosecco, but he still let us know about specials for the next time we came back.  He made a great recommendation for the bubbles, and kept our waters filled the whole time.  He was attentive, but without being obtrusive.  All the other employees said hello and thank you as well, which I always appreciate.I'll definitely be returning to 5th and Wine for more of the bubbly, and to try their wonderful looking menu.
4	Real surprise. Nice informal place. Good staff. Good food. Fair prices. The winning dish was the Tuesday night special fried chicken. Burger was the runner up. Will be back for sure. Oh yea,street parking.Nice find for casual dining.
5	The Specialty entree's are my favorites and bring me back time and time again. The Salmon and the Rib Eye are both so reasonably priced, yet are both as good as it gets! Former chef from Flemming's makes this possible. The style and atmosphere are comfortable, yet can make for a special night. I suggest Simon Crown for the entertainment. Their website will tell you when he's on. Simon is like a smooth operator on the keyboard w/ calming bass notes. He looks like Charles Barkely, but has a style and voice that Prince would envy.
1	Hands down one of the worst cocktails I ever had anywhere!!!Went to this places on a Saturday evening with a few friends after dinner!Asked waiter for some cocktail recommendations...4 of us got the espresso Martinis!they had the cheapest lousiest Vodka (tasted like turpentine)! Another buddy ordered a White Russian & he was complaining of the same thing. When we brought this up to waiter he did absolutely nothing! The six of us closed our tab & left after this experience & will never go back!
5	I've been to 5th & Wine several times now for business meetings and cocktails with professional peers.  Great setting & ambiance. On street free parking is typically plentiful within a block or two.  Fantastic happy hour with a HH menu, and discounted beverages.  They have a nice craft beer selection. The servers have always been accommodating in giving a taste of a particular brew before committing to a pint, and the music & artwork are interesting, stimulating and refined, without being obnoxious or over-bearing.In particular, Corey (sp?) and Joe have been excellent and remembered me each time I've returned.  Makes you feel welcomed and appreciated as a patron.All in all, this is a very comfortable, mature adult place to meet or eat and I feel equally relaxed in jeans & a tee, or a shirt & tie. I like that easy versatility in a bar-resto concept.
4	Honestly, I really would give this restaurant a 3.5 star rating, but since I can't do that, I am bumping it up to 4 for a couple reasons. First of all, my group of 6 decided to come to 5th and wine because I've been eying this place on yelp for awhile and they were the only restaurant to have an open reservation on NYE at 8pm. I am really glad we ended up coming here because it was a nice, low key place to spend dinner New Year's Eve. I loved the vibe in this place. From the live music, to the wine selection, to the cute dog artwork on the walls, I loved it all. I boost up my rating based on the above mentioned vibe, but also because of the great service. Our waiter was so nice and gave great wine suggestions. He even brought my friend a taste a wine she was deciding on. I had the prosciutto panini with side salad for dinner, which was fine, nothing too special. My Husband had the special of the day, beef borginoun, which he loved. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal, but it didn't seem like it blew anyone away, hence my 3.5 rating. Either way, I will for sure consider going back because I just loved the atmosphere and the great service!
5	I was in late on a week day evening. Staff was attentive and knowledgeable. The wine list is unique and varied. I had the butternut squash soup which was superb. My friends ordered a cheese plate that seemed to be perfect. Ambiance is loud, vibrant, and bustling. Good option in Old Town for some wine with friends or a date.
5	I have been to Fifth and Wine twice, and I had great experiences both times. The first time was for drinks after my graduation from ASU in May. I had a group of about ten people, and we sat in the comfy couches in the back. I had already eaten dinner, so all I had was wine. The wine was $5 a glass during their happy hour, which was a pretty sweet deal. We got great service, ambience, and drinks, so I decided to go back.I was back a few weeks ago with my sister for lunch, and the food was FANTASTIC! We decided to split a bottle of sauvignon blanc, the cheese plate, and the plate of four bruschettas. Everything was marvelous! The cheese plate had figs, ciabatta slices, and three types of cheeses (I can't remember the cheeses we chose). The best part of the meal was the bruschetta, which I've listed below in no particular order.1. Mozzarella, tomato, basil, balsamic vinagrette2. Proscuitto, fig, mascarpone, tomato3. Smoked salmon, creme fraiche, capers, onions, dill4. Hummus, saffron oilFor dessert, we split the cheesecake with berries and the brownie dessert. The cheesecake was creamy and delicious, but the brownie stole the show. It was one of the best brownie desserts I've ever had! It was chewy, soft, and rich, and was topped with a heaping scoop of vanilla ice cream.Overall, I would definitely visit 5th and Wine again for the great food and service. Keep it up!
4	It was New Year's Eve, and we were sort of unexpectedly in AZ...My husband and I decided that we would go out for an early dinner , go back to the hotel and chill and then check out the 10pm comedy show nearby.  We had passed 5th and Wine earlier that day as we explored the area and thought it would be a cute, sexy place we should check out later, and here came our window of opportunity.We arrived about 5...which was great b/c it was happy hour: $5 glasses and special prices on some of their appetizers.  We were seated immediately, not at the best table (near the kitchen door and exit to the outdoor patio area) considering the place was relatively empty except  for a table of ten sitting right next to us.We sat for a few minutes deciding on what to order and wondered why no one was coming over to us.  Eventually, we flagged down a person who happily took our order...I think we were in between shifts, and with NYE...things were probably just ramping up, so we'll cut them some slack on the timing of the service and food.We started with wine, obviously, as well as some appetizers:  Smoked Salmon Bruschetta, Brie, fig and apples bruschetta and the roasted pepper, goat cheese Bruschetta.  They were all SO very good.  The bread crisped, but not overly so.  I enjoyed the flavor combinations of all the choices, though I have to say the goat cheese and salmon were my favorites.  I found the roasted peppers fresh and bursting with bright flavors; not muddled. We decided that since we hadn't eaten all day, and probably wouldn't later, we'd also order soup; he the chicken tortilla and I the butternut squash.  His soup, at first bite, was hearty, warm and rich in flavor; much better than the tortilla soup he had had the night before at The Greene House.  There were nice chunks of chicken swimming in a thick, luscious pool of deep Mexican flavors and a haystack of tortilla chips piled high just the way he likes it.  My butternut squash soup was WAY too sweet.   However, the flavor of the fresh roasted squash fought it's way through the sickly sweet brown sugar and kept me going back for more; though I did have to add the crackers to add aspects of texture and salt.Our entrees arrived after requesting that they slow down; we wanted to enjoy the evening and a small band was beginning to set up.  He order the House Roasted Turkey Panini with a fried egg on top and seasoned fries on the side.  It looked great, though I declined a bite...I had a whole plate of little egg noodles drenched in picatta sauce sitting right in front of me.  As an avid cook, I found it overly comforting when I looked down at my plate and  saw what almost looked like something I had made!  The chicken was pounded to perfection...not too thin at all and evenly cooked.  Typically when I do this dish at home, i would toss in some fresh spinach, however, the fresh green beans they used added a nice textural crunch to the dish; and the fried capers scattered atop the chicken was a nice twist, though I would have liked more capers in the actual sauce.  Speaking of which, the sauce was light, lemony and brothy; not thickened or mounted with butter; which was a refreshing interpretation of picatta.Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed the great flavors of the food, the sexy ambiance and funky paintings and friendly service...we'd definitely go again when we return to Scottsdale.
4	They now carry a perfectly servicable New Zealand sauvignon blanc, added some mood lighting, have an excellent happy hour menu and have expanded their bruchetta offerings (try the hummus...it's outrageous). Happiness.
1	Started out nice.  Seated right away on a Sunday for lunch. The menu seemed limited and generic.Once we ordered we took a look around at all of the art work and were immediately offended by the "Last Supper" picture with dogs in place of the people staring me in the face.Don't understand why the owner would hang offensive art work like that and alienate potential customers.Won't be back.
4	Despite having about as many restaurants per capita as is physically possible, Old Town offers up a pretty meager selection of wine bars (and good Mexican food but that's a topic for another time!).  Luckily, 5th and Wine has upped the ante since taking over from Fine's Cellar and is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots:The good:-Perfect for just drinks, appetizers, full meal, large group, date night, etc.-Fantastic bruschetta and appetizers pair well with the vino-Good wine selection and price points-Fantastic HH specials with $5 glasses and $20 bottles-Excellent service-Live music on the weekends, nice patioThe bad:-Appetizers are definitely their forte, entrees have been hit and miss-I had a prime rib bbq sandwich that had more salt in it than the Dead Sea...and I eat salt like it's a part time job.  They were very nice about replacing it with something else though and at no charge.Overall a solid 4 and I'll definitely be back.
4	Enjoyed a nice Saturday afternoon at 5th & Wine......Steve our bartender was awesome! Very personable. We very much enjoyed the butternut squash soup....as well as the tortilla soup...but if I had to do over, butternut FOR SURE! What I love about the Bruschetta is that the bread is soft in the middle and crunchy on the outside. I love that the bar is small and quaint...then behind you there's an entire dining room that is just waiting to fill...and even when it does, you still feel like you're at a small quaint wine bar. Wine selection was great...and you also have a "favorite list" to pick from that the General Manager picked himself! We enjoyed ourselves so much, we signed up for the wine tasting next Tuesday....stay tuned for an updated review :-)
4	3.75 stars:  The setup and attentive service are what makes this place standout especially in Old Town.  It has a good mix of bar, dining, and lounge areas and on many nites there's live music.  It's got a big patio as well.  The wine selection isn't very unique or broad but it's probably suffice for the majority of the people in the Phoenix area.  The Apps are ok as am not a fan of the bruschetta but the mozz/pesto plate is solid.  Have tried a few other dishes including the chicken and dumplings which were pretty good.Overall, the food and drinks are ok but the service and ambience make this a place i commonly recommend to checkout.
2	oh 5th and wine, i like your name, but it felt more like 5th and whine....the service was terrible.  very very slow...after dropping off the tab we tried to get the waiter's attention for 30min, to no avail, so ended up having to pay cash so we could leave.  the art on the walls was cool though.  and my grilled cheese sandwich was good, but the dressing on my salad tasted like dish water, which was awkward.  i wouldn't go back, there are so many restaurants in that area to choose from, i recommend choosing another one.
5	Hey, this may be a poor man's Postino, (I wouldn't know, I haven't been there yet) But this place is GOOD.Wine, good, and always a great special during happy hour:bonus. Food, very good. Service, attentive, conversational, not snobby (in Scottsdale, you should get some sort of medal for that) I had a fried egg sandwich the first time I went. Amazing. Fries....they may in fact be what the bible refered to when it said: Manna rained from heaven. They are that good. Dusted with garlic, parsley, grated peccorino, lemon zest, and some other equally addictive goodness. Second visit, had a burger. Cooked perfectly, topped with bacon, fried egg, wonderful artisian lettuce. MMmmmm. Both times, had a great red wine. Can't make this man happier than to serve him a solid deep bodied red wine with his meal, and 5th was definitely up to par on that end.Also both times, had their bruschetta plate, Tried different flavor combos both times...Memorable favorites were the steak and horseradish, and chicken salad. The sweet ones like apple and honey with cheese were a hit with the girls.Gotta say I am a big fan of this place. Gets noisy on Friday nights, but what the heck, it's a bar with live music in Scottsdale, duh. In all, highly recommended.
4	$5 glasses of wine. Need I say more? Ok. I'll elaborate ;)Amazing butternut squash soup. UH-MAY-ZING. I couldn't eat the whole thing because it was really rich, but enjoyed the few bites that I took and thank Gabi M. for the awesome recommendation. I noticed that they have a tasty sounding minestrone, but it include sausage, thought this was odd, but don't know much about Italian soups, so maybe it's not that nonsensical? Post soup I had a tasty salad with grilled chicken. I'd say the salad to chicken ration was just a touch off, tons of greens, not much protein. However the veggies were fresh and crisp and it wasn't so overly dressed to a point that I felt bad eating a salad. There are a slew of other menu options including paninis, a burger that sounded killer and a nice looking dinner menu as well. Know Before You Go:Call, make a reservation, and ask to sit outside. Period. If the weather warrants it, it's beautiful, and much more interesting than the interior.
5	Thank you 5th and Wine, you are always there to satisfy my every craving! And yesterday I had a yearning, yearning, yearning for a delish Grilled Chicken Sandwich unlike no other.  This is one special sandwich, hearty enough to satisfy, but healthy enough to walk away from the table feeling good about yourself (especially if you skip the fries and do the side salad).  I digress, what makes it so special you ask? How about caramelized onions, grilled chicken and roasted red peppers covered with provolone and nestled on a bed of arugula and radiccio on a toasted Brioche bun.
3	The place is pretty cool and agree with many of the reviews.Had the pumpkin soup....very good and worth a try.This place is expensive.  $6 beers....well, that's $8 with tax, tip.  ouch.  Expect to pay $50 for few beers and simple meal.
5	Another great visit and another great beef bourguignon! One day I will try something different. Maybe next time. We'll see. Our service was spot on as usual and the food was hot and delish. Drinks were always full and our server was professional, friendly, and not intrusive at all. The music of Ivan Harshman was perfect. He's very talented singer/guitar player. First time we've heard him. I'll definitely come back for another Ivan night. Calamari was perfect, cheese plate was fresh and the goat cheese was creamy and wonderful. 5th and Wine burger was amazing according to son and hubby who shared since the burger is really big. Beef Bourguignon was melt-in-your mouth bits of heaven. There was a nice array of ice cream choices including caramel and mint chocolate chip for dessert which was an evening special. So yummy.But I think next time I'm going to make an effort to try something new. That beef calls my name but I shall try to resist....
3	The menu had a nice variety of choices. It was a little too loud to carry on much of a conversation. Got a bit of a surprise when I got the bill and the 2 tiny bottles of diet coke that I had were $5.50. What a rip off! I know it is a wine place, but I don't drink it and did not want to be a party pooper to the rest of the group who love it! The antipasto was ok, the bruschetta was really good, and the fried pickles were a treat. I would definitely go back!
4	Great ambience and good food. They have extensive wine list and  simple tasty menu. Great for big groups and have outside patio seating as well. Beef bourguinon was awesome but the fried pickles I can do without. We also ordered fried calamari and the dipping sauce was delish.
4	came here for a little wine and dinner with violeta h. the other night. what a cute place! the decor is adorable and comfortable. chairs are soft and comfy and the place is low lit but not too dark where you can't see your dining companion.happy hour ends at 6 here, so get in while you can so you can try some of their more expensive wines for only $5 a glass. i really recommend the marietta zinfandel. it was so smooth and flavorful. appetizers are also around the $5 mark during happy hour. i dont recommend the prosciutto wrapped breadsticks. they were alright, just kind of awkward. dinner is reasonably priced and they offer all sorts of things from large entrees to paninis and salads. the paninis are excellent and come with your choice of a side (soup/salad). the butternut squash soup was so creamy and rich, i could have kept eating it all night.service was fast, friendly and attentive. loved our waitress. she was like a water ninja and she was really great about not rushing us and letting us catch up a bit.they did have live music which i wasnt too fond of. it was a little too loud and not really my speed. other than that the whole evening was really enjoyable and i'd definitely come back here again to hit up that happy hour.
3	I've been visiting, and thinking, and visiting again, and thinking, and finally, after a long deliberation, I am ready to issue a verdict. Ruling: It's OK and a worthy stop in Scottsdale for a pre-dinner beverage. Sure, I could front load my review with spicy adjectives, overinflated superlatives, some forced humor, and throw on an added star and hope for a ROTD (come on, don't pretend that you don't know the formula), but I am not selling my stars for a day on the big screen. If it's been said once, twice, and even thrice, need I repeat it? Yes, because it is true -- this is not Postino, and for that matter, this is not Kaz. It is a good, local spot to grab a glass of wine, maybe even with your mom, who may not be hip enough to chill at Postino on Central (which really requires little hipness, I mean they let me in), or your dad, who may not be able to read in the dark at Kaz, or maybe for that friend from Gilbert, who you know, wants to walk the wide straight path of predictability. Predictability isn't bad...in this case, that means a good wine selection (could rotate more), full bar, usually one good draft or two out of 5, decent cocktails, and decent food. The food is not really what you come for. The bruschetta is sub par, but the salads are above par. And, I have to add, hummus with no flat bread or pita?? No. No pita for you! Service runs from friendly (read, management) to disillusioned and inattentive. The latter tends to happen if you sit outside. The last time I was in, I think grapes were crushed, olives were pressed, and chickpeas were ground...at least they could have been. Often they have live music too, which runs from the somewhat awkward jazz guy who keeps talking to you to the Motown wedding singer -- which on at least one occasion brought out near Elaine Benes-style dancing -- now that was worth the visit and waiting for the grape crushing.
4	I cant say enough about this place. I love the simple yet elegant food. Prices are ok. Wine is fantastic! Excellent atmosphere. Helpful wait staff. And yes, the butternut squash soup is to die for! Only regret is that I wished they toasted their bruschetta bread. Too soggy.
3	There are many mixed feelings about 5th and wine. the food is good. nothing spectacular, but not bad either. it is a little overpriced for the food, but it is fresh, just like the hangover from some of the staff. the staff is very friendly but you can tell they party. a lot.the ginger snaps at the bar are a refreshing change to peanuts or other nonsense like that. the happy hour is great with 5 dollar wines. drunk comes quickly with this price. the wifi is awesome and fast as it should be. the music is typically not bad, though occasionally there is a weird song from some obscure 90 year old artist that should not be covering justin beiber. one gripe. the kitchen staff. they are way too loud. this is a true quote, "i havent slept for four f***in days, man. i feel like shit. i dont know what the f*** is the matter with me." this was heard very loudly into the restaurant. of course, this is common at some places, but it shouldnt be as though i were part of the conversation and it shouldnt happen here. apart from that, the servers are really nice, though sweat alcohol. there are a lot of old people who frequent here, but that is not a drawback.
4	The food, service and ambience were great.  The only bad part about it was the noise.  It was loud on a Saturday night.  The menu has many great choices.  I'd like to return to try some other things.  The bruschetta options were terrific, including fig, prosciutto, and caprese.  I had the Saturday night special which was the chicken pot pie.  It was a terrific meal with great vegetables, crust and meat.  Sean, our server, was really a great host.  The music was fun, but a little on the loud side.
5	This was the first stop of many on bachelorette party limo excursion. We stopped in with a rambuncious group of about 20 inebriated ladies and it was definitely time well spent! We ordered several plates of mixed bruschetta (I loved the filet and horseradish one best, but then again, I AM a self-professed carnivore!) and I had a panini with fig, brie, and prosciutto. The panini was accompanied by a large mass of garlic shoestring fries which were a big hit with the masses, and even though the mixed drinks can get a little pricey (as is the Scottsdale way), I highly enjoyed several of their $2 a glass wine special - especially considering it was prime drinking time on a Saturday night in Old Town. The waiter was AWESOME and he made sure we all had our seperate checks in order and were all well taken care of. I would definitely come back to this place over and over again!
4	Great happy hour by the way.  Was there on a walking tour of Scottsdale after the Scottsdale Art Fair and the day was too beautiful to sit inside.  Wound up craving a patio and bounded for 5th and Wine.  The bruschettas are delicious (on the smallish side, but aside from Postino's some of the best I've had).  The wine list is great (plus its $5.00 at HH prices).  The chicken sandwich was huge but not great.  Stick with wine and bruschetta at sunset.  There is often live music, either there, or just around the corner that you can listen to and do some people watching.
2	I had high hopes for this restaurant.  However, they ended once I was greeted at the door by a very unfriendly hostess.  I had a reservation and had made it over a week in advance.  Well, we arrive 10 minutes prior and are seated at a table that was very awkwardly placed, and literally a foot away from what would be another couple.  I asked to be moved, as we wanted more privacy than this, and there were many other open tables.  However, our request was not granted.  So fine, we tried to make the most of it.  However, this was then followed up by a very unfriendly waitress, who went right along with hostess' attitude.  The food was very good, and over priced. I would say, go if you are getting a good deal on happy hour wine, but stick to wine and skip the food.  Maybe a place just for drinks, but even then, the wine list was not all that impressive, and I would recommend going down the street to Kazimierz or Postino's.
4	This place is a great little gem in Old Town. Although parking is always a little tough (as it is everywhere in Old Town) the food is definitely worth it.My fiance and I went to 5th and Wine on a whim one night and were very pleasantly surprised! The restaurant is always busy but we have always been seated quickly and the service is great. We have taken several out of town guests here and they are always pleased with our choice.They have a nice drink menu- personally i recommend the pomegranate martini as it is delicious (and strong!). They have a full bar and will also make any drink that is not on the menu. The bruschetta is an absolute MUST! All of the flavors are yummy but the goat cheese tomato jam is my favorite.All in all it is a great place for date night and dinner out with friends or family.
3	I really like this place.  The food, drinks, and wine are always delicious.  The service is great,  but I can't get over how loud they play the live music on Friday and Saturday nights.  The music itself is fun and provides a great feeling, but don't plan on being able to have a conversation if you're in the main room while they pump it in on a speaker.
4	Great atmosphere, and it is a bit loud.  Food was good, service good, and they do have good beer too!  (I'm not a wine drinker)  Since the Pink Pony closed, I've been looking for a new favorite; this might be it!
5	They automatically get 5 stars for having Abita beer on tap!!!!  Bruschetta is amazing, and the butternut soup is delicious.  All the food I've had is great, the happy hour is amazing, and I want to live on the patio here.  Highly recommended - organized a large happy hour here and they were right on top of the reservation and the service.
1	I know why they have 5th in their name (the street they are on) but not sure why they even have Wine in their name....the wine list is terrible!  My wife couldn't find one decent wine to have so we ordered one cocktail and left immediately.  Very unusual atmosphere, definitely not a place to watch the pretty people.  I felt like we were at a Steak & Ale.
4	I thought the food here was lovely. Ambiance? Also quite lovely... except for one thing. I mean this in the nicest possible way, but please, please, PLEASE move those neon dog paintings off of your walls and into a Lisa Frank-inspired music video. Utterly insane. Anyhoo, my friends and I were just in the mood for a light bite since we had just come from an Elite event down the street, but we tried the French fries (recommended by our server), which are seasoned with lemon, garlic, cheese and chili flakes. I thought they were awesome. We also had a mix of bruschetta, and all of them were totally solid for snacking. There are a half dozen or so options, including the following delicious ingredients (not necessarily all together, of course): apples and brie, peppercorn steak, roasted peppers, goat cheese, figs, tomato jam, prosciutto. Plus, the standard balsamic, tomato, basil and mozzarella version. We scarfed them all.We had quite enough to drink earlier in the evening, so sadly I wasn't in the mood for wine so I can't really speak to that. As you can tell from the name, the place specializes in vino, but they boys ordered beer and we did think the beer prices were a bit high.
3	Went here with my sisters for a late lunch and had an awesome time.  The back patio was so secluded and relaxing, we could have stayed there for hours.  Our server had awesome wine suggestions that went well with our meals, which were d-lish.  The bruschetta is by far the star of the show.  Very tasty and so many options.
4	Wow!  Attended a little shin dig here and they had a table full of appetizers out...not one thing was bad.  Only problem was the amount they considered enough for 30 people wasn't enough.  Other than that had a nice feel and great food.
5	This is my favorite place in old town to eat.  Its not pretentious and doesn't require you to pull up in a Benz.  Park around the corner, walk on up and have a delicious meal with the real people at 5th and Wine.  Its worth it.I've yet to have a meal here that I didn't like.  Their bruschetta is delicious and creative.  The Shriener's Sausage Pasta is perfectly balanced (and I don't typically even like sausage!).  The Burger with a fried egg on it is the best burger I've ever had (whyyy does it have to be so dang goooood?).  Don't even get me started on chicken salad...  DelishI work in Scottsdale and bring all my collegues in when they are in from out of town.  I can't even tell you how many times I've been asked by out of towners that want to go back again: "Lets go to that wine place that we went to last time..."  We had a group event through work once with 40 people and they took great care of us in a private dining area.I've been lucky enough to attend 2 of 5th's special event wine dinners and the dishes prepared for the dinners were SPECTACULAR.  If you have an opportunity to attend one make sure you do!Happy Hour is great and its lovely on the patio.  Staff is very nice - Cinder behind the bar is a sweetheart!Keep it up 5th and Wine!
4	Cool environment. Manages to be both trendy and casual. You can go wearing jeans or a suit and not stand out either way.
5	Whether I want a salad or pasta or steak, I can always find something great at 5th & Wine. The bartender always suggests the right wine. There is even a room for private parties. My friend hosted a birthday party there and it was just intimate enough so we felt like we were very special. Great spicy fries - I crave them at times!
4	Had to write an update after my most recent experience here but to be honest I am not sure why I only gave them 3 stars in the first place.  I went here with a group of ladies to celebrate a birthday and we got 1 of each of the bruschettas as well as the cheese board and a couple bottles of wine.  The whole thing came out to be surprisingly affordable and even more so since my sister had purchased a group-on.  We took over the couches in the center of the restaurant and had a very enjoyable evening.  Our server was great and put up with our indecisiveness and they even allowed us to bring in homemade birthday cupcakes.They also have great food for lunch.   Soups, salads, and panninis are all delicious and make it worth coming even if you can't partake of their fantastic wine list.  Their patio has tons of shade umbrellas and misters that really do their job and so it can be very enjoyable to sit out there, even in the summer.
4	Love this place! It's like Norm's bar from Cheers. The people are very friendly and the food is excellent. Good value! Love the seasoned french fries and marinated grilled chicken sandwich. Yummm! They also have an excellent happy hour with half price bruchetta and $5 glasses of wine. A fun place to go with friends.
4	5th and Wine is one of my favorite restaurants here in the valley. I get to feel trendy and upscale in a relaxed, comfortable environment. I have yet to find something on the menu I don't love. Among the best items on the menu (in my personal opinion) are the Seasoned Fries (explained to me as 'crack' fries the first time I visited, because of how awesome they are), bruschetta plates, chicken pesto pasta, and white sangria. I have almost always had amazing service at 5th and Wine but had to refrain from giving 5 stars because of the service I have had twice with a specific waitress, and sometimes the live music tends to drown out any conversation I would want to have over a glass of wine or dinner.If you can get there for happy hour there are $5 glasses of wines, $20 bottles, and deals on appetizers.
5	I had seen several things online and around the city about 5th and Wine and I had also walked by it a few times before, one of those times hearing a great singer covering Damien Rice. Usually I don't want bands in my restaurants of bars, but I am HAPPY to listen to this guy anytime, and he's there a lot.My bf and I were going to meet our friends there for dinner and drinks. None of us had been there before and on my way I started to wonder if they take reservations and if we were in for a long wait. I called in and they said yes they do recommend resos on weekend nights and I said, well 4 of us will be there in a half hour and he said, we'll put ya down and come find the manager Scott at the front when you get here. Great! That was encouraging. My bf and I got there first and we found Scott to let us know we were there but we'd grab a drink until the other half of our party arrived. I grabbed a White Sangria and my bf got a Sleep Dog Leg Humper Hefeweizen, awesome name. Scott came over about 5 minutes after to ask if our party was almost here because he has an open table for us. I told him they weren't here yet and thanks for checking in and go ahead and seat someone in front of us. Then the other half of us arrived, I let Scott know, and he said they were clearing and table and in a few minutes it would be ready. A few minutes later they took us to our table and apologized for the wait. Are you kidding me? They were SO ACCOMMODATING and I'm from LA, this is no wait. Once my whole party was there we might have spent 5 minutes waiting and really it wasn't waiting but saying our hello's. So courteous, I love this staff.We chatted over some good food and good drinks. The waiter was attentive but not interrupting our conversation. We were put in the back room, which was unfortunately away from the singer but it was a little quieter for us to chat. I want to head back here for happy hour soon and maybe bring my parents when they visit.
4	no wine on my visit...but YES YES YES to delicious prosciutto/fig bruschetta!!! We had the Monday special breaded pork with pasta and arugula and some white sauce! For desert the chocolate brownie that was good but still the star was that bruschetta!.The place is really nice and well decorated. Good for wine and snacking on bruschettas. Personnel was very kind and friendly.
4	My fiance and I stopped here for a quick snack, and what a perfect place!  We had some bruschetta, and while I wasn't a fan of all of the different types (I ordered a dish with horseradish, and I should've known better), I was very impressed with the presentation and the friendly staff.  We will be back for a dinner at some point.
5	Such a great atmosphere!  An amazing burger with killer fries and a garlic aioli sauce.  What stood out most was the superb customer service.  Cori  was an absolute joy.  She was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu  and super friendly.  Thanks so much to the entire staff!  We never wanted for anything.Highly recommend 5th and Wine, and definitely worth a return visit!
5	This place was great.  Right up my alley as far as places on the nicer end (if I had to categorize establishments - upper end of casual I suppose).  5th and Wine is not loud with music or anything overbearing.  They did have two musicians playing guitars and singing 70's covers and those guys were great.  We first ate some bruschetta for appetizers.  I never knew bruschetta could be all these wonderful different ways.  (Am I sheltered, or was I just used to my moms typical bruschetta with tomatoes and basil).  My favorite bruschetta was with the prosciutto. LOVED IT.  The Bruschetta with the peppercorn-crusted steak was equally as good (but the prosciutto ranks as my favorite because I eat steak more often than I have prosciutto, hence the reason prosciutto gets the edge).  Anyway, the bruschetta alone is reason to go and I will go back just to sit at the bar and have some appetizers.  The other two bruschetta's we had was the Roasted Peppers  and Brie, and the 4th was the Apple and Brie.  ALL 4 were YUM.The dinner I ended up getting was the Beef Bourguignon (Julia Childs' "Beef, Wine, Bacon, Mushroom Stew" over egg noodles)  Note: Served Friday (after 4pm)  ...this dish was excellent as well.  The atmosphere was nice and the staff was friendly (our waitress was extremely down to earth and cool).  Prices were fair and just like the guy narrating the YouTube link below said "moderately priced".  That's a fair and true statement and given that the food is very good, factoring in everything (quality of food, service, atmosphere), you get what you pay for but I'm going to give extra credit because this place keeps it real and doesn't try too hard unlike other places.I highly recommend this place to you.  I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed.  I gave it 5 *****'s because I have no reason to give it anything less based on my first and only visit.Side note: There is another half of the establishment used for private parties and functions that can be reserved/rented out ...or I think our waitress said it could be used for overflow seating provided it's not rented out.  Good to know.Here's the menu for your reference:http://www.5thandwine.com/food-menu...and additionally here's a link on YouTube where you can catch a glimpse of the interiors and outside: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ARuiWHn6og
4	This place was marvelous! I went with a girlfriend for happy hour and I had a fantastic time.They have a LARGE list of wine options that were all on happy hour ($5 a glass). We had the Shiloh, a cab. I loved it. We also had some appetizers- we got a cheese plate and a couple pieces of bruchetta. The cheese plate portions were perfect, the cheese was mouth watering and they served it with pistachios and figs! Yum! The Bruchetta was equally as delightful- we ordered the apple/brie and the prosciutto. Both were so great, i think i liked the prosciutto a little more because there was a little more of a contrast in salty/sweet tastes. However, i wouldnt hesitate to order the apple/brie again, it was awesome! They also give you very healthy samples of any of the wines you want to taste before ordering a glass:)The ambiance was great- trendy, alive but relaxed. There is a LOT of space in this place, its quite deceiving from the outside. There is a giant chalkboard that also boasts upcoming events which has definitely enticed me to attend several of them! There is a wines of the world tasting coming up and Date Night on Sundays! As we were leaving a local musician was just gearing up to play, i am sad we missed it but I will plan to go back and check out the kind of music they have in there. It is a little pricier for most things, but you definitely pay for what you get! Its worth it!I am really excited about this place, fantastic service, great wine selection, and wonderful food! I will be going back for sure!
4	I have just relocated to Scottsdale and eager to find a great wine bar and/or restaurant with a great wine list...and 5th and Wine was the one place that everyone recommended, so I was eager to check it out!I decided to check it out one night after work, and asked a few co-workers for some delish food choices to try...the bruschetta was the one to try!I loved the ambiance, very social atmosphere, nice bar scene and small tables, but they also had another room for tables further away from the bar which was more chill and quiet atmosphere.  I was quickly seated at a nice table in the more quiet area, and could scope out the scene. I started with a delish glass of Charles LaFitte - Brut France sparking...which for $9 was a deal and refreshing!I quickly scanned the menu for the bruschetta and my mouth started to water with the selections.  I opted for the prosciutto/fig/marscapone bruschetta and the standard mozzarella/tomato/basil bruschetta!  Both were totally delicious!  The bread was lightly toasted and a bit soft...not like your typical "crunchy" bread bruschetta...which I actually enjoyed more than I thought I would.  I ordered the Beef Bourguignon Julia Childs' "Beef, Wine, Bacon, Mushroom Stew" over egg noodles...for $16.96...again, a total deal and totally tasty!  The beef melted in my mouth and the mushroom and sauce was hearty and flavorful!All in all, the meal was wonderful, and the service was great - very attentive staff - Jonathan, my waiter, was super personable. I also met Scott Yanni, one of the owners, who came over to see how my meal was...and he was very gracious when I told him that I just relocated here and was very happy to find his restaurant as one of my new favorites!I will definitely be back for more of their great menu and tasty libations!
4	I've been here several times for happy hour.  They have a good selection of wines at a reasonable price.  The brushetta is solid.  I'd like to actually have dinner here some night because their regular menu looks interesting.
5	Another 5 star visit to 5th and Wine this past Saturday night! Went out with friends to celebrate a birthday and of course we were not disappointed.I know I said last time I would try something new but damn that beef bourguignon is good....I promise myself though, next time I go, I'm getting the chicken pot pie. Birthday girl got it and I had a taste...O.M.G. the crust was flakey and the stuffings were absolutely AMAZING!Husband had the 5th and Wine burger as did another friend. That is really an amazing burger. It is just perfect. Appetizers included the fried pickles, the cheese platter and the antipasto and each was delicious and served at perfect temperature. Our drinks were kept filled and the alcohol was flowing...well except for me...pregnant lady enjoyed her iced tea though! :) My hubby and a friend enjoyed rum and cokes and actually had to ask for the coke can to be brought to the table so they could water down the drinks! Never had that happen before so that shows that you are definitely getting what you paid for in the drink department.We even enjoyed dessert which included a brownie sundae for the birthday girl and an ENORMOUS slice of cheesecake. The cheesecake was so big I thought we were eating at Claim Jumper! Service was perfect as always--attentive, friendly, and never intrusive. Hot food came out hot and cold food came out cold. Dishes were cleared promptly which is something that is important to me. I hate when the dirties are just left sitting there. Great music, great fun, fabulous food...again, why have you not eaten at 5th and Wine? I can't wait to go back!
5	Our server was super nice, he held the door open for us and was very welcoming.  They have meatloaf on Sundays that is awesome! The Chicken picatta is super yummy too.
3	I went here tonight with the BF as we had a groupon and it was pretty good. The restaurant was just about empty tonight, which was a little odd, but not necessarily a bad thing. The place is really cute and not what I expected it to look like... it is quite large and has big chairs and couches with their tables. We started with two types of bruschetta, the prosciutto and fig and the brie and apple. I would definitely say that this was pretty meh. They used way too much prosciutto and the bread was too chewy of a bread for a bruschetta, making it hard to take a bite. The brie one was alright, but again, the bread was not the best choice. It doesn't even compare to postino.... sorry guys. So, the main dishes were the best part of the meal by leaps and bounds. I got the tomato and basil panini.  I thought it was really good, it had a lot of basil and they use little tiny (maybe cherry?) tomatoes instead of chopped up larger tomatoes, which I liked a lot. They used burrata cheese, which is always delicious, and some balsamic vinegar. Overall, it was really good! It also comes with a choice of side, and I got the butternut squash soup on the (very nice and attentive) waiter's recommendation. I pretty much never go for squash soups.... but I am so glad I did because this one was delicious! It was so cute too because they used some kind of cream to make a saguaro cactus in my soup! Awesome! The BF got the meatloaf which was suuuuper good. Not as good as the one from Eddie's house, but veery tasty. It had a ketchup and red wine sauce on top that made it kind of homey and really savory. It came with these green beans and onions that had a great peppery sauce on them.... really good. It also came with mashed potatoes which I thought were kind of meh, but complemented the meatloaf well. So then we ordered dessert... we got the brownie due to all of the raving about how good it is on yelp, I thought it would be something really special. Well.... it wasn't. It was just a brownie.... it wasn't bad, but it's not something I would want to order in a restaurant. Overall, I think their food is good, and if I had another groupon I would for sure come back, as some of the food is a little pricey, but if I came back without the deal, I would skip the bruschetta, skip the dessert, and concentrate on some tasty entrees.
5	After experiencing a whole new light to 5th and Wine, I figured it was time for an update. I ate here during Yelp Eats Week. I wanted to try out the special menu items, but some of them were a little out of my comfort zone for 5th and Wine. Typically, when I visit this adorable wine bar, I opt for a salad, a panini or bruschetta. It's just the tri-fecta I think of when I go to any wine bar. But during Yelp Eats, some other items were featured on their menu, including the Agave Salmon and pesto chicken pasta. This review will talk about the new items I tasted during my last visit. The Agave Salmon was a surprising treat! Sometimes I get bored with Salmon. It's not the menu item I dream of, but it's the one I order a lot of times when I'm watching my waistline. I decided to order the Agave Salmon from 5th and Wine. I expected your typical salmon, which it was, but then they threw me a curve ball with the Agave marinade. It was a candy-like glaze that was perfectly paired with the Salmon. I could drink a glass of this Agave marinade it was so delicious. I also tried the Pesto Chicken Pasta. It was indeed decadent and carbtastic. I wouldn't probably order it as my main dish, but it's a great dish to order for the table to everyone can have a little bite. Or if you're really in the mood for a carbo-load, order it just for you! Some other items I tried were the Parmesan french fries, prosciutto wrapped breadsticks and the hummus. All three were delicious and right up my alley. I was pleasantly surprised with the prosciutto wrapped breadstickts because typically breadsticks bore me. But when they wrapped them in my salty friend, prosciutto, it added the perfect twist to the typically boring stick. After my dinner visit to 5th and Wine, I will definitely remember to switch up my meals here and not just order the typical wine bar food from the menu.
4	I thought 5th and Wine was delicious. A friend and I decided to go during Yelp Eats Week. I had the chicken piccata and it was perfect. My friend had the pesto pasta and really enjoyed it. A lot has been said about this place but here's my two cents. Pros - great food, great service, great price  especially with the half off menuCons - The person who seated us didn't mention the Yelp Eats Menu or even give it to us - we had to ask for it. It then felt slightly embarrassing - like getting caught digging through a bargain bin. The music was obnoxiously loud. I wanted a quiet, relaxing dinner but that was not possible. It's  not enough to keep me away but it might make me reconsider what night I go there. Overall the food far outweighs anything negative. I will definitely be back.
5	My hubby and I came here for lunch yesterday afternoon.  We had been wanting to try the place out for awhile.  When it came up on Groupon-- we thought it was perfect time to give it a try.  I was pleasantly surprised by their menu.  Most wine bars have a limited menu when it comes to food.  I ordered their egg sandwich (sounds weird but it was sooo good!) and my husband had the chicken pesto pasta.  Both were so amazing!!  Waitress was super sweet and very attentive.  I like the atmosphere.  Comfy and cozy....  and they have great wine specials.  I will def have to bring my girlfriends here for a glass or two in the future!
1	One of the worst experiences I have ever had at a restaurant in my life! Everything started off OK. The live music was pretty cool but it was really loud and hard to talk over. Things started to go downhill when the waitress brought a wrong dish, never brought the right dish, forgot a glass of wine, and then brought us our check with extra things on it that we didn't order. We asked her to fix it and if she could split the check up. She came back in almost tears saying she couldn't do it and asked if we could just figure it out because she couldn't remember what everyone ordered. We then called the manager over who was not very apologetic or sincere and he asked us, "Well, what do you want me to take care of?" Your not supposed to ask, your just supposed to do it DUH! So we didn't pick anything out for him to take off, we didn't mind paying, we just wanted to pay for the right things! Then he came back after running our cards and he had charged my friend's card more than he was supposed to. We showed him this and he later came back and threw the check down and said, "I just took care of all of it". He then stormed off, not apologizing once. Worst managerial service I have ever come in counter with and the whole process took more than an hour after we had finished eating!
4	This was my first time here - I was joining my knitting guild for a knit together and was curious about their wine and food selection.  We were there in time to take part in the $5.00 a glass happy hour.  There were several to choice from, white, red and blush.  I opted for the pino grigio from Oregon - 99 West.  Very good and a quick taste of their bruschetta and french fries - both quite good.  Service was very good - the only negative was it was a very loud place - not for intimate dining.  Fun artwork on the wall for sale.
4	We went to this place on a Wednesday evening and I was surprised by how many people were there! The bar was full and most tables in the main dining room were taken. We missed happy hour, but I was still pleasantly surprised by the reasonable prices. We got a good bottle of wine for $30 which was perfect for the two of us. Our waitress immediately greeted us and asked for our drink order. We got a bruschetta appetizer, the steak was definitely the best. I ordered the tomato and mozarella panini which was delicious. It was just the right amount of food for me. My boyfriend ordered the bison burger which was more delicious and perfectly cooked medium. We both chose salads which I must say was a mistake because it left us both wanting more. Consequently we ordered a side of fries which were amazing! Definitely stick with the fries. They were heavenly and gone quickly. I will definitely revisit 5TH and Wine. It has a great atmosphere, good food, good drinks, and reasonable prices. I must say I'm a fan and look forward to the next visit!
5	I love this place! the drinks are nice and stout and are definitely not watered down. somehow I always show up on thursdays so i get the special which is the prime rib (rare). the steak is very good but at first i  questioned it not coming with au jus but don't worry it doesn't need it, it is that good. the bruschetta is the best i've had in phoenix the cheese is outstanding and the tomatoes very flavorful. i've already been here quite a few times and i seem to never get tired of it.
5	So IT IS a wine bar but we go here for the food and cocktails. Honestly, we have yet to order a bottle of wine or even peruse the wine list :l One of the reasons this place brings us back so often is the oh-so-delicious bruschetta! Just your most common bruschetta: bread, cherry tomato, basil, mozzarella version is so scrumptious! Quality moz and flavor packed toms kick this dish way up with the best of the best.To go with my meal, I order the Moscow Mule. Boy oh boy do these guys make a kick butt MM! It comes in an authentic copper mug- nice touch. For the main, I have only had the Chicken Picatta (Pan seared, green beans, egg noodles, lemon-caper butter sauce). I sub the egg noodles for bowtie. Truthfully, the 1st time was the best ever and the other times after haven't reached the yumminess I first encountered. So now I can say I'm ready to try other dishes on the menu. Until summer hit we were seated on the patio, but lately we've been seated inside. Being dog lovers I really dig the colorful, artistic dog portraits, particularly the Last Supper rendition.Oh, and as I mentioned in my quick tip: Live music Thurs-Sat. The musicians stick with fun bar type tunes that you will be sure to know.
4	Had the bison burger today.  It was excellent. One of the best burgers I've had in a while.  The seasoned fries were good and the aioli they served with them was unreal.
5	so we relax, sip from a bottle of wine, nibble on bruschetta, listen to pleasant music and test our knowledge with the trivial pursuit cards on the shelf. sometimes I wonder why we pay to go there when the whole experience could be replicated half price in the living room, quite enjoyably. But we do! This is one of my favorite places in Scottsdale, despite the fact that I don't eat meat and all we ever get is the four non-meaty bruschettas. It is just pleasant here. The happy hour deals, comfy seating and knowledgeable/fun/friendly staff make it. Plus, wine!
4	Here's why I like this place: I like wine (aka Mommy Juice). And they have lots of it. Let's face it: Postino started and leads the pack on wine bars and 5th and Wine seems to recognize that by serving some of their dishes. Which is fine with me because 5th and Wine is closer and easier to snag a table.Their homemade mozzarella is one of my favorite things. If they had a plate of just that, bread, and olive oil, i'd order it every time. The other items in the dish are just a bonus.The only reason this isn't a 5 star review is the fact that the last 3 times we've been there, our servers have not been super educated on the wines. We were totally spoiled the first time we hit this place: our server knew the wine list inside and out and recommended wines that we really liked and regularly look for, now. Since then, when we ask our servers what they recommend for different types of wine, they have had to ask the bartender and even then, the wines just haven't been on target. I get that it's a little bit hard to know every wine on a gigantic list and I have no problem with our servers asking the bartender for suggestions. But when you work at a place called 5th and Wine, you should be able to know the difference between a merlot and a zin...which one of our servers did not. I'm totally willing to give them the benefit of the doubt and continue going here- I mean, we keep trying different wines until we get one we love, so, it's a win-win.
5	This is my second time and my husband's first.  We went for lunch on a Sunday - not crowded at all. They offer the $5.00 glass of wine until 6:00.  This time around we had the cheese platter and prosciotto (sp) wrapped bread sticks (very clever!)The difference between this place and Postino's is that they have more wine to offer and more of a menu. Don't get me wrong I really like Postinos too -  I simply would not compare the too.
4	I was able to try 5th and Wine for the first time during a friend's Bachelorette dinner. The setup for her special event was great, the staff was very friendly. I had a simple dish with pasta and chicken - it was delicious! I am going to bring my husband back soon to 5th and Wine.
4	This is one of my favorite haunts...Inexpensive good wines with tasty comfort food..I had my birthday celebration here last year and it was such a wonderful experience.. Grade A service, never an issue with the tab...Try the Butternut Squash soup and of course the Bruschetta! The atmosphere is retro dinner meets living room..If you sit at the bar, talk to the beautiful & knowledgable Cindar....ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR ON SUNDAY, CAN I GET AN AMEN?!  I take all my out of town visitors here!
4	I really like the ambient in this place.... the food is always outstanding and the drinks prepared it right and nice for any kind of taste. the servers always nice and warmth and when they have the alive band is a nice going party... great for a date to impress.!!
4	Love it!  Every time I go I get a great glass/bottle of wine (depending on how many ppl I go with), prosciutto wrapped bread stick are great as always however was blown away this time by the bruschetta with brie, pears and honey!!  Amazing!  The ONLY reason this doesn't get a 5 is because there is always room for improvement - wish HH went until 7.
4	Went here with my husband for dinner and loved it. The inside of this place feels like a coffee bar. You have to try the bruschetta.. Truly amazing. We split a bison burger, which was very good, but nothing too special. The only thing about this place I didn't like was the service. The waitress we had was very passive aggressive and rude.. Not sure what her problem was. Overall a great experience, especially for anyone who likes wine.
4	This place is all about the food and service. The facilities are nice and outdoor seating is pretty good to.Food Quality - 8/10Food Flavors - 8/10Portion size - 8/10Price - 7/10... it on the higher side but not crazy expensive.I have been here a few times and will be back many more I'm sure.
4	5th and Wine has a very nice date setting.  It feels like a fun wine bar and some live soft rock type music playing.  I wish the music was a little bit less quiet, as it makes the conversation a little bit challenging.Other than that, the food and drinks were amazing.  I actually just came from having wine, so I tried their Sangria.  The white sangria had a very nice light flavor and had a nice citrus acidity.  I ordered a strawberry vinagrette salad with fresh strawberries, almonds, and chicken.   My friend raved about the wine and mushroom burger he ordered.  I rarely order vegetarian food when I am out, but I got a little taste of it, and it was very flavorful.
4	I always liked 5th and Wine because it's close to where I live and they serve a really extensive list of wines. I have had the brie panini, the beef bourguignon and the bison burger. All were very tasty. I especially like their fries which are seasoned with parsley and lemon zest. Yum! The BF loves the hummus plate with is decked out with bread, olives, cucumbers and tzatziki sauce. They have live music which is nice when it is outside. When they have it indoors, it gets so loud in the restaurant that you can't hear yourself think which defeats the purpose of going out and trying to have dinner conversation. Service is attentive and most of the servers know their wines so they can be helpful in selecting a drink to go with your dinner. I have never made a reservation and never needed to since my guests and I just walk in and we are always seated right away. But a few weeks ago when my party of 4 walked in at around 6pm , we were only offered a a general seating area with no table and was told we only had 1 hour to dine because the restaurant was booked solid! So call ahead just in case because the place does get booked up.  Great place to have a casual dinner, try a new wine and walk around Old Town.
4	Yummy, yummy. This is my second time here and the bruschetta was just how I remembered it...delicious! I live the live music, although this last time I was here they didn't have any :(  I love the casual atmosphere and while the place has several tables sat it is never too busy where service suffers. Last night, my date and I sat out on the fairly decent sized patio to enjoy our dinner. We started with 4 bruschetta (it's a must): tomato, mozzarella, & basil; roasted pepper, goat cheese, garlic; prosciutto, mascarpone cheese, figs; and the peppercorn-crusted steak with horseradish. Scrumptious!For the entree I got the portobello mushroom burger with seasoned fries, that were deliciously crispy and my date got the fried chicken special that was amazing! It came with coleslaw, potato salad, and two biscuits, one of them had bacon in it!For being a "wine bar" they have a large food menu, which is a nice touch. Four stars...for now...
4	I've been to 5th and Wine a number of times. Once for dinner and a few times for happy hour. For dinner, it wasn't my favorite. I had an entree salad that was OK, and I thought a lot of the dinner options were overpriced for what you get. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, I dunno.5th and Wine, however, is one of my favorite happy hours in town. Their bruschetta is very, very good. I especially like the apple, fig and brie with honey, and the prime rib with horseradish. The Parmesan fries are ridiculous...I always want to get two orders but don't in fear of the judgement that would meet me from the server, other patrons, the rest of the table, etc. They have a great Caesar salad on that menu as well, and it's $3...Crazy. The the happy hour menu is full of delicious options, the prices are fantastic and they also offer all of their wines by the glass for $5. I can come hungry, leave full and the tab for two people is usually around $25...Pretty sweet deal. I'm sure I'll go back and give their dinner menu another try, but in the meantime I highly recommend their happy hour.
5	Me and the Ladies (as our tab was named) were spoiled rotten by our bartender Jonathan! Seriously the service on Saturday was unbelievable. We were there for about 5 hours I believe and we had a grand ole time. I mean it was $2.00 wine by the glass day (as it was the 5th of the Month) and the bruschetta boards were as yummy as always.  Thank you so much 5th and Wine and an extra special thank you to Jonathan for putting up with us for 5 hours! You and the team ROCK!
4	Didn't go during happy hour, but here's a review for the restaurant itself.At first I sat inside with my lady, but it was really too loud and too cold. That's cool for me some nights, but I wanted it quiet.So we were seated outside, where it was warmer and quieter and had some decent live music.Staff was very friendly and food was good. Drinks were nice and strong so it was a good time!Followed the suggestions and got some bruschetta. I would also recommend it!
4	Laid back yet trendy dining spot in Old Town Scottsdale, I'm glad tried it out.  We came in on a Friday night at 8:00 and we were able to get a table right away.  We sat on the patio where they had a guy on the keyboard going to town with some jazz music, very nice ambiance.  I ordered their signature bloody Mary and it hit the spot, easy on the tomato juice, just like I like 'em.  For apps we had the tomato and basil bruschetta, the bread wasn't that great.  The menu had a nice selection of seafood, pasta and a nice steak but I settled on a burger which was cooked to perfection, very delicious.  I could only take a few bites and packed the rest to go, super huge burger.The server was quick to bring out the drinks and food but she disappeared after that.  While we were eating our meal some random guy came up to our table and sat down.  We were both too polite to tell him to leave because he meant no harm and was obviously drunk; he just sat there talking to us while we ate... awkwarrrrd.  We kept trying to flag down the server to get our tab so we could bounce out but she never looked our direction when she was visiting the other tables.  We left as quickly as possible.
5	My honey and I have been frequenting 5th and wine for the past couple months and love it. We have yet to actually sit at a table because we are scared to leave our great bartender. If you ever have the chance go, go just to meet Steve. He is awesome. Very friendly and informative about wines and the menu. He is also pretty good to look at :) I'm just getting into wine and he has been a fabulous guide and always gives great suggestions. I also have to eat gluten free now and he was extremely helpful! The steak was amazing and my honey loves all the bruschetta including the hummus one. I do not like the hummus one though. We enjoy this place and plan to keep coming back!
4	Much bigger and more impressive than it seems from the outside.  Nice seating inside and great outdoor area with live music.  Very friendly and helpful waiter- had the tortilla soup and a caesar salad- simple enough, but both were very much to my liking.  The atmosphere is very conducive to conversation and the live music was good, but not so loud as to overtake your conversation or meal.  I'll be back again, especially for the wine happy hour.
1	The general manager was incredibly rude!  Overall disrespectful attitude, threw out my first/only glass of wine and responded with "that's too bad" & topped the night off with telling our waiter to let the birthday boy know that he was aggravated because he wanted to close.  There were 5 other parties still ordering drinks in the restaurant. After all the good past experiences I have had there, unfortunately I will always remember this one.  Lost 12 customers tonight.  I Hate complainers and never pictured myself writing a bad review of anywhere but, I guess never say never.  ***The wait staff did a phenomenal job and should not be punished for the shortcomings of bad leadership.  Perhaps the general should consider learning from his troops.
4	Nice place to relax and enjoy an afternoon glass of wine in Old Town Scottsdale. Love that most wine on the "by the glass menu" is only $5! I cant even get a $5 glass of good wine in small-town Payson for that price. Ordered panini's for lunch and found these were actually more like grilled cheese sandwiches than panini's. I had the Roast Turkey and hubby had The Parma..both were tasty but on the small side for a $12 sandwich. One complaint; the cheese really wasn't sufficiently melted on either sandwich and since we were sitting on the back patio, and it was chilly in the shade, the cheese got too cold causing the sandwich to be less flavorful. However, the seasoned fries and the aioli were FANTASTIC!!! Would love a huge basket of those as an appetizer!!! Our server, John, was friendly, attentive but not overbearing..professional but not stuffy..A nice experience on a beautiful day...will return when we are down in the valley. Need to try the bruschetta that everyone raves about.
4	I really enjoyed my evening at fifth and wine. The atmosphere was great and the service was attentive! I would recommend this And would visit again!
4	What a fantastic neighborhood restaurant. The type of place that makes me want to move to old town.  And such a great Saturday night crowd! A perfect demographic mashup that felt more like Santa Barbara than Arizona.  For dinner I ordered the panini with prosciutto and caramelized onions. It was very tasty but arrived at our table a little too cold. My butternut squash soup on the other hand was piping hot and excellent. Just right for a chilly January evening. Unfortunately I was a little under the weather on this particular evening so I couldn't drink any of the wine but I am feeling better now and look forward to returning and getting a nice red wine buzz started.
4	Went with a friend for Happy Hour last night which runs from 3-6 M-F. Beer and Wells $4, glass wine $5, specialty cocktails $7 (some are usually $10). Apps run between $3-6. We tried a bunch of items: french fries (delicious), fried pickles (super crispy but extremely salty), hummus plate (delicious), and fig/brie/pear plate (disappointing under-ripe pears, lack luster dried figs). My friend got a couple beers. I opted for a Luna martini, which was tasty, and the pomegranate martini which was so medicinal tasting for some reason I couldn't finish it. They have an outdoor patio but we opted for inside where cool local art is displayed on the walls. I don't know the name of the artist, but I've seen his stuff at one of the local galleries: cartoon-esque dogs done in a bright color palette. Fun and whimsical. Service was prompt and although we made it in only 20 min before HH ended, our server made sure to come around a 2nd time to get a last min order before 6:00. After looking back at my receipt I realized downing those two drinks quickly resulted in leaving her a hefty tip. Oh well, that was smart on her part then!
1	I have heard so much about this place and i had been shopping at Scottsdale Fashion all day and wanted to have a quick bite and a glass of wine or two.  So i suggested to my friend lets go over to 5th and wine.  When we got there we walked into what seemed to be the front door.  It was not that it was a second door that walked right into a dining room where you walk through past a server station to the host stand.  This is no way for a guest to enter your restaurant.  When we reached your host stand there were three people standing there waiting to all start talking to us.  There were two of us and were asked if we wanted to sit in the dining room or the main bar area.  As we were deciding where we wanted to sit the "manager" proceeded to say "just go" as if were holding the line up behind us. There was no one else waiting.  The hostess took us to the main dining room where people were having family dinner and dates.  Very awkward for two young guys wanting to laugh and joke around with each other.  Once we were seated a lady brought us a glass of water and told us she would be back with the glass jug they leave on the table.  Never once saw that lady again while we were there.  Our server was the only one in the section and was rather busy.  He had a table of 6 and about 4 tables of 2.  He shouted from the other side that he would be right with us 15 minutes went by and he come over to the table.  We had asked a few question about some wines that i had never heard of and he put off the attitude that we were bothering him with the questions.  Once we ordered it took another 10 mines for the wine to even come to our table.  The restaurant was not that busy for it to take that long for a glass of wine to come to the table.  When the glasses of wine came to the table the server placed them down and ran off to the other tables.  We both looked at our glass and looked at each other we were disgusted.  Our glasses were covered in finger prints and made was still dirty.  it looked like it was never washed.  I waited for him to come back to the table and told him that i need a glass of wine because of the state of the glass at that point he asked if we wanted to order.  With the level of service we had received to that point we decided it would be best if we drank our wine and left.    With all the wine bars opening up around the city 5th and Wine should step the level of service.  There is no reason why we should have received such horrible service when a restaurant wasnt even half full.  I am hoping that next time i try this place it will be of better quality as i am a concierge for one of the resorts in the valley and with the level of service i received i would never recommended this to any of my guest.
4	Love the atmosphere here.The wine list is, of course, impressive. The food is great also. My hubby recommends the grilled cheese w/ white cheddar and brie. I thoroughly enjoyed my bruschetta and potato leek soup.This place is prefect for a quick drink, dinner, a night of drinking...really any occasion.
3	A solid 3.5 stars.  My husband and I went here for a late dinner last Sunday evening.  The restaurant is very cute.  The service was really slow.  It took at least 5 minutes for our waitress to come get our drink orders.  I think she was the only waitress working, but there were only 4 tables in the restaurant so that's not really an excuse!  She was also slow coming back to get our food order and bringing us the check.I got a glass of white sangria which was OK.  I'm used to sangria that has fruit in it, not just an orange wedge and a maraschino cherry garnishing the glass.  My husband got one of the specialty martini's.  I can't remember which one, but he enjoyed it.  We shared the antipasto plate and I got a small strawberry and gorgonzola salad.  Everything on the antipasto plate was really good, but for $15 I just expected a little more cheese.  There was maybe 2-3oz of cheese on the entire plate.  They let you choose 4 cheeses which is nice, but I'd almost rather choose 2 or 3 and get more!  The meats were plentiful though, and very good.  My salad was incredible.  For a small salad it was pretty big and it was delicious.  It came with honey glazed pecans on it and they gave me a lot of pecans.  We ended our meal with the chocolate mouse with raspberries.  It was pretty good, my husband seemed to enjoy it more than I did though.  I would definitely come back and give a few more of the menu items a try!
5	What can you say after 186 reviews? I'm just writing No. 187 to let you know that it is still excellent . . . 5th and Wine must be doing something right!  We sat on the patio at sunset on a warm February evening - food and wine were outstanding. Company was great. Service was attentive, but not overpowering. A place definitely worth visiting, if you are in the Old Town Scottsdale area and hungry.
5	Rolled in here on a Sunday afternoon around 4 PM. after we attended the Scottsdale Arts Festival. We didn't eat just tried 2 different glasses of red wine. The place filled up pretty quick after we arrived but yet the service was attentive and friendly. They even had happy hour pricing at $5 a glass. We sat outside which really made for a nice experience.If you haven't been yet, I would recommend it for happy hour deals.
3	Based on positive Yelper feedback we decided to give this one a whirl for Happy Hour prior to a baseball game.  I think 3 stars about says it for our crew.  Good value on the Drink Menu (especially the $5 glasses of Vino).  Service was very friendly, attentive and relaxed.Ambience was nice out on the patio.  Great weather and not too crowded.  Food was good.  Not great.  All solid.Glad we visited and enjoyed it.  Solid pick but don't know that we will rush back with so many other good options in the area.
4	My boyfriend and another couple came in a few Friday nights ago after seeing some comedy at Stand Up Scottsdale; we didn't have full meals but had a few glasses of wine and some bruschetta.  The bruschetta is absolutely to die for (we had four different kinds) and they have an extensive wine menu.  There was live music outside on the patio and the atmosphere was pretty good.  I'm not really sure why it's not a 5-star .... it's not a completely RAVE place but I definitely didn't have any complaints.  The service was very good, food was delicious and wine was tasty :)  We will definitely be going back!
2	Not overly smitten with my turkey panini which is really not a panini but grilled turkey on sourdough turkey was dry, fairly pricey,service was good
4	This is a great little place to eat.  There are three reasons that I didn't give it 5 stars:  first, the parking.  (But everyone knows that it's not easy to find parking in the heart of Old Town.)  Second, while all the food is definitely good, there hasn't been anything on the menu yet where I would say, "That's the best ____ (insert awesome food here)____ I have ever had!"  Third, the place is loud.  It was already rather loud, and then a guy started singing and playing the guitar (he was actually surprisingly good), so then patrons started speaking even more loudly to be heard over the music.My bf and I needed a quick place to eat in Old Town before going to see a band on Saturday night.  As we left our house, I went to Yelp and booked a reservation at 5th and Wine through OpenTable, which was convenient and perfect.  We got in right away, didn't have to wait.  We didn't want to eat food that was too heavy, as we were on our way out.  So we split the butternut squash soup (pretty good), strawberry gorgonzola salad (wonderful), and the the glazed salmon (pretty good as well).  One thing I do have to mention is that the service is always GREAT.  Our server was totally cool and nice, and he split everything on 2 plates without our asking and without charging us a split plate fee.  Again, the food was very good, but I can't really rave about anything.  However, I can honestly say that if you are looking for a great place to eat that is quick, courteous, and has a lot of options, 5th and Wine is a pretty good bet!  (Especially if you like to sit outside-- their outdoor dining space is pretty and quite large, which is convenient.)
5	Great Happy Hour with a wonderful selection of food and wine.  The staff is friendly and attentive ; and they carry Buffalo Trace for the true Bourbon lovers.
4	Very special fried chicken.
3	My boyfriend and I came in for dinner on a usual Friday night. We were seated towards the back of the dining room, and were thirsty and hungry. I had the house Pinot Gris and he had a beer. There was no bread service, but there were a good variety of appetizers on the menu. We started with the bruchetta, the pick 2 for $6.95 and got the apple and fig jam and tomato, basil, evoo, and mozz. The bruchetta was good, maybe for me the best part of the meal.For the entrees, I had the chicken with pesto bowties and it was okay, I felt the sauce was kind of heavy and had too much of a pesto and cream flavor for me; but it could be I personally thought it was too heavy. My boyfriend had cheese and crackers (yes, he loves cheese and cracks enough to have it as an entree); and his was good but the server didn't identify the cheeses when he dropped it off. I know, I know.. we should know what cheeses we picked, but at some point if you have 3 white cheeses in front of you- its tough to know which is which. The cheese to meat ratio was very low; there definitely could have been more cheese to go with the varities of prochutto, salami and (fill in the meat I forgot here). The cheese plate came with bread. The service was okay, not spectacular. The young lady we had serving the table did a nice job but had an attitude. Definitely worth a try for the vibe and nice location in Old Town. I will probably continue comig back for late night drinks, and maybe sample a dessert next time.
5	Love this spot. Parking never seems to be a problem in this part of Old Town. Walking in, we were greeted warmly by the hostess.  My girlfriend and I chose to sit in the lovely outdoor patio to enjoy the perfect weather that night. Our server was very helpful and recommended some pretty fabulous red wine. My girlfriend who brought me here used to work there so she recommended the bruschetta as an appetizer followed by the  amazing 5th and Wine burger and ending with the cheesecake. Umm... Yes total foodgasm! I need a cigarette. But seriously, I loved my burger, the fries, the salad - everything we had was delicious. Best believe I'll be back very soon!Tip- $5 glasses of wine during HH
5	This is the most comfortable place to have a glass of wine, relax, and enjoy some great food. Their service is amazing. There are really comfy seats and couches inside and great outdoor seating. You could literally spend hours here. They have wi-fi, so you can chill out on your CPU or IPad. The bar super cool. Very nice bartenders that are knowledgable and accommodating. Their wine is killer, of course, or they wouldn't be named 5th and Wine right?
4	The apple bruschetta was fantastic and the red sangria really complimented it. My wife had the bourbon glazed salmon, which was fantastic. I just had a burger and it was ok...wish I had had a platter to rave about. The ambience was nice and the service was very quick, but we had also gone for an early dinner before a show, so I don't know if the service would have been the same if it was more crowded. I would definitely go there again and would recommend it to friends.
1	The wine was great. The bar was super cute and the patio was awesome.Our service was nothing short of horrendous. Our waitress would rarely come check on us, and when she did she would walk away before we had a chance to speak. We asked for a bottle of wine then brought us glasses. After reminding her that we wanted the bottle she was reluctant to come up with a solution to her mistake. Her initial response was something to the effect of "I just filled the glasses you drank out of, so I can't take them back." After discussing it she told us that she would comp four glasses of wine and charge for the bottle. Seemed fair to us, so we were more than happy to work with her.Then came the check. Overcharged us and overcharged our friends. When I brought it to her attention she got extremely snippy and told us that she had said she would comp our NEXT four glasses of wine. Since we only had three glasses each (the two we ordered initially, then the two we had that were supposed to be the bottle rather than the four each she claimed) it didn't exactly make sense. There was no attempt to recover from her awful service, all she did was argue with us while the manager sat and watched. I'd love to try 5th and Wine on a different night, but if this server comes near our table I'm out.
4	A great place to enjoy the patio for lunch or a $5 glass of wine before 6pm!  Obviously, the wines offered for $5 are not the best and highest priced ones from the regular menu, but it's still a great deal.  The small plates like hummus are a great snack to enjoy with the wine and we've had several flavorful sandwiches and salads for lunch there as well.  The staff is friendly and attentive and there seems to be a fair number of regular customers offering repeat business which generally seems to be a positive indicator.  Whenever we're dining anywhere in the Old Town area, this is a go-to place for us!
5	Just great.  So glad my Yelpers led me to this place when I was in town, and I brought 3 locals who loved it too...and hopefully will patronize this place again.  We were served by the owner (manager?) who was great fun and gave us great service.  The bruschetta sampler was outstanding.  Live music was good and it was a really fun atmosphere.
1	Food was OK but the service was horrible. We went with a group of around 20. It took forever just to get our first drinks and getting a refill was just too much to ask I guess. The worst part was that 1/2 of our table got and finished their food before the second half was served. Literally, down the middle (the long way) because that is how they took the order. Never experienced anything like that. Started at 7:00pm and were there for more than two hours. The night could have been saved with good drink service. Of course since we were a group a 20% gratuity (not %18) was already added to the bill. First and last time eating here.
5	I visited 5th and Wine with a large group, and this visit was as special as each past visit.  Despite making the reservation for only about half the final party size, we were all impressed with the service, which was attentive, quick, and accurate.  As our party grew larger than the reservation, 5th and Wine promptly reseated us and ensured people received drinks quickly upon arrival.  For such a large group, 5th and Wine handled the drink and food orders promptly and even split bills with no trouble.  On top of that, the wine was excellent, and the bruschetta alone is worth the trip!  Saturday night live music is also a worth-the-trip bonus.  I visit often and will continue to visit 5th and Wine for special occasions and for regular happy hours with friends!!
4	I've been to 5th and Wine twice now and have enjoyed both visits.  The most recent was a weekend lunch.  Their wine deals are great a $5 a glass, and their lunch menu was good.  I had the egg sandwich, which was great,  the husband had the elk burger.Can I just take a second here to talk about spicy raspberry jalapeno ketchup?This is a condiment people need to know about, and I feel it is my duty to get the word out there.It came on the elk burger, and we requested a side.  Sweet potato fries and spicy raspberry jalapeno ketchup were simply meant to be together.  They are culinary soul mates.Quick friendly service, good food and drinks, good prices.  Happy camper.
1	Hands down one of the worst cocktails I ever had anywhere!!!Went to this places on a Saturday evening with a few friends after dinner!Asked waiter for some cocktail recommendations...4 of us got the espresso Martinis!Hands down, One of the worst Martini's I ever had!You think for an $11 drink they wouldn't use the really cheap/crapy Vodka!they had the cheapest lousiest Vodka (tasted like turpentine)! Another buddy ordered a White Russian & he was complaining of the same thing. When we brought this up to waiter he did absolutely nothing! The six of us closed our tab & left after this experience & will never go back!
4	Great wine and bruschetta, especially the apple one. Good live music when I went. They need a fire pit outside though! There is not much out there and they need to liven it up some. But great wine bar
5	Happy hour or not, I love 5th and Wine. They have a great selection of wine ($5 on HH,) the service is always great and the food is tasty. There are few better ways to spend a Friday afternoon than sipping on a glass of red and nibbling on apple/fig bruschetta. Delish. Did I mention $5 glasses of wine?! They have a nice patio and it's a great way to enjoy Old Town Scottsdale. 5th and Wine, you hold my heart and taste buds in the palm of your hand.
4	Being new to Scottsdale it is always a pleasure finding another great restaurant tucked away in Old Town.  5th and Wine was the perfect hiatus for a business lunch.  My Organic Egg sandwich was to die for.  Thank you!
4	The wine list sings but the live music is what makes this place a great spot.  The bruschetta is overthetop full of flavour that will make your moth wonder how its all possible.
5	We love 5th and Wine and recommend it to anyone that asks, the appetizers and wine specials for Happy Hour are some of the best in town. Let's start off with the fact that every glass of wine on the wine list, that's right every glass, is just $5 during Happy Hour from 3 - 6 pm.Did someone mention appetizers? Yep, 5th has you covered there too. Ever tried Fried Pickles? Love them! But I have to admit it took some convincing to win us over... thanks Scott! The fried pickles are thinly cut, fried to perfection and served with a creamy horseradish sauce for dipping.But what 5th and Wine is really known for at Happy Hour is their Bruchetta. They have 6 types to try but may we recommend this selection of our favorites: Apple and Brie; Tomato, Basil and Mozzarella; and the Steak and Horseradish. It's a great threesome! As someone mentioned last night, the bread is not too hard, very flavorful and toasted just right.Read the entire review here... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=680
4	I came here for the first time last night with a girlfriend for appetizers, and was really pleased with my experience. Unforunately, we missed happy hour by only a few minutes, but we had a blast anyways!For starters, I really loved the decor of the place.  Red chairs, tables of all sizes, with such a great atmosphere.  There's room to spread out some, so its not like your sitting on top of one another.  Menu selection and prices were great, and the place was jam packed!My friend and I went with the shrimp appetizer and split it.  Order came out quickly, and the dish was so cute looking! Served with crackers, some sauce and some other stuff, we dug in immediately.  The shrimp was spicy! But in a good way...we both were surprised, but whatever it was marinated in had a nice kick to it.Overall, I had a really great experience here. So you ask, why not 5 stars? Well, here's why.  First, parking here can be a bit tight. The later you go, the more difficult it will be to get parking. This is a very popular part of town, with lots of other locations around 5th and wine to hang out at.  There is a parking structure, but plan on doing a little walking in case you go for a late dinner.  (Really its not that bad, but if your in heels or the weather is poor, come prepared!)  Secondly, the happy hour ended at 6. UM, most people work and can't get there that early!  my schedule allows me to get their earlier, but would be nice if they extended it until 7, especially on a Friday.  Thirdly, our server was fine, but overall she didn't seem to take much interest in spending time at our table.  She would literally continue walking and ask if everything was okay without hardly stopping. Yes, I know its a busy Friday night, but she seemed like she just wasn't interested.Anyways, place is great, I love it here, and I will probably be back for more in the future!
4	The perfect little wine and nosh for us girls after doing Girls Night Out down the way at The Brush Bar. It had just finished raining, and was so nice out, the desert in the summer can get brutal! We took a table out on their patio and had a dandy time. We started with a bottle of recommended wine, I do not recall the name, as this was the start of our second bottle of the evening. It was yummy though. We also got several dishes to share for the table; fries, antipasto plate, bruscheta and fried pickles. Everything was tasty! The aioli with the fries was the best! Our server was awesome, read our table perfectly and made sure we were taken care of for sure!My only complaint is the water glasses, in this hellishly hot summer I want to be able to chug my water if necessary and their water glasses are like 4 oz shot glasses, bigger glasses por favor. I have been here a few other times for dinner, nothing Earth shattering to report from those visits, but I have always had a good meal and great service.
4	We went for happy hour last week & had a great time. Wine for only $5 a glass? Fried pickles & some of the best french fries I've ever had? Cool atmosphere with friendly service? CHECK CHECK CHECK!Can't wait to go back to try the rest of their menu!
3	Went here for dinner and wish it would have been for happy hour instead. The wine list is good but the food menu is not that great and is very overpriced for what you actually get. Will try again for happy hour and hope to have a better experience.
4	A true staple to my week. I love 5th during the week for a tasty lunch (the egg Sandwhich) or an evening where I can drink wine and have the Pesto pasta. It is so good.  The pesto is creamy and I always add chicken. I've held my birthday party there before - and it is a lovely place to start the night. They generally have live music most nights, and it has an eclectic crowd of guests. I've had many dishes on the menu and you seriously can't go wrong..great place for a date, holding a group dinner or just grabbing some bruschetta and wine after work.
5	Another great visit to 5th and Wine recently! Went with a group of 9 friends to celebrate a birthday. Chicken Pot Pie is a MUST HAVE as is the Sloppy Joe. Music on the patio is great. Service is EXCELLENT. Scott Yanni and staff really have things down pat. This is a definite MUST GO place in Scottsdale and worth the drive for us West-Siders.
5	I have no idea why I haven't dined or noshed during happy hour at this place more often, I've always had great service, great wine, and great food. There is no adequate excuse , but anyway, my third adventure here made me update my review to 5 stars because 5th and Wine has earned it.The wines by the glass range from $8 - $11 unless you come in before 6pm then they are only $5! Those prices alone should make you want to come here for drinks with friends. The servers have always been cool with offering samples if you can't make up your own mind between two wines despite the recommendation from the server and your friend saying "just pick one!". Due to this fact, I've always had a glass that I have enjoyed, which is usually a Zinfandel. I have now had the pleasure of experiencing all of their different types of bruschetta. My top two favorites are the Prosciutto, Mascarpone, Figs, and Tomato Jam which has a great combination of salty and sweet, and the Apples, Brie, and Fig Jam one which is on the sweeter side, but not overwhelming because the bread and the tart granny smith apple slices help balance out the flavor. The Chopped Salad is very light and refreshing option to accompany the brushcetta appetizer. 5th and Wine is also a restaurant so other food options are available, I have sampled the Chicken and Pesto Pasta which has a delicious cream sauce and their Mac & Cheese which is super rich with the two types of melted cheese, but both items are delicious.The atmosphere is great whether you are sitting inside or outside. The lighting is soft, giving more of an intimate feel, yet this place still remains simple and casual, which I love. The outside patio is great, it is a courtyard that offers peeks into store windows while remaining private from the traffic of Old Town. The times I have been here it has never been super crowded and I am able to just walk in and be seated right away. 5th and Wine still feels like a hidden gem and you must try it out!
5	Coming up on their three year anniversary, Rich Sullivan -proud owner of this establishment proudly stated that this restaurant was always intended to be a "neighborhood gathering spot...more of a home away from home."  When the space was created, he said they deliberately set aside living room seating, and have a 40 seat private dining area ideal for rehearsal dinners and the like.  The courtyard patio, is shaded and misted in the summers and warmed by heaters in the winter.  Three nights a week there is live music, Thurs-Sat from 6:30-9:30p.It is an attractive and inviting space, but more inviting is their menu of wines and noshes.5th and Wine is considered to have one the "most extensive wine by the glass programs" with about 40 wines - half of which are available daily until 6p for only $5.  The wines range from Prosecco from Italy to Sparkling White from New Mexico, to Pinots from France, Cabernets from California, a divine Riesling fro Rheingau, Germany, and a Petite Sirah titled "Drops of Jupiter" from Train.To pair with the many wines there are a selection of sharable foods such as an antipasto plate (speck ham, prosciutto, salami, coppa ham, roasted olives, and choice of 4 cheeses for $15), Bruschetta (choice of 2, 4, or 6 ranging from mozzarella and tomato to peppercorn crusted steak with horseradish $6.95-$13.95), and Prosciutto wrapped bread sticks.  There is also a sizeable menu of salads, sandwiches, burgers, and pastas.On a recent visit here, I had a wine flight which was paired with the following dishes.  All of them were outstanding and I will come back here just to eat the House Fries!1. A sparkling white from New Mexico, Domaine Saint-Vincent.  Very clean, refreshing, not too much effervescence and perfect with the chopped salad (roasted tukey, salami, grape tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, and a light herb vinaigrette).  Also very lovely with the excellent bruschettas we sampled such as the tomato, mozzarella, and basil with a balsamic reduction.2. A Pinot Gris from Carmel Road, Monterey.  Long, clean finish, and a very smooth and drinkable wine.  Rich claimed it goes great with any food.  It was amazing paired with their House French Fries doused in parsley, lemon, garlic, pecorino, and chili flakes - and dipped in their garlic aoli.  Divine!3. Chardonnay from Murphy-Goode, California.  Some buttery flavor to this one, oaky and well balanced.  Had great aroma, and also a great drinking and food wine.  This wine I enjoyed with 5th's Mac and Cheese (carmody, white cheddar, green chilies, and leeks)  The best Mac and Cheese I have ever had!4.  Pinot Noir  from Le Village, Vin de Pays.Wow.  Not being a fan of reds, I was very impressed with this very earthy and not overly tannic Pinot.  With fruit on the nose and acid on the finish, it may not be the ideal drinking wine for me, but as Rich stated it is a "friendly food wine".  It was marvelous with the Chicken Pesto Pasta, a dish I highly recommend here!5.  Zinfandel from Marcella, Lot 57.Having never had a red zin before, this certainly was a great introductory red.  It had a clean, simple finish with a lot of fruit, and surprisingly a lot of alcohol content as well.  Also another great selection for the flight!6.  Cabernet Sauvignon, Cannonball, California.The sommelier selected this one as the final wine in the flight because he felt this was a "good solid representation of California Wine."  With its long body and oaky and earthy taste, it was a great finale to our flight.The Happy Hour features some great noshes for $3-$6 Monday through Friday from 3pm-6pm.  Wines are $5, specialty cocktails $7.I will come here time and again, and bring my little one on Sundays when kids eat free!
4	Great place for lunch - gotta try it for happy hour or dinner.  Excellent American food; good service.
5	always a good time, great service and atmosphere.  i send many of my clients here when they want to know where to relax with a glass of wine.  a class act every time.
5	This is definitely a HOT-SPOT!!  The service is EXCELLENT!  Great food, great wine selection.  No reason you cant find a comfortable place! Living room area, which is a nice place to relax, the patio is great especially now since the weather is nice.  Live music Thursday thru Saturday.
5	Awesome place. When the weather is nice, take advantage of the outside patio. But the inside is cool, too. Great paintings and nicely appointed. We began with the Apples, Brie, & Fig Jam bruschetta which was excellent. Both the spinach salad and strawberry-gorgonzola salad were perfect lunch-sized portions, very fresh, and very delicious. Our server was welcoming and attentive. And of course, a great selection of wines.Great place. Plan on returning again...and again...and again.
5	If I lived in Scottsdale I'd be here every week. I love the eclectic mix of wines and the food is really very good. Great mix of things! Fried pickles, calamari, bison burgers top my list.
2	I'm kind of glad we went here spontaneously without reading any other Yelp reviews. We wanted to love this place, but ultimately were disappointed. It so was close to being great but fell short.First of all, it seems like a real misstep for a wine bar to not have SOME sweet wine on their menu. I pretty much only like moscato, and for them not to have any was disappointing. Hubby had a glass of prosecco that was pretty good, but too dry for my taste.Secondly, the service was mediocre at best. There was a large party on the patio when we arrived so we were seated inside (not a problem). The host seated us and the waiter came by a few minutes later to ask about drinks. I asked about moscato, was told there weren't any and said we needed more time. We didn't talk to him again for about another 15 minutes, despite hubby trying to make eye contact. When we did get the waiter back we ordered wine, but he didn't ask for food orders and was gone before we could say something. The waiter came a few minutes later, dropped off the glass of wine and walked away without a word, even though we were ready to order. About 10 minutes later a lady (manager?) came and asked if we had been helped. When we told her we had been waiting to order food she took our order on the spot. We also seemed to get a new waitress. She was more attentive but not very friendly.As for the food, well it was all missing...something. We had the bruschetta. The fig and proscuitto version really would have benefited from a drizzle of balsamic vinegar- something a little acidic to cut all of the heaviness of the cheese. The hummus bruschetta was simply a schmear of hummus sprinkled with some chopped chives- definitely uninspiring. The calamari was bland and overcooked to the point of being rubbery. They ended up comping that on the bill when I complained. The house fries were good, but really that should have been the easiest thing to get right. Even so, I was hoping for more of the lemon, garlic and parmesan flavor and these just tasted like fries with some chives and parsley. The garlic aioli that came with them was great though.For what we paid for this ($21 before tip for 2 apps and a glass of wine), I expected better.
4	This is one of those places that I always seem to forget to review.  I guess maybe because it seems everyone already knows this place is great!!The important details you need to know:- Live music sometimes- Great happy hour food specials- Most wines (3/4 of the wine list) is $5 a glass before 6pm.  Use your Yelp check-in offer to drop that to $3.  YES I SAID THREE DOLLARS!!!!!!- Great bruschetta, burgers, and everything else. Chef's specials are often enough vegetarian so that's nice for someone like me- Great back patio that isn't super obvious to a first-timer that it exists- Clean bathrooms! You know all of the above doesn't matter in the slightest bit if the restrooms are nasty- Wine specials on the 5th of every month.  Now, I have never participated but I think it's like $2 for a specific wine. But since you can use the Yelp check-in offer, I haven't bothered since it's cah-razy cheap every day!!
4	Really pretty good.  Haven't found outstanding wine there yet......but the food selection was good and the outdoor seating fun.
4	We visit Scottsdale every November when possible and love to try new restaurants.  This time we found 5th and Wine and were very pleased to be seated in the patio, which is located adjacent to a number of small businesses, shielded by some umbrellas but with stars visible on a clear night.We weren't really that hungry but were pleased to be presented with a number of good menu items, including a great menu of wines available by the glass and others also available by the bottle.  Wine prices were reasonable.  I was extremely pleased with the Temperanillo.My wife ordered a mixed green salad with grilled shrimp and it hit the spot.We simply made our meal out of their Bruschetta, mainly first because we had read reviews on Yelp, and second because it was so, so good.  The two we chose were (1) roasted peppers, goat cheese, garlic, tomato jam and (2) apples, Brie, fig jam, honey and agave drizzle.  We loved the second one the best but in the end reordered both.Service was pleasant and timely.
5	Most people already know that this is a great place, but since it was my first time there, I have to put my two-cents in. Awesome! I loved the decore inside, very cozy. However it was a beautiful day so we sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the weather.The service was prompt and very friendly, our waitress was great! I wish I could remember her name to give her a shout out. I had the chicken salad sandwich with french fries. The chicken salad was amazing -- big chunks of chicken and tasted wonderful. The french fries are to die for! Hands down the best french fries I have ever had. Perfectly light and crunchy on the outside, soft and hot on the inside and seasoned to perfection! If you're in the area and like me, have never eaten here, I would highly recommend you do yourself a favor and drop in for a meal. I can't wait to go back again and introduce my husband to those french fries.
4	This lovely hidden gem is like a mirage in our desert playground....you think it was a figment of your imagination. But it exists as a rarity though I'm happy to keep it off the radar. The inside belies the spaciousness of the spot and the decor infuses so much energy, you won't be without conversation long! However, sat outside because that's always a measure of attentive service.Our server was French and completely knowledgable, charming and attentive. Hands down, the bruschetta boards are phenomenal and blows any competition out there. For my linebacker appetite, the bison and elk burgers hit the spot for my protein intake. Was disappointed the elk was slightly over done. Overall, I would choose this as my go to spot for date or get togethers!
1	Let me start by saying both my friend and I are in the service industry and I try to be very understanding when I'm a customer as I know how challenging it can be at times when you're working with the public.  So for me to give a bad review it has to be pretty bad.I had wanted to try 5th and Wine for quite some time so last Friday my friend and I decided to celebrate her birthday by going for happy hour.  I arrived just after 5 PM and was immediately hit with an over powering smell of Clorox as I walked into the place.  I joked with one of the bartender's, Steven (the female bartender was named Randy), about it and how they must be very clean.  After a few minutes of joking he asked what I would like to drink.  I explained what type of red I was in the mood for and he poured two samples both which nailed what I wanted.  Once my friend arrived we settled on Old Vine Red and decided to purchase two bottles since it was $20 per bottle during happy hour which ends at 6 PM.  During the course of the evening (5  1/2 hours) we noshed on a few different types of bruschetta which was average at best and the crispy fries which were hot and good but the dipping sauce was a slightly pumped up mayo.  We also ordered a brownie and ice cream dessert, which they put a candle on (nice touch) and it was pretty good.  In between our appetizers and wine we chatted with both bartenders and several people sitting at the bar enjoying our evening.  At no time were we ever loud, rude and obnoxious or used profanity.  We were never drunk or displayed any type of behavior which would lead someone to think otherwise.  Imagine our surprise when we decided to have one more glass after 5  1/2 hours (less than one glass each per person per hour), and we were told by Randy in front of everyone at the bar we could not.  When we asked why, she said, for everyone to hear, because you each had a bottle and then walked away leaving us in total shock and very embarrassed.  She never asked if we were driving, taking a cab or had a car service.  We didn't argue or pursue it further; completely embarrassed & stunned we just paid and left.  I did tip better than I should have as she was working with Steven and I didn't know if he was involved in the decision.  We stop by another wine bar nearby and told them what had happened and they were completely shocked.  I decided to call the manager the next day to see if two bottles was their limit and spoke with Kat the manager on duty.  I was very nice and tried to recount the evening, even explaining I understand it's at a servers discretion on how much someone is served but not only was I repeatedly interrupted with her brisk and rushed tone but she would speak to employees while she was talking to me.  She kept saying "It's at the server's discretion" and needed to get "Randy's side of the story" never once apologizing for our bad experience.  I felt like I was talking to the manager of a truck stop and not a wine bar.  After finding out I was going to write a review on Yelp she offered to have her boss call me back even saying due to the time we spent there, one bottle each was not excessive.  At this point I told her it wasn't necessary, and she then asked my name so she could read my review.  Bottom line:  What started out as a fun birthday celebration was completely ruined by the unprofessional and bad judgment of the employees at a very average place with average food.  With so many great places in the valley I wouldn't waste my time here.  However, the owners would be wise to retrain some of their staff on judgment and customer service.
2	Meh. Our server was awesome. The rest of the place was tired- the decor, the menu, the wine. Go to postrino's instead.
5	*This review is for a Tuesday evening*Made my first visit tonight with some co-workers, and everything I had heard about 5th & Wine was true. Clean, unique establishment w/ good service and great ambience. Their BBQ wings came highly recommended, and I'm not a big wings guy, but goddamn... they were AMAZING: flavorful, meaty wings that seemed to be cooked perfectly. I seriously couldn't get enough of them. Their garlic fries were also great, as was my caesar salad. My Stella came out with a nice ice cold pint glass. They have a pretty extensive food and wine menu, but not overwhelming. Their Elk burger caught my eye while scanning the menu, so I have a good reason to go back.
4	Once the walls start to close in on me while working from my home, This is one of my favorite "offices" during a weekday afternoon. It's not too busy or noisy, comfy chairs, you can order half sized meals as a light snack, and the staff is very humble and approachable. I can work here for hours and never feel pressured to buy any more food or drink than I need.
2	Let me start off with I love this place. Good food, good wine, nice atmosphere. The service yesterday however was not good and a serious bummer on our lunch. The blonde waitress forgot my drink order. No big deal I can handle my lunch with water. The waitress takes our order ask for the burger temps, we both asked for med. We got two well done burgers and my one modification of no relish. You guessed it had it on there. She checked backed on us when we were two bites away from being done. We were hungry so I scraped and we ate our dry over cooked burgers. This is a great place but I'd suggest not sitting in miss blonde's section.
4	Nice.  $5 glasses most of the day, and a great selection of wines.  From Asti to Zinfandel.  Give the oven-roasted olives a try; great bargain and delicious.
2	Food was amazing, as usual, but service was so incredibly slow! They weren't even busy! I don't get why the service is so slow here. There were only 4 of us and our server seemed so stressed out and rushed the entire time, until we needed the check and then she took forever splitting it since she forgot we requested separate checks before ordering.  I will still come back because I love their food and they have great wine specials just wish the service was better!
4	5th and Wine was recommended to me when I was searching for a place to hold our work holiday party. I read the Yelp reviews and decided it would be the perfect location. We had our party last Thursday. We had a party of 13 and I requested a table on the patio. The weather was perfect and they had the table all ready for us.  Our waitress was Nadine, she was awesome, she made sure we had everything we needed and was very attentive. There was live music on the patio shortly after we got there and they were great.Some of us got there shortly before 6:00 and were able to take advantage of the great happy hour specials. Most of their wines being $5 per glass or $20 per bottle. I also bought another glass of wine at the full price of $10, but was able to get $2 off through Yelp when I checked in.Some of the food was awesome, including the seasoned sweet potato fries, but other parts were disappointing. I got the portobello burger and the portobello mushroom was rather small. My husband got the prime rib special and the piece of meat was large and delicious, but the vegetables that came with it were almost non-existent.I would definitely recommend this restaurant, the positives far out weighed the negatives.
4	I ordered the prime rib, and other members of my party ordered the bruschetta and wine.  They had a fantastic selection of beverages, and my friends enjoyed them.  I liked the chef select soup, which was a spicy bisque.  The service started off great but began to falter only after someone at the table next to us spilled their beer.  The prime rib had an excellent seasoning, but it came out a little underdone. (I ordered it medium.). However, overall, we had an enjoyable experience, and I highly recommend it for a little happy hour before Scottsdale's art walk.
4	Good food, if you get here in time for Happy Hour.Any other time it seems terribly over priced.Servers a great, very personable.
5	Awesome food! Great service! Had the 5th and wine burger. My chick had the Bow tie  pesto with chicken pasta. So good! Mmm mmm.
5	I loved my first experience at 5th and Wine! After multiple girlfriends have raved about this place, I was able to experience it for myself last night. I loved the Portobello Burger with Goat Cheese and Carmelized onions, & the sweet potato fries were awesome.Its a nice, quiet place with dim lighting and intimate seating. It's perfect for a date night or girls night :) Ours was the latter.
3	The service wouldn't win any awards, but all the staff are incredibly friendly and genuine, which goes far with me. I like to chill out and get some work done here on my laptop over a few glasses of wine and the stuffed mushrooms are really, ridiculously good. Like, crazy good. Like crack. I have no idea what crack is like, but based on what I have seen from movies, I am going to guess it is kinda like that. Yep, good times. Good place. Parking does not make all so excited though. Free wifi though, score!
5	Loved this place! Will definatly be back. Ask for Lindsey or Wyatt, they were absolutely amazing. I started with 4 bruschetta, and was very pleased with them all. The salmon with glaze was to die for, and I had never had quinoa, but it was amazing.  I was here for a long time, so I really had the chance to watch how the staff operated and it is obvious that everyone is trained very well, and this place is managed extremely well. Great job, guys! I loved it!
4	Good food and cool atmosphere. The bruschetta is excellent as are the prosciutto wrapped breadsticks. On the weekend, they have live music on the patio for dinner. Great girls night out dinner.
5	I recently visited 5th and wine for the first time.  I met a date there.  What a nice place.  The restaurant is very cozy, great place for a date.  The bartender was very sweet and friendly.  I would highly suggest this place for a date or a girls night!
5	OMG I love this place! My GF and I went a couple weeks ago. Only bummer was we missed happy hour. Looked like great happy hour tho.I ordered two glasses of Champagne and she had a couple glasses of some red wine and loved it.We had to of course have Bruschetta and it was amazing. I also got the olives to try it out. Great. I have nothing bad to say about this place. Our waiter was AWESOME and his girlfriend happened to work there as well. They were both sweet and great at their job. It makes it nicer to have nice people waiting on you, which in Scottsdale has been rare lately.
1	This is an update/addition to my review.  I was recently contacted through Yelp by Randi the bartender at 5th & Wine with a "compliment".  I decided to post it as I wonder if the owners are aware or even concerned that an employee would contact a customer with such an unprofessional and "inaccurate" statement of a review.  The following is the actual message.From Randi:I think I just LOL'd my pants! Please review Arizona State liquor laws. Not only me, but other guests you were harrassing (which you thought you were being delughtful with) stated you you were intoxicated. We close at 11:00 pm and you were gone long before we closed. You ordered the 2nd bottle of wine at 6pm.....only 5 hours before we closed. Bottom line, you were showing obvious signs of intoxication, you camped out at the bar all night and only ordered happy hour appetizers. It was me that brought out the "ok at best" brownie for your friend, you didn't order it. If you actually are in the industry, you would understand, continuing to serve you would be breaking the law and would put the business in jeopardy. Grow up. Join us in the responsible adult arena.Yelp reviews are a great tool for owners and managers to fine tune their businesses.  As stated in my original review the owners would definitely be wise retrain some of their staff on judgement and customer service.
3	This was another stop on our culinary tour.  We sampled prosciutto wrapped breadsticks, fried pickles and sangria.  All were tasty.  It's a lot bigger inside than it looks from the outside.  They have an area with couches that has a very homey feel.  It would be a great place to enjoy a few glasses of wine.
4	Awesome wine list in a fantastic atmosphere!
5	Pros-Service is great/ Lovely Patio/ Perfect Location/ Happy Hour/ Specials in general/ Brushetta is amazing/ They offer meatloaf. meatloaf. I love meatloaf/ Great Wine/Awesome food/ The Live Band was entertaining/ Perfect for lunch, dinner, and drinks/ menu has something for everyone/ Prices are reasonable  My only Con-Their private events need to be publicized - somehow/somewhere. Especially when you are shutting down the entire restaurant.Example: I attempted to take my in-laws here while they were in town, and spent a hell of a time trying to find parking.  Then as we finally walked in, we were told they were closed due to a private event. There really should be a sign to display this for "passer-byers". FYI-ThIs has happened to me on more than one occasion  That being said-they stil deserve 5 stars because overall, I love this place, and plan to come back again and again.
5	Hats off to the crew here!  We were in town on business and thought the place looked cool on line so we made an open table reservation.  As out of towners, didn't know Scottsdale is a ghost town on Sunday nights so we hopped in a can and headed over.  About half way there, they called to ask if we were going to come as they were going to close early. We told them we were on the way and they agreed to stay open.  Thanks, Steven!  Great wine selection, great food!  We had the mixed garlic fries and a variety of bruschetta and were impressed!  They even suggested a great place for dessert!
5	Went back again and had another great time. Steve is the manager that waited on us last time I found out and this time he stopped by the table to say hi. This place has great food, service and happy hour prices. HIGHLY suggest you go there. :)We again ordered the Brushetta which is AMAZING, sweet/garlic fries YUMM. My friend had red wine and I had some champagne. We also had the wrapped breadsticks, but I wasnt a fan...Thats ok tho.They are so cool there and down to earth. It was so fun and I will be back again!Thank you again for a fun time!
4	The spinach salad and chicken picatta was amazing. Dessert was the Michael Chiarlo "Nivole" Moscato.
3	Visited with friends for happy hour during the week. Surprisingly empty but pleasant none the less. Service was "mediocre" (nothing great, nothing awful) and the drinks / appetizers (pino gris, sangria, sweet potato fries, bruschetta) the same.Overall "A-OK" - wouldn't mind visiting again since everything was so pleasant, just not a "knock your socks off" kind of place.
5	I couldn't be happier with 5th and Wine - I was first introduced to the restaurant a few years ago when they supported AZ ALS Association by cooking for an event I volunteered for.Since then, I've had several date nights and lunch meetings, at 5th and Wine, and I've never been disappointed. The atmosphere is always comfortable, the servers treat you like they know you, and the food is mouthwatering (the fries and soups are among my faves!).If they hadn't already won me over, they did this past weekend. We had an event and the original caterer had an emergency and cancelled on short notice. Scott (the General Manager), took care of everything. He put together a menu of crowd-pleasers that kept us well within budget and saved the day. Thank you!!
4	Amazing Cobb salad at 5th and Wine last night.  I really enjoyed the two fried eggs on top, and all the ingredients were fresh and flavorful!  Of course the wine was also nice, as was the bruschetta.  I wish the bruschetta were sliced in fours rather than an uneven three slices, but for the most part they were enjoyable.  But, I'd skip the steak one next time.   Our service was good, and I would definitely go back for a quieter evening in Old Town.One note, we made reservations online ahead of time, but the restaurant didn't have them when we got there!  If I were you, I'd call rather than use the online system - it sounded like ours was not the first reservation not to reach the restaurant!
4	The music is good, the food is good , and the prices are very good.
4	I got my first Happy Hour glass of wineBought it at the 5th and WineDrank it till my face turned redWas the summer in the 2000sMe and some guys from workHad a craving so we ordered some foodGlass of wine, plate of bruschettaShoulda known, we've finished it allOh when I look back nowThat summer seemed to last foreverAnd if I had the choiceYeah, I'd always want to be thereThose were the best of 5th and Wine(Bryan Adams - Summer of 69)5th and Wine is located right in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale.  Off 5th Ave and Goldwater.  It's snugged inside the art area.  I've always enjoy coming here during HH!  $5 for a glass of wine!  They have a huge list to choose from so you won't be missing out on any of your favorites.  My gang and I ordered a plate of bruschetta and we were good!  Hummus, Steak, Prosciutto, and Apple/Brie on a nice plate and atop a crunchy bread -- Yum!  Totally enjoyed this combo with my wine -- My favorite is Pinot Noir.  Though I did try their burgers; I would try to stick with food that goes well with your wine.  I think the burgers are pretty original with different ingreidients like bison with corn, but man it didn't do much for me.  The place itself is pretty casual and classy with some interesting artwork.  There's a small living room-like area where you could chill while people watch.  However, this is also the area where the band generally plays.  Live music every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights! - Enjoy!
4	The Great: delicious chicken & pesto entree, tasty wine, outdoor seating, Wonderful server Nadine!The Could Be Better: the acoustics inside the restaurant are just awful, leading to the sound of people talking to become intolerably LOUD, bartenders not well versed in food preparation/ingredients and not motivated to confirm with the kitchen staff.
5	Love this place...and I'm serious. I love it from the heart. I took my wife here for the second time last night and she and I look at going as a real treat and worth the drive from North Scottsdale. It is so good to experience this place and enjoy some nice music, great food and oh yes wine. The service and owners are truly classy people and I have known them for years. I have no problems recommending 5th and WIne and I'd go every day if I could. My wife had their salmon, which was incredible, and the settings was awesome. We love the eclectic look of the place and our server was really nice and perfect. When we left the owners took time out to thank us and then some. My goodness I wish more restaurants were like this. I really enjoy going here. Its got a great outside patio, has great music and I think I just may have to make this a regular thing! When I told my wife last night we're going to 5th and WIne she said one word: "AWESOME!"That's what I love to hear. Bravo 5th and WIne! I really hope you're reading this. You all have made us feel more than just customers, you all make us feel like family, and its truly an honor to visit your fine establishment!
5	Great wine selection, and the bruschetta is awesome. A couple of my friends had different martinis that were really good as well. The prices were lower than what I expected for Scottsdale, and our service was outstanding. Great atmosphere inside, and on the patio.
5	great patio to hang out.  staff was super friendly.  found the place using yelp since i do not live in AZ.  took mom here for mothers day and will plan to return next time i'm in the area.
3	Lunch time was slow, but staff was attentive. The food was okay, nothing spectacular. Standard watered down drinks. Kinda expensive for the food, but the restaurant looks very nice.
4	Good eats, good location.
4	I held a bookclub group here.  It was the perfect location.  Comfy chairs, happy hour, quiet atmosphere to talk and great selection of wine and appetizers.  Will definitely be back!
5	Bison burger... hands down.One of my favorite burgers I've had - the meat is so tender and seasoned well. Their prices are reasonable and they have some specials on decent wine.Overall their food is good here (tried most of their burgers), and service is decent. The ambiance is nice, but not too fancy. Great spot in Old Town.
3	the food is great and the drink selection is fine (i'm a sucker for abita), but we had a large group coming in and a reserved area, and there were people sitting in our reserved area. the staff there didn't offer to remove them or anything. kind of defeats the purpose of reserving a space if they seat other people there.
4	Fantastic wine bar in the Old Town area, and surprisingly affordable. They accommodated a large bachelorette party (eyeroll, I know), and even gave us a special dessert for the bachelorette. I had to do double takes to check the wine bottles prices - incredible selections for extremely cheap. And there's a list of 10% on the back of inventory that they need to move.Wine bars can typically disappoint with food - small plates, portions, and just mediocre. Not the case - portions were reasonable, and every hard-to-please girl was happy. Highly recommend the bruschetta sampler as a starter.Cute patio, live music. Overall, a hit.
5	Wine bars... What's NOT to love! Especially this one! I came here with some friends the other night and I already love wine bars so I love trying new ones. I loved everything about this place. From the food, to the wine, to the environment...I ordered the Chicken Pesto Pasta. This entree was delicious! I like it when they don't skimp on the sauce because I feel that it makes it taste dry. The pesto sauce was really yummy. I'm a pretty light eater and usually always have leftovers to take home, but I devoured it! My friend ordered the Portobello burger that I tried. Quite tasty as well and I like the combination fries and dipping sauce that it came with. I also ordered the Red Sangria which was quite yummy. It wasn't too sweet like most Sangrias that I've had. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable as to his recommendations to what was good on the menu. I loved the lounge area that they have set up as well. You can stay and hang out after you eat. It actually reminded me of the Living Room wine bar in Chandler that I absolutely love. Another great thing is that it's in Old town Scottsdale so it's not that far from me. They have a happy hour menu as well that I'd really like to come back and try and will probably do an updated review on that as well! If you like wine bars with great food this is definitely the place to go! =)
3	I'm not sure who copied who, but 5th and Wine's bruschetta appetizer is pretty much exactly the same as Postino's bruschetta... but not as good. 5th and Wine has fewer options to select from for toppings and their bruschetta costs more for less food. It's still intrinsically "good," but in comparison to Postino, I'd rather go there.I do like the atmosphere and vibe of 5th and Wine. On Saturday night they had a live two-piece band that was fun and lively, yet not so loud that you couldn't comfortably hold a conversation. Plus they let our party use the entire back room for ourselves (we had a big group together for a friend's birthday).That being said, I probably wouldn't come back unless someone else wanted to, because I'm not a fan of wine and I could get better food elsewhere.
3	3.5I came here on a date yesterday for dinner, and I had heard a lot about this place but had never been. We walked in and the outside doesn't match the inside at all. Lots of warm colors, dim lighting, it looks like my kind of wine bar - not pretentious feeling at all. We had a reservation so we were seated immediately and took a look at the menu. We weren't planning on sharing an appetizer but the crispy french fries looked too good to pass up so we had an order of those and we definitely made the right decision. We had the regular fries and it was a huge portion that we could barely finish. I had the chicken pesto pasta and he had the cobb salad. I liked my pasta, it was deceptively a lot more than it looked like in the bowl, which I can't complain about. There was a bit too much sauce I'd have to say, but they didn't skimp on the pasta or chicken which was appreciated. He liked the salad, though he said it wasn't as crisp as he hoped it to be. Our server was really great and the live music was a nice touch. This looks like a great place to catch up with some friends over a glass (or two) of wine and some good food. Oh and I love their dog paintings!
5	I LOVE me some 5th and Wine.  Not only for the wine selection but for their great food.  First off the wine section.  I am a big wino and have never been disappointed with the wine selection.  They really have something for taste and every budget.  They also do month wine dinners which is a 4 course dinner with wine parings which is amazing.Second, they have a really diverse menu and great portions.  I am a meatarian so it will sound funny to say that I recommend the Chopped Salad but GET THE CHOPPED SALAD!  I also love the burger with Cambozola cheese and regular fries.  People refer to the fries as "crack fries" and they are not lying, probably my favorite fries in The Valley.  I am also a big fan of their Bourbon Glazed Salmon, it has a lot of flavor and isn't too sweet.My only gripe is it can get a bit loud inside especially when they have music so if you are looking for a quiet dinner be prepared for some noise.
4	This is  great casual wine bar to have a drink and the food is very good  as well!!nThey have outdoor patio area which is nice in cooler weather. The prices are very good here and great for a date night or meeting friends! Its in Old town Scottsdale area which we love. They have couch and chairs to sit in as well inside.
4	I work right down the street from 5th and wine so enjoy walking down after work for happy hour. I've been there a few times and I've always had a pleasant experience. The happy hour is pretty good and the food and service are great. On weekends they have live music on the patio which I enjoyed. I would recommend to anyone looking for a nice, laid back wine bar in the old town Scottsdale area.
4	Tasty sandwiches, salads( Cobb salad, Yum!)and burgers. Good selection of wines at good prices.
2	This was my go to place after work with friends.  Recently the food or menu has changed and was very disappointed.  I hope that was an off night.
4	Nice snacks and strong sangrias! We came here as part of a walking food tour we took while in Scottsdale. We were here around 2 pm and it was pretty quiet and the ambiance was nice and relaxing.  Will definitely be back next time we are in Scottsdale!
3	The food is good...but the portions are very small, especially for the price.  6oz filet?  More like 4 oz.  Better plan on ordering an appetizer and some bruschetta with that dinner and wine or you'll still be hungry when you leave.  200.00 bucks should have stretched a lot farther.
5	I love 5th and wine! I've been here a million times and have always had good wine, good food, and a great time. This is the perfect place for a birthday dinner, going away dinner, celebration dinner, happy hour, date, the list goes on and on. This is the kind of place that everyone will like and they have something on the menu for everyone. Sometimes they have someone playing music in there too which is cool. I love that on the 5th of everyone month they have deals on wine and their happy hour is great too. I think it's like $20 for a bottle at happy hour? One of my friends and I used to go during happy hour all the time and each order our own because we thought it was such a good deal (you know who you are). The servers always have great suggestions on different wines too. All of the bruchettas are good for an appetizer and the salads, entrees and burgers are all tasty. They also have a little back patio if it's nice outside and I like that they take reservations. I have a lot of great memories here and I'll keep coming back!
4	I love this place! It's close to my house, a great neighborhood hang out, good wine selection, good atmosphere, pretty good food, aaaaaaaand they allow dogs on the patio! What's not to love about all that? Service has always been good too. Fried pickles are delish. Bruschetta is pretty good, definitely not as good as Postino's but it's OK. We've tried quite a few other dishes here as well and everything has been enjoyable! Overall, a good experience every time and we will continue to go back!
5	I went here for the first time about a month ago and I was really impressed with the selection of wines and the food as well. The night I went, there was live acoustic music and the atmosphere was great. I highly recommend going here for a fun night out with some friends!
4	walking by on kind of a lame night and stumbled upon this place. not lame once inside! had the elk burger with sweet potato fries! goodY
4	Our first time there, and it was really good! We tried all 6 varieties of the bruschetta, and loved them all. Also split their chicken pot pie. The crust was delicious! Filling was good, although not much chicken inside; lots of good gravy and veggies.We will definitely be back!
4	We had made a reservation and they said they didn't have it but no problem because they improvised and were able to seat us anyway! Bruschetta was really good, wine was also delicious. I would give my meal 5 stars for flavor but 3 stars for value. I ordered the bourbon glazed salmon which was $21.95 and came with vegetables and Quinoa. The vegetables it came with was a squash cut into 4 pieces so I asked for another side of veggies and they very quickly brought it over. For the price, I would have been a bit bitter had they not brought over the extra veg. Boyfriend got one of their burgers and it was amazing. Fries were delicious as well. Overall a very romantic, classy place with great service. The live music is nice and it is even a nice place to enjoy a late night glass of wine.
4	It's a trendy wine bar so if you aren't down with trendy...you've been warned.I like to think that I'm not a food snob but the truth is i absolutely AM one and I do enjoy a pleasant ambiance and dining experience as much as the next guy. I came here with a few friends for a casual dinner while hanging out in old town. First things first... the drink prices are ok, but if you don't come here during happy hour, they don't have a lot of cheap options for wine. I get it, wine is not cheap unless its the boxed stuff so i suppose they can't really do much about that. I will say that the sangria I ordered packed a respectable punch. The appetizers are alright but hardly worth the price you pay for them. We got the figs, platter thing, which came with some spinach, figs, apple slices, and goat cheese. There really wasn't much to it, so meh.The main course was quite enjoyable however. I went with the Elkburger, and was surprised to find that it had such a rich, meaty taste. They did overcook it a bit but it was still quite good and well seasoned. I really like the fact that you can upgrade to sweet potatoe or garlic parmesean fries at no additional cost-- major props to the establishment for them. It seems like everyone and their mother has a citrus Aioli to serve with fries these days, but this place gets it right. Notably, I found their aioli to be much superior to the one I had at Zinburger the other day. The bill was about what you'd expect at the end of the day. By the end of my main course, I certainly didn't feel ripped off. There was some relaxing live music and I definitely like the interior. It's a cool place to grab a bite and have a few wines--I'll have to try it during happy hours next time. My final verdict: it's a do.
4	I stumbled upon 5th & Wine while exploring Scottsdale. What a great find! It is a cozy little wine bar that had live entertainment ( a guy with a guitar) that was not too loud. The wine options were plentiful and the bartenders were very friendly and helpful. I did not order food but the menu looked very good. Will definitely be back next time I am in Scottsdale.
4	Really cute and affordable wine bar. Nice unpretentious spot in Old Town Scottsdale. Would definitely recommend the patio when the weather is nice. I've been here a handful of times, most of the time the service has been fine. During our last visit, our server forgot about us - we planned to order a second glass of wine but after 15 minutes of our glasses being empty and not getting checked on when the restaurant was slow, we were over it and cashed out. But this hasn't typically been my experience. Similar bruschetta concept to Postino. It's decent bruschetta but I definitely prefer Postino's bruschetta board. Most of the food I've tried at 5th and Wine has been pretty good. And they have great Happy Hour deals if you can make it before 6pm.
4	I can't say I was all that excited about 5th and Wine's menu at first glance...However my impressions quickly changed as I warmly adapted to the interior's vibe along with the evening music...We were quickly approached by our most gracious waitress Amber who was quite warm and attentive throughout our dinner...Despite my initial resistance to the menu, I was quite pleased at the sound of the day's specials which we both ordered...Mine happened to be a seared duck thigh risotto which was impeccably done...It was delivered at such furious speed that it seemed liked magic to me, and really I could not fault it as it was simply delicious. My friend had the sea bass special and she pretty much licked her plate just like a dog would! ah!As appetizers, we ordered a duo of bruschettas - one with tomato and mozzarella and one with prosciutto and they were very tasty...And for dessert as I wasn't quite stuffed yet, well let's just say I had to oblige my sweet tooth and ended up ordering a chocolate mousse and it was scrumptious and just had the perfect amount of decadence...not being sarcastic...and doesn't like mousse ?...and why can't they make flavored shaving cream for all I know...ba ah ha!Thank you Amber for a pairing our wonderful dinner with your warm and gracious service. I had no reason to be skeptical...Yes I am in love...it was one of the best dinners in recent memory.
4	5th & Wine is one of those places you almost forget about sometimes and then remember when you're looking for an intimate yet tasty date night establishment. The atmosphere is cute and they have live music and $2 glasses of wine every 5th of the month! I like the butternut squash soup and chopped salad, while my husband always gets the bison burger. It's really good. When I feel like something more, their chicken pesto pasta is the go to. I've always been too full to make it to dessert, but the dessert menu has at least three things I would love to try.... Next time... The patio is nice, as you can still hear the music and the inside is always so busy so it's nice to not feel cramped.
5	I went here this past Saturday night and made reservations though Yelp which was super easy and convenient (even though I really didn't need them).  The decor/ambiance was nice, it had a good vibe.  The wine list and menu were decent, I'm not really a wine connoisseur so I went with my default (pinot grigio) which was good.This is a great place to meet friends or go for a date.  Prices were reasonable.  I'd definitely recommend trying it out.
2	Checked this place out 9/19/13. My server and service was decent. But, wholly crap this wine selection is awful! It seems like some hillbilly's think they can just cash in on the oldtown clientele by offering cheap wine and mediocre food. You can get better wines at any supermarket. That's not how a wine bar should be. They should offer wines that are well known but hard to get. Completely out of their league here. The owner struts around like he has a clue, but he's just your a-typical scottsdale weirdo. Two stars for the location. That's all. Take a peak in their kitchen when you get a chance. You will be horrified.There are farrr better places to dine in old town, that actually do care about their guests and provide the array of wines you hope to find when dining out. This place is a joke. Pretenders.
3	I wish 3.5 stars were an option.  I came here on Saturday night to try out their Restaurant week menu.  I have been here several times for their bruschetta, though sadly they have eliminated the filet mignon option.  I started with the tuna tar tar with avocado.  It was seasoned well and quite enjoyable though I would suggest something other than stale heart shaped water crackers as an accompaniment.  I then went with their black risotto (black due to squid ink) with scallops.  I very muh enjoyed the dish and thought it was well seasoned.  My only complaint would be that cutting sea scallops in half and serving 3 halves, each of which is only seared and seasoned on one side is really a trend that should die never to return.  Fans of traditional risotto will find that this risotto is much too thick (think of Wolfgang Puck's outburst on Top Chef a few yrs ago), though truth be told I personally didn't mind the thicker consistency.  For dessert, I opted for the bread pudding.  I am not much of a sweets person, so I appreciated that the bread pudding was not overly sweet.  I would recommend 5th and Wine for a fairly casual dinner.  I also appreciated that the waiter didn't try to sell me on the most expensive option of the 3 wines I inquired about.  5th and Wine charged $30 for Restaurant week and it was much more enjoyable than Christopher's and Cork-ambience, service and food.
5	This place is amazing. I come here at least once a month & am never disappointed. Food & service is always great. The buffalo burger it TDF as well as the bruschetta. Outside seating is so cute with a lights (great for date nights) live music inside is a wonderful touch. This place is great to meet with friends, family or date night. It's truly a Scottsdale must.
4	Great food, wine and live entertainment!
3	Big expectations, Open Table reservations (points!) and a groupon led us here.Not surprised, I found it laid back yet designed for the young upwardly mobile.  Chic with some sections inside set up with comfy couches and lounge chairs to make it feel more homey, plus restaurant tables for the remainder. There was also a small outdoor patio. We opted for indoors due to the high winds this day, but the indoors did not strike me as particularly cramped, as some have described. But then, this was midweek lunch and there were few people to compete with.Lamb burger. It came cooked to a perfect med rare, just as Mr. B had asked.  The flavor of the meat surprised me.  It was seasoned with a blend of Middle Eastern herbs, not your traditional gamey American version. It was huge, with tomato and baby greens to make it look even bigger.  He loved it.The Wine Club.  Starting with a nice toasted bread, then layers of bacon, cheese, pork belly, thinly sliced turkey, chunks of avocado, tomato, and lettuce. It was a thick sandwich.  Unfortunately, as good as it sounded, it was a disappointment.  Primarily it was because the turkey was dry and old tasting.  But even so, it was not speaking my language.  The subtleties were lost by too many delicate flavors all trying to compete for attention. The thin slice of pork belly was completely overwhelmed by the other layers. The avocado was buttery but similarly lost.  What was a winner were the slices of bacon and the cheese, both flavor stand outs. I finally got wise and ate each layer independently of the other, and then I could smile (except for the turkey).I got to choose one side and that had to be the butternut squash soup. But today must have been an off day.  It was not excellent.  It wasn't even good.  It was quite bland, no sweetness from the squash at all.  Disappointed.They also offer a $5 glass of wine.  Not shabby, and actually quite a nice pour.  You can choose any wine from their list, and it is a long one. Again, Mr. B was happy. He loved his Merlot.Our cute French server, Stephanie, took great care of us.Unfortunately, I will not budge higher than a 3.5 star rating because of my sandwich and soup. The groupon managed to soften the damage, but I personally would not be real enthusiastic about returning.
5	My party and I went here on a warm August night so it was okay to sit outside. The indoor restaurant was FREEZING! Only downside, it was really, really dark outside so I couldn't see my party very well. Their lighting could use some work. Also, the waitress spilled a glass of water all over our table and didn't do a very good job of cleaning it up - I guess that may have been due to it being so dark.On to the FOOD...The BRUSCHETTA!!! Sooo good. I had dreams about this after I ate here. My party ordered every type. Favorites: 1) Tomato, Mozzarella, Basil, Balsamic Reduction2) Hummus, Chive, Saffron Oil3) Roasted Peppers, Goat Cheese, Garlic, Tomato Jam4) Apples, Brie, Fig Jam, Honey and Agave Drizzle Not so good:1) Sauteed Wild Mushrooms, Caramelized Onions (don't order this unless you like a STRONG onion taste).2) Prosciutto, Mascarpone Cheese , Fig Jam, Tomato Jam (I felt like the fig jam ruined this for me. It was overly sweet and interfered with the other flavors).Crispy Calamari Chili with basil dipping sauce- great! We were considering ordering another.Seared Ahi Sunomono - ordered for another member of my party. I'm not a huge fan of seared ahi but it was decent. I'm biased because I don't really like it.Pears, Figs & Brie - loved it. Only complaint - tiny, teeny weeny portions for $7.95. Guess I should've seen it coming!Overall, despite the fact that it's a bit pricey and that I'm not a wine connoisseur in the least, I'd definitely return here.
3	The first time we went to this place was for a graduation party that one of my friends had hosted with her family. Our experience was amazing. Food, service, and value...    We were hungry and I wanted to have the lamb burger with taziki  and hand cut fries. Great dish btw, it delivered and was bomb. We came back on Saturday night  the place was a little messy and we were not greeted at the door. We sat down at a different spot. You have to admit the place is amazingly designed, 5 stars for that alone.   I got my lamb burger that I was missing and my friend  got the chipotle  chicken RISOTTO , which was damn disappointing it was not hot and had no flavor. For me, no complaint. My burger was okay one thing that was different this time the burger was much smaller than the bun which are great, but I wanted to taste the lamb and some time I was left with a mouthful of bread.
5	What a wonderful little restaurant. My sister and I happened upon this little gem and absolutely loved it. The food was pretty delicious. We started with a fruit and cheese tray and then had soup and salads. I can't say enough about the service. I'm a sucker for good service and this place had it. Anyone in the area needs to try this place out, I highly recommend it.
5	Came from Southern CA to visit friends who had just moved to the Phoenix area.  On 10/26 we went on an "adventure" to show them Old Town Scottsdale.  We were lucky enough to find a parking space right outside the restaurant to begin our tour.  And ended up here for our late lunch. We were greeted immediately on entering and decided to eat inside.  The wait staff were friendly and helpful in making our decisions.The food was delicious.  My husband and I shared a bowl of the butternut squash soup, the cobb salad, and an elk burger. **The soup was hot, creamy, with toasted pine nuts - I would have licked the bowl if at home**The cobb salad came with 2 fried eggs!**The elk burger was moist and tastyThe only thing wrong is that they wouldn't share the soup recipe!  Will definitely go back when in the area
5	Get waiter Scott !!!!! He's this best of the best here !!!!!!
5	Halloween night. Nice, mellow live music on the patio. The patio is behind the restaurant and away from traffic noise and commotion. Very relaxing atmosphere. Place wasn't packed and the wine prices at Happy Hour are outstanding. Big selection to choose from. As everyone else commented, the bruschetta was wonderful, especially the apple & fig. The service was fast, friendly, efficient and not intrusive. We will return here in the future.
5	Great happy hour specials, chill environment. Perfect place to unwind and get drinks after work
3	We came with high expectations and it did not deliver. The atmosphere was much too loud. It must be the ceilings that echo. The food was just o.k. We liked the fried pickles and sweet potato chili was creative. The sea bass was overpriced and tasty but did not come with a vegetable and starch. The band was outside and very loud.
2	We went around 7:30 on a Saturday night for my wife's birthday.  We were a group of 6 sitting on the couches in the back just having wine.  The service was so bad, we actually had to stand and raise our hands to get refills on drinks. It wouldn't be so bad except that the place was only half full and there were three employees standing around chatting near hostess stand.  One from our party then ordered a desert which they forgot about.. The bruschetta was good but not original.   There are too many nice places near old town Scottsdale to return to this one.
2	Hey, feel like overpaying for terrible service and lukewarm food? Then dine here!Your meal will take an outrageous 2 hours, since the food will arrive at your table 40 minutes after ordering. The server won't be apologetic which makes future interaction awkward. Not to worry - surrounding tables are enduring same degree of disregard! The tables which were sat after you will likely get their food first (after waiting 35 blissful minutes of hungry confusion-turned-rage). But wait- dine soon and your server will forget part of your order altogether. And that food? Oh, it's been awaiting to be expedited and is now lukewarm! Hurry, this offer won't last!
1	We came here a two weekends ago using a Groupon offer they had at the time (10$ off 20$ worth of food).We thought the patio was lovely, sat outside to enjoy the weather, ordered some really nice red wines, at the recommendation of our server, and ordered the elk burger. ($14.95 Wyoming Elk, crispy shallots, spicy raspberry jalapeno ketchup). The burger was to die for. Literally the best burger I've had in years. So much flavor, properly cooked, with perfect accompaniments. We absolutely loved our meal and wine selections and were ready to rave about this place to our friends...That is until the bill came. The total charge was $6.93 (thank you Groupon deal!). We paid with a $100 bill. The change came back...but in this massive pile of 5's and mostly 1's. No coins. Ok, that was odd...so we counted the bills. It was off by 19$ (and the coins). We immediately waived the server over and said, "We think this change might have been miscounted..?" Totally nice about it. The server then goes behind the corner and comes out seconds later, placing a 20$ bill into the mess. He did not even count the bills that we handed over to him! Also, now we actually had an extra dollar..and still no coins...but whatever. I REALLY, REALLY do not want to think he did this on purpose, but I am so sorry to say it seems as if he did. Why would he not count that massive wad of 1's and 5's and yet somehow know how much we were short changed?? We are under the impression that the server saw the new $100 bill we paid with and assumed that we wouldn't count the change that came back (especially since it was only 1's and 5's.) Also- who gives back change on a $100 in that manner? Exactly! I am really sorry to leave a 1 star rating for this place as the food was STELLAR. Unfortunately, the service left a very bad taste in our mouths. Way to ruin an otherwise exceptional meal. :(
5	Cheap happy hour wine, delicious bruschetta, and comfy chairs. Only thing that would make this place better would be grapes fed to me from the vine... a girl can dream I suppose.Oh one bad thing, the wings are subpar but it's a wine place, who the hell gets the wings?
4	The chopped salad is great, would love more salami though.  Also love the tortilla soup, I ask for avacado in it, for sure hotter than served.  Great wine as well.
4	Awesome patio. Good wine special for hh. Cheese and fruit tray was plentiful.  Good place to go!!!
4	Just an all around classy place to enjoy a night out with friends or a date, listening to music, sipping on cold adult tasty beverages and devouring through their vast appetizer menu.
4	Came in for happy hour and stayed through dinner! They have an awesome selection of happy hour items. We tried the stuffed mushrooms and fried pickles, which were both delicious! Our server was knowledgable about the wines and helped us pick out a great bottle Chardonnay which happened to be $20 on happy hour! We also ordered the Mac n cheese, meat balls and butternut squash soup. The meatballs were honestly some of the best I've had... The sauce was delicious.We'll be coming back here! Especially for happy hour!
4	This place is small and casual. The best item on the menu is the bruschetta. At an great and reasonable cost this makes it a great place to stop in and eat at.
5	Best bruschetta ever! The waitress was great. She allowed us to have a great dining experience without hovering and pushing us out of the place. Drinks were great. We went on a Saturday night and there was a live band. Would return!
4	The manhattans are not bad here. I will be back...
3	A few friends and I decided that rather than going out and getting obliterated New Year's Eve we wanted to go to a nice dinner instead.  5th and Wine was in a centralized location for us and had last minute reservation availability when I called a couple days before.  When we arrived we were about 10 minutes late and I was worried they wouldn't be able to accommodate us anymore but they still seated us right away.  The area is a bit crammed, every time a server helped a table next to us I felt like I had to lean back to avoid being bumped into but it has a nice ambience.  There were a couple guys playing live music which was nice, albeit a little loud.Our server was friendly, attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.  My friend asked kind of a silly question about one of the items which made me laugh because it had an obvious answer but he answered her with complete professionalism and didn't make her feel stupid like I did (I'm a great friend I swear).  He always made sure we had everything we needed, checking back frequently.The food itself I would say was average.  I ordered the prime rib special which came with brussel sprouts and a kind of cooked potato salad.  The potato salad was great, very different with great flavors.  The brussel sprouts seemed a little underdone and didn't have a lot of flavor to them.  The prime rib was cooked correctly which is always a plus in my book but it was bordering on cold/lukewarm temperature and was kind of tough.  I realize that being New Year's Even the kitchen was probably backed up and things happen so I'm willing to give them another chance but I was kind of disappointed about that.  I'll make sure next time I go that it's a more relaxed time.
5	Great wait staff good menu. The burger was good and i had the chicken sandwich was nice an moist. Deserts were delicious. The pine nut brittle was worth trying
4	Very good food!! Came in with a mixed group of kids and adults.we were able to find something appealing to everyone's taste!!! Thank you for making Phoenix a fun place to wine & dine!!!!
2	I used to frequent 5th and Wine because of the great atmosphere and service but was sadly disappointed last night.  I felt as though our server was rushing us through our meal by not allowing us time to finish our courses before crowding our table with the next round of plates.  When the entrees arrived there seemed to be some confusion on behalf of our server because the wrong order was placed.  After sitting watching my dinner mate complete his entire meal my plate finally arrived with many apologies through the remainder of the meal.  Being already irritated from the inconvenience, I was even more disenchanted with my experience when I discovered that my pork tenderloin was over cooked, crispy and dry.  Needles to say I was no longer in the mood to endure my dinner when the check came with more apologies from our server.  On the check it visibly showed the errors that were made and the adjustments put in but what I did not see was a good faith adjustment of any sort to make up for the overall frustrating experience.  When I mentioned this to the server he seemed completely oblivious.  Sorry 5th and Wine but I may need to take another hiatus from frequenting your establishment.  And just so you know, being offered a comp desert for the inconvenience, when we are obviously very ready to leave is sort of an insult.
5	Loved this place! Not too much in happy hour menu as far as food, but prices are pretty good without. Mac n cheese is delicious! Bruschetta was yummy especially red pepper and gosh cheese!
3	Decent brushetta, cheap wine, good happy hour.Only problem is the live music on weekends.  This place has 2 rooms, the main room with the band and a back room. The bands here are WAY too loud, they are loud even if you are in the other room, and the only tables ever open are the ones near the band (hmm I wonder why). Came here as a couple with another couple to get wine and appetizers, all 4 in our group said, at the same time, "mrmrhg rmrhr mrhghrh hgd", but that was unintelligible because it was too loud so then we all shouted to each other, "TOO LOUD LETS GO".This place is already OK, but it would be GREAT if it had dimmer mood lighting and a jazz CD.  Ditch the live bands.
4	I love the wine selection here! Sometimes there are even wine tasting events that are great!The food is really solid too. I have tried most of the menu and have never had a bad dish. My all time favorite is the steak. My only complaint is that the bruschetta is solid, but I hesitate to call it really good since this doesn't really compare to Postinos. 5th & Wine is a really good spot for a big group, party, etc.!
4	Solid chicken sandwich and solid veggie sandwich. I'm not a huge fan of the patio doesn't really feel like you are outside cramped between other buildings.  Great happy hour and a ton of wines by the glass for reasonable prices.  Spicy nuts are tasty.
5	Awesome service.  Scott, our server, was excellent.  The treatment we received was top notch.  It seems to rare these days.
5	I picked a friend up at the airport and decided to stop in for a relaxing glass of wine and some good munchies as suggested by my Yelp friends. As usual, they didn't steer me wrong! Thank you very much!I'm going to start with the OUTSTANDING service. We sat at the bar, though next time I think I see us lounging in the chairs.... We were immediately greeted by our awesome bartender, Cindar.  Having never been here before she made some excellent suggestions. The first amazing thing we ordered was the Caprese with crusty bread with fresh burrata (cream of creamy mozzarella) cheese, tomatoes, olive oil and dribbles of balsamic. It was fantastic! We also sampled 4 of the widely talked about bruschetta. All were extremely flavorful and had some unique flavors. Everything was so fresh and tasty.  We also shared a burger which was also obviously made from all fresher than fresh ingredients, topped with Cambozola blue cheese and arugula and seasoned fries which were hot crispy and absolutely delicious!This was a Wednesday night (after their awesome happy hour hours) and the place was still lively with a happy group sitting outside enjoying a cool February evening under some heaters. I can't wait to go back for a happy hour. Or when we have guests again! This will definitely be on the list of places to visit.
4	This is a great place for a date!The patio is perfect when it's nice out.  They have live music and it is really impressive.  It's inside when it's too cold, and outside when the weather is right for it.  The service is outstanding, as is the food.  My wife and I love the bruschetta.  I love the 5th and Wine Burger.  Yum.  During one visit, our appetizer came at the same time as our entree, but our server was quick to apologize and take the appetizer off the check.  Overall, we love this place and it's VERY close to a 5-star restaurant.ENJOY!
5	Great atmosphere, friendly staff go during happy hour and save some $$$
4	A girlfriend and I went one Thursday night so that we could also do the Scottsdale Art Walk.  While we were too late for the Art Walk (and further away than I previously realized), I was very happy to discover 5th and Wine.  Great choices of wines by the glass, and perfect food for a girls' night out.
4	I am loving this place! I took out of town friends twice in 2 months, and can't wait to go back again soon!I believe happy hour is 'til 6 M-F, and unfortunately I haven't made it to HH yet, but I've been for dinner both times. The food is great for sharing (bruschetta - YUM, calamari, fried pickles, burrata dish). The wine list is extensive and reasonable. Friday and Saturday nights there is live music . I suggest sitting on the patio - they have heat lamps and you can be closer to the music. Great service! A must-go if you are in Old Town.
3	This place is just "OK".  I went there with a party of 4.  We had a wings, chopped salad, Caesar salad and two veggie salads.  The chopped salad is pretty small and they really skimp on the salami and turkey that is supposed to come with the salad.  The veggie salad was better and the chicken was very good- but still just an average salad.  If you're in the area this is a decent place to get a bite but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
4	Great location. Very fun. They had a lady there singing was was pretty neat. The place was packed. We had a blast. If your in the area, stop in here.
5	Delicious!!I was in the mood for a burger.. but being a pescatarian makes that a bit of a difficult situation.So, I ordered the marinated portabello burger from here!  Delicious, and the sweet potato fries were amazing as well.Would love to come back and try all the bruschettas!
5	Fried pickles are the bomb! Terrific wine choices and outdoor seating with heaters if you get chilly. What's not to like here?
4	5th and wine was incredibly accommodating to a large group of us on a busy Saturday night. The food took a while to come out of the kitchen, but the waitress gave us the heads up that they were backed up, before we order.  There were good deals on wine, and I enjoyed both of the wines I tasted. I ordered the burrata caprese, and the kale Caesar to split with a friend. The burrata was great, but the cinnamon pine nuts in the salad made it too sweet for my liking. The portions were small, so if you're a big eater be prepared to order several dishes.
1	Wine great, service great but disgusting restrooms! Two nights in a row. This is a nice place but do something with your standards for sanitation!!!!!!
4	Nice happy hour food and wine.  Outside seating with a canopy covering, but  I could do without the view of shops.  I don't get it.  There are cute couches and tables that should feel comfortable, but instead it feels like I am sitting in the shopping center. Put up some shrubbery or something.  I still give it 4 stars b/c I don't know anything that is better in the area.  If I am in Scottsdale this is where I am going for wine and snacks.
3	Great chicken pesto pasta, although last night it was a little oily... but usually great. Tried the Chipotle risotto special last night - it was ok, but didn't love the very small portion that was still $20.Brushetta is ok, but not great. Definitely pales in comparison to a Postino. Fried Pickles are good - but see if they'll give you some wing/hot sauce to go with them.Still a good place to hang out on the weekends, play some games, get some munchies and have some wine or mimosas.
2	We got here at 7. It is now 8:54. We still have no food. Apparently this place cannot handle big groups. Also they told some of us the chicken pot pie was available. And then they came back and said it was not. Hopes and dreams crushed.
2	Meh. I won't bother going back.  I ordered a chopped salad & found it to be one the worst salads I have ever had. Watery lettuce & not much substance. Oh well, there is much better!
4	We wanted to find a place to grab a quick dinner before heading to the Botanical Gardens for a concert. My gf found this place had a (h)appy hour - cheap drinks and eats? I'm in!We snagged a table out on the patio and looked over the menu. We figured since we were doing appies, we got all the ones we wanted :) We sipped our cocktails as we waited for our fried pickles, stuffed mushrooms, baked brie, pan fried dumplings and sausage stuffed peppers to come out. The portions were small enough so it was perfect for the amount of food we ordered. Everything was super tasty - my favourite was the brie, it was baked with a jalapeno jelly and served with dried fruits & nuts and cute heart shaped crackers.It came out just under $50 for us to have a light enjoyable dinner, what a steal!
4	Every time I have been to 5th and Wine, no complaints at all.  Great vibe, great prices, and great service.  The wings are outstanding and the burger is great as well.  The wine prices are fabulous as the portions are just right.  My girlfriend loves the bruschetta as well as all of the other items on the menu.  Perfect zest and quality to the wings.  We always come back to 5th and Wine.  Parking can be difficult, but it's usually fine whenever I have gone.
2	Prices are expensive and food is not good.... I do like the outdoor seating and its great for groups but they need to step up with their food. Everything sounds so yummy on the menu but when it comes out its bland, maybe its what we ordered?  The waitress also took forever to give us our check.  I'm not sure I need some convicing to come back.
4	I really enjoy this place! They do live music and the patio is huge... The last time I went I did wait a little longer for food than one should but it was busy so understandable!
4	Dropped in a whim and was pleasantly surprised. We had the hummus, which was a small portion but had tzaziki, cucumbers, red peppers and crackers. Probably would have been nice with some bread, but delicious nonetheless. We shared a spinach salad with goat cheese, candied nuts and a bacon vinaigrette and a bahn mi sandwich. All very good but I noticed there wasn't a lot of pork belly on the sandwich so the bread to belly ratio was 70-30. Service was attentive and the sangria was great too. All in all...great experience.
5	This is by far my favorite wine spot in the greater Phoenix area. Best happy hour ever! Amazing wines for $5 a glass and cheap appetizers too. Though my personal favorite is the chopped salad. I get it almost every time. And you have to try the fries...they have the tastiest seasoning on them! On top of all this, their staff is all so friendly and helpful, and knowledgeable about their wines, which is hard to come by!
5	If you like bruschetta, you'll love this place! I love the roasted red pepper and the prosciutto is good too! This use to be the go-to spot on Wine Wednesdays for happy hour for my friends and I. The outdoor seating area is fun when it isn't too hot, and they have live music sometimes too! Love!
5	Stopped in to have a drink or two. This place is unbelievable!  Lindsey is an incredible bartender. Highly recommended....
5	We had dinner here last night after scrolling yelp for all the choices of where to get a glass of wine and a light bite. Yelp never fails! Neither did 5th & Wine. We made a reservation off the yelp app and took Uber  up the way to 5th. There was a wonderful band playing and we opted for a patio table outside. We started with a Pinot Noir and a Blanc sparkling wine off of Yanni's picks , as we had a yelp check in offer for such . , Our wonderful, well, versed waitress, Amber, even spoke with her manager to see if we both could use the yelp offer, (as it's usually only one p/check in), and it was honored. I would say don't expect that always, but a sweet gesture. Amber knew the menu well and helped with our wine selections; she did not rush us thru any part of our night and seriously, I've not had a waitress so nice in a very long time; it's refreshing. One must do the bruschetta! We opted to sample all 6! Our favorite being the prosciutto with fig jam and mascarpone cheese... Yum! But all of them won't disappoint! My boyfriend and I split the Risotta of the day with Roasted Red Pepper Cream Sauce and topped with several large grilled prawns and topped with Parmesan cheese. Even with us splitting, we could not complete it all. This place is just lovely! If we lived in Scottsdale, it would be a regular 'go to' place because of the ambience and friendliness of the staff!
4	Nice subdued atmosphere.  Just enough energy.  Excellent food and service.  Couches were quite comfortable.  We stayed until very end but didn't feel pressured to leave or anything.
4	Very fun place to go either on a date or on a night out with your girlfriends.  Dimly lit, romantic ambiance.  The outside patio is very nice! I especially love their bruschetta, salads, mac and cheese, and fried pickles!
4	The place had live music and a good atmosphere. I had a Bruschetta should have been jelly with toast. The Cobb salad was the best Cobb salad I have ever had.
3	Been here many times. Usually like the food and value but not this time, for my meal anyway. I ordered the spaghetti squash scampi and there were only 3 shrimp for $20! Tasted good but very small portion!On plus side, happy hour all day. Stick with the $9 burger and wine.
5	Perfect Happy Hour for  the Happy Hour type of people.  Friendly,  honest staff members,  great prices,  cute snacks and large bar to accommodate solo visitors.  Randi is great!
4	I'm a big fan of 5th and Wine. It's one of those places that anytime I'm meeting up with someone and they suggest it, I'm always like "Ooh, yeah!" Great selections of wines and very knowledgeable staff...but understated knowledgeable not pretentious. For example, I like wine but I'm far from a connoisseur and when I give cryptic descriptions on the type of wine I want last night's for example: "I want a sweeter wine like a pinot grigio or a Riesling but I want it to be less fruity and sweet and more like...buttery. You know how some wines are sorta buttery?" Ha! Yeah. Most servers would be like...WHAT? But this gal was like "No, no, I totally get what you mean. I think I have the perfect thing but if you don't like it, we can try the other one I'm thinking of." Well that 'other one' wasn't necessary because she knew exactly what I meant and her suggestion was perfect. Speaking of the server being awesome...she really was fantastic! I arrived at 5:54pm and she quickly came to my table and was like, "Can I grab you a drink while it's still happy hour?" Um...yes please! Also, their food is delicious! I really like this place overall and everyone that I bring here usually ends up coming back and bringing someone else. It's a good place.
5	We came because of the $5 glasses of wine and oh were they good. Viogner blend is crisp & fresh, the cab franc was smoky.  The service was great our waitress was very candid & funny. The apple & prosciutto bruschetta are both amazing, you can mix & match.
3	Some friends & I had dinner at 5th & wine for a birthday night. Food was pretty good & I had a really interesting grapefruit beer. The night we visited there was live entertainment that I definitely could've done without. It was just too noisy in there. Seems like a great place for a happy hour though!!
2	Meh. Usually I am excited about wine and food places, but the food here was nothing special.  Had tuna poke which was pretty good however the tuna was not ice cold :( had a mushroom bruschetta which was a huge let down....and red sangria which was nothing to call home about. The atmosphere explained it all...hardly no one there on a Saturday night. There are supposedly 500 restaurants in scottsdale and this one is not one to make a top priority. Too bad.
4	I picked this place to meet up with a friend for a glass of wine and was not disappointed.  We wound up having wine and cocktails, and both were perfect!  Our waitress was beyond friendly and really made it worth coming! We will certainly be back to try the Happy Hour!
4	Stopped in for a couple of glasses of wine on a Saturday night.  There was live music inside - very enjoyable.  Not overly loud and still able to have a conversation without screaming.  We moved to the patio and enjoyed the evening with misters keeping things cool.  Great service and nice wine.  I did not sample food, but the everything on the menu sounded delicious.  Very nice atmosphere inside and outside.
4	So, I can thank Groupon for finally coming to this place.  I've heard so much about it, but waited for 3 yrs after moving here before I finally gave this a try.  The experience and food was great.  Over several visits, we ordered:Wings Korean BBQ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5th-and-wine-scottsdale?select=pTbXHxZ8CicgWm7jBdWvlA#pTbXHxZ8CicgWm7jBdWvlALamb Burger w/Pork Bellyhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5th-and-wine-scottsdale?select=92bjst7gE-8qXpkb95HEvw#92bjst7gE-8qXpkb95HEvwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5th-and-wine-scottsdale?select=9dyAgYrFMaWu8tpXcdtMAg#9dyAgYrFMaWu8tpXcdtMAgFrieshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5th-and-wine-scottsdale?select=-S_-WGJYnRVH7vQATf2SpQ#-S_-WGJYnRVH7vQATf2SpQBison Burgerhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5th-and-wine-scottsdale?select=-fWYw7JinySzB4reU21JGQ#-fWYw7JinySzB4reU21JGQ5th & Wine Burger w/White Cheddarhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5th-and-wine-scottsdale?select=gN4OONYG9QxzVITRaTpfRg#gN4OONYG9QxzVITRaTpfRgPortobello Burgerhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5th-and-wine-scottsdale?select=lQkcHDKn3MCqNf8CA8r1cw#lQkcHDKn3MCqNf8CA8r1cwPomodoro Pasta w/Meatballshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5th-and-wine-scottsdale?select=G3Jc9YQUM7xx4NN1szZ6FA#G3Jc9YQUM7xx4NN1szZ6FAStuffed Mushroomshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/5th-and-wine-scottsdale?select=yMUE2PBzrW6l5tBWbrxoNg#yMUE2PBzrW6l5tBWbrxoNgMy favorite out of all of the items was the Bison Burger and the Pomodoro Pasta w/Meatballs....very very good!The servers here were good, except for 1 visit where she was a bit inattentive....that could be due to the fact she had our table, which was inside, and other tables out on the patio....out of sight, out of mind is what they say.During each visit, I noticed that there was always a large table full of women and tables with women only with gifts, etc.....this must be a bachelorette/birthday/GNO hub of sorts...who knows, those tables are always loud which is why I noticed them every visit.Overall, this place is pretty cool.Return Factor - 90%
2	Really disappointing. We went for happy hour first. This was out first meal. Very limited menu, which in itself isn't bad but it just wasn't stellar. Lots of people here at happy hour but it dumped out right after and most people left were drinking wine, which its the point I guess. The burgers were eh, salads were truly under-seasoned and tasteless, and I had to order the wings and the sauce tasted like Chinese sweet and sour sauce. Sorry, just not what we expected and we wont be back. With so many A-1 places less than two blocks away, not hard to decide where to go.
5	LOVE this place..They even have a great Happy Hour on the week-ends..The menu is incredible..Alex,Mgr.is the Best and always wants to please..We just had a small re-union and,of course,i suggested we go to 5th.& Wine..A good time had by all.Don't be shy about trying the deep fried Pickles---yum---along with a fabulous Wine selection ($5.00 / $6.00 a glass)
5	Delicious food, great service, & of course yummy drinks. We ate the antipasto appetizer, which was delectable, Osso Bucco, Organic Salmon, lamb burger, & bison burger. All were cooked to order and delicious! We would definitely come back.
5	I would say best bruschetta by FAR in Scottsdale. The prices are awesome too! Great spot for a casual dinner or a glass of wine and apps! Love doing a girls night meet up after work and sit on the patio!
3	I came in to 5th & Wine with a a few friends on a Friday for Happy Hour and dinner. We ended up only doing happy hour and deciding to go elsewhere for dinner. The happy hour is fine - good prices on drinks but no real break on food. The food we did get was fine, but we ended up thinking it wasn't good enough to justify the cost, hence heading elsewhere for dinner. The service was fine. It took a while to get our first drink order in and he didn't give us a chance to accompany that with a food order. Beer took a while to get out but wine came quickly.I was disappointed in the white sangria. I was expecting a fruity and refreshing drink, and instead it tasted like a super sweet cocktail with only a maraschino cherry and one orange wedge as garnish. If you want a wine cocktail and can stomach sweet drinks, then this is perfect. Off the HH menu we got:- Hummus Plate: As you'd expect. The hummus was fine, there were a few cucumbers and pita pieces. The tzatiki sauce had a little bit of a crust/film over it so perhaps they prep HH plates ahead of time.- Warm Brie: Just fine. A small round of brie slightly warmed with an interesting lavendar/apple butter type sauce on top with a few thin wedges of apple and some water crackers. I would have liked the brie hotter and more melty. I guess that's the difference between baked brie and "warm" brie.- Tempura Artichokes: Also just fine. I've never had/seen this dish before so was excited to try it. It's thin artichoke leaves dipped in tempura and fried. They ended up being a little too thin to be really satisfying...I'll be on the look out for tempura artichoke hearts on other menus because that could be truly good.I think I would come back here for a drinks-only HH on the patio, which still felt a little too hot in the dead of summer but with their sun sail and ample misters, I'm sure it's amazing the rest of the year.
5	5th and Wine is a treasure of Old Town Scottsdale. Great wine menu, and the friendly wait staff is always happy to suggest wines according to your preference. Good happy hour, too- strong Manhattans! Love the atmosphere of this place, and am always happy to return.
4	We went for a date night and were pretty pleased.  We had to wait a little longer than expected, even though we had a reservation, but it wasn't too bad.  The restaurant seemed pretty noisy, so we were happy to sit on the left side next to the private room.  We enjoyed the Arizona Restaurant Week menu and had the Daily Risotto and the Bison Burger.  We shared our plates and enjoyed both.  The chocolate mousse was amazing as well.  I also had a glass of the Drops of Jupiter red blend by Train.  It was wonderful.  Parking was average.  We heard a live band outside on the patio and would like to sit outside next time.  I would definitely go again for either Happy Hour with the girls or on another date.
5	Love 5th & Wine!!! We go there quite a bit, and I've tried many of their menu options. The selection of wine is always top notch. The mixed drinks are very good and I challenge anyone to find a better Bloody Mary for Sunday Brunch!From their Fried Pickles to the Bruschetta,  to the daily Risotto - everything is delicious. The Tuna Poke is always fresh, so if you enjoy the raw stuff, go for it.I've never has bad service and, if you go on the weekends, take advantage of the live music on the patio. Always pleasant and entertaining.5th & Wine is a great place to hang out and enjoy goof food, good wine, and good music.
5	The most fabulous lunch place and great for wine! So cute and comfortable love this place!  Staff is amazing!
2	I bought the Groupon value $20 because I saw the pork Osso Bucco on the menu.  I love Osso Bucco, even pork.  It was $18.95 and the meat potion was really small.  The meat, although it was not hopelessly adhered to the bone, meat itself was very hard, dry, like it was baked in the oven for hours without fluids.  The meat was very very bland.  I asked for extra gravy but the gravy was not at all tasty and did not improve the meat.  It was so horrid, ICK!   I had also ordered a $3 caesar salad, but the salad, tho tasty, was also very small in portion.  I ate alone.  I was so disappointed.  I could not see myself getting through that osso bucco, so the waitress took it away.  She offered to not charge me, but I already out the moneyh for the Groupon.  I could not find anything else on the small dinner menu to use up my $20.  The manager came to talk to me.  He said all the pork shanks were the same, and he would not be able to find me a less dry piece.  I never sent back osso bucco before, but I did this one.  I got talked into the spaghetti squash for $19.95, with scampi cream sauce and 4 large shrimp.  It tasted much better than the osso bucco, but I felt the shrimp was hard , audibly crunchy even tho it was not fried, and overdone.  It is not anything I would order again.The restaurant also was sooooo noisy, as soon as I walked in there I was overwhelmed with such a roar of noise.   Nothing in the decor dampens the sound, all hard surfaces.  I sat outside on the patio, which had less of a roar.  I am giving it a 2 star instead of one, because the service was not rude, it was not the waitress's fault I didn't like the osso bucco, and the manager did come to talk to me about the osso bucco and how they "braise" it and tried to help me find something else on the menu, and he did take the $3 salad off my bill.  I do not drink wine so cannot comment on that.  I will never come back here again, even for free food.  I couldn't wait to come back to my computer to write this review.
5	I have been here many times and they give great service and I love the food. Fantastic  atmosphere especially when one of their bands are playing. Good patio too if you like sitting outside.  Highly recommend!
5	How could a review of 5th and Wine have escaped me? We've been coming here pretty much since they opened and have enjoyed every visit. Given the prime location in the middle of Old Town, it is one of the only budget-friendly wine bars that still maintains a delicious menu, great choices for vino and a welcoming ambience. Inside seating is very enjoyable with some nights of live music sprinkled throughout the week, but the patio is where I typically hunker down. The wine selection for happy hour is stellar and the noshes totally hit the spot. Fried pickles please! Oh, and and extra order of Mac N Cheese is usually on the dockett. The sheer number of vegetarian and fish choices is a relief compared to many of its similarly-priced Scottsdale peers, and how nice to be stumped by indecision! What I really love is that the patio accommodates groups very well and is dog-friendly, so I can let my hound dog chill here while I catch up with friends over vino.Cherry on top? Service is super friendly. I don't think there is anything about this place I don't like. Well ok, there have been quite a few smooth jazz nights for my liking, but as I mentioned - I'm usually too busy chatting it up on the patio, so it hardly bothers me. I haven't been for brunch yet, but I will be soon!
5	Quick service and fun place to meet up in old town. Great options for Happy Hour just wish it would be longer than til 6! If you want a great glad of wine- you found your place!
3	Went here with a large group and the service was good. However, the food was okay nothing amazing. They have a nice patio which would be great for happy hour. The   bruschettas were okay and kinda pricey. They do not have as many flavors as postinos. I also felt the taste of the bruschettas were not well balanced. However, our group did have a nice time. Next time, I will not order the white sangria it was small, too sweet, and full of ice. I think this is a better happy hour spot than anything else...
5	5th and Wine is an absolutely phenomenal restaurant for food and wine!  I've been coming here for their monthly wine pairing dinners, and I have to say that I have never been disappointed.  Every month, a wine representative comes with 4-5 different wines, and the Chef at 5th and Wine creates a menu that highlights the best aspects of those wines.  Last night the representative was from Talbott, and the pairing was sensational!!  Pumpkin soup with creole lobster paired with a Chardonnay - STUNNING!  Stuffed pork tenderloin with a medium bodied Pinot Noir - FABULOUS!  And I don't normally eat dessert, but you bet your bottom dollar that I spooned up every bite of the brie and berry bread pudding (seriously, they need to add this to their full-time menu).The atmosphere is always inviting, the staff are incredibly friendly, and the company is always pleasurable.  Looking forward to indulging in more of these pairings in the future :)
5	What a great restaurant!  We visit the Phoenix area 4 -5  times a year for work, so we're always looking for new places to try. I'd wanted a place that was casual but without the din of a typical sports bar, which is how so many casual restaurants are.  This place really fit the bill.  The wine selection was good but non-pretentious.  The decor is fun and friendly.  And the food was great.  We had the fried pickles as an appetizer. I ordered it mostly because I could not imagine what that might be.  Wow - completely yummy!  I am not sure how they get them so juicy on the inside, yet crisp on the outside...but they do.  My husband got the chicken sandwich and he said it was one of the best he'd ever had.  I had the Sloppy Joe and it was great - fun comfort food.  We shared the chocolate mousse to share for dessert.The whole meal, with wine, was only $75.  I thought that was more than fair.  We will definitely be back to try more menu items in the future!
4	Came here for my work Christmas party yesterday. The staff was amazing and not one of us ever had an empty drink. All of my female coworkers loved their root beer martinis. One suggestion is they get an IPA on draft. For diner we had a set menu. I ordered the hanger steak. It was cooked to medium PERFECTLY but in my opinion it could have been seasoned with a little more salt and pepper before cooking. I tried my coworkers salmon and it was great. Overall it has a great atmosphere and staff.
4	Solid food and drinks.  I have met a lot of interesting and cool people hanging out at the bar. And they have an awesome back patio.  This is one of my favorite places for happy hour for both wine and cocktails.  The 5th Ave Manhattan is $5 on happy hour.  And they have some exiting wine choices at $5, $7, or $9 depending upon the fanciness of what you want to drink.  The first time I was there I asked if they had Blanton's bourbon.  They did not, but the bartender made a call right then and there in front of me.   Upon my second visit they have Blanton's, and have carried it ever since.  That feels pretty special to me. Also, they have tasty wings (not Buffalo style, rather a tangy sweet chili style), yummy meatballs, and other happy hour good eats.  I have only eaten dinner there once. I ate the pork osso buco for $18 which was fall off the bone delicious.  And the bottle list for red wine is not extensive, but great nonetheless.  All in all, this is a solid spot in the heart of Art District in Old Town Scottsdale.  Note:  I only gave them 4 stars, not 5, because I am not a fan of the music on Thur-Sat nights.  This is a personal preference, just not my kind of music.
3	I thought the food and ambience was fine. We had the antipasta plate (charcuterie and cheese) and it was fine but it was served with crackers rather than bread so that was a little bit of a let down. I will say the cheese in that plate was really good although serving sizes was small. It was definitely a meat heavy dish. We also shared some bruschettas and those were really good. Butternut squash soup was good but not very filling. Also the restaurant was pretty cold- I kept my sweater and jacket on for the entire meal.
5	I've been to 5th and Wine several times now, and it is becoming one of our favorite "go to" wine bars in Scottsdale.  I was there for dinner with a party of 3 for New Years Eve before going to a concert.  The evening could not have been more perfect!  Our server, Erin, was wonderful (and funny...went along with all our corny jokes).  The trio playing jazz inside was terrific....and not playing too loudly as often happens.We have always received outstanding service here.  The waitstaff is always personable and helpful.  Although used to going to wine bars, we really appreciate the "low key" atmosphere and attitude of the staff here - no "snobbery" here.  The food is always outstanding....we love the buffalo and lamb burgers in particular.  Cheese plates and crackers are always excellent.  They have a fun and varied menu, and it seems like it is always "happy hour" there, with SO MANY wines at $5 per glass.  You can't go wrong...
5	They have so much to offer.  The food and wine list are perfect for the budget.  They offer live entertainment and Brunch too!
5	Had a business meeting here recently. Great meatballs and sauce. Very cool atmosphere. Great place to bring a date. Make sure you plan in advance. Frequently busy. A definite recommendation for anyone looking for a wine and dine type vibe.
