5	Excellent service here, the doctors are very professional, the wait isn't long, and the lobby is quite comfortable.
5	If Yelp allows 10 stars, I will give Dr Moretsky 20 stars.  Back in 2005, me and my wife were getting married and preparing our wedding. It was just a week before our wedding, my wife was trying different makeups/fake eyelashes in a salon, at the end of that night, she had to remove all those fake eyelashes with eye makeup remover. It was not easy to take them off but eventually she got them all off. We then went to sleep and that's when our nightmare about to start. Around 3 am Saturday morning, my wife wake up scramming, both of her eyes were burning like crazy and she couldn't even open to see anything. I honestly didn't know what to do at that point, I was about to call 911 but as soon as I claim down, I remember Dr Moretsky does Lasik Surgery on Sat early morning since both of us had Lasik Surgery done by Dr Moretsky few years prior to that. With no appointment, no phone call, we arrived at their office early 7 am. We walked into the office and explained the situation to them. The staffs were very nice and informed Dr Moretsky the situation. We were then told Dr Moretsky will see us but we need to wait couple hours until he finished his surgery for that morning. We had no problem waiting and was so glad he was coming to check out my wife's eyes.Couple hours passed, Dr Moretsky checked my wife's eyes and told us her eyes were scratched up by the eye makeup remover, she won't go blind. With some treatments and covered them up couple days, she was able to see again!  I was so happy and relief. My wife and I had our wedding as scheduled a week later and we really really appreciated Dr Moretsky's help.
5	I had been contemplating LASIK vision correction ever since my father and sister had their surgery performed by Dr. Moretsky and Dr. Cassidy serveral years ago. They both raved about not only the results they received from the surgery, but the professionalism of the entire staff. Having two family members validate an already impressive reputation Dr. Moretsky and Dr. Cassidy have built for themselves got me in the door, but what Dr. Moretsky did prior to my surgery really put my mind at ease. After my initial visit, Dr. Moretsky concluded I was not yet an applicable candidate for surgery. My eyes needed time to settle because years of contact use had changed the shape of my eye. My second visit showed drastic improvement, though Dr. Moretsky wanted me to continue what I was doing to see if my eyes would improve further. The extra time allowed my eyes shape to appropriately change making me an acceptable candidate for surgery. Two days later I was scheduled for surgery. This series of events showed me that Dr. Moretsky was not in the business of collecting money, but vision correction.The day of the surgery was made very easy by the staff at Moretsky and Cassidy Lasik. My appointment was at 1:30 pm and I was out at 3:30pm. The actual surgery time was very quick. The only part of the procedure that made me slightly nervous was the suction process to create the flap. It was an intense pressure sensation followed by my vision going black, which is normal. It was an extreme relief to  immediately see, no pun intended, results after the procedure.   I recently had my 1 month check-up and my vision is 20/10, up from a contact presciption of -3.50. Obviously results are what really matters but Dr. Moretsky and his staff made it an exceptional experience that I would recommend to anyone.
1	I am very disappointed with the results of my cataract implant lens surgery. Prior to having the surgery I explained what I was hoping for and what my work needs required and was told the crystalens was the best option. Which I was a little surprised by but since he was so adamant about it I trusted in his judgement and thought perhaps it was just that much better than the other lens choices that it was an easy recommendation for him to make.After the surgery my vision is just good in intermediate and distance range but inside of the ten foot range to very close is very blurry which was one of the things I was explicit about needing for my work. Now I have been told by the doctor it is an intermediate lens and that "I am like an athlete in training" and the vision restoration chart I was given to train with states it "may" keep improving up to a year. I was never told any of this ahead of time. I do spend a good deal of time everyday working with the chart but it has been 2 months and very little improvement for real world everyday application.I paid extra for the laser used in the surgery as I was told by the doctor it would enable him to do his job better I also paid extra for a device that measures the size of lens needed for me once my cataract lens was removed because I was told it could possibly make the difference of reading a couple of lines on the eye chart. I had previously had a distance lens implant in my OTHER eye for cataract (with another doctor) and that distance only lens out performs the crystalens in all ranges and has done so from day one and at no extra out of pocket expense.On the follow up visits the assistant does the usual tests to determine my vision on the chart and reading sheet but no one has even told me the results so I don't know what my vision is at this point but going off how little I can make out on both the distance, intermediate and near charts it's not good so maybe that's why it's not being discussed with me.
4	I have been a patient of Dr. for almost ten years. I don't live in AZ  any longer, but have been flying back since 2007 to receive treatment from him. He is wicked smart and a super nice guy. His staff is extremely professional and courteous. I can't see why I would change.  Great job to Dr. his wonderful staff!   After the recent move, I received top notch customer service when re-ordering some contact lenses even though I am not in AZ  at the moment. The flexibility of the office is amazing! Love these guys..
5	These guys are the best. Super professional and friendly. Went in for lasik. I can now drive safely and night. It is like living in HD. Procedure was painless and recovery quick. They do a great job making sure you understand everything thats going to happen beforehand. Price was very reasonable and they offer financing if you need it...ladies..get over the no make up thing for a while..youll find it liberating and with your new found vision..its so worth it...if you need readers afterwards I recommend bifocal readers and sunglasses..
