3	I live near this restaurant, and like the previous reviewer, its true, its hard to find decent places in Verdun. (I have to say it is improving a lot!)I like Garage Cafe, cool atmosphere, and they make a killer mixed drink called Lili's. Their fries are great and their fare is decent. I think you get what you pay for. I personally like their salads (they are plentiful) and their pizzas are good too.They are child friendly (they have two high chairs - be careful though, one of them has a broken belt!). They prefer that patrons speak in French, but I find that typical of Verdun and its fine by me! (After all, we are in Montreal!)
5	J'adore ce petit restaurant de quartier!
4	My hubby and I enjoyed it here. It literally is a garage. A very neat concept. Not too big, yet not too small. The two girls who were working on Sunday at lunchtime were so nice. :-) They filled up our waters diligently and both of them at separate occasions passed by and asked us if it was to our taste. There was a Table D'Hote menu that had very appealing choices; I had trouble choosing what I wanted to eat. I ended up ordering the Chicken Wrap w/ Grilled Veggies, Cheese + Green Salad & Tea / Desert of the Day. The wrap was *really* delicious. Hubby ordered one of the deluxe burgers and it came with fires. It wasn't earth-shattering, but it was good. Definitely Return Worthy!
2	Nothing special about this place. The food is ok and the service is slow. Not enough space between tables so its almost like your having dinner with the tables next to you.
4	Great place and service for the price.Pros: Very friendly, very willing to attempt to communicate with us (Americans) in English, Extensive menu, Cheap relative to Montreal dining, Hang-out for "locals", Chatty servers (in a good way), fun themed decor, delicious variety of burgers, great french friesCons: Took quite a while for a pretty standard order, it was very crowded though and they were paying close attention to guests. Not a huge issue, but can't give it a  5 because we went there for a quick burger.
