5	This is a pretty cool place.  They have everything you could possibly need to go camping the hard core way or if you just have plans to become the next unibomber and live off the land.  There are MRE's, things to cook them in and things to eat them under.  Cots with mosquito nets, hunting clothing, uniforms, the whole kit and kaboodle.
4	This place has been here forever! If you want military surplus, camping supplies, uniforms and footwear (boots etc.). This is the place for you.
1	I was so excited to get my Zombie Apocalypse gear that I took a long drive from summerlin to this place.... got out on my wheelchair..... and then got up to the front entrance and discovered the ramp was WAY TOO STEEP to fuckin climb!! I was pissed to say the least ..... Got back  in my Mustang and left with out a thing in hand. With ADA laws and this place catering to vets they should level out the ramp going into the store!! Oh well ....guess the Zombies are gonna have at it with me now....   X(~
4	Went to this surplus store looking for a new tactical holster. Found one right away that would work great. The staff was very helpful in making sure I got the right fit. These guys have such a huge supply of military gear. This will certainly be the place I go for my next pair of boots. Love the selection of M.R.E.'s It really isn't it the greatest neighbor hood, but I guess you can't win them all.
4	Oh the ways i could blow a whole paycheck in here. Well Stocked and knowledgeable staff. Lots of military items. Even Nazi Items in a display case, which is a part of history nice to gaze at. They have a nice selection of MRE's. My xmas shopping is now done.
3	Lots of surplus stuff, if you are looking for camping, or outdoor gear, this place has a wide variety of items that would help you survive a long get away or quick lake side overnight.We like coming in and walking the isles just to see what's new.  Everytime I come in I find something I hadn't seen or noticed the time before.  There is plenty of military items, clothing, boots and hats.  Packs of all kinds, and even camouflage materials to make your own.  There are ropes and harnesses and even first aid kits.  This is cool place.
5	Larry Hahn is the awesomest. So is Jeremy, Leslie, and Kyle. Good finds. Decent prices.
5	Wow, everything you need from boots to holsters, para cord to MRE's, and tons of Dickies and Carhartt! Every uniform patch you can think of. For an Army/ Navy surplus store it is well organized. but the best part was the staff, everyone went out of there way to help. I unfortunately was looking for something very specific that they did not happen to stock ( which was a surprise) , but they all tried to help me find it. Plus the best thing , the selection of Made in the USA gear. This is sometimes is harder than you think , but there are plenty of items!
4	great place for all kinds of military surplus. i bought a hat and m65 liner. they even sell used holsters. mainly sigs and berettas. their prices are really good to, a lot better than mad man's. the people are friendly. only thing i cant stand is that they staple prices to the hats and misc stuff. sometimes the staples dont close on itself and will scratch and cut you if you start digging through stuff. =P
4	Whether you're a practical prepper, a military enthusiast, or have a lifelong love of camping, you'll find virtually anything you'll need at Hahn's for the survivalist in all. They have clothing, utensils, cooking supplies, dehydrated food, water purifiers, and various bags, just to name a few! They even have radiation prevention kits (Think Rad-X from Fallout). There's even a few glass cases filled with various military memorabilia from the various military branches, and from various wars.The only real negative for me at least is that the cooling system isn't the best in this store, so on a sweltering hot day it gets quite warm in there! I'm a weather wuss, but for others this shouldn't deter those that are devoted to surviving outdoors though, since that's just part of dealing with and adjusting to your environment.
4	Stopped by on a Sunday afternoon to check this place out. They have a good selection of military surplus. I was surprised to see the place was fairly busy as well including a few military types dressed in uniform shopping. People complain about the high prices....they are on high side BUT - you get the stuff you need instantly and the selection is MASSIVE. I did not see a lot of china products, a lot of the items were U.S. made. I picked up an ammo can in the back for a decent price. If you need something immediately and don't want to bother with online, this is the place. Also a thing to remember, besides Hahn's there really isn't many TRUE military surplus stores left in Vegas, so check it out!
1	With the advancements of the internet, online shopping, online payment, and online market places such as Craigslist or Ebay it's a wonder places like Hahn's are still in business. I get that Joes go here to pawn off their excess TA-50 and other crap that 'fell off the back of the 5-ton' but seriously Hahns? you're going to mark up that shit THAT much?Things are just insanely over priced and the store isnt that well organized if you can even begin to organize a place like this. Prices are insanely marked up as well. Anywhere else you can go would be cheaper. For example ACU grenade pouches I found a few, some were priced at 6.99 another 9.99...oh kay so what makes one 3 dollars more expensive than another? Quick search on America's number one online auction site i can pick up two for 9.00 including shipping, hell i could have got 100 for $25.If you're considering coming here to buy TA-50 you're missing or looking to sell some used stuff...consider posting it online first and save yourself the gas.Yelp 100 - 038 of 100
5	Needed a Iraqi campaign medal the base exchange was out someone recommended this store and they had it at a reasonable price. Walked out with a hat and all the material for a gilley  suit at a very reasonable price
5	I'm shocked this store doesn't have a solid 5-star rating from everyone. Admittedly, I'm not an avid militarist nor am I a doomsday prepper. But I was very impressed with the variety and quality of items offered. You could spend several hundred dollars on hunting/fishing/camping/hiking stuff, (all top-of-the-line brands) or you could buy a genuine camo hat for $1 previously used by one of our USA service men. The store itself is very interesting to walk through, to see all the current and historical items they have. There is one huge room just for camo/military clothing, a whole wall of shoes and boots, and all kinds of crazy stuff you never see in any other store, ever. I bought one of the used $1 hats and a $6 aluminum water can for a trip to Hoover Dam and I'm very glad I had them. I looked up the water can online, and it normally retails for $12. Score! I recommend this place just to walk around.
4	IF Hahn's was at any other venue, it would receive Five big red stars from this Yelper.  The location is "risky" at best.  I was on my way through Vegas, and I never pass up a Surplus Store!  I felt very uncomfortable parking on the street next to the liquor store to visit this great store.  There was basically no parking.  Once inside...wow, now this is a surplus store!!  Fantastic selection.  Everything anyone would want/need is there.  I found some surplus BDUs and other small items.  Prices were competitive.  I just wish I could have spent more time shopping.  Planning a return visit next time I am in town.
5	I was in Las Vegas and I wanted to pick up some Air Force stuff so I hopped on Yelp and started doing my research on the term military surplus. In particular I was looking for Air Force stuff. I figured that my chances would be pretty good because Nellis AFB was right down the street. Actually I went to Nellis AFB for M-60 school back in 1989 but that is a different story for a different time.I headed on over and when I walked in the door I was pretty blown away because it was huge. This was exactly what I was looking for. I decided to cruise through all the aisles so I could see what parts I needed to focus on. I started off to the left and they had a bunch of backpacks and camping type stuff and in the middle of it there were a bunch of MRE's and stuff like that and then way off to the right there were tons of used uniforms and stuff like that. There was a second building off to the right that had a ton more clothes as well. They had a really good selection.I decided to start searching for an Air Force Security Police badge like the one I used to wear when I was in. There was a case up front with some Military Police badges so I figured that I was in the right place. I had a girl help me out but she couldn't find it so she brough over an older dude that seemed to know his stuff and he pulled one out in about a minute. Score!!!I hung out in there for about 2 hours and tried on all sorts of stuff. In the end I ended up getting the Security Police badge, 3 USAF tshirts, a duffle bag and some assorted pins and stickers. This place was a ton of fun to roam around in and if you are in the area you should check it out!
3	If you are reading up on Hahn's you may be familiar with MRE's.  For those of you who are not, MRE stands for Meal Ready To Eat.  It is high calorie food in bags that are easy to pack in and out of the wilderness and give you the energy you need to survive.  Or simply eat them at home like I do.  People think I am crazy for various reasons but one is the fact that I love MRE's.  A lot of people don't and with some meals I can't say that I blame them for their disgust.  Nevertheless, there are some good meals and every now and again I like to go down to Hahn's and get a couple.  They are the only place I have found in town that has the meals I like.  Not just the variety but also the brand.  They have the military MRE's in the brown pouches that I grew up eating as a kid in the Civil Air Patrol in the 1990's.  It brings back good memories of a golden age of learning and growing for me.  For this reason I love Hahn's.  Even if I do not buy an MRE on a visit I still enjoy going in and looking around.  They have a hell of store with a ton of merchandise.  There is no shortage of clothing on one side.  The other side has camping and survival gear.  There are also books on almost everything imagineable that deals with the outdoors.  From ghost towns, to gold panning, to wild flower identification Hahn's has it all.  Their downfall is pricing.  This is supposed to be a surplus store but everything is so highly priced that I usually walk out empty handed.  They have been around for a long time and I hope they continue to stick around for a while longer but I would not be surprised to see them go by the wayside as I have seen other surplus stores do in the recent past.
5	Quantity & quantity of this of surplus at the store is immense!  It is your one stop shop for almost any outdoor activities and the customer service is just as big. I'm just a normal Joe that rode in on my motorcycle but was treated like a family friend throughout the store by every single employee there. I have found my home for surplus and will not shop anywhere else; you should make this decision too.
5	Huge selection. Some of it a bit overpriced but it's usually because of great quality or American made so one will expect to pay more. Great friendly staff would definitely come back for those hard to find items
5	Service with a smile! What's this world coming to? I've literally searched from sea to shinning sea for a pair of American made tactical boots that fit my 9 &1/2 EEEE Fred Flintstone feet. After scanning the boot selection for about 2 minutes, a great sales lady showed up by the name of Leslie and gladly found me what I needed in no time at all. Great place! I shall return for more gear.
5	Would have normally been a 4 star review if it had been in a town with a lot of military surplus like Fayetteville NC but there are not a lot of choices in the area.First, let it be known that I hate the typical "camos and canteens"  surplus stores.  I can get generic Rothco and Condor chinese-made faux military gear online (cheaper than in stores), thank you very much.Hahn's has some of that, but also has legit surplus including E-tools (entrenching tools, aka mini shovels), TM's (Technical Manulals; military manuals), machetes, bags, etc.There are a lot of nice surplus bits scattered about the store (look up) but the major dissapointment is that THEY ARE NOT FOR SALE!  WHY?!  There are AT-4's (M136s), an M2 .50BMG dummy machine gun, a LAWS launcher, mines, 20mm Vulcan rounds, an m20 bazooka, etc (I have pictures I took in the store if anyone is interested).  This is the kind of stuff I collect so I was dissapointed to see that it was all labelled "not for sale"...However, this is the best army/navy store in the area; there really are no competitors.  With Nellis AFB in the area, you would think there would be more surplus stores, but there are not.  Staff is friendly and helpful.  There is some off-street parking, but this area isn't very busy so you should not have trouble parking, even on the street.
5	This is certainly one of the best surplus stores I have ever visited. Very high end and hard to get items. This was my second time here and will be a regular stop when I am in town. The staff was very friendly and helpful. One of the items I bought  was mis priced. The correction was made at check out. I could have easily over payed and wouldn't have known. They got extra points and my thanks for their honesty. If you are in Las Vegas make this a stop you won't be disappointed.
5	I love Hahn's. I've been here twice. It's a LONG drive away from me but I felt like it was well worth it. This place is HUGE! They have so much to choose from. Most of the store is new but I believe they sell lightly used BDUs and boots. All in great condition. Also camping and tactical gear. I scouted out some items online before visiting for the first time and was pleasantly surprised to notice that the bag I wanted was actually $10 cheaper than advertised online. Not sure if this is common. The staff is great too! They are SUPER helpful, friendly and not fake. They give you a while to look around then approach you to make sure you are finding what you need. Each employee I've spoken to seems to know the store and their products like the back of their hand and offers help without trying to sell you stuff you aren't interested in. They are down to Earth good people.
5	First of all, the parking and location concerns me but I have never had a problem with break ins; parking can be a bear if the place is busy.You will soon forget about your car when you get in the store because of the wide array of stuff in the store. The merchandise is sectioned off into "departments" (if you will) but within each area, the items are somewhat disorganized and if you dig around, you can find some gems... if you don't like digging (like I do) you might find this annoying.As you enter there are some patches and insignia then an eye glass section then some knives behind the counter... the counter continues with some flashlights, then turns a corner in to a small gun cleaning section then first aid with back packs along the wall. in the far corner, there is an extensive cord, web, wire section that features everything from thick climbing rope to para cord all the way down to "micro cord" from Atwood Rope.What I really like about Hahn's is that they carry some hard to find items at a reasonable price (but be aware that some items don't always represent the best value). Some of these items are legitimate surplus.. others are hard to find civilian items... while there are some cheep Chinese items of questionable quality in the mix. Nice selection of books, surplus/civilian (Dickies, Cartwright) clothing, boots. If you need an ammo can, you can find several styles here,Some of the "departments":*Knife/sharpeners*Flashlights*Gun cleaning*First aid*"Carriers" (Back Packs, vests, bags, holsters, holders)*Mess kits, Canteens, MRE and other emergency foods*Hats, caps, bandanas, shemagh in all patterns*Binding/rope*Tarps/netting*E tools, picks, machetes, trowels "Camp, mess kits, canteens, MRE*Uniforms, Clothing*Blankets, tents, ammo cans*BooksWould have rated five stars if it weren't for the parking, organization and restock (some of the items I bought there before are no longer available)UPDATE I visited the store on 10-27 and found it reorganized and restocked in some areas. Still need to dig around but not as much; a nice associate named Susana was in charge of this "house cleaning" and it bumps their score to a full 5 stars!
