4	Excellent service, items delivered on time.  The initial delivery was two chairs short, but with one phone call, the missing items were delivered promptly and with a smile.  Our guests thought our party decor looked great.  I wouldn't hesitate to use RSVP again.
5	I rent from them almost monthly, and at times without much notice. They always have my equipment ready and everyone I have ever dealt with has been extremely nice and helpful. Love working with them!!
3	RSVP is competitively priced but has poor service. The first rep I spoke to on the phone was initially nice and helpful, then turned snippy and impatient one minute later when I told her I needed to change the color of my tablecloths. They were out of several colors, but I still found one I could use. I rented from them during the week of Thanksgiving, which I'm sure was a bit hectic, so I gave her a pass.I picked up my chairs, tables and decor at 9:30am. Nothing was ready when I arrived and it took 35 minutes for them to fill my reservation. Then I got a phone call two hours later and a woman very rudely told me that unless I came to pick up my items soon, they were going to close. I said, "Oh, I'm sorry, I picked them--" before she hung up on me. So happy holidays to you too.
5	RSVP is wonderful.  We rented tables and chairs for a wedding.  Everything was delivered and picked up on time.  The order was accurate.  Everything was clean and in good condition.  Desiree helped me out when Rebel Rentals would not work with my schedule.  The pricing was better than Rebel Rentals.  Thanks!!!!!!
4	I was looking for a chair rental company for our upcoming wedding and contacted RSVP. Our wedding venue coordinator also mentioned that she has worked with them in the past, so I decided to give them a call. I spoke with Lorraine today, and in the span of about 20 minutes she quoted me with a very reasonable price, and has already sent over the contract. I could not be happier with her service, and this is one less thing I need to worry about.
5	I was super impressed with RSVP Party Rentals. We ordered heaters, tables, and linens from them. I changed my order a couple times and they were prompt and flexible with my requests. They dropped off the equipment on Friday, which was a huge blessing since that allowed us to set up the day before the wedding. Very professional. I highly recommend them.
5	RSVP Rentals came recommended from our wedding planner and they ended up delivering an amazing range of beautiful rentals for our outdoor wedding. We'd highly recommend them to anyone and everyone - no matter what type of event you're having.
