4	Fenwick's is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  It's tiny,  I mean there might be 4 tables and 6 booths in the entire restaurant, but the intimacy of this location is one of things that makes it special.  The other thing that make it special is the fillet sandwich, which is delicious.  I highly recommend the fried oysters as an appetizer, as well as the huge thick, onion rings.  The only down thing in my opinion is that they do not served iced tea...seriously your in Charlotte, this is the south, and we loooove some iced tea.  But other than  that this is a great restaurant with a very close and private vibe.  Fenwick's is located just on Providence road just past the Providence Queens intersection in the heart of Myers park.  If you're in Charlotte, do dinner at Fenwick's.
3	I had some family in this area of town and got some recommendations to come here for lunch.  The family enjoyed some light lunch fare from crispy shrimp po-boys to a classic croissant and chicken salad.  Fries and onion rings crunchy, service with a sense of humor.  We enjoyed it.
4	Neighborhood favorite among residents of Myers Park and Eastover.  Other reviewers are correct...this place is TINY!  Unless you can manage to snag one of the four booths, don't count on having a private conversation because you will be sitting very close to your neighbor.  That being said, the soups are homemade (and delicious!) and the burgers are solid.  I've also heard rave reviews of the oyster po'boy, steak sandwich, and the bread budding.
5	This is a good date place.  Almost every time I go I get the special listed on the board.  Otherwise, I get the salad with the fried shrimp.  My favorite part of this salad besides the homemade thousand island dressing, is the muffin they serve with it.  I call it a muffin because it looks like one but it tastes like Boston Brown Bread which is usually served in a roll shape.  Super friendly service also.
5	I must explain that I have eaten at this fine little Meyers Park restaurant for years much longer than I have had a computer or knew about Yelp. Having returned to Charlotte for a visit I dropped by -- and Oh Joy! it is better than I remember.  Fenwick's is a tiny place and some times there is a wait.  Believe me it is worth it.  First a little about the people.  The place is run by Don and Catherine Rabb and they have been there since 1984.  It is amazing that there chef Dave Williams has been there all along and he knows many of the regulars by name.  You will see very little turn over in the staff which really says something about a restaurant.  Ellen was waiting on the bar positions the nite I went  in.  Many people eat at the bar because it is just a great place to socialize with other Fenwick's regulars.  Now about the food.  It is my contention that at the hands of Dave,  a better Filet Mignon (either in large or petite portion or as a wonderful open-faced sandwich ) can not be found at any price in Charlotte.  Don and Catherine take a great deal of pride in serving the best and freshest vegetables, beef, chicken and seafood that can be had and delivered on a daily basis.  Believe me you can taste this philosophy in every bite.  No wonder then  that Catherine is an associate instructor  at Johnson and Wales University in culinary sciences,  and  Don is on a perpetual quest for the best buy in fine wines and prides him self in the constantly changing selection available at the restaurant.  So for dinner I had a perfectly prepared Filet with their great baked fresh daily rolls and real butter,  beautifully presented with a little wedge of watermelon, other garnishes etc. next to a perfectly baked potato.  I started with a great tossed salad with a terrific dressing suggested by Ellen.  Every thing was perfect!.  As the evening progressed I became engaged in wonderful conversations with two regulars: one a new acquaintance, and another that I hadn't seen in perhaps ten years. To finish the evening I had one of Fenwick's signature pie offerings.  In this case their Pecan Cream Pie.  Not only was it terrific it looked so good you didn't really want to start in on it.  My stool partner  (eating at the bar is a special and unique experience at Fenwick's) ordered a Blueberry creme pie and I nearly surrendered to the temptation of having another piece.  I must mention that all my selections are part of the regular menu.  Fenwick's has a nightly changing specials board that features really great and some times unique specials of all sorts  and often includes some real seafood delicacies.  I have been to Fenwick's many times for lunch and can report that they have a fantastic burger and to-die-for fried oysters and oyster Po-Boys.  I will save that write up for another time.  I can honestly say that I have eaten at Finwick's dozens and dozens of times.  This after a long spell away is the first time I have been back as a Yelper.  Do your self a favor - this place is a little gem, perfect for that very special evening, or just a great burger!
4	This is a neighborhood gem and one of my go-to restaurants in Charlotte for lunch.  The waitstaff is consistent, friendly, and always remember you.  Each time I come they remember exactly what my wife and I order to drink, the appetizer we order (the hummus plate each time, it is great), and our main course (grilled chicken sandwich with a side of honey mustard, fruit as the side, and a grilled chicken salad, dressing on the side).  Whatever they marinate their chicken in is delicious.  Try it once, you'll find yourself going back every week - and it is next to a Ben & Jerry's.  Specials are good, decent outdoor seating.  Lunch here and dinner down the street at Providence cafe is a solid Myers Park / Eastover day in my book.
5	I've heard so many wonderful things about Fenwick's and after 5 years of living in Charlotte, I finally tried it!  AND so glad I did!!  The hummus was amazing.  My veggie burger was incredible.  The patio seating outside was so peaceful...our server was beyond attentive!  And only a 2 minute walk from the regal manor twin for a movie afterwards :)
5	I finally made it around to Fenywicks to try their Sunday Brunch (11:00 to 3:00), and I was certainly not disappointed.  My choice was the Mixed Berry Buttermilk Pancakes with a side of smoked sausage and scrambled eggs.  My three pancakes were perfect! Light, tasty  -  a combination of blue berrys and thin slices of Strawberry.  The butter was blended with fresh strawberry juice. Fantastic!  The sausage was perfectly grilled and huge and the eggs were  light and tasty.  This reminded me of the old days back in the early nineties when Cathryn's had Sunday brunch customers standing in line out onto the street.  Making a choice was very difficult.    Two of the selections that caught my eye were the ever changing Frittata (a cross between a quiche and an omelette) and a muffin and Corned Beef Hash with two poached eggs, toast and fruit.  I will definitely be going back to Fenwicks on Sundays. Great Price ($6.95 - $13.95)), and the conviviality of Fenwicks wonderful staff and their regular customers.  Sundays at Fenwicks - just another reason why this is truly a little gem in Charlotte's Restaurant Crown!
5	Reasons why Fenwick's is awesome:1. They have fried oyster po-boys and they are delicious2. There is a patio with twinkly lights3. The dining room is like a hallway - cozy!4. When I ordered a fruit side I got cantaloupe, orange, grapefruit, pineapple, and watermelon - a cornucopia of fruity goodness5. 82% of the customers were geriatric when I went (at 8:30p on a Tues night - why aren't they in bed?  Because Fenwick's is awesome.)6. The zucchini and squash casserole side I had was inhale-ably good7. It's in a little cottageI'm looking forward to checking Fenwick's out for breakfast.  The menu is limited, check before you go!
4	I really wanted to give Fenwicks 5 stars ohh they were so close.  Came here for brunch on Sunday with a few friends before heading over to a movie at the Manor.  This place is so cozy and the service is fantastic. The restaurant is really small but that is what I like about it - not a great place for a crowd but an awesome place for a couple for brunch, lunch, or dinner.  The brunch menu had a great selection, eggs benedict, crabcakes eggs benedict, berry pancakes, bananas fosters french toast just to name a few items.  I choose the eggs benedict the postitive first... the canadian bacon was delicious the hollandaise sauce was right on point the crispy potatoes were amazing and the fresh fruit was REALLY fresh no fruit cups here.  The eggs however were a little over done...I was slightly disappointed but I will definilty be back again to try some other items.* The coffee cake was melt in your mouth good...I would have this as my meal next time.
5	WOW!  I found this restaurant through Yelp while visiting Charlotte with my husband & a few friends.  When we arrived they were a little concerned about my choice based on the fact that it is a quaint little building but upon departure they were stuffed & delighted with their meals.  Excellent service & great food in a quaint little cottage!  Highly recommend :o)
4	Fantastic burger and fried oysters...really one of the best burgers in the city. Crowd can be somewhat on the older side but the service is top notch and super nice. Good martinis as well.
5	Good food, I loved my one time there.  Nice staff as well.  I agree with the other comments on Fenwicks.  I think I could eat there every night for a week.
5	Fenwick's is the best.  A small neighborhood restaurant with a fabulous group of people working there and consistently great food.  They always have various specials, and will "customize" the order for each patron.  Great place, great people.  Other restaurants could take lessons from this place.
5	After driving past it for a whole summer I finally decided to drag my brother there (we're both complete foodies). We were not dissapointed. Not only is it cozy like your grandma's house, strung with adorable lights, the food is reminescent as well. The oyster po-boy my brother got was perfectly delicious. As was the quiche that I got. It was quite hardy and filling. The fruit cup too (as I've seen other's mention) is truly filled with appealing fruits. They definitely don't skimp on giving  you a large portion. I even decided to bring a larger group there, and everyone seemed pretty happy with the choice! They are a unique find. I wish they were closer to my home and I'd go more often. Another thing that is kind of a downer is the parking. It's a little bit of a challenge. The service was also good. I was convinced to get a dessert even though I was full. I took it to go and it was yummy! :)
4	Fenwick's is small, cozy, and as comfortable as eating in your kitchen.  This is a place where most of the regulars know each other, know the servers, the bartenders and the cooks behind the counter.    Many who eat there do so several nights a months or even several nights a week.  If you are new, don't worry.   Just enjoy the food.  You can dine at the bar if you like and you will probably make a new friend or two by the time you finish your salad.  Even a solo woman traveling from out of town would feel comfortable by herself at the bar, or a table.Steaks, chicken, fish, Pasta, sandwiches ...you'll find all those as well as nightly specials like casseroles or meat loaf or red beans and rice or gumbo. You'll often find a Cajun special since the owners have Louisiana ties - you'll always find King Cake flown in for Mardi Gras.  I love the fresh cut fries -which are not always super crispy because they are made from real potatoes.  Gourmet food, not usually, but very good food and terrific laid back atmosphere.   One of my favorite places to go.  Oh and I just saw on local TV news show that their turkey and Swiss croissant is one of Charlotte's best sandwiches. I am going to have to try that next time I go for lunch.  If I can stay away from the burger!Terrific staff.The fried oysters are excellent. The wings are large and delicious.  The burger is one of the best in town.The tomato bisque soup is addictive.Try Catherine's cabbage casserole.The standards are good and served with a smile.  Desserts are home made and change daily, really good pies, bread pudding and other offerings if you have a sweet tooth.Small outdoor patio.
3	I can't really say that this place blew me away.  This joint could be considered "cozy" (or just too small) and the food does what it's suppose to do- fill you up.  The parking was questionable and turning out of the restaurant onto the main road is dangerous.I went with a group of friends on a Saturday afternoon and it was completely empty (Maybe we were just too early?  From the other reviews it seems like this is the hangout spot).  Between the 6 of us, we ordered almost half of the menu.  The food was fresh and the portions were fair.  We received decent service though I probably would not return for a second go-round.  Maybe this joint is more a local hangout vs. a foodie haven.  Three stars for effort!
2	This review is not very fair seeing how I have only been once and it was for brunch, which seems to not be in my favor. I was seated immediately, ordered steak and eggs promptly. 45 minutes later and pretty annoyed my meal showed up, the first thing that caught my eye was how small the steak was. Now I was not looking for something huge but it was quite small, possibly the smallest steak I have consumed. That would have not mattered as much if the steak was not stone cold and flavorless. The eggs were pouched nicely and still warm. I will give Fenwicks another shot for lunch because I have had left overs from coworkers and it has always been good.
3	I remember going to Fenwick's when I was in middle school.  My mom would take me to lunch after I got my braces tightened.  I would order the beef tenderloin salad--I must say a strange choice for not only a 11 year old, but an 11 year old who just had her braces tightened.  Anyways- the salads are generous portions and the protein options are quite delicious! I ate here on a whim last Saturday night.  Talk about a blast from the past!  We started with the hummus appetizer.  I thought the hummus was a little bit off, but it was a nice healthy option.  Per our waitress's recommendation, we split the bread pudding for dessert.  Move over Customshop...you have met your match!  It is like bread pudding met a cinnamon bun and a toaster strudel and made a delicious baby!  You must try it!
2	What is the deal with this place?  I had driven by numerous times and seen the sparkling reviews on yelp, so I figured that i would stop in.  The wife and I headed over on a Saturday night, and we walk in to find a very cozy, non-descript, not very formal looking restaurant.  It was mainly empty despite being a Saturday.  I was expecting something a little more formal, or a little more original, or more of something.  But that`s ok, I can deal with generic every once in a while.  Then I checked out the menu - and I was shocked by the premium prices that they were charging - 15-25 dollars per entree.  Everything comes with a generic salad and the portions are quite large, but the food was as generic  as the ambience.  I should have had the foresight to know that hummus in a place like this is not the best choice.  The service was fine, people were friendly, but  I can get much tastier food at Dish or the Diamond for about half the price.
3	The food is certainly better than ok - definitely 4 stars. The lack of the 4th star is mainly due to service. My boyfriend ordered grits with his breakfast after inquiring if they were good (so they literally had a conversation about it) but then she brought him fruit instead. The server was nowhere to be seen so he just sucked it up and ate the wrong side. At the end of our meal we finally resorted to placing our credit card at the end of the table...and still it actually ended up being another server who took it. Another slight issue is that we sat in the half booth which was a bit cramped but overall fine for one meal. The problem was that they sat someone at the end of the booth in front of us but he was placed in a way where it was literally as though we had another dining partner...really a bit awkward. Perhaps when someone is seated in that seat they keep the booth in front at max capacity. The most important thing in my opinion is that the food was good. Fries were crisp, my croissant buttery. I had the turkey and swiss which was delicious. My boyfriend thought portions were a bit small but as far as taste goes there are no complaints.Food trumps a lot of things in my opinion so I'd give it another shot.
5	I Love this place they have the best Burgers!! I find myself here on random Sundays and the ladies working here are great they have definitely been here for a long time and know everything on the menu!! The food is always great - i seriously always get a burger but we start with the wings with the sauce on the side and they are really good nice and crispy!!  The BF gets the Fried Oysters Appetizer its a HUGE portion and plenty on there that he cant even finish himself!! The only thing I would say negative was we went when it was 100 out and it was pretty warm in there but they cant help it with an open kitchen. Its a great place in a great area!
5	I am not a 5-star person.  I think everyone/everything has room for improvement.  But, Fenwick's?  They are spot-on, delicious every time.  This is owned and operated by Catherine, of Catherine's on Providence for any old-time Charlottean.  She is a superb chef!  Her culinary and wine skills are some of the best in Charlotte.This is not fine dining.  It is not fancy.  In fact, it is quirky and small and you often feel a little close to your dining neighbor.  Must try:  Tomato Bisque Soup, it comes as a side option with their meals.  My hubbie says these are the best burgers in Charlotte... I am a veggie, and I beleive their grilled veggie burger is the best in town.  Their fries are great.  Sweet potato fries?  Delicious!  Tuna salad, with  melt-in-your-mouth croutons and an array of homemade dressings to choose from?  Pure yumminess.  My husband also adores the club sandwich.  Oh, and the muffins.  Delectable!As creatures of habit, my order is always the same: Veggie burger, with cheese, side of soup and fruit.  And this is a 5-star meal delivered with 5-star service.  Sit at the bar and get to know your neighbors!Pretty tight for families with children... I don't bring my younger ones in here.
4	I was eager to check this place out after all the great reviews I read!When I first stepped foot inside Fenwick's I thought I was stepping onto the set of a horror movie...dimly lit (even though it was bright and sunny outside), long and narrow (almost like a trailer home had been converted into a restaurant), the dingy decor, wall colors and carpet, small bar right as you walk in, waitresses named "Flowe" and "Bertha" and the feel that everyone is staring at you as soon as you walk in.  Sooo....that was my first impression....As we were seated we noticed the restaurant was very warm but they had a huge fan at the back where we were sitting so that helped a little.  The waitress was friendly but also that typical "TV waitress" where you would have expected her to say "whatareyougonna have?"  I quickly realized that all these little quirks are what make this place so amazing.  It is not pretentious, they aren't trying to trick you into buying more than you should, they aren't there to create a special environment...they just are who they are and they are damn proud of the food they produce.  That is all that really matters after all.I ordered the fresh peach pancakes.  They were awesome.  It was Catherine's homemade batter and the pancakes had little pieces of peach in them.  It was served with strawberry butter and a side of meat.  They were awesome.  They were thin and you got 3 so I was satisfied but not overly bloated.My friend got another special of the day which was basically an egg puff.  It was similar to a souffle...it was egg stuffed with goat cheese, spinach, tomatoes, peppers, etc.  It was served with fresh fruit, cheesy grits, and homemade walnut cinnamon coffee cake.  Perfection!  Trust me, I stole a few bites and it was all incredible!!Price-wise I wouldn't say that the prices are super reasonable but they were ok for the amount of food and quality I suppose.  My pancakes were $12 and the egg puff meal was around $14...not bad but not the best.  Bottom line...I dig this place.  Furthermore, I will be back.  I get the sense they are consistent and won't disappoint.
4	For some reason I only go to Fenwicks with family. First, years ago with my grandparents and now I take my parents when they are in town. Its very telling that I have been eating here for probably 12 years and is always consistent. Fenwicks has the most amazing muffins. Luckily they come with most menu items and salads. I highly recommend their tomato bisque. Its warm, creamy and comforting. As I write this it is raining out and I can't think of anything more satisfying right now than that soup. Their entree salads are huge and fresh. The seating and parking are both limited but the steak sandwich is full of huge flavors- cooked just to my liking. Save room for dessert here. Everything tastes homemade and comforting.
2	I ordered the buffalo wings, Shrimp Po Boy and gumbo.1.  Was only fried chicken with a tabasco sauce.2.  Shrimp Po Boy was good.  Nothing special.3.  Gumbo was so salty I was afraid my ankles were going to start swelling.Even the pasta salad that my co-worker got was so salty that he asked to change it with a veggie burger.
3	Went here for brunch while visiting Charlotte on the advice of Yelpers. I was satisfied, but not overly impressed.I got the Eggs Benedict. If you are here because you're looking for a metric ton of meat in that dish, you will have come to the right place, because the serving of Canadian bacon was ENORMOUS. It was tasty, but I've had the dish taste better for less money.Waitstaff was a little absent. I had to wait at least 15 minutes and then specifically request a refill on my hot water for tea.The ambience is very diner-cozy. I liked it. If I lived around Charlotte, I'd be back to try something else--maybe one of the specials everyone likes so much?
3	Traffic on Providence was at a stand still so we skirted into the parking lot thinking we might as well eat and let the traffic ease up.  We were seating in a small (very small) table for two - hubby's chair was constantly being bumped by people going by - this space was was too cramped and once another sat down at the next table, I felt like every work of our conversation was being heard.  OF course, they ended up taking a phone call during our meal, so we were privy to her conversation.  Guess it never occurred to her to take the call outside so as not to disturb others.  Love the sense of importance some people get when they take a call in a public space - LOL.  Anyway, the meal was just mehy - London broil which I ordered medium rare came out medium well and was tough as nails.  Rice and fruit were good.  Hubby's chicken pot pie was just passable.  Maybe if they remove a couple of tables and open up the space, we would return to try the food again but not until then.
4	Really delicious brunch and interesting specials. All of the servers are really nice and personable - definitely start to remember you. Love their french toast served with strawberry butter!
1	This place absolutely SUCKS. Went for the first time the other day because I was in the area and read all these rave reviews. The server suggested my friend and I get the burger... Mistake #1. The burger was flavorless and dry. I'd go as far to say, it was in my top 3 worst burgers I've ever had.  Secondly, we asked for our fries to be cooked crispy. Does no one in Charlotte know how to make crispy French fries?! After choking down a few bites, we decided to abandon ship because the flies that were circling our food looked pretty hungry. It's disheartening the lack of effort going into food preparation at this establishment and that consumers are careless enough to eat here.
5	Holy tap-dancing Christo!  This place is, "Is that a solar system in your restaurant? Because your food is out of this world good."  To preface, I went into this day a little tired and completely unaware of what was going to happen.  A friend recommended we mix up our normal Sunday routine of the Flying Biscuit and try out Fenwick's.... Which most people had never heard of - but this guy is cute and has great taste so sure, we were on board.  I've probably driven by this restaurant well over 50 times and never thought anything of it.  It's kind of like the girl next store... adorable and unassuming, but then you get one taste and boom! You're hooked.  Let's start by saying that we had a group of 16 people and this place probably seats 25-30 MAX.  We walked in without any reservations or heads up and they were all smiles and let us rearrange their restaurant at our leisure.  Some customers even moved seats to make more room - amazing.  From the moment we sat down service was attentive and friendly and constantly throughout the meal our group kept saying "I feel like they care about me" or "I feel like I'm at home."  What better compliment can you give?But here's the cincher - the FOOD.  There were about 6 specials that our waitress told us about - all of them which made me drool.   I had to go with the (WAIT FOR IT)......... Nutella stuffed, Captain Crunch rolled, Brioche covered in chocolate and bananas.  WHAT!?  Somebody pinch me, did she say Captain Crunch AND Nutella?!  So that was an obvious hit...over the fence world series kind of thing.  But out of the 16 people in our group everyone got a pretty varied menu: omelets, quiche, benedict, breakfast specials, caramel apple pancakes, banana foster pancakes, grits, etc.   Group consensus?  Absolutely 100% yes I would do that again and pay twice the price it was so good.So overall, you should probably stop whatever you're doing, quit your job and see if you can live in Fenwick's.  Top 5 places in Charlotte.  My 2013 challenge?  Try everything on Fenwick's menu.  Amen to this place, Love at first taste.
4	One thing I love are small neighborhood eateries that just have a great local feel to it. Fenwick's is that spot! The entire restaurant can fit maybe 30 people max, but their food is awesome. Went their for brunch one time after a night of drinking, and their customer service was awesome. Our waiter was very friendly and somehow convinced our entire table to get mimosas. May I remind you, I couldnt even hear the word alcohol because of the night before, but she convinced us anyway.Ordered an omelette with everything you can think of and it was actually cooked pretty well. The food is very exceptional and the bread pudding is to die for.I came into the restaurant starving and it took a little to seat 8 people, so thats the only reason for the four stars. But I do understand that it comes with the small size of the establishment.
5	I love this place. Relatively small simple menu with around 5-8 constantly changing specials. Always very high quality food that tastes great. Has that small neighborhood place feel. One of my favorite places in Charlotte to eat. If I had to come up with one negative thing, the parking situation could be better.
3	Small cute place, outdoor seating, limited parking in front - but I think there were more in the back. We went for Sunday Brunch. Arrived around 11am. No wait for a table for two outside.The menu had omelets with a variety of 'fillings' with no limits - unless we read the menu wrong. It also offered other typical breakfast dishes (i.e. french toast, Eggs Benedict).The server was so friendly and made her personal recommendations (which we both took and were satisfied with).  I had the special popover and sister, visiting from out of town, had one of the special omelets. Both served with fresh fruit. Mine was served with grits (comes with cheese so specify if you do not want) and the coffee bread/bar. Coffee was good and kept on coming.  The 'hash browns' that came with my sister's plate were a bit dry and just really diced potatoes - I was glad I went with the grits.Brunch was just A-okay. Would like to go back to try dinner soon.
4	Another staple in Charlotte.  Don't come here if you need ambiance or something fancy.  They do good food and they do it right.  I'm a fan of the salads but it was apparent on our latest venture out that the fried oysters are a huge favorite.  Nearly everyone around us was ordering those and our waitress was kind enough to give us samples.  The staff here is another solid reason to visit.  Always super duper nice and attentive.  Parking is a bit tough with only a few spots out front.  There is more in the back but it's a little tricky to navigate.
4	I had not been here in years, but my husband and I were driving that way, and I suggested it because of fond food memories.  He had never been here and was game  for a new experience.This place reminds me of a Waffle House with a bar, and I say that in the nicest way. It is small, narrow and long, with some tables, booths and half booths. We sat at the bar, and the bartender reminded us of a Waffle House waitress:  sincere, efficient, and friendly.  I can imagine that she would treat guests in her own home the way she treated us.Good thing that I am writing this review and not my husband.  He did not like his meal.  He got the tilapia special, with lemon and capers.  My husband said that fish was soggy with lemon juice, the broccoli limp and the rice dry.  My meal, on the other hand, was good.  I got the Cajun pasta sans sausage.  The waitress did not give me grief about leaving out the sausage.  I am a vegetarian that is trying to include some shellfish in the diet, so I allowed the shrimp.  They were a little overcooked, and frankly, I think that I would have enjoyed the meal even more without them.  The vegetables were tasty, and the sauce was spicy and delectable.  Yum!  Both meals came with a salad, and we both enjoyed the fresh greens and other vegetables.  Plus, the croutons were crunchy and flavorful.My husband and I both enjoyed the intimate ambiance and will return.
5	Can't say enough about this place.  Waking distance is a plus for me as well.  Staff is always attentive and friendly. Enjoyed brunch there in several occasions as well as lunch.  Great local privately owned business do get a good inexpensive meal then head to manor theater for a flick. Thanks Ladies!!
3	I stopped by for lunch and grabbed a quick bite... The wait from order to food wasn't long at all... The waitress at the bar made some small talk and was very sweet... The croissant I ordered with ham and swiss was delicious... I loved the ratio of meat and cheese to bread... Sometimes with croissants, it's hit or miss... lol  I was very unimpressed with the tomato bisque... The first couple of spoonfulls were really good, but then it just turned sugary out of nowhere... I couldn't finish it... The parking definitely leaves a lot to be desired... And the lot could stand to be repaved, so watch your wheels as you navigate... If I'm in the area, I might venture in again... It wasn't bad, but it didn't knock my socks off either... Maybe I'll order something different next time...
2	Besides the onion rings I'm not sure how this place has any business.  Generic food and the server acted annoyed we were even there.
5	My colleagues and I are in Charlotte for business, staying at the Duke Mansion. We don't have a car, so on our first night here we walked the neighborhood in search of food. Fenwick's Restaurant is less than 5 minutes away by foot, and looking to avoid a chain like Panera Bread, we popped in.What a great decision. We so much enjoyed our first visit that we went back again tonight, and we may go tomorrow night for our last meal in town. Between us we've had the grilled chicken sandwich, red beans and rice, chicken and sasauge jambalaya, fried flounder, honey glazed pork chops, crab cakes, pot roast, key lime pie, and pecan cream pie.Every single dish was well prepared, hot, flavorful, tender, tasty, etc. I had never been to Charlotte before this week, and stumbling into Fenwick's has made my first visit to this city worth it.The place is quite small, but I don't see that as a drawback. We observed dozens of locals each night. Locals that are consistently in a restaurant signal good food, service, and people.Fenwick's is a winner.
5	Great lunch!  Large portions and very personable and attentive service. Fried shrimp was tasty with a light batter.
5	I am updating because I saw how old my last review of Fenwick's was, and I wanted to say that I stand by my past reviews which give a better rundown of what to expect, so I won't repeat myself.  Many restaurants go down over time, but not Fenwick's.  Service and food are consistently good over time.  I am still obsessed with Fenwick's Sunday brunch, which I wrote about in my last review.   I still say their burger is one of the best in Charlotte.  There is no change in my opinion that the appetizers (oysters, wings, hand cut fries and onion rings) are excellent.  If anything, food has gotten a bit better with some noticed experimentation in the kitchen.  Patio seating is nice with good weather.Casual, not fancy, neighborhood gem.   Special feature:  Bar seating is excellent for those who enjoy having others at their table, and particularly friendly for singles.  If you (man or woman) are looking for a comfortable place to eat solo and don't have a companion to join you, you will be welcomed here.
4	I've driven past this place about a hundred times and always wanted to stop. With it being Restaurant Week and every other restaurant in the city booked up, I decided tonight was the night. The restaurant itself is really small. Has a local, neighborhood feel. Food was great. American and Seafood mostly. True southern charm in the wait staff. I had the shrimp with Mac n cheese and broccoli. Didn't save room for dessert but those sounded great.
4	Fenwick's is a cute little restaurant! I came there solely because we needed outside seating for my little's foster dog. Little did I know, Fenwick's was absolutely welcoming and even brought her dog a water bowl. I had the quiche with fruit and a muffin. Everything was delicious! Outside seating is limited because the tables only offer 2 seats so we had to cram in. The service was good but it seemed like she wanted to serve the dog more than she wanted to serve us!
5	Fenwick's Sunday brunch is the shizzzzzz. I dream about it. Not only is the food amazing (and fast!), but the two ladies who always work this shift are the absolute nicest. (And just a smidge sassy! Love it!) The mimosas and bloody marys are MASSIVE. If you're a philistine and not in the mood for breakfast, their burgers are the best I've had in Charlotte. I wish I could move in.
4	Food was good, wine by the glass list very good,service was efficient if not particularly friendly. Its quite small and there are several tables right by the door and if you visit on a freezing winter evening,being seated there would be cold and drafty every time the door opened. Request a booth.
3	I planned an event here with some girlfriends for an early dinner. The place is easy to miss, because it's a small building so if you blink or aren't paying attention you will get lost (trust me...I know). Also, just a head's up with the place being so small parking is a bit of a pain. In fact it's pretty non-existent. There's a few spaces in the front and if you're lucky they have a few in the back...if all those are full....good luck! That being said, the menu is pretty simple. I think they are going for down home favorites. There are your staple dishes like meatloaf, burgers, fish and salads. But I just wasn't overly impressed with the menu. I opted for the Veggie Burger and fries. It's your typical Morning Star veggie burger so nothing to be amazed about there and the fries were just okay. The service was great but I'm just not sure I'd make it a priority to give them another try. Based on the reviews, their brunch might be worth another visit. We'll see!
4	I grew up in New Orleans and this place taste like home!  Just solid good eats. It's worth battling the parking lot for the awesome oyster Po boy or shrimp or red beans and rice.  Haven't had a bad meal here ever!
4	Sunday brunch... yum. We arrived right at 10:00 a.m. on a Sunday, and they were already open, and there were a few cars in the parking lot. It's fairly small inside, but thankfully we were able to grab the last booth.I got the french toast ($11.50) with strawberry butter, which I ate right out of the cup,  and fruit, and I added a side of bacon ($3.50). Although I wondered out loud how I was going to eat it all, it turns out I didn't need to worry. Nom nom nom.The fella got the Classic Breakfast ($11.95) with cheesy grits, ham, eggs over-medium, and toast. The grits were super cheesy, and the toast looked delicious... but someone never offered me a bite. Ahem. The ham also had some pretty nice char marks!Great, fast service, delicious food, just a little pricey - $31ish for all that plus coffee and an OJ.
3	Good food I must say. But this place is a little dated and tiny tiny!!! Its American food and a one hit for me.
