4	I just visited this store for the first time.  I've been to numerous pet food stores, and these big box type stores.  The selection was typical.  I thought the prices were high, compared to other stores I've been to.  That said, I did drop a pretty penny for a bunch of items for my dogs and cat.  Leash, water bowl, miscellaneous treats, toys, and some other items.  I didn't feel like the prices were low, or even "good" on the items I bought.  They all seemed high to me.$30 for a squeaky possum toy?  Yeah but, Heidi insisted she really needed it.  She broke the squeaker in her toy pheasant.They do have a very good selection of dog food.  I may be back to take advantage of that.  The food prices were high, too.  Unfortunately, they don't carry my dogs' brand - Purina One.The staff were very friendly and helpful.  The store was clean - a big warehouse.  You've seen one, you've seen them all.Kudos for having cat adoption in the back of the store.  I bumped them from 3 to 4 starts for that!
3	They have a nice variety of pet food and bird food.   I found the prices pretty reasonable but the cat/dog "healthy" food is way too much like it is all over so that isn't really their fault.   I found some nice accessories for our pets and I thought they had more of a selection than other stores.   The bathroom is pretty beat up and frumpy but not really dirty.  The store is kind of the same way.  Not terrible but kind of like being in a warehouse instead of a store if that makes any sense.  Nowhere as neat and clean as PetsMart or Mad Cat.I will be back for wild bird food and birding supplies and other accessories.
5	I started going to Mounds when they only had one store for their dog food.  Since then they have expanded their inventory which is great for me as I have birds, fish, dogs, cats and a toad.  They even have supplies for horses which I used to take advantage of too. Their prices are reasonable and cheaper than pet stores.  Plus, I feel I save on gas not having to drive to different stores for different supplies.Their customer service is awesome and I've found their knowledge on dog food to be very helpful.
