1	I usually don't write reviews for huge chains like this, but sometimes you just gotta vent.  Hit the drive-thru on Black Friday with the wife.  I ordered a Venti (large) caramel brulee latte, while she got a Tall (small) Pep Mocha latte.  The total was approximately $8.  I roll up to the window, and hand the cashier a $5 plus a coupon for one free drink.  I'd assume that she'd take off the most expensive one, or at least ask, but no, she didn't ask.  So I was expecting about $1 plus change, and was surprised when the cashier gave me $.18.  I questioned which drink she took off, wondering why the venti wasn't the free drink.  Her rational to me was that 'it wasn't that big of a difference because both drinks are about $4'.  I questioned her, specifically asking her if venti and tall drinks really cost the same.  She insisted that yes they did.  Of course, she proceeded to hand me the receipt, I saw that was false (which I already knew).  Yes, it was only a dollar, but this was a complete and utter customer service failure.  If I had not said anything, I could understand, but I questioned which drink she took off and she either lied to me, or was too incompetent to know the price difference.  Additionally, annoying is that I promptly sent an email to Starbucks customer service and a full week later, I have not received a response.  Zero stars to this location and zero stars for no email response from Starbucks corporate.UPDATE:  I'm upgrading this location to a half of a star.  Starbucks corporate finally contacted me about my letter about 10 days or so after I sent it.  While the email they sent me was apologetic, they did not answer any of my questions about Starbucks policy.  Lame.
3	Always a pleasant experience
4	Another one of my favorite locations. Nice friendly staff, helpful and forgiving if you make a stupid mistake!
3	Small inside, but they also have a drive through. I love this Starbucks because its such a convenient location, right before the 51.I came a couple times to study before school and used the free wifi, They still offer the free iTunes cards too. I'm a rare person who drinks tea from here, so my drinks aren't expensive (in the $2-$4 range) whether it's hot or iced.I haven't had any issues with the baristas.
2	Closest Starbucks to my house and the WORST Starbucks in town! They mess up the simplest of orders and have attitude when they can't figure out how to fix a problem. I have to drive an extra 5 minutes to the next closest Starbucks(40th and Greenway) but it is worth it because they are awesome-always get it right-and their coffee does not taste like I licked an ashtray!
1	I went here before a movie and got an iced coffee.  I asked if they would honor the refill price if I came back after the movie and was exited when they said yes.  I thought I had a new pre-movie routine since I go to the harkins across the street often.  I went back and was now told I need to pay full price.  The gal I talked to before was no longer working.  They wouldn't honor the refill price when I explained what I was told earlier.  That's horrible customer service!  Won't be coming back!
5	DUH!  Starbucks hires only the best!  Always fast, friendly service
5	A friendly staff, great location, and big inside.  This is one of my favorite Starbucks locations.  Well the one on 16th and Bethany is my favorite, but this one is up there...!
5	Fast in the drive thru....awesome service. baristas are so friendly and nice
5	awesome store, friendly employees, and a really fast drive thru. my favorite location in the valley!
5	They are busy like everyone says, but it's pretty obvious that they try their best and move quickly. Always polite, always accurate!
4	We frequent this location on the weekends on our way out for the day.  The drive through is usually quick, although there have a handful of times they've messed up our drink order.  On the whole though they do a good job with the drinks, and the food is always fresh.  We've also been in a few times, and the experience is similar.  The staff are friendly, and the place is clean.  It's definitely one of the smaller SB locations.
1	I have had a few drinks that have been made incorrect, and lets not mention the fact that half of their breakfast sandwiches are never available... but today was the last straw...  There employees tonight were beyond loud and obnoxious when a handful of people where trying to drink coffee and work.  New Management needed ASAP.
3	I have the same issue with this Starbucks as with a fee others that cannot seem to get a sweet iced coffee with cream right :/ Everything else I've had there is okay.
2	It chaps my hide to see their signs in the coffee 'drop' machines offering varying roasts , only to hear them say "All we have is Pike Place right now", well then take the stupid signs down!
