4	Asia de Cuba is an experience that must be had. Yes, its pretentious but thats all part of the experience. The food is phenomenal and definitely arrive hungry, the servings are large and try your hardest to save room for the coconut cake.  The portion size is almost embrassing when it arrives at you table, and damn its good.  The space is beautiful, the food is beautful and so are the people...even if their not, everyone still looks good, but that may have been the three mojitios that I had?
4	I went here for my Sisters birthday a few months ago.  I had been to the other location in LA, so I was familiar with the food.The lobby and restaurant are decorated really neat- and has a very young and hip feel.  I wasn't thrilled with our seating arrangement- we were sat at a very large round table and felt too far away from the other guests (there were about 8 of us).  The food was great, drinks were yummy- I had a blue curacao martini that was so good!!  Service was good, and the manager even stopped by to wish us well.  Nice touch!I highly recommend this place if you want to celebrate a birthday or other occasion and looking for a fun and funky atmosphere.
4	I don't mind the obviously trying-too-hard decor; find a single happening place in Phoenix/Scottsdale and try to tell me it's NOT a reasonable facsimile of NY or LA. The prices are incredibly high, though. You're looking at an Olive and Ivy experience for Mary Elaine's prices. That said, the food is really wonderful. The fried plantains with black bean sauce is something you will try to cram down even though you're beyond full. We had the butterfish for an entree and it was unsurprisingly delicious and the most popular of the entrees. Try the sides, they're very good.The mojitos were also quite good. And, there's a HUGE difference between their standard mojito and the 12 year. Spring the extra few bucks for it.The patio is nice, but it's overlooking unglamorous construction and a small, unlit path between SMoCA and the Mondrian.The design elements of the restaurant are very mismatched, from the whimsical umbrellas to the roosters everywhere, some whites were plainly mismatched, and... oh, yeah. This used to be a Doubletree. That explains the ho hum architecture.
4	I like this place. Possibly even more than the one in Los Angeles. Actually I slipped and fell and busted my ass in front of a dozen people at the one in LA so maybe that has something to do with it. But I digress...Asia De Cuba has really good food. It is probably among the best in the Valley. Everything I tried - from the fish to the chicken to pretty much every app. on the menu was delicious. And the mojitos. Woot! Possibly the best mojito I ever had. One complaint: The band was sooooooooo loud. My date and I purposefully chose a table as far away from the band as possible and we still couldn't really hear each other or the waiter. The live music would have been a nice touch but instead it was just annoying. Turn it down please.Otherwise this is a solid place. Skybar on the other hand... that's another review.
5	LOVED this place!!!We went on a Saturday night and it was so fun. The music was loud, but it was really fun.Got the 18yr mojito or whatever, but I liked the regular one I had. The Key Lime Martini was great too!If you do anything, get the tasting menu for $60. It's so much food, but worth it. You get the tuna tartar, calamari salad (awesome!), beef spring rolls, sake with raspberries (to clean your palette is what they told me), the fish, short rib, rice and fabulous desserts! We walked out as happy campers! Service was excellent!One of the best meals I've had! Great setting. Sit inside, the patio didn't look that great.If you are in Scottsdale, check this place out.
5	Asia de Cuba just obliterates the portion of my brain that would provide the defense mechanism from thoroughly enjoying such an insolent, precocious establishment.  As it turns out, AdC kicks all kinds of ass.   I fully endorse giving this place 5 stars and spate waterfalls of chicharrone green beans, rivers of mojitos, and valleys of  calamari salads on the readers of this review.  And so it is written, so it shall be done.  AdC is incredibly creative and unpredictable with their menu despite themselves and the overworked 'fusion' theme.  Some examples of AdC fare: crab croquetas with red pepper remoulade and chile-ponzu dipping sauce, spicy Szechuan scallops with salsa verde and chorizo-lemon grass espuma, Cuban-spiced chicken with a tamarind glaze, plantain-crusted Spanish mackerel with curried noodles, pan-seared ahi with wasabi-mashed potatoes and chimichurri sauce, grilled mojito-glazed strip steak with a mango sauce infused with sak and foie gras.I mean, whats NOT to like?  Sure the atmosphere is slightly prom-ish, but you'll find that you will get over it quickly.  Its surprisingly cozy in the surroundings, and, as a personal pleaser to my eye-palate, the decor, from staff to furniture to art, is drowned in white.  I've been to the AdC in San Francisco and felt more like a power-lunch spot than a 'dinner as an event' place.  The menus were nearly the same, but apparently design, decor, and atmosphere differ drastically from one to the next.  So, if you've been to one AdC, you most certainly haven't been to them all.  Scottsdale nails this interpretation flawlessly.
4	I do love their appetizers!
4	I think there food is amazing!  However, it is a bit pricey which limits my trips there.  I love the white decor but hate how expensive the drinks are!  I ordered a Key Lime Martini and it was 15.00 for one and served in a tiny little glass!  Come on!Additionally, last time I was there we went to the bar afterwards and most people were wearing flip flops which drives me nuts!  Take a shower, get dressed, put some effort in!  Save the flops for the pub!  Hopefully, it was just an off night because I really think it is a cool spot!
4	I've been here on several occassions. Once with work, once with couples, and twice as a girls night out celebration. Each time I thought the food was simply amazing! Each time I have been, there has been an average of 8 people at the table and as long as we ordered two of each entree, I felt there was plenty of food to go around. The butterfish is mainly the whole reason to go. I became a vegetarian about 3 months after my first visit and it is so tough to have to pass on that when I go back! The calamari salad is unique because it has a hint of plantans in it so as you are eating, you taste the sweetnes of it and it has most people going "what was that I just tasted?" With a smile on their face, of course!I'm also a fan of the tofu tempera.BTW, if you ever get a craving for their dishes, but don't want to make a reservation, you can order food to go. As for the drinks, beware! They sneak up on you! I think it is best to eat there in a group. That way you get to sample more of the entrees. The average price I have spent is about $70/pp. That includes 2-3 drinks, entrees with about 8 people.The downfall was the valet. I guess that is technically the Mondrians fault, but the guy had quiet and attitude. Called the manager the next day. I don't think he is there anymore.
1	Several of us flew to AZ for my sister's birthday.  To ensure an over the top birthday we took her to the "spot" to eat - Asia De Cuba. The hotel was a bit off the beaten path, but nicely done with all white walls, furniture and sheep (you'll just have to go see for yourself).  Neither my hubby or I had been but we went with well seasoned patrons.  I trusted their taste buds so I didn't bother looking at the menu. They had it practically memorized, I was excited!  We went with the calamari salad, yuck.  Ok, maybe that's harsh, but I'll tell you it was no good.  The calamari was super salty and the combination of bananas and other fruit and fish just didn't tantalize my buds.  Then the long awaited entrees...um.  Ok, I'm being fair, if you look at my other reviews I really rate on the mark.  Maybe above or under average if I don't like the place but it's fair.  So for me to tell you the chicken was tough and the short ribs the same, is just plain honest.  The string beans however were yum, but that's because we ordered them with the pork on the side.  The one thing I enjoyed was the butter fish.  It had good flavor and a nice texture.  If I have to go again, that's all I'll order.Ironically,  we sat with the big rooster looming over us like a parent pecking "eat all your food, there are starving children out there". Funny enough,  how did they know to seat us there?  Maybe they know the food is mediocre and the ambiance just doesn't cut it for $70 entrees.
4	I thought that the food was EXCELLENT!!I'm not sure if I loved the decor.  I felt... like I was in a futuristic hospital cafeteria... so that's where I'm deducting one point.  Let's see....We had the beef dumplings two ways- Not the best or most exciting thing, but they were goodThe ahi tuna with wasabi mashed potatoes was AWESOME!!!The half rack of lamb was AMAZING!!!For dessert we had the cuban opera cake... that was just ok.The service was top notch, and the server was constantly available and present without being obtrusive.I love this place.  But the decor makes me not want to run back... just walk quickly.
4	I think I tried everything on the menu.  It was all delicious, the only thing that cracked me up was the waitress saying that the portions were big and could easily be shared...we had a party of 8, so when she suggested 13 selections I was wondering how big the portions could be?  If they were big enough to share how come we don't order 4?  The food was great I left very full and happy with all the selections.
4	I have been to Asia de Cuba in LA and NY and am happy that I made it here last night.  There were four of us and we feasted on everything.  Appetizers included calamari salad and tunapica which is tuna tartare picadillo style with spanish olives, black currants, almonds, coconut, soy-lime vinaigrette and wonton crisps.... outstanding!  Dinner was family style, including short ribs, fried rice and a couple of seafood dishes, sting beans and more......  All very tasty.  We even had desert... The Bay of Pigs banana split is the most outrageous thing I have ever had.  It is ice cream, bananas and more on a home made brownie with a coconut/ ice cream sushi roll.   We also had their donut holes too.  The service was great. I love decor.  will definitely go back for special occasions.
5	Food this good should be illegal.  Prices are shocking.  I suggest starting with one of their amazing martinis or mojitos to reduce the pain of the bill.  We were a large group and had two tables out on the patio.  We had a variety of selections family style.  Highlights included the braised beef spring rolls with coconut sticky rice and avocado cilantro fruit salsa, short ribs, plantain fried rice with avocado salad, cuban bbq chicken, and calamari salad.  Dinner ended with a huge dessert platter.  The Cuban opera cake was nothing special but everything else was heaven.  DO NOT miss the Asian Pear Bread Pudding.  Loved the presentation of the dessert "sushi".  Service was good.  Decor and atmosphere were excellent.  When you are in Phoenix or Scottsdale make sure not to miss this spot!
2	The place is not very cool.  I cannot for the life of me understand why this place gets good reviews.  The food was honestly the worst food I've ever had at a pricey restaurant, but I did like the environment.
2	I'm giving you 2 stars Asia de Cuba because of one, your I'm too cool for myself attitude and two, your meal which set me back a little over 3 hundo.No we didn't get a "bottle" either "bro"Food is mediocre and turns out to be a super faux, super half ass spin off of the LA location, at least back on the Sunset Strip I could expect short tempers and snottiness due to the large population and local flavor however, it comes as a shock when your in a place where a condo costs 110k across the street.Also, the establishment seems to have issues filling the seats except with overaged snickering women that are pissed because they don't have anyone in life. Beware of the cattiness depending on the night. Tacky Mondrian, Tacky.  Won't go back unless it's in LA, Scottsdale is "too cool" for itself to dine here. HAH!
3	I've been to Asia de Cuba 3 times now, so I have finally figured out what I want to say about this place.Each time I've gone, it's been a business dinner with an out of towner that wanted to see where the celebs meet, greet and eat (among other things).We always have to look at the bar, we always have to "tour" the grounds, etc. so...At any rate, dinner a couple of nights ago was typical of my experiences each time I have gone.Everybody had a martini or two (mine was excellent, but 2 comments - it's pretty hard to screw up a Ketel One vodka marti, very dry, with a twist-I know it can be messed up, but that doesn't happen here, and; their single malt scotch selections just aren't what i guess I would expect of a very high end restaurant, so I was disappointed not to find my favorites here).The food was very good, again, that's what I would expect of restaurant where I am spending north of $500 for dinner and a couple drinks for 4.We had tempura shrimp, lobster pot stickers, calamari salad, and thai beef salad as appetizers. I had short ribs, 2 of us had salmon and one of us had the Cuban chicken. All were good and the sides (black beans, steamed veggies and noodles) were perfectly fine, as well. But, none of these were truly great dishes...nobody raved over the food, although everybody thought it was good (including me...it just didn't jump off the plate at me and make want come back again the next night).I don't think I am a truly jaded food snob, I like pretty much everything and I don't think our selections were the dogs of the menu, but I just don't think it was great, which in MHO is what a dinner that costs more than $100 per head should be.The service was pleasant and not intrusive, and the atmosphere is nice (if you like monochrome). But I don't really go here unless someone from out of town pushes the issue.I haven't ever really felt the pretension that others have mentioned...unless it's the setting itself and the fact that it is a celeb enclave, but I have always been pretty numb to that sort of thing and the people at AdC all seemed to be nice from the hostess to waitstaff, etc., so I will give them the benefit of the doubt.All in all, I am sure I will go back, the next time group from out of town comes in and wants to see what all the buzz is about, but probably not until then
2	I was quite disappointed.  Asia de Cuba seems to try too hard and one winds up with a plate of tastes that don't blend too well.  I had the tasting menu so I got to sample quite a few things.  The Calamari salad was both too sweet and too salty.  The tunapica was a waste of good tuna.  Once again all that I could taste was the salty wonton it was on.  The beef spring roll was a waste as well.For the main course the Butterfish was quite good and I enjoyed the fried rice as well.  The desert was the best part and that is saying a lot because I usually am not a big fan of sweets.  I also had the wine pairing which was a total waste as I do not know how one can pair wines with such a meal. On the plus side the atmosphere was nice, service excellent and I for one did not think it is as overpriced as some other reviewers did.   One last thing i could have done without is  the annoying competing music from the club next door after 10PM
3	I have been to Asia de Cuba about three times. The first time was fantastic. I mean the food couldn't have been better. They had this fried rice that we all shared that was amazing however I think they have since changed and/or tweaked their menu. The second time I went was for my birthday dinner and the one dish I wanted, the bbq spare ribs were AWFUL! First they were cold, and next they were fatty. I was so disappointed. Of course they asked if they could get me something else, but you know when you really have taste for something and it turns out bad, you really don't want anything else. So yep, that was me. So much for a great BD dinner. The third time I went it was just ok. The food was not as good as the first time nor was it as bad as my BD, but it was alright. I stuck with chicken this go around as it was safe and I was sure they couldn't mess that up. Well although they didn't mess it up, it was a bit dry. However that yummy friend rice made the world of difference. I cannot remember what was in it but I swear it had avocado as one of the ingredients. Oh and the desserts were good and the drinks were great. So all in all, its an ok place to go. Give it a try and judge for yourself. You just may run into someone famous! :)
4	Just to let you all know, Asia De Cuba is not longer at the Mondrian Scottsdale.  The new restaurant is Cielo.The Italian palate presents us with a veritable feast. Whether a gastronomic tour of Italy or "cooking Italian" back in your own kitchen, the prospect is mouth watering and evokes memories of dinners past and of tradition. Italian food means pure enjoyment, daily celebrated as a feast for the senses with family or friends. Our journey has been handcrafted by Chef Donald Lemperle who has created our painter's palate of taste and flavors- from the nutty flavor of Arugula, to the sweetness of a ripe tomato, to the freshness of in house made pastas, to the earthy and hearty robust wines of Umbria, to the creaminess of a cheese that will help you cheat the Devil! This palate of taste and flavors will assist you in painting a Renaissance masterpiece of familiar flavors,comforting your soul and your desire to eat, taste and savor the samplings he has provided.
