3	This branch of Jones Bootmaker began life as a sale store and to some extent it still is: one of the back corners and a couple of free standing shelving units are devoted to reduced price stock and there are some real bargains to be had, especially if you're after a decent pair of boots. I don't find much of the footwear in here particularly exciting, but everything is pretty well made and the styles are generally quite classic. Good for work shoes, but not the best place to come for blister inducing, stripper style stilettos.
4	Hidden gem located on the busy intersection of Bread and Lothian Roads.  Fantastically friendly & knowledgeable service and a great assortment of shoes from a range of lines including Timberland, Hush Puppy, Birkenstock.  On this particular day, I was looking for boots and I found instantly 2 pairs that I wanted - and that they carried in my size.  For larger sized women (i.e. 8-11), do give this a look as they have a fantastic sales and clearance rack with smart looking shoes + boots in a range of colours that are marked well below full retail price.  If you're in need of boot shapers, leather lotions, weather proofing sprays, heel cushions, you'll find them here and at competitive prices.  I'll definitely coming back for more shoes here.
4	I buy most of my shoes at Jones Bootmaker for two very good reasons - 1) this particular Jones very often has massive sales racks so if you spend a bit of time looking, you can get a good bargain, and 2) they carry quality shoes.When buying shoes, I want them to look good, be comfortable, and be as cheap as possible.  Jones definitely ticks all of those boxes for me.  Now, don't come here expecting to spend a tenner on something you'll wear for 3 months and will then fall apart/go out of fashion.  These are proper shoes that you will have for a while, and this is reflected in the price, even when it is a bargain.  I've knocked off a star because the sale racks definitely give this place a somewhat downmarket feel to it and the staff can be a bit hit or miss.
