3	Ok, so, I found this place after craving sweet and sour chicken last night.  It was late, and I wanted to carry out.  This place is located within a shopping strip that has quite a few asian quisine's to choose from.  The reason I chose here was because it was exclusively a carry out joint.  I just wanted to grab a bite, take it home, and eat.So, I enter the place, and its kind of drab, and not really appealing to the eye.  It appears to be a delievery/carry out joint, with NO seating.  So, I review the menu, and place my order for sweet and sour chicken.  The girl behind the counter was warm and friendly, and answered the few questions that I had.I was kind of iffy about this place. It's not in horrible shape, but it really needs a good cleaning and some updating.  I felt it was kinda dumpy looking.  But, it was late, I was hungry, and I didn't want to be to pessimistic.Well, I got the food home, and ate it.  It was fine.  But, I ended up getting sick later on that night.  I don't know if its because of the food, or the fact that I am having an ulcer flare up or what.  So, i have to give this place 3 stars, but with hesitation.  I want to say, I am not one who normally has a week stomach.  I don't know if I threw up because of my ulcer, or because of the food, but please eat here with caution.
4	My g/f and I LOVE THIS PLACE. For starters, they are always friendly, smiling and helpful, which is an absolute anomaly these days. At Southern and Dobson, it's semi-close to where we live (and they deliver). Their Massaman Curry must be tried by anyone wanting the best of this stripped-down joint (they now have tables for dine-in). It's Chinese/Thai oriented, for those who want something maybe in both of those worlds, and want it fast, delicious and (relatively) cheap. We always get the side order of crab puffs (you get like 10 of them! or maybe we do, for ordering them so religiously!), which are just a little slice of heaven on earth in comfort food. The shrimp in lobster sauce is also a scrumptuous choice. Grab a Thai iced tea as well, to round out an outstanding dining experience. Good for run-in and carry out, dine-in, or delivery, Szechuan Express is west Mesa's little gem of Asian cuisine tastiness! Thank you SE staff for your excellence!
3	One night, i ordered delivery from there and I got the Lard Nar (my favorite Thai dish) and it was very good. It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was better than okay. I am a huge fan of their Tamarind Chicken Wings they are spicy and crispy yet smothered in sauce! I also like the Pad Thai but I have yet to try their Chinese dishes, but I love their Thai food :) I've ordered from there about a half dozen times and they always remember my address and now even my name (!) and are very quick to deliver. I live by Southern & McClintock and they never take longer than 35minutes to reach my door. The ONE issue I have is that they NEVER get my heat specifications right!! i like it spicy and I usually order an 8 or 9 depending on how much I want to punish myself that day. My food is NEVER a freakin' 9... Its usually kind of spicy or not spicy at all. I'll even say, its okay - I love spicy foods and nope - let down. I still love the flavor and then I'll throw in some red chili flakes and it'll be all good. :) So if ur a diehard Thai food infianado this isn't the place for you, but if you like "basic" and yet satisfying place this is for you. I can't tell you about the interior or service because I've never been there. lol I'm a delivery customer But I am a fan and I order from here often and I have never been disappointed.
3	was craving chinese food and needed a place that delivered. the girl who took my order seemed a bit clueless over the phone so i was a bit skeptical about the food to begin with. the food was pretty standard and exactly what i wanted. i ordered the crispy thai chicken combo...pretty tasty. i like that it comes with a beef kabob skewer. i was also in a soupy mood so i got the wonton soup too. the broth was good, the wontons not so much. would i order from here again? maybe...
2	Ordered delivery . Thought it was a bit weird that the chicken was dark meat . (cost extra for white ) I asked for the dish extra spicy and it actually was the perfect for me. It may have just been this dish specifically so I may give it another try, just order something different.
4	We go here all the time.  Good food at a decent price. They deliver too.
5	Awesome food. Love their lunch specials, out the door for less than 5 bucks with a rice bowl.  Authentic Thai food and spiciness that goes with it. Eat here at least once a week
4	Eat there today for the first time.  Great food IMO.  Had the house chicken which is crispy and nicely seasoned with  egg fried rice.  Tasted like the great szechuan places I knew as a kid.the place is small and only seats about 16, drink choices are limited.  Will definitely eat here again.
4	I am not a frequenter of hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurants, so I have not much a basis of comparison, but Szechuan Express is pretty good.  I usually go with the Teriyaki chicken, which comes with a Teriyaki sauce that is very tasty and different from a Teriyaki Bowl type of place. My wife prefers the Thai Curry Chicken. We usually do take-out, though they will deliver. The store does smell funny (read that in another review), but the people are really nice. Word of caution:  avoid the Wor wonton soup.
3	Mediocre, but not bad and didn't make us sick.  I had crab puffs and sizzling rice soup, which were both okay.  Crab puffs were nice and crispy, they gave us a ton of them, but they were a little on the sweet side.  Sizzling rice soup had good broth and good rice, but almost nothing else - few veggies and only 3 piece of meat.  BF had dumplings and moo shu pork.  The dumplings were standard - pan fried with an odd dipping sauce.  Moo shu was 90% cabbage.  Anywhere you get moo shu, there are a lot of veggies, but this was seriously just cabbage.  A few babboo shoots here and there, very skimpy on the pork.  The flavor was okay, though.To sum up:  Go there if you're in the mood for a quick and decent meal, but don't expect to be amazed.
4	Deserves another 1/2 star, so 3 1/2 rounded up to 4.  I like the pineapple fried rice with steamed tofu. Always to take out, of course.  This tiny place isn't a place you really want to eat in.  Some reports of food poisoning below,  but I never had a problem, and they've been in business for a long time.
2	Now that i finished my meal, food is ok,  I ordered the orange chicken, and it was a definitely over done. I agree with a previous reviewer, definitely set up as a take out place, though I don't plan on taking anything out in the future. Staff is very friendly though.
5	Dang, girl.  I was bowled over by the Tom ka soup. The yellow curry with beef is great. The egg fried rice is full of scallions, eggs and peas. The delivery was quick, and the food is cheap with consideration to its quality.
4	I went back today and had basically the same dish.  The food was good and satisfying.  The iced tea is a little strange, probably a Thai tea but the food is good and the people are nice.
4	Their delicious pineapple fried rice with steamed tofu is my favorite at this take out place, in fact that's all I get here, tho I'm told their Thai noodle dishes are also good  Always friendly.  Why is it named Szechuan Express since it's a Thai place?  I don't know.
5	This company deserves every star of this rating. Everything always comes to the door piping hot, super fresh, and very quickly. We get the same delivery guy every time and he is the cutest thing ever and always so incredibly kind. My husband and I are extremely picky about our Chinese food, and these guys surpass expectations!
5	I have been ordering delivery from Szechuan Express for about 7 years now. The food is consistently delicious and the staff are extremely friendly. The prices are good and the delivery menu has coupons available. Delivery is fast and the food is always hot. I've never been in the restaurant itself, so I cannot speak to that aspect. I will continue ordering their food for many years to come. **HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**
4	This place was very good. I got the crispy spicy teriyaki chicken. I liked that it was a piece of chicken that was fried and then sliced. Some Chinese food places do to much breading. It was kind of a panko like crust too. Very good. I am pretty sure they make their own noodles there. I really liked them. It's a great lunch spot with their special. Be expected to pay $2 more to upgrade to the noodles. A little pricey, but I think worth it.
3	Phone in an order to pick up.Decided to try the pineapple fried rice w/shrimp from the Thai menu, broccoli shrimp from the Chinese menu and an order of dumplings/pot stickers.  Asked for medium spice on both entrees.  They indicated that medium Thai was hotter than medium Chinese.  No problem, appreciate them telling me that.My order would be ready in about 20-25 minutes.Arriving there 25 minutes later, I would say it's your typical take out/delivery place.  They have seating and a few tables, but you'll likely not be eating there with any degree of frequency.My order was ready, the people at the front counter were nice and I was on my way.I thought the food was good.  The veges were fresh the shrimp were firm and tasty.  The rice was cooked well.  The dumplings were good, not too much dough and they had that nice browned side to them.  They weren't piping hot like the entrees, but not cold either.The Thai medium is definitely hotter than the Chinese medium.  The Chinese heat level was OK, the Thai heat level was better.  I like hot foods, but also still like to taste the food at the same time.I enjoyed the dishes I and there is plenty left over for another meal as well.Will I order from them again? Yes.
1	SERIOUSLY. TERRIBLE.My office all ordered from this awful place. Took 1+ for them to make the food.. and drive down the road to give it to us. I can pretty much see this place from my office - what's taking so long?We get the food (really late), and it turns out they overcharged us. And they forgot an order. My coworker spent twenty minutes asking them to either bring her the food or give her the money back, and they argued with her, said they would bring the food eventually, and then 30+ minutes later IT'S STILL NOT HERE. HOLY CRAP.All the chicken and pork: overdone. My coworker says the ONLY thing that was even KIND OF decent was the pot stickers.
2	This was supposed to be the highlight of an otherwise disappointing evening in Mesa, but it too let us down. I ordered the pad thai and my wife ordered another noodle dish, both with tofu. Neither was prepared such that the noodles would pick up much of the sauce and the vegetables were equally overcooked, so we struggled at first to figure out which was which. Both of us literally commented, "meh". I would perhaps come back, but only after drinking.
1	Just decided to try this place tonight on a whim. I ordered the drunken noodles and the golden tofu from the Thai menu. Spent $20 after delivery fee and tax for one of the worst Thai food experiences of my life. The noodles are really just mashed left over noodle pieces interspersed with veggies. They're so greasy they drip from the fork and so spicy I can't even eat it. (I ordered mild!) The fried tofu isn't awful, but it's also too greasy for words. I will not be ordering from here again.
5	I have food allergies and need to sometimes omit certain ingredients from a menu item.  There was no problem with that here and they were willing to even add other ingredients to make up for the ones taken out.  I ordered the chicken coconut soup and Thai fried rice with veggies and couldn't be happier it is so tasty and made special for me.  Bravo Szechuan!
