5	This office is run with utmost professionalism and efficiency.  The doctor and his staff are knowledgeable, friendly and capable.  Dr. Lebovitz seems extremely current on new technologies and trends and takes the time to listen to his patient's needs and address them fully. I feel confident I am receiving excellent eye care and service from him.
4	I've been a patient of the Vision Center for many years. They have state of the art equipment and accept Vision plans. They give thorough and complete eye exams and also make glasses or contacts as your personal situation warrants it.Using the latest technology they can determine the health of your eyes and warn you of any potential problems you may be faced with.The staff is both friendly and helpful. They have office hours to accommodate the working crowd as well as Sat hours.Parking would be my only concern during the week as lots are generally full from commuters.
5	As a first-time patient at The Vision Center, I was very pleased with the quality of the office and its staff. The location was impeccably clean, the equipment was state-of-the-art, there were educational videos related to eye health playing in one of the waiting areas, and there was a decent selection of frames (although I didn't end up needing any as my prescription hadn't changed). The best part was my doctor (Lowell Lebovitz) was extremely helpful, friendly, and very thoroughly answered all of my questions. I left feeling very informed and satisfied. Terrific place!
5	The office is clean, the staff is on point and very friendly. I liked the way they explained what they were doing and the process of the whole eye exam. It was refreshing. Amazing group of people. My only disappoint, frames are costly, considering you can get what they are selling there for 1/3 the price on your own. Also, the selections seem very limited as far as glasses for men goes compared to other places I have been.
4	Formerly known as the Vision Center the practice was renamed to Envision Eye care shortly after the death of Dr. David Rosenbloom in 2013. Dr. Lowell Lebowitz continues to give quality eye care for his former patients and has added another doctor part time to the practice. I have been going here for years and am still pleased with their workOn my last visit I was given a thorough examination. The doctor is very clear concerning my vision needs and they have even more advanced equipment than my previous visit. You can now schedule online as well.I have learned that I can get glasses a bit cheaper than using my vision plan which is what I intend to do when I return in 2015.You can walk in if you need adjustments but for the most part you will need to schedule an apt if you have a concern or need an exam.The optomap usually not included in the cost of the exam is a worthwhile test in that it exams the entire health of your eyes. It is voluntary and there is no obligation.Again keep in mind it is located in downtown PIttsburgh so please keep that in mind when parking or having to deal with rush hour when scheduling.
