1	I was sad to see that El Picante had closed and been replaced by Taco Tio. But since El Picante was good and I was already here, I figured why not give this new establishment a chance.Everything seemed really different inside. I suppose you could say that the decor is actually better now. It's much more authentic Mexican.Sadly, the counter where you can see everything being made is gone. It is all now back in the back away from customer's eyes, which is definitely disappointing.The menu is fairly simple - burritos, tacos, nachos, tamales, and quesadillas. And few options within each of those categories. But hey, sometimes simple is better.I went with a burrito (wet style) and nachos with shredded beef. It was a little disturbing to hear the sound of a microwave in the background (never a good sign). And the staff wasn't exactly the friendliest.When I got my food home (yes, take-out again), it all looked ok, but while it was edible, everything completely and totally lacked flavor. Yes, devoid of flavor. Literally, I could see the cheese on the chip, but there was zero taste to it.Maybe things will improve with time as it seems like this place very recently changed over. However, it would take a lot to get me to go back here.
1	Not worth the trip.
1	I stopped in here on Tuesday afternoon since I was craving some Mexican food. Sadly the food was semi cold and there was no taste to their food. I was very disappointed and would never go back here again even if the food was free. I ordered the nachos and it was just nacho cheese sauce, a little bit of meat, tomatoes, and some sour cream. Nothing special I did not even like the seasoning for their meat.
4	I wasn't really expecting much. Being from SoCal I consider myself a bit of a taco shop snob/aficionado. Most of the time the beans taste canned, the meat is terrible, tortillas are chewy, and aftershocks from bad food occur.It was a pleasant surprise that a decent taco shop is now in the neighborhood. I had my standard bean and cheese burrito (extra cheese) and a chicken taco. My wife had the same except her burrito was wet and she got a beef taco. The bean burritos were excellent. Beans tasted great, cheese was good, and the tortillas weren't terribly chewy (just a little). My chicken taco was okay. The meat was great quality but didn't have much flavor, I definitely would not order it again. The sauce on my wife's burrito had great flavor. Her beef taco was really good and the meat was tender and tasted great.Overall this was a good dining experience. The prices were right and I would definitely eat here again. They have daily specials so keep an eye out for those.
1	Wow! I can say I won't be back! I got the chicken nachos! it's Chicken, tomatoes, some creamy cheese on the bottom and a few sprinkles of shredded cheese on top! that's it! ooh, and some goop, ohhhhh I mean beans! the chips where better than the toppings, I picked it up to take it back to work with me, and it was ice cold by the time I made it back to work, and I only work about 4 minutes away from there. ! it was horrible! The taquitos were ok, nothing to brag about, but that would be all I would order, but the sauce that comes with it is suppose to be avocado sauce, I have no idea what it was. My coworker says "diddo"
5	Very clean, friendly waitress, food was very fresh. Outside patio seating is nice. Can't beat 99 cent tacos on Tues. I will return.
5	I'm surprised by the bad reviews. I live within in walking distance so I've been here several times and have always had a great experience!! 99 cent taco tuesdays is the bomb! Great fresh tortillas and carna asada! And you can get any kind of taco you want. Crunchy, street style, or whatever.The people who work there are very friendly and their salsa bar is always fresh and well stocked. Try their Hanaberno sauce!!! but be careful.I've only had their burritos and tacos. Carna Asada, wet style burritos. And both kinds of tacos. So I can't speak to the rest of the menu, but like I said I'm surprised to read the bad reviews of others. Maybe this place got off to a rocky start, but who knows.I'd consider myself to be a rather credible source. I lived in Orange County (where my family is from) for four years where they have some of the best taco shops and spent many nights chowin down street tacos in Mexico. Is this place the best in world? No. But its well well worth giving a chance. And its tuesday so I'm going there tonight for 99 cent tacos!
4	I went here the other day for the first time and I have to say I thought it was way above places like Robertos and Faustos.  I got the breakfast burrito which was so yummy I wanted to go back for more.  Not greasy at all.  I also got a tamale, that the waitress says is made by the owners sister, very very good and also not greasy at all.  The salsas are also good from the bar they have, with nice pepper flavor and not vinegar like the other places.  Overall a wonderful experience, so I plan to go there for dinner tonight.
5	Went today.  Super friendly staff.  Good food. Not greasy. Good prices.
2	Okay so the first 3 times I went here...awesome.  I just went yesterday and guess what...a new cook.  The food tasted pretty good, but was greasy greasy greasy, and since I eat pretty healthy, it made me ill, at least I hope the fact that it was greasy was the reason.  I think I will give it a break for awhile.  Sorry Taco Tio.
1	I will not be back, I have way better than this at hole in the wall places closer go home. Save yourself and go elsewhere.
4	I can't believe that others give this place a ONE for stars. I have been here several times and It is real good. The food is always consistant. I like the Animal Burrito along with the tacos. The place is clean and the ingredients are fresh. It is your basic Mexican restaurant with what you would expect.PS the Korean place next door, Yum Yum BBQ is a great Korean place.
2	EDIT: Taco Tio is closed, it has been replaced with Don Tortaco.  The following review is from when it was Taco Tio.  Don Tortaco is much better than Taco Tio.carne asada burrito had rice in it AND had no guacamole.  fail.  guacamole always goes with carne asada. always.  Rice never goes in a burrito.  never.  tortilla was pretty good; didn't taste rubbery and was a little flakey.Quesadilla was dry.  I want my quesadilla smothered in butter.  Cheese tastes like rubber.
3	I usually get an animal burrito, and I always enjoy it. :) My sister and have have gone here to sit and study and the people are always very nice. Its pretty much your run of the mill little taco place, but its worth a stop if you're in the neighborhood and want some tacos. :)
5	Awesome food! Great staff and awesome service! I have been going to this location since it was El Picante. While I was sadden to see El Picante go, Taco Tio with it's awesome service, personable staff and great food is a fine replacement. I was a bit hesitant at first but they had reassured me by making the Tacos the way I wanted them. While it was not the way they usually prepared them, all you have to do was ask and give specifics if you wanted your tacos a certain way. It's true that I miss the way El PIcante would make you your food right in front of you, that was awesome, but if you like certain ingredients and your food a certain way, just ask them.I've been reading some of the reviews on here and the people who gave them bad reviews probably has something up their butts and didn't have the common sense to ask for things the way they want them.... cough Kevin H. cough cough haha.Anyway, I personally live around the area just a few blocks away and love coming to this place. I hope more people will try this place out that way they can stay in business and make me my tacos! haha
4	This place' food whoops on joints like Baja Fresh and Rubios.  Clean place, nice staff and beautifully painted inside.
