2	Rather average and uninspired. Nearly every Mexican restaurant pronounces itself authentic, however Fiesta Mexicana falls well short in that regard with bland, lifeless fare. The atmosphere is open an airy and the service is, well, serviceable. However, the bar is set high when offering Mexican food in Phoenix and there are many more flavorful options. Also, this establishment does not accept American Express, which I find to be unreasonable.
1	Very disappointed, lost our appetite after the long wait - very loud.There is nothing authentic about this place.
5	I eat Mexican about 3 times a week and this place has by far the best chips and salsa hands down. The service was excellent and my salsa bowl was refilled three times without me even having to ask.The prices are at the high end of Mexican food but the food was really really good. Def recommend this place to any serious Mexican food fan.
5	New restaurant in Avondale. Very good food, friendly staff, good margaritas! The servings are enough for 2 meals. The Verde salsa is flavorful. And the margaritas are made perfect
5	We decided to try here after we couldn't get into several places because of the holiday.  It was still only 5PM and it was getting busy when we got there.  We had a few minutes to wait.   Just after being seated, the restaurant started to fill to capacity.  As busy as they were, there were employees doing nothing but serving chips and salsa, refilling drinks.  YES, they do give refills on drinks contrary to what another reviewer said.  They were constantly bringing more chips and salsa if you wanted it.  free   Service was wonderful, very attentive.  Servings were huge, hot, and fresh.  Tables were being cleaned as soon as guests left with clean towels each time, not the rags used over and over like most places do.  Chairs were being wiped down, also.  The manager was very visible in the dining room, helping servers and checking guests.  There was a mariachi band tonight going from table to table.The tables and chairs and custom made and so pretty.  The decor is very nice.  The only complaint I have is how cold it was. I had the whole deep fried talapia.  delicious.  My husband had the huge bacon wrapped shrimp.  Four of us and none of us were able to finish.   We can't wait to go back to try something else!
4	This was my second visit with much improved service. On my first visit, right after they opened, the service was painfully slow. This time around was far better. I think they may still be working out a few issues but as long as it continues to improve I will be happy. The staff is super friendly and polite. Also the restaurant decor is nice and new and everything is super clean. On this visit I was anxious to try their margaritas so I ordered my personal favorite the Cadillac margarita on the rocks. It did not disappoint. In fact it was without a doubt the best margarita I have had on the west side. I would go back for that alone-the picture I posted should speak for itself. My hubby's eyes lit up when they places his ice cold beer in front of him.  Five stars for the drinks!The food was good-is it the best Mexican food I've had? No, but it is definitely as good as the other "sit down" type restaurants in the area. That plus the drinks makes this my new go to place when we are looking for Mexican food and a night out. I hope their service continues to improve and the drinks don't change!
1	Horrible! Only good thing to say is you can't mess up a beer. The food was okay but we didn't eat it because we were so full from eating chips and drinking for an hour and a half while we waited for our server and then for our food. The manager apologized and took some off the bill. But to pay $60 for dinner my family and I didn't eat was no value at all.
4	We have been anxiously awaiting the opening of this  new restaurant.  We went on the second night it was open and we were very pleased!  Service, chips and salsa, food, and drinks were very good!  They have done a wonderful job with the remodel of the interior.  Nice to have another choice in  this area to enjoy - a nice complement to our other excellent Mexican restaurants!
5	Excellent new establishment.  Service was quick, polite and responsive.  The meal was excellent. Will definitely go back again!
2	We wanted to like this restaurant... the food was forgettable. There was almost no taste to anything. The decor is lively and the staff was pleasant. I do not see us good back there.
2	This is one of those reviews can be mistaken for someone who is very upset and saying things that are exaggerated. I don't exaggerate ever. We decided that after waiting an entire hour for our food that we should leave. Several weeks earlier, our experience there was pleasant and the food was very good. The truly most offensive part of this afternoon was that we waited an hour before we walked out but immediately before we walked out we witnessed a large group that was seated at least 45 minutes after us get their food. This is absolutely unacceptable and even though the food is good the best they're going to get for me is two stars and I consider that to be a generous review.
4	A great resturant to go with your family and kids.  The atmosphere is colourful and fun.  There was a roaming guitarist that our kids loved listening to.While there, try the margaritas - for their size , and selection.Service was good too.
1	Don't be misled by the name. If you have to tell customers this is real Mexican food, it likely not. And that is exactly what I found here on my first visit. First of all they don't sell any "Aguas frescas". That's right no horchata here. Ordered a Pepsi and got a rootbeer. I ordered fajitas, which were very bland and over cooked. The plate of fajitas included more onions and pepper than actual meat.  Plus I think it was priced a little high at $14.95. My wife had a plate that included chipotle flavored steak. She disliked it so much that she asked to waiter to take it back. And they did. The tortillas were hardly warm. The one thing I did like was the salsa and the quick refills on chip and drinks. I visited the restaurant with 5 other people and non of us care too much for this food.  In conclusion, I will not be returning to this place, nor will I recommend it. If you are in the mood for Mexican food, go else where.
5	Just had lunch at Fiesta Mexicana and we're impressed. Salsa is roasted with enough spice to hit the spot The shredded chicken in the enchiladas mole was tender and flavorful. I'm very picky about the quality of the meat and there was absolutely no fat or tough bits - uncommon for your average Mexican restaurant. Husband had the pescado frito and enjoyed it very much.  Service was attentive and sincerely friendly. We'll be back.
4	Went here on Friday for an early dinner around 4:00pm and while there were only a few people in the place at that time the service was fast and attentive. Were served chips and salsa that were really good and we had not even finished them and our dinner had arrived. I had the chicken fajitas and they were tasty. The flour tortillas were a bit lacking as they were real fluffy and pure white like you by in the grocery store, not like authentic tortillas I get elsewhere. Wife and daughter had burritos and both said they were very good.Only one complaint...a young kid in glasses would walk by our my table on his way to help other customers, or just walking around the restaurant, and would ask "how are you doing sir?" every time he passed. Sometimes he would do it to drop of chips to the table next to us and then turn around and ask me again less than 15 seconds later. I bet he asked me 20+ times while we were there and finally I got upset and snapped "we're STILL doing fine and I'll let you know when we need something".  He wasn't even our waiter so we had him doing it way to much and then had our waitress checking on us.Other than that one small issue we enjoyed our dinner and will go back for sure.
1	Second visit here. The chips and salsa are very good. I filled up on them and they kept them and the salsa coming. Can't go wrong with the appetizer combo plate. I got it the first time I came here,  and got it again. It's big enough to fill you up. The food is yummy. My problem is with the music. Music should be subtle and ambient. I get that they are sticking to the Mexican theme with their music. But enough already do I really need to be rattled out of my seat by tubas, and squeeze box Oompa-Loompa bands? Turn the volume down let the music be in the back ground.  It's a restaurant, not a night club. I couldn't eat all my food the music was that loud and that bad, it turned my appetite.  I seriously wanted to walk outside and throw my body under a passing bus. Next time I'll order and eat it out on the curb on Dysart road, you can hear it from there but it's not blaring and you don't have to yell at your dinner date to be heard. Oompa, Loompa, doom-pa-dee-da!
5	Went to Fiesta Mexicana for an early dinner on Monday.  It was between the typical lunch and dinner rush.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive to our dining needs.  My husband had the Burrito Mexicana and said it was the best he has had in quite a while.  I had the Prawn Fajitas and they were delicious.  Kevin was our waiter and he was fabulous.  Never had an empty glass, quite attentive and very Friendly.  I will definitely recommend this place to our friends, and we will definitely be dining there again.
5	This is got to be the best Mexican restaurant on the west side. Their food is great to have a great selection this service is superior. The decor is absolutely Mexican style. And they have the best margaritas I've had.
3	ok service was ok not as bad as other experienced but not the best Ive had.Had Beef Taco, tamale, cheese enchilada, rice and beans.  Taco was good despite it was a 'pre made' shell not my favorite and it wasnt shredded it was ground beef but was good.  Tamale was fantastic. enchilada so so. rice was  very good and beans were good not the best but good.  Salsa was very good had a little kick to it  and I believe made with roasted chilli's  chips were fresh and very good.Will I go back  not likely  we have great choices for mex in the area, maybe it I had a coupon or they had a lunch special.
1	Very spicy salsa , greasy chips, worst quesadilla I ever had. Food below average in quality and way over priced -will not be back
4	Went back again for dinner on Saturday night during prime time. The place was packed and I thought we were going to be in for a huge wait, however, we were sat immediately and service was faster than expected for how busy the place was. Food was great, even better than the first time so we enjoyed it even more.This is our new favorite Mexican food place.
5	I will def come back here. The only downside is you get 1 refill of your fountain drink. Service was amazing, very attentive. The shredded beef chimichanga had very well seasoned beef and perfectly flaky exterior.  They could have cooked their enchiladas a little more, but the sauce was delicious. And their rice was the best I've had in a long time.
4	Yesterday we took out-of-town guests here and we all thought the food was very good.  I had chicken strips with mole and thought it was very good.  The food platters are large and I was not able to finish everything.  The salsa and chips were good and everything tasted fresh.  The place was a little noisy but we could have a good conversation so it wasn't too bad.  We will definitely eat there again.
3	I'd heard really good things about this place, so we decided to head over there and check it out.  The atmosphere is fun and colorful.  Plus, the wait staff all seem very friendly.I must say this first, I don't like things too hot (as in spicy), so I'm very particular about my Mexican restaurants. When we were seated, we were given a very small bowl of chips and some salsa.  My hubby tried the salsa first, and deemed it too hot for me.  So, as I like to do, I asked for a side of guacamole...I prefer that anyway.  When it came, it looked decent, but also had a strong heat factor.  I truly wanted to like it, but could only manage about 2 bites.We ordered an appetizer of chicken taquitos.  When they arrived, we devoured them!  They were delicious!!  There wasn't much heat to them, but the flavor was so wonderful.  Honestly, I would order that as my main dish, if we ever decide to go back again.Then came our entrees...hubby got cheese/onion enchiladas.  He enjoyed them a lot.  His only complaint was that there were too many raw onions, but it didn't deter him from cleaning his plate.  I got the carne asada.  The flavor of the skirt steak was wonderful, and the grilling of the meat was good.  My only issue was that it was so chewy.  I've had lots of skirt steak in my life, and when it's done really well, it can melt in your mouth.  We left there about 2 hours ago, and I still feel like I'm chewing some of it.We decided to end the meal with something sweet, so on our waiter's recommendation, we got the flan.  It was quite tasty, but a little dense.  I'm not saying it wasn't good, but it didn't have that light airy feel to it.All in all, it was a decent meal.  I'm not sure whether I'd want to go back, or not.  But, if we did, I'd really want to get those chicken taquitos!!
4	Never have had an issue here...service was good,as well as the food. Prices seem reasonable.
4	We've been several times now and have been very pleased each time.  They have some typical "American" Mexican food, some Sonoran and some other unique Mexican dishes from other regions which all have been well received by us and our co-diners.  It is a little noisy and the A/C can be a little fickle if you are right under a vent (but hey with AZ, i'd rather have cold A/C vs. none)
4	Very yummy chicken chimi, The rice and beans are excellent! Service is very fast and good came out quick! Chips are a little on the heavy side but salsa is perfect! Definitely will be back!
5	This was our first visit and a very good one as well. The decor is fun and bright. We were seated promptly and ordered a big margarita which was better than most that I have had around town. The wait staff was very good and quick to make sure we had chips/salsa and our order. The salsa was pretty good and the food was delicious, anyone who says it's bland is being indifferent on purpose. Price was reasonable and we will be back soon.
4	Finally!!  A good Mexican restaurant on the Westside.  Don Pancho's is excellent but it's mostly take out with a few tables so we've been waiting for a nice Mexican restaurant for a long time now.  Especially coming from Ventura County where we had all sorts of choices of really good Mexican food.   First of all the decor is really pretty and colorful, and the restaurant is very open with good energy.  Our service was wonderful.  Salsa wasn't anything to write home about but the chips were super good.  I didn't think the salsa was spicy at all, but I do like things on the hotter side.  Ok, the beer.  It came in a positively frozen glass!  So awesome on a hot day to have a nice cold beer from the tap!  Our food was delicious.  The chicken in the taquitos was definitely cooked onsite; not some canned crap like you get from other Mexican restaurants.  I asked the server if we could have the taquitos cooked so the tortilla was a little browner than the picture on the menu and they did.   The mole is really good as well.  I thought the value was great.  I'm not sure what people expect nowadays from Mexican food.  It's just like Vegas.  Gone are the days where you could get a meal for $5.  Ok, we didn't order a whole lot of food so that's why I'm not giving it 5 stars.  I'll definitely be back to try the chile relleno and tamales though!
1	This place was gross! My water tasted like a toilet. We ordered a cheese crisp, which was over cooked . The fajitas for two was more like for three ( could have gotten the regular size). I was excited when I first saw them because I was so hungry!! Then, I took a bite and was disgusted! I don't know what spices they use, but it is not good. Who can ruin fajitas? Usually I can tolerate any quality of Mexican food. Just put a little salsa on it and it will be edible. I tried a second bite and wanted to choke! I couldn't eat it. Even my husband thought they were bad but he choked them down. We didn't tell the server because we didn't want to complain. I ate the chips and salsa which was ok. My husbands beer came in a margarita glass. We sat on the patio, we were the only ones there, and it seemed like every five minutes one of the workers was opening the door to look at " something" in the back. I don't know if they were worried about us leaving or if they were waiting on a drug run;) The server was nice but slow and forgetful.  Additionally, the food is waaaayyyyyy over priced. You are much better off going to Raul and Theresa's or even filibertos....lol.
1	KEEP driving! I was staying over night in Phoenix and drove 30 miles here bases on reviews. Worst food I've ever had. Waitress couldn't get order right. Had a who cares attitude. Place was hot and old looking. Would not got back. Where's all the good Mexican food in Phoenix.
4	Well I thought I had tried every Mexican place in the west valley.  But I had missed this little gem.  The decor is super gimmicky and almost like they are trying to hard to seem Mexican but the food needs no help.  I ordered the Pollo A La Crema and ooooh man was it awesome.
4	I first have to say the inside is very festive - so the name is very fitting.  There are a lot of good Mexican food restaurants in the west valley and many are really good as well.  I noticed this place a few weeks ago and decided to give it a try.  The rice and beans are very authentic.  The salsa is really good - somewhat spicier than I usually like but it didn't stop me from asking for more.  What I love about this place is the overall atmosphere.  They have a wide range of entrees as well as deserts.  I also noticed the liquor shelf in the bar area and it is fully loaded with everything one could desire.  I would certainly recommend this for anyone that is looking for great Mexican food experience.  I have my favorite "Hole in the wall" that I go to often, but when I want a little change, this will be one of my top choices for sure.
3	Not the best food I've ever had, but pretty good for the area. We stopped by for lunch and at first I was overwhelmed with the amount of choices, it's a pretty big menu. I ordered a chimicanga and it was very strange. Not crispy like you'd normally expect. My husband ordered the Fajita burro and it was very yummy. HUGE portion, easily sharable (in fact that's what we'll do next time.Margarita was tasty (not the best, but what you'd expect).
5	Wonderful service and a very attentive staff. Wonderful food for all 6 people in our family. Great atmosphere!. I will be back for sure. Even my 7 year old son loved his chicken fingers and French fries and shared with everyone so we could see how good they are too.
2	This is not a kid friendly place. Went in with my husband, 6 year old and almost 2 year old. The hostess didn't ask if we wanted a booster or high chair. Did not inform us of where the kids menu was located in the adult menu. They don't have a separate kids menu with crayons or something to keep them occupied. The chips were stale and the salsa was so so. The meals we ordered were good and our waiter did a fantastic job however we will not be going back.
2	Good food, shady service. We were there during happy hour and asked if we could get the HH margarita made "skinny" and the waiter said sure. We ordered 2 and when the bill came we were charged $25 for 2 drinks! The waiter said it was an upcharge to make them w/ fresh lime juice and they used organic tequila. He didn't tell us any of that upon ordering, we thought we were getting HH prices. We asked to see the manager and he tooks a few bucks off...really? Maybe they just don't like gringos, IDK.
3	This was my first time going to this restaurant.  It is pretty easy to get to with plenty of parking and pretty cool Hispanic decorations. It was fairly busy and they had several large groups seated. It was not overwhelmingly crowded.  They have a very very large menu, but they were fairly nasty dirty.  It made me want to use a Clorox wipe to clean them.  The people were friendly, not very pushy with the "hurry up and order so we can get you out of here" attitude.  Although,  we kept running out of chips and salsa because our order took forever to come out. (Remember several large groups were there st the same time)  we were told updates and apologized to a couple of times for our delay in the order.  But they should have kept up on the chips and salsa. The food was pretty good. Not overwhelmingly spicy or bland. They do have pretty good flan. I would try it again but maybe during the week.
5	It is refreshing to see a restaurant make use of the small things to make a big impact.   Fiesta Mexicana has a large varied menu with above average food, great salsa but more important an atmosphere full of color and life.  The wait staff look sharp in their uniform attire, and our waiter was professional and attentive.  The surroundings were very clean, pleasing being artfully colorful and bright, without going overboard.  Music was pleasant without being too loud so we could also enjoy conversing with one another at the table.  My wife said her margarita was fantastic.  The food looked great and even the plates were nice!  Prices were maybe a bit higher than average, but when you want quality food, service and atmosphere you at least get more than you pay for at La Fiesta.
3	My family and I ate here for the first time the other night. It was busy but not so busy that we had to wait for a seat. Once seated though it took awhile to get our drink order taken. Are waiter was very friendly and did his job well but with that being said it took a very long time for our food to arrive and the food was good. Not the best I've ever had and not the worst. It's kind of pricey compared to similar restaurants. Over all it was an okay experience.
5	This place is great, love the colourful theme and what's amazing is the carved painted wooden benches love it. Hostess was nice and pleasant, she seated us as soon as we walked in. Our waitress was at our table in seconds taking our drink order, another server brought us chips and salsa immediately as well for us to snack on. Drinks came quickly and were great, I had a dos Equis lager on tap and my wife had a margarita on the rocks and both were great. Our food order was taken and it seemed like our food came out in less than 10 minutes, it actually seems like about 8. Food was hot and presentation was amazing as well as the flavours, very pleased at this point. I usually skip dessert but today we decided to have the fried ice cream and we are glad we did it was fantastic, the three of us shared it and we had trouble eating it all. I will be recommending this place and returning soon.
2	It's not horrible, but it's just not that great. Honestly, you'll get better flavor at Federico's.
5	I love this place! Being new to town i'm familiar with the struggle of finding decent mexican food. . Its a little pricier but to me totally worth it! Service is always very attentive always full water and chirp.  We've been in a couple times now and can't wait to go back tonight!
1	I think this place is way over rated on here. I like to try locally owned restaurants and I'm ok with less traditional food. But this place was not good. I ordered a shrimp dish, and the shrimp were like rubber they were so over cooked. My husband ordered a burrito that he wasn't a fan of either. The salsa was tasty (maybe bumping it up to a 1.5) but it might have been the stuff you buy in the refrigerated section at frys. The small things weren't their either. No water, no refills on chips and salsa unless you asked. Waaay overpriced too. $16+ for 3 draft xxbeers. They charged $6+ for 2 sides of pinto beans. Unfortunately we won't be going back, I was excited about a Mexican restaurant near out house too!
1	First time visit. Ordered Fajita burrito and it was horrible. The meat was tough, the red sauce tasted like marinara. Also order Enchilada Suizas and not good either. Green sauce was not good. Can't even explain what it tasted like. Never tasted Mexican food like this before. Just moved from CA and have yet to find good Mexican food in the west valley. The only good thing was chips, salsa and the beans. Will not be coming back. Way to expensive for bad Mexican food. Only giving 1 star since I can't chose 0 stars.
4	Came on a Sunday afternoon - very few people in the restaurant so we had our choice of seating. From the start, excellent and attentive service without being smothered which was nice. Ordered guacamole and a side of beans; both came out quickly and were tasty. Not amazing, but tasty nonetheless. Entrees came out next and were HUGE - got the Fiesta Grande and the Carne Asada Burrito. Again both were very tasty but not amazing. The entire place is very clean - even the restrooms were very well maintained which is a very good sign in my book. The decoration of the restaurant is colorful and fun but not too much - just right. Recommended for a fun night out for tasty Mexican food with great service and a fun, clean atmosphere.
4	This was a unexpected West Valley find. I decided last minute to try it out for lunch and had a great experience. The staff was friendly, the service was top-notch. I ordered the Enchilada suizas with chicken. The meat was tender and fresh. It comes with a small side of slaw as opposed to a few strands of iceberg lettuce and tomato like you see at most Mexican restaurants - nice added touch. The ambiance was festive with attention to details on the southwestern theme. The music was not blaring with loud horns and fast beats, but was soft while still being traditional. My server Elizabeth was friendly, helpful, and very attentive without being overwhelming. As you know, a clean bathroom means a clean kitchen and I'm happy to report that the men's bathroom was also spotless. 4 Stars only because it didn't blow me away with unique options like you would see with gourmet tacos, unique tequila drinks and more. It also may be slightly pricier when compared to the competition. But surely an above average place to go for your standard Mexican fare. They get everything else right.
1	Extremely disappointed.  The food was not good.  The service on the other hand was very good.  It's just ashame that the food was nowhere near the service.  We will not be back.  A word of advice, if you order the grilled chicken salad,  tell them to put more beans and not to load your plate with lettuce.
4	The Pros: DAVE!  Our server Dave was fantastic.  Honestly some of the best service I have received in a long time.  I hope I have his name right, I am 85% sure it was Dave...  Anyway, his level of attentiveness was perfect, in addition to his great attitude and ability to anticipate our needs.                  The restaurant....was very nice and clean, all of the staff seems to take pride in what they do and greeted you with a smile.  Bathrooms = very nice and clean, looked brand-new.  Good happy hour deals 7days a week, and it looks like they have live entertainment quite often. Salsa is great, they offer it in three different "heat" levels. Chips = good.  The sopapilla(sp?)was excellent.The Cons:  Although the quality of the food was fine and it was prepared perfectly....the flavor....  It was simply lacking any flavor that stood out..  Portion size was great, it just needs a little more seasoning...or something to kick the flavor up a notch..  And I do NOT mean just add more "heat".  Just simply a tad more flavor.
3	The establishment is gorgeous!  Very colorful and clean. The women's restrooms are clean as well. The food was average.  Which made me sad because I was expecting the food to match the decor.  I ordered the carne asada with rice and beans.  The rice and beans were very good. Nice flavor and not over cooked. The carne, was bland. There was no flavor, literally.  I have eaten plenty of carne and I'm pretty sure this is not what it is supposed to taste like. That being said, the mariachi's were a nice touch and our server was attentive and professional.  I would come back one more time to try another dish and a margarita. I also tried a bite or two of my mother's plate, chicken mole. I thought it was tasty, but my mom thought it was too sweet. The sopapilla was okay, not that it was bad. I like my sopapilla with confectioners sugar and honey only.  It tasted like they added some extra ingredients.
5	Seriously some of the best customer service around. We came in kinda late and the guys were very at tentative and always checking in with us but not like the annoying kind. The food was amazing and the chips and salsa are on point. Definitely coming back.
5	Great Food and service as good as any place I have eaten at in Phoenix.  I will be back.
1	IT GOT ME SICK!!!Me and my wife tried this place for the first time. We were going to go to another place for dinner, however we gave this local place a try. We were very disappointed and surprised that the meals we had was that expensive, and thus did not match the quantity or quality.  The food was NOT "authentic" as they claim, it's as authentic as "El Charrito" or "Old El Paso" frozen mexican meals. The only thing worth giving it 1 star was that the server was kind, however slow... With that said we will not be back, unless they have a change in management or owners.Later.....To Top it all off...I was sick to my stomach all last night, with frequent trips to the toilet, pretty painful.PS  I even contacted the "manager" later that evening and told him that  I was sick from eating there..He exclaimed that he would "look into it" - no comping my meal, no offering to make me go back. He simply stated " We'll I hope you give us another try...:" - Not a very good response from "Management." NOT GOOD! A DISAPPOINTING EXPERIENCE!!!
3	This is my FAVORITE  restaurant! The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. I definitely would recommend this place to anyone who wants to try REAL Mexican food! They ask you to write a review to get a free desert.... Than you find out that you don't get to choose. Stupid. Too bad they didn't start with that.
1	Gross!!!!! My family tried this place for the third time, we really wanted to like this place because it was so close to our home, and we like good Mexican Food...This is NOT good! It always tastes like it was a frozen style mexican meal, the kind you buy from Wal-Mart, very gross... Third time here was not a charm... We will not be back...also the prices are way to high for the quality of food..
