4	Sweet cozy sunken sunlit window-wrapped spot on St Zotique with some of the best smiles and pupusas in a highly pupusa-populated area. Incredibly tasty, fresh and super affordable, I would highly recommend this spot, especially on cold winter days when a little heat is what's needed. The burritos, plantains, sangria are all delicious but the standout for me are the pupusas - not greasy at all, and the homemade pickled cabbage and peppers with hot sauce piled on top take me to my happy place.
3	Fantastic el salvadorian restaurant. The papusas are fantastic, the service is warm and friendly and laid back. The burritos, meatball special, and yuca fries are great too - and I haven't tried their soups, but I've seen them come out of the kitchen and they look pretty amazing. Wash it down with a bottle of cheap/mediocre wine, OR their awesome sweet rice drink orceata (spelling probably off). A great place for a comfort  meal.
5	the cheese and bean corn papusas are incredible and not at all costly.  The salad that comes in jars on the table is wonderful.  LOVE this place.  (my kids love it too).
4	The pupusas here are very good. They are well stuffed and affordable. The "courtido" is sweet and salty. The breakfast here are really good as well. They make the best orchata in town!!
5	La Carreta has been in business since 1991 and has recently changed administration. In my opinion the change has improved the restaurants image. The pupusas (corn patty stuffed with pork, cheese and fried black beans) are a little greasy but still very tasty. They lack a little bit of cheese as well. The service is okay. They seated myself and the group I was with fairly quickly but when it came to order it took our waitress(which i think is the new owner of the place) forever to bring it to our table. But what they lacked in service they made up in taste. It was cooked to perfection. Even though the service is not the best, I'd come back for the food and drinks. Their menu selection is pretty big so you can be sure I'll write about La Carreta a lot more. Enjoy!!
4	A friend brought me here for lunch once. She insisted I try the bean/pork/cheese puposas and have a big glass of horchata with it. She didn't steer me wrong! The puposas could have been a touch warmer, but came with delicious slaw and probably the best hot sauce I have ever come across. Tangy, spicy and soo flavourful! Get the horchata, it's the perfect pairing for this meal, just sweet enough and just cinnamonny enough to offset the richness of the food.
5	Ended up at this little spot by chance. Was in the neighborhood and looked on Yelp for a recommendation. What a treat! Freshly made papusas with house made pickled slaw and tomato sauce in every combination we tried were wonderful. We got a pitcher of the tamarind water and split a chicken and cheese papusa while deciding on two combination platters that contained a papusa, crispy yucca fries and enchiladas and tacos. Yucca was crispy outside and tender inside. And once covered in that pickled slaw and sauce made a meal all its own. The enchilada platter was more like a traditional tostada. Flat, crisp, covered in perfectly seasoned meat and sprinkled with cheese. The pork, bean and cheese papusa was simply the best. Papusas are a steal at around $ each with heaping platters starting at $8. Fill your belly for cheap and leave so happy. Don't let the looks fool you. This place is a diamond in the rough.
3	So inexpensive!  A new food experience for me as I had never previously tried the traditional El Salvadorian dish `papusa` - A maize flour-dough disk filled with a selection of ingredients such as black beans and chicken. Topped off with a lot of tomato sauce and some spicy garlic sauce. Super yummy!It was a nice, filling and satisfying sit down meal on the mega cheap. Yay!
4	I'm not an expert in El Salvadorian food but La Carreta definitely rules the cheap eats in our city. Their pupusas are cheap and delicious. They also have a variety of meat and veggie options. Not interested in pupusas? They also have guacamole salad, plantains, tacos, burritos and tasty homemade horchata that apparently is really delicious with rum if you are a daredevil and your alcoholic tendencies forces you to sneak a flask in (I don't know anything about this). Either way, I recommend this place for anyone and everyone because there is something on the menu for all and you don't have to break the bank doing it.
