3	Stopped by here one evening...the allure of an "event" brought me here. I think I was expecting an event like Nicole W. puts on and me being a gardening fanatic, well, I expected a lot. Unfortunately, there was no event to be had; I didn't see anything out of the ordinary every day shopping experience.Pike's, "event" taken out of the equation, is a very large nursery with plenty of stock. They have a large assortment of flowers, trees, veggies...like you'd find at any nursery. They also have some patio furniture, ceramic pots, etc. If you are looking for a family/personal feel, don't be fooled by the name, this is just another big chain. While the sales associate at the registers had a friendly hello, there were no other employees mingling around the rest of the place. No biggie, especially if you're on a mission to get a few things and be on your way. All-in-all, they have a lot on stock and you'll surely find something here for your garden.
3	Nurseries really are not my thing.  But if they were, I can see spending some time here, because this place is pretty awesome.  It is huge.  The center is where you enter - and exit - but the outer section is where the really good stuff is found.You can find smaller plants in the tent area behind the building, but you can grab all sorts of outdoor furniture and trees of all shapes and sizes all around the fenced-in space surrounding the building.The only real downside is that the space is so big you can get a bit lost.  Not lost as in they need to send a search and rescue party, but lost as in you feel as if you really need help finding someone to help you out, and in the whole time that I was there, I swear I am not sure I saw a single employee.  That could really do wonders for the place.
5	Let's be clear first, I'm a novice gardener. My claim to fame is keeping my container oregano alive for about five years. Oregano thrives on neglect and sporadic watering. However this year I planted two raised veggie gardens, threw in some seeds and seedlings with what I thought was awesome dirt. Turns out sometimes plants are picky little snots and need more than dirt, water and sun. I snagged a soil sample and headed to Pike's on a Sunday. I was ignored as I first walked in but I can only assume it was because in my dirty outdoor clothes I looked like I knew what I was doing.  Once I asked for help I was super impressed with service. The young gentleman helping me took so much time to answer my stupid questions, helped me test the dirt with one of their kits and offered several product suggestions WITHOUT being pushy. I hate pushy. Their prices seem a bit higher than the big box stores but the service is so worth it. I'll even leave my little bubble of Plaza-Midwood to make the trek to see them again soon.
5	Have visited this location several times recently and they always exceed my expectations. They also don't mind when I shop their clearance section. Employed are very knowledgable and helpful without ever being pushy.
3	Its a beautiful store.  Lots of pretty fountains and such, but its really hard to find an employee and their selection for what I was looking for was not great. I wanted to do my vegetable garden and there were just not many options at all!  I also wanted a clematis and there were like 3 there, all around $50 because they were large.  I also took a soil sample to have them test it as another reviewer said they would and they did not.
5	Last Saturday I visited this place to see great options sizes and variety of Citrus Trees!  Looking for a tree that will produce EDIBLE (not only ornamental) Fruit...  Aesthetics are important to me, I'm eating the fruit, still I want the tree to have a Beautiful Shape and Dramatic "sweep'" so it is interesting to look at with and without fruit!  Amateur Bon Sai Artist is Doing something beyond harvesting a crop!This Place gets five yelp stars just for being a Lookalota !  !!  !!!  If you are a Dude, looking for a Date, I'm betting (based on what I see EVERYTIME I'm here) you will be fortunate in finding one or more, especially if you like Trees and Plants, though that may not be as important as I'm assuming!The Staff (most of them) are friendly and helpful, even the irritated ones are ok when they just point and send you to the other side of the property and could care less whether you find what you are looking for!  Look at it this way, you'll be able to look more AND Get, looked AT MORE!  Hope all your Dates are as fine as a Lemon is Sour!
5	Great experience. Going in to buy plants at the beginning of January didn't sound like a great idea, but Pike Nurseries had everything I was looking for. Staff was helpful without being pushy. Beautiful store, clean and well-maintained. I found this location on Yelp and it was a GREAT find! A big thanks to Martine (sp) for helping me in the store!
5	So thankful for Pikes! They have a great selection and the plants and shrubs are well cared for and are nicely organized. I've been going here for years and I can always count on them to have the plants that I can't typically find at Home Depot or Wal-Mart. Although they are a bit pricey, they do have a "play in the dirt" reward program. It's based on points for every dollar you spend and the points convert to cash two times a year. We typically use ours during the holidays which is always a nice time to get a little extra savings.
