4	Good french bistro. Friendly service. Food is tasty, nothing fancy, but very homey!Lot's of French tourists, because well rated in "Le Routard" guide.Wine list very short. Well spotted in Quartier Latin.
5	Probably one of the coziest brasseries I've visited in quite a while.A friend and I came here last night for a last minute dinner before heading out to a concert. Sunday night in Montreal generally is NOT a good night for going out to dinner, many establishments are either closed or shut down very early.That said, we stepped in here and were instantly charmed by the decor and ambiance, vintage and antique maps, old, thick books and book cases, fireplaces and wood panelling figure prominently here, you have the feeling you just stepped into some old brasserie in Paris or something, with Leonard Cohen sitting at the bar.We were told that the bavette here is especially good and I have to say the recommendation was correct. Simple brasserie food, very tasty, an excellent wine list, decent prices and great location, this is exactly to sort of place you come to in the winter to get warm and cozy while enjoying some great comfort food.
4	A colleague brought us to this nice establishment.  The decor is very cozy and you will enjoy the atmosphere.  The food is nice as well.  The filet mignon with brie is an excellent choice for dinner.  A must have is the blueberry creme brulee.  You can't go wrong with these choices for dinner.
3	I was checking out Montreal on my own and this place got good reviews on yelp.  The servers couldn't have been sweeter and the outdoor area in the back was very quaint.  They even gave me some advice on tipping in Quebec.  Unfortunately the food was just good.  They did have an English version of the menu, but it didn't match up to the French menu.  I went with the Duck confit salad.  It was good, but had about three times more oil than I would have liked.  I'd go back, but I wouldn't rush.
3	A nice French bistro--a bit old-fashioned, with limited menu choices, but good quality.  We had dinner, one of us had mussels, the other bavette with champignons.  Substantial portions, well cooked, both dishes included salads that were quite good, with plenty of greens, tasty tomatoes, and good dressing.  French fries included as well.  Service very pleasant, English spoken.
4	Food: This is a French restaurant with excellent food. I had their filet mignon with gambas and a glass of Syrah. However they brought out the steak with brie instead. It was somewhat a fortunate mistake because I love brie and it went very well with the steak. They were apologetic about the mistake and brought out the gambas later. The steak was delicious. The meal came with a nice salad and some fries.Service: The service was excellent. They were friendly and able to speak to me in English. They messed up my order and was able to correct it right away without any fuss.Location: It's located on Rue Ontario in the Quartier Latin. It was very convenient for somebody without a car. You will have to look for street parking if you drive here. If the weather is nice, they will most likely seat you in the outdoor patio area in the back which is really nice. Inside the lighting is a bit on the dimmer romantic side.
4	Excellent, cozy, unpretentious french restaurant conveniently located in the Latin Quarter. Friendly staff who spoke English as well. We had the bison burger, which was excellent, and the vegetable gratin, which was even more so. Portions were large, which I'm finding standard in Montreal. Wine was good as well. My one complaint was that it took us some time to get the bill, but the staff were so friendly it's hardly a complaint. Definitely recommend this place!
4	First impressions are everything and as the first restaurant I tried in Montreal, I am impressed. The service was fantastic and the food was delicious. I enjoyed the bison steak which came with a good portion of fries and greens. The chef was very accommodating as my friend is a vegan and the menu is very limited in terms of vegan options. A special meal was put together for him in which he has raved about ever since. The ambience of the restaurant is romantic and the small patio warm and welcoming. A nice spot for couples, families or a trio of friends.
