3	This restaurant is pretty new. It used to serve you free milk tea with your orders. This offer is now gone. We have been there several times and tried most of their foods. We find that the portion was really small and the items were mostly over-priced. The food was pretty good though. The only few items that are worth the money were the Lunch Box with Rice and Taiwan Sausage with Rice. Their rice noodles are not even enough to feed a petite girl like me and it was $6.99 for a tiny plate! Their shaved ice is $7.00! OMG!I would go again for the free milk tea but the offer is not valid anymore so I am not going back there unless they lower the prices. There are way too many good restaurants in Las Vegas with a lot larger portions!Hopefully they get to read my review and revise either the Portion or the Price!
5	This is my favorite place !! I love the food n shave ice~
2	First of all, this place spells chicken, "chichen".Anyway. The food was mediocre. It was so bland and took forever. Their pepper and salt chicken tasted literally like ass....They also kept their restaurant EXTREMELY hot. The restaurant was definitely warmer than the outside night of Las Vegas...which is saying a lot. I tried to eat, but I had to get up and go because I was SO uncomfortable with how hot it was inside this place.Their prices are also freaking ridiculous... too expensive for bland food that aint even good!
5	So far I've been there twice, and I love the food! I'm from Taiwan, and it has the taste of home :) . Service is great! Fast! Hospitable! And very generous too, when I asked for some clear soup that's not on their menu, they gave me a free but good portion of bowl of soup. I'm so glad there's one more place I could go when I miss food from home! :)
1	They don't turn on the ac. Instead, they use a ghetto fan to cool the entire restaurant. The service is horrible. Instead of making sure each table is okay, they would rather chat amongst themselves. If you plan on asking multiple times for napkins or other stuff, then come here. Even if they do remember to give napkins, they'll only give you one or two. They got our order wrong multiple times. Even when they were taking our order, they were impatient in waiting for us to decide what we wanted. Do not order any kind of rice dish. Also, do not order any kind of boba drink.In summary, do not come here to eat. Bad service, lousy food, and no ac.
4	First of all, just wanted to thank Amanda M for turning me on to The Little Kitchen Cafe, which is a cool little restaurant that serves popular Taiwanese food and desserts.They have been opened for almost two months, but I must have been avoiding Chinatown Plaza, as I was completely clueless about this new spot to get decent Taiwanese comfort foods and various shaved ice and snow ice desserts.  It is operated by Taiwanese business owner and staff, so it is an authentic Taiwanese restaurant biz.  Most are probably not professional wait staff with years of experience, but they are friendly and courteous.On my first and currently only visit, I only ordered 3 items, so I still have a lot more of their menu to explore.  1.  Pork Nugget Rice Noodle. This is a popular comfort food in Taiwan, which I usually have at least once when I go back to Taiwan.  The flavor is familiar, and I would say that it is decent, but only because I have tried it from vendors/restaurants that are known for serving the best in Taipei or the entire island country.  But without having to fly across the Pacific or at least driving to Monterey Park, this is not bad.  Portion is large.  Price seems high for the item, but you get a lot of it.  Good for sharing with others family style, so you can try more things.2.  Pork Crispy Roll - I like the crispy exterior of this roll, but again it is just average appetizer for me. Hitting the best of the best for this item in Taiwan has ruined me!3.  Milk Snow Ice - correct texture.  Just for that it is already superior to the imitation snow cream at Kuma just down the street, supposedly invented (just like Al Gore invented the Internet) by a local celebrity chef that has since moved himself to SoCal.Snow Ice (7 flavors), Taiwanese shaved ice, and smoothies plus toppings for dessert. ($3.75 - $7)--- 7/22/2013 Update---Went with a group so we could ordered more items to split family style.  They were very accommodating and the food came out pretty fast.  Almost too fast for all the foodies to take pictures of everything we ordered before portioning it out to everyone.All the rice dishes were served with Taiwanese pickled napa cabbage (similar to the Korean kimchi, but done in a day and without the fermentation process), hard boiled egg simmered in soy, minced pork.Pork Chop Rice, a traditional bento box offering for travelers back in the days (20-30+ years ago) that were traveling by train or bus across the island.  It was pretty good, and I would order it again.Taiwanese Style Sausage:  Good, but I prefer it to be cooked a little more for a slightly crispier exterior.Spicy Wontons - good, but we all agreed that it could be spicier.Minced Pork over Rice - Very popular Taiwanese comfort food, but also very hard to make really good.  This version is okay.Salt and Pepper Chicken.  This is the Taiwanese version, and it is more like popcorn chicken with Taiwanese style salt & pepper seasoning.Fried Rice Noodle.  Another traditional dish that is popular in Taiwan.  This is a good item to order for sharing with a group.Matcha Shaved Snow + Red Bean.  A traditional flavor combination, and it was decent.  The green tea flavor is not as pronounced as Frost Bites (their version is king).Peanut Shaved Snow + Boba.  I liked the roasted peanut flavor that was infused into the milk before the mixture was frozen. Boba was alright.Blueberry Shaved Snow.  Texture was creamier than the rest, almost gelato-like with a "grape" flavor.  Nelson Q suggests having this with the Peanut Shaved Ice, to make a PB&J flavor combo.Taro Shaved Snow + Taro.  Mild taro flavor from real taro and boost from taro powder (that color is just too purple to be all nature), but I think most will agree that this is the only item where people will prefer powder-base flavoring over all natural.Mango Shaved Snow +Mango.  Pretty good. I like the big pieces of mango, although we had some that were still semi-frozen when this made its way around the table back to us.Based on the above, I think they get a 3.5 stars.P.S.  The AC issue mentioned in previous reviews, was resolved by the time of my visit.  P.P.S.  Not friendly for American Express card holders.  And there is a $10 minimum for paying with the credit/debit card.
2	4 people, $70. Not worth it.I come to vegas almost annually and these restaurants change frequently.Simply put:They have taiwanese food, bad taiwanese food.There were four of us and we ordered 2 of the same things, and 2 different dishes.Portions were too small and taste was only average.My noodles came out really quick.....the other same order of noodles didn't come out until everything else came out.Everything else including dishes that came out and were taken back and then brought back out again because the order was confused.when eating the noodles, there were a ton of corn starch clumps in both bowls.Corn starch is an ingredient, not a garnish.We were actually told that after my bowl came out they ran out so thanks for telling me i got the old soup and they were making a fresh pot.Here's the temperature problem. It was only about 10 degrees higher in the restaurant than it was outside. So if you're looking to sweat like a pregnant nun and overpay, proceed. I wouldn't be surprised if they were gone by our trip next year.
4	We stumbled upon this place when we couldn't find something we wanted to eat and was open late. The Little Kitchen is a small restaurant with limited seating. It sells Taiwan dishes, shaved ice, and drinks.  My husband is from the island of Taiwan and whenever he finds a place that sells the Taiwanese food we have to try it out. My husband is a fan of the Taiwanese meatball. It is small dish with an outside coated with a translucent dough and a meatball inside. It is hard to find a place that makes this special dish correctly or even at all. He tried it and we had to come back two days in row. One of the things I would change is to make the dessert menu in English and Chinese. It is hard to order if you can't read in Chinese but, you can use the photos to choose what you want to try out. The shaved ice is really good. It is soft and melts in your mouth. It is not icy as I have tried other places in the past.  The condensed milk along with the pudding is great.   The portions of the shaved ice are large compared to what you would find in the San Francisco Bay Area.  If this place were opened closer to home we would be regulars.
3	More like a 3.5 star.Earl and I came in for dinner last night, and we literally went around the neighborhood 3 times before finding it.  First of all, the address is 4215 vs. 4250.  It is located next to Mother's Korean Grill, inside the shopping square where you see 99 Ranch Market.  I had to make the call to confirm the address.Anywho, when we got there, we were seated promptly.  With the recommendation of the lady owner/cook, we got the won ton noodle soup, pork chop rice, and crispy chicken roll.  She doesn't speak English very well, but she point point and with the help of another gentleman that works there, we made our decision.  -won ton noodle soup: clean broth, the won tons are deliciously handmade.  I don't care for the noodles.-pork chop rice: underneath the tender pork chop slices, there are minced pork.  The boiled egg was over boiled so it was super dry.  It comes with picked mustard greens and kim chi.-crispy chicken roll: our favorite of the evening.  The roll was slightly crisp on the outside, and flavorful in the inside.  This also came with kim chi.  You get salty, sweet, and tangy with this order.When we requested for the check, the lady owner asked "No ice?"  I said no because we are full.  Though, $7ish for a small bowl of ice doesn't sound like a valuable deal.   The meal cost us $24.  Overall, we think it's a decent place for decent Taiwanese food.
4	I haven't had their regular foods, but I have had their desserts and hospitality. They're both great! Right off the bat, everyone was friendly. Said hello and asked how we were. This is most unusual in Chinatown, but very nice. Our order was quickly taken in this small place and we got our desserts.Matcha green tea shaved ice with red bean and pudding, and a lemon jelly ice. The matcha green tea shaved ice was perfect. The ice was creamy and soft, just as it should be. Flavor was just right. I think the pudding is home-made there. It was great. The lemon jelly ice could have been a little more sour, but it was great, too. Like a soup of lemon jelly, basically.I'd most definitely be back. Just FYI, this place is a couple doors to the left of the Chinatown mall. Somehow the map was showing it elsewhere.
4	I attended Tony T.'s UYE here last night and we enjoyed the food a lot.  We shared 7 main dishes and 5 shaved snow desserts.  The winning dish for me last night was the salt and pepper fried chicken.  The dish was salty and it was somewhat spicy from the cayenne like pepper sprinkled on the chicken pieces.  It was terrific.The Taiwanese style sausage and minced pork with rice were very good.  In addition, the cuttlefish noodle soup was also very enjoyable. I had one of the spicy wontons and it was good but the spice level was low, not really very spicy.For dessert, we had ordered 5 different kinds of snow ice and they brought each flavor to us one at a time which we then spooned into our dishes.  Going with a group like this was perfect!  We got a chance to taste a lot of food.  Going alone or with another person would limit what you could try because the portions are large.  Service was very good and the owners of the small restaurant were very accommodating.  Having Tony T. there was a big plus because he could explain some of the dishes to us and his conversant Chinese helped with the ordering process.I'll be returning.  I have to have my own order of salt and pepper chicken.
3	So really 3.5 stars for me....The good:1. Tasty braised pork and minced pork with a nice mix of veggies and pickled veggies.2. Peanut snow ice with egg pudding was a surprisingly good combo. The fluffy snow ice is good....but not the best I've had.3. Pork belly sandwich/bao (per friends) minus the sweet sour sauce inside.The bad:1. Poor organization....they had to come back to our table to tally dishes afterwards since they had a few items not on the menu and seemed to forget to bring some of our dishes...but we were a party of nine.2.  Mango with a funny taste in the snow ice....I stopped eating after one piece and made note to the owner.3. Portion size is too small for the minced pork rice....carnivores beware! If you like meat order the pork chop rice, much better value for your money.4. Confusing menu with not enough explanation for us ABCers or illiterate Chinese.The okay:1. They brought out a new snow ice after I mentioned the funny mango taste.  I had asked for the mango snow minus the fresh mango but what came out was the peanut snow ice instead.....the lady working there is a little bit of a food nazi.  She also picked the replacement dish for my friend...well he sort of got bullied since she was rapidly speaking Mandarin and pointing and he didn't understand so he just ended up nodding his head....2.  They brought out a sample of the sticky rice cupcake for my friend who was bullied since they finished cooking it later on in our meal...and that's what he originally ordered.FYI - same owner as the old Noodle Pot a few stores down...they apparently sold that restaurant and opened this one.  The AC works but is not very strong....I think past reviews regarding no AC were not a personal choice by the owners but rather the AC was not working in the stores in the plaza since Mr. Sandwich had the same issue around that time.
4	It's surprisingly easy to overlook this small, unassuming cafe. When we arrived in the Chinatown Plaza, my friend and I looked around a few times and realized it was right in front of us! The Little Kitchen Cafe is in between Mr. Sandwich and Noodle Pot.Upon walking in, you'll be greeted by friendly waiters who will ensure you're taken care of the whole time. Placing an order is as simple as marking a number next to the entrees you'd like! Their Taiwanese menu includes some appetizers such as wontons and crispy rolls or entrees like noodle soups. Each rice entree has a heaping pile of rice topped with minced pork with a side of greens, pickled veggies, and an overcooked soy sauce egg. My recommendations include the braised pork, Taiwanese sausage or the salt and pepper fried chicken.The shaved snow is like a small avalanche of soft, layered ice cream and topped off with fruit and condensed milk. The fluffy texture is spot on, unlike the thick, gooey snow from other places. We created our own dessert and ordered a blueberry shaved snow with kiwi, condensed milk, and a pudding on top. Extra toppings are $0.50 each.While the food is pretty standard, their shaved snow is one of the best you can find along Spring Mountain. You should bring some friends to help you dig through the mountains of food and dessert. At least, if you're up to sharing.
4	If you read my original review you may have read some humorous venting. I'm playing nice so I removed the first paragraph :)Located in the main part of Chinatown, the same plaza as 99 Ranch Market but more to the center near Mother's Korean Grill. There isn't a big sign but if you're passing by you may run into an elderly Asian woman inviting you in. The service and entrees were good, I had no complaints. But you'll probably stop by mainly for their desserts. Their cold and very tasty shaved snow. Besides Frost Bites Shavery which is changing their name to SnowFlake Shavery!? this is probably the only other place in Vegas I'd highly recommend for shaved snow treats.  They have a bunch of combinations of flavors of shaved snow and toppings  I had the peanut with boba, matcha with red bean, mango with mango, blue berry with condense milk, taro with taro, and I think mango with mango love them all and more than some.  Their servings for shaved snow are big and inexpensive. Check out the pictures I know you want some now too.I guess all 13 of us who wrote a review for this business listing don't know anything better.
5	Delicious traditional Taiwanese food very home style food awesome tasty food and great service the place to eat home style cooking you must try
1	I've been to this place 2 times already. The first time I went was last month and it was decent. Not good, but not bad. I decided to take my parents there and give this place another chance.. And I regret it! We ordered: Sticky rice cupcake- it was literally MICROWAVED for too long. Yes .. I said microwaved. The rice had became dry and crunchy! Gross.. Sesame noodles: it was okay, I've had better. Pork stew over rice: it was probably the only good thing we ordered.. Stinky tofu: they took 30min or more making it... Half the batch was freshly fried and half was old (they tried to re fry it to hide the oldness) Anyways, i wont be back...another disappointing Taiwanese place. I'll rather go to tea station..
