3	It's so hard to find someone to help you in all these large box stores but at least here I eventually do and they have always been friendly, helpful and courteous.  They seem to really enjoy working there.I wonder how many miles a day they travel going back and forth helping people??
1	BOOO! I was working on a craft project for my daughters room Good ol Martha Stewart informed me that I should use a product called Homasote. I went online to find out where I could get it, since it's a green product I thought I might have trouble finding it. Apparently all Home Depots in my area carry it. I go in and I ask very nicely for someone to point me in the right direction. Just shy of being laughed at I was told they never heard of it and pretty much dismissed when I tried to tell them what it was and ask if they had anything comparable. Turns out Lowes was a MUCH bigger help. They didn't carry the product but they had a green material very similar and my project is now finished and looking very cool. I don't think I'll be back to this location. I'll just drive my happy ass down two blocks further at Lowes.
4	I love my Home Depots. Not much I can say except... get some wood!
4	It is sometimes hard to find employees to help you, but somehow today was the day that many randomly came up to help while we were in the flooring section. I was trying to ask if they would sell a bunch of samples of flooring to me, but all employees were consistent and said they can only sell the whole package. Unfortunately for me, I couldn't get just the amount that I needed, but I did appreciate that they were all consistent in their answer! :) good job!One of the employees in the gardening section was very helpful and friendly. There was a return customer who greeted him (and shared his reasoning for coming into the store again) as I was checking out. That kind of interaction shows me that the workers here remember their customers and take care of them!4* just cuz there's always room for improvement, but quality employees at this one!
3	A little inconsistent. They have some knowledgeable people, and some not. Sometimes they help with a project, and sometimes they try to sell you a ready-made version of your project (at higher cost).  Not really my favorite Home Depot, but it's OK.
5	Great place for appliances
5	Look for Sandy in appliances and Richard in kitchens. The nicest people ever. We spent three hours together planning for a new house. Loved them!!!!!
1	Had to be the worst customer service experience I have had in a long time. It still blows my mind that I have to make all the arrangements to have bathroom installs. The fact that every employee in my area was playing "grab ass" and not willing to help us is just ridiculous. Left and went to Lowe's where they bent over backwards to help us, made my purchase there and will continue to shop there.
5	Dependable service, most items in stock and even bought my appliances here.
4	A typical Home Depot layout, with various selections of the same type of item to choose from. Despite it being a busy Saturday, quite a few employees asked us if we needed anything while we were looking for various home improvement products. The garden section is cool, with a lot of different herbs and vegetables/fruit (Including various varieties of heirloom tomatoes) to browse through.
3	It's Home Depot.  What can you say?  They have a wide variety of home repair and improvement products.  They also have a good return policy.  And they seem to have more knowledgeable associates than a few years ago.  The advice is generally reasonable.Some products are very cheap, and I tend not to buy them here.  Plastic plumbing valves, for example.  I want solid brass.  Sometimes they have it, sometimes they don't.  But some stuff is just fine (PVC, fasteners and hardware, tubing and pipe, etc).  For many products I come here first.
1	So earlier today, I had a leakage in my pipe from the ceiling.  I felt baffled and didn't know how to go about solving my situation. I figured the staff would help me and facilitate all their resources to help me find a solution. On the contrary, the old man I spoke with in the plumbing department sounded condescending and made me feel inferior.  He was very short with me and uncaring, felt like he was just there to get a paycheck and go home.  I decided to take my problem to Lowes and the staff was awesome.  They went out of their way to find the answer to my problem.  They even found other staff members finding a myriad of solutions to satisfy my confusion.  Definitely, the last time I would go to Home Depot.  I actually should thank Home Depot, because they indirectly directed me to Lowes.
3	Home Depot/Lowe's-What's the difference. Convenience of locations-yes. Pricing-Blahhhh. They are a necessary evil when doing projects around the home or if your business entails, doing projects around somebody else's home. Clean location and the employees here are friendly. Don't mind my enthusiasm, this place deserves a three star review because nothing says exemplary. However, I will say hats off to Home Depot for offering a military discount. Anything that helps veterans & soldiers is good in my book
5	Always very helpful and friendly people here... By far my favorite HD.
2	Shopping carts throughout the parking lot and in spaces where you want to park your car. It's after 800 am and the garden area is not open yet.  I don't get that.  Areas in garden are blocked off for an operating fork lift so I can't pick up garden plants.  :-(  Then I pay for my items and the only open registers are by the commercial area and this exit is at the opposite end of the main entrance.  Dislike.
4	I like this home depot. I've been going here for years. The people are so nice and friendly.I was there trying to install a dog door and had to make a couple trips back and forth for resizing purposes after find out my wall didn't support the super extra large dog door I bought. I come back with a mess of packaging and doors and screws and the guy welcomes me with a smile and asks if I would like my money back cash or credit.Now, that's good service.Also, I feel like as a woman (in a skirt), the people at Lowe's kinda underestimate me, or think I only go there for the painting section. Home Depot peeps are always wondering about my next big project when I stroll in here.So I adore Home Depot.I'm subtracting a star because I've been misled by the greeter quite a few times on which aisle I should be heading to.
5	I love Home Depot. So much better than Lowes. They always have staff ready and available to assist you with what you need. Staff is always courteous and friendly.
5	Great customer service experience today!  I went to buy plumbing parts - but since I didn't know the name of anything, I took pictures of the "stuff" with my phone placing a tape measure along side.  The person helping me looked at the photos, gathered all the items and explained how the pieces would fit back together.  Thank goodness!!!Without his help I never would have been able to figure it out.  Sometimes you need and use all the parts in the box, and sometimes you don't.  Who knew???Look Ma!  No duct tape!
1	Went to get a Christmas tree last night. We walked up at 8:40. I know they close at 9, but we are quick. When we got to gardening they told us they where trying to close and when my husband asked what time they closed, they said 8. Kind of unprofessional to lie about closing time especially when you can just check online. We would have been out the door before 9. We have crazy hours and this was the only time we could do this together. I always bought my trees here, but if they don't want my business, I will go elsewhere.
4	This store is always busy and the parking lot can fill up quickly. Once you are in thou the staff is helpful and will look to make sure that you get exactly what you need
