4	Came here yesterday with my two year old granddaughter, a few friends and there kids. This place is pretty amazing and I found myself wishing I was 12 again to enjoy it to the fullest. we paid at the front, it was only $3.50 for a two year old and I was free gotta love that, a super cheep day of fun. We headed back to the 7 and under area called Earthquake. Imagine rows of huge trampolines that you can jump on with your kids. We kept entertained and out of breath by the jumping and the guy that worked there monitoring the area was doing all kinds of cool acrobatics that kept us in awe. all in all a super fun day. needless to say my granddaughter crashed out in the car after her big exciting day on the trampolines. So happy this place is 5 minutes from home we will definitely be back often.
5	There is literally nothing more appealing than a warehouse full of trampolines, meaning Jump Street is probably one of the coolest places on the west side of the Valley. $10 gets you in for two hours on Tuesday/Thursdays, and you'll get your cardio workout for sure. They have a large area just for jumping, as well as, two smaller "arenas" for dodge ball. You haven't played real dodge ball until you've done Hollywood stunts on a trampoline to avoid getting hit. They have several "extra" attractions that cost a little more than the regular trampolines. It's all worth it if you go on the days that have cheaper pricing. There are also designated kids areas for smaller children to play without the possibility of getting hurt by a rambunctious high schooler. I love this place, and I'm not exactly a kid anymore either. In fact, when my better half and I visit this place we might just be the oldest people jumping. Jump Street offers serious fun to all age groups; check out their website for videos and special pricing.
4	Loved the one down in Chandler~ came here with a group of 20 friends for a friendly game of dodge ball.Staff was friendly, the facility seemed new and of course, I had a good time~ hard not to have a good time when there's jumping and dodging involved.The only slight improvement could be the ventilation system as the first smell that greeted me made me feel like I had walked into a men's locker room after a heated basketball game . . . hate to write this, but the place smelled a little like old socks or smelly feet . . . the good news is that after you've been there a while, you stop noticing the smell.  So maybe the trick is to circulate some air fresher through the vents by the door??I love the concept, the fun so this is just a little suggestion . . .
2	The idea and concept are great, and are executed well but you want help with anything the staff would rather drink arsenic, or so it seems. I went here with my boyfriend on a Saturday, which, I guess was my mistake in the first place. There wasn't an adult only area which was kinda disappointing given that there are twelve rows or so of trampolines and everyone else in the place (the average age seeming to be 12-15) seems to have about as much spacial awareness as a 16 year old driving doing their makeup while texting. It wasn't terribly annoying to be nearly pounced on by an 13 year old as it only seemed to happen once every five minutes and it didn't really hurt if you're an older person. Surprisingly the only people with any manners are couples who wanted to do something fun and fresh (usually about my age, 19+) or children under the age of 10. Weird. Anyway, I was thinking about coming here again on a weekday maybe in the morning where there's hardly any people because it IS a lot of fun and you don't really notice the workout you're getting. So I though, huh, maybe I'll ask if they have a suggestion box or something. Trampolean aerobics classes and an adult only area might not have been suggested to them yet. So, about halfway through our hour jumping I got off to get a drink and went to the desk to ask about a suggestion box.Here's where things went really down hill:First of all, it looked like they just hired people who just came off the mat from jumping. AKA they hired people who looked like they were 12 years old. The only thing that didn't have a line of 10+ people was a  pre-teen girl, who, I swear to God was pregnant. If my kids were at this facility, I wouldn't want them seeing that it's okay to get knocked  up in high school because you can still have a day job at Jumpstreet! , I asked this girl about a suggestion box. She practically spat and me and she DID roll her eyes and said "Uhm, we don't have a suggestion box and I don't think we're getting on any time soon." I thought my suggestion was really good and didn't want to be turned down by someone, so I asked her if her manager had an e-mail or if I could talk to her manager. She said  "No, my manager only has a personal e-mail address, and she isn't around right now." So...you have a small business and your manager doesn't have an e-mail address. I'm not going to say she was lying to me, but uh...I just find that hard to believe. She also could not give me a time when her manager would be back.After that I gave up (she obviously didn't want to talk to me) and I went to use the bathroom. On the way there, I overheard two employees by a maze talking smack about costumers. In public. They were complaining about their job to a costumer (it looked like the customer was a friend of one of the employee's) and they just continued like they weren't even at work, SWEARING about their job. Around children. Was pretty pathetic. When I got into the bathroom their hand drier wasn't working, and I could not find any paper towels. So I went back to the front desk and asked if there was any (different girl this time) and informed them that their hand drying machine was down, she, like the last employee, rolled her eyes like I said something stupid, and then told me "ya, we know our hand drier in the womens bathroom is down. Just use some toilet paper or something..." I don't know WHO hired these kids, but their training needs to be stepped up a bit, their overall customer service is the worst.  All and all I would visit again, but never on a Saturday. Being nice to the employees doesn't help, and you can never get a hold of a manager. If you have an issue that you feel needs to be addressed, you might as well just try to talk to another customer because the staff certainly won't be helping you.
4	Great Concept!My girls love this place. You have to really learn the schedule when the place is really busy (because it gets packed) and that is when the experience is diminished and the potential for getting hurt is heightened.The big plus is the multitude of things to do. For the smaller,. younger children, they have their own set of trampolines and the bounce houses..well, who doesn't love a good bouncy bounce!The older kids can experience the main attraction and I will tell you that watching some of the stunts is pretty amazing! Not to mention the dodge ball, foam pit and the maze...2 hours gets eaten up pretty quick.Whats great about this is that kids are being ACTIVE and really getting a work out. I was out for like 10 minutes and my butt was kicked...so this is a great way to get your kids moving and motivated.The staff is young, but so is the staff at hot dog on stick...but they keep things pretty well under control and I have only seen one person get hurt in all the times that we have been there. Looking for common sense, good customer service, or a straight answer and you might have better luck talking with the floor.Worth the money...great value...and fun. A definite two thumbs up in my book.
5	We brought a big group of kids today 100 +.. We had 10 chaperones. And they let us play for free. I love that all the staff are young.and let the kids enjoy their time to let loose. Not a good place if your too old to enjoy your self..and all you want to do is harass the staff and complain..
3	I will admit that I was an adult who decided that trampoline jumping was a good idea.  The lowest amount of time you can "rent" is one hour.  It costs ten dollars which is fine.  The problem is that as an adult, I lasted all of fifteen minutes before I was winded.  My problem was of course that I wasn't too keen on some of the hygeine of the children.  But if you want to bounce around and aren't afraid of germs, this place is cute.  It'd be better if there were some "adult sippy cups" available.  But then again, the teenage staff probably doesn't want to clean up any accidents from adults who over-indulged.  I made the mistake of trying to jump into the foam sea.  Not only was the jump pathetic (a testament to my poor athleticism, but I will say, it was probably not the best smelling activity in the place).  The trampoline dodge ball, great idea, I'm too much of a scaredy cat to try, as well as a big bouncy obstacle course.  If you do go, try not to feel bad as the kids bounce around and do flips.  Otherwise, you'll be too tempted to sit in the chairs that all the other grouchy adults are waiting in.
5	What a great time for the family!  Active fun, professional staff, large foam pit, trampolines, mazes, races, slides, and clean fun.  Highly recommend it!
4	Great for kids... Trampolines galore.. Kinda pricey
3	We visited Jump Street for our first time today with a couple of friends from playgroup.  It's a great idea and the kids had a blast.The play area for 7 & under is small especially compared to the rest of the place.  There were about 25 toddlers jumping in the small area where as there was only about 5 people jumping in the rest of the place.  Seems like they should cater to the majority.Also, they were doing some kind of construction which consisted of them going through the 7 & under play area again and again with 2x4s and wood and construction supplies.  It should have been done during non-operating hours, it was ridiculous.
5	My nephew and his friends love this place. I like it to because it keeps them active. Also, a great way to beat the heat during the summer! Thinking of having his birthday party here because he loves it so much.
3	This is different from bouncy house places I'm familiar with in California because:* It's huge - a bigger space than similar places I've seen.* It has many, many trampolines. I don't know how many.* There is an area for younger kids and an area for older kids (teenagers and such). For example, older kids play dodge ball on trampolines. This activity never would've occurred to me, but the kids seemed to be having fun.* It would likely be a good place to escape the Arizona heat.They request that you not bring in your own bottled water (buy theirs), which is another way for them to generate revenue. If I remember correctly, we, as parents of a 5-year-old, were allowed to bounce with our kid for no extra charge.We had a good time and I could see it as a fun place to pass a couple of hours, host a birthday party, or just expend excess energy. 3.5 stars
4	Way cool place for the kiddos, I have to warn you though....it smells like stinky socks for the first 5 minutes (gag).  But my kids love it and I thought it was pretty cool also.  They just dont have long trampolines with sides, but also a pit with large foam squares that the kids can jump in that must be about 40 by 60 feet in size.  They have 2 dodge ball areas, a HUGE inflatable maze, a real maze inside a room of its own and even a small kid area.  I will definitely go back....but to drop the kids off and read a book outside, jk.
2	This place rocks if you love the smell of sweaty feet!!!! Gets insanely crowded, restrictions on where kids can and can't go, rude staff. We thought this place was great until we went to Sky Zone - Peoria. Where you can actually walk in and smell fresh air, the place is super clean, the staff is nice, and there are no age restrictions. We actually tried to go a few weeks ago and couldn't get past the smell right at the door. Our kids were so disappointed that  we weren't staying, so we tried Sky Zone. Very happy we did! I guess it wouldn't be so bad when it isn't crowded. But they really need to invest in a better ventilation system or include bounce shoes like Sky Zone does.
2	For older kids with good gross motor skills, prob a great place for them.  For my 1 year old, meh, she is better off at a park.  I called ahead of time and asked if it was appropriate for her to go and they said to come early but there's definitely things for her to play on.  Well, there were two bounce houses and the trampoline and that was it.  The kiddo didn't much like the bounce houses but she did thoroughly enjoy the trampoline ... for about 15 minutes.  Our pass cost us $4.25 so we paid $4.25 to play about 15 minutes.  I guess that's not the establishment's fault but it did suck we couldn't do much after that.  The trampoline was sectioned off though for just 7 year olds and under so I will give them credit for that.  We as parents could also supervise our baby and was not charged.  I think this is a great place to take your older kids but for your younglings, maybe not so much but then again, maybe it was just our kid!  Two bounce houses and a trampoline though ... not exactly a large play selection for our 15 mo old!
4	Great place!  My kids love it!  It is worth the money and 1 hour in there is a perfect amount of time.
4	Great place!  Love the atmosphere.  Like the variety of activities!
2	This place was much better when it first opened a long time ago.  Now its overpriced and disgusting.  Today was the last time you will see me here......  I know that most of the employees are young but NONE of them want to help you out...
4	Went here for my other sons birthday. I was pleasantly surprised. They have extremely comfortable furniture, a very large play area, with trampolines, dodge ball, a foam pit, and a place for smaller kids.It appears to be under the watchful eye of staff to make sure no one decides triple back-flips would be an awesome idea which is certainly a good thing for kids being turned loose.There are other activities such as a bucking bull, and a pillar climb (with harness), they also have very nice party rooms and areas you can reserve.My only suggestion would be, if you can get a Groupon do so, it is MUCH cheaper and in my opinion it is worth every penny you pay for on Groupon, it is a little steep otherwise.I had a fun time, and plan on going back myself when I get the chance to try it, it looked like a blast.
4	The place smells like dirty feet and socks upon arrival but that's because everyone's shoes are off.  However, during the week for $8 younger kids can jump their little hearts out all day.  Children 3 & under and approximately $4.Great place to tire the little one's out and for the adults to chill and relax on the massage chairs.
4	My only beef with this place is that the little kids area - is well, for little kids. Like tiny ones. If your kids are between the ages of 5-7, odds are they will be bored quickly and really want to go play with the other kids. Now that I've griped about that... - Jump Street is awesome for the older kids. The staff does a great job of monitoring the trampolines for trips and falls. They're very attentive but they're not crazy either so the kids can still breathe and have a good time. I do wish there were more chairs for adults. From time-to-time you can catch a Groupon deal to save a little on admission prices. Def a good time for the kiddos.
4	Had a groupon, took the kids all had fun. Place was clean, smelled ok and my boys had a great time!
4	Pretty good place to all to blow off some steam.  They have areas for all ages and free wifi for the waiting parents.  I jumped for awhile but like fellow Yelper friend Melissa H. said 15 minute sperts is all I was good for so I did multiply sperts..lol..the kid on the other hand jumped a long time.  As she jumped I surfed the web  :-)
4	This place is pretty cool.  I had a great time playing dodgeball with my son.  The foam pit is fun, but kind of gross when I think about it.  Sweaty kids just dive into it and I know those foam blocks are just soaking it all in.  Lol.  Overall tho, pretty fun time.  Trampoline dodgeball is awesome!
4	This is a pretty awesome concept. Take an old furniture store with a massive floorplan and fill it with about six bajillion trampolines and you've got Jumpstreet. The kids love it and there's plenty of adults in on the fun also. There is an area for the smaller kids also. I was pretty impressed with their attention to safety in there.It's pretty pricey, but what isn't in the world of niche family amusement establishments anymore.They apparently also have trampoline dodgeball. Which is awesome. So, yeah, get on that.
3	The place smells werid, that is my first impression. There was a ton of people there on the weekend but everyone was very nice to each other. The bathrooms were dirty and not well maintained. The area for the little kids is where we played all the time and that was fine. The people working there did not seem to enjoy their work either.
1	So it seems Yelp is in the pocket of "Jump Street" they keep removing my review. Wonder how much Jump Street is paying Yelp? If you can not post a "Real" experience about a business on yelp without fear of the censor police. Then what is the sense in writing reviews.  If a business complains about a review and pays to have it removed, that is just wrong. Shame on Dump Street, and shame on Yelp.Anyway here's a third reposting of this horrible business.Been here twice first time my children had a blast. So I waited till groupon kicked out another deal for this joint, they did, I bought we went. As usual the place smells like a Port O Potty at a state fair, you could almost taste the funk in the air.They may want to scrub down the trampolines and or check for dead animals in the ventilation system.Kids had a great time for the two hours that I paid for. It was quarter till 4 and that's when our time would expire. My 6 year old was standing in line for the bouncy basketball court. We were in line at 3:50, the line was long by the time he got up to get the ball and take his shots, time had run out and it was 5 minutes past 4:00. The person working the ball court took the ball from my 6 year olds hands and made him kick stones. I was standing with my back to the glass so I didn't actually see the action, I just had to deal with the after math.My son was clearly in line ahead of the cut off time, my older son was beside me putting his shoes on ready to go eat dinner. Then comes my 6 year old Son, crying like it was the end of the world.I get it that that a time frame is a time frame, but use some common sense...if someone is in line, waiting patiently before their time expires, you don't eject them when they get to the top of the line. This is one of the problems of employing young adults, some kids are smart and they get it. But this place doesn't hire the sharpest tools.Had my Son jumped in line after 4, that would be one thing and that would really be my fault for allowing him to jump in line and cheat the system. But if someone is in line, and it's 5 past their cut off time...what's it really cost to allow the kid to finish up and head out. But instead I had to spend twenty minutes calming a 6 year old down...for those of you that have kids will understand the embarrassment of a mental break down of a 6 year old.This place smells like dirty rotten took a dump in the ventilation system.  Embarrassing Jump Street, you should rename your joint to Dump Street, that's what it smells like. You should also take some time to train your employee's on proper queue management.  You keep an eye on the line, and when the kids get in line after their allotted jump time, then you kick them out. But don't kick them out after they have been waiting in line for 5 minutes.I'm taking my money to Sky Jump
4	Pros: Indoors and stayed cool; will keep your kids entertained for several hours (if they have the energy); everything (except the bathroom) seems clean and pretty safe for what it is. I imagine for the 8-12 yo set, this would be a sweet place to have a b-day party.Cons: Pricey if you go on a weekend or the holidays when they do hourly pricing; bathrooms were very, very gross; long lines to get started.Overall pretty cool, and if you can make it during their non-peak times (during the week, non-holidays) it seems like it would be a pretty good deal for a family night activity.*Note: If you are a large adult, don't jump into the foam pit. Trust me. It's fun getting in, but it SUCKED getting out. You would be shocked what a difficult time it is moving around in a foam pit if you have adult-level girth.
5	My two year old loves coming to Jumpstreet and his older cousins have a blast too.  I find it a good value for the amount of fun the kids have.
3	Its OK.. gives something for the kids to do in AZ! Kind of smells like dirty socks all the time, and I am always scared of the big kids shoving the small kids out of the way.
3	I am being generous, because my kids had a blast jumping around like maniacs.  We came here for a birthday party, and it was obvious that they had not vacuumed the carpet from the night before.  There were crumbs and dirt on the carpet.  There was a strong stench, it was a combination of smelly feet and clorox, it reminded me of old hot yoga studios.  I was happy I didn't have time to have breakfast, otherwise I would have had a problem.  The coin change machine was not working.  I ran out of quarters, so they told me I had to go to the front desk to get change.  I had to make the line and wait for the people that were registering all their kids.   I was glad I came with my husband.  I was in that line for 20 minutes.  My husband told me the men's bathroom was disgusting.  Unless we are invited to another birthday at this place, I am sure we don't have a reason to come back.
4	It was fun. The staff was super nice. I would return just because of them. The staff member in the back, a young, very blonde gentleman with ear piercings was fantastic with the kids. He was really watching them! He thought my kids were fighting but they were just wrestling. He calmly walked over to see what they were doing. He didn't say anything, but was just being watchful. Then an older child came into our area, he explained to the child she was too old to be in there and then SO nicely and respectually explained it to the mother. I was really impressed!The reasons I gave 4 stars and not 5. 1. The smell was terrible. Foot odor like I have never smelled. If you are pregnant, I advise going here!2. The cost. I thought it was a bit pricey for 1 hour and two little guys. Like I said, I will return, mostly because I liked the staff so much. But I will definitely bring a nose plug. Whew!
4	Staff here is very friendly. We have been 2 times in the past month as it gets my 2 year old's energy out. I love the fact that they have a separate area for children 7 and under, nothing worse than worrying about older kids pushing around the little ones.For $4 all day jumping, how can you beat that price? The only downside I really saw here was it was not quite as clean as I would like, but its run by a bunch of teenagers so I don't expect it to be sparkling clean. We will probably be back!
3	This place is fun and exciting for children of all ages but very dirty. The staff is not well trained and unable to answer simple questions. Also, staff members do not monitor children very well and seem unhappy fulfilling their job requirements. I would be happy if they fixed broken objects and worked on their customer service.
4	Staff is great.  Fun all day fun for my kid, and myself. $2 off if you follow them on Instagram. My kid is 3 so he can only play in the earthquake trampoline area. Still worth it's followed them on Instagram and it was a total of $2 for him to play all day!! Can't beat that! No re-entry so I come after lunch and hang out for a couple hours. Place is clean and has AC. Kids can wear themselves out. We visit at least once a week. Totally worth it
1	Really disappointed. Took a group of 6 kids and had a coupon for $2 off any jump session with one coupon per party per visit. Only $2 was taken off the total bill. I can understand if the coupon said per person, but it did not. We should have had $2 off each session bought in our party of 6.
3	Good place to spend an hour or two.I was looking for a place to take my nephew on his last Friday during fall break.  So we decided to go to jumpstreet and  my newphew had a blast.  He, rode the mechanical bull dozens of times, climbed the walking sticks a few dozen times, and played dodgeball. Jumpstreet has a lot of space.  There are a variety of activity areas to choose from, and there is even a area for adults to watch and wait. There  were many kids and adults at jumpstreet yet it didn't feel crowded. There is a  toddler area located  in the back away from the older kid's activities which is a great way to keep the little ones safe.  The staff was on top of their responsibilities and professional, even as teenagers! Jumpstreet might not be my favorite spot but it sure is one of my nephews favorite places.
4	Fun concept and an excellent place to run off some preschooler energy! Place is clean and well maintained.  The kids who work there are YOUNG so be patient but they do their best to keep the guests happy. There is a multitude of things to do although I do enjoy the preschooler area quite a bit. Between the bounce houses there and the big trampolines, they get a good workout.  The older kids have way more allotted to them, but they need more to entertain them. I brought my 3 and 13 year olds and they both really enjoyed themselves in the 2 hours we were there. And 2 hours was definitely enough. If you follow them on instagram, you get $2 off which helps but they don't allow for re-entry if you leave so plan your time here accordingly. They do have cubbies for your things which helps too.  Be prepared for the brussel sprout/foot smell. It is pungent.
3	I took my kids here today. I have 3 kids all under 3 years old. They did not have fun. There were only 3 things for them to do. There was a bouncy house, a slide, and a trampoline. My 2 kids under 2 years old were too scared to go on anything, and my almost 3 year old wanted to go on the "big kids" stuff- like the foam pit (where you need to be 4) and the harness swing where you have to be 8 years old. We were there for a half hour, it looked like a nice place, my kids just weren't in to it. So, I'm headed to chuck e cheese now.
