5	If you are planning a gathering up to 300 people, check this place out! Private parking lot, spacious dance floor, great sound system and impeccable service makes this a great venue for your gatherings, big and small. The owner of the hall was present throughout the gathering to make sure our party went off without a single problem and he did so in a such a discreet manner that him and his staff were not even noticeable... they were more like service ninjas if you ask me. I would definitely recommend this place and keep it in mind for next time.
4	So I went to look at this hall about 3+ years ago and loved it.  My fiancee and I were planning our wedding and we decided right then and there that it was perfect.  We put a deposit down to hold the date and were on our way.  Unfortunately due to some unforseen circumstances we had to postponed our wedding.  Well I called the hall today because we are ready to start planning again.  I spoke to the owner and asked him if the prices had changed much and he said no not at all.  He asked when I can come in to look at the hall.  I explanied to him that I already had and told him everything that happened.  He told me to come on in and he would honor my deposit from 3+ years ago and give me the price that matches or is close to what I was given years ago. He said he would work with me and that we will gt it done.  I am so amazed at the genorosity and caringness and I am so excited to once again start planning my wedding with such and amazing place.
3	Came here for a wedding and thought it was cool that they have their own huge parking lot. Hard to find this nowadays! This place in right in the heart of Industrial where all the strip clubs and body shops are. At first, I thought this place was a warehouse or body shop?.....It is not the nicest place from the outside. The surround sound was good. The bar was okay-a bit small but doable. Ventilation was good. I guess it really depends on what you are looking for. I would give this place a 6 (1-10 scale). Not luxurious whatsoever, but will hold a guest list of 200 + at a fairly reasonable price. Oh-the food...I am not sure if this is part of their package but we had the shrimp scampi, chicken and pasta...it was ok. Nothing spectacular. C+.
4	This banquet Hall is really sets the tone for an intimate yet spacious setting. We came here for a wedding reception dinner and had a great time. This place has a large spacious open dance floor and a set up for open bar as well as a stage where you could even have a band perform music.Lots of tables set up for this event and a buffet set up for fajitas, rice and beans which were very tasty!Private and spacious parking lot to accommodate all guest as well which is a plus.We had fun and enjoyed my very special friend's commitment ceremony reception party at this venue. I would for sure recommend this venue for a special occasion as it really has everything to offer that you could ever need to throw a celebration party!
1	The owner of this establishment discriminates based on prejudice. The owner's son explained to me that his father denied my request to host my cultural wedding reception at his venue due his experience with some people (whom I do not know) but share my ethnic background. These people claimed to have a cultural wedding, but instead sold drinks and charged at the door, which puts the owners liquor licences at jeopardy. I acknowledged the fraud concern and asked that if bringing our own liquor was a problem we can look into the cost of buying out the bar for our guest. The owner's son proceeded to explain that his father was not interested in having our business at all because, and I quote, "he doesn't trust us". I was shocked to say the least - I flew in to Las Vegas to finalize the paper work for this hall because the owner's son had previously drew up an estimate to rent this venue with my family who lives in Las Vegas. But when I got there the owner dismissed us right off the back, based on what his son claims is the action of  "my people". You can't generalize and discriminate against people. "As a matter of law, you must always respect people's civil rights. It is against the law to deny service based on protected classes such as "race, color, religion, national origin, disability or sexual orientation." (Source: Nevada Legislature). Civil suit and news article to follow, but in the meantime please be mindful of establishments that discriminate!
