5	This is one of the greatest consignment shops in the valley. If you haven't been in you better head on over! They take in only what you want to buy, so there is no sifting through junk. Tons of clothing, furniture, and home goods. Warning: You can't leave without buying something! And even better, you can bring in that stuff you don't use anymore to consignment and either make some cash or apply it to store credit and start your style anew. Seriously! If you love My Sister's Closet you will love Turn Styles (probably more!). The girls who work there are so friendly and always helpful. It's a fantastic experience everytime, you can't wait to go back to see what's in next. (They put new stuff out EVERY DAY!)
4	Great place to take nicer clothes (and home furnishings!) that clutter your closet. Remember to have them on a hanger when you bring them in!  When consigning make sure that you specify that you'd like to have store credit OR cash.  It's difficult to change your account once you are registered.  Of course, you receive more compensation when you opt to receive store credits.  I made the mistake of declaring "store credit" when I originally wanted cash.  However, there is such a nice selection of items in good condition that I haven't regretted my decision. I'm saving up my store credits for one of the schmancy furs!
5	LOVE IT!!!!!!Great prices, good selection, and super nice employees.  I am planning on going back on a weekly basis to get a scoop on all the deals.  Lol. :)
5	2 WORDS: SEMI-ANNUAL SALE!First of all the sale starts with 50% off merchandise, then goes to 75% off!!! Hello new wardrobe for less than $50!There are always plenty of cars in the parking lot so you know this is a great location! Not only that but I love how bubbly and friendly the staff is! I've been to other TurnStyle locations too; at each location you can feel the personality of the store... and I don't think I've ever stopped in a store and not bought something :/ (sorry wallet)Definitely Check it Out!Furniture, home decor, and clothing!
2	Horrible customer service, no wait, NO customer service. No greeting, no inquiry while I was in the store. I took my 2 blouses to the counter to check out and the clerk there, without looking up said "we don't check out on this side". Ok... so took the blouses to the other side and another clerk checked me out. No smile, no conversation, no THANK YOU. The merchandise is usually pretty good, but there are other good consignment stores in the Valley. The other Turn Style on Tatum/Bell is usually friendlier. Must be better management.
1	Selection of furniture is awful, the store smells so bad, old junk.... Big store but full of low end pieces, there are way better consignment stores in Scottsdale, I would be surprised if this one stays open very long.
1	Poor customer service, and poor consignment policy.   Had a very expensive purse that they would not give back to me....
5	Awesome store in a convenient location. The manager (Brittany) is super cool and great to work with. My first choice when buying or selling gently used furniture/accessories.
2	The Scottsdale rd Manager Brittany  belittles customers and acts like she's doing us a service by consigning our clothes. Many of my friends have stopped consigning here due to the snotty managers behavior and some don't even want to come to the store at all.  Good place to shop not consign.  The other hourly workers are kind and helpful especially the guy David.
5	This is one of the friendliest consignment stores I have been to!  Brittany the manager was extremely helpful with my consigning and her and her staff were very friendly which made it enjoyable to consign and shop there!  Also, the selection of items in the store was some of the best merchandise I have seen in a consignment store!  I am definitely coming back here again!
5	This place is nothing less than amazing. Great prices and great selection of items. They have everything from furniture to purses to rugs and even holiday items. They even have plus, petite, men's, maternity and kids clothing! They always have such a wide variety of furniture and I truly believe there is something for everyone in this store! The manager is super sweet and I've noticed that any time there is a problem, she is always quick and understanding to resolve it. I love Turn Style!
