4	This is where your family goes to meet with your grandparents on the weekend. One of the few Montreal deli's really that feels like the community deli.  Really nice waitstaff, and the deli counter staff is more than happy to explain some of the Montreal foods that we dont get in the States. Smoked meat is done in house too.
5	I love Snowdon's and finally had a chance to get back there this summer on a day trip up from upstate NY. If you like Jewish delis---then by all means make the trip out to Snowdon's. The smoked meat sandwich was amazing. I can't remember what style it was--traditional? Something that sounded like the less healthy option. GET THAT ONE! Yum. We did take out and got so much from the case. There isn't a deli that good out here in San Francisco and there certainly isn't any smoked meat. Can't wait for our next trip east!
5	One of the best delis I've ever been to.  And I've been to a lot of delis...
4	Grew up in Montreal and used to go here as a kid on the occasional Saturday morning, with my dad and his friend, after a morning of playing chess with them. They would get the "regular" more fatty smoked meat sandwich. I always opted for the leaner one as I had quickly developed an aversion to gobs of fat in my food. It was still a very good and formidable sandwich for a young kid, and the last one I ate must have been 25 yrs ago. I remember marveling at all the interesting looking preparations behind the counter and wondering what they were and how they tasted...    Fast forward 25 yrs and to San Francisco where out of the blue last week I developed a bad craving for smoked meat.  If anyone knows where I can get some in the Bay area, please let me know.
4	Great authentic deli ! Decided to give it a try instead of our usual visit to Schwartzs on our way into town for annual boxing day shopping extravaganza !Definite pro is no line up ! Schwartzs is great but standing in line outside when its -20C is not fun.I would say Snowdon is better,  creamed herring is amazing ! Smoked meat is delicious and they give you the option of lean of medium and regular or spicy.A little out of the way from downtown but worth the small detour.
5	Awesome Jewish deli.  Don't miss the varenikas.
4	Great smoked meat.  On par with the better known deli ;)
5	To Schwartz or not to Schwartz? That is the question that smoked meat seekers must answer when on the hunt in Montreal. Sure, Schwartz has famously good meat, but to avoid the famous line-up and high prices, we headed to Snowdon Deli instead. I pretty much fell in love with this place at first sight. The baby pink walls are straight out of an episode of The Golden Girls and the majority of the deli's regulars look like they could be extras.We settled in and placed our order: one hot smoked meat medium-fatty sandwich with mustard for him, one hot smoked meat medium-fatty sandwich with mustard AND chopped liver for me, plus a heaping order of coleslaw and sour pickles to share. Everything was phenomenal - the meat is absolutely melt-in-your-mouth and I highly recommend pairing it with chopped liver. The sweet and gamey flavour balanced the salty meat perfectly. For $15, we left stuffed and happy. Totally worth the slight trek outside the downtown core.
4	Definition of heaven: Hot old fashioned smoke meat sandwich, with fries and black cherry soda at Snowden Deli. Maybe some chicken soup, Karnatzel? Yum. Take out a box of 'party sandwiches' and knishes and your set!
5	Spicy smoked meat and chopped liver with mustard on rye, a whole kosher dill pickle on the side and rugelach for dessert: the perfect to-go meal for a flight out of Montreal. The combinations of favors and textures is a venerable party for mouth and tummy. It's off the beaten path away from the downtown near University of Montreal, but perfectly situated on the way to the airport.Hard to stay out of the whole Schwartz vs. anything else debate, but Snowdon can stand on its own merits. Food, service, old deli ambience were all great.
5	Awesome smoked meat sandwich!  I think Snowdon's meat is even better than Schwartz: more juicy, tender and flavorful.  You be the judge.
5	This is the best deli in Montreal. Snowden deli has been a family favorite of our for 50 years, and my grandparents first took me here before I could walk 25 years ago. My favorite is the old fashioned smoke meat sandwich and an order of fries. See you soon Snowden deli!
5	One of the best Jewish delis in MontrealI have been coming here since i was a little girl and have always returned for a yummy lunch or dinner. My favourite items are: matzah ball soup, smoke meat sandwich, french fries, grilled cheese, hot dogs.
4	I came here on the recommendation of a friend, and while I still think Schwartz's has the better smoked meat (more gooey, has more flavour, spice and texture if you get the medium end fresh rather than nearer to the leaner parts), I think the smoked meat sandwich here is good but not better.The smoke meat is different from Schwartz's in that it is more like a coldcut and less like a meat, if that makes sense. That's what I tasted anyway.I'd HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend getting the smoked meat sandwich with liver. OMG. Chopped liver. SO GOOD. That kind of sweet, gooey liver (it has caramelized onions in there, I can taste it), contrasting with the smoked, slightly salty meat is a match made in heaven. Totally delicious.I also tried a few pastries. Stay away from the danishes, and the apple turnover was okay but they didn't peel the apples so I got a few bites of apple skin (yuck). I could tell it was homemade though, the sauce inside wasn't cloyingly sweet like the packaged stuff, and it wasn't an apple puree but had actual little chunks of unpeeled apple in there.I'd come back for just the smoked meat sandwich, with the liver. SO GOOD.
5	Top notch food at this Jewish style deli.I had the smoked beef, while wife had the Bagel and Lox sandwich.  Both were great quality.   The smoked beef was so tender that it literally just melted in my mouth.Decor doesn't look like it has changed in the past 50 years or so.
5	Smoked meat, smoked meat, smoked meat, smoked meat!Yes, Schwartz' is the classic traditional touristy spot to go -wouldn't change that for the world. Snowdon Deli is still better food. If you need a recommendation: lean old-fashioned, side of fries. Boom, done.Also great: chicken soup, cole slaw, pickles, turkey sandwich, karnatzel (with mustard!). Parking in the area is tricky, be warned.
5	Delish! Best smoked meat in Montreal.
5	Places like this are legendary and should remain in existence forever. I have been eating at Snowdon Deli for years. I think some of those waitresses have been there since I was a little kid. They were old then, they are even older now, some are cranky, some are nice, its all part of the fun. The food there is great, authentic, Montreal Jewish deli food. They have these party sandwiches which are great to buy by the box, they come in whitefish, salmon, egg and tuna salad varieties, and are great for lunch/brunch, etc...Their karnatzel (think a gourmet slim jim and/or thin long sausage), is probably the best in the city. Whether you get it un-aged or slightly aged you are in for a treat. Plus, their smoked meat is also great.I was recently there getting an order to bring back home to NY and one of the owners was incredibly helpful, packing me a cold bag with ice packs and helping me to get all the foods I wanted to bring home. What a treat.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
5	One of the best delis in the city a true Montreal landmark and institution.Best staff amazing owners!!!
5	Today, Bry and I got: 2 smoked meats on Rye, 1 fries, 1 pickles and it came to under 20$ we got a free pepperoni rolled in some fluffy bread while we waited. It's an awesome Jewish deli/ restaurant and it's literally one of the best meals I will remember Montreal by if not the best. Fast, simple, awesome and service isn't even a question it's a standard of excellence.  Bry and I walked back to where we were staying. I had some wine with my meal and shabam! we had to go to sleep. The food was outstanding! It was comforting in the most innate form. We're going back and you need to go here ASAP.
4	I have to admit i don't think I really like Montreal smoked meat so take this review with a grain of salt. I've had some Montreal smoked meat twice before but all I presumably wrong places (once in Vancouver over poutine, once at a fast food joint in a mall in Quebec City).My SO's car got rear ended while driving from Quebec City so we stayed an additional night in Montreal when we intended to go to Maine. We decided we ought to try a proper Montreal smoked meat sandwich but no way in hell was I going to wait in -19 degree weather for Schwartz's (not to mention I tend to avoid cliched tourist trap restaurants) so I did a little googling for what would be a good alternative. I found many comments about this being as good if not better than Schwartz's so we headed out here for our last meal in Montreal for the time being. I ordered a regular (less peppery) smoked meat sandwich, medium fat on rye, with a side of fries and some coffee. The SO ordered his "old-fashioned" but otherwise the same and with a matzo ball soup instead. The coffee was fantastic- this is great deli coffee and they're generous with refills. We don't have weak brown water coffee where the refills come only with the check. This ain't no Stumptown roasters but might I say this is a damn fine cup of coffee. The matzo ball soup- not so much. It was literally a mushy bland matzo ball in a pool of neon yellow chicken broth made from bouillon. Avoid at all costs, it tastes like a ramen seasoning packet. Now for the sandwich- it's pretty good! The meat is piled high and served hit which is fantastic for a cold winter day. Unfortunately I don't think I'm sold on Montreal smoked meat. It was like a blander version of pastrami. It doesn't have then complexity and smoke of pastrami, not to mention I wasn't a fan of the bread. I like my rye to taste very much like rye and peppered with seeds. Good bread on a sandwich is half of the sandwich battle in my book. Now my favorite part is this whole meal was the fries! One thing I love about Canadians is that they know fries- no shoestring crap, no nasty inedible chalk coating, amazing crisp yet tender golden brown fries. Amazing. The perfect texture. I'd return for some fries and coffee in a heart beat (and excellent service!) but I wouldn't be sad if this is my last MTL smoked meat sandwich ever. Maybe it's the greasy patriotic American inside of me but I'd choose pastrami over MTL smoked meat any day of the week.
