1	After 2.5 years of frustration, we finally have concluded that this school is lead by experimenting amateurs.  They promise one thing (open communication, parent partnership, students honored, etc.) and deliver another.  They are riding on the coat tails of many dissatisfied parents leaving CCSD schools. Buyer beware.  I would suggest that the school does a decent job in early grades (K-3) and has fails miserably at Hillpointe campus in upper grades (4-8).  For every 1 good teachers, there are 3 marginal teachers.  I find that many charter schools are weak in the recruitment of teachers because they are unable to offer competitive compensation.  I have watched a revolving door of students during our time here.  After 2.5 years, my daughter would make herself sick in order to not go to school each Monday.  When she arrived there, she was an enthusiastic and high achieving learner.  This dissatisfaction evolved over time due to an over arching lack of respect and honor for their students.   This school is in its third year and they have much to learn. Unfortunately, the leadership of this school is not open and positioned in their own inadequacies.  Buyer beware.
5	I hadn't realized just how good this school was until my children had to attend a different school!  We relocated to one of the best school districts in the county, and my kids were not only far ahead according to testing, but bored out of their skulls.  They miss the freedom and challenges this school gave them!
5	We started the school year of 2014-2015 here at Discovery Charter School,  it is about the 5th week in we love it! Happy kids means a happy family. Last year we went to a CCSD 12 month 5 star school in the southwest.  We attended kindergarten and 1st grade there.  I felt that learning was rushed and although my daughters were able to keep up they were highly stressed and seemed to be hanging on the edge and not confident.  Our nights consisted of 2 hours of homework,  which should of took 20 minutes because we were having to learn the material and had a tough time staying on task because they were burnt out. Discovery has so far been everything I am looking for in a school.  It is free tuition with an amazing schedule of Mon-Thurs 8:00 to 3:30 and Fridays are off as it is family learning day. This school offers individual learning and class sizes are anywhere from 16-18 students.  They also offer seminars like cheerleading,  choir,  recorders,  art,  recycling,  news casting,  ect.  The last 45mins of the day students attend seminar.  They are also project based so students learn creating and making projects which is a lot of fun for them and family (right now we are growing wheat grass at home!).  Familys are encouraged to be highly involved which creates and positive environment amoung students and parents. You become like a family though each and every turn and curve of the journey.  When I pick up my daughters from school they are always smiling and greeting me with a "mommy guess what I learned today!" This truely makes my heart sparkle when I see my daughters are so happy.  Dailey I ask them "how do you like your new school?" and they answer "good,  good!"  with a thumbs up. I am excited that my kids will be able to experience more than available at CCSD for instance learning cheerleading and choir from first and second grade.  It will give them a headstart to discover their likes and dislikes are at a young age and experience to progress. Dr.  Price the principal of the school was out on the playground and showing and telling students about friendship stones.  My daughter found a stone that was shaped like a heart, gave it to Dr. Price because she said she wanted him to have it.  He explained that his wife and him collect the heart shaped ones.  He was thankful and thought it was so nice of her to give the stone to him and that he would take it home to show his wife.  The next day he came to school he brought one of his own friendship stones from home that he found in Montana and gave it to my daughter as a thank you.  I feel this review is highly necessary as I pray each and every child can have this same learning experience.
5	We started the school year of 2014-2015 here at Discovery Charter School. We are almost past the first quarter which is so hard to believe how time has gone past. My son has thrived and thrived in such a short time since being accepted into the school. The faculty and staff are true professionals and really care about each and everyone one of the students that attend this school. I am especially impressed with how close knit the parent involvement is encouraged as it feels more like a family then just a school. The class sizes are ideal so that your child can be in a learning environment in which they can absorb the material without feeling overwhelmed. I highly recommend anyone who is thinking of leaving CCSD to transition to a charter school environment as Discovery is top notch!
