5	Yay finally a boba place in a mall!! I have been here 3 times already and loved every drink I got.  I think they were the purple haze, my thai, and love potion. The girls that have helped me were always so informative which is impressive since they just opened and they were always sweet and really listened to my many questions.  There's so many options to choose from and the drinks have such cute names :)
5	Nice little boba place inside the mall. They have a ton of different options from smoothie boba to hot boba. I got the "My Thai boba" it was pretty good added coconut creamer instead of the regular cream. The only thing was that there was wayy too much boba in the drink next time I'll just ask for half boba or something
3	First timer here but love boba in general. The drinks itself are good but the price for the smallest one is just riduclous. I only got 2 hug (12oz) sized drinks with boba in one and it was $9. Also I was quite confused on the pricing since it's different for certain drinks. I got the Roxie Moxie with the strawberry nunu and can I say nono to the nunu? Basically a surprise once you bite it, personally I don't enjoy it nor did some of my family who tried it as well. We also got the Jazzy tea with boba which is a basic milk tea and it was good. Not too sweet but not bitter which was pleasant. This place is convenienant but I would choose something else to drink while I shop or my wallet would just dry up.
2	Heard a new Boba place opened up in the Chandler Fashion Mall and decided to hit it up. On the surface the place looked trendy and expensive. A massive collection of flavors and available choices...a bad sign normally in my book.I ordered a large (smooch I believe it was called) milk tea boba. The boba itself was overcooked in my opinion and there was something odd about the after taste to the tea itself. It oddly made my throat scratchy. It is overpriced for the size of the boba milk tea (almost $5 for a large) and was not impressed with the tea or boba.
3	I was very excited to try out a new boba place. I love anything mango, so wanted to get something with mango in it. The menu on the wall was hard to read for me, so it took me a while to find a couple of items that included mango and sounded good. Actually, most of the items on the menu sounded good. I went up to order and asked the cashier her opinion of what's good. She suggested the Maui, which was a blended drink with mango, guava...and I don't remember. She said it was good, so I was ok! She asked if I wanted the mango nunu in it as well, and I was like sure! The total came out to be $5ish dollars...for the 20 oz Smooch size, which I did not even know I ordered that size! My thinking is that it was very loud and she probably threw the smooch word in there somewhere and I said sure!So I ended up with a large smoothie for myself. It was tasty at first, but the more I drank it, the sicker I felt. It was soooo sweet that I thought I would have a heart attack. Okay, I may be a little dramatic, but seriously, it was very sweet. I never had a problem drinking boba smoothies, but this one in my opinion was too sweet. The mango nunu's were alright? I would be fine without it. The menu has a large selection and they all sounded so good! Maybe the one I ordered just happened to be very sweet? I would want to give this place another try...this time the hug size.
4	They have a large selection of drinks and their boba is pretty good.  Their presentation is very well done.  I had the Sly Chai with boba for my first time there and it good even though I am not usually a fan of chai tea.  If I was ever around Chandler Fashion Square I would give them a try again.
1	Boba wasn't good at all. Very trendy but I prefer a simple shop with good boba anyday. The boba wasn't made properly, it was hard and not even remotely chewy.
5	I don't know what everyone's complaining about. It's at the mall, so it's going to be a little more pricey than an average boba shop. The guy working the register recommended the mango tango fruittea with the mango gobi. It was really delicious! The only thing I didn't like was that it was room temp. If the drink was cooler, I'd have enjoyed it more.
4	Have you ever had Boba Tea before? Yeah, me neither. But I've heard from my Asian friends in NY that it's super popular in Japan. And with beverage sizes like *hug*, how can you not? So we got a boba tea, it was tropical fruit flavored with "peach nunus" on the bottom. You watch them make it and it gets sealed in this fancy machine and then they hand you a GIGANTIC straw. It's weird. It was... very different. The peach nunus on the bottom definitely taste like peach, but the texture is just strange. They don't melt in your mouth, they don't pop and they don't ooze.. they just.. are. Like a gummy candy I guess. Overall, it was tasty, but probably a million grams of sugar.
4	I'm from Southern California and more specifically the 626 area (aka asian food central).  Super shocked to see a pretty busy boba place in the food court at the mall in Arizona.  My curiosity decided to give it a try.First off, their menu is SUPER overwhelming.  I'm definitely on the indecisive side when it comes to ordering anything, but they have so many different categories of "teas" such as Flirteas (fruity flavors), Naughteas (creamy flavors), etc. It's a fun concept for each drink to have a cool name, but it took me a while to decipher that menu.  I do like how they have three options for sizes of drinks.CLUELESS: This Flirtea drink was made with guava, watermelon, lemon, strawberry, and green.  It normally comes with lychee jelly (or "gobi" as they called it here), but I switched it out for boba without any charge.  Flavor and their quality of boba was surprisingly pretty good!!GOLDEN TEA BOBA: I think this was a make your own kind of tea option. Could not find it on their menu lol, shows how complicated it is.  Was recommended this and it totally reminds me of Lollicup's milk tea haha. Plenty of options and they can also adjust the amount sweetness per request.  What's unique here that I don't see often is that they have options for sweeteners in your drinks (i.e.: agave, honey, etc.) A little on the pricey side because it's in a nice mall, but that's expected.
1	After walking around Chandler Mall for a couple hours, I was pleasantly surprised to find this boba shop.  But that little joy that I felt soon disappeared when I placed my order.  First of all, the location is terrible.  There's a giant pillar in front of the store which causes all sorts of confusion.  People standing around looking at the menu, people waiting in line, and people waiting for their drink, all cluster around this pillar, making you wonder if the person you've been standing behind is even going to place an order.  The extremely lengthy menu doesn't help this at all as people, new or familiar with boba take forever to decipher this menu.  The girls working at the store don't offer any help when customers seem completely befuddled by the menu but seem like they themselves need help trying to figure out how to make the drinks we've ordered.  It's not uncommon to wait 10 minutes for your drink while they let one of the drinks sit behind the counter as the ice melts and they make every drink in every other order.  I'm trying to be forgiving because they're new and probably haven't fully trained all their staff but maybe train the newbies on weekdays, not the weekends?  I've tried to like this place given the convenient location, but I won't be stopping by again.
5	So I've been searching for a good Boba place in the East Valley and I officially found it! This place was surprisingly really good . I got the Snow Bunny and it hit the spot.  The female worker (CLW) was very nice and super helpful. She even waited till I tried it and offer to make me a new one if I didn't like it. I was pleased with it and I'm glad I tired it since my last Boba experience I had, at Boba Tea House on Dodson, was horrible. Being a SoCal native, I know what good Boba is and I recommend this place! I will definitely come back!
4	Boba tea company is not your average boba place but if you have boba fever definitely check this place out. Traditionally the menu has simple options of teas and fruits but this place has full recipe drinks like the Maui or Love Potion with mixes of teas and fruit. They have multiple jellies and cool option like caffeine shots... Or something similar. Since I missed my crazy asian fruit options I only have the boba tea company 4 stars but don't let that stop you. Try it out! You won't regret it. Food 4.5/5Atmosphere 5/5 cool decor and graphics Overall 4/5
5	This is such a fun place, and I'll definitely be going back for more. I originally completely overlooked this place while at the mall. It's located in the food court, but it's off to the side and has a very innovative storefront, so I kinda mistook took it for an electronics store at first.I ordered a "hug" sized (small) blended "Clueless" drink. It was a combination of guava, watermelon, lemon, strawberry and green. And it had gobi lychee poppers in it. I'm such a kid about it and found the gobi poppers to be quite fun. They seal your drink with a plastic top and provide you with a thick straw. You have to stab the straw into the plastic seal to break it open. So much fun! This was such a cute place and I'll can't wait to return!
5	Best boba tea place in the Valley!Really glad we found this shop on a visit.  They have an amazing assortment of flavor mixes; a cool store design; and a bevy of optional add-ins like boba and less traditional nunu.  Teas are flavorful and the boba/nunu make the tea a blast to drink.Only knock would be the pet names for the drinks and all the options you have available.  They need to figure out a way to help customers process things quicker.  A cluster of people (including me and my girls, to be truthful) is always jamming the order area trying to decipher what they want to have.  Maybe some tablet stations where people can choose flavor options, move on to ice type (rocks/slush/et al), and then end with the add-ins.We shall return, soon!
5	Great boba selection! Very few places in AZ have good pop boba. Also, the workers are always friendly and helpful. The menu is slightly intimidating, but if you just tell them in general what flavor of tea you want they're really helpful suggesting options. (I personally recommend the Mango Tango with strawberry gobi)
2	I know this is AZ and I've lowered my expectations a lot for this state, but damn damn damn did I want to love this place.  Checking out the reviews, I already knew that ordering off the menu would be a complicated process, but the pictures and the reviews bespoke of at least a decent if not wonderful establishment.My body was literally craving asian drinks and since the other establishment I had bookmarked was not opened, I decided to make the drive here to give this place a shot.First pet peeve was if you come here for the first time, it is not easy to find unless you are a native to Chandler Fashion.  It is in the food court area and the closest entrance would have to be the restaurant plazas where the Spaghetti Factory and BJ's were and I only managed to not waste too much time by calling them and asking for directions.Upon arriving, it was easy enough to spot with a huge lit pillar with their name on it.  Venturing forth, I took one look at the menu and wanted to face palm.  Creative names, but it didn't tell me jack crap about what was in the drinks so I had to actually take the time to read the description for every single one of the damn drinks.  They were not sorted into two columns of milk based teas or fruit based teas either.  No... they were sorted into multiple boxes each with two columns with different types of heat levels that just made my head spin.  Already, my experience was marred and I hadn't even ordered yet!!Reading the description lent another headache.  There was no option for just milk tea.  No... each drink had at least 3-4 different flavor profiles with one profile I wish would not have been in them.  Not knowing if I could opt out of one or two, I spent about 10 minutes deciding on which drink was a lesser evil.  I opted for a Geisha something or another... See, I don't even remember the name.  It was a matcha with coconut cream drink with boba.  Fairly simple no?  The drink itself cost about the same as a green tea frappe from Starbucks which was another negative in my mind.  But no matter, I had driven all the way here and bedamned if i was leaving without a friggin' boba drink.The service was attentive and quick and I got my drink.Sip.Ugh... where the heck do I start?  First, the boba was overcooked.  It was just goo in my mouth.  Like... what happened?  Flavor though was okay.  Texturally just a fail for me.  Then, the drink.  There was hardly any matcha flavor, and even the coconut was not a primary flavor profile.  It just tasted extremely watered down and I spent the next 5 minutes wondering what the heck I was putting in my mouth... This was despite the fact that I had her make it easy on the ice.  I feel like the place was trying to jazz finger me out of realizing what I was ordering.  Lot of pomp and flair, but no substance.  Granted, the fruitier combos might actually be better, but with a name like Boba Tea Company, I expect the TEA and the BOBA to be legit and sadly this wasn't.  Huge disappointment.  If I am super desperate, I might be prompted to stop by and waste 5 bucks again, but then again I'm Taiwanese, so that would be a big no.  We don't do waste especially when it comes to boba.
2	I ordered a blush with Boba my first time here. Let me tell you, I am never going back again. It tasted bitter and it was very chunky at the top and watery at the bottom. This place is always packed and I waited 10 minutes in line for disappointment. I recommend going to a place called "the street" in Mesa az. It might be a little further but they are worth it.
4	Suck it up.  I have a love/hate relationship with this place.  I love their quirky drink names, the sleek packaging, and how there's more than just boba [gobi poppers and nunu yummies] you can add into the drinks but man do I hate the way they run things!  This place is always busy and the line spews well past their awkwardly placed pillar and into the rest of the food court.  They should probably utilize some kind of name system or order number because if you're not paying attention, someone can walk away with your drinks.  Two smooch-sized [large] drinks costs about $12 which is like $2 more per drink than any other boba house around the valley but you pay for the convenience of having bubble tea inside a nicer shopping mall.  Since it's always so busy, their bobas are always soft and chewy --- I dig the freshness.  I'm loving the yogurt gobi poppers.  Explosive!  Another good thing about the place is you can choose what kind of sweetener and creamer for them to use.   Truvia?  Non-dairy creamer?  Yes please!  The menu isn't as large as everyone says but since they did go with a clever naming system, you can't just go, "I want a taro boba."  You would have to comb through the menu and see that it's called a Purple Haze.  This can be a bit confusing but you'll get the hang of it.Anyways, Boba Tea Company is definitely a trendier bubble tea place and I'll probably come back again and again when I feel like standing around for 15 minutes to order and receive some drinks.  YOGURT GOBI!  WOO![You still owe me a drink, Bretters.  I'm putting you on Blast!]
3	I always like having a Boba in Arizona. My kids have taken me a few different places for this creamy fun drink.  I was so excited to see Boba in the mall. Needed yes needed coffee but as I said cannot resist Boba. I love the process of making it here. I had a Mango and I got strawberry for my husband. They were ok but not as yummy as some of the other places I have beenIt was a good drink that filled me up and gave me a nice deserved break from shopping. I am sure I will stop there again when I am visiting my kids
1	Awful service, rude, poor quality drinks, and an absolute waste of money. I will never be back. There are many high quality boba shops in the area that are friendly, quick, and have better menus. Go to Boba Tea House on Dobson or Boba and Donuts on Chandler. (The short)(The long) I ordered 2 boba teas for me and my little sister- and after waiting 20 minutes for our drinks they told us they were out of boba. Which I understand can happen- but the place is called BOBA tea company. So I said fine- please just make the drinks without extras in them (at this point I just wanted to get out of there with my 2 drinks). And then they finally came out with ONE of my drinks and they had added orange jelly poppers to my little sisters mocha drink (which we never asked for). I told the barista that there had been a mistake (my little sister is picky and didn't want orange poppers -but that's besides the point because we never asked for them in the first place). And the barista was incredibly rude- saying she could not make my sister another drink because they did not have enough time (it was about an hour before closing). I don't believe I was being overly difficult- I just wanted the 2 drinks I paid $9.00 for. My little sister ended up picking around the orange things they added to her drink (which was practically all ice anyway) and I did not even wait around for my drink because I was sick of being condescended to and waiting 20 mins for a $4 tea with boba (which they had none of). There is no reason this should have been such a bad experience- it's obvious boba tea company is all gimmick with no quality or customer service. Get boba elsewhere.
