5	The first time I walked in here, I was speechless at the amount of really cool glass, steel and textile art in this shop. Literally everywhere I looked had something neat to look at, and I wanted to buy it all and take it home with me. The last time I was here we bought a sign post for a birthday present, and the recipient loved it. There is a huge collection of glass blown art that I want for myself.
3	The Art of Steel has an eclectic collection of glass, steel, tile, art, knickknacks, and gifts. It's definitely a must-browse store in the Strip District and a great place to buy a gift for that hard-to-buy-for friend or relative.
2	First I want to say that I love the variety of items at this store and have made a purchase in the past. I am prompted to write this review after a phone call to inquire about a item today. All I wanted to do was to find out whether or not they had a particular item in the store before me or my family made the hour long drive to the store. Whoever answered the phone would only tell me that they would not ship the item  when I asked if they carried the brand (ummm... I never asked you to ship it). Then the person would not even tell me if the particular  item was available in the store. I don't understand. It would have been a $100 purchase. Do you not care about how you treat customers over the phone, do you have a poor record of your stock or what is it???????  If you were busy, I would have been more than willing to call you back, but you specifically told me that you would not tell me if you had it when I asked you.Obviously my family and I will not be making the trip to your store just to see whether or not you have the item in stock after this. That is poor customer service!
3	This is a cool place to stop in if you're shopping in the Strip. Equipped with glass and textile works, nic-nacs, stones, and even kites, this is as someone else put it: the place to buy a gift for someone who is difficult to buy for. However, I would add that more often than not you'll just walk in here to browse and peruse and enjoy rather than actually purchasing anything.
3	We really enjoyed our time spent browsing in here. I love the steel armored people. They even had wine holders made out of them! Their wall art was pretty as well as all of their knick knacks.
1	The worst service ever in my entire life of travel. I invited some new friends to see this store and an employee and the owner managed to be rude to both of us, separately, in a matter of 3 minutes.  All I wanted was to have a pair of earrings handed to me (30 seconds).  The owner was serving a couple who was trying different bracelets. I asked her once and she just said "I can't right now. Just a moment."  So I waited about 3 minutes and the couple continued to try different things.  I think she didn't want to leave them alone because she was afraid they might steal something if she took 30 seconds to hand me my earrings (couple was of color).  Since my friends had left, I asked again if she could just hand them to me so I could proceed to the cashier.  She got nasty and said "no, you have to wait your turn." So I went to the cashier and asked if she would be able to take out the earring for me.  She said yes and I followed her.  When we got there, the same lady (the owner), took charge.  She told me I needed to be patient.  I told her that I was, but my friends were waiting outside and I was running out of time.  I also told her she wasn't nice to me.  Rather than using the opportunity to apologize and please a customer who has purchased wedding gifts in that store, she got totally pissed and said she would not SELL ANYTHING TO ME.  When I walked outside my friend told me they left because the salesperson was very rude to them as well.  I assume that it must be a really bad work environment if everyone is grumpy.  So I do not recommend this establishment to anyone because it is not an example of the nice Pittsburgh hospitality and customer service.
5	Loved this place! Great prices and cool pieces. I especially liked their metal works and their artwork. Definitely a fun place and worth spending some time looking at everything they have. Don't forget to check out their basement as well!
2	First off, I like this store and usually go every chance I can. I had a very personal gift to buy and this was my second trip within the last few days. When I entered the store, I didn't see any staff. As I  was selecting several stones, a clerk popped up from under the front counter and said something like 'you can just ignore me back here'. I continued shopping and looked back and the ckerk was still under the counter. I moved to the jewelry cases along with another separate customer. She was looking for help and I told her I think she's under the counter. She found her and she came over and opened the case and helped both of us. She then disappeared again. The same woman wanted to look at another item and her husband kind of loudly asked "is there anyone to help us?" Up she popped again and helped the ffemale customer and me again. I finished shopping and went to check out. I asked if they had descriptions of the various stones I'd purchased and was told I could take pictures of the descriptions if I wanted. Since I'd bought 8-10 stones, I wasn't going to take  the time. I asked if they had pouches (common purchase with stones)-no they didn't have any. Since I'd bought a necklace, I asked for a box. She said they didn't have any. I replied that I'd seen several drawers of boxes from the case from which the necklace was purchased but she said those were for the items on display. At this point, I'd kind of had it, took a few deep breaths and waited for her to finish checking me out. I started to leave and walked back to the counter where another woman ( appearing to be the manager or owner was talking on what seemed to be a personal call). I thought I'd ask her but she walked away and then when I tried to follow her to talk to her she turned her  back to me and kept talking. Exasperated, I went back to the young woman and said, "I don't want to be a pill but I  just spent fifty bucks and I want a box for the necklace I bought. She couldn't get the manager's attention either so she went and gave me a tiny box too small for the item. My requests were simple but apparently good customer service is not important in the store. This is so different from my previous visits and several purchases. I'm looking for another store that has similar merchandise.
1	The employees at this place will treat you like crap. Except if you're black. Then they will treat you like a criminal. Stay away.
