1	I too purchased a groupon for this place and ate there last night. Here's what to expect: an empty place for the most part, pizza that does not compare to a frozen Tombstone you can purchase at a dollar store for a buck, dim-witted waitresses who, if bodies were brains, would be considered for Mensa, but that's not all. When we ordered my partner asked for a Sprite, since nowhere on the menu are listings for soft drinks. MORE THAN THAT, THERE ARE NO PRICES LISTED!!! So when the bill came and saw a charge of 5.99 for the Sprite, I asked to speak to a manager. The poor cook came back after apparently speaking with him/her, said there was nothing he/she was going to do about it, and handed my partner a garish Tshirt as some sort of compensation I suppose. Well that's not good enough. I will write to Groupon and ask for a refund, will never ever patronize this place, and will spread the word to those in my social networks to do the same thing. I don't mind paying for something once I know the price. But we're talking about soda here, fizzy water, and to charge 5.99 for it is simply stupid. And now this review is what they get for their trouble! This place won't last 6 months, if that. And then they will wonder how and why they failed. They can read this post to figure out perhaps that you don't get repeat customers or new new customers by being slick with your prices, hoping that no one will notice. Well I noticed. And as far as the Tshirt, we gave it to a bum on the bridge as we walked back to the Cosmo.
5	I'm a big fan of this new place! I didn't purchase any Groupon for this place but had heard from friends that it had opened on the corner of Planet Hollywood (Harmon & LV Blvd) and was owned by the same people as Blondies.Both times I came here were during the week close to when it opened so I just sat with a coworker at the bar near the front entrance and ordered lunch both times. The first time I ordered the chicken nachos here and was not a fan of them served on potato chips. The wings were pretty decent here. Second time here, I ordered a corned beef reuben sandwich on a toasted bun which was very tasty. On that second visit, one of the managers, Drew, was available and kind enough to give me and my friend a quick tour of the venue. They have a stage setup with a dance floor ready for live music as well as beer pong tables setup. I also saw dart boards and foosball machines.The bar's upstairs area was huge and actually has private VIP rooms that could be rented out and I loved the atmosphere of this place! The room had a pool table and neon lighting with tinted windows to offer privacy but to still be able to see what's going on down below. Most likely for my upcoming birthday in February, I will try to rent out one of the VIP rooms as opposed to getting bottle service on the strip or typical Vegas celebration. They also got the 5 cent PBR and vodka mixer deal similar to what Todd English provided before on Tuesdays, 9pm-2am.At first you would expect them to be on top of everything, being under similar ownership by Blondies in PH, but the place just opened and seems to be testing out a new concept of being a classy sports bar that serves different purposes. They do have some kinks that need to be worked out so as the weeks go by, I will try to revisit the place and update my review.
5	Cool place to watch sports and UFC fights, play beer pong, shuffleboard, darts, golden tee, pool, foosball and ping pong (when upstairs is open) with your friends.Was there last night and Flava Flav was there with a band performing cover songs. I'm not sure if having live music is going to be a regular thing on weekends going forward, but they definitely have the setup for it.I haven't had the food here yet, so I will decline to comment on that for the time being. Updates to follow.A beer pong setup here is $15 and consists of the necessary cups and beer pong balls with 1 pitcher of Pabst Blue Ribbon. The pool and shuffleboard have $12 hourly rates. I haven't played darts yet, but would assume that is a $12/hr charge as well.DB's also has some pretty cool happy hour specials daily including A.Y.C.D. Blue Ribbon if that's your preference. They also have good prices on well drinks and cocktails.I've been here several times and the bartenders have all been  awesome as far as friendliness and customer service. Overall, the prices are fairly reasonable for alcohol on the strip any time of day and they have a pretty good selection of spirits including 4 types of Ciroc vodka. ***If you have a NV ID you get 25% off all food, alcohol, and games which makes it even easier on the wallet.***They are open 24hrs on Fri/Sat and close at 2am on weekday. The place was full and poppin' last night, but not sure how much of that was due to Flava Flav. Would love to see this place get so full more regularly to warrant the owners to keep it open later or 24hrs every day, as well as opening the upstairs area more often.
3	Imagine my surprise when I learned the name stands for Dirty Blonde's and not another moniker associated with men of believe they are God's gift. There were plenty of them there the night we stopped in.Went in for a drink or two (turned in to only 1 since the prices are insane) on our back to our hotel. This won't be a place I frequent when I return to Las Vegas. The bartenders were sexy though.
3	I'm torn between 2 and 3 stars, but will give 3 since we probably just came at an "off" time. I bought a Groupon, $30 for $10, plus it was a weekend when Groupon had a $5 off promotion, so I only paid $5. We stopped by at 7:30pm and played pool at 1 of the 2 pool tables. Maybe there are more pool tables somewhere else, but when I think pool hall, I envision a room full of pool tables. Anyway, I think it was $12.99/hr. They had a couple of beer pong tables too.We also had the nachos, which were ok, but nothing spectacular for $12. Add one Sprite and a water and that used up the $30. I guess that's not too bad. The whole time there were only a few other people in there, but as we were leaving there were a bunch of girls around the bar waiting for the male review. I would expect it to be a little more crowded on a Friday night, but like I said, we were there at 7:30 so we were probably early.So I guess somewhere between meh and a-ok is fitting. This might be a fun place to go with a big group before heading somewhere else.*Edit* I forgot to mention they offer bottle service! Uh, seriously? Someone's going to pay $150 for a bottle of vodka at this place? I don't think so. I know it's Vegas, but come on!!
5	My wife and I went to DBs because they had shuffleboard and darts, and have found one of our favorite places in Vegas along the way.  We had our wedding in Vegas and arrived a week early, and decided this is the place we wanted to take our wedding party after the rehearsal dinner we liked it so much.This place is best described as a swanky sports bar.  They have pool, darts, shuffleboard and beer pong, and a great music selection.  To play the games, there is a $12/hr charge to rent the equipment, which is pretty awesome.  Considering that is the price of a drink in Vegas, it was nice to ensure we had the tables/dart boards to ourselves without other people moving in.  It seems to be pretty hard to find bars with darts and shuffleboard, so this place is definitely a step above any other sports bar in Vegas.Probably the best part of our experiences was the staff.  We had Chelsea and Michelle taking care of us the first night, and they were super nice, sweet and cool.  My wife and I chatted with them for a good part of our time there since it was fairly empty on an early afternoon, but they are a huge part of why we came back for the weekend.  They easily made our experience a memorable one, and we will surely be back to visit them on our next trip.I would recommend this place to anyone that is looking for a fun, chill place to spend some time in Vegas, especially if you can get these two to take care of you.
4	Good pricing, great chill atmosphere and super nice bartenders... Gotta say it was a good night capping place and an end to an epic day
2	Is it me or this place is always dead and the bartenders seem to hate you? Went here on a weekday night, friend had a Groupon. Eh, beer is beer and it tastes the same like any other beers. But the atmosphere is what you usually pay for. I'm sorry but is this somewhat of a frat house? Service is ok, looks like they're short staffed and our server barely checked on us.Bottom line...buy yourself chicken wings from a fast food drive thru and a six pack from a liquor store then you'll be good to go.
5	I went to Dirty Blondie's (DB's) last weekend (Friday) for a girls night out and we really had a great time.  They showcased the American Storm male review show for free with two drink purchase.  There were about 65 girls and a few men in the audience so it was an "intimate" setting for the wild and crazy performers. I'm gonna save the juicy details for my American Storm review but I have to say it was the perfect jump start to our night. After the show we heading upstairs where they had a DJ spinning, pool tables, ping pong, darts, and shuffle board.  There was a tour group of about 100 or so partying and playing games.  The decor was nice, nicer than I would of expected for a typical sports bar venue.  The place is huge too, way bigger than the original Blondies. I think I found a new hangout. We got tickets for the Super Bowl party this weekend at DB's too.  Go 49ers!
1	I don't know if we hit DB's on a bad night or what.  We went for Tuesday 25 cent drats of PBR and some beer bong to relive our college days.  Seeing how most of us just turned or were turning 30, we thought it would be a good throw back to our younger days.We got to DB's around 9, ordered our PBR and were promptly told that we needed to buy our $10 wristband to get all the PBR we wanted to drink.  We checked their specials menu, that still listed 25 cent PBR drafts on Tuesday... double-checked.  No one could give us an answer.  Making the best of the situation we decided to play some beer pong... also required your $10 wrist band PLUS $5 to play.  Granted, that's not a lot for Vegas, but you could easily go anywhere and get free decent beer playing 25 cent mechanical horses or something.Feeling a little turned off, we played some pool right by the table by the bathroom.  It REEKED of sewage and started to permeate the entire place.My buddy had some mozzarella sticks that weren't anything to write home about.  My wife had some soggy wings.  The live band was alright, but I couldn't hear the person next to me talking.After being there for two hours, we decided we given this place a try and sampled what they had to offer.  Based on the some of the reviews, others have had a decent and great experience.  So, like I said, we may have hit it on an off-night in the middle of the week, but the first impression is the one I'll remember.
2	If you look on the website (and their menus) it clearly states that Tuesday night is nickel PBR draft night.  I got there with friends and was told that the deal was actually $10 for all-you-can-drink PBR.  That's some nice false advertising.  You may think, "Well, you couldn't expect to really get PBR for a nickel, could you?  What is this, 1900?"  I could expect it.  It was on their menu and website.When we walked in around 9pm, no cover.  When a friend caught up with us around 9:45, he had to pay $5.  If you want to play beer pong or pool, that's about $5/10 more.    They just get you at every turn at this place.There was a live band that was EXTREMELY loud.  I could hardly hear anyone talk.  It hurt my ears and made the place a turn-off.  The only reason this place is saved from being a one-star review is because the beer was still pretty cheap.  The major annoyance was the inconsistent advertising/pricing.  They need to get their act together or they won't be around for long.
3	This place is def a step up from Blondies atmosphere wise, which is located in PH as well. It has 2 bars downstairs, & another 1 upstairs. They offer specials on various nights so check w/ them. They offer darts, shuffle board, beer pong, pool, & some video games. If all the beer pong tables are full request another one & they will bring out more tables. It's the cost of a pitcher & $5 setup to get started with beer pong. Shuffle board & pool are $12 an hour. The atmospher is def college style, although the staff, espeically the bartenders are not always in the best moods. Food is typical bar food & isn't bad. Ordered chicken fingers, quesdilla, 2 Blue Moons, & a pitcher & setup for beer pong, which came out to $60. That should give you a good idea of how much you may be spending when you go. They do have a dj from time to time, not sure what nights though. If you don't care about service & just wanna play games this is the spot to go to.
4	Taking my friends out for a night, we decided to park and just walk around the casinos.  We stumbled into this place while we waited for some more people and even though it wasnt a hip bar or a classy place, I loved it!  The DJ on Friday night was awesome. He played great music and if it was more of a dance place, I would have totally been on the dance floor!  If you are into beer pong, this is the place for you!!!!!!!  Lots of beer pong tables, pool tables and video games. The drinks were half the price then the other and the bartender made them nice and strong! My only complaint were the bathrooms were disgusting, I do not think they had been cleaned for a week!  Everything else was great!  Looking forward to going back!
1	I ordered a Grey Goose & Redbull & was charged $15 for a very small cup. That's ridiculous! For that place? I was charged cheaper @ Marquee & that place is a nightclub! I Do Not recommend this place at all!
3	Cool spot, beers are pricy they're just trying to get tourist.... If your in to self entertainment darts, pool, food balls ect, might be the spot for you. I dig it cause no gaming machines but $10 for a Blue Moon tall boy....
4	Wow. I know the huge sign out front says beer pong but LITERALLY never expected it  too be a mecca for beer pong fanatics. I kind of know the game but like too enjoy my beer and company so getting blitzed not for me. Thankfully hanging out with some friends from back in my days in Summit County, Colorado. We started out having dinner at Scarpetta and decided too keep the party going strong across the street. Quick tip too feel more safe walk through the shops because we walked around the corner past walgreens its dark just shady. Ok lesson learned. Mention before never heard of place devoted or been in bar that literally only reason too go is beer pong. Honest its well done set up for not only games but they do tournaments all the time I assume. We went there late on Thursday night they already had a tournament going with few teams. The have scored board up keeps track with team names, Dj playing music, and believe the one shouting out or kind of play by play of the tournament. The people that were playing were having blast that for sure. Not sure about the fees or anything because we were there too hang out keep the party going strong. We did go too the upstairs portion play some darts. Two dart boards that set up really nice almost professional style. The darts was close too good ones. Not the cheap plastic tips but metal although the feathers were cheap plastic ones. They cost $12 (we never had too leave ID) one time fee. It not that packed except for the beer pong going on downstairs so cool we hand whole level too ourselves. They have pool tables and some arcade games too on the same level. Two separate bar areas one downstairs and one between levels. The bartenders were really cool. Friendly. Sure this place that if going bar hopping on strip not looking spend big money in clubs. It had personality all its own. One that would come back! Just need too work on my beer pong game.Thankfully Shayda got the memo made sure the last place use the bathroom! Always useful reviews Shayda my friend!!!
2	Pricey drinks, went here part of club crawl. Free drink if you buy one first, part of crawl.
4	Go with a fun group of friends and you'll have a blast.  The place has high ceilings and the space wraps around 2 full bars so you are bound to bump into a bloke checking out your rack or your balls (hehe).  There's a beer pong table area, a lot of betting, some eye candy, mostly college pups and yuppies.  Pool table rates are cheap, food a bit pricey but very good, they have a 6-8pm happy hour and the service is slow but excellent.  No smoking in this joint, so bring the vape.
3	Well if I was in college this place prob would get 4 or 5 stars, but I'm not.Met some colleagues for lunch and sat in a booth. The staff are really nice and good came out quickly.We order an half cheese half pepperoni pizza. The pizza was overly cheesy and super oily. By far not the best pizza out there, but not the worst.The ambiance is best for college/late twenties. Drinking games, darts, pool, ping pong. They do have plenty of space and separate rooms for some of these games so it is not cramped. Plenty of tv's and even a stage All in all, if this was 5 years ago I probably would run wild in here, 4 stars min, maybe 5, but now, I would not go there on purpose.  Not my vibe - but for their target audience they do it very well, so I will give them props for that.
2	Three of us visited DB's on a Tuesday afternoon. I get that is not optimum prime-time but we wanted to play some pong and remembered there were a couple places to do so on the strip.Kinda tough to find, this place is tucked away in the shops by Planet Hollywood Casino. It was pretty dead (expected for the time) and our bartender was ok though I could tell she was annoyed by the prospect of customers during the afternoon. We got cups & balls ($5) and a pitcher of their beer special, Sierra Nevada ($12 -- nice price!). Pitchers range from $10-$17.There are about 6 or 7 tables inside and they are all pretty beat up. Most were kinda sticky-dirty and could have used a wipe-down. I was pretty grossed out anytime the ball went on the floor since it was so filthy. Our pong water cups were yellowish-brown in no time. The bathrooms were atrocious. Out of TP in all but 1 stall, no soap AT ALL and just overall grody. If you aren't refilling soap and TP during the dead afternoon hours, then when are you?!We stuck around for a couple games and bounced. Besides the decent price for the pitcher compared to beer prices on the rest of the strip, there was nothing here I was into.
1	I want to call this the biggest POS bar in Vegas, but for some reason I think there might be a winner elsewhere. Regardless, DB's is on the list of places NOT to visit while in town. Even the cheap drinks can't save this sinking ship. Why is it so bad? I'll list this out (it's Monday)...-The place looks like the last time it was cleaned was in 1941. The floors, the walls, the stage, the ripped furniture, blech. -The internet jukebox... broken-The tunes playing.... awful-The ping pong room... sound broken-The ping pong room... broken paddles-The ping pong room... terrible lighting-The ping pong room... a ton of furniture around for the ball to hide under-The crowd... What crowd? It was dead-The TV's... no sound and playing a 'classic' college game when there were at least 10 Top 25 teams on-The beer pong area... dirtyWord is there is food here, but we weren't brave enough to try it. The whole experience felt really awkward and I was kinda embarrassed that I brought friends from out of town here. Skip!
1	Walked in.....4 people. No thanks. Beer pong? Yeah, if you like limp tables and rolling rock.
1	db's used to be my favorite spot in town after my last experience I will never do business with them again. they scammed me on there special showed my local id charged me full price the bartender was rude told my gratuity is not included. hope y'all go out of business fuckers
1	Not worth the 70 steps off the strip..... It sucks
4	Great place for beer pong before, during, or even after your Vegas shenanigans! This is a great place to hang out with friends for awhile and chill. Don't expect anything fancy. I would not call this a dive bar, but it is not your typical glitzy Vegas bar. You come here to have fun and play beer pong or pool. Pitcher of beer for beer pong is about $12-$15. Cups and ball for pong are not too expensive. If you want to re-live your college years, here is the place!Bathrooms are a bit dirty, and I haven't tried the food, but this is a solid place for pong and pool.
3	Best spot for beer pong and hanging out.  Kind of reminds me of a college bar.  Usually always empty, so better to bring a big group to start the fun.  Honestly, after O'sheas got knocked down this place is the only spot to go for BP.
1	So I don't really know how to describe this place other than a sad state of affairs.There's a gogo dancer on the TV screen and she's got a bulge in her crotch area. This place is absolutely dead on Tuesdays, a selling point for those looking for a fun night. It's midnight and I've seen the giant emcee more than any girls.Played beer pong and our ball hit the floor. No water cups, and not to worry the gentleman cleaning the floor in his chemical soaked gloves picked up our ball. Thanks, I guess. To the trash that ball went.The saving grace was the bartender. Easily the best looking girl in the place. Outside of her pouring my drinks, I can't find a reason to return again.Wednesdays are wet T-shirt contest nights and if tonight is any indication of what goes down on Wednesdays, save your time and go to a club or lounge elsewhere.DUMP
1	If I could give zero stars I would!My husband and I went to this place to play some shuffleboard or pool and was totally disappointed. There were no pool tables! There was one shuffleboard, two dart boards and a few beer pong tables. I'm not sure how anyone could even see to play any games at all though since there was no lighting. The atmosphere was confusing, is it a sports bar or a nightclub? They had a terrible DJ who couldn't mix at all and played crappy 80s music and OLD 90s songs and the music was way too loud! The girls bathroom was gross. The bar was dead, and only reason they get people in there is with their $30 all you can drink beer and well drinks, but the well drinks are so low shelf I couldn't even stomach it.
1	Holy Crap this place is heinous.  Its really hard to find from the miracle miles shops, its hidden at the end of a long hallway.  I didn't order food so I can't comment on that but I can say that based on the cleanliness of the bar in general I wouldn't want to.  Literally and I mean literally every surface of this establishment is sticky and I was there at 12 pm so its not like people had been there all day making a mess of the place.  Half the lights in the womens bathroom were either not on or burned out, there was dried blood droplets on the floor, and there was a small bag with sketchy looking pills in my stall.  WTF is anyone in charge of cleaning this place??  I had a bloody mary that tasted like V8 and a shot of vodka- no olive, no spice, no garlic, no celery I could have made a better drink at home.  They have Sierra Nevada for 12$ a pitcher which in my opinion is the best deal but if you can AVOID DB'S PONG AND POOL
