5	As the 48th State to join the Union, the landscape of this great land is varied and beautiful. I'm not sure if this location is the center of Arizona but I can say its capitol Phoenix, and its surrounding metropolitan area is spread out and each city has its own identity. The scenery is awe inspiring and at times almost surreal, from the out of the world scenes of monument valley in northeastern Arizona, the snowcapped San Francisco peaks of Flagstaff, the greatness of the Grand Canyon, the bright color hues of the red rocks of Sedona, the pines of the Mogollon Rim to the majesty of the vast Sonoran Desert, this state is a true artistic representation of how beautiful our land can be. Its capitol Phoenix is not too shabby either with its great freeway system, it's grid like planning, and picturesque views with the landmark Camelback Mountain in its center, the red lights of South Mountain and the largest public park to the iconic "A" Mountain of Arizona State University, the metro Phoenix is truly a Queen of the desert. Overall I'm proud to be a resident of this great state, and despite its current trials, and tribulations, the celebrations we do enjoy and love, I affectionately call myself a Zonie, and love my home. =)
5	An Ode to Arizona: A Rendition from the Wizard of AZScorpions, and rattlesnakes, and Bearizona.  Oh, my.Buttes, and washes, and Valley Fever.  Oh, my.Monsoons, and forest fires set by humans, and haboobs.  Oh, my.The Stupid Motorist Law, and half day kindergarten, and SB1070.  Oh, my.Lumberjacks, and Wildcats, and Sun Devils.  Oh, my.More drones, and minute men, and a tall fence.  Really?The state animal is the Cactus Wren, and the state rock is petrified wood, and the state gun is the Colt Single Action Army revolver.  There's a state gun?Hoover Dam, and Lowell Observatory, and Air Force Facility Missile Site 8.  Tombstone, and Route 66, and the Grand Canyon.  Goldfield Ghost Town, and Rawhide, and the O.K. Corral.  Petrified Forest National Park, and Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument, and Montezuma Castle National Monument.  Slide Rock State Park, and Fool Hollow Lake Recreation Area, and Dead Horse Ranch State Park.  Oh, yeah.Casablanca, and Three Amigos, and Wild Wild West, and Easy Rider, and Forrest Gump, and two Star Treks, and Natural Born Killers, and Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.  Oh, boy.I wouldn't live anywhere else.
4	You Know You're In Arizona When ....You think Taco Bell is the local phone company. You notice your car overheating before you drive it. You no longer associate bridges or rivers with water. You can hear the weather forecast of 115 degrees without flinching. You can be in the snow, then drive for an hour...and it will be over 100 degrees. You discover, in July it only takes two fingers to drive your car, because your steering wheel is so hot. The best parking is determined by shade.....not distance.  You run your air conditioner in the middle of winter so you can use your fireplace. You realize that "Valley Fever" isn't a disco dance. You can make sun tea instantly. Hotter water comes from the cold water tap than the hot one. It's noon in July, kids are on summer vacation and yet all the streets are totally empty of both cars and people. You actually burn your hand opening the car door. Sunscreen is sold year round and kept right at the checkout counter. You put on fresh sunscreen just to go check the mail box. Some fools will market mini-misters for joggers and some other fools will actually buy them. Worse.....some fools actually try to jog. You can pronounce Saguaro, Tempe, San Xavier, Canyon de Chelly, Mogollon Rim, and Cholla. You can understand the reason for a town named "Why" You can fry an egg on the hood of a car in the morning. You know hot air balloons can't rise because the air temperature is hotter than the air inside the balloon. No one would dream of putting vinyl inside a car. You see two trees fighting over a dog. You can say "Hohokam" and people don't think you're laughing funny.You see more irrigation water on the street than there is in the Salt River You have to go to a fake beach for some fake wavesYou hear people say "but it's a dry heat!" You buy salsa by the gallon. Your Christmas decorations include sand and l00 paper bags. You think a red light is merely a suggestion. All of your out-of-state friends start to visit after October but clear out come the end of April. You think someone driving wearing oven mitts is clever. Most of the restaurants in town have the first name "El" or "Los." You think 60 tons of crushed red rock makes a beautiful yard. Your house is made of stucco and has a red clay tile roof. Vehicles with open windows have the right-of-way in the summer. Most homes have more firearms than people. Kids ask, "What's a mosquito?" People who have black cars or black upholstery in their car are automatically assumed to be from out of-state or nuts. You know better than to get into a car with leather seats if you're wearing shorts. If you haven't worked for Motorola at some time, you must be a newcomer. You can finish a Big Gulp in 10 minutes and go back for seconds. You know a swamp cooler is not a happy hour drink.You actually get these jokes and pass them on to other friends from Arizona.You take rain dances seriously. You've signed so many petitions to recall governors you can't remember the name of the incumbent.When a rainy day puts you in a good mood. When you drive two miles around a parking lot looking for a shady place - even in the dead of winter. You feed your chickens ice cubes to keep them from laying hard-boiled eggs. You "hug" a cactus only once in your lifetime.  When you have to look up "mass transit" in the dictionary.A hundred ten in the shade is sorta hot, but you don't have to shovel it off your driveway. You wear a bola tie.You take a stroll on Ho Hum Way.The beer is chilled and filled with chili.A haboob happens.Petrified doesn't mean scared.Standin' on the corner sounds good.The temperature drops below 95 and you feel a bit chilly. You've experienced condensation on your butt from the hot water in the toilet bowl. You would give anything to be able to splash cold water on your face. You can attend any function wearing shorts and a tank top. You realize that asphalt has a liquid state.Compiled and edited by Kathy WeiserLegends of America
5	I've been here my whole life, and I've never had an experience as great as this. From the one forest to the low hot desert Arizona is the place to be. I live in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and love it, what I like to say is you get 3 months of hell and 6 months of heaven. But the shopping, food, culture, and beautiful desert landscaping really draw you in and make you feel relaxed, and special in your own way :-)
5	I moved here from Chicago in '02. It took me awhile to get used to how different this desert city is compared to the good ol Midwest, but after I settled in, I've never regretted it! I love AZ!  I cannot believe how many things there are to do here! Even water sports! I love our climate- summer is hot but it only sucks for a couple months. I think it's really fun that you have to dig and research for our gems. I discover new places to try, visit, eat, etc all the time and I feel I could stay here forever and never get bored. My heart is definitely here!
3	I will feature the State I've called home for the past few years for my 1900th review.  Here's a breakdown of this State:Pro's+ Warm weather.  The Southern part of the State is warm for the majority of the year...sure beats shoveling snow and wearing layers of clothing.+ Sports.  There are a ton of sports in this State.....college, pro's (NFL, MLB, NBA, WNBA, NHL, Arena Football), Fiesta Bowl, Phoenix Open (golf), Spring Training Cactus League.+ Scottsdale.  I love living in this city.  It's safe and fun.  A great place to raise a family.+ They have frequent gun shows.  It seems like there's one every month.  The gun laws here are not very strict and gun enthusiasts are everywhere.  I've come to appreciate guns a lot since I've moved here.+ Hiking options.  There are a lot of hiking trails in the State with a nice variety of landscape.  From mountains and pine trees to dry Sonoran Desert dirt and Saguaro cacti, there's something for everyone here.+ Western lifestyle.  There are some places in Arizona where you feel like you're in the Wild West.Con's- State Income Tax.  Coming from a state that had no state income tax, it's hard to swallow the fact that we have to pay a % of our income to the State.- Politics.  There's so much politics here and it carries over into everyday life.- Drivers.  The drivers here in Arizona are baffling.  They slow down BELOW the speed limit for no reason on the highways.  People rubberneck over the dumbest things.....cars pulled over on the shoulder, cops on the side of the road, curves in the freeway.- Slow life.  Stores, restaurants, bars close early here.....yawn.  I get bored very easily out here.- Lack of good Asian food.  Can't find very many good Pho or Ramen places.Overall, it's not too bad a place to live.  I've lived in more exciting places, but it could be worse.  It's definitely worth visiting if you've never been here before.
5	Just got back from a roadtrip through the state of Arizona. It is truly a beautiful state with lots to do and see and you're actually pretty close to neat things in other states. I stayed mostly near flagstaff and saw the ski resort. I'm from Louisiana so I don't see snow often and loved it. It was beautiful. I will say if you aren't used to high altitudes, be careful trekking up to snowbowl road. It's at nearly 10,000 ft elevation and within about 30 minutes I was feeling light headed. I also saw the Grand Canyon and man is it beautiful. All in all, if you're thinking of taking a vacation out west I highly suggest Arizona. You won't be disappointed.
