5	I was looking for an organization that I could volunteer some time weekly and be apart of something that I was passionate about. Project C.U.R.E fits the bill.  They provide medical supplies to communities and countries who do not have the means.  Right from the start when I set up my orientation meeting was I pleasantly surprised by the organization and amazingly nice and welcoming staff.  Orientation consisted of meeting the available staff, history on the origins of Project C.U.R.E as well as duties available. Located in a big warehouse, you spend time sorting medical supplies or loading into containers or even driving to pick up these supplies.  The atmosphere is really nice and all staff is more than willing to help.Not only is this a GREAT organization but also well staffed and represented. I look forward to my time with them for years to come.
1	I assume Project Cure does good work and helps many needy people/countries.  But I gotta tell you that I am very disappointed in them.  I have tried calling them and emailing them on over five occasions now and nobody will answer my calls or emails.  I have thousands of dollars of new/unopened consumable medical supplies, and thousands of dollars of medical equipment and medicines and vitamins still with the safety seals intact.  I wanted to donate them to them, but I guess they are not interested.  I contacted St. Vincent de Paul's medical services clinic and they responded immediately saying that they wanted everything I have.
5	Project C.U.R.E. is a wonderful organization that helps distribute medical supplies and equipment to developing countries. I had the opportunity to volunteer there on a recent Saturday and I hope to make it down again soon.Housed in a nondescript warehouse space (donated by Microchip Technology) in a Tempe industrial park, Project C.U.R.E. sorts, cleans, repairs, and packages equipment and supplies that get shipped to clinics all over the world. They are a volunteer organization. I went as part of a high school group with my son. We were given a brief tour and then the group was given the task to sort supplies that had just been donated by a local hospital. Because I have a technical background and an affinity for tinkering, I volunteered in the biotech area, where medical equipment is tested and repaired. Working with a couple of ASU biotech engineering majors, I helped test, repair, clean and package x-ray viewing boxes. A couple of girls next to us were repairing an oxygen machine, and another group of guys were fixing an overhead crane light unit. It was really great to see how equipment that most US hospitals and clinics would typically discard could be refurbished to help people in need.All in all, it was a tremendously rewarding experience. If you are looking for an opportunity to help a worthwhile organization, then here are a few tips:1. Go to their website at www.projectcure.org. You can learn more about them and register as a volunteer.2. Sign up and show up - They have volunteers come in Saturday morning from 9am-noon. There may be other times as well. Check the website.3. Dress comfortably. The sorting room and biotech room are air-conditioned. The warehouse is not. Bring water.TIP: It's a little tricky getting there if you use GPS. Look for building T3. You can see it from the street. It is a Microchip Technology building.
