1	I walked in here to see a poor dog tied onto a treadmill with a leash and two ropes around its neck. The dog kept trying to stop walking and would get its neck jerked forward by the ropes and the people kept trying to make it walk. The poor thing looked traumatized, and it wasn't even overweight so it didn't need the exercise. Hardly seems like humane treatment to me. They don't call this place a rescue because they rescue animals, it's because the animals need to be rescued from them.
5	I love the Pawtique. It is such a great model, to have rescue animals available for adoption instead of pet stores peddling puppy mill dogs. For people who don't know about adoption and rescue, it's a fantastic resource.The Pawtique is really clean. There are great volunteers who are helpful and friendly. And lots of really sweet cats, dogs, puppies and kittens. Plus they have some beds, clothing and other accessories for pets.I read the negative comment about the treadmill. No offense, but it's clearly from someone who has no experience with training a dog to use a treadmill. Which is ok to not have experience, but not ok to make snap judgements without the experience.  First of all, all dogs, just like people, need exercise to be healthy. It's not just for overweight animals (though it is a great option for that). We have a boxer bulldog mix that is a rescue and for her first two years was extremely high energy. She was/is in great physical shape.  But without an outlet for her energy, she was destructive in the house (digging up plants, chewing things in and out of the house from electrical cords to furniture, clothing and papers).  This is another reason that many dogs NEED exercise.My husband and I run with her, but during the summer, especially since she has a snub nose, it's just far too hot for her to run outside. So we trained her to use a dog-specific treadmill. It is a process to train them. They are usually scared or uncomfortable with it at first, and you do a lot of short duration trials using treats as motivation. Some dogs take to it better than others, our corgi took to it straight away and loved it. They would have been doing a demonstration at the Pawtique for educational purposes to help people who were interested in this option and show how it's done. Which is really useful for people. Sadly, I think this girl missed the point and instead of engaging with them and asking questions, she made a snap judgement about what she was looking at. I know the staff and volunteers there have always been very open with me and my questions, so I hope that in the future people will ask questions.Anyway, it's a great place. I'd LOVE to see this model adopted elsewhere (heck, everywhere!!) to put an end to puppy mills and encourage more people to adopt, which saves lives. Visit Pawtique if you haven't!
4	Any pet store that shows rescued dogs and cats for adoption rather than dogs from puppy mills gets a thumbs up from me! Since the store is in the mall, there is limited space for larger dogs. There is a very tiny selection of toys, beds, and other dog and cat supplies. The kennels the dogs and cats stay in looked well maintained, and the volunteers here were nice and friendly.
4	I was really happy to find a pet rescue instead of a puppy mill pet store!!! great staff and products as well as loving pets waiting for a new home!!
5	I am ecstatic that Westcor malls is getting rid of the pet stores and letting shelters use them! I have adopted a dog from Pawtique recently and I love him! He is a great dog and so sweet. I can't believe if this rescue hadn't saved him from the pound that he would be dead right now. These kind of rescues are what is saving the lives of so many animals. I also read the negative treadmill comment and that is just ignorant. These poor dogs are spending so much time in kennels that time on the treadmill isn't just for weight loss- it's to keep their minds engaged too. I have used a treadmill for one of m dogs as well. And like most new things- dogs need to be trained on them and sometimes are scared at first. My dogs were all scared to use the dog door at first but that doesn't make it a mean thing to have them use. And now they love it.the pawtique is also mostly volunteer run, so I like that the money spent there goes to the care of the animals.
1	Dog was going crazy and me and my boy were blamed, when I tried to explain I was then told I was at fault by the manager even though we were behind the barrier they put up.  My boy wasn't doing anything but looking at the dogs.  I understand they are concerned about the animals first as they should be but because of the way an animal was acting we we're not welcome.
