5	Spacious, beautifully designed, and meticulous when it comes to their coffee (sorry, haven't tried any of their other beverage offerings yet).  Montreal's latest new-school coffee house is a winner and it's destined to become another hot spot for the caffeinated set.  Le Couteau has an espresso bar, of course, but they're among those that are placing a new emphasis on one-cup-at-a-time drip (right on!).  At the moment, their beans appear to be exclusively of the 49th Parallel variety.Not sure what the significance of the name is, but I sure like their business cards.Long live the Third Wave!
4	Yum
5	I think I've found my new 'spot'...even if I DO have to take the metro to get here in the morning.  Some people just know how to do coffee right!
5	One of the best cafes in Montreal, very friendly and bilingual staff. The staff are very approachable and the owner is a real stickler for quality (that's a very good thing). Every time a sub-par shot is pulled and he notices it, he dumps it. He constantly checks indoor temperature and humidity and how it's affecting the coffee. There is no other place I've been to in Montreal with this kind of consistent and meticulous attention to detail. I am very serious about my espresso, and Le Couteau is the only place I trust to get it right every time.The interior is also great, spacious, clean and simple. Great terrace out front and easy to find parking outside. I go 8km out of my way every time I get a strong espresso itch (otherwise I settle for Myriade for convenience).One knock against Le Couteau is I have had 2 and only 2 sub par shots there, both times made by baristas I'd never seen there before so I'll attribute those to inexperience and let it go.I'd give it 4.5 stars for the last tiny issue but the Yelp iPhone app doesn't allow half stars so I rounded it up!P.S. this place is not over priced, for the sheer quality and attention to detail, it is worth the cost of round trip gas and parking just for one espresso. Their prices never felt expensive to begin with, if they cost more than anywhere else I've never noticed.
5	Latte comes in one size with two shots of the 49th Parallel espresso. It was deep and rich and yummilicious! They don't steam milk until hot: appropriately low temperature of steamed milk makes one good latte, according to a member of the staff - I happened to have a relatively very hot latte yesterday from a well-known cafe (my favorite barista doesn't work on weekends), and they were right!: the hot latte had not much flavor but the slight bitterness from espresso. Yet, suit yourself, you can always order "extra hot" latte at La Couteau.
5	What can I say, a perfect lovely spot with perfect coffee. I was walking past it with a friend and she told me after that just as she was about to say "Damn I need another coffee and we're in a coffee wasteland" I said: "Couteau?" Upon sipping the lovely latte and seeing my solo batch filter coffee get made to perfection with a smile and a laugh and fresh ground daily grains en vedette she immediately considered texting nearby friends in need of caffeination information... but then thought better of it and for that moment at least we kept the sweet sipping secret to ourselves... Spotted: super social media guru, breathing in deeply, agreeing with me at the counter that this is in fact a version of heaven...
5	Terrific. Friendly staff, very serious about coffee technique.
3	These guys take their coffee seriously, but I wasn't digging the vibe - I prefer a cafe that's a bit more chilled, where I can read or work for a while, but the seats and layout here is more for a quick coffee or chat than settling in. They make really good coffee, don't get me wrong. Their pastry selection was good too, so if you're after your coffee + sweets fix, and in the neighbourhood, do it.
5	Yelp, you have found me another oasis in this city, a place that I'm eager to call my very own shrine to caffeination. I'd passed Le Couteau a few times without giving it a second thought, but after seeing the lovely Risa D.'s enthusiastic review, I knew I had to give it a try. And I'm eternally thankful.First, it's a beautiful spot. I tucked in here at 4pm on a Monday, and the joint was hopping, in a serene, MacBook-Pro-filled way. Every seat was taken save one on a communal bench, and even then it was a squeeze. But it was a sun-filled, warm hardwood furniture, stainless steel and clean white wall kind of squeeze. The ambiance was just what I was looking for: not so cozy as to fall asleep and get no work done, not so clinical as to feel cold and uncomfortable, just the right mix.I ordered the latte and was caught off-guard that the price was over $5, as others have mentioned, but it was a superb latte. And really, the difference between shelling out $3.50 and $5 is not that much when it comes to the end of the day. I came here after getting a famous $7 haircut at Tornade a few doors down, so I feel like I broke even for the day, or even came out ahead. Le Couteau is in sort of a dead zone between Laurier and Mont-Royal metros, but is a worthwhile destination in and of itself. I may need to start setting aside money specifically for this, because I absolutely want to come here more often than just when I get a haircut.
5	One of my favorite things about this place is how perfectly it is laid out for either doing work or sitting and chatting or knitting, or reading a novel, or having a meeting. Whatever. There are a few large, solid work tables with benches that totally give you the feeling of getting down to serious business. On a weekday morning, you'll likely find those full of industrious folks getting caffeinated and typing away busily. That's where I usually find myself. But you'll also notice lower tables and benches with window seats (lovely) in the light, airy, open mainspace. There's also a cute little nook that is more shadowy. There are also bar height seats toward the back. I know it seems weird to say, but the varying structures and tones of hangout space is so aesthetically pleasing. I've always been one to vastly prefer the whimsical, colorful, flea market, repurposed wood, low lit decorations that usually adorn independent coffeehouses, but the clean, fresh, white interior of this place makes my insides sigh with something that may be kin to relief?Okay, on to the main stuff. Coffee is fabulous. I'm not crazy about the $.75 charge on soy (I mean, what is this, the early 2000's?) but that's my only complaint. It is well worth shelling out the bucks for a latte. The main treat is the croissants. Seriously. Eat one of their chocolatines and tell me if you're not instantly having the best day ever. Reliable free wireless. Nice staff and good service. Outdoor seating (which, you know, one day will be useful again...) Clean restrooms. Good music. Pretty much all you need for a perfect coffeeshop outing.
1	Very expensive price to pay for a cup of burnt coffee. Decor along the usual hipster cafe vibe.
5	there's really nothing for me to say. its been already said. my cappuccino was one velvety heavenly coffee! a slight perceptible bitterness but no after taste nor anything too strong so your face won't do its best grimace impression.place is spaciously clean but it lacks personality. there's no charm to it. its pretty boring. but to go is there for a reason.its about $1 pricier but hey, it is what it is.and very clean toilet! there's even a bench to sit on by the toilet in case there's a lineup..did i say the coffee is criminally smooth? michael jackson would be proud!
