5	Great, great sandwiches!
4	Since Jimmy John's has opened two stores here in the north Scottsdale valley, this is my review from their Scottsdale Road/ Hayden Greenway location."One of the things I miss from the Midwest is the choices available in gourmet sandwich shops. I've always thought there must be something in the water, but after reading the business section for many years you realize that the old adage about selling something in Peoria, IL is correct. Can you say test market? The greater Chicagoland area had Jimmy John's, Jersey Mikes, Pot Bellies, Quizno's, et cetera over ten years ago. But, if you wait long enough sometimes things come to you. Jimmy's John's for the most part is a college sub shop (started many years ago in Elgin).  Which makes sense, because if you wanted one of their subs up until now you needed to drive down to Tempe and ASU.  But, that doesn't mean they're making poor quality subs -- they're actually making GREAT subs!Their sandwiches are fresh, they use quality meats and seem to have learned the art of self-humor in their marketing: "Subs so fast, you'll freak!"  They actually merchandise this stuff!  Also, when you go, make sure you read their signage on the walls.   It's really very funny.Great, great sandwiches -- Enjoy!Now, all I need to do is wait a little longer for Pot Belly and Lou Malnati's to come to the Valley!  Hum, anyone want to take the over/under bet of 5 years? "
3	This is a good, solid sandwich spot.They have a menu of several interesting sandwiches to choose from.  I like that the subs are the same 8" size and the same French bread.  Not as many decisions to make that way.I had the Vito which is basically an Italian sub. Salami, capicola, provolone, etc.  They make their own bread which is nice because it's not too thick or puffed up with air like Subway.My sandwich, chips and drink cost less than $7.50 total which is a good value.My only complaint is the iced tea.  You have to get it from the soda fountain.  Not so good.  I'd like to see something like China Mist as an option.I'm not sure where the other five star reviews are coming from.  Must be strictly nostalgia from the good old days in Illinois?I give them a 3 or 3 1/2 rating overall.
5	I love Jimmy Johns.  It is WAY better than Subway.  The bread is what makes it.  They bake their own bread right in the store and then right before they make your sandwich, they pluck out the middle of the bread to fill your sandwich with goodness.  You choose your sandwiches by number, but you can customize any sandwich.  I usually get the #4 which is a Tom Turkey.  It has turkey, lettuce, tomato, lettuce and sprouts on it.  I like their chips too.  They call them Jimmy Chips.  They are the kettle cooked type.  I personally do not think this is your ordinary sandwich.  The combination of bread and ingredients makes it a great sandwich and they are fast to prepare.
4	Even though there are only two things on the menu that I can eat, they're damned tasty and the service is incredibly fast.  I am a bit surprised by all the five stars though, you people do realize that this is just a chain sandwich joint, right?
2	I couldn't believe my eyes witnessing the long line of customers being milled through their doors. For a sub/hoagie with such bland and tastelessness being commercialized on as "Gourmet Sandwiches that's mother approved" ...GIVE ME A FRIGGIN BREAK. As a foodie, I want flavor NOT cafeteria lunch line food. The people giving this 'stuff' 4 and 5 stars are the ones buying into these franchises... yelpers steer clear, do your research for original and unique before you're separated from your money.
4	How it's happened that I've heard about Jimmy John's over and over again and am just now actually experiencing it, is beyond me. However, I like to say that sometimes it's better late than never and although I'm late to Jimmy's game, I'm glad I showed up before it was too late. Jimmy John's is a great lunch option when hungry for a sandwich that's fresh and I would believe, not incredibly fatty. It's not the place I would choose for a leisurely lunch, but it is a place I would choose for a decent sandwich while I'm on the go. I enjoyed reading the different sandwich names and opted for the beach sandwich. I like to take advantage of anything beach-related so that I can pretend I'm on a little vacation in the middle of the day. The sandwich was on a white roll with turkey, avocado spread, lettuce, tomato, provolone and mayo. I went mayo-less and added mustard instead. The sandwich was filling but didn't stuff me and it didn't make me slip into a food coma. Sadly there isn't a Jimmy John's that's incredibly close to me, so I will just have to wait until the next time I'm in a Jimmy John area. Unless they in fact would like to move into the Old Town neighborhood. We could use one!
4	All the buzz is accurate... this is the best chain sub-shop I have ever been to.  It shames places like Subway and Quiznos.  Great freshly-baked bread and just better overall ingredients.
4	I found another Jimmy John's in the area.....I'm addicted to their Subs....sooo good.  Of course, I order my usual #9 Italian Club w/Hot Peppers, $5.50.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UdoRqx5AYhhGBH9GGtUZ7w?select=ym9uaNFNqiVqdTUFGht8swhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UdoRqx5AYhhGBH9GGtUZ7w?select=cnXDJkcZ2-4ikvr3W-lHOQThis place is as fast and consistent with the quality of their Sandwiches as any other location.  I like how it's right off the 101 and Raintree, very easy to get to.  I'll be back soon.Return Factor - 90%
2	So... I will preface my review by saying that I like Jimmy John's sandwiches. I think they are a great value... product vs. price. They are generally fresh, tasty, and about $5.50 for a decent sandwich. That being said... For this particular location....Last night (Sunday evening) I went online and placed an order for two sandwiches... the online process is very smooth and intuitive. I paid online as well, and as it turns out, I fortunately printed and took my receipt. I drove to the store and walked in.That's where it ALL WENT DOWN HILL!!! They had the music SO FRIGGING LOUD it hurt my ears to listen to it. And it was that crappy heavy head banging acid rock that always sounds like people are screaming incoherently with the mike shoved half way down their throat.Then... as I struggled to converse with the "kid" (literally) at the register... he could not find any reference of my online order. Nor could several other "kids" who worked their this Sunday evening.  This was supposed to have been "ready for me to pickup". Finally a manager came over and apologized and found the order in the system. Thankfully Jimmy John's prides itself on making the sandwiches fast... but I couldn't even hear them calling my name when they were ready. Hopefully someone from corporate will read this review and act upon it. Defiantly not a satisfying experience.
4	I am a fan, and I will be back. Not sure why I waited so long to try it in the first place. I'll take this over Subway and Quiznos any time. Employees here seem to be overly happy. Hmmm... very suspicious.
4	I'm a huge fan of the food but make sure you get it delivered, as long as you're in their area.  I've only gone to the store 1 time and that will never happen again.  It was loud and the space was a little small for all the bodies they had in there.
3	Sandwiches are great at decent prices...Good food and everything; it's the atmosphere that needs some work. I walked in and first noticed the extremely loud heavy metal music blasting. Then I noticed all the employees were teenagers...They screwed up our order and gave us 3 sandwiches when we ordered 4. One of us went hungry because the employees didn't take the time to realize that we ordered a fourth sandwich. Yikes.
5	LOVE  Jimmy John's nuff said
4	Do you ever feel as though you' ve been red-carded by life itself?Sitting it out on the sidelines in some metaphorical penalty box until the economy recovers?I do.Wall Street I hate you.You stole my money and investments, leaving me to subsist on sandwiches and cheap Mexican instead of steak and halibut. But I'm a trooper. Making the best of a bad sitch. Adapting. Becoming one with the ninety-nine percenters, after my one percent fall from grace.Jimmy Johns is a big part of my 'penalty-box' plan until my next ship comes in. The Italian and the tuna are all I ever order. Both delish.Their bread is thin, without all that crumb....great if you're counting carbs.Unfortunately, that's all I've got left to count these days.Fuck you Wall Street. Sorry, I didn't mean to curse. Yeah, no...I did. Fuck you again Wall Street!!!
1	I don't get it, I don't get it at all.  The hype over this place leaves me scratching my head.  The first time I went here, I thought the kids who worked there were super rude, and the sandwich was no better than a subway.  I decided to give this place a second try today.  My mistake.  The sandwich had zero taste, the bread was super dry, and the kid at the front was more interested in drinking his soda and going on break, than waiting on me. I wouldn't waste a dime or another minute on this place.
4	Good sandwiches, decent price, fresh ingredients all a bonus.Service by young kids/teenagers is hit and miss but as to be expected and its a quick ordering process so it's not that painstaking.  They are generous with the ingredients and will make it to order and I like that you can get it "unwich" without the bread, wrapped in lettuce, for the low carb enthusiasts out there.$5.50 gets you a sandwich in record breaking time, made to order with fresh ingredients, oh and they deliver too.
2	Food was great! Its to bad the girl taken my order wasn't. She was annoyed when asked the price difference between a meal and just getting A sandwich. God forbid she had to use her brain to do some math.
4	Fast delicious sandwhiches with kettle chips and laid back atmosphere. French bread is great. Can't eat at Subway with Jimmy Johns around.
1	Walked into Jimmy John's at 6pm on 10/31 to see a man with a large dog waiting for food at the pickup end of the counter. The dog was not a seeing eye dog, or one in training. Dog had its front feet up on the counter, and the people behind the counter were talking to the dog. Pretty disgusting for food being prepared 1 or 2 feet away. No thanks.
2	The day that I went to eat here it was almost 2 in the afternoon and the place was dirty. There were 2 of us here and 7 employees and just about every table was dirty. I decided to ask for some napkins and cleaned my own table.  Once I got my sandwich I thought it was ok. I don't think I'll be back.  I remember Jimmy Johns from Illinois State University but this is definitely not the Jimmy Johns of ISU!
4	Probably order from this place once a month. Really good sandwhiches but I wish their website worked more smoothly. Sometimes I can order online, sometimes their servers are down. Not cool.
2	NEVER AGAIN. So I was here the other day and I ordered a sandwich that had two different kinds of meat on it (#5 Vito). Instead of salami, I wanted turkey. Pretty simple right? Take one meat away and add a different one. When she told me the total it seemed about $2 too high. When I looked at the reciept I noticed they charged me $2 for the turkey? Wait...I took one meat away and subbed turkey...there's a charge for that?!?! Apparently so. I'm not sure I understand the philosphoy behind this, but I don't agree with it and I'll never eat there again. Only makes sense that if you take one meat away you should be able to sub another for no additional charge.I was told that their sandwiches are made a certain way to assure speed and accuracy. Does reaching down into the turkey bin instead of the salami bin really affect speed that much? Come on!
3	I get food delivered from this location often, they're fast and the order is usually right. However, last time my dill pickle leaked and somehow managed to soak my sandwich. The bread was soggy and impossible to eat. I meantioned something to the driver about pickle juice dripping from the bag, he said "oh it must just be a juicy pickle" and left =\They're the best option I have for a sandwich delivered quickly (without a minimum order) so I'll continue to have lunch here. I just wish they were more professional.
4	What can I say? It's fresh, it's delicious and it's cheap. I love the convenience of being able to order in-home delivery too. They're also very quick. I usually get the #8, Italian sub. It's pretty gigantic, (you can save half for a second lunch later).
4	$1 subs on customer appreciation day once a year. It's a great deal! There are usually a lot of people in line but JJ prepares for that and you get in and out in about 15 minutes or less. That's pretty good when there are 30 orders in front of you.I usually get the Vito because I like salami and the Italian meats. The taste of the subs have a little more flavor than Subway. Of course, you don't get to choose your veggies to put on there, but it tastes good and the service is super fast.The chips aren't bad either. They have a good selection. Overall, if you are willing to pay a little more, this could be the place for you. Actually, it's probably the same price as Subway if you don't get Subway's $5 footlong deal. So either way, it just depends on what you like. But I can say that JJ tastes just a little better.
4	Great spot for lunch when I'm in the area.  It's been one of my favorite places during the week to grab a Sandwich for the past 2.5 yrs.  I still can't get away from my #9 Italian Club w/Hot Peppers.  They make the Sandwiches very fast here, so during the lunch hour rush the line moves fast.  However, seating can be a challenge during that time.  If you're office or home is in the area, they also deliver.  As long as they stay consistent, I will keep coming back.Return Factor - 90%
5	Excellent sandwiches, and a very efficient place for a quick lunch.  I particularly love the #17....
2	Took over 45 minutes. Not freaky fast :( & the bread was stale. We order alllllllll the time from this location....they must be having a bad day,
1	Thought we'd give them another try. Slowest jimmy johns ever. 45 minutes later and still not here.
1	55 minutes. FIFTY FIVE MINUTES. That's how long it took to get one sandwich delivered. I called at 46 minutes to inquire how much longer, I work less than a mile from their store. It shouldn't take long to get here. He said the driver has already left with my sub but offered no apology for me having to wait so long. If I'm getting food delivered it's because I don't have time to pick it up. If I don't have time to leave my office, I probably don't have time to wait ALMOST AN HOUR to get my food. The arrogant kid just tossed it on my desk with an attitude. You're lucky I already included my tip.And, once again the bag is filled with pickle juice and my food was darn near falling out of the bag.WHYYYYYYY IS THIS SO HARD FOR YOU??Here's the main reason I'll NEVER eat at Jimmy John's again....http://www.bilerico.com/2012/05/more_than_one_reason_not_to_eat_at_jimmy_johns.php
5	I love Jimmy John's! I really wish they would have more locations in California specifically LA but anytime I'm in Arizona I make sure I stop in for an Italian nightclub and some barbecue chips! I've never had a bad experience from this place!!!!
5	I'm a big fan of Jimmy Johns. The staff is always friendly.  I love the fact that they deliver.  Get tired of having pizzas delivered.  The drivers are nice and have conversations with you instead of sign this and they're out.  The delivery time is always quick. Less than 20 min. The place is always clean and all their food is fresh and their bread....awesome!  I like using their mobile app as well.
1	I've never been a jimmy johns that slow. It took then fifteen minutes just to make one sandwich inside the restaurant.I agree with others reviewers that this is the slowest jimmy johns ever.
1	Love Jimmy John's and have been to one in many different states and places...I have NEVER seen one this slow in my life.
1	This place gets worse and worse. I came into put a catering order in. I told them at the store if they could change my pick up time from 2 to 1:30. I also waited for 10 min (they even saw me standing there) while someone actually said, "is there something else I can help you with" so I could change the time of the pick up. I even called a few hours later to confirm and they said no problem.Arrived at 1:35 and they didn't change the pickup time as asked and they had not even started working on my order. This place is the worst. As someone who uses catering several times a week I will be sure to spread the word NOT to use them.In the end I had to ASK if they would take care of the mistake and they said, I can call and they if I want to come back they will.Just terrible!
4	I just started a new job and stumbled upon this JJs location less than 5 minutes from my office so I stopped here for lunch today. I get an hour for lunch and since I'm always paranoid about being late anywhere I decided JJs "freaky fast" subs would be the way to go. They seriously stick to their motto don't they? Between the time I ordered to the time I finished filling up my water cup, my sub was already waiting for me. Honesty, I was impressed. Being in an incredibly business (office) heavy location, I know they probably get slammed for lunch... and today was no different. There's a large selection of tables inside and every one of them was filled... yet every sandwich seemed to come out "freaky fast" anyway.I'm knocking one star for the presentation of my sandwich. Coming to this type of establishment, I know I can't expect much in terms of look, however, I had to shove the majority of my sandwich insides back in as I was eating since they were practically out of the bread to begin with. Still timely and delicious none the less.
3	Their sandwiches are always very well made, with great ingredients, and fast delivery. My only drawback is their Merry XMas stickers. Not everyone celebrates this holiday and by picking this sticker for your wrapping, you alienate a portion of your clientele. Let's keep it neutral or even just a Happy Holidays.
4	Love this place. Come in here at least two times a week for lunch since it's so close to my office. Club Lulu on wheat or the Vito, both with hot peppers. The restaurant is clean and they live true to their motto of subs so fast you'll freak.
