4	4.5 stars!Pizza was very good!  It seems to be a mix between NY and Philly pizza  (one owner is from NY the other is from PA).  Sausage was excellent...Very high quality.
4	Head's up!Since it just opened they are selling 18" one topping pizzas (or pie's as the owner called them) for $10, tax included.My buddy and I came in looking for something quick and simple to fill the gut and hit the bars later. We werent counting on some serious pizza action. We got that special, it was served piping hot with just pepperoni. It was one of the best pizzas ive had in this side of town. The owner told us about the preparation and was very friendly and seemed very proud of his business. They'll start serving salads soon so I'll update on that then. They have a challenge for who can eat a very large pizza. If you can eat a 28" pizza "loaded with 3 pounds of cheese" you get the pizza for free, get your picture on the wall and you get a "I ate the whole 28" t-shirt. I don't plan on trying this anytime soon, but it seemed interesting. We hit the bars later, and it was really nice to have that half a 18" pizza there to help me along. They also have lunch specials, subs, salads, calzones and some other sides.
4	I wanted something quick, hot, tasty, and cheap. While you chew on that sentence, let me just say, the pizza is good. It is, in fact, quick, hot and tasty and cheap. I went with the works - to go. You are not going to be eating here unless you want to crash with the drivers inside the restaurant or sit out on the common walkway at a patio table - probably not. Mingling with the window shoppers in downtown Chandler while you eat is overrated. The works topping were fresh, as in fresh tomatoes, fresh mushrooms, great canadian bacon and excellent sausage. I will be back.
4	I always thought Grimaldi's was probably the best pizza in the Valley, but turns out I was wrong...me now likey Zza's more.  It's a fairly new operation in Downtown Chandler and I hope it's here to stay.  I've had pizza from here 3 times (usually green peppers, black olives and onions for me and some manly meat product on the other half, for the other half) and it's been spot on each time.  The crust is just right, not too thick, not too thin and they still slice it the old fashion way - in triangles, not this new fangled way that seems to be out there of cutting in to several square shapes, ugh - and the ingredients, always fresh.  The owner is usually around and so very accommodating to your pizza needs.Garlic knots - yes, please.  The dessert knots - not my bag baby, but if you like to eat something a little sweet and sticky...then these are the knots for you.Just try this joint.  It's good, it's easy on the wallet and most importantly I believe, it's supporting a local, independent business.
4	Not your typical greasy, fat-laden pizza. I've tried the White, Works and Veggie. All were made with very fresh ingredients. If all you've had is Papa Johns (it's been sucking lately) and other delivery-style pies, and are interested in trying pizza with a "cleaner" taste, give them a try.
3	So here is the scene... I received a phone call at 1 o'clock in the morning to pick up some intoxicated friends in downtown Chandler. When I got there I pulled in to a spot directly in front of Zza's. While I was waiting for my friends to wobble down the sidewalk I noticed an amazing thing...they were OPEN! I was starving so I ran in for a slice to go. I got plain cheese (yeah I know...). The pizza was OK. It is more about convenience for this place they are open until 3AM on Friday and Saturday nights!!! Anything tastes good at 3AM. Good late night grub.
1	Worst pizza I've had in the state of Arizona... no, wait... ever. I work in a hospital and I'd rather eat the dried out cafeteria pizza any day over this crap. I dont know who decided it was a good idea to change the name of the business on Yelp (it used to be Zzzzas Pizza) instead of closing Zzzzas and opening a new business as Piza, but it was a terrible idea. Now it looks like Piza Pizza has much better reviews than it does... don't be fooled. I walked in and the owner was short with me and rude when I asked him what kind of pizzas he had fresh for me to buy a slice. He told me he had every kind of pizza ready. Huh?? So, I ordered a piece of sausage pizza and watched as they threw some sausage on an old piece of pizza and sent it into the warmer/oven. It came out hard as a rock. Nasty. Also, It's the month of June in Arizona and 110 degrees outside... it's about 120 degrees inside this place. He had the doors propped open and the ovens on. Looks like someone's a cheap ass trying to save on AC costs. Who the heck would want to dine at your restaurant?
1	Most disgusting thing I've ever put in my mouth.  Seriously.Walked into the place; walls are covered in graffiti.  It's hot outside and there is NO air conditioning.  The lady behind the counter was Asian; I was hoping for an Italian person (possibly with a family recipe), given the name of the restaurant.  All of those things should have been enough to tip me off, but it wasn't.I decided to give it a shot.  I'm glad I did, just so I can advise people to never go there.  My wife and I got two slices and a drink.  The soda was canned and was so old the flavor was gone.  The pizza itself... was store-bought frozen pizza that was heated up.The pizza looked ok and had an OK texture, but tasted like NOTHING.  No flavor what-so-ever.  I didn't know it was possible to take the flavor out of cheese and tomatoes, but I guess if you freeze it for long enough, it's possible.Do yourself a favor and go to anyplace other than here.  Go to the jack in the box across the street and you'll be more happy.
2	What a strange experience.  I went in to buy a single slice of pizza at 7pm.  The place looked closed, but the "OPEN" sign was lit and I wanted to support the local downtown Chandler shop.  (I had been here two years ago and had a total disaster of an experience.  I knew the place had to have new owners by now.)I stopped in, ordered my slice with pineapple for $2.49 and got a can of Diet Coke."$4.24." says the nice lady behind the counter.  So, I gave her my credit card.  The bill I signed said $4.94.  I thought I might have heard her wrong at the beginning, so as she heated my pizza in the microwave, I asked a man, presumably her husband, what the story was.As I suspected, they charged me extra for charging such a small purchase.  No problem, but I would have preferred to have been made aware before I used the card.So, while I wait, I pop open my Diet Coke and it had no flavor. (We have this same problem at the office.  You buy a bunch of diet soda from Sam's Club and by the time you drink it, it is like bad club soda.)  So, at first I thought to myself, I don't want to bother this guy, but then I thought to myself, "These people work damn hard, they are trying to start a business.  They would want to know that there soda is bad."So, I said to the man, "I think the soda has expired.  It has no taste."  I didn't ask for a refund and I was going to let it slide.  I just needed something to wash down the pizza.Well, this really pissed the guy off, so he turns to the woman warming my pizza and says, "Put a hold on that order!"  He pulls out five bucks out of the register, hands it to me, and non-verbally indicated that I should get out of his restaurant.Now, I was willing to put up with:- expired, flavorless soda- microwave pizza- a 20% surcharge on my bill without my knowledge.and this guy kicks me out of his restaurant!I try so hard to be pro-small-business, pro-local-guy, but this was like a Twilight Zone episode.Ironically, when I went here two years ago, I had an equally strange encounter.  Now, it is possible that the immigrant owners did not understand that I was just trying to clarify the credit card issue for future reference and my complaint about the soda was just to warn him and help any future customers.  But, I was in a bit of a hurry already and I didn't want to dig any deeper.  Honestly, I feel bad for the couple.  I'm sure they are working hard, but maybe they aren't made for the pizza business.  I hope it works out because frankly I'd like to see them succeed and having a pizza place in Downtown Chandler makes a ton of sense.
2	Service is way too slow.
2	Last week I stopped by here for a quick lunch with an associate.  We saw the advertisements on the window for 2 slices of pizza and a soda for $3.99.   It seemed like a good idea to stop in for a quick lunch.  The place was quiet on a Monday at around lunch time.  The atmosphere of Piza is "divey" with writing and personal pictures on the wall.  I have to say I did like the atmosphere otherwise my rating would be a mere one star.The pizza slices were pulled out from a refrigerator and reheated.  Each slice had that slightly burnt toaster oven look and feel to it.  I want to say that the cheese pizza tasted like reheated Costco pizza, but that would be a kind exaggeration.  It tasted more like warmed over supermarket chain pizza.I was relieved that the price of the lunch was merely $3.99.  In all fairness, this lunch by far was the most affordable lunch I have had since my company moved to downtown Chandler.Overall, I found humor in my experience.  The pizza was so awful that I had to laugh.This one I am not recommending!
1	I am from the NY area so I have very high standards for pizza and majority of the pizza in AZ is below my standards but this was absolutely awful.  The pizza wasnt even made fresh today, or maybe even yesterday.  For all I know the way it tasted and looked it could have a been a week old, but who knows.  All I know is he pulled the slices straight out of the freezer and then threw them in his quick conveyor oven thing.  Flavorless cardboard is more what it tasted like.  Would not suggest to anyone...  He also put garlic salt, pepper, parm cheese and oil over the pizza after it cooked, not a problem since I like most of that stuff but that decision should be left to the person eating the food.Not to mention it was so hot inside I could barely even stand being in there, the walls are covered in filth and writing and all sorts of obscenities.
1	Why and how is this place still in business??? This has to be the worst pizza in town. Seriously this place has got to be a cover for a drug operation or something. When we went in the guy seemed like he would prefer if we weren't there!The pizza slices we got had apparently been sitting out for awhile.Bad BAD BAD
1	One star is an insult.   Worst pizza I've ever had - I would rather have 5 day old pizza left in my car than this.   How this place is still in business is beyond me.
1	Worse pizza I have had in a while. We ordered 3 slices and they tasted like they had been sitting out for a while and nuked. Crappy service too. Salad was plain and all oil no vinegar for dressing. . Service half ass. I am surprised they have remained in business fo several years. Also they apparantly have no AC it was VERY warm inside even on a slightly chilly day in Nov so we sat outside the inside was so hot and stuffy. this place totally sucks.
1	Look,i don't know what the people who gave this place more than one star are smoking, but I could have used it today. Had to drop someone off. Lets give it a try i say to myself. Hmmm looks closed, lights off in the back. Wait a few minutes. Mysterious head pops up, comes out, takes my order. Must buy combo to get slice. Fine. Hmmm where do i sit. Lets try outside since every single table is dirty. Ok after 5 min a slice of cheese pizza is set before me. One taste and i couldn't tell if he gave me pizza or the box it came in. Look I love pizza. I'll even eat totinos, but two bites and i was gone. This place had to be a front for something. Maybe they have a hidden casino in the back. Maybe i didn't give the code word. Smuggling ring perhaps, cause it can't be a pizza place, that's for sure. Please close and make room for something eatable.
1	We received a flyer on our door for this place and thought we'd try it out. My boyfriend and I love our pizza and wings and are always willing to try new places. Too bad, we didn't look this place up on Yelp first. I called the Scottsdale location to place my order and the employee who answered was just generally rude and rushing me on the phone. When our food came 45 min later we were baffled by how disgusting and flavorless it was. It even smelled funny! We got an X-Large cheese pizza and 20 Wings. The wings were dry on the inside, soggy on the outside, barely had any sauce on them and smelled gross! Our pizza had too much sauce, the cheese refused to stay on the pizza, ridiculously greasy, and even though they tried to redeem the flavor by putting a huge amount of oregano and pepper on it, still tasteless! The only descent thing about this place was the prices but we discovered, in this case, you can't even get what you pay for. I really hope this place doesn't survive to kill anyone else's appetite.
1	I'm hungry and surrounded by some of the best spots in Chandler to eat. But I'm short on time and see this kinda funky Pizza Joint. How bad can it be...? Clue one - place is empty, clue two - the guy pulls everything out of the fridge to make 2 pizza slices?? Hmmm not selling enough to keep under a warmer. Getting nervous...It was about 3:15PM so.. maybe I'm just being silly..I ordered one cheese and one pepperoni, 6 minutes later, I was provided 2 pepperoni slices. Ummmm.."I ordered....." pretty much got a shrug...okay then. Being short on time, I'll just slam these suckers down and be on my way. Yeah, I'm a food snob, but I also have a "just eat to eat rule" but that did not even work. I could not finish these things, I only ate as much as I did out of curiosity, trying to see if I ever had pizza this bad..frozen, kid place or mall.... Nope, this is by far the worst pizza ever. All it would have taking was 20 seconds to check the YELP Rating. I have no clue where these 3 and 4 star ratings are coming from...
1	Not even on a drunken night does this pizza taste good. We stopped in here after hanging out at the downtown bars because my girlfriend was craving pizza. Walked in and it was hotter inside than outside. Also, very muggy, like the swamp cooler stopped working. Anyhow, she ordered a slice and the guy behind the counter reached into the fridge and put her slice in the oven... Honestly, it had tasted worse than a burned Totinos pizza from the frozen section. Very bland, hardly any sauce or cheese, and I'm not sure if that was actually pepperoni. Do yourself a favor and save your money.
1	The pizza and service are equally bad. The owner is about as friendly as you'd expect for someone that's been eating his own pizza all day.
