4	Amateur Hour: How Dinner Could Have Gone Terribly Wrong But Somehow Ended Up Being Rock SolidThe setting: New Year's Eve, six o'clock, South Tempe and AhwatukeeThe players: The ravenous Mr. Man and Me, a Black Mitsubishi Montero on a missionGranted, going out for dinner on New Year's Eve is by and large a mistake. Holidays are the times when it's most likely the stresses placed on the kitchen and wait staff may result in frazzled service and a less than savory dining experience. But ramen for dinner was out of the question. (I've tried to keep that survival food to a minimum since graduating.) So what's a gal to do? Hop into the hooptyville and cruise in search of something better than soggy shoestrings. Doesn't sound like much of a challenge at first until our two players realize that it's New Year's Even and they're pretty fucked for A) Places that still have seats open cuz all the smart folks made reservations, B) Places that are open at all cuz nobody wants to work when there's bubbly to be had and C) Places other than 24 hour greasy spoons cuz even fast food joints close on New Year's Eve.45 minutes elapse in which our players dart in and out of establishments encountering option A, drive by potential restaurants while encountering option B, and almost succumb to option C. Enter Ruffino's, a humble little Italian Restaurant located in a strip mall dangerously close to the suburbs of Ahwatukee. So we saunter up and politely wait our turn for the hostess to be free. "Two. No, we didn't make reservations." And the flibbertigibbet proceeds to seat two parties milling around us without even informing us whether dining there was a possibility. Again, she turns to us. "Do you have an open table for two? No, we didn't make reservations." Again, she proceeds to seat others. Lots and lots of others.Oh no you did not just rouse the bitch from her slumber. The pursed lips, raised eyebrow and death stare begin to surface. Mr. Man senses the subtle change, "Do you just want to go and find somewhere else to eat?"A cold, calculating response with an edge sharp enough to cut the horrid poodle hair off the twit that's been snubbing us spews out. (I can't recall what it was exactly. The vitriol clouds memory, often with good reason.)Then our savior, a tux dressed waiter out of stage left, greets us with a smile and ushers us to a table for two in the bar area. The bitch circles three times before settling down for a snooze so Erica can enjoy a nice meal with Mr. Man.Since it was a busy holiday they only had three seating times and a truncated menu, but that just makes it easier for an indecisive gal like me to make up my mind. Mr. Man goes with his favorite, the Veal Marsala. I opt for the Veal Ruffino, prosciutto and mushrooms sauteed in a tarragon brandy cream sauce layered over veal medallions. Yes I eat poor caged baby cows. And I do it because they taste goooooood. My meal was perfection, with a side of al dente rigatoni in marinara and perfectly steamed petite julienne vegetables. The marsala wasn't as stellar, but I'm not the one that had to consume it, so to each their own. The meal came with garlic bread, which was respectable, and a salad that was delish! Their house vinagrette was rockin'. We also decided to kick off the evening with a bottle of chardonnay that was chilled in one of them thingys that stands by your table. There were balloons and streamers and live entertainment in the form of a super stellar, pitch perfect showman all tuxed out and belting out classics while playing the piano. Cutesy couples were even requesting songs and dancing with their sweeties. Aww. The sap in me just melts. See that puddle of goo at your feet? That's me. Don't step in it.There was also a nice program they were running that night where they would take you home for a flat rate of 10 bucks within a 15 mile radius so you didn't ring in the New Year with a DUI. Now that's class.I don't know if I'd ever go back here again (leetle on the pricey side at 20-30 bucks for an entree) but if you're in the area and looking for a dining experience rather than straight calories, hit it up!
3	Unexciting, bland and expensive! Service was good, if somewhat snobbish. Food was nothing special run of the mill bland Italian fair.All in all its probably not worth it. Especially for someone like myself who is really not Italian fan. "I no like"Eugene
4	my husband and I ate here a few months back and really enjoyed the food. The service was excellent. I found all of the staff to be quiet friendly. It is very expensive. For two people you will spend about $70, depending on what you get. My husband and I had two meals and a glass of wine each. I think as far as Italian food goes this is the best I have had so far in Phoenix.
3	When first walking into this restaurant, I was wowed. It's not your typical Phoenix restaurant. There was white table cloth. The waiters were all formally dressed.  It had a live jazz singer.  I was a little taken aback because it has the ambience of a fine steak restaurant like a Donovans as opposed to a nice Italian restaurant.  It was a nice change of scenery from your usual west coast trendy yet casual Phoenix restaurant ambience. The service was also excellent.  Our waiter was hyper animated which was a little annoying yet appreciated because he was attentive.  Overall the service was nearly perfect. All the waiters had manners and were old school in their mannerism. Again, this was a welcome change from the trendy young stud or hot girl who act like they are too cool to be serving tables. In regards to the food....DISAPPOINTING.  I was really shocked. I really wanted to like this place but the food had no flavor.  There is nothing about the food that would make one want to go back.  The eggplant parmegan was sloppy and watery egglant that tasted like boiled egglant.  The tortalleni ruffino was served in an alfredo sauce that tasted like potato soup poured onto pasta. It was so thick and tasteless. The tortelini had no flavor and it's filling was bland. The restaurant does some things to provide one with a homely feel. They serve garlic bread toasts as free appetizers and constantly refresh it. The jazz music in the background was also a nice touch.  Stil the atmosphere was a bit claustrophobic for me.
4	Situated on the northest corner of Warner Road and 48th Strret in Ahwatukee (Phoenix).  Although located in a strip mall, once inside, you'll forget that your in a strip mall.  Ruffino's is quiet and dark inside, great for a couple looking for a good meal or just to talk.  The food is excellent, assuming you like Italian food.  The service is great and the staff seem to know if you are there to get to know each other.  In other words, they know when to leave you alone. I agree with a previous reviewer that the prices are a little steep, so it's not the place to go every week.  However, I've been living in the area since 1994 and Ruffino's has always been there, so they must be doing something right.
4	Homemade pasta cooked to order?  YESHomemade sauces cooked to order?YESExciting and different Italian entrees?YESNot-pretentious and delicious?YES!Food at this place blows my socks off.I very much enjoyed this place.
5	I love this place.Truly.This place for lunch is awesome.  Today I had the complimentary garlic breadAnd tortellini filled with meat in a alfredo, pancetta, and pea sauceMMMMM!!!!The tortellini was divine!Soft, fluffy meat pillows of deliciousness.Go here.  Seriously.$12 out the door for lunch on white tablecloths using real silverware.
5	I have been to Ruffino's for drinks a few times, but I cannot believe I waited so long before actually dining here!I had an INCREDIBLE dinner last night at Ruffino's - Escargot for an Appetizer, Cannelloni for Dinner...and all I can say is "WOW." My first bite of the Cannelloni was like a taste explosion! Very complex flavors. I've only had Escargot once before at Cafe Boa. I don't remember loving it - but I can say I'd definitely order it again now! It's served in a butter/garlic sauce at Ruffino's inside of mushroom caps. Excellent.I thought the prices were very affordable. It's obvious the pasta is hand made. The sauces are extremely fresh. You get what you pay for!It truly is a sophisticated place. Who would guess by the location in a strip mall?? Fresh flowers on the table, great service, live singer on a Wed. night.Classic. All that was missing was Frank Sinatra sitting in the corner. But the live singer made up for that (on a Wednesday night even!)
4	Went there for dinner. Had a glass of their Atalon, Merlot, Napa Valley California, 2003 wine and Chicken marsala.Loved it. There was live music on Saturday night and a bunch of oldies were having a great time dancing. Great ambience but a bit pricey. Definitely recommended!
3	Ruffino is definitely the kind of italian restaurant that your grandparents go to when they want to try somewhere nice. The decor is definitely mid-1980s but is well-kept. I ate here for a work function, so I ordered from a limited menu. The only vegetarian option was a fettuccine alfredo, so I asked them if they could give me fettuccine with a marinara sauce. They gladly obligedThe marinara sauce was surprisingly good. Lots of chunky tomato bits and very good garlic flavor.The fettuccine noodles were delicious....perfect thickness and just enough taste to make them compliment the sauce.Service is friendly but forgetful; drinks were ordered by several people at the table at different times and were forgotten by the waiter.Would I go here again? Honestly, with so many good italian options available, I wouldn't drive down to Ahwatukee to eat here, but if someone invites you out here, you will get a decent meal.
5	I've eaten at Ruffino's since they opened, about 3 owners ago.  First of all expect to enter a time machine and go back to the old-style restaurant's where the tables are covered with linen and the staff are constantly moving through the room.I took a date there this spring, telling her that the outside isn't much to look at (in a strip mall between a shoe repair and a veterinarin), but when you open the door you find the place packed.  I had called ahead for a reservation, and was led immediately to the table.  As I wrote above, the service is excellent and the food great (a little pricy, but if you want value go to Olive Garden).  I was telling my date about the Osso Bucco being my choice if I ever had to pick a last meal, when the server took the hint and brought us a small plate of pasta with the sauce.  You're not going to get that at O-G.So when you want a great meal at a local hole in the wall, I highly recommend Ruffino's.  On Friday's, weekends and holiday's you should call ahead for a reservation.  Keep the kids at home so you can really enjoy the experience.
5	This place is a hidden gem.Located in an obsure strip mall... I took a date to this place and the dinner, the wine, the dessert... ALL TERRIFIC.The atmosphere is 1980's... The Soprano's... Jersey Italian. Great place to bring a date. Great place if you're hungry and you want a wonderful meal.And don't let the quiet exterior fool you. When we walked in... the bar area was packed and there was a nice mix and old and young dining in the dining area. Their fresh out of the oven garlic bread was delicious and their pasta... awesome. Give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.
4	This restaurant is a typical (and I mean typical in every sense of the word) American Italian restaurant.  Let's see:- Cheesy Italian music subtly playing in background - Check- Wood Paneling and faux crystal light fixtures, reminding you eerily of the 80's - Check- Pleasant but not overbearing waiters/waitresses in black-n-whites - Check- Salad and Garlic Bread with everything - CheckNow, as to the food we ordered, the Bruschetta was nicely toasted, with a garlicy tomatoe mix on top - very nice.  Then came the salad, which is tossed table side - a nice touch.  However, the greens tasted like they were straight out of a bag.  No-one takes a free salad seriously any more.  This was followed with warm garlic bread - the french baguette they were using for this had been squashed and went cold very quickly.  Cold garlic bread that doesn't taste of garlic sounds like cold toast to me.On to the main courses.  My companion and I both had "signature dishes" - I had the Duck Ravioli, which was accompanied by a tomato cream sauce, and she had the Shrimp linguine, which was also pleasant.All-in-all, this was a pleasant evening.  The food was reasonable, and the environment non-obtrusive.  The "free" accompaniments brought the meal down a notch - get rid of the garlic bread and salad unless asked for (and when they are asked for - make them shine - it's not that hard), and you have a five-star place.
5	Ruffino is one of those restaurants you first go to and wonder why you haven't been here before. Amazing food, outstanding service -- a favorite destination. Great restaurant hands down! Looking for a great date night impressive dinner local, Ruffino is the place.Robert Pfeifer
4	ABSOLUTELY delicious! We had a very friendly waiter too. Much nicer than it looks from the outside, and the portions were generous.
4	Ruffino was the first restaurant my family ate at when we moved to Arizona, which means that simple math would suggest I've been eating here for sixteen years! Seriously. I've eaten here several times a year for sixteen years and have been through either two or three owner changes. I love it. From the mildly cheesy, somewhat 80s styling to the tuxedo'd out waiters, I can't get enough. Ruffinos is a classy restaurant where you're more than some random customer and through my years here, the management has practically bent backwards at times to make things right. The food here is incredible, and if you're lucky enough to come on a night they have osso bucco, you'll be stuck coming back for the next sixteen years like me. I can vouch for so many of the food items here, but I'll just make a couple of suggestions. For starters the clams casino and escargot can't be beat, they are both rich and garlicky and the escargot is simply not as chewy as most places, so good. For your meal try the tortellini ruffino, one of my favorite meals of all time, or the veal ruffino or filet medallions if they have them. But the osso bucco is a step above most things I've tried in my life. Expensive and worth it. Look, I don't waste my time on bad restaurants, I eat at good places and me continuing my business here for so long means they're doing something very well, try out Ruffino and see what it is.
4	I'm glad I finally had the chance to finally eat at Ruffino. Upon entering the doors, the ambiance and decor was nice. We (wife and I) were promptly greeted and escorted to our table.  The place was packed. There was also live music playing, which was nice to hear.One thing I really liked was the salad being created and tossed to your liking at your table. I really enjoyed the mozzarella that was on the caprese salad.The chicken parm and pasta I ordered was excellent. I really enjoyed the sauce. Overall, I really enjoyed my meal and felt satisfied after.  My wife ordered the rigatoni and also enjoyed the food. I though the meal was a bit dry. A bit more sauce would have been better. One thing I really noticed was the service. The waiter was great and there was also staff filling your water on a routine basis. The manager also personally came by at the end of the meal to check how things went. A nice touch.The noise level was a bit high, but there was a large party a short distance from us, which probably contributed to the higher decibel level.The one downside is the limited parking spots. That's a good thing that the restaurant is busy, but bad if you have trouble finding a spot.My wife and I will definitely be back on a date night in the future.
4	Just went there with my family for a late lunch on Wed, 6/29/11.  It was about 2:30 pm and we were happy that they were open and still serving.  We have been going to Ruffino's for over 20 years, off and on, and still like it.  I am writing this review just to give readers some recent feedback.  Ruffino has a limited menu, but pretty decent food and prices.  Nothing outstanding, but decent and worth your time if you want to try their offerings.  My wife ordered their clam linuini, lunch portion, and it was good and substantial.  My daughter ordered the lunch manicotti and that too was decent and substantial.  Lunch does not come with anything -- no veggie, no salad -- just the entree and bread.  I ordered the dinner order of veal masala and it was good and came with veggies, side pasta, and side salad.  The price was fair.  We ordered and shared an antipasti platter to share first, and it came with two kinds of cheese, two kinds of olives, artichoke hearts, ham, procuitto, salami, mortadella, sweet and hot peppers, and about four big leaves of romaine.  Pretty substantial.  So I just wanted to report that it was pretty good and we will go back, but next time on a Thurs, since Thurs is Osso Bucco day.
4	We went to Ruffino's at the last minute for Happy Hour.  They were wonderful at accommodating our party of 7.  The service was incredible - so friendly and prompt.  They have a fabulous Happy Hour with great wine, drink and appetizer specials.  Their Seafood Martini is fabulous!  Will definitely be back.
4	I'm really giving Ruffino's about 3.5 stars.  It is a solid choice for Italian, though for me, the best italian restaurants remain Avanti and Va Bene.My boyfriend and I went on a Sunday evening and ate at the bar.  We stopped in on a whim, so we were hoping we wouldn't be turned away for our casual attire (we weren't). The bartender pointed out that happy hour is all night on Sundays, so she suggested we take advantage of the drink/appetizer specials.  The wine was meh, but it was $4/glass so I was still pleased.  For appetizers, we ordered the calamari followed by the escargot.  The calamari was among the best in town - very light, not at all chewy.  We didn't care for the escargot - way too much sherry.We also split a dinner on Special - veal with scallops in a mushroom cognac cream sauce over fettuccine. The scallops were great - huge and tender. The sauce could have used a little more salt, and the fettuccine was a tad overcooked.  The side vegetables were great. Overall I was happy with the meal, though not doing cartwheels.The gal bartending was great.  She gave great service, and also made sure to have us fill out a card with our contact info & birthdays to receive a $25 gift card on our birthdays. Nice touch.I will be back, mostly to further explore their happy hour.
3	Went here the first time today and I have to agree with most of the comments.  The food was good but the decor is definitely from the 80s. The thing that set it apart for me was the service.  We were personally greeted from the manager and he came back after the meal to make sure that everything went well.    Water was always filled and bread basket was always full.  Everyone was great to our 11 month old daughter and put us at ease for leaving some spaghetti on the ground.
3	Back in the ol' days.. it was great!  I went back last week to check it out..  not so great.  Very dated atmosphere and an older crowd.  They do have a great wine list.  Had one cocktail, looked at the menu, and left.  No thanks!
5	Our family has been eating here for 16 years. Fantastic food, great service.
4	I haven't had great Italian in way too long. Thank you to the boss man for suggesting this place for our office dinner outing. Everything was great with Ruffino's, right from the start, from making easy reservations on their web page, to the call back confirming our reservation, to seating us right on time.We started in the bar area for a drink before we sat down, the cocktail server was very nice and got our drinks quickly, you know we needed them after meetings all day. From then on all was great; Our server, John I think, was very nice and made great suggestions, the manager was around a few times to make sure everything went well. Some of the guys at the table wanted to order a few appetizers, muscles and escargot. Oh dear lord they are going to make me eat snails I thought to myself. And to my great surprise, they were great. I have never had them before, and from my understanding, they are only good if made right, and made right these were. Very yummy, i will have them again for sure. For dinner I had the Shrimp Carbenara, suggested by John, and it was awesome! Very tasty, huge portion, and a great leftover meal for the next day. Ruffino's has been around for a long time from my understanding, and I can clearly see why, great service, great food, great time!
4	My wife & I went on a Monday, and Ruffino was not very busy. The service was excellent from the minute we walked up to the door. Our server Tina was friendly, and we had frequent visits from the receptionist and the sommelier, which fit our mood. My wife had the salmon special with caper sauce, and I had the veal piccata; both were delicious. The dinners came with garlic bread, tossed green salad, rigatoni, and vegetables, all very tasty. If you sign up with them, you will receive a card which offers the second entree for half off, or second dinner free on your birthday. We left the restaurant very happy and satisfied.
2	2.5 stars, maybe.  I hate to bag on a restaurant because I know restaurant owners work so hard, but this was a pretty bad experience.  I know they have live music, too, and that is a sign of class.Fundamentally, the problem with this place can best be summed up by saying that it wouldn't surprise me if there isn't a single Italian involved in the running of this place.  If there is, they have gone so American it's hard to tell.  Think Pascal in "Big NIght."When I showed up by myself at 7pm, I had not eaten lunch so I should have been pretty easy to please.  The restaurant was mostly empty, yet I was sat  at a small table right next to the only baby in the restaurant.  Really?  I probably didn't look Awhatukee chic, but I didn't look like a bum either.  And hey, it was Monday and my credit card is paid off.I was sat by the owner (I think).  He didn't take a drink order and then I waited a long time to get a menu or a drink.  I don't blame the server.  It was bad timing as she knew she had a meal for four being plated and a couple of credit cards to run.  The owner could have easily handled both the menu and my drink order.Then, they brought the garlic bread.  It was that soggy over-buttered, undercooked, nastiness you would never get in Italy or even a high-end Italian restaurant in the states.  (Think Fazoli's)  The greasiness probably started to take away my appetite which had been sky high when I arrived.  I would strongly recommend that Ruffino's ditch the garlic bread and go with nice Italian bread and small bowl of butter.Soon after, the entrees for the neighboring table arrived.  They didn't look like $25-30 entrees.  Even the osso bucco looked unappetizing..Then, they brought me a cup of brodo with tortellini.  The waitress warned me to be careful because it was super hot.  I would say it was just hot enough not to get sent back.  It was decent, but kind of puny for four bucks.  The bowl would have been seven and I was mostly trying it out of curiosity.  The broth was pretty good, but as it got colder it lost any magic it had.I also got a Campari and soda, which was a little light on Campari.  It didn't come with a fruit wedge of any type, which is pretty standard when an Italian is behind the bar.  So, I asked for an orange.  Unfortunately, because I was seated in the farthest corner from the door and the bar, I didn't get the orange until I was over halfway through the Campari and soda.  Maybe I'm off base here and I should asked for it explicitly.  Sorry, I'm not much of a drinker.The salad was quite good.  They make it tableside which is nice because I got to pick my choice of elements.  The greens were excellent and the dressing was nice.  I think I got two portions even though I was by myself, which was great.  Unfortunately, there was a little too much cheese (or something) making it too heavy.  Still, not bad.Throughout the evening my water glass was empty, which is annoying when you're paying $20 minimum for an entree.  I'm not a stickler about this stuff, but when it happens 3-5 times at a place like this, it's not right.  My waitress was very nice and worked very hard.  One thing that sort of stuck with me was when I was discussing the menu, she said something like, "They've been here 20 years, it's good."  I'm wondering if that was indicative of a place resting too much on its laurels.I got the Fettuccini Ruffino which was a sausage-based dish listed as one of seven signature dishes on the menu and strongly recommended by my server because it was "simple" and tasty.  After a pretty dubious performance so far, I convinced myself that this entree was going to hit it out of the park and save the evening.  Instead, it was a total failure and I was actually forcing it down by the end.  It wasn't simple.  It was sloppy.They cooked the life out of the fettuccini and the sauce looked like something Olive Garden would have invented, not like the sausage crumbles with oil, pasta and vegetables I am used to at high-end Italian joints.  The sausage was exactly like something you'd buy at Trader Joe's, which isn't bad, but it didn't seem homemade or special.  Honestly, if they had put the plate in front of me, my first reaction would have been to tell them they had brought it to the wrong table.   Maybe I was expecting the wrong the thing, but whatever the case, it didn't taste very good.Afterward, I went to Enzo's Cafe and Gelato for a cappuccino to make things right.  There was more Italian in that cappuccino than a whole meal at Ruffino's.  Now, I'm watching Tony Bourdain in Naples just to make up for the rest of the evening..I hope I can get another chance to go here and have them prove me wrong, but I won't do it on my dime.  There was just a little too much Olive Garden in Ruffino's to justify the prices.
4	Back again with my bookclub.  Very friendly service and great happy hour.  Get the Shrimp Martini - mmmm!
5	Wonderful Italian dining...great atmosphere, friendly and helpful service, impeccible food.  I thought the Veal Ruffino was was one of the best entrees I've ever had.  The hostess was a lot of fun, too.  Highly recommended.
5	Favorite Italian restaurant in Phoenix.  Small, intimate and quaint.  The owner takes pride in the food and the service.  Both bar and restaurant have an amazing atmosphere.  Lobster ravioli and fettuccini are delicious!  Love it!!
2	I have eaten at this restaurant a few times before and liked it. A nice neighborhood place. So, we thought to go here to celebrate my niece's graduation. We had a party of 10 and the service was terrible.  The servers didn't bring drinks or ask if we wanted anything other than our order. They were all in a back room doing something. And the food was not good, either. I had chicken piccata - yuck. It had a thickish cream sauce - like creamy soup. Not light and lemony like it should be. I do not think I would go back.
1	This may very well be what passes for good Italian food in Phoenix, but Olive Garden is cheaper. The staff is friendly. Don't confuse that with competent. But I suppose the old folks that come here aren't exactly picky.Tacky interior, bland food that is overpriced, and service that moves at the speed of Tectonic Plates. Which would have been saved had the food been good. Sadly, no.Skip that bread too. It's soggy and stale. The table side salad service is just a distraction. The kitchen is in no hurry to serve up what can only be generously called Italian.
2	Good location,average food, but too expensive. Drink service is slow. Entertainment is spotty. Should double the bar size and delete dining room
5	i went here the other night for the first time with a date. i am pretty blown away! i had a glass of the caramel road chardonnay.. which was AMAZING!! and i got the fettuccine Alfredo.. it was honestly the best fettuccine Alfredo i have ever had! they also have this table side salad service where they make the salad in front of you and ask what you want in it which was also superb. will be coming back here and telling friends and family about this great little treasure!! oh by the way our server was GREAT too. I forget his name (very bad with names). highly recommended!
1	Good location,average food, but too expensive. Drink service is slow. Entertainment is spotty. Should double the bar size and delete dining room. this place has been steadily going down hill. surprised they are still in business. was very good 20 yrs ago. Owners watch people like hawks, desperately waiting for food orders
2	Just dined there this evening, and we were fairly disappointed. The food was very nicely prepared, tasted just fine, however the service left a lot to be desired. And the worst thing was that both our dinners, and my coffee ended up at our table lukewarm. if you can't manage to bring items to the table hot, than the rest of this review begins to hardly matter. The waitress was snippy, not friendly in any discernible way. The water and coffee were very slow to be refilled, in fact everything was slow about the service. They brought out our entrees while our appetizer plates were still on the table...and they had been sitting there for some time! One of them never did get picked up. From here, I hardly feel the need to mention the screaming baby, the pretty Italian music that got cut off halfway through our meal, and the confusion/staff bickering that we encountered when we first arrived... but there you go. They told me they have been in business for 20 years, but they still can't seem to get the most basic components right. Overpriced, and not a good experience. Try someplace else.
1	I am giving this restaurant 1 star, only because my entree was actually good. Otherwise, it would have been a zero star review. Everything there could use a lot of improvement. Upon arriving we were greeted by a hostess who seemed to be confused about where to seat us, although the restaurant was mostly unoccupied, with the exception of the small bar area. This led to her being bickered at by what ended up being our waitress. We were then seated by the manager with no menus. I went to the ladies room to wash my hands before our meal, where I was enjoying the lovely music.... just as it was abrubtly turned off. There was no music for the rest of our visit. When we finally got some menus (and bread upon request), we ordered some drinks. I ordered a rum and coke, and my date ordered a coffee. Don't let their happy hour advertising fool you! There is NO HAPPY HOUR at Ruffino's restaurant. Although they do have a happy hour in the small bar area, if you sit even 10 feet away from it, you do not get to enjoy the special drink prices. I was misled and ended up paying full price for a drink, that if ordered a few feet away would have been half price! My date's coffee came out lukewarm, and when our appetizers arrived I had wished I ordered something else. My dates salad was pretty tasty, but my tortellini en brodo soup was awful. It was some chicken bouillon water with overcooked pasta, that had no hint of the meat it had suggested existed in it. Our entrees arrived quite a while later, and our table still hadn't been bussed since the appetizers. Both of our entrees were pretty darn tasty, but both were only lukewarm again. Not hot at all. Then there was a baby screaming with no music playing to distract me from the wailing infant. The waitress was snippy and seemed to be in a bad mood. And even with a lady following the waitress around for training, couldn't seem to bring out a box for my food and a requested cup of coffee. The service was just slow and almost snotty. So, I really wouldn't recommend it. It is too overpriced for a place with a hit and miss menu and very poor service.Also, I ordered the Chicken Florentine, which is supposedly a stuffed chicken breast. But, it was actually only just topped with the ingredients listed. It also doesn't come with a knife, so I had to attempt cutting it up with a butter knife. Still pretty good, especially after I took it home and made it hot.
2	This place is too pricey for the quality and size of their food.  I ordered linguine with white wine clam sauce and I'm pretty sure they used canned clams.  I would much rather eat at Va Bene which is probably a 10 min drive from this restaurant. The quality of food is a lot better and fresher.  Also the waiter here wasn't too competent and service is incredibly slow for a non-busy night.
4	Have never had a bad meal here in the 4 times I've been.  We usually sit in the bar.  I live just down the street and having a good local italian place is great.  The mussels with red sauce and bread is excellent.   The drinks are good and the wine selection is more than adequate.  Old school interior the way I like it.   The servers are attentive and on the nights I've been here, attractive.   Live entertainment on fridays and saturdays is a bonus.   Not cheap but the food is worth it.
4	I haven't had a bad meal at this place, but I have had terrible service. It is hit and miss, but if you are patient, you can get one of the best bowls of fettuccine Alfredo in AZ at Ruffino. They seem to have enough staff, they just aren't as efficient as they could be. They also have live music most nights.
5	I went her for Valentine's Day dinner with my girlfriend.  First off, they were able to accommodate a reservation request day of (silly me forgot to make a dinner plans prior to the big day), which was a pleasant surprise.  We started the evening off with a glass of the House Red which was delicious.  We then moved to the table fifteen minutes before our reserved time which was another pleasant surprise.  This is not a place for a cheap date.  The atmosphere is very nice and makes you feel like you are dining at a very fine establishment.  The food was excellent and the service was great.  I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a really nice Italian dining experience.
4	A favorite place of mine for excellent food!  Great place for dinner date.  I like sitting in the bar having some good wine and listening to the live music and relaxing too, Great service, friendly staff.  Did I mention th efood is to die for?  Lobster bisque mmmmm
5	Went with husband, we both remember thinking everything was delicious (been a while since we went). Nice atmosphere and great service too.
4	We've been to Ruffino's a few times and have taken friends with us each time. Everyone in the group thoroughly enjoyed the fine service and food, and said they would return again. Large, fresh salads are served before the entrees, and we're always surprised with how fresh and large they area. Entrees are always delicious; I seem to order one of the daily specials and my husband always goes for the linguini and clam sauce, which he likes so much here he won't order it any place else. Go and enjoy!
4	My mom went to Ruffino's and thought it was really good so we decided to give this place a shot. When you first walk in there a small bar that looks a little cramped but the dining room is pretty big. Nothing really stood out with the decor. Anyways, we started off with fried calamari and it was a huge appetizer. The batter on the calamari was very light and cooked just right. I thought it was really good. Also, they gave us little pieces of garlic bread. Outstanding. Really good. Everyone gobbled it up so we had to get another basket. So each meal comes with soup or salad. I got the salad and I thought it was really big dinner salad it had mixed greens with cucumber, mushrooms, and tomatoes. The salad dressing was great. Not overpowering because at some places the vinegar is a little too much. Not here. Really good. I had the Seafood Ruffino. It had shrimp, scallops, muscles, and clams over a bed to pasta with a red sauce. I thought it was pretty good. I thought the red sauce could have tasted a little better. It had a good taste but not great. My wife had the chicken primavera. Chicken was moist and she enjoyed it. Hugh dish. To end our meal was tried the chocolate cake and cheese cake. I thought they were good. Not great. I'm used to these Italian restaurant having great deserts.  The service was top notch. Server took care of us and he was always checking on us during each portion of our meal (appetizer, salad, entree, and desert). Our glasses were filled on a regular basis. The only thing is the server did his job very good but didn't feel like he had personality. Very business like. Seemed like all the servers were like that. So really good service, good food, and huge portions. Not a bad place. We'll see if we can make it back to this place.
2	The waiter was nice and very friendly tonight. The bread and salad was good. But the linguini and clams was kinda gross. It was nothing new. The sauce tasted plain and the clams were already on the noodles. It's more spontaneous when you can open the clams yourself. The sauce was also really thick. If it was thinner it would have been better. The cheesecake was alright. I've had better and the portion is really small. I looked at it and said are you kidding me? It was like a "fun size" but I was looking for the king size cheesecake. Other than that I don't think I'll be back.
2	Been here several times.  Food is generally good, happy hour prices could be good if they know how to ring you up.  Depending on who waits on you, you will be charged for drinks you didn't order and the prices will be inconsistent on the check for what you actually order.  3 different prices for the same brand of beer.  I believe this is padding to compensate for the fledgling revenues and dwindling crowd.  Sit at the bar as the service is better.  Careful when you bring up the inconsistencies on the tab as the owner is defensive and condescending.  They should practice consistency.  Long time regulars complain about the shell of this establishment from whatnot was, but come here for convenience.  If you really have a choice, go to Garage across the street.  Good service and act like they appreciate your business.
5	We had dinner in this restaurant . Everything was awesome! Customer service, food, life music and good Italian vine.I suggest you reserve table before coming. Very nice place!
5	To say in words would do an injustice to it's amazing craft of Italian food. Try to go during the week when it is not so busy.  If you love Italian food, this is the place to go.
4	Very tasty Italian food.  I enjoyed the calamari and stuffed canneloni.  Place is dimly lit and a little dated but nice and intimate. Servers were cordial but not overly attentive.  Pricey, which reflects the cloth tablecloths and napkins.
4	Very Good! Nice people, and good food. Always recommend this place.  Buon appetito!
5	I love this spot. The exterior is a bit misleading but the family friendly atmosphere inside and the authentic and delicious food inside make up for that. I brought my very Italian in-laws to dinner here and everyone had amazing things to say about the food. The oysters Rockefeller were a hit, and I think we ended up trying 8 or 9 different entrees and were thrilled with them all. Save room for the cannoli!!!
5	Amazing! Delicious! It was our first time here and we were very impressed! We came here for our anniversary & had an amazing dinner!    Everything we had was delicious and the staff was exceptional! Will definitely be back! Don't be fooled by the outside or the location- the inside is superb!
5	Wonderful food, people, excellent dining.  Exquisite Lobster Bisque!
5	Great great great customer service! They remembered us from our first visit. Yummy food!! Lobster bisque is sooooooooo good :-)
5	I had the pleasure of dining here for the first time last week.  From the escargot and calamari to the canneloni and tirimisu for desert...perfection.  It is difficult to find Italian fare that rivals my Nona, but they have succeeded.  I will certainly be a regular here.I am bringing my mom when she comes to visit!
5	This is a great place to have a drink at the bar or experience fine food and service in the dining room. We are lucky to have this restaurant in an area where good/unique restaurants are few and far between.  The food is awesome... the lasagna is addicting!
4	Favorite vendor business dinner spot near my work. Someone wants me to sell their products? Meet me at Ruffinos
3	Server was very non chalant from the get go. Not saying bad but attitude didn't sit well with me, kind of felt like I was lucky he was waiting on me, rather than him appreciating us as guest. Never even asked if this was our first visit or not. Did the scallop wrapped bacon w/ raspberry chipotle sauce - to bad they use pre cooked bacon to wrap the scallops the bacon was cold. Garnished with lettuce tomatoes and cucumber ( over kill)Bread was really tasteless. Salad was wilted - tasted good Food was fair not a WOW!Okay totally a disappointment dessert TIRAMISU -- the worse that I've ever tasted!!!!Big question: Would I revisit: NO - only as part of a group would I not on my own. Then why three stars - to be fair comparatively to other restaurants that's what they deserve.I can only say try them you might enjoy their food.
1	I am very disappointed with Ruffino. We used to come in every month or two. However, we had a bad experience on Mother's Day and I wrote a note to the management and still haven't received a response. The service was beyond terrible that day and the place was packed because of a huge first communion party. There was a table of 10 unsupervised children right by us that were loud. The adults were sitting a few tables away and basically ignored them until it came time to serve cake. We asked the manager to do something and were ignored. There were issues with our order, slow service and an unpleasant experience. This saddens me because they have great food, but the service and execution just isn't there. We haven't been back since Mother's Day, and at this point I don't know if we will return because I don't feel like a valued customer. Management should take concerns raised by customers seriously and act on them, or at the very least respond to an email.
