1	Will not buy or recommend this establishment to anyone.  Unless forced to answer, we will not let anyone know our furniture came from La-Z-Boy.We ordered furniture for two large rooms.  Fabric did not match on sectional and had to fight for replacement, still waiting for those pieces (hopeful it will match).  5 months have gone by and we still don't have all of our order, was told to expect 8-10 weeks max.  They were horrible with communication.  No refund for delays to compensate for our money we paid up front and don't have furniture to show for it (they use our money while we don't have product).  They made one accomodation, they said the would not charge us for all the 'extra' deliveries it was going to take because they are sending our furniture one piece at a time as it arrives!  Talk about rude an insulting, they actually thought we should wait for them to get all of the pieces together to deliver at one time.  Based on the last expected delivery date, the final pieces from the original order are expected to arrive 6 months since original order!  This does not take into consideration the other pieces being replaced!I am truly concerned they will file BK and we will not have furniture and we will lose our money.
2	I have mixed feelings about La-Z-Boy.  I used to love their quality, but it seems to be fading. We truly enjoyed our shopping experience.  If you go to this store, ask for Betty.  She's easy going, friendly, and knowledgeable! The two recliners we purchased were delivered a couple of days later.  Perfect!Then.... my wife noticed some issues with both chairs!  AARRRGGG!!  WE spent a ton of money on these "quality" chairs and they BOTH have defects?!?!?!   I called customer service, and they sent a guy out to evaluate the chairs in a couple of days.  He had to order some parts (the foot rest for my wife's chair, and a right side panel for mine). He said it would take 4-6 weeks to get the parts in, and they'd call to schedule a repair visit.After 6 weeks I called for an update.... there were delays.  I called in a few more weeks.... still delays.  I call a few weeks later.... they are back ordered.  I finally contacted the La-Z-Boy home office through the website, and they said that the parts were 'unexpectedly delayed' but should be arriving shortly.  This was after 3 months of waiting!!!!  I then got an e-mail a couple of weeks later with great news... the leather had been made and was on it's way to the facility to make the parts! EXCUSE ME?!?!?!?  After 3.5 months, the LEATHER is done???  WTH????   The end result... it took 4 & 1/2 months to get our brand new chairs fixed.  FRIGGING RIDICULOUS!!!!!I used to love La-Z-Boy's quality and would pay their prices for it.  Now I'm not so sure.... and God help you if you need to use the warranty!
1	My wife and I went into this store to take advantage of their President's Day sale.  The three recliners they advertised at $399 were a bit substandard and cheap looking, so we almost settled on a higher grade one--in fact we were going to buy two of them.  That's when we learned that when they say the item is in stock, they mean it is in stock 20 miles down the road in Phoenix, and if we want to pick it up at the Mesa location, we would be paying $25 extra for that privilege.  If not, we could pick it up at the distributor's warehouse AND SKIP THE $25 CHARGE!  Now, I can understand $79 for a delivery to our home, but I don't see why the customer has to pay for the freight between the La-Z-Boy warehouse in Phoenix to the Mesa store.  Sears doesn't do that.  Neither does Ashley furniture, The Room Store or The Dump.  When they say it is in stock, it is in stock AT THAT STORE'S onsite warehouse.  I'm told that the owners of this store have 5 different franchises in the Phoenix area.  Yet they are too cheap to allocate some warehouse space and run a truck 20 miles into Phoenix to pick up thousands of dollars of merchandise they sell at their store every day. They expect their customers to pick up their freight costs.   I told the sales lady that, although I didn't want to beat up on her, I wanted her bosses to know that I think that's a pretty cheesy way to do business and I will not by anything from a store that operates like that.  Her answer?  "Well, that's what they charge us to bring it in to our location  We have to make a profit, you know."   And do they really expect their customers to believe that they aren't making a pile of money on a chair that sells at those prices?   My point is, why would I want to buy a recliner that may go as high as $1600 and then pay their freight costs?  Pretty weak.
4	We bought two recliners and enjoyed the buying/sales experience.  Our sales team was 'team' Traci and Frank, both of whom were low-key but knowledgeable.  They let us go to consider other stores and welcomed us back.  I pushed some on the price and got some minor relief on the 'sale' price, all the time having a low-pressure and pleasant experience.  The $25 charge for delivery to the store from the Phoenix warehouse rankled me a bit. so we drove to Phx with the minivan...no problem, a quick in and out.  Nice people and good quality product and a sale price...a good combination.
