1	Lukewarm food.Indifferent service.Steak full of gristle.Thank God we had a coupon and didn't pay full price.Blechhh!
1	waited 15 mins to even be acknowledged by the servers, then another 30 to get our appetizer which i could tell had been microwaved. i ordered the dijon crusted salmon and the prime rib, the salmon was very tiny  and was burnt, it did not taste good at all. the prime rib was very fatty, and bland. the entrees took about another 30 mins after i had finnaly gotten my appetizer. the waitress didnt really care if we were satisfied because she was about to get off work, she kept ignoring us and when we would ask a question about our food she would reply rudely and interrupt us and say it was almost done. i will never go back here.
2	Cabo's was closed for the night and this was the only place open. We had to wait 25 minutes before we got seated at the table but only because there was a big party ahead of us. I wasn't expecting anything spectacular so I wasn't disappointed by anything. The food is average, the service is average, the prices are cheap, and you do get what you pay for. Got the Cocktail Shrimp appetizer and the Turkey Club Sandwich off the menu, nothing fancy.
4	Looking for some tasty sweets on a Friday night you found it here. They have an assortment of cupcakes, pastries, cookies, cakes, and more on displays, one can only try to resist, at around $2-3. They also have a tasty bananas foster french toast for $7.99 and some pretty good st. louis style BBQ ribs for $13.99 full rack and $8.99 half rack.A real nice and well decorative place. You can dine at the bar area and watch tv or dine at the stylish sit down table area with giant chandelier lights over your heads.  Prices and quality are ok.I had the $9.99 kings cut of prime rib, it was a nice size one, and came with a side of veggies which wasn't cooked long enough, and mash potatoes and gravy which was ok, you have the choice of rice or bake or mash potato. Also like that they have kona coffee instead of regular coffee. Always get friendly and excellent service. Plus they're open 24/7.
3	Whenever I am in Vegas, I go here for breakfast at least once. I am glad Grand Cafe is back, Coco's was not very good.I usually get the chicken fried steak, it is amazing and I always leave full and satisfied. The service can be lacking sometimes, but I am normally not in a hurry when I eat there.
4	While I like a good bargain, I can be a bit of a food snob and am instantly skeptical when I am served a huge plate for under $8. That was my initial thinking when I sat down for breakfast at the Grand Cafe in Palace Station earlier this month, but I was glad to be proven wrong.The food here goes beyond expectations given some might dismiss Palace Station as an off-strip "budget resort", and immediately deride its restaurants. But the breakfasts at the Grand Cafe are not only delicious, but will keep you stuffed until late afternoon.I was instantly tempted by their "stacks" selection of five buttermilk pancakes that come in an assortment of flavors such as Maple Pecan, Banana Caramel, and Macadamia, Coconut and Banana for only $7.99. I eventually settled on their S'mores pancakes and was not disappointed. My dining partner tried their house specialty, Bananas Foster French Toast, which was equally priced at $7.99 and equally pleasing and gluttonous.The cafe is open 24 hours a day and serves inexpensive meals that go a bit beyond what one might expect from standard cafe fare: a soup of the day served in a sourdough bread bowl, a Turkey Cobb Roll, BBQ Beef, and a selection of tantalizing desserts from their pastry case. Not wow wow wow amazing, but at least they're trying.They also offer a number of deals such as a two-egg breakfast for $3.99, and daily lunch and dinner specials for under $8 including a Pot Roast Monday and Chicken Parmesan Thursday. Given the quality of their offerings and their value, I will definitely not shy away from these tasty bargains in the future.
3	Ugh. Don't ever let me pass by a large counter of desserts. They had a variety of sweets and pastries on display so we decided to take some home. We got a cheesecake pecan bar and a oreo bar ($2.95) and a 7layer bar ($1.95). The cheesecake pecan bar would have been the best one as the crust was good, the bar was sweet, salty and creamy but it must have been older than the other bars as there was a slight taste of the refrigerator on it. Oreo bar was more like a brownie like cake and cream cheese with some oreo on top, not very heavy on the oreo taste. 7layer was pretty good. They were cheap and decent for a late night munchie snack, but nothing I would go out of my way for.
4	Stayed at the hotel recently and tried this place and was pleasantly surprised. The food depending on what you order is average to very good depending on WHAT you order. The staff was pleasant the prices were good for those on a budget. I saw a big guy order the Macadamia pancakes (full order) and he maybe at a 1/3 because it was such a huge order. Unless you are sharing or starving order  the smaller stack. The prime rib and omelette's were good and the real deal is midnight to 6 am when they have some serious super savers on food.  .
5	Great little hidden treasure off the clutter of the Strip!!!!!
4	While you won't get pampered here, you will get excellent food at a great price. The potato crusted trout is well worth the short drive from the strip on Fridays. The other daily specials may be as good but I haven't tried them.Like many casinos, they have great specials from midnight until 6 am to keep the all night gamblers going.Every entree and all the salads are big enough for two, so think about sharing, or don't be shy about taking home half of it for later.I think of this place as a high class Waffle House, which is a great compliment from a southerner.
4	Great food, reasonable prices and super nice staff! Good for those late night grubbers, too!
4	I used to like the 4 queens open faced Turkey but the cafe makes theirs taste second rate. The presentation is high quality too. Service is good. One of my favorite restaurant to go to. Right off the I-15 on Sahara at the Palace Station.I do recommend park in the covered lot. Right from the elevator you can access the Starbucks, a gift shop and the Grand Cafe. Very nice place for the money. Not that expensive either. After all it is Las Vegas; very cold in the winter and very hot in the summer. Plus it has a security camera set up in all the levels.
5	Excellent prices for great tasting food. You get nice size portions for your money. I would definitely recommend this Restaraunt for anyone who is looking for a good meal at an affordable price.
3	While at our stay in palace station, we decided to try the cheap eatery after midnight. We ordered the all-nighter skillet (2) and 1/4 classes  cheeseburger with fries (4) for 8.- Slow service. barely anyone was there and it took about 25min to cook a over-easy eggs and 1/4 burger patty. haha-Salty! fries so salty i was getting HTN.  - Skillet itself so oily. I swear it was almost a mirror now so greasy.- crispy hash browns. yum!- Not many drunks. :)- I don't think I come here for anything else. Only their all nighter deals 12am-6am- Must have boarding pass.
3	Surprisingly decent. All the Grand Cafes have special late night menus with good deals on breakfast items like steak and eggs. Nice after a late night of drinking or gambling.
5	I've been to the Grand Cafe a few times. Every time I'm staying at the Palace Station, I have to stop by the cafe. They have great specials! If you're a boarding pass member, you even get more for your money. I came here with some friends and Brian was our server. He was patient with us and super attentive. He was friendly and awesome to converse with. He's also really cute! I ordered the open faced turkey and it was amazing. Everyone else in the group was satisfied with their meal. We had a pleasant dining experience and left a generous tip for our server. Definitely give this place a try.
3	Came here after seeing so many Stations commercials about the bananas foster french toast.  it seemed like they had invested a lot into opening these up around the company so I decided to fill my craving one Sunday.Needless to say I was very disappointed.  The French Toast was good, but it basically was just french toast with bananas on it, nothing special at all.  We did have a very funny waitress who made the experience good and kept refills coming, but I feel like they made a dish sound a lot fancier than it really was.On the plus side, they do have some killer graveyard deals, which even if the food was just normal, would still be a steal!
3	Grand cafes at the Station casinos are usually hit or miss, and this one is no exception. The service was good, however, the food was just ok...I had an omelette, which turned out alright, but the hash browns were absolutely tasteless. I guess for the price you can't really complain since everything is pretty reasonably priced. I think it was about 8 bucks for the omelette, hash browns and toast.
4	After reading reviews on Trip Advisor and Yelp, I almost passed on this restaurant (mostly because of numerous poor reviews on Yelp.  I'm very happy we decided to eat dinner here and don't know why those poor reviews exist.  The service was truly excellent and the food was certainly very good.  My wife had the open face hot turkey sandwich.  She said it was very good; the gravy was excellent.  I had the liver and onions.  Most places don't offer that, and I love it if done well, so I tried it.  The liver (all 3/4 lb of it) was cooked perfectly - done but not dry. There was a prodigious amount of sauteed onions atop the liver, again cooked perfectly with still some body to them.  The steamed vegetables were done correctly - slightly al dente.  The mashed potatoes were good, as was the mushroom gravy.  The only thing that would have made the liver better was if it were fried in bacon drippings instead of oil.  But, the two full slices of bacon on top were certainly sufficient.  During our two years of travel throughout the United States, we have discovered numerous restaurants that use far too much salt.  It was refreshing to find that I actually had to add just a little bit of salt to my dishes.  In all, this was quite the enjoyable dinner - and the prices are excellent.  Forget about the made-up poor reviews and try this place.  It's worth it.  Don't get me wrong; in Las Vegas, a true foodie city, there is nothing at Palace Station that one would consider a destination restaurant.  But, if you are nearby, or staying there, the Grand Cafe is a worthy spot to eat.
5	actually incredibly surprised this is only three stars. i was just in vegas for two weekends in a row, both my stays were at the palace station and i'd stay again just to have this cafe at my easy access. during my two trips i was probably in the cafe over 10 times for meals, snacks, and late night hot chocolate. the servers are friendly and the restaurant is large and clean. they even helped my friend and i out with gluten free options. thanks so much! will return
2	We were looking for a quick bite to eat and didn't feel like venturing too far from where we were. After texting friends where we were (they were gambling) they said they'd join us later but to go ahead and start without them. The restaurant wasn't busy when we walked in, in fact there was only 1 table occupied. This probably should've been a clue. I wasn't impressed with the food nor the service. It took awhile for anyone to realize we were waiting to be seated. There were no servers nor was anyone standing in the front. A server walked out of the kitchen area toward us, didn't greet us, probably did a mental head count and told us to follow her. She plucked the menus on the table and walked off. I wasn't impressed with my chicken Cobb salad. It tasted bitter. Don't know why and couldn't figure it out. The chicken was dry and not seasoned. On the plus side it had lots of avocado and I love avocado. I ended up picking through my salad and eating only the avocado. My friend had the prime rib and it looked pretty sorry and very unappetizing. He said it had mostly gristle, and had no flavor even after dumping the sauce on it. Maybe we came here on an off day. We ended up not finishing our meal.Our waitress didn't check on us or ask us how our meal was. Overall the meal was meh and the service was blah. I guess they'd rather have you in the casino gambling than eating. While we were walking out, my friends had finally pried themselves away from gambling to join us. Sorry you guys missed the boat but that's probably a good thing.Skip this place unless you're really desperate and dying of starvation.
4	They have deffinately gotten better, I know I said I woukd never be back but I've come a couple times, once because my mom told me they have corned beed hash (not the canned stuff like most places) so I gave it a try and omg it was amazing, so a few months after that ot was a late night and I really wanted some of that corned beef again so u came here and they totally changed up the menu and don't have my corned beef late night anymore!! I was dissapointed about that but they did have decent food still so I wasnt too upset lol I would be back anytime of the day because even tho they don't still have my corned beef the food is good and the service has gotten a lot better than before :)
3	Normally visit another Station, but we were in the neighborhood and thought we'd give Palace a try. Got hungry and opted for the cafe. Cafe food is cafe food. The chicken nachos were about what you would expect from a casino cafe. The side salad was fresh and plentiful. The iced tea was fresh brewed and some of the best I've had. Our waiter, Laju, was attentive and friendly. Had better luck at the cafe than I did in the casino, which may alter any thoughts of returning.
5	I have to go cash my check the other day at a casino and this is the one that is right down the street from my work so is this we got there we cash my check and played a little bitafter playing on multiple machines and enjoying complimentary cocktails we decided that we were hungry and craving breakfastso we gave the the cafe another shot last time I was here I had a really bad experience but it has been over a year so I figured there should be a different cook and oh boy was I correct we got the graveyard special with your players card it was a New York strip steak eggs hash browns and toast for 599the steak was cooked perfectly to order I ordered medium rare and the diner that I was with orders for food very special and they met all of her weird and Corky requests without question will definitely be going back to enjoy the graveyard specials all you need is your players card
3	My basketball friends and I went here after hoopin at tarkanian. If you sign up for a players card you can be eligible for the after midnight menu. $0.99 pancakes, biscuits and gravy, $2 1/2 lbs burger n fries, $6 steggs, etc.. Pretty good deal and food is not that bad. I like their steak n eggs here better than south point actually. terrible service tho. My friend requested to have his eggs on the side and she said she wouldn't do it lol. Rude much? Then he also asked for more powdered sugar and she made a remark "you need more than what's on it?" never got refills. She gave us the bill right after she dropped the food and never saw her again. it's cheap eats but service doesn't have to be. We still gave her a great tip and maybe she'll treat us better next time.
4	Located in the Palace Station.  One of my favorite places for comfort food!  We came here for breakfast/lunch and decided to split our dishes. We ordered the value skillet at $3.99 which was plentiful and the prime rib dip which was humongous!  Both were good and filled us up.  They give you lots of fries.
1	Sat down for breakfast, a huge grasshopper, (size of a iphone) jumped near our table, waitress took care of it and said oh, we get a lot of these but none this big. Just gross, how many grasshoppers is normal at breakfast? Then a huge moth flew by ... gross just gross ... Only highlight were the syrupy pancakes ....
3	My sis had comps for the AYCE Grand Cafe (buffet) over at Palace Station.We arrived a little after breakfast and just before lunch. I guess this is what those clever folks call..brunch. I'm not a frequent buffet person, but felt like this was the best time to show up; It seemed as if they had just transitioned from breakfast and had started lunch with plenty of fresh food being placed in the buffet area.There were high's, and of course there were lows. The low's.. which I'll bang out right away were the pizza, hot dogs and chicken. All looked like food that has been sitting underneath a heat lamp for a full day. Cardboard like pizza, hot dogs are in water and the chicken was mixed.. good and bad pieces all in one tray. Aside from that, they had a nice selection of foods ranging from fresh salads, fresh fruits, burgers, egg rolls, dumplings, orange chicken, honey baked ham, turkey, sausage and so on. The highlights after digging through quite a bit of food had to be the honey baked ham (sweet, moist n' tender), sausage (juicy, salty and a little fatty), mashed potatoes (buttered, salted and smooth texture) stuffing (it was stuffing so..) and buttered corn. They have a chef right behind this counter ready to slice and dice you up some meat. The dessert area isn't necessarily my thing.. but they had bun cakes, bread pudding, chocolate brownies, cookies and more. I grabbed a simple soft serve vanilla cone which was a nice topper.Although nothing was truly out of this world, for a buffet, this free meal filled me up and most of what I ate was fresh and had flavor.  Grand Cafe came through.
1	Slow as hell! Plenty of vacant booths and tables yet there was a wait? ?!?  Opted for take out which was and extra  $1.00 charge
