5	This, as far as I know, is the newest addition to the family of malls here in Charlotte.  It is a very impressive structure, not as large as some other malls, but with just as much selection. It has a 14 screen movie theater, which rocks, and is home to the only Hot Topic I've seen in this town.  You can really have a lot of fun here especially since it has a lot of the same stores as South Park, but with lower prices.  Seriously, I spoiled myself with a bottle of really nice foundation from Sephora in South Park for $40 and a few months later my friend bought a bottle of the same brand at North Lake for $32.  Anyway, it's a very nice mall with a lot to offer.
4	A steadily-improving area that has made an effort to be different from the malls that have nothing but acres and acres of flat asphalt parking lots surrounding the building. The landscaping leading to the front entrance can lead to a bit of confusion to first time shoppers, but its nice to see some greenery in the general vicinity.The mall building itself is two-stories and, while not huge, has a good number of popular stores including Dick's Sporting Goods, Macy's, Abercrombie, Banana Republic, J. Crew, Lane Bryant, Victoria's Secret and restaurants like The Grape wine bar, Bravo! Italiana and Firebirds Grill.A growing number of restaurants and other stores fill in the area outside of the mall, including PF Chang's, Olive Garden and Chili's.The mall also sports a 14-screen movie theater on the west side.Doors are open 10am-9pm Mon-Sat and 12-6pm on Sundays.
4	I think this mall is a great alternative to the inevitable South Park. I forget it's there even though my house is equidistant between South Park and North Lake, but this spot is much better. The stores are less swanky, of course, but I get depressed with the swankiness of South Park. I can't afford all the bright and shinies, so it's just sad to look at them.It's a fairly new establishment as well, so everything is clean and new and nice. The Macy's often has good sales, and I've found the movie theater to be one of the nicest around town. I also like Firebirds Grill and PF Chang's, so it's convenient to shop and pick up something good for dinner.
3	This is a decent mid-sized mall with most of what you could need in a quick trip...   Sephora, Pottery Barn, Anthropologie, The Children's Place, Banana Republic, Victoria Secret, Bath and Body Works etc.  The Macy's at Northlake is quite small, however, and doesn't carry any higher end brand jeans like Joe's or Seven's etc... just fyi.   So if you're looking for that or for a much better, larger selection overall ... head down to South Park which includes a Neiman's, Crate and Barrel, Louis Vuitton, Burberry, Apple store, Nordstroms and the like...
3	This mall is sort of a hybrid- the upper level is upscale (approaching SouthPark, but less selection and not as pricey), and the bottom level is approaching Eastland (semi-"urban" stores and clientele).The inside is attractive, and the sit-down restaurants are good, but for serious shopping, if you have the time and money, drive to SouthPark, and if you don't have money, head to Eastland.
3	This mall somewhat confuses me.  It's half South Park and half Carolina Place.  It just doesn't really have a niche.  You have an upscale wine bar "The Grape" across from Aldo Accessories.  Kind of a mismatch.I used to go there all the time because it was the closest to my house and it's fine, but nothing spectacular.  The movie theater is good and they have $5 movies during the week so that's a huge plus. You can always go in and find something whenever you are looking for a gift and I'm a fan of the Borders there.  A perk is all the surrounding strip malls that have Target, Old Navy, Best Buy etc. right there together.  I do wish there were more unique restaurants in the area.  It's like a huge chain conglomerate.  I know that Charlotte in general isn't good with the non-chain restaurants, but if someone would put a couple here they might work out!  It gets really boring when there is just Red Robin, TGI Fridays and Chili's around during a day of shopping.  I know there are others, but nothing special!
3	Decent mall. It's clean. Possibly because it's still relatively new (?) A variety of shops.  Not really high end, but not really ghetto either. It has a Belk, Macy's and Dillards as their department stores. And there is also a Dick's sporting goods store, food court and AMC movie theater. There is a great sitting area where there are tons of arm chairs and couches to sit on and people watch right next to the starbucks. I give it a 4 only because I've been to better malls, but I've definitely been to worse ones. This is a bit above average.
3	Northlake is like South Park's eager sibling who wants nothing more than to be like her big sister. And like that little sister, Northlake actually puts up a good show. It sports mid to high end stores, though they are not quite as posh. I has a clean, well maintained, comfortable interior, but it doesn't make you feel quite as insignificant as South Park sometimes does.  It has the traditional overexcess of parking, but even on a Saturday afternoon 2 weeks before Christmas I had no trouble finding a spot near the door.I like Northlake, really I do. I swoon my way through Pottery Barn & Z Gallery, contemplate gifts at Coldwater Creek & Anne Taylor Loft (and even Brooks Brothers, but my gift giving pocket isn't quite that deep). I can't help but feel like there are somethings they need to correct though. I have never seen a mall without a single music store. Y'all need to get on that. Also, your only Starbucks is one, generally overwhelmed kiosk near the Meet Santa/the Easter Bunny court. i anticipate all of those Star-ployees are going to have had a nervous breakdown by Christmas-end.I will go back to Northlake, but I'm holding off on calling it my go-to mall.
3	I'm really not big on malls at all.  Maybe it is just how bad Concord Mills is, but maybe this is an OK mall if such a thing exists.  I had a coupon to get a free coffee from Border's cafe so I had to find the nearest one.  I was glad to see that this mall was bright and new looking.  Seemed to be a good range of standard and faux upscale stores like Guess and Sephora (not for me :P). It is a real pain to get in and out of the parking lot.  They have everyone channeled into a small narrow entrance.  Better go during the off-peak hours or get good and cutting people off and making illegal u-turns.
4	I think Charlotte is underserved with only three malls, but of all three, Northlake is probably the best bet for mid-level retailers in a decent setting  South Park is out of my league and Carolina Place seems more and more crowded these days. Turning off 485 and immediately having to turn into the mall parking lot is a nightmare on busy weekends, as well as navigating the crowded corridors.North Lake mirrors Carolina Place in that it offers the same retail chains or their equivalents.  No big secrets here, just run-of-the-mill mall clothers and none of the high-end hoopla of South Park.  Sadly, it seems that Carolina Place has absorbed the remaining low-end clothing retailers that left Eastland last year.  The other major difference lies in the fact that Northlake has a cinema, Fossil, and a Borders, while Carolina Place has a Barnes and Noble and JC Penney.  I still think the Northlake is the best bet because there is a Target nearby (might as well lump all the shopping venues together) and some nicer restaurants (notably PF Chang and Firebrids).  P.S. Don't waste your time at Starbucks!  The cafe in Borders is far better.
3	I am not a mall shopper by any stretch of the imagination.  For that matter, I am not much of a shopper of any kind.  Back in the day, I would go to the mall one Saturday, a few weeks before Christmas and do all my shopping on that one day for everyone on my list.  Yes, everyone.  Jealous much?Now, about the only time I go to the mall is when I drop off the kids for a movie.  Other shopping is completely in and out - I rarely linger for any reason whatsoever.  And when I do, I do not want to drive all the way across town to do so - so if I go, it is probably not going to be to Northlake since it is so far away.Even with all of that, I rarely frequent Northlake.  I think I have been three times.  Ever.  So for alternatives, there are three major indoor malls in the Charlotte area: Carolina Place, Concord Mills and SouthPark (at least since The Bridges has been delayed time and time again, we likely will not see more for a while).Anyone with sense will avoid Concord Mills most of the year.  Carolina Place is not a bad mall, though it is a stretch for some because of the location.  SouthPark is decently located, but can get pricey.  So Northlake makes sense, and is a good size with decent stores, but every time I have been, it is close to empty.  That can be good or can be bad.  Frankly, I am amazed that they can keep the doors open.  Only time will tell.
3	Northlake is fine as malls go with a decent selection of stores, the typical foodcourt full of crap and some ok-ish anchor restaurants. If you are looking for anything specialty or different though you better haul your butt down to Southpark. Or better yet, catch a cheap flight to NYC. The entry/exit to the mall parking and surrounding satellite stores/restaurants is convoluted at best so take care you don't get in a fender bender and try to limit the $&@(&-@!!! you do when you find yourself driving around in circles when all you really want is some darn hot and sour soup from PF Changs  :/
3	Whoever built a mall at the corner of 77 and WT Harris Blvd has probably since been fired.  It deserves only two stars, but one extra is being awarded because it is by far the least crowded big mall in or near Charlotte.  It was slow before The Great Recession, and is still slow.  No longer can the recession be blamed for lack of business because if I go to Carolina Place, South park, or Concord Mills, I can't find a parking spot on the weekend.  This mall isn't even busy at Christmas time!  I think they may have been banking on 485 opening to the mall - which it did 3 years ago, but that hasn't helped business either.It has your typical stores, most of which it shares with Carolina Place, and an AMC Theater which is only accessible from outside the mall (very odd for a mall theatre).  The food court is typical as is the mandatory Starbucks.  I do like that the main restrooms near the food court have waterless urinals - those things are awesome.There also some decent restaurants like Bravo's but I generally don't go to a mall to go to restaurant.  The anchor stores are oddly placed - like Dillard's at the far end of the mall.  Most Dillard's are slow, so they don't need anything to hinder their business (hint - if you can't find a place to park at a mall and it has a Dillard's, there will usually be places to park).  The mall also a cool "man zone" type place.  They have a couple of TVs with sports so you can watch tv while the significant other shops.  Northlake isn't too bad for being a mall, but it's average at best.
4	Not a mall person by any means, but this mall is nice.  It's well kept and has a nice mix of store selections.The food court has a good mix places, including your normal fasties: a Subway and Chick-fil-a and there are some big name restaurant chains like Firebirds or Bravo! if you are looking to spend more $$ on the food experience. The mall itself reminds me of an old warehouse, but obviously nicer... the wooden slat ceiling gives me the impression of an old timey railway station with interior brick columns.  I definitely appreciate the architecture of the building and the fact there are ample places to rest your rear end (especially if you aren't quite a "shop till you drop" person).
3	This mall is laid out better than others in the area, but the stores aren't really the best selection for the area.
4	Being that it is the closest indoor mall to my house, I visit Northlake Mall from time to time.  Outside of the holidays, it is a nice place to walk around and window shop.  If you are in the mood for spending money, this is the place to go.  In my case, I enjoy a good sale and I did not see too many today.  Weekdays will provide a more calming shopping experience.  Weekends and holidays can sometimes become  unmanageable.  Overall, a good experience.  Note - take a moment to observe the artwork engraved into the brick above the food court near the windows - absolutely beautiful!
3	When I have no desire to go alllll the way to Southpark Mall, I come here to Northlake Mall" especially now that they have an Apple store.The stores I frequent here most are Macy's, Dillards & Apple.Their food court is decent, has a lot of offering for picky eaters.The movie theatre is nice, again, more convenient location for me.I like that it's clean, bright & inviting. Having the "children supervision" rule is a plus.The parking lot situation is a pain...especially getting in & out of the mall itself.  I'm happy with the easy on / easy off access to I-77.
3	I was pleased with this mall for the most part. It's a decent size and has some nice stores in it. There are quite a few upscale stores here, so if that's your thing you will be happy (I'm poor so that's not my thing.) The food court has a varied selection that I was surprised to see. The parking lot seemed ample and the general mall was clean. I haven't been to any other malls in the area yet so I don't really have any to compare it to. For the time being this is the mall I'll go to when I have to get something I can't find in Huntersville, but I won't be going out of my way to go back.
3	I like to shop and occasionally I like to go to a Mall to do so.  I hadn't been to Northlake in some time but I decided to venture out there over my holiday break.  Nothing fantastic about the mall, typical with teenagers running amuck, standard crowd and typical anchor stores.  The traffic in and around this place can get kind of hectic though.  Food court was a little sub par in my opinion but there are some decent places to eat around the perimeter of the place so that will suffice.  A very meh mall.
3	This is a super mall and the closest one to me living Uptown.  Yes it is very very busy but I love the variety of shops - many big names PLUS they have a Firebirds right in the mall!  Fantastic!  I love eating options when I shop (NON-food court!  bleh!).  There is a movie theatre attached also which is a big benefit to me.  I like to go to one place and get several things done.The Christmas displays are fantastic and I LOVE that Starbucks is right in the center of everything on the bottom level.  Perfect location for that much needed pick-me-up.They even have a Forever 21!  Yes - if you need a cheap top or last minute jewelry, it is worth dodging the tweens for a bargain.  Great place to shop!  :-D
3	It beats South Park on ease of getting in and out.. The End. It's a mall! At least it's not as dumpy as Gastonia or something.. Be on the lookout for the next drug sting.. Seems like the place is always on the news for some drug/gang related activity.. You asked for a review.. I provide... Honestly..
2	My wife and I were going to a movie here and decided to leave a little early to grab  bite to eat and roam the mall.As malls go, I guess its o.k. I'm not a mall person and they really don't build malls with "guy stores". This mall as with any other has mutiple stores of the same type just under another name. I mean really, how many Bath and Body Work's type stores does one mall need?My wife roams the stores getting ideas for our home, then buys whats she needs else where, cheaper. About 5-10 minutes is about all I can stand in these mall stores before I exit and find a place in the mall to sit down.I have no reason at all to return to this mall except to use the theater to see a movie.
4	Two floors of shopping bliss. Personally, I only come to malls if I have an objective. For example, I'm looking for jeans that are okay quality and sort of within my budget or maybe I'm looking for some express polos. And if you're not a shopper, there's a movie theater, Barnes and nobles, and well the food court! The choices at the food court is what you would find usually in malls. Chick-fil-a, Great Steak (if i'm really craving for a fast Phily Cheese), Panda Express, etc. Of course, if you want to shell out a little more cash you can always go outside of the mall and right around the corner there are tons of different types of restaurant for your choosing. Inside the mall, the last time I came I went to go buy dress shoes at Clark's (you can read my review there) and I got what I needed. Another great thing about Northlake is that there is one massive Apple Store (second one in Charlotte) and what's great about it is it's closer to me than South Park's, which is usually packed with people. If you do come here you have to check it out because there's a good amount of space in this one and as long as you're not tempted in buying a Mac, you're all good.Overall, this mall is easy to understand two floors and it's just a line. Plenty of bathrooms, and every type of store you desire (except it's not like Concord and South Park with the super expensive stores). I personally don't mind this mall and I will be an avid visitor because of AMC.
4	I really like this mall. It isn't overcrowded like Concord Mills and parking usually isn't an issue. Their indoor playground is really nice for kids. It is clean and all the way at the end of the mall by Dillards, so it's not like you are right in the middle of the chaos of mall shoppers. The playground is quite large and there is only one way to get in/out......if you have teeny tiny kids you won't have to worry about them jetting all the way to the back of the playground and darting out into the mall. They have a HUGE Dick's Sporting Goods store (2 floors) so there is something for the husbands to do while we shop. NYC and Co usually has great deals going on, as well as Ann Taylor Loft. The Macy's is very clean and well organized, as is Dillards. Food court is a little boring (they have like 4 Asian places) but there is a Subway, Chick Fil A and a few other well known cheapie places to eat. Overall, I really like the Northlake Mall.
3	Not the best mall in Charlotte, but it's very convenient for the northsiders as it has all the basic stores just not the best selections.......so it's something for everyone but it's my go to mall when shopping for my son.  I'm hopeful that at some point the anchor stores start carrying better selections but until then I'll still have to ride out to Southpark for the best selections...I am quite happy about the opening of the Apple store.
3	Its a mall!  That really should be my review and thats it.  It is not overpriced like Southpark which is good, though its not that big.  I really like Dick's Sporting Goods in here and Dippin Dots! Other than that, it's 2 floors, parking can be brutal on the weekend, and there are stores. Yup, its a mall.
4	I don't really make it on this side of town that often but this mall is definitely a nice addition. It's a good mix of stores department and specialty as well as a really large and nice movie theatre.The food court offers a great variety of options and there are several good restaurants nearby including Mimi's Cafe, Bravo's and Chilis. Overall, it makes for a pleasant shopping experience!
4	I think that Northlake Mall can hold it's own against South Park Mall.  It has the major department stores:  Macy's, Belk, Dillards, Dick Sporting Goods, etc. but it also has specialty stores inside such as Brookstone (which I hear is seasonal) and Sephora.  Nice food court w/different variety of options.  It used to have a Boarders Book Store but it closed down when the chain went bankrupt and so far they haven't put anything in it's place.  All in all it's a pretty good mall and I like the fact that it's close to other shopping venues...Super Target, Best Buy, Lowes Home Good, and Off Broadway Shoes.  Also, there's restaurants to eat at surrounding the mall:  TGIF, On The Boarder, and Red Robin.  So you can see that there is plenty to do in this area and that's why I like coming to shop here!
5	Really like this mall!  Very clean and good collection of stores and restaurants.  Parking can be a challenge as the front section is fairly small, but there's always plenty of spots around back.  Quick eats in the food court, and excellent sit-down restaurants up front.
3	The Northlake Mall is a fairly big mall with lots of shops. As a guy the only down side it they are mostly women's clothing stores. The book store that use to be in the mall shut down. The mall is clean and has a decent food court. If you need clothing this is the place to go. If you are looking for electronics or gadgets you are better off going to the best buy across the highway.
3	It's a decent mall selection... I don't make the trip out there often because as the boyfriend's sister would say, "It's not in my circle." lol It has clearly been a while since I have been here because the one thing that did immediately stand out to me was the absolutely gigantic Forever 21 store... In its old location downstairs, there is the new Pink and Blue store... I find it hit or miss in there... I figured they just took Forever 21 out since I didn't see it downstairs, but they moved it on the upper level and I swear the place feels like it is three or four stores long... I was impressed by the organization and overall vibe of the store...  Actually, I didn't stay as long as I wanted...  It was a Saturday, so it was kind of crowded, but that's to be expected... I'm going back on Thursday and I cannot wait... One of the things that did kind of irk me about this place is that the restrooms were not clearly indicated... Or maybe I just didn't know where to look... I kept seeing alcoves, but I didn't see a sign visible from the walking hall... I only saw signage hanging above the opening... When I finally found it, there was a line three people long... That's par for the course on the weekends, so it wasn't a big problem... I just walked to the nearest anchor store and found one there... I'd recommend that...
3	Do not, I repeat, do NOT go to the nail salon next to Dillard's. Very horrible service, they do not listen to you, they do a horrible polish job and of course the typical Vietnamese gossip the whole time which is very annoying.
4	I have no general complaint of this mall, the only downer is the food court. There is not really any good food option here...I'd say the selection is worse than other malls. Chick fila, showmars, 2 Asian places(Maki of Japan and Yeung's), a taco bell is opening up, Sborro italian pizza place, great steak company.This mall is my second go to mall in charlotte other than northlake. It is very clean, ample parking spaces. I love the seating area outside of starbucks, which is located at the center of the mall on the first floor. It's a great spot to rewind with a nice ambiance.I frequent Anthroplogie, Banana Republic, J crew. All of these stores have amazing customer service. The anthroplogie at this mall is larger than the south park location. There is also a barnes and noble here, which is awesome because the bookstore attached to southpark is closed down. There seems to always be a lot of police and survaillance at this mall, not sure why but I guess that is a sign to be more careful to conceal anything valuable in the car.
5	Perfect blend! Not as over priced as Southpark and not nearly as crowded as Concord Mills. Great selection and a beautiful mall!
4	I really like this mall.  There are a wide variety of stores that are affordable for most people.  I usually go to Northlake if I am in the mood for serious shopping, but go to Southpark if I need something for a special occasion or am just looking around.  Northlake has a movie theater attached to it and there are also a lot of surrounding shops and restaurants.  The food court is nothing spectacular, but a Taco Bell is supposed to opening soon.  Haagen Dazs moved out and I was a little disappointed to hear about that since I love Haagen Dazs!One more thing... over tax free weekend I was at Northlake and the fire alarm went off.  The cashier at the store I was in said " this always happens on tax free weekend."  I am guessing that some random kid pulled the fire alarm.  I have also heard that customers under 18 are not allowed to walk around without an adult.  I feel like this is a little excessive.  If I were to add something to this mall it would be a Nike store or a home ware/ Pier 1 type of store.
5	I absolutely love this mall. I worked in this mall, too, but don't worry I'm not biased at all. The variety of stores is the reason I would frequent this mall, from Macy's to Torrid, there's a store for all shapes and sized. Hot topic, Bath and Body works are among my favorites. Now the H&M!You can easily spend a day in this mall and not be bored at all. It's usually quiet which is why I gave it 5 starts. Most malls I go to are filled with teenage hipsters and loud families, but usually when I come here it's quiet and a great mall shopping experience. The food court is great too, there are so many great restaurants.. I always check out the Showmar's though. You can't go wrong with a gyro. All in all, I'd say that Northlake is one of my favorite malls to go to in the Charlotte area. There are plenty of things to do. Check it out!
4	I love the fact that this mall is never super crowded. I can literally park by Macy's and run in and run out if I need something specific. H&M is a great new addition as well. This mall has all types of varies stores, a great clientele (not a lot of high schoolers running around and not too many huge families that are loud and annoying), and an AMC theatre that is pretty nice. The only thing I hate (and this is malls in general in the South) is that they close SOOO early.
4	During my visit to Charlotte, I can say that this was probably my favorite mall. They had most of my favorite stores, and the selection in all of them was great. But really, they have a good selection of stores - places to satisfy every shopper's needs.It's not as busy as other malls, like Concord Mills, but for me, that was a good thing. I hate malls that are super hectic with people everyone, and kids running around and getting all haywire. I just like to walk around without bumping into someone every other minute, and just get my shoppin' on. It's also not as expensive as South Park, so there are a lot more stores that are in most people's price ranges.Parking was easy, lots of spaces. The food court has a decent selection of food. All in all, one of the better malls in the area!
4	Crowded? Yes! But not as crowded as some other malls - ex: Southpark and Concord Mills.I mean its a mall, so within the general mall area you are going to find most of your major box stores and chain restaurants.  For example, there is a Dick's Clothing and Sporting Goods directly attached to the mall and there is a Best Buy in the shopping plaza directly across the street.Parking can be tricky if you get stuck on the wrong side of the mall.  I do not recommend parking near Dick's or Bravo!  Drive around to the other side and park near the Dillard's or near the AMC movie theater.  There are plenty of stores with plenty of variety for every member of the family.  There are plenty of athletic clothing and shoe stores in Northlake mall for the sporting nut like myself.  In contrast there are also plenty of girly stores like Foreever 21.  Last think I want to say about Northlake - they don't have the best prices, and I learned that first hand while Christmas shopping recently.  Stores like Coach at Concord Mills have much greater sales and variety than the Coach at Northlake.  So if you are looking for the best deals, Northlake may not be the mall for you.
3	Great store variety could be better but so far the best mall in the area, The stores are pretty spread out and there is an area where you have some "questionable stores( not big name)" Outside of Belk the customer service in the mall is sub par and The enviorment isnt to inviting, they should really invest in some mall music or something.
4	A pretty typical retail mall with the usual anchor stores at different points of the mall - Dillard's, Macy's, Belk, Dick's Sporting Goods. Plus an assortment of much smaller shops on two levels. The floors are clean, the hall is brightly lit and there is plenty to look at as you walk from shop to shop, supporting the local and global economies.Standard food court entries with ticks in the boxes for vaguely asian chicken, pizza, Taco Bell and the like. It's not awesome but it's a food court.A point off because the mall is not quite lined up with the access roads, making it necessary to do a lot of turns and wide curves to get to the parking areas.
3	Your average shopping mall.I'm not a big fan of malls in general but if I have to go to one, Northlake is a top contender.It's not as busy nor stuck up as South Park but the stores are similar.The main reason I give such a low rating is because the food court SUCKS.Most malls have large selection of food options. Concord's got Popeye's and Firehouse, Four Seasons has a decent sized court, and so does Carolina Place. However, Northlake has your average Sbarro, Great Steak etc. and not much out.I'm big on health scores and when I saw the scores at Northlake I was like nope.....I will never eat there again.One positive thing is that they do have a Dippin' Dots STOREFRONT, not just a little kiosk. This is the only one I've ever seen.
3	Nice mall and some nice stores. Lots of good chain food to eat in the area as well
3	I like the mall and they have some good local fast food restaurants in the area. Its a good local mall with many stores.
3	Quiet, clean mall but very limited stores.  The food court has just a few restaurants  but clean.  There is an Apple store,  Coach,  Macy's Dillard's,  and a small Starbucks.  My family and I usually go to Southpark mall and we  love it.
3	Typical Mall with All of the AmenitiesThis is the closest enclosed Mall to where we live with Macy's, Belk's, Dick's and Dillard's  as major anchors.  My wife laments the fact that they don't have a Penney's as an anchor and for that, she has to drive to Carolina Place Mall another 20 miles down the road.We're down to the Mall generally two or three times a month normally shopping at either Macy's or Dillard's or dining at either Firebird's or Bravo Cucina, both of which are favorites.Pleanty of parking and generally not a problem except during the Holiday's but that is true for all malls.The Mall is very well maintained and unlike some of the older malls in the area, all of the spaces are occupied. No problem getting tenants for this location.
3	The name Northlake mall is misleading. The lake isn't that close. And there is no real lake in the neighborhood. That's the first thing I noticed so I thought I'd make that clear first thing here.The mall has a lot of mid-range shops including Belk, H&M, and a smaller Macy's with linited inventory.  But it does serve its purpose as a mall. You can buy consumer products, grab a quick bite at the food court, watch a movie, maybe win a car showcased inside the mall, get coffee at starbucks, dine out at an Italian restaurant in the mall.The best part of this mall are the shops around the mall. There's a decent neighborhood nearby. So Target, Wendy's, TGI Friday's, Bestbuy, Amerca's Best, PF Chang, and even a hotel surround the mall.Atmosphere-wise, it's a typical mall. Not too crowded, not overrun by teenagers who have nowhere else to go, not dominated by a single race/group etc. The only weird thing is the location. It's really an inbetween spot. There's the Southpark mall for down/uptown and Myers/Southpark ppl, Concord for the peoole up on the northeast. So naturally you'd think this mall would better serve the coty if it were on the northwest but it's right on top of the city. I'd say the lake norman area had something to do with it. Hey, the more near me, the better for me.
4	I'm not very girly. I don't love to shop. I get overwhelmed at malls. That being said, out of all the Charlotte area malls, this is the one I prefer. SouthPark is too fancy (hey, I want to shop in sweatpants). Concord Mills and Carolina Place are both a haul for me (unless I'm in those areas. If I have to go to the mall, Northlake is my go-to spot. It's a mall. All the normal chains and usual suspects here. There's finally an H&M. Funny how we went from zero H&Ms to three just like that. There are rocking chairs all over the place. As comedian Josh Wolf would say, it looks like Cracker Barrel designed your mall. It's pretty easy to get in and out of this mall. Super convenient off of I-77. However, don't attempt during the evening rush hour. 77 North can be a headache. There are also a lot of restaurants (PF Changs, Olive Garden, Etc) and stores surrounding the mall area itself. A giant Super Target is just 5 minutes away.
3	It's a big mall.Anchored by Belks...very nice.I like the AMC Theater, easy access from outside and inside the mall.
