5	Amazing place  - great food, beer, service!  I had no idea that this place even existed.  I love cold beer and this place had crisp, cold glasses and good food.    When I bike up in Cave Creek I am stopping here.
5	This is the best restaurant experience you will ever have. The food, the atmosphere, the service is the best in the West. My husband and I eat here today  We can't get enough of the most delicious entrees and apetizers. We want to thank the owner Stefan, and the staff for making everyone so comfortable from the minute we walk in the door.
5	I went to Heaven's Kaffee on there soft opening and their limited menu wasn't what I saw on line. They had a smaller version of what they show on their web site but the food was Heaven. So delicious. I had the beef tenderloin roll and my husband had the gyro sandwich(his all time favorite sandwich since I have known him for over 40 years) I told him not to order is because I know they wouldn't make it right. He wanted fries but I said "NO!" Not aloud "Greek salad-dressing, on the side" We were brought: Gyro, Greek salad. kraut cakes, mashed potatoes, purple cabbage(so delicious), beef roll, potato waffle with bacon maple syrup. mashed potatoes, mushroom gravy, and also fries. Paid a little over thirty dollars. Was a great deal. We will defiantly be back.
5	Food is good and staff are friendly. It has been consistently good and we will be back more often.
2	I was excited that this place opened, since there's a myriad of Mexican and BBQ places in Cave Creek but nothing with Greek food. I ordered a gyro--not the platter, mind you, but the sandwich. It came with thin fries which were very good. The gyro was pretty good too.  However, I can't see paying $13.00 for this (I've tried every gyro place in the Phoenix area too). If they don't lower their prices, they will go out of business.On a side note, the decor inside is very nice, but the signage and building need improvement.  The sign is so hard to read, it was difficult to see that it was a restaurant.
5	We tried this place out while we were visiting my parents in Cave Creek. There were 8 of us and they sat us almost immediately. I had the rouladen which was to die for. It was so good I asked the server if I could have another one just as a side order - no problem at all. My wife had the gyros which see said repeatedly that it was the best gyros she has had.This place makes you feel at home and it is to comfortable. We stayed there for almost 3 hours.Thank you Heaven's K!
5	I heard good things about this place from a friend who stopped in for lunch recently, so after a hike in Cave Creek, my roommate and I were starving and noticed the 25% off first order offer for checking in on yelp and decided to give it a try. Since I had been there before when it was another restaurant, the first thing I noticed was the new decor which is welcoming, comfortable and casual classy. We sat at the bar and were promptly greeted by the bartender. The menu was very interesting. We ordered 4 items to share. The Greek Salad, Gyro Platter, Brat Sliders and Kraut Cakes. Everything was delicious and service was great. I highly recommend the grapefruit infused beer! After lunch the owner came out to say hello and ask how our experience was. He was very pleasant and I wish him luck with his place. We will be back!
5	Went back for more. The beef rouladen is to die for. I just cant get enough of it. They treat us so good over here.
5	I returned with some friends for lunch. We all thought the food was excellent. The meat lasagna was the best I have ever had anywhere. Not kidding! It tasted like it was fresh baked for me, but I don't know how they could make it in less than fifteen minutes. It arrived fresh and hot. My girlfriends tried it and they loved it as well and wished they had ordered it. They did love their food as well. Greek salad A+++! The service wasn't great but I still give it 5 stars. I know it is a new restaurant and good help is so hard to find. We all agreed to return and tell our friends.
3	I don't understand all the good reviews.  I too was excited to see an option in Cave Creek that wasn't Mexican, pizza, or bar food.  We ordered the gyro plate and sauerbraten.  Both were "meh" at best, no seasoning and way overpriced.  If the want hot make it here they will need to up the food quality, lower the prices or, ideally both.
5	Don't let the window paint or a hop, skip ans jump drive to Cave Creek scare you off. This isn't a fly by night place. The white table linens inside set the stage for a elegant, memorable meal.  And let me just tell you, don't leave the building without trying the brat sliders! The wine list is supple. The staff is friendly. Humble, cozy place. The band on a Saturday night, a nice touch. A little loud, but made for something different.  And the menu was different. A little bit of Italian, Greek and German. I wanted for more options but apparently an expanded menu is in the works. And we cannot breakfast Wow! Still, the Cuban sandwich and just my size skinny fries were off the chart! Overall, a surprisingly good, worldly, experience. We are eager to go back and bring friends.
1	Service is friendly but slow. Understaffed...food was okay but pretty bland. Cheesecake was awful. We will not be back.
2	It was so-so. Pros - pork schnitzel was very good, decor was charming. Cons - they forgot our appetizer, the potatoes were bland and they left us stranded waiting for the check for 15 mins (they did comp us dessert for forgetting our app). Was not that impressed.
4	I had to yelp this place before trying it. From the sign and exterior, I guessed it was a biker bar or something. Don't let the ugly exterior (it's not really their fault, there isn't much you can do with it) turn you off. The interior is MUCH better than the outside. The food was good! I had the Italian sandwich, hubby had the cuban sandwich, and kiddo had a burger. The fries are a little weird...itty, bitty, shoe string. Leaves you confused as to how to eat them, hands or fork? Tiramisu was really good. I'd like to think that I'll branch out and try something else next time. But, I'll probably order the same thing. Yum!
