3	This place is not too far from the east side of Madison.  The place is a great break from a place like Pedro's, Loredoes or Fridas.The food is really authentic, usually served hot,quick and is not too hard on the budget.  The menu has a great selection and very user friendly.  If you have to kids along they have things like burgers and fries.  The drinks are not outrageously priced, they have specials throughout the week.  I absolutely love the margaritas. The service is sub-par.  The waitstaff is very friendly, but they are not too attentive.  That is too bad, I would give them a five for sure if it wasn't for the service.The place is very cozy, but not small.  You can enjoy your company and have a great conversation without overly loud music or being interrupted too much.I would encourage you to try this place, but make sure to order water with your drink, you might finish your drink before the server gets back to you. haha:)  The food is great and very authentic. I do go back, I just know what to expect from La Tolteca and I enjoy my time there.
3	Solid 3 stars for Mexican food that is infinitely more authentic than Sun Prairie's Taco Bell and Burracho's Grill on the other end of town.  The prices are reasonable.  The dining area is teeny tiny, somewhere in the neighborhood of about 7 tables.  Around dinner time there is a line out the door.  The place is pretty popular.  Take out is available and good, but I suspect that the food would actually be a bit better if one were to dine in instead.  I wish I had something funny and witty to say at this point that is somewhat relevant to this restaurant but I don't.  So I'll leave you with this quote from Lord Byron:"Nothing can confound a wise man more than laughter from a dunce."
4	It is really hard to find decent mexican food in the madison area.  We come here often as a family.  My four year old loves the taco and rice and beans kids meal, my 7 year old loves the half order of nachos, my husband loves the carne asada and I love the California Burrito withe steak.  The only reason they don't get five stars is that the service can be mediocre at times, and I refuse to give five stars to a restaurant that puts drippy nacho cheese on my burrito.  However, they are always willing to substitute real cheese for me at no extra charge.  So, if you go, and you want real cheese don't be afraid to ask!
4	I'm not a big fan of Mexican food, but these guys really know what they're doing.  The carnitas is outstanding.  The Alhambre steak plate is wonderful.  I would eat here over Pedro's or any other Madison Mexican place.  The staff is friendly, though sometimes they seem distracted.  Get there early.  It fills up quickly.  They really need to move to a bigger place.
4	Excellent food, great prices.The restaurant itself is a bit small and the service isn't the best but best Mexican food in Sun Priarie
4	Solid food, decent service, good prices.  Overall, I'm a fan.
4	Recently I've become a fan of traditional taco- the kind that comes with cilantro and onion.  The food here was quite good- the pollo taco was tasty with a nice spicy salsa!Added bonus?  LuLu provided me a sample of her personal pork Mole- YUMMY!  The sauce was extra good on the tacos!
4	Great food, great price, good selection of items as well. You really can't go wrong and won't go home hungry. We always get the queso dip with our chips. It can be busy on the oddest of nights and then sometimes the service takes a hit. But great all around. Best place for Mexican in Sun Prairie hands down.
2	I've been here 3 times now. It was good the first time, ok the 2nd time on Cinco de mayo(very busy), and just awful the 3rd time(last week). The good:-Cheap prices on beer!-Booths are cool looking.The Bad:-The waitstaff. Took your order and then disappeared.-DIRTY! Walls, floors, windows. Missing light bulbs. Enter the bathroom at your own risk. Sink barely worked and was covered in short black hairs. Scary.-My chicken torta came on store bought hamburger buns. Ummm... wha?-Food was very bland.Not sure if I will give La Tolteca another try which is disappointing, I wanted this place to be awesome but it seems that they have lost interest.
4	Might not look the best on the inside, but the food is good. Prices are cheap, portions are big, and staff is friendly.
4	La Tolteca is owned by the same people who own Aranda's in De Forest, one of our favorite places to eat when we lived there.We haven't dined in at La Tolteca yet, but we ordered our favorites from the menu for take-out and were not disappointed! The food was good, service was friendly, and the price is right.La Tolteca is the place to beat for Mexican fare in Sun Prairie!
4	Here is my take on La Tolteca in Sun Prairie:Food = 3.5 Stars.  Huge Menu, Huge Portions, Good But Not Great Food.  They have a ton of different combinations so that you can try a lot of different things.  Their lunch specials are also super cheap for what they give you.Service = 5 Stars.  The staff is always on top of things.  You can get in and out of this place in 30 minutes if you have too.  When you order a carry out it's literally done in 15 minutes.  You won't catch yourself waiting long for more chips or a refill on your soda cause they are always watching.  Overall, I say check it out!
4	I went to La Tolteca for my birthday.  We had a really fun time: the atmosphere is festive and colorful, the drinks were tasty and the food was good.  The menu is quite large, so there are plenty of dishes to choose from.  They let us make special requests (we asked for corn tortillas instead of flour), and the service was quite friendly.  I will certainly go back.
1	If I could choose zero stars, I would. The service is horrible. You have to yell or wave to get a servers attention. I only come there because the food is amazing and I work nearby. I rarely tip and if I do it is $1 because I am a nice person and feel bad. If you come here, expect amazing food and shitty service!
4	La Tolteca has become our go-to Mexican restaurant near Madison.  The selection is fantastic with great prices especially lunch specials.  Their hot salsa is fresh, hot and tasty - sometimes you eat it until your meal comes and your tongue burns the rest of the meal.  The cheese sauce for the chimichanga is very good.  The cheese dip is very cheesy and the quesadilla cheese is tasty!The service is second to none.  They are so friendly and responsive.  Also the food comes out with urgency even when it's busy.  This place I recommend to everyone because it's good.
4	The food is delicious and the prices are very reasonable. Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a tasty meal on a budget.
4	Some dishes are under $10...others slightly over.  Don't pass this place up!  I tried the Mahi Mahi Tacos, they were ok and just the right amount of food.  My husband had the Burrito Loco with Chicken.  He too thought there was just enough food and just at the right cost.  Paying extra for a side of guacamole (it was big enough for both of us to share), our dinner was about $25.  Not bad considering we asked for extra sides.
4	Had a very enjoyable meal this evening. Good service.  Ambiance was true to a Mexican restaurant.   Some of the best Mexican food we have had outside of The southwest United States.
5	We enjoy La Tolteca's comfortable atmosphere and friendly staff. The free chips  and salsa are delicious; enchiladas are great. Yes, the cheese sauce is yummy, as is the fresh guacamole. Oh, and the oversized margaritas are a definite plus.
