2	A long, long time ago in a galaxy not far from our own, this used to be a Tip-Top. The quality's never been the same since Tip-Top filed for bankruptcy and SummerWinds acquired their assets.And it's a real shame. On every occasion I've stopped at SummerWinds to browse, the employees have been both friendly and incredibly knowledgable. They've got a great selection of planters and pots, they've still got a ridiculous Tip-Top-style selection of seeds, and they have just about every soil amendment you could want. The problem is that their plants suck. For a nursery, their plants really suck. Dead, dying, and bug-molested stock sits around like it ain't no thang, and for most of their plants it's more a matter of picking something that doesn't look completely hopeless and ugly than it is something that looks good.It's completely crazy to sit here going "Yeah, SummerWinds is an awesome nursery unless you actually want plants." They've often got more variety than the big boxes do, they have a surprising selection of organic transplants (albeit with the same problems), and their prices are great... but it feels like going to the glue factory to find a derby winner.To their credit, SummerWinds does carry some higher-end stock like young trees and Monrovia-brand plants, which are (unsurprisingly) clearly very carefully cared for. But nine times out of ten I just want some nice flowers, or herbs, or vegetables, which means digging through the flats of corpsified foliage.
4	My previous review was kind of harsh. Honest, and true, and not mean-spirited, but harsh.But sometimes, just sometimes, things change for the better. Luckily for Summer Winds (and for me), this is one of those times. Let the harshness be gone!As of late they've turned things completely around from what I've become accustomed to. The awesome, friendly, knowledgeable staff are still there. But now they have awesome, living, and completely weird plants to go with them. I have never seen so many varieties of tomatoes, lettuce, or mint in a single place. If you want organic plants, there's no shortage of them here. In some cases organics are actually your only option--and at their very reasonable prices, there's no reason not to buy Summer Winds organics even if you plan on going crazy with the mad science. Summer Winds hasn't become a one-stop shop for me, but I wouldn't hesitate to send anyone there as a first stop. If you walk out of the door without having spent a dime, you're either not trying at all or you have very specific desires. At the very least you can buy an army of thousands of ladybugs for under $10. (You know you want one. I know I do.)
1	My wife and I were looking for a particular type of rose for our garden. We called this location and asked if they had it in stock and what the price was. They said they did and quoted us a price of $24.99 for a gallon sized plant. Good to go. We drive there and find the rose bush but it is listed as $44.99. So we go to the front and say that  we had called and driven 30 minutes to get this rose and we were told "Oops...sometimes the  prices on my list up front right". No sh!t Sherlock. So...will you honor the price quoted? NO. So we drove down the street to A And P Nursery on Baseline west of Lindsay and got the same size plant that they were selling for $44.99 for $16.99. Don't waste your time with these rip-off artists.
4	I'm a fan of this place so far. We tried this place out because of the Living Social deal that was going on. I went once just to check out the inventory and then about a week later I went in with my husband to purchase the plants. Unfortunately, we went a little late in the season. When I went a week before, there were so many more options! I also appreciated that I did not feel pressured to get anything as I left empty-handed the first time. That's ok though. I really appreciated the honesty of the employees there. I asked about all different plants that were suitable for growing now. They would tell me which ones were good and which ones were there because they had leftovers (but were not so good for growing now.) I also asked if they used any sprays here. Again, they were honest and said, "as you can see, the plants have wholes in them, so we're not spraying the catepillars that around" - they just pick them off. I like that they are not using chemicals to spray the plants. They did tell me that they are not sure whether or not the supplier is spraying them, although the ones that are labeled organic are for sure not. Since I'm a new gardener (or wanna be gardener), I really felt they were patient in answering all my questions. David and Jack were especially helpful.
1	Meagre selection. Terrible service. Never again.I've been a few times and have never received stellar or knowledgeable help (about what I expect from Home Depot), but they're fairly close to my house and have a larger selection of potted plants than the big boxes.This last time I went I asked for assistance from two separate associates to try and find seeds and was blown off rudely by both of them. They just shrugged, told me the seeds were in alphabetical order and walked away. I pointed out to one of the associates that the seeds weren't even close to being alphabetical, he tried to argue, pointed at the seeds, then shrugged and said "well, that's as good as it can be" and walked away. Neither associate knew if they had the seeds, nor did they know where they would be. Both were surly and rude.
5	These guys have a good selection.  Their prices are on the high end but the helpful and friendly service makes up for it.  The employees will go the extra mile to answer a question or show you a product they feel might help.  Overall good nursery.
4	Summer Winds Nursery always has the best selection and prices for starting your garden and flower beds.  I love the presentation too...it's always inviting with all their beautiful flowers, hanging baskets and the colorful pots.  We have always found a large variety of tomatoes, peppers, melons and herbs galore.  This year I also picked up a few different sunflowers for my flower bed, not the usually flowers you would see at the other home improvement stores.They also have a great selection on organic products. There are several organic products that I use and they have them at this location.  The staff there are also very helpful and knowledgeable.  Yes-I am a fan!.
