5	Well established excellent veggie restaurant on the south side of Edinburgh. Good choice of meals and snacks, or just chill with a coffee or tea etc.. Vegan and allergy intolerant choices too. Plenty of seating in a nice and bright place - note the restaurant is on the 1st floor of the building - lift is available though. Baking (great bread!), cakes and artwork for sale off the walls. Also now have a stall at the regular Edinburgh farmers' market at Castle Terrace, Edinburgh. Well worth visiting.
5	I know the Engine Shed as the place that makes the amazing parmesan, herb, bread swirls. But they're also a cafe. A cafe that sells really wholesome food for barely any money at all. It may be a little out of the way, tucked behind St. Leonard's Police Station (kind of a strange location, really), but it's worth it. The staff always seem like they're having a really great time.It's very beautifully decorated, with an all wooden interior. The cafe is upstairs and there's a lively yet calm atmosphere. They sell soups, jacket potatoes, salads, vegan goodies. So much stuff that is mouth-watering! When you walk in, you definitely feel like you could be somewhere else, outside Edinburgh.
5	I used to cycle past this place on the way to uni, and always felt hungry as the scent of bread baking and... something else... teased my senses. I stupidly didn't know what this was for quite a while; there was just a car park with a couple of cars close to this seemingly empty building. Then I saw some people entering.It would seem that you must first reach this remote destination hidden behind the east park side residential area, then enter the building through the humble little door, walk up a brief staircase, and enter a very cute rustic cafe, which just so happens to be vegetarian. The concept behind the place is really ethical, as people with learning disabilities are employed and offer internships, get some exposure to the catering industry, and build confidences.  Ethics aside, food-wise, this is a real find. They have changing daily menu, and often choices include: jacket potato with a variety of filling options, soup of the day, veggie burger,  pizza, toasties, thai green curry, and a variety of other local and more exotic dishes. All the bread is freshly made downstairs, as is the tofu (that other nice smell I said I couldn't quite put my fingers on). You can buy loaves which come in various shapes, sizes, flavours and types. The tofu is also for sale, and available smoked, marinated, plain, or in burger form, ready to cook at home. Besides savoury food, there are a good variety of cakes available, some of which are vegan (vegan carrot cake with cream cheese frosting and vegan chocolate fudge cake)!The prices are very reasonable, and there are many places to sit. The close quite early and sometimes the hours can be unpredictable, check on their website to avoid being disappointed!if you don't want to come all the way over the New town, you can find some of their products (like tofu 'cheese' and bread) at the castle terrace farmer's market on a Saturday morning.
5	What a stand up place! Fabulous food, and a great cause. This place makes the best spinach hummus and oatcakes amongst other dishes. I love their stall at the farmers market. Heard recently that they will be shutting down due to funding problems. Shame as this is the type of business communities should support. Best to try out the food while you can  well worth a visit!
