1	Wow, my first time at this one and it'll be the last.  Went through the drive-thru and ordered my usual of trenta black tea lemonade (sweetened) and 2 birthday cake pops (don't judge!).   I should backtrack and mention that with only one car in front of me, it took 15 minutes for me to get to the pick-up window.  Unreal!  I then waited another 5 minutes for someone to come to the window.  The guy was in NO WAY the usual friendly Starbucks employee.  Handed my food out, took the money and never said a word.  Finally gave me my change and drink.I pulled away annoyed and became more so when I realized I had no straw.  Ok, I can take a lid off and be old-school.  First taste let me know they had NOT sweetened it as requested.  I thought to myself, "Well maybe he didn't hear me."  I then looked at the sticker on the cup and nope...he heard alright.  *sigh*Still trying to be positive, I remembered my cake pops...yay!  Took one out of the bag and took a bite without looking (I was driving...stop judging!).  It was mushy.  YUCK!  I looked down and saw that it was clearly left out of the refrigerated case and had become almost melted.  Again, YUCK!Sooooooooo, again I repeat that I will NOT be back to this location again.  Hmph.
3	This location is between my house and my parents' house so I'm a frequent visitor. Between my 2 girls and I, the drink orders can be quite challenging and this location is sort of hit or miss. The ever changing staff could be the culprit, but nonetheless the convenience of the location still draws me in. The lines tend to get long during the morning commute, yet they seem to move people through pretty quickly. On the occasion that I've had to send drinks back, they have been very apologetic and cooperative.
4	Starbucks... Where would we be without high priced oh so yummy coffees? I mean it's not their fault really, it is ours. We humans love da java bean! It is traded on stock markets, we use it to make drinks, to season foods, we eat them, and who knows what else some people do with them. ;0 - Side note Coffee was first found to have its amazing properties by the Ethiopians around or before the 15th Century.I must say I really enjoy this Starbucks aside from the fact they seem to close at 7PM...I know right? The Java is what one would expect and the staff is very nice and can get chatty with ya when it is slow. This particular Starbucks has a nice interior and never has seemed too crowded when  I have been there along with the Wi-Fi in the area makes this a nice pit stop for a pick me up.I recommend you give it a try, if you are in this area.Best Regards,James "Culinary Schmooze" Williams
5	I go here all the time. They do change staff frequently, but the baristas are friendly and the location is convenient. I drink my iced vanilla latte daily. I love the espresso at Starbucks and the frequent customer card gives me free syrup and free drinks. The breakfast sandwiches are awesome and are only $2 this week.
5	Staff are great!
4	I really like the cleanliness of this indoor and outdoor Starbucks location. I like the early morning staff because they relate to the early morning commuters. The early morning staff is very pleasant  compared to the afternoon team. This location appreciates Military personnel. Every one drink gets me a free 2nd drink. I think this is so awesome.
1	This store gets one star specifically for the soul fact that one of the baristas made it his job to tell me that my beverage order was "DISGUSTING" multiple times. Guess what? Being in guest services for 8 years, I know better than to talk down to/about a guest or their order.
3	I drove through this location in the middle of shuttling the kids about town. I have been to this location a few times, but always utilize the drive through and have never been inside. There was no line, so I expected to the service to be rather quick. Our order was taken quick enough, but the wait for beverages seemed a little long especially seeing how we only ordered an Iced Tea and an Apple Juice. Jenny was friendly enough and greeted up with a smile. I will undoubtedly return the next time I am in the area.
1	I am a Starbucks lover through and through, but this location can never seem to make my coffee correctly, such as making a mocha instead of white mocha when it was repeated back correctly. And then it is corrected it is so over syrupy that it's almost  undrinkable. I will not be going to this location anymore.
5	This location always makes my flavored drinks the best - they may have different names for the drinks I normally order but they are super nice at explaining it that way I know they are going to serve the right drink. Kudos to this location and the young manager I dealt with when my order was difficult.
1	This place is horrific! The one star is only for the barista Jenny. She is the sweetest thing,makes amazing drinks, and will make up yummy drinks for you. But if she  is not there....your fraps will have chunks of ice in it and your hot beverages will be NASTY. DONT GO HERE. I prefer the Starbucks in the Centennial plaza near Walmart.
5	Cleanliness: 5 starsThis establishment is always in top order, the restrooms and the outdoor dining area reflect their pride in their location.Hospitality: 5 StarsEveryone is very kind, remembers your name and for the most part know exactly what your going to order. It's nice to patronize a business where they care about you and your day.Food: 5 starsAlways accurate and consistent with quality. I love Starbucks
