4	Great park for spring training. Short walk to the MetroRail and other public transportation. Employees were fast and friendly. Park was clean and quiet. Next time I come to the Valley of the Sun I will stay here again.
2	Small, clean in a don't touch anything kind of way. Tempe is a Mecca of RV'ing. There are truly dozens of parks in the area with thousands of places to park my rig. I can't think of any reason why I or anyone else would chose to park in one of theirs. The woman checking me was the most unfriendly and unwelcoming person I have met in a long time.  My presence and the need to check me in was clearly an imposition   I guess she found me personally offensive as well since she found it necessary to get up, walk into the room around the corner and return wiping her hands with a sanitary wipe  after having to handle my credit card and proceeded to wipe down the pen I used to sign the credit slip.  Right in front of me!  Made me laugh. I was charged additionally for each of my 2 dogs. Something I have only encountered at hotels for unstable cleaning work. The wifi stinks, useless really. The surrounding area is not the best part of town. While on a short run I encountered lots of homeless and those nearly there. Some rough looking young people. I was there 1 night. Won't be back.
4	I liked it, well for the most part.  It was quiet,clean,friendly.  My only problem (and it's not their fault). Tempe seems to be turning into a getto. Lots of run down buildings, however the good news is the police station is directly across the street.  I didn't have any problems nor did I hear of any.  The price was great for our stay, the staff helped me park my 5th and went out of their way to be kind and helpful.  The sites were wide and deep.  I would absolutely stay there next year when we go to Tempe for spring training.  I just hope the economy picks up and the town turns itself around.
1	I cannot fathom how anyone could rate this beyond two stars. The service is incredibly rude and unprofessional. Pitbulls with bowel obstructions are more pleasant. Not quiet, near liquor stores with questionable miscreants milling about. Avoid at all costs!!!
