4	Always fast and friendly service here. I mostly go for Taco Tuesdays. There is never a long wait to order or to get your food. Place is clean, salsa bar is always neat and well stocked. I love sitting outside when it's warm, overall a good casual place to relax and have some tasty grub.
3	Someone had to twist my arm to come here and I'm glad they persuaded me. Surprisingly yummy and cheap fish tacos. I'm told Rubio's brought the fish taco to the US.
4	Steak burrito especial was delicious. Perhaps it was the location (lake mead) or the fact that it was free. But kudos to Rubios for using this promotional opportunity to dish out some good stuff. Fast food Tex Mex done right.
4	I've been coming here since I heard of $1.25 fish taco Tuesdays and every Tuesday has been the same routine: get out of work, call Rubio's, order 3 flour fish tacos, and pick em up on my way to choir practice.  Every time I call and tell them my name, Jesus always recognizes me when I come to pick them up. Jesus brings back the comfort of being a regular at your favorite place and he always make that exception of ringing me as soon as I wall through those doors. Thumbs up for Jesus and the staff at Rubio's on Lake Mead! Happy eating! :)
4	This was my 2nd visit to a Rubio's....this one is in my neighborhood.  My 1st experience with Rubio's was great and I was hoping this one would be good too.  I was right!I ordered a Steak Burrito w/Pinto Beans ($6.29).  It came out shortly and I went to the Salsa Bar to get their Spicy Salsa....it has some pretty good heat and I enjoy the flavor a lot.  The Burrito was very good and satisfying.I'm glad I found this chain and that there's one near my house!Return Factor - 80%
5	Yippee!!!  Veggie tacos are back!!  How can you not love portobello and poblano grilled on a corn tortilla with grilled cheese and then add chipotle white sauce, rice and a squeeze of lime-sooooo goooood.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  I discovered Rubio's about 3 years ago and for about 2 years I was there every friday for lunch.  I could walk in and they would ring up my very specific order right down to the extra chipotle on the side.  It is very nice to see great service like this place.  Fish tacos are great,  guacamole is awesome!People will say, "oh, it's like Baja Fresh," and I will kindly say "no, it's way better!"
3	Not bad. Not amazing or anything but not bad. The good: very friendly servicefish tacos!tortilla chicken soup was pretty awesomeThey have vanilla coke!The not so good:My chicken burrito.. I can't remember which one I ended up going with, had tons of quac in it.. I like guac, but I couldn't taste anything else in the burrito. So meh.Wasn't really impressed with the salsa. I love spicy salsa, but I also want it to have more flavor than JUST the pepper.Probably will return for more of that tasty soup and taco. :)
4	I come to Rubio's for one thing, the herb garlic shrimp tacos with bacon. I was craving these and I was on this end of town so I stopped by. This Rubio's has great seating (inside and out) and super friendly service. They were also sampling food options as you waited for your food. How awesome is that?!
5	bomb ass street tacos forever fresh, enuff said!
4	I've stopped by this Rubio's quite a few times. Strangely enough it is probably the furthest Rubio's from where I live here in the valley. But I do have a friend who lives close by and if I'm in the area it is always nice to stop in and grab some tacos.I like Rubio's tacos. They are fresh and I have never had a bad experience with what I tend to order. I rotate between their original fish taco platter, street tacos platter, and grilled fish platter. I've never had the burritos, quesadillas, etc. On my last visit I had the street tacos platter (carne asada, chicken, and carnitas). They were all tasty and well prepared. Not fats or gristle, just good meat.The chips are nice to dip in the beans and the numerous salsas you can get at the salsa bar. Lastly, this Rubio's is clean, the employees were very nice to me and my mother (and made sure my mother did not get any guac in her meal). Overall, Rubio's is still a fave of mine, especially this location.
5	I don't care what people say, but there are some chains that I love, and Rubios is one of them.  I love their original fish tacos.  I don't care for anything else on the menu.And anyone who hates on eating in chain restaurants... I DARE you to come to Rubios.  Original taco plate, and substitute the beans for rice.  Yea, ... I said it!  I'm done here, you need to know nothing else.
5	Rubios is one of my favorites, its got a great atmosphere, super nice employees, and its great if you're a pescatarian like me. Rubios offers a lot of choices.
4	I came here last night with Donald for Taco Tuesday ($1.50 fish tacos after 2pm). There were quite a bit of people dining inside since they had the special going on, but there wasn't any line at all, so we got our food right away. We ordered 3 fish tacos each, which was more than enough since they were pretty big, and a small fountain drink for only $12.26. Now that was a cheap dinner! The fish was cooked well and the cabbage was fresh. The only thing I didn't really like was the corn tortillas because they were pretty thick and broke easily, but that wasn't a big deal. i just wish there was a Rubios closer to my side of town!
4	We came here on a whim and it was surprisingly tasty! My husband had some kind of shrimp tacos with bacon (it was good, I don't think you can go wrong with shrimp and bacon) and I had the beer-battered fish tacos with avocado and corn and some kind of tasty sauce. I thoroughly enjoyed everything except maybe the rice, but the chips and variety of salsa were really good! After checking the nutritional info, I feel slightly scandalized, but not so scandalized that I won't go back, haha.
4	I alway enjoy this place. Great food. Head over after 2:00 pm on Tuesday and have fish tacos for $1.50 each. Enjoy
4	Love the fact they have a low carb wrap! I will forever drive by the "Chip" place I used to know so well..Keep up the good work!!
4	I'm addicted to the Street Tacos! They are really yummy. I am sad I hadn't tried this place before but will now be back for sure. I got  the 3-plate combo so I got to pick from 3 tacos (chicken, steak or carnitas) and it came with rice and beans. I was able to mix-n-match the tacos so I picked one of each to try them all. They were all good but the carnitas was my favorite. Inside is clean and the staff is super friendly. If you sign up on their e-mail list (beach club) you get a nice coupon to go towards the cost of your purchase on your birthday! They also send other promotions. Rubio's also offers catering and fundraising services.
5	I have a habit of finding a food location, eating everything on the menu everyday for over a month, then getting sick of it all, and that is yet to happen here! First off I love fish, and fish is their speciality, so the relationship is now mutual. Getting a delicious Ono Burrito after a hard workout at the gym is a great pick me up. They have your typical steak and chicken burrito options if your not in the mood for fish, and these are also great. There is alway some new flavor on the menu to try. There food items are not swimming in grease so you wont feel like you swallowed a lead ball when your finished chowing down. If its your first time I recommend the Blackened Ono Burrito. If you want some shrimp, give the Mesquite shrimp burrito a go. This location is next to Whole foods on lake mead off the 95 exit.Oh, comes stocked with a salsa bar as well. Grab a churro and enjoy!
4	when it comes to fast food that tastes good, too.  rubio's is a great catch  absolutely love the blackened talapita taco.  it's a reel keeper!.the employees are always pleasant and e-fish-nt.i'm hooked.
5	My hubby and I ate the lobster tacos really great!!
5	Food and staff are always awesome! Gourmet steak tacos are my favorite!
4	I love Rubio's. I've never had a complaint at any of their locations. Clean restaurants. Good food. Friendly employees. Amber at this location is especially friendly and goes out of her way to ensure your experience is top notch. Their Tuesday fish taco deal is awesome. $1.50 after 2:30 pm.
4	This place has great food and the friendly staff is the best! Fish tacos were great.
4	I have not been to a Rubio's in years because I was not a fan of the menu. I am glad that I returned. I love that my food was brought to the table. The condiments bar is a nice place to add some more flavor to your meal. Food was light and filling. I didn't feel heavy and overstuffed afterwards. A big step up from other "Mexican" fast food places.
5	Wow! I was so very pleasantly surprised with this place!I had the Mahi Mahi burrito. There was delightfully flaky mahi mahi, rice, roasted corn, red onions, guacamole all wrapped in a delight flour tortilla. The serving seemed bigger than my head and came with tortilla chips that were perfectly crispy and sensationally salted. I sampled each salsa from the bar and have decided that the tomatillo is the one for me. I absolutely love that they have Vanilla Coke 'on-tap'. We will absolutely be back for more. :)
5	We love this place and eat there often. It has fresh food, is consistant and very clean. The staff is very friendly and gets to know its customers. So far, our best place to eat in our area!  The girls that work there have become like friends to us, Amber and Vanba especially.  We ate there again last night and again we were pleased.  You always leave there full and content!We always wind up going back there.  We highly recommend this Rubio's to anyone looking for a good meal in a friendly, clean environment.~Eileen and John~
5	Went here based on yelp reviews. The server was great very helpful with menu choices. Had fish taco trio it was delicious and filling. Also tried the chicken salad and chicken quesadilla. They were all delicious. Clean and pleasant atmosphere.
4	For many years, I was resistant to the idea of fish tacos. Little did I know what I was missing! 8 years ago, I decided to try them at Rubio's and I've never looked back! On this particular visit, I redeemed my free birthday meal, which is a perk of signing up for their email notifications. Consistently good food every time I visit!
5	My Mom loves the food, and they have Lobster right now! Getting my grub on, then hoping my headache goes away. The workers went WAY out of their way for us, even running next door because they were out of the drink my Mom wanted! The food was excellent, and the place was spotless. The decor is quirky, and there is always seating. I have never left hungry, and even though I think it's pricey it is always worth it once I get there.
5	love the flavors .fresh and anuthentic
5	they have the best soup. tge salsa is amazing. toasted and roasted and whatnot. i like the taco and soup combo. he likes the coastal trio. yum!!!
5	I love the greeting I get at Rubio's. My order is always correct and tastes great. The manager on during the day shift is pleasant and knows my name now. Love the chicken tortilla soup.
5	Their service is the best.Their staffs are  very attentive and good energy.Food is very fresh and delicious.Quite clean.Seems Surfer friendly.We love to come here with my kids.Kids loves the kids menu.
4	I have just recently discovered Rubio's and my belly is happy for it! Here's why: 1.The food is tasty and high quality. 2. Huge selection of food, so everyone in your party will be happy for sure.3. The prices are reasonable for what you receive.4. The staff is extremely friendly.5. Salsa bar!  The salsas are all yummy and you can have as much as you like.  What's not to like? If you like Mexican food and want to try something new, check out Rubio's!
5	Good food and great service. Can get busy with a long wait at lunch. I like the burritos. The blackened Mahi is great.
5	I absolutely love the fish tacos at Rubios!!!  I have and will continue to recommend Rubios to friends and family!!  If you've never had a fish taco I would suggest trying your first one at Rubios!!  DELICIOUS!!
5	Excellent food and menu selections, unbelievably fresh, and Top-Notch service. What more can I say?
4	The Ancho citrus grilled shrimp burrito was excellent.  Service was fast and friendly.  Will come back again.
5	We've been here a couple of times.  Food is always good and so is the service. We'll definitely be back.
5	Best lunch spot in all of NW Vegas.  My absolute fave item on the menu is the blackened salmon burrito. In my humble opinion this is the most yummy-licious item they offer.  Bonus - every entree item comes with chips.  And while you wait for your order there is a salsa bar that you can help yourself to.
5	Bomb as hell love the lobster burrito the tortilla chips are entirely legit. The Carne taco is also incredible.
3	This place will fix your fish taco craving in no time. Come in on Tuesdays for half off their classic fish taco after 2:30 PM... but you may have to remind the cashier, because their registers don't automatically give the discount. Wish I'd noticed this before I paid $8.The shrimp verde taco is also good, but I'd personally request it on corn tortillas. They're currently promoting a langostino burrito that sounds tasty, but the fish tacos are reliably large and tasty. Service is surprisingly friendly and this location is a bit more formal than their usual grab-and-go set up.
1	If I could give negative stars I would. I ordered 2 tacos to go. When I got home they were soaked through in sauce. When I opened the wrapping I thought ewww. They were so messy & unappetizing looking. But sometimes it tastes better than it looks. Nope.  The fish coating was terrible tasting. The sauce was gross. I was so disappointed but I couldn't believe they world serve such ugly & disgusting food. I wanted to take it back & ask if the cooks if they'd eat that.
