4	Momma has taken her pups here for play for years and loves The Puppy Palace.  We just learned they offer kennel services and were looking for a new vacation home for the pups after our favorite kennel suffered a distinct change in attitude/service/quality that was not for the better...Took the fuzzy ones in for an afternoon of play to test the waters... Staff was friendly, helpful, and accommodating with our old guy and shy girl...Shy girl hid but was not totally traumatized by the afternoon and the old guy had a ball... Like needed his anti-inflamatories for two days after because he had so much fun romping with the other day care dogs!More play dates to come and they have earned our next vacation reservation... We will update as things progress but so far, so good!
5	Ten days of vacation and the pups came home happy, healthy, and very clean! Thanks Puppy Palace! It's nice to know you care for them the way we do.
5	I have been using puppy palace for over 2 years, approximately 15 days/year. The staff is nice and the open area where they let all the dogs play is great.
5	Great place and service! I had to take an unexpected last minute trip out of state right before the holidays and was nervous to board my two dogs because I'd usually have family or friends watch them. I toured a couple places in the Surprise/Peoria area but I chose Puppy Palace. 1) great "kennel" area. Different sized rooms that had tile and the door to my dogs' room was half plexi-glass so they could look out. No wire crates or chain link fence rooms like I had seen at other places. 2) 3 different playrooms that are inside and have rubber floors. 3) they offer baths and grooming, and I wanted my dogs bathed before I picked them up and some facilities don't offer that 4) the staff was incredibly nice and answered all my questions. 5) every 4th night is free-great because I was gone for a total of 5 nights and 6 days. I was also able to call and check on them. All I know is that the staff remembered me as soon as I walked in to get my two labs and my boys were clean, happy, and tired from all the play with other dogs they got. Will definitely be back!
5	When we found 2 lost little dogs and needed overnight boarding while we looked for owners, the staff were fantastic, and their working with us to arrange the boarding made all the difference in our being able to reunite owner and puppies the next day. It is clear this isn't just a business, they really love dogs!
3	Where did this place go??
