5	This store is truly a gem when it comes to men's underwear. Love it! The selection is amazing and I never leave empty handed. Dan and his team are super friendly and know their brands. Thank you again for the great shopping experience!
5	Fresh Pair!  Great Looking Gallery-ish (I mean that in a good way) Men's ONLY Underwear and Swimwear Shop in South End!  Designers you know and ones I have heard of!  Most of them!  "Baskit" and "Nasty Pig" were my favorite Brands here!"Speedo" Time ! ! ! ! Style vs Brand  - You know what I mean!  Nothing says D, B & A like the affectionate "name" "speedo"  the Style, instead of Brand!  At "Brief", all the Swimwear und Underwear are kinder AND more flattering to your Man Parts!  My comparison using cereal Analogy : Captain Crunch or Frankenberrys ?  Captain Crunch represents the OLD style swimwear and underwear that supported by squeezing and Krunching everything up against your body, the New style that "Brief" offers is Conture Designed to, uh cradle the FranknBerrys for amazing Comfort AND _____ , uh I'll say, Good Looks!  Performance and Aesthetics instead of tight and crunchy!  Hey, you will NOT need to be a Ventriloquist to get in these!!! Hey!  There are other advantages that I will NOT be getting into, here!Brand "Nasty Pig" had some Great Looking Hat's, Belts, Scarves, Briefs and..... Plenty Masculine and more fun than the real thing!  Safer too... I would NOT play with a Wild Boar!  You can wear it without "Being" 'it"!  Tell them you are NOT buying it for a friend!  Text your old College Room mate and tell him he should start a competitive line, called Filthy Swine, I know YOU were the Tidy one! Plenty of Designer Jock Straps too!  I won't mention "A Brief History of the JopStrap" nor make inobvious comparisons to Mister Hoover's H-jock invention!  If you are still using Duct Tape and Thumb tacks or a felt board, you could be doing so much better!  Hello! At Brief, these you won't be throwing your voice, already told you!What do : "Charlotte's First Annual (mostly) Santa Speedo Run" and "the OLD BOY Reunion"  have in common other than Both taking place in Charlotte, NC on December 7th 2013 ???  Hmmmmm???  Coincidence or Design!  I'm in Town!  The Owner of Brief is the Organizer and Initiator of this Charlotte Version, Fun-Run for Charity!  Brief is the HeadQuarters Start/EndPoint for the Run!
5	Great Selection of Men's Underwear.  Need to order more MEDIUMS...
