5	THE BEST EVER!  If you are looking for real authentic fresh Mexican food this is the place.  They know food and customer service.  This family owned restaurant has been in Las Vegas over 30 years and consistantly the best.  We love this place.  Especially the Chili Rellenodish.  Melt in your mouth.  They have great margarits's also and this place wont break the bank.  Excellent food, service and prices. 5 Stars in our book,.  Kim and Orlando
4	A few weeks ago my husband and I happened to be in the Northwest so we had the perfect excuse to drop into Vega's Cafe, a restaurant my family has been eating at since I was a little girl. The location has changed a couple of times, and although it is now a lot further from us than it ever has been, the new spot is definitely an improvement upon the previous two. Well, at least the last location. I'll always remember the dimmed lights, big red booths and glass blower tucked in the corner of the second dining room at the first place on Charleston. I am really glad they have moved from their seedier early locations, however, to one that is more welcoming to those who don't already know how good the food is.The restaurant is run by Ernie, who does the serving, and his wife Celia, who does all the cooking. She makes the best flour tortillas in Vegas and is also known for her famous chile rellenos, which she makes using pasilla peppers rather than the more common anaheim chiles. She covers it in a delicous white sauce that is from an old family recipe she won't share. After making the same food for thirty years you would expect it to be something special, and it is. I often get the chile verde bowl with tender chicken but today we shared another favorite, the machaca burrito enchilada style ($9.75). This is made wrapping machaca, or shredded beef and eggs, in one of her home-made tortillas which is then baked with enchilada sauce and gooey cheese and accompanied by fluffy rice and smooth refried beans. You really don't need to add much to one of her tortillas, and it almost seems like a shame to add so many other delicious components, but the fantastic flavor is still able to come through. Everything about it just works.To top it off, each dish always tastes exactly the same, which is no easy feat for a non-chain restaurant. No matter how many times they've moved, the food hasn't changed one bit with the passing of time. This is comfort Mexican food that is done well, and I strongly recommend you try it, even if it is a little out of the way for most of the Valley's residents.Tip: On Monday, Wednesday, and Friday the soup of the day is fideo, or noodle soup, and on Tuesday and Thursday it's albondigas, or meatball. I prefer the albondigas because the noodles in the fideo get mushy. Also, don't come here on a diet, but if you do, get the chicken chile verde bowl which is like spicy Mexican chicken soup. Yum!
3	Owners are really friendly.  Good service, but long wait for food.  Food was okay, but nothing I'd recommend or come back for.
2	Nice place inside and good service...I scanned the menu and I was confused - the prices were way out of wack compared to other mexican places.  Beans and rice were alacarte???  I think they wanted $3 extra for beans and rice.  I ordered the chile rellano and one rellano was $8 alone on a small plate and it was just ok.  A friend ordered a chicken tostada at $8 and some change.  It was ok but barely enough to feed a 3 year old.There flour tortillas were made with canola oil.  Good if you are on a diet bad if you are in the mood if you want good mexican food.You cannot call this place authentic simply based on the tortillas.  I had high hopes but this place fell short - maybe I will go back for second chance...maybe
4	One of the last family owned and operated restaurants left in Las Vegas! I love the food and the service. Pros= home made tortillas, yummy beans and salsa and the sweet servers!Cons=closed on Sunday, dinner salad is just shredded iceberg lettuce like what you would top tacos with, fried ice cream bland and blah.
4	This place seemed homey from the get go. Yelpalicious Angela H. and I thought the place was cute and inviting. The server was very sweet and showed us some articles about them and pointed out some of their popular star items. I got myself a favorite- Enchilada Ranchera which is enchilada with green sauce and sourcream and I chose it with chicken. I am not too fond of beans so I opted for all rice. She said it's a bit spicy, but it the green sauce only had a whisper of spice which added a depth but didn't burn your tongue that you cant taste anything else. I liked my entree and rice and for $7.75 it could not be beat. She was saying that their chile relleno is one of their best known dishes. I love me that dish, but it's one of those things I have to be in the mood for. Yes, I am not Mexican, but my step grandma is and when she was alive she would make me chile relleno and pork  with some chipotle mocahete sauce everytime I'd come. Very few places tops that memory, but I will come back to try out the star dish as well as their bistek ranchero for sure. We met the owner as we were walking out and he seemed like a very nice guy who seemed very fond and proud of his place. I like humble homey places and will be looking to sample through everything.
5	Ok, so lets update our review.......still the best Mexican Food in town.  If you love wings.....mild, medium or hot....they ROCK!  Consistant customer service and great place to meet up with friends.
4	Vega's Cafe is a solid place for Mexican food in the Northwest!  We have been there a few times and enjoy it, although we have not had many entrees there, what we have had has been enjoyable!  Best way to describe this style of Mexican is probably to say the food is "like a good home cooked meal".   Sometimes I worry about certain places based on location and this is definitely one of them.  If you don't know the area well it can be hard to find.  I believe if they had a better location, closer to town, they would probably be more successful.  The northwest is slowly dying due to the foreclosure crisis sweeping through all of Vegas.  But i think its worth a try if you are in the area and craving some Mexican food!!!
3	Pretty average. Friendly service. Nothing out of the ordinary. Pretty basic Mexican cuisine. Great in a pinch or for a neighborhood meal.
