5	I just got home from meeting with John Chase at Amerisent Insurance. John proved himself to be knowledgeable and a tremendous help with getting and understanding all the changes in insurance with OBAMACARE. He showed me the Nevada Health Link site, and walked me through all the options available there. He knew money is an issue for me right now, and he worked to find me the best coverage. He also found a subsidy that helped pay a major portion of my medical insurance. I found John Chase to be honest, straightforward, and immensely helpful in getting me medical insurance. That means a lot to me because I had to drop my old medical insurance 11 months ago. I appreciate John's efforts, and will definitely recommend him to my friends and family in the future!
5	John Chase at Amerisent Insurance helped our business be compliant with Obamacare. We were able to get a better policy without buying into the exchange. Previously my wife and I had individual policies and we are now covered under our business. Thanks for taking the stress out of our health insurance changes.
5	John Chase is by far the most knowledgeable and sincere insurance agent I have ever used or recommended.   He takes the time to ask enough questions to make sure he is doing what is best for his client.  His office is prompt and very professional.  I highly recommend you call him before making a final decision on all your insurance needs and he will take the time to make sure you understand what is best for you and your family and / or business.
5	I have come to know John Chase professionally in the past six months and during that time John has shown all the attributes, knowledge, and skill you would hope for from an agent helping clients navigate the new changes to health insurance. John has informed me of matters I did not know about, and I have also been able to confidently refer family affected by the changes in health insurance coverage to John for answers and solutions; I can also confidently recommend John to you.
5	John Chase is my insurance agent. I guess you could say that I'm sold on his and Beth's service.I've recently began a new business. I couldn't have done it without John's help in getting the best quotes possible for health coverage.If you are in the market for an agent--if you want solid, dependable service at a competitive price, then you want John Chase.
5	John and Elizabeth are great.  We have our homeowners insurance with them, and they are always checking to make sure we have the best coverage for the dollar spent.  Recently, John helped me resolve my confusion, frustration, and other problems with my Medicare additional coverage.  I saved money, have greater peace of mind now, and John did all of the work, all he needed for me to do was sign the paperwork, and pay my new LOWER bill.
