5	They were exceptionally accommodating to our large party for my grandparent's 50th anniversary. It was a wonderful event, the banquet room was already taken, but the staff was able to accommodate us in their dining area. There was more than enough food, and it was above par for banquet food. The menu was an excellent value for what we got. Very nice views of the river, we got some nice pictures on the dock! Outdoor seating is available, which is really nice on a summer evening.
2	Rupe Rankings of note:- N/AMenu recommendations:- N/AWhy you would go:- great outdoor seating, right on the river- shoot some shufflepuckWhy you wouldn't go:- food is 100% Sysco- sketchy service, especially at the bar- no happy hour specials to speak ofOverall impression:If you work nearby and are looking for a close-by sunny spot for a few HH drinks, it will work.  Otherwise, avoid.
3	Yesterday my family and I had a nice dinner out on Sikly's deck.  The deck is quite large and had a bunch of tables in the shade so you're not in direct sunlight (there's table in direct sunlight if you want them).  At 5:00pm it wasn't very crowded and there were a bunch of children and babies around.  We had a tremendous view of the river.  Inside they have a great bar shuffleboard table.We were all very happy with our dinners.  The menu has a bunch of different sandwiches, entrees, burgers, and pasta dishes.  There were definitely more upscale selections than a typical bar.  We started with apps of coconut shrimp and oysters on the half shell.  The coconut shrimp was very tasty and we loved how it was served in in coconut shell. I also had a Crab Louie salad that was very good.  My brother had salmon oscar and said it was good too.The beer selection was rather limited, but they did have Dogfish 60 minute on draft.  I don't think there was too much in the way of wines.  Regardless, if you're looking for an outdoor river-view spot in the summer with good food, you can't go wrong with Sikly's Crows Nest.  It's also very family and child friendly.  We will definitely come again.
1	As a party of 7 we expected to wait a little bit but this was the WORST restaurant I've ever been to in terms of service AND food.They would not put tables together for us outside, which was a little disappointing but it wasn't a big deal.We waited at least 30 minutes just for our drinks and another 40 minutes for our food. The place was not very busy and the waitress didn't even acknowledge that there was a delay...I ordered the Philly steak wrap and home fries. The wrap was very bland but edible...the home fries were not. They were burnt to a crisp and had a very strange taste.One of my friends ordered the sesame scallops and when they came out they were deep fried. It was disgusting. Who deep fries scallops?! She tried it and hated it. The waitress was nice enough to take it off of our check.My Husband got the seafood bisque and didn't like it very much either.  When I was younger we went to New England every summer...so I've had it before. That was not so great.Some of my friends liked their food (Buffalo chicken sandwich with waffle fries; burgers) but despite the food... for service alone I would not go back.
5	I read all the previous reviews and almost didn't come. What a mistake that would have been. This place is really a gem!The food is top notch and service was awesome! The view from the deck is incredible. The entire experience was great. We will definitely be back!
4	I have been to the Crow's Nest on several occasions, mostly for lunch or after work for Happy Hour since moving from Downtown to this end of town for work.  First I have to point out, in this little restaurant/bar that could probably use a little bit of a face lift has such a lovely view.  In the summer time or warmer months it is glorious to go outside and see the various boats the view of the river, the wonderful breeze blowing from the water to cool you.  Speaking of the outside the deck is great.  It is quite a selling point to come here just to enjoy that and a cocktail.So as prior mentioned I have been here a few times, but have only eaten here for lunch.  Let me start by saying that they have a somewhat extensive menu.  Lots of different varieties of salads, soups, sandwiches, pasta, and appetizers.  Plus I am pretty sure you can order a dinner entree too if that is what you desire for lunch.  Another bonus would be their lists of specials.  I love going to a restaurant and seeing a special or two listed that give you a completely different option to chose from.  Not to mention, these specials are served with not one but two sides!  And where so many restaurants don't include items like soup or salad as a side (*you know the side options are fries, chips, and applesauce) The Crows Nest does!  This I love because they have had some really different kinds of soups on the menu that you can add as a side, and I am such a soup gal in the winter!  As for the food.  I will admit I was very unsatisfied with my soup on my last visit.  The french onion soup had a piece of bread covered in cheese floating on top of what was one of the most saltiest soups I have ever eaten, or attempted to.   Really just couldn't do it.  It was close to licking a beef flavored salt cube, just gross.Now my wrap was quite nice on the other had.  It was a grilled chicken with bacon, avocado, lettuce, tomato, and cheese.  Very tasty.  My friends meal was also received in high regards as it was a fried bologna sandwich.  It came on two honking pieces of Italian bread slathered in coleslaw and french fries.  It also had what I think was American cheese on it.  Now this sandwich under 9 bucks also came with two sides, and was big enough to feed two people.  I know I have been here and have had really good food and then just some average or not so good stuff.  But there is still much to try on the menu and the bar and view make this place an enjoyable stop.  Not to mention it is within minutes of my work so throw in convenience.  One thing I am definitely not a fan of, is at happy hour they play music, like really REALLY loud.  You would think the place was packed with 20 somethings dancing like they are in a club, not the more mature crowd that actually is there.  I have asked several times for them to turn it down, to which they don't particularly like doing or will do just a very small amount.  Hey I am hip and all but when I can't hear my friends sitting right next to me in a place that has less than 15 people in it that can hold 100+ I tend to get a little frustrated.  Anyhow I suggest giving The Crow's Nest a try.  Some unique things to try and that view is just fabulous.
3	I've been going here for years. It's a great, low key place to meet up with a large group of friends. There are always lots of seasonal beers from which to choose. The food is okay, with the exception of the waffle fries, which are super yummy.
1	I went to Silky's Crows Nest last night with a friend as it was a gorgeous day and we wanted a nice, outside ambiance. This hit the spot! The deck was gorgeous and the view of the marina was the best of the Allegheny.However, there were several things that made our evening go downhill.When we arrived there was no server to greet us and stood several minutes with others until someone took care of us.My friend and I decided to order appetizers to share around 7pm. Chicken nachos, fried zucchini slices and waffle fries. 2.5 hrs later we still did NOT have our food and others around us did (even those who came in after us). This was absolutely ridiculous!!!!  I could feel myself fuming. I decided to speak to the manager on duty and they took one appetizer off our bill. For all the time we had to wait it should have been free! When the food finally came it was not even that good, but we ate it anyway since we were starving...
1	We had been to Silky's before mainly for family gathering with a good experience. Tonight we had 15 members of a North Hills club having a monthly dinner. We ordered at 7:15 & at 8:45 we had just gotten two of the soups that had been ordered. Seeking out the waitress she informed us it would be 40 minutes before our food would come out. We all got up and left
3	The food was amazing, but the wait was extremely long about 1.5 hours to get a burger and fries, and a pasta dish.   The wait staff kept apologizing and said they were short staffed.  I'd return, but not on a busy Friday night.
1	1. The place was filthy! the window we sat at had algae and/or mold over the entire surface. The ceiling had water damage and had been spottily fixed. (Imagine what you can not see.) 2. From the time we ordered the soup and salad portion took 40 minutes. Dinner was far over 60 minutes. 3. We had to get up and find someone to get our drinks refilled for just water and tea. 4. The appetizer orders were half wrong. 5. One dinner order was wrong. No manager came to talk to us or apologize for a thing. 6. Potatoes came without sour cream..others came without butter. (which never came)7. Staff was not at all friendly or nice. They kept saying they were extremely busy but the dining room had only two tables with customers.....and there were more than 5 servers with at least two boys for busing, so I have no idea what they do when actually busy. If you are looking for a nice marina atmosphere try Red Fin Blues Instead. SKIP THIS PLACE COMPLETELY!
1	Waited over an hour and a half for a calamari appetizer. Finally just had to cancel our food orders. Every time I go I absolutely love the view but am constantly reminded of the insanely slow food service. Very disappointing.
1	We went to Silkys for a work lunch and it was one of the worst experiences I've had in a long time. We waited over an hour for our orders, which were basic sandwiches and salads. Our waitress wasn't familiar with the menu at all and clearly wasn't trained by a more experienced staff member. After an hour I asked to speak with a manager and no one came to speak with me. After asking a second time for the manager, a gentleman came out and asked me what the problem was with an "I don't really care" attitude. Our waitress then dropped off the bill before we'd even received our food.  Once our food came we asked for boxes and got out of there!  This seems like a nice place to grab a beer after work but the staff has turned me off. I won't go back.
1	Hate that I even have to give this place one star! We went there on a Saturday night with a reservation for 11 to celebrate a birthday. Our reservation  was at 7 but we were running a little late so we called and were assured by the very nice hostess that it was not an issue.  When we arrived our table was still available but the waitress seemed bothered by the fact that we were even there. It took a half hour for her to take our order and 1.5 hours for our food to arrive.  When the food did arrive it was either over cooked or undercooked and all was ice cold! Not to mention the fact that we had to go to the bar to order drinks because our waitress would not even look in our direction for the 1.5 hours we waited for our food (bartender was great though).  When we asked to speak to the manager an obviously drunk man came to us from the bar looked at our table and walked away!  Our waitress was very rude and told us the bad service and awful food was a result of us being late for our reservation (although we were told our late arrival was no problem) but based on other reviews I see that this is just the typical service.... Or lack of service that this place provides.  We paid our bills with small tip (although I did not want to leave one at all based on our servers poor attitude) then had to eat again at the fox chapel yacht club.  We arrived at 7:30 and didn't get out until after 10!!!!! Needless to say we will never return and I will share this review with my co workers in fox chapel that look for local lunch spots! Worst experience ever!!!
1	I went to this spot to "celebrate" my son shaving his head after almost being done with radiation. I was there a month ago and the service was very unfriendly and slow. Went again today. The service was INCREDIBLY SLOW.  The excuse that the kids went back to school is no excuse for the price tag of the food. Customers should come first. How servers to take care of the customers on a timely basis. I ordered two bottles of beer that were both warm. The bathrooms are dirty and loaded with graffiti. Waited 15 minutes to get served and another 15 to get the bill. When I questioned the bill to the manager she clearly had mistake mms for someone else and accused me of "doing this before". Unbelievable!! Who would leave their business to someone there so long they are complacent and unprofessional.
