4	Mellon Arena is the oldest arena in the NHL, and it shows - only it's not a bad thing that it shows.  I've been a lifelong Penguins fan, and finally made my first trip here last weekend for the Penguins home opener.  I knew it was an old arena, and an arena that will be replaced in a few years when the next chapter in the life of the Penguins is built; and I was a little nervous that my trip here would be an anticlimax, being the home of all my hockey memories, but an old one.  But you know, this is an old arena with character - so much character in fact, that I had goose-bumps the second I saw the rink.  I understand that Pittsburgh needs a new arena, but there was something that made me quite sad that such a cool place has to disappear to make way for it.  The style of the seating levels seems very unique compared to any other arena I've seen - very steep, layered levels at each end, with a huge steep block along the sides.  The second level at each end has an over-hang of the next level up, which blocks out the scoreboard in the higher part of the section - so they have individual mini-scoreboards in the section, with the score, penalty details, and a screen showing the same as the scoreboard screen - so cool!The concourses are a little narrow and show their age, but there are sections that become very wide, and they sensibly put a couple of beer stands here to prevent too much congestion.  Plenty of merchandise stands too, as well as a well-stocked, if eternally crowded shop.The fans are great (OK, I'll admit that I might be a little biased here, but the atmosphere was electric), the staff were all incredibly helpful and friendly, and it all added up to the perfect visit to my mecca of hockey.  A rink full of history, Mellon Arena represents the good 'old' days of hockey, and represents those days with style and grace - thanks for the good times, the memories, and here's hoping for a few more before it is sadly put to rest.
2	Old. In fact, it's the oldest arena still in use in all of North American professional sports. As of this writing, it's got one more hockey season in it before it will be replaced by the (hopefully) epic new arena across the street. The age of this building shows in so many ways that, as much I'd like to, it's hard to get over it and make a "heart and soul" argument for it's greatness. As a facility, the place is all old-school Pittsburgh steel construction. The retractable roof, hasn't been retracted in 30-some-odd years (and was meant to be retracted for night-time summer symphony orchestra shows...strange). The place lacks modern amenities, and sadly, the beer and food selection is also from the 60's....it's almost exclusively hot dogs, pretzels, and nachos here. It's like a time warp. Also, there are some really bizarre, awkward, and inconvenient sight lines depending on where you sit. Really awkward.On the bright side, Mellon Arena does offer a unique hockey experience. Apart from the super-arenas like Staples Center, this the most vertically-blessed barns I've ever been to. Having gone to 20+ games here over four years and having sat all over the place, the concept of being "on top of the action" is more real here than any place's you'll probably ever see again. There's a 5th deck for friggin' sake! This makes for a lot of fan-action intimacy at key times in playoff games, etc.The last good thing I'll mention, though I'm not sure if they still do it now, is that they used to offer game-time tickets to college students for $20. And these tickets weren't nosebleeds, but rather any seat that hadn't sold an hour before the game. I was able to score some great seats this way. However, given the Penguins success lately, I'm sure that's not so possible anymore.I won't say I'll miss this place when it's gone, but I guess I can admit to remembering it whenever I go enjoy the new house across the street.
5	This is another place I'm surprised I never reviewed before.   My brother Paul and I went to the Green Day concert here last night.   It's now the oldest arena in the NHL, and it's beginning to show.  But you know what?  I'm gonna miss the old girl.  If nothing else, the Mellon Arena--okay, who am I kidding, the Civic Arena--is certainly distinctive.  It's odd shape has earned it the nickname "the Igloo".  Long a landmark, it will be replaced by simply another arena.  But, believe it or not, the Igloo was conceived not as a sports arena, but for the Civic Light Opera.  The CLO wanted fans to experience music under the stars and, if need be, under a roof.  Another interesting tidbit is the nickname "The Igloo" is the reason the NHL team is called the Penguins.I guess my judgement is clouded by sentiment.   I've seen so many great bands here:  Pearl Jam, R.E.M, U2, etc.  Garth Brooks played to sold out crowds for several nights in a row.  As the place is scheduled to close after the 2009-2010 hockey season, maybe the Penguins can give us one last Stanley Cup championship here.
4	Please...do not be fooled.Called the Civic Arena.How dare they trick us.
5	It was quite the honor to be in the oldest arena in the NHL last Saturday (12.5.09) to watch my favorite team (Blackhawks) take on the defending Stanley Cup Champs....what a great game!  (mostly cause Versteeg beat'cha all in OT!)  Seriously, one of the best games I've seen live!The arena was great....made me feel like I was back in Chicago Stadium (tear...)  Loved the intimate setting, and the feeling of being on top of the ice, without spending a fortune.  Fans were great, and had an awesome time!See you in the Finals Pens!!  :-)  GO HAWKS!
1	Customer service from the ushers and their management staff are truely uninviting. I would never go back to that arena again because of their customer service practices. Maybe I'm just spoiled because our arena where we are are very helpful and hospitable. I was around in town for business and luckily i found tickets online to attend game 6 Pens vs Wings. Well this was my experience.I had tickets to the mid section and i new they had to have some sort of club/area where they had better food than the main concourse. I did see this room where they had better food but they had  ushers checking tickets to get access to this  room so i knew that i had to get some sort of pass. Before i try to go in i wanted to see what the ushers opinion about going into that room. I went to the usher in my  area to see what kind of information i can get to see if they give passes so that i can get better food. Upon our discussion, my usher mentioned that they do give away passes to go to the club area but i have to talk to a manager or supervisor. I took a walk back to the concourse looking for a supervisor and i was directed to a corner office where i seen a couple of ushering supervisors answering questions. I asked one of the supervisors if there was anyway i can get a guest pass into a club so that i can purchase better food. I told them i was from out of town and i even showed them my driver's license. They denied me and i just said, i got money to spend, all i want is a good dinner and i want my first experience in the building to be a great one.  I know for the fact that they can get guest passes to these areas because guess what. I used to work for a arena for 6 years. Horrible experience, never again should i even go there or should i recommend anyone visiting for the first time. If you do, lower your expectations.
5	I have been going to Penguin games here since I was in diapers.  I think I know this place better than my own house. Basketball, wrestling, Indoor socccer ( Pittsburgh Spirit ) , arena football ( Pittsburgh Gladiators ) , Ice shows, Monster truck shows and oh those many many concerts. I hate to see you go old friend. I will miss you next year. Everyone needs to go there one last time before the end.
5	"Now you can tear a building down/But you can't erase the memories/This old place may look run down/But it has a value you can't see"I know I'm doing this review under the old name.  To me this place is and always has been the Civic Arena or the Igloo.It's a little frayed around the edges and a little bit worn out now.  But c'mon, it's where I saw my first concert back in '89 (R.E.M. with Throwing Muses).  Heck, I've still got my ticket stub from that one!  It's where I saw Page and Plant in what us up to that point the largest crowd the place had.  I've seen a lot of greats here:  Black Crowes, Pearl Jam, Bare Naked Ladies, Green Day, Jane's Addiction, Red Hot Chili Peppers,  Stone Temple Pilots, Trans Siberian Orchestra, etc.  I've seen circuses, hockey games, basketball games, and ice shows here.  And last night I saw Roger Daltrey and Eric Clapton in what was probably my final concert here.And for you hockey fans, O' the memories!  Three Stanley Cup Championships, Paul Coffey,  Tom Barrasso, Ulf Samuelsson, Petr Nedved, Bob "It's a great day for hockey!" Johnson, Scotty Bowman, Mike "Look out, Loretta" Lange, Jaromir Jagr, and yes one of the greatest hockey players ever, #66 Mario Lemieux!So I raise my glass to the Civic Arena.  Here's to you old girl!  You were a unique venue.  The cityscape on Centre Avenue just won't be the same when you're gone.  No matter what they build in your place, there'll be a huge void without your dome.  On behalf of the hundreds of acts that have played here and the millions of fans that came thru your styles, thanks!
5	My brother Paul and I headed over to the Civic Arena for what will probably be my last event here.  I bought him two tickets to the Eric Clapton concert for his Christmas gift and I told him he can take anybody he wants as long as it's me.  I'm kinda sorta reviewing the concert here and not the arena itself.I read the reviews in both the Post-Gazette and the Tribune-Review the following day and I'm kinda leaning towards what the P-G had to say.  They said "At this point Eric Clapton doesn't have a thing to prove to anyone."  Indeed the problem is when you've been performing for 40+ years, how do you decide which songs you're going to perform?  The paper wondered at first whether or not he would phone it in.  Indeed, Clapton's set was strangely subdued at first.  He led off with "Going Down Slow" and "Key to the Highway."His set also seemed short at a mere 15 songs and he didn't play two of my favorites, "Pretending" and "Layla".  And I've never been a particularly big fan of "Wonderful Tonight".  Luckily he omitted a lot of those 80s and 90s tunes of his which made their way onto Lite Rock stations everywhere.  But he did do "I've Got a Rock-n-Roll Heart" which, granted is now a cel phone commercial, but it still gets my toes tappin'!  He threw in another favorite of mine "Before You Accuse Me" and did an encore of "Crossroads"--another great tune but that's where I was expecting "Layla".And how did Daltrey fare?  Not bad actually for a man old enough to collect social security.  He made a great comment that this was "one-up from a toilet break at a football match."  His was a mix of The Who songs and solo stuff.  The only songs I recognized were "I Can See for Miles" and "Baba O'Reilly".  I was never much of a fan of The Who, but I would have liked to have seen them 30 years ago in their prime.
5	Well my previous review of the Civic Arena may have been a bit premature.  True the Eric Clapton concert my brother and I went to in February (which see under Mellon Arena) was probably my last concert there.  But as it turned out, it wasn't my last event.  My husband's job had a group outing at today's Penguins/Flyers game.  Hey, half-price tickets to a great hockey game--who can beat that!  The Pens didn't disappoint, beating the Flyers 4-2 and clinching a playoff spot!  Wasn't it a few years ago that they were in bankruptcy and on the verge of moving?  Hmm, there's still a little bit of life left in the old barn, huh!So LET'S GO PENGUINS!  Wouldn't it be great to close out the old Civic Arena with a Stanley Cup championship?
5	5 Stars for being the oldest arena in the NHL.  I was blessed, blessed, blessed to be invited to attend game 5 of the Pens-Sens series in the very last hockey season to played here.   Since I'm officially a Buffalonian, I refused to swing my Terrible Towel (gratis upon entering) but "reluctantly" cheered against the Sens.  That's all I'm saying.It is obviously not a 5-star arena but I'm giving the experience 5 stars.  Old school hockey arena; if you trip you're gonna tumble down onto the ice.  Perfunctory concrete concourses.  Narrow, claustrophobic halls to the suites.  Teensy, tiny suites with 4 stadium seats and standing room for the rest.  Yes, standing room for the 11 other attendees.   And no private bathrooms! OMG!If I could add an extra star for being able to drink during double? triple? overtime, I would.   I walked all the way hotel with my vodka/cran.
2	Old. Dingy. Bring on the CONSOL Energy Center.Go Pens!
5	I know the Pens are moving to a new arena come fall 2010 but I am going to miss this place. The Igloo has a great roof/ceiling that is (strangely enough) shaped like an igloo. Pretty good sightlines no matter where you sit. The location of the rink is superb being right downtown on this small hill so you can spot it from almost anywhere.
4	Ok, this arena by far wasn't the best, but it holds much history and a ton of nostalgia. When it was new it was a sight to behold! Very few sports venues have a roof that opens, and the dome shape was consistent with the hockey theme. I'm sorry that I couldn't see the roof when it was able to be opened, but I bet it was impressive. I saw several concerts and NHL games take place here and will always cherish what time I was able to spend here, even if I felt like I'd easily fall forward while standing in the nosebleed section. I am sad to see her torn down, but I also think she needs to be laid to rest. Civic/Mellon Arena, thanks for the memories!
