5	Love it. They've got new fiction and non-fiction and lots of bestsellers. They've got DVDs and VHS and music CDs and audiobooks, both new and hard-to-find older things.They have a wonderful collection of old and out-of-print books and, I hear, local history materials. A good microfilm collection too - Atlantic Monthly from the beginning of the century!They've got lots of glossy and expensive cookbooks and gardening books and home improvement books.But they also have a really nice Oakland location, a beautiful building, and nice spaces to research and read.And great call and hold services within the library system, plus a fully-functioning Inter-Library Loan service. I like the branches too - good experiences at Squirrel Hill and Brookline. Maybe, overall, the branch staff was a little less helpful, for my needs. But still . . .Residents should take full advantage and many do; I actually like the fact that the library system is well-used, but it never feels overextended. A testament to the amazing staff. Visitors to Pittsburgh should stop by to get a coffee at the Crazy Mocha-run coffee shop on the first floor. The coffee is much better than Kiva Han . . . not that that's saying much!  But it's actually good.
5	I love the Carnegie Library.  In summer months, I'll walk through the park from my home in Squirrel Hill!  With DVDs and VHS tapes and new and old books, why go to Netflix or Barnes and Noble?  As an avid reader and film fan, I like to come here every two to three weeks to check out new books and movies.  I especially love the geneology department.  I was doing my family history and they were most helpful here.Sometimes when I want to escape, and have a few hours of Susan time, I'll come here just to browse and read.  I also love checking out a book on a nice day and taking it over to the nearby park to read.
5	The Carnegie Libraries of Pittsburgh are absolutely one of the most amazing and crucial resources of this fine region. Information should be free to the people! Knowledge is power! One day, I was moving to yet another hip, affordable, and stylish apartment, and I realized I owned too many books. I consider up to 10 boxes of books a "small library," so you know I had a serious problem if I was confessing I had too many! I looked at my budget and realized I was spending - literally - hundreds of dollars a month on books. Books that I loved and treasured, and then set aside and never read again. Well, I sold all the books I could bear to live without, and traded my book budget in for a CLPGH library card. I've been reading more, fresher material, books that were often too expensive for me to buy, the books that **never** went on sale, and my book passion went from extremely expensive to voraciously insatiable within a month. I read so much more now that everything is delivered to my local branch. I do weekly pick-ups and drop-offs. The whole thing has brought a level of bliss to my life that I didn't even realize I was missing. The check-out times are adequate, most of the staff goes above and beyond in their every word and deed, providing small kindnesses and excellent recommendations. They have dvds, vhs, and cds as well. They have virtually every magazine you could want --  visit the main branch for a coffee shop, extensive stacks, an exquisitely re-modeled library, and a beautiful magazine reading room complete with a zen garden outdoor courtyard. Bless you, Andrew Carnegie, and Bless you, CLPGH Staff!
5	The perfect blend of old and new--the exterior architecture might not be modern, but the library's definitely with the times in terms of technology.  You can even check your own books out with the self-checkout machine. But, if you're feeling nostalgic for libraries of the past, I know of at least one good ol' fashioned card catalog in the building, in the second floor reference section.The place never feels overly crowded--I always find somewhere to sit near the stacks that I'm browsing.Here's something neat I discovered on the second floor, in the nonfiction section in the back of the building: there are windows that look into the dinosaur hall of the Carnegie Museum of Natural History.  You can get a peep at the dinosaurs for free, if you don't have the money for museum admission, and/or enough time to visit the museum.
5	Free to the People.  Damn right.  This main branch of the library system is centrally located, easily accessible, and gorgeous.  Fortunately, the inside is also a pretty smoothly functioning operation, including a Crazy Mocha coffee shop on the first floor.  My only complaint is the early closing hours during the week, but that's not unique to this library or even to this city, unfortunately.
5	Love the Carnegie Library. Nothing beats being close to the Oakland location! CMU and Pitt students don't know how good they have it.The internal layout of the building is confusing, but worth an afternoon of exploration. There are older rows and rows of stacks, where you can get lost for a while or spook yourself out by looking up and down past the gaps in the glass... yep, that's another floor of books above you and below you. The museum also connects to the Carnegie Museums, which is sort of weird because you have to pay to browse the museum but not to enter the library.In the warm months, grab a book here and some Italian soda and enjoy it in the awkward green space outside the library, right in the middle of Oakland. If it's cold, as it always in Pittsburgh, stay in the cafe *in the library* (brilliant, right?) for a cup of hot chocolate.
5	I've lived in a number of cities around the U.S. and around the world, and Pittsburgh definitely punches above its weight in the realm of libraries. Every time I go in, I feel bad for Barnes and Noble because I only need my library card to take a book home for three weeks at a time.Of course, books are only the beginning of the story, since the library has a great selection of DVDs, CDs, magazines, and archival material as well.All of this is completely apart from the experience of walking up the steps of the main entrance of this Beaux-Arts masterpiece. Sometimes the pure force of the architecture draws me in.As of 2009-2010, the library system's funding has been threatened with cuts, which have mostly affected neighborhood branch locations rather than the headquarters, but I've been happy to write to my government officials to ask them to support this treasure. Heck, on Tax Day this year, I didn't even resent writing a check to the City of Pittsburgh: I just thought about the next book I was going to get at the library.
5	Practically lived here during my unemployment - they have a great book selection, friendly staff, user-friendly computers and copiers.  Only complaint is that their self-scanner usually rejects at least one of my books and I have to go to the front desk anyway - doesn't beat out being my now primary source of reading material and a nice place to hang out.
4	This library is a whole different level. Right near the Carnegie Museum you can also take art classes and I assume drop off the rugrats at the library while you "get your art on" next door. They have a very wide variety of books and a nice layout that lends to a feeling of privacy if you want it. Lively without feeling like a daycare center. I found it sort of odd that their feature book section that hits you when you walk in the doors is African American smutty books. I didn't see all of the books at this library but if their collection of A.A erotica is any indication of the breadth of their other genres it is a library of greater magnitude than I have ever seen in all of my nerd filled years.
5	After living all over the country, this is still the best library I have ever been to. It is MASSIVE, 3 stories of packed books, archived city records, computers, audio/visual sections, its attached to the natural history and art museum, as well. Not to mention the marble stair cases and stunning architecture. The children's section is fantastic, with giant pillows for kids to pay on and read, as well as kid-friendly computers, low desks, etc... very welcoming for kids. As far as libraries go, you can't really beat it.
5	gotta love andrew carnegie's outlook on life:    * to spend the first third of life getting all the education one can.    * to spend the next third making all the money one can.    * to spend the last third giving it all away for worthwhile causes.not sure i'll make as much as he did, but i'm certainly trying to make as much money as i can these days...regardless of what stage of life you're in, this is an amazing library and has something to offer to anyone.
5	Love it.  Great location, and plenty of books, movies, cds, and whatever you'd expect from a library.  Special bonus: electric piano upstairs + sheet music = awesome.I love that it manages to be a main branch without being intimidating.  I've been to main libraries in other, larger cities that were bigger and more comprehensive, but not enjoyable to visit.  CLP Main is very cozy and comforting.Also, check out the free events/programs they have available, like their film screenings.  I've also heard nice things about their language classes.
5	I love the library! And I'm so glad it's open during the evening. What better way to spend a rainy, crummy evening than perusing the shelves in search of some great literary work? Heck I didn't even come here with any plan or even an idea of what I wanted. I simply knew I needed some October reading. And while it's true I could have gone to the Squirrel Hill Branch, which is right around the corner from my house, there's just something about immersing one's self amongst the stacks of a big old main library. So I found some wonderful reading material and headed over to the Quiet Reading Room to look it over.  This room is a fabulous place to go when the weather is too lousy to take a book outside.  I relaxed in a comfortable leather chair and enjoyed the peaceful atmosphere as I was about to examine the collection bound words in my hands.  And which great tome did I select?  "Kingsblood Royal" by Sinclair Lewis.  I'd previously read some of Sinclair Lewis's works before including "Main Street" and "It Can't Happen Here" (a truly frightening tale on what if fascism took over in the United States).  But I'd never even heard of, much less read "Kingsblood Royal" before.  I tell you, there's a feeling I get when I sit down and I'm about to read a great book. It's better than opening a favorite candybar, or trying on a new pair of boots for the first time.  Or when I'm about to try some exotic ice cream flavor I've never tasted before.  Maybe it's the feel or smell of the printed page.  Maybe it's the feeling that I'm about to become one with the author.   It's a feeling that I'll never get from a Kindle.  Libraries are wonderful places and they're far from obsolete.  May they never be replaced by the e-reader.
5	This is a great library.  If you want to research something, or just find an enjoyable DVD or book, this is the place to go.  The Music Library is fantastic, there's lots of sheet music, CD's and movies.  There's a small cafe on the first floor, and the food and coffee is excellent.  The Pennsylvania Collection has some materials that you will find no place else, and it's especially good for geneology.  The children's room is wonderful and the Librarians there are great.  A couple of cool features that I love about this library are the bamboo garden and also a place in the stacks that you can use to peek into the Dinosaur Hall.  Lots of PCs with Internet access that you can borrow.  Helpful Librarians.
5	The interior of this building is gorgeous and in the modern style, and I swear that upstairs where the media borrowing center is looks like a Barnes and Noble. In addition to a wide selection of books and sitting areas, Carnegie lends out DVDs and CDs. I was really pleased at the great balance between mainstream movies and Indie documentaries. Borrowed a stack of CDs too for burning at home. A great place to spend the weekend, and I recommend bringing visitors to Pittsburgh here as well.
5	I'll just pile on and say this place rocks. Beautiful space, super-knowledgeable and friendly librarians, big honkin' selection of good books, old and new. Plenty of places to sit and read, and you can even carry your coffee around to the various rooms on the first floor. It's just a top-notch library.I especially enjoy taking advantage of their non-circulating titles -- the ones you have to read in the library, or sometimes right in the room from whence they came. There's something truly ceremonious about sitting down and reading in this glorious branch, and you will feel most welcome.
5	I'm not sure I can say much that every other person here hasn't! This library is pretty darn perfect. It's comfy. It has beautiful architecture. It's really fun just walking around browsing different sections inside the library. And you can find everything from a cafe to reading rooms hidden in this spacious building; I've been coming here on a regular basis for six years and I'm still discovering new nooks and crannies in this place! Haven't seen the ghost that supposedly haunts the lower levels yet, though...And the resources are splendid - the librarians can help you with research, there are staff members who can work with people who need help finding jobs, and the library also offers numerous lectures and classes on a regular basis which are usually free. I'm currently enrolled in Spanish and Japanese classes, which didn't cost me a dime.Pittsburgh's library system overall is absolutely wonderful, but out of all of our libraries, this is the one you need to visit at least once - just to see it and experience the glory that is the main hub of the Carnegie Library system.
5	I feel that they should have taped the library scene for Ghostbusters here instead of in New York.  Honestly, I do.  There's a very grand type of entrance, nestled behind trees that makes you want to mosey on up the stairs.  No trotting, skipping or walking is needed.  Just mosey on up there.  Heck, if you feel like it, take a moment and take in the air out front and just marvel at the building.Inside it's a bit of a labyrinth to navigate.  I have never been inside this branch before, but it is huge.  Tons of seating for any number of people to enjoy.  I discovered that my favorite place to sit and let the hours go by is in the bamboo garden.  Quite the perfect place to sit and get your work done.  I didn't even realize that I let a couple of hours slip away until I was done.  Perfect weather allows for you to enjoy that bamboo garden.Staff are super courteous and helpful beyond means.  Able to answer any question and direct you to where you need to go.  Of course the book selection is amazing.  Unfortunately my recent visit didn't allow me to browse the books, but I'm sure since I work right up the street I'd stop in to browse on a break.  Maybe even just sit in here for the peace and quiet it offers.Huge bonus, free Wi-Fi if you have a library card.
4	This is the main branch for the Carnegie Library and it is needless to say, HUGE. The place holds more books than you can imagine, and even if they don't have it, you can bet that one of the other branches have it. They'll request a copy of anything that your heart desires and it'll be sent right away. I requested a copy of Steven King's It and it came in around 2 days (don't judge my taste in movies). I love coming here to study, relax, browse, or even just to hang out with friends.  They don't have a great selection in movies but hey, I should just go read a book anyway.
5	This is a beautiful library. They obviously have tons of books and materials. Their Children's section is great, especially for our daughter.Since it is so big, there is generally a lot of place to sit and read or work on a laptop. I allow appreciate the self-checkout stations, which in general are well-placed and easy to use. The librarians have all been extremely helpful. They've helped me find out about programs at the library I wasn't aware of.I highly encourage you to check out the programs the library offers, as they offer a lot of different areas of interest. We've been taking our 4-year old daughter to a Spanish story and activity night each Thursday during the summer. Not sure how much she is learning, but she is having a lot of fun with it.Note that you need a library card to access the WiFi, since you need to enter your Library Card ID. Otherwise, it works great.Seriously, just get a Library Card and get reading.
5	This place saved me from heat stroke many a time in college when I had no ac in my house. Id hike over here to beat the heat for a few hours on steamy July days. Actually it's so nice inside I kind of got excited to study cause I knew I'd have an excuse to hang out at one of the epic long tables inside and look up at the marble ceilings. Aside from how aesthetically pleasing it is, you can rent pretty much any tv show, movie and cd that's out. If they don't have what you want, they will also order it for you, just be patient it might take a month or so. Also the late fees are super reasonable and you can check out like 30 things at once. PS good people watching inside.
5	This is my favorite library & lucky for me its about a 5 minute walk from home. I had stopped reading for a little while and then decided no more! I needed my face in a book. I stopped by this beautiful library and checked out the 'Staff Picks'. I found a great book  titled Where We Belong by Emily Giffin. I  finished the book in 2 days. Over the next 2 weeks, I had finished 6 books that Ms Giffin had wrote-- all are awesome by the way! One was "Something Borrowed" which actually was made into a movie & is listed as the last great book that I read on my Yelp About Me. I still have to see the movie.... which I'm sure this Carnegie Library also has. Speaking of movies, the movie section is more than decent. I rented the Hangover II a few days before going to see the 3rd one back in May (needed a quick re-cap before the new one ) , so that says something about how recent their selection is. Not bad at all. (on that note, can I say that the 1st one was the absolute best. Although I do say 'Chow so cold' a little more often than the normal person) Another great thing about the library is that there is room for everyone! There are multiple places to use a computer  (2 rooms upstairs, multiple computers in the hallway, the teen section, the children's section, ect-- Of course the teen and children's section are reserved for that age group)Sometimes on Mondays, I'll bring my 3-year-old niece over here and we sit for story time! Afterwards, she has fun picking out books and playing kid-friendly games on the computer. This library is truly beautiful.. and gigantic!
5	What can I say? It's a library! What's not to love? Ever since I was little, when asked what I wanted to do when I grew up, the answer was always "Librarian". I lived in the library in school. Sadly, dreams don't always come true. I'm not a librarian. :( But I do love the Library and I always will. This one in particular is quite beautiful and serene. I could quite literally get lost in there..(and actually I think I have), but who cares when you're surrounded by books!
5	Yelp took the words right out of my mouth when I clicked 5 stars: 'Woohoo! As good as it gets!'I've moved around A LOT, and therefore have been to my fair share of libraries.  This one, The Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh, Main Library, tops them all! First:  What a gorgeous building!Second:  So spacious! I never have trouble finding a good study spot.Third:  ALL THE COMIC BOOKS YOU COULD EVER WANT TO READI never leave this library empty-handed.  I'm either carrying a precariously stacked pile of book or a coffee from the Crazy Mocha inside on the first floor.I even chose this library to study in over the Hillman Library while I was in my undergrad at Pitt.
5	I would classify the main branch of the Carnegie Library as one of Pittsburgh's best cultural institutions, right up there with the Carnegie Museums.  I come here at least once a week to pick up books and/or movies, hence my Duchess status.  While the staff don't know me by name, they know my face, and they always deliver service with a smile.Of the Carnegie Library branches in PGH, this one is definitely the largest and has the best selection.  However, I often request items from other branches, since it can be a pain to get around without a car, and I'm lazy.  Items requested usually show up within 2-3 days, unless there's a mile-long wait for them, so I just put in my requests a few days before I'm finished with my current items. Through this process, I can usually obtain just about any book I want, and most movies I want.  Because of my ability to plan ahead w/r/t movie borrowing from here, I've ditched Netflix, and have never used a Redbox (what heresy...gasp!!!).  My only minor complaint is that occasionally I'll receive a DVD that skips, but I always report the problem so it can be addressed.  If you borrow DVDs, just be sure to return them on time, since the late fine is $1/day/item.  I always return them on time, so I've never had a problem.Since many others have commented on the aesthetics of the building, the only comment I'll add is that its grand, old, stately nature is an interesting contrast with the more modern vibe of the Squirrel Hill branch (which is great in its own right).  I love the author names carved into the exterior above the front door.  If you're a book, movie, or music lover, you can't go wrong here, so stop in today!
5	This is one of my fave libraries in USA, hence the world. Where can I start? Ok, they have a cafe inside that even has soy lattes, and yummy sandwiches. Everything is here! I even took a Spanish class here. They have excellent programs. I love the leather chairs in the international poetry section. Ask for the free wifi code. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful. It is a part of the foundation center if you are seeking grant information. It's beautiful and attached to the museum.
5	There's not many places I would consider "flawless," however this library is nothing short of that and more. Even if you're not a reader, you have to at least visit to see how grand it truly is. From the main rooms to the smaller nooks and crannies located in the back, you can easily get lost in this immense building filled with everything imaginable from books to DVDs and even sweet treats and coffee. I can almost always find something of interest while visiting!My favorite parts of this library are the true crime and Blu-Ray section. Not many other libraries in the city have specific sections for these so it's a great thing for me! So in conclusion, get a library card and support the amazing Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh!!
4	This library is great! There are rooms, and rooms filled with books, movies, and CDs! Plus any books that are available at other libraries not at the library can be requested and delivered to your local library. I actually don't read a lot but I still love this library. The only problem with this library is that is is hard to find stuff.
