5	Hannah is hands down the best dance teacher I have ever had! Her classes are so much fun and a great workout :) I would absolutely recommend her for anyone who has been curious to try pole or burlesque or dance in general. She is so encouraging and you will leave class feeling amazing and excited to come back the next time! I  had never danced before when I first started taking classes with Hannah. 5 years later dance is a big part of my life and I have to give a big thank you to Hannah for that!
5	Hannah is not only an absolutely amazing individual, she is also an amazing teacher. Taking pole classes with her was the most fun I've ever had! She made me feel completely comfortable and confident at all times as well as encouraging me to push myself. She makes classes enjoyable with her all welcome attitude and her incredible sense of humor. You'll be asking yourself, "Am I signing up for classes because I love pole so much or is it just for Hannah?"
5	Hannah was recommended to me by one of my closest friends who raved about how wonderful she was. I had never danced before, so getting started was all a little intimidating. From the first time I contacted Hannah, I knew that it was going to be a great experience! Hannah has a vibrant, welcoming personality that makes you feel like you just fit right in. She's a fantastic instructor who will meet your individual needs. Taking her class has increased my confidence, physical fitness, and my love for dance! I would recommend Hannah's classes to anyone!!
5	Hannah has a way of making stubbed toes, sore muscles, and bruised shins feel sexy, feminine, and empowering! Every session with her is not only good for your body but also your confidence and your OWN heartfire!! Thank you Heartfire Hannah for making fitness beautiful and something to look forward to!!
5	Best pole dancing teacher around! Hannah has a way of making you feel comfortable and ultimately confident in yourself.  The way she approaches teaching is non intimidating. She is a super sweet girl with a contagious personality. I always leave her studio on cloud 9!
5	Hannah is amazing.  She will great you with a hug not an handshake, she has amazing energy, a great personality, and she will push you to your limits and beyond. I always wanted to try pole dancing and was invited to try one of her classes. I have been going to her ever since.
