5	I had Lasik this afternoon. It's now 8:43 PM. I just woke up from my post-op nap and I'm the happiest dude in Tempe. I haven't been able to see this well since I was a little kid. There's nothing like standing in my backyard and staring up at the finite features of the moon through my own eyes.Lasik itself is great but obviously I'm not reviewing a surgery. This place deserves five stars for four major reasons. 1.) They were overwhelmingly friendly from the minute I walked through the door. 2.) They did a fantastic job preparing me for what to expect. 3.) I arrived at their office at 2:15 pm today and was done w/ surgery by 3. I know some people might think that sounds a little cold and impersonal but it wasn't. The doctor was extremely friendly and as soon as I shook his hand I relaxed completely. 4.) This surgery cost me 700 DOLLARS TOTAL! I responded to a banner ad they were running on Google for 299 per eye. I assumed it was a bait and switch. For me, it wasn't. I understand that everybody's eyes are different but I qualified for that price.
5	I had custom lasik at the Lasik Vision Institute 4 days ago.  The staff and doctors are wonderfully polite and fastidious.  Both doctors answered my questions and so did the staff..the staff even gave suggestions to things that I would have never thought of until later.  I went in for a free consultation and ended up getting same day surgery which was amazing because it was a busy day.The procedure itself was not painful at all - it felt a bit odd - but it was quick.  Post "op" I had some fogginess and about 4 hours of discomfort which is supposedly normal.  I had lasik at 430pm and by midnight I could see clearly.  small objects were still a bit misty but I anticipated this because I have such a high prescription.It has been 4 days and my eyes improve daily.  I ran errands yesterday and could see better than my brother who has never had glasses.  I have worn contacts and eyeglasses for 25 years and this is the most liberating thing to happen to me.  I am looking forward to my 2 week appointment and I would suggest this place to anyone.  If you go in thinking you will have same day surgery know that you cannot drive yourself around and you will need good sunglasses.Based on reviews I read on here of people who had lasik I expected quicker results but everyone is different and I still have great results they are just coming about slower.  But I'll take this over dry contacts and slippery glasses any day!Also, the pharmacist took 2 hours to get my prescription filled for the 2 types of eyedrops post op - so call that in pre surgery.Thank you Lasik Vision Institute!
5	I was blind as a bat now I have 15/20 vision. It's been a year since my operation. Very happy with this place.
5	The staff is amazing! I had an awesome experience with perfect results! I am now a year out from my surgery and it's as good as the first day. I have and will keep recommending LVI to anyone!
5	I had LASIK done here in June 2012. I was initially drawn to it by Tim G's review, hoping that I would also qualify for the $299 per eye prices. Unfortunately, when I had my consultation they quoted me about $8-900 per eye for traditional LASIK. (I can't remember the exact price they quoted). My contact prescription was -2.50 in both eyes. I was a little bummed and decided that I didn't want to continue and I left. I was already starting to regret that I didn't just get it over with, as it was something I'd been wanting for awhile, when about a week later, they called me and offered me a lower price. They told me that they could do it for $599/eye for the traditional technology if I did my surgery on a specific date. I took them up on their offer and scheduled for a Friday morning. I decided to do all of my pre-LASIK appointment and my surgery on the same day, so I arrived early that morning, had everything done, spent a very long time waiting around being nervous (as your eyes can not be dilated for the surgery, and that is part of the exam to make sure you are qualified for LASIK), and then had my surgery around 3pm. I am very very pleased with my results. If you are thinking about having LASIK surgery done, I highly recommend the Lasik Vision Institute. I couldn't be happier with them!
4	After deciding at the end of 2012 that I wanted Lasik, I turned to Yelp for some guidance. Based on the great reviews, I chose this spot. I was really happy when they were able to schedule me a consultation on a Saturday. Although the area is a little rundown, the office/facility was very nice and I was pleasantly surprised. The waiting room was modern and comfortable, employees friendly. They ran a few tests on my vision, gave me an update on next steps, then dialated my eyes, sent me to wait in the waiting room, and then they called me back to give me my estimate. It was going to be $850 per eye (based on my prescription) and she gave me an extra 10% off with my Aetna insurance. I scheduled my appt for 2 weeks later. They estimated 3-4 hours for the process. After I checked in for the surgery, I waited about a half hour, got called back to pay for the procedure, and then went back to the waiting room. They called me back for the surgery (with someone else) and then we waited in that room for almost 45 minutes. The whole time we could hear the employees laughing, telling stories and shooting the breeze. It was really annoying. When I finally went in, the procedure took approx 5 minutes per eye and they did a great job talking you through it the whole time. It was painless. They also provided sunglasses and goggles to sleep in. From start to finish, I was out in 2 hours. My husband was a little pissed because he was prepared to pick me up in more like 3.5 hours, not 2. Big difference. On my day after, I didn't need glasses. At my check-up, I was almost 20/20 and was at 20/20 by my 2 week check-up. I am incredibly pleased with the results. Okay, okay, I am ecstatic. I took away a star for the long wait times, going back and forth between waiting and examination rooms, and the misquote with how long the procedure would be. One nice thing they did was call me before my 2 week appt to ask if I wanted to reschedule. The day I chose was going to be a surgery day which would mean longer wait times. I appreciated that they would be proactive to give me the option and gladly took it to change the date!
5	I had lasik this afternoon.  It all started last week when I went to visit this office for the exam to see if I was a candidate.  Everyone was so nice and friendly.  I was a little anxious and they were very patient with me.  They took lots of one on one time with me answering my questions and just letting me freak out a bit.  Everyone I saw asked if I needed anything when I was there.  I was offered lots of snacks, drinks and blankets.  After my meeting with them I felt very comfortable and that this was the place to have my surgery.  They booked me for the next week which felt so fast, but I was ready.  Today I went in and they took some time looking at my eyes again and answering any questions I had.  I was there for about 2 hours, but the surgery itself took only about 10 minutes.  I was so nervous, but everyone was just so nice and helpful.  The Dr. was great and explained everything as he was doing it.  My eyes are a little uncomfortable right now, but I can see!  It's amazing.  I would recommend The Lasik Vision Institute to anyone thinking of getting lasik.  The team just made the process a lot less scary.
1	I arrived on time for my appointment and had to sit in the waiting room for over  a half hour with a blaring kids  movie playing on the waiting room television.  The waiting room was not very clean and the furniture was worn and outdated.  While I was waiting, people were being rushed out the door who had just had their Lasik procedure done.  The staff were walking them out telling them their aftercare plan in front of the whole waiting room.  When the "sales girl" finally called me back into a room she did not apologize for the wait.  She only said, "this is surgery day.  We are busy.  We tried calling to reschedule you (I received no such call). Then she made me look into a machine while she looked at my eyes for about ten seconds.  She then led me to her sales office to talk pricing. She gave a very lengthy sales pitch and did a poor job pretending to listen to my concerns. I am nervous about having this procedure done and she made me more nervous.  She made it seemed like I needed to have the procedure done ASAP before my eyes got worse.  Then she made a morbid comparison to Lasik being equivalent to cutting her finger off.  Then she pushed a finger down and modeled to me what her hand would like missing a finger.  She would not offer specifics on pricing and kept throwing out numbers and percentages.  She made me feel rushed and like I had to decide today if I was going to go with them for the procedure. She discouraged me from using another form of payment other than their financing and kept throwing percentage rates around as to why she was right.  I asked for documentation stating the pricing and discounts available to me and she declined to produce any such document stating, "This is not like buying a car.  I am not giving you any written pricing.  Anyway, the pricing changes all the time.  These are your eyes we are talking about and you only have two (like I didn't know that)."  She created a huge sense of urgency with getting the procedure done and kept repeating, "You only have two eyes."  She kept telling me what "most people" do, which is pay the day of the consultation and get the procedure done the following week.  She also told me she needed a $100 deposit before I left today if I decided to go with them.  I told her that her sales pitch was making me feel uncomfortable and rushed as I am in the early stages of exploring this procedure.  She became offended, defensive, and moody claiming it was not a sales pitch and that "I only have two eyes." She would not even continue the consultation and have my eyes tested to see if I was even a "candidate" for Lasik without my committing to pay.  I then said that I felt their company was not a good fit for me and she led me out.  I do not recommend this company based on my consultation experience.  I would not trust them with the actual procedure because they seem very concerned with getting people in and out of there as fast as they can to make $$$! If you do get the procedure done at this place, you should not pay more than around $1500 per eye because that's the final price I was verbally quoted at my consultation.  But, like the "sales lady" said...prices are always changing! This company needs to train their sales people on how to effectively communicate with clients, build trust, and be empathetic!! Oh, and give clients documents on pricing!
5	So I had my lasik surgery done on May 8th 2014..Thursday. my experience was amazing with this company. Staff was awesome,helpful and professional. I recommend ANYONE to get this procedure done here. Thanks lasik vision institute for changing my life. Wooohooo!!!! My vision before was horrible. Today 11days later my vision is 20/20 still not 100% but it is very close to being there.
1	I had my LASIK consultation today.  I waited in the waiting room for about 30 minutes prior to being taken back by the "Director of the Center".  She took me in a room and did a quick "test" on my eyes and then brought me to another room, sat me down and asked if I had any questions about the procedure.  I said I had numerous questions, but would prefer to speak to the surgeon (No need asking them twice, since I really only cared about what the surgeon had to say).  She said asking her my questions/concerns was "one in the same".  I think not.  That was the first red flag.  The second one came after she said I would not be meeting the surgeon at all prior to the day of surgery.  Who in their right mind agrees to an elective surgery without meeting the surgeon prior to the day of surgery?  I have never heard of such a thing!  I'm assuming after you pay in full you are then allowed to meet the surgeon.  The third and final red flag came after she said she would schedule me an appointment with the surgeon at another time and then revoked that offer, saying "We just don't do that here."   I got up and left.  This place is obviously a LASIK factory mill and I'm not willing to put my eyes at risk to save a few bucks. Beware.
5	It has been over 2 years since my lasik and my vision is still 20/15.  I have gone to LVI for two annual exams and they are still polite and quick and a bit charming.My husband went with me last month to get a free consult since he has worn glasses for over 20 yrs and contacts for the last 10 years.  The optometrist told him his vision is 20/20 and he needed neither surgery nor contact/glasses.  IT turns out his vision is actually a hair shy of 20/20 but contacts are not required.  I appreciate their honesty.I still recommend this place to EVERYONE.
4	Eyes are dry a lot, but the Dr prescribed an eye drop that seems to be helping.
5	I brought my mother in here a couple of weeks ago to see if she was a candidate for lasik. Every single person there was extremely nice and helpful. Their prices were very affordable and they even offered us 20% off due to us being referred by a friend. My mother ended up needing a procedure that they do not offer but they quickly referred us to another center. As you can tell from my five star rating, I highly recommend this place.
4	I had my surgery done on August 14th and I was amazed with how quickly I recovered. After only a few hours post-op, I was able to see road signs and my clock from my bed, which were things I could never do before. The next morning, I went in and the eye exam revealed that I had gone from 20/600 (-5 in both eyes, one which had astigmatism) to 20/20!   Initially, they gave us a 10% discount, but I had received an email about procedures being 20% off over the summer, so I asked them for an adjustment. The amount for the entire procedure ended up being around $3,500. A friend of mine flew to Korea for her procedure and paid $1,400 for her flight and another $1,800 for her IFS LASIK procedure, but if I were to do it all over again, I would choose to go back to the LASIK Vision Institute in a heartbeat. My husband was really pushing me toward PRK, but I chose LASIK because I did not have the recovery time (they said it would be 2-3 weeks vs a few days) and still, if I were to do it all over again, I would choose LASIK. I had minimal discomfort and dryness and I opted not to pay for the permanent punctal plugs. I used the prescribed eye drops, which cost me $80 at Walmart, quite liberally. I will say that they cause a strange metallic aftertaste that is appalling, so be forewarned.  I was concerned with the blurring in one eye that kept coming and going, but I have read that it is normal. I also had some ruptured blood vessels from surgery, which are now gone. Surprisingly, I've had minimal dryness compared to what I was expecting. You know, like having dry eyes while wearing contacts. Even the Acuvue Oasys brand contacts would cause great discomfort. An optometrist basically told me I shouldn't wear contacts at all because my blood vessels were growing toward my corneas, so glasses were the only option for me. I'm in my early 30's and I don't know why I didn't have LASIK sooner. Also, the halos they warned about don't seem any different from what I experienced with glasses. I'm thrilled. My husband says that there is a glow about me and honestly, I feel liberated. No more smudged glasses or crooked glasses, worrying about getting them knocked off of my face, or fumbling for them upon waking up.My only gripe with this facility is that they scheduled a bunch of us for "surgery" at 9AM. The receptionists seemed to spend more time in the back of the office than the front. I waited until 2PM. The procedure itself lasted only 15 minutes. As we sat, nervously waiting in a dark room in our ridiculous garb (a hair net and some shoe covers), we were reassured that all we needed to do was stare at a light during the procedure. Dr, Kownacki performed the procedure and again, repeated that all I needed to do was stare at the light. The procedure itself is indescribable and there was slight pressure due to the suction and speculum. He must have done a fantastic job because during my post op, the person who examined my eyes said he could barely tell that the procedure had been performed. I know there are a lot of horror stories out there. I read a ton of reviews before deciding to go through with the procedure. The consent forms I signed at the office also caused my stomach to churn. However, nothing in life is without risk. Do your research, ask questions, and negotiate the price of your procedure. I wish you the best of luck in your decision-making process!
5	Had Lasik vision correction here in feb 2014, vision has been 20/15 since. This was the best $2k I have spent anywhere. Only issue I have is I wish I had seen their ad sooner. The breaking point for me to get Lasik was that LensCrafters kept screwing up my last prescription!
5	100% Satisfied. Today is day 2 of my procedure. On day one I woke up and could not believe what I saw, because I saw everything. I immediately took my daughter to our flower gardens and I saw color, shading and detail that had never been there before with a clarity I can't remember ever seeing. While I could see at 20/20 vision with my glasses, this is just different and for the better....MUCH BETTER!!! At my next day follow up appointment I walked in and asked if I get to hug everyone there. While I realized it isn't guaranteed, I was seeing at better than 20/20 vision after Lasik and they said additional improvement is still possible and that the clarity will probably get better after done applying the medicated eye drops. I'm ecstatic now. I can't imagine if it gets better....Are there negatives? Well perhaps the initial recovery. My eyes were a little scratchy/irritated after, but unlike other medical procedures where the benefit of the surgery can take months to realize, you actually "literally" begin seeing the benefits the moment the procedure is over. You will walk away without your glasses. By day 2 I am having zero negative effects. My eyes are not dry, scratchy, runny, etc....I'm putting eye drops in just because.  As for Dr. Kownacki and the staff at Lasik Vision Institute, they were professional and made me feel comfortable and relaxed through the whole procedure. Be assured and glad you choose them if you have the surgery. This is already worth every penny and I can't believe I waited so long.
4	I wanted to spend a little more when it comes to my eyes. So I did. Bottom line, it was worth it and they are very professional and nice at The LASIK Vision Institute.
