4	Dear wells fargo on Central,I consider this bank my home bank. I tend to gravitate here most, between all of the Wells Fargo spread across the valley, its my favorite. Sometimes there is a water bottle cooler, like that and most of all on Friday they have fresh cookies, why? I guess to keep customers like me happy. You can go to the normal personal line, merchant teller, or drive thru.  I always like going into the wells Fargo, the people  are very nice and that makes me feel good about giving the bank money.  Thanks for keeping a speedy line when I'm in a rush and allowing me to deposit my checks minutes before you close.Happy banking,Kevin
1	My letter to Wells Fargo:Wells FargoAttn: Branch Manager3002 N Central AvePhoenix, AZ, 85012To Whom it May Concern,I understand the customer is NOT always right. I understand that I am not now, nor will I ever be your best, most profitable customer. I don't make a lot of money, I am living paycheck to paycheck and barely making ends meet. I am trying to get back on my feet to where I can live without floating one bill to pay another. I have a Second Chance account and I am trying to do the best so I can transition to a regular account. But none of this means your employees have the right to treat me like a second class citizen. You have to understand that in customer service, when a customer has a good experience, they tell one to two people. When the customer has a great experience they tell 3 to 4 people. On the opposite end of the spectrum. When a customer has a bad experience, they tell 10 to 12 people and when they have a horrible experience, they take to social media where they are visible to hundreds or even thousands of people. I am a relatively new customer to Wells Fargo. Since opening my accounts, I have been in several times for various transactions, usually depositing a paycheck (which are now direct deposited), and have really always received world-class service from your employees from the moment I would walk in, to the moment I left.Yesterday was a completely different story. I will start by apologizing, as I was out of line at the end of the transaction. I drove off and flipped the teller off. I strongly feel though, that my actions at the END of this transaction do NOT validate your employees' treatment of me at the BEGINNING of the transaction. I was in a great mood because I finally received my tuition assistance check for $3669.00 from Arizona State University where I am a student. I rushed over to make it to your branch before they closed. I went through the drive through, only wanting to deposit this check. My friend and I waited for 10 minutes. The teller never apologized for the wait or explained what the hold up was, she just left us waiting. I am still in a great mood at this point though. Finally she comes back and advises simply that my check is being held. I ask why and until what date. This is when the conversation goes downhill. She tells me it is on hold until Tuesday because I have a Second Chance Bank Account and the check is from Bank of America and if I don't like that, I can go next door to Bank of America. Are you kidding me? Her first reaction is to tell me to take my business elsewhere?? Who does that?? She was so condescending and rude I was shocked. But I let it go and collected my ID, debit card and receipt. I noticed the receipt read the deposit was $3669 and that $3469 was being held. I pressed the call button and asked the teller about the $200 difference. She was clearly irritated with me at that point and tells me the entire amount is on hold as it clearly states on my receipt. I tell her its not clear on my receipt, that's why I am asking. She responds by telling me she is going to get her manager. What? Are you serious? Up to now, I have not talked back to her, I have not raised my voice, I have been completely respectful. The manager comes over. I try asking my questions again and she cuts me off saying as it clearly states on your receipt sir, the entire amount is being held. I say again, its not clear on my receipt. She again cuts me off and tells me its clear on my receipt. She cut me off and repeated herself 3 times. I was so furious I drove off and that is when I flipped her off. Again my apologies, but again, this does not validate how I was treated. I went into the branch as soon as they opened this morning and spoke with a manager. As soon as I told her I had gone through the drive through last night, she stopped me and said oh, "you're the guy that flipped off my employees?" and proceeds to lecture me as though I am a child and basically threatened to kick me out of the branch. Again, I had not raised my voice this entire time. She finally lets me explain what happened, and though she is verbally apologetic, it is clear she could absolutely care less. In fact, several times, she kept saying I don't know why they would have talked to you like that, I don't know what the circumstances were. There were no circumstances that I should have EVER been treated like that. Yes I flipped them off, but that was at the very end of the transaction as I was driving away. The manager never asked for my name or phone number, never said she would get back to me if she has other questions. She was just giving me lip service, and barely made any real effort at that.Normally I can forgive and forget, but these two interactions from three employees are unforgivable and I am now questioning my loyalty as a customer.What reason do I have to stay?Sincerely,Lucas R.
1	I stoped using this wells fargo location as well as stoped  using wells fargo all together due to the fact that the tellers and bankers are not trained to give honest reliable answers about anything. They will screw you over. I did not have  a pidly account with a few dollars with them, I had a large business account and they seemed to make nothing but mistakes at every turn. Maybe try B of A at least when they are going to screw you and be unrealiable they will tell you about it from the get go.
4	Teller was super efficient and pretty friendly.  That branch is usually good about getting the people in and out.  Very important when you are trying to live your life.  Cash dem checks baby!
