3	This review is based from just one dining experience here, I'll update it after our next visit.That said, the food and service was very good. My wife and I ordered a couple of the lighter entrees, and boy, they weren't kidding. At our reciprocal club the "lighter" options are still usually enough for a meal. (think European portions) Next time we'll get regular entrees and I'm sure they'll be delicious. Though small, the entrees we had were very tasty as I'm sure all menu options are.The ambiance could have been better. Mainly because we were seated next to a table of people who were talking loudly through our entire dinner. ("So we couldn't fit the mercedes, the Lexus and the Infinity in the garage already, and then he goes and buys ANOTHER Lexus!" -- queue haughty laughter, etc....) Kind of annoying.
4	I attended a conference dinner party here, thus didn't have a choice of the food eaten. It wasn't necessarily what did I would have ordered, but it was high quality and tasty.  Appetizers were various salted hams and salamis with pickled veggies, mustards and small slices of toasted French bread.  We also had a calamari type salad, almost like a three bean salad but with calamari in it.  It was tasty, but not how I usually like to eat my octopus, this was almost like a cole-slaw, in a vinegarette. I prefer my calamari breaded and deep fried!  Main course was lamb chops along w shredded lamb with a side of mashed potatoes.  I am not a huge lamb fan, but the chop and the shredded meat were actually very good.  For dessert we had a cannoli and some tiramisu.  Both were ok, not great.My favorite part was actually the rolls and butter.  There was a nice variety of freshly baked rolls from classic French bread to panini rolls w parmesan crust. The rolls were perfectly crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.  I could eat rolls and butter like this all day!Again, not what I would have ordered, but very high quality food. If I had my choice, I am sure the food would have been excellent!  Nice atmosphere and excellent attentive service.
3	A private social club located just off the Capitol square...and thus frequent host of politically oriented events.  Hits: Discrete, courteous staff who provide professional service without being irritating. Misses: Could stand a carpet face lift and some general updating. Luncheon options range from mediocre to standard social club fare: read, not much "wow" factor. Hints: The basement level is huge and more modern than the main floor. Monday's offers non-members (like me) a chance to sample what the club has to offer.  Midwest reminder:  They do not allow jeans (although not strictly enforced).The web page lists reciprocity with other clubs for visitors.
4	This is a great bar to have a few drinks with friends and dance on their dance floor.  Monitors in every room display music videos of the song being played, and the lights make it a great atmosphere to let yourself go and have a good time!  The menu is a bit pricey, but well worth it for the fun to be had!  Recommended for the Saturday night dance scene.
4	We had our wedding reception at The Madison Club this August, and overall were very pleased with our experience.  The service staff is very good - attentive and professional.  We were in the Louise Marston room for the cocktail hour and dancing and the adjacent dining room for dinner.  The Louise Marston room is beautiful.  Periwinkle blue walls with elegant crown molding and crystal chandeliers that make the whole room sparkle.  If you are looking to host an event, this room is lovely.  I did rent chivari chairs and would recommend that to give an updated fresh look to the dining room - their chairs are fine, just nothing special.  Only bummer was that the steak we had at the tasting was a completely different cut than the night of our wedding.  (the steak the night of the reception was much more sinewy and a tad overdone)  I realize it is challenging with high numbers, but I was hoping it would have at least been the same type of cut.  Other than that, this club is a well oiled machine and aims to please.  And the bathrooms are gorgeous!  Favorite one is on first floor, but the second floor is pretty too.  If you are lucky enough to have friends who are members, hint at an invite!
5	As a long-standing establishment in Madison's downtown, the history of the Madison Club is fantastic!  What I love the Madison Club for is their top floor bar with unmatched views of the lake over Monona Terrace, as well as their killer food and service!  Every event I've attended here has been well run and impeccably staffed, making it a fantastic addition to Madison's business community as well as social community!  Not to mention they have a reputation for finding and building fabulous chefs....you can thank them for chef Dan Fox being brought to Madison!
5	I attended a wedding here last night and everything was great.The space is gorgeous, and well decorated.  It is well laid out, and has a lot of space.The food was delicious, and the drinks were well made.This is a wonderful event space.
5	I held my wedding at the Madison Club over memorial day weekend and it was perfection! The staff handled every single thing from top to bottom and I truly had to worry about nothing! Chastity was my coordinator and she drew up very specific directions to make sure that the evening flowed and all of the changes in the rooms would be done smoothly.  Those directions were perfect and the staff knocked it out of the park!  Beyond that, the food and drink services were awesome!  The dinners we served for the reception not only looked gorgeous when they were set in front of guests but they also tasted amazing.  I know I might be biased, but it was BY FAR the best wedding food I've ever had! Others have said the same, including my mother, who is not easy to please....If you're looking for a place that can handle everything from the ceremony to the reception, you will be VERY happy if you choose the Madison Club!
