3	DON'T BUY SHOES HERE!  The scrubs are nice, but I would not buy a pair of nursing shoes from here.  Their return policy sucks.  You cannot return shoes if they have been worn.  I bought a pair of nursing shoes that were $100, and I was told that they are said to be very comfortable- as much as Birkenstocks are, and they don't require a breaking-in period.  After wearing these shoes for 12 hours my lower back was extremely sore, and so were my legs and feet.  I was pretty upset because these were $100 shoes and they are not comfortable for any long period of time.I just called the store and asked about returning them- well of couse I cannot because they have been worn.  And I was just  found out that I should have been told to break them in, and only wear them for about 4 hours a day until they are comfortable because the shoes re-align your hips and back.  Okay, so I will try that and hope and pray they get comfortable because I would hate to have wasted $100 on a pair of shoes that I cannot wear.I give 3 stars because their return policy sucks.  Of course it says "satisfaction guarenteed".  How is anyone supposed to know if a pair of shoes are comfortable unless they have worn them- longer then when you just try them on?If you aren't shopping for shoes- then yeah, this is a nice place.If you want to buy a pair of shoes- like Danskos or Allegria and you have never worn them before- DON'T BUY THEM HERE.  Dillards sells Danskos and you can return them if they aren't comfortable and they can be worn.  Allegiras can be purchased from their website for the same price and their return policy is better.  I regret being eager to buy these shoes.  I should have bought them from the Allegria website.
3	They are very friendly and I was able to purchase a pair of scrubs for a great price! They offer a 10% discount so that is an added bonus! The tops and bottoms I bought were $9.99 each which was excellent compared to UNLV's $130 per pair!
1	The only reason why I went here was because I got a 30% coupon at school during the Nursing Appreciation Week. I usually go to the scrub store near Russell Road. This is was my second HORRIBLE visit. This blonde girl(chubby or preggers) that works there has a very bad attitude. I was hesitant to walk in but it was the last day to make the purchase using the coupon. Let me just tell you that she wasn't very accomodating. Why bother working if you're going to drive customers away? If retail isn't your forte, DON'T WORK because it makes people like me mad at your kind. I would have bought at least $200 worth of shoes and scrubs but instead, her little attitude made me not want to spend money there. Sorry, that's just the way it is..
4	Friendly staff, eager to help you.  This was my first experience trying on scrubs so I needed to figure out what looked best on me. I was helped while in the dressing room by them bringing me additional sizes. I had a good experience here and the selection was nice as well!
5	A little higher priced but it is the only place to get nice scrubs of quality. I like to be fashionable in my work attire.  I like to be comfortable. I shop here because they have a reasonable selection and carry a very good quality, long lasting scrub. I work graveyard, 12 hour shifts. I dont have time to shop a lot so this place is where I go and get exactly what I need.  The staff is really helpful and knowledgable too. They help me get in and out.
3	Every time I've been here, the staff has been extremely helpful and always willing to help me with sizing and explaining different brands & materials.  They have a pretty sizable selection; however, I find they are always limited on sizes.  I'm a petite S or M, and I have a difficult time finding my size in the scrubs I like. Usually, the sizes they have on the racks are the only sizes available.  The staff is always willing to order the correct size for me, but I'm an instant gratification kind of gal.Also, they are a bit pricey.  I've found the exact same scrubs online for more competitive pricing, but like I said, I don't like waiting so I'd just rather pay a bit more for the item right away then wait for online shopping. :p  I also like that they offer a discount depending on the hospital you work for or if you're a student.  That's definitely helpful!The real reason I keep coming back to Scrubs & Beyond is the staff.  I've always had exceptional customer service here, and that's enough for my patronage.
4	I hate shopping for scrubs.  They are my least favorite thing to shop for.  I'd much rather be spending my money on purses or nice shoes or regular clothing.  But alas, I wouldn't be able to afford any of those things if I didn't buy scrubs for work and bring home the bacon.  So since we've established that I don't have a choice in the matter, if I have to buy scrubs this isn't a bad place to go for them.  The service is excellent for a scrub shop.  The store is very well organized and there's a nice selection of brands. Sometimes finding your size in a certain color is difficult but in most cases they can order what you're looking for and you can pick it up in store later on.  Make sure you tell them which hospital you work in because, chances are, you'll get some sort of a discount.  This is the place my department uses for our scrub credits (we get a $50 credit here to buy our assigned colors.  Anyone that knows scrubs knows that doesn't go very far.  So the extra 10% off helps.)I think I'll be back here more often, especially since I'm pretty sure life uniform in Whitney Ranch is closed...
2	This store is in a good location, in the Target shopping center. They have a variety of scrubs but they are lacking in the popular brands of scrubs. Most of mine had to be ordered. The staff seemed courteous in the beginning but after a while they seemed annoyed with my questions. The girl placing my order on the computer moved slow and stopped to huff and puff every so often making it take even longer. Next time I will order online thru a different store and save myself the frustration.
4	This store always has a good selection of scrubs. Most of the time they will always have your size, if not they will order it for you. I do know if you work for Sunrise hospital they will give you a discount. The staff is nice, not overly friend and doesn't normally bother you or as if you need help. They pretty much just stand behind the cashier desk, which I fine with me, as long as they help me when I ask for help. The store is very clean and the scrubs are always in there designated area and color coordinated. They have two dressing rooms and both are a good size so you don't feel cramped.
1	New manager Ashley is unprofessional and  RUDE! After THEY messed up on an order I went in to check status of the order and she was very rude advising me that they send items for embroidery on Tuesdays (no one mentioned that before and as a customer, how am I supposed to know that) I told her I did not appreciate the attitude, she said she had attitude because I had one first (waving her finger as she spoke) although I'm not the one getting paid to provide good customer  I explained that I simply asked a question, and that the first time we placed our order it took 4 months to get the order right (there was a change in management @ that time as well) This is our 2nd large order. She continued to repeat that "well we send orders out on Tuesdays" I informed her that I am also in customer service and regardless of the tone or attitude I am given I don't let that affect the way I respond.  I advise her I would call corporate, her response "good so will I" with a smirk. We are paying customers that will take our large office orders elsewhere next time. Location won't matter, customer service will!
3	Pretty small medical supply place, but they carry a pretty good selection of scrubs!Even though I am only allowed to wear black and white scrubs, I saw lots of different designs and plenty of different colors to choose from.What I really like to is that they have pants for the shorter people, like myself.Prices range from $20 - $40 on the scrubs tops or pants, I'd say that's pretty pricey.
