3	The internet is dog slow but the staff is very friendly and helpful and the breakfasts are what you would expect. They even have social hours at night which I haven't attended yet but they do serve complimentary food and drinks. The rooms are decent...a bit dated but generally comfortable.
5	My buddy and I were doing and IronMan and needed a place to stay. He found this place through a co-worker and I am so glad he did. To start, I am a guy ok. I have been in the military and no silver spoon came out of this mouth upon birth. Basically, I am not too picky as it pertains to hotels. However, this place was really nice. The room had two bedrooms with full baths and a common area with a kitchen filled with all the amenities. It was nice and clean. 3 flat screen tv's. Wireless internet came with the room. The beds were comfy (i can sleep anywhere) but my lady friend said so also. They had a free breakfast, which normally means coffee, juice, a muffin and a few other items. Residence has a full breakfast. Eggs, sausage, yogurt, bagels, muffins, milk, oj and apple juice, rice, bread, cereal, apples, bananas, and a belgian waffle maker. There is more stuff I am surely forgetting but you get the point. What a great surprise! And to top it off, this was included in the room price. I thought it was pretty awesome! Especially since I have been consuming somewhere around 3000 calories a day for the last 4 months. The staff was also quite pleasant and very helpful. We checked out a little late and they didn't have an issue with it at all. When I am back in these parts, I will definitely stay here.
4	Clean, comfortable, nice staff.  Devil in details - all these little ammenities left in the room over halloween.  Simply lovely business stay.
5	I've been here for about a month for work, and I am very impressed. I live out of hotels about 200 days out of the year, and this is one of the best extended-stay hotels I've been to. The staff is WONDERFUL! Really, from check-in to housekeeping, all the staff members are professional and friendly. I bring my dog with me, and the charge is a typical $110 no refund charge. The food is surprisingly good, and the breakfast selection is HUGE. The hotel is laid out like apartments, so you do feel like you have privacy. -good wifi (free)-good breakfast -great staff -nice kitchens (with OVENS in each room! Usually hotels only allow for burners)
5	This is the best hotel I have ever stayed at. And ive traveled a lot. So I know what good hotels are. The staff is amazing! I have really, never met more kind and considerate staff. They go the extra mile to make sure you are comfortable there.We got slammed and put in a horrible situation and they understood it and made us never want to leave.Especially the day my cat got out of our room. She was lost, and all the staff left their posts to help us find her. And they did! They got her back to me!After I was trying to relax by the fireplace Corey at the front desk personally made me, my husband and my mother all hot chocolate with caramel and whip cream! When they were supposed to charge us an extra $10 in Sunday night, they gave us the room free. Just so many little things that they don't have to do, but make a difference!As far as rooms go, they are clean, spacious and comfortable. I was homeless for a week and stayed here and felt okay with that!I would though get an upstairs room because after 5 nights, a horribly obnoxious family was put above us and they were crazy loud! Even then, we called the front desk about it and the next thing we know they all are outside playing. Which is better than upstairs.Can't blame the hotel for the guests!But we didn't hear any of our next door neighbors!Please stay here! It's amazing!
