5	Though I can't speak as to the spa side, this place is almost worthy of being called the perfect gym. The facilities are clean and the staff is always available and friendly, yet it's kept enough of a secret that it's almost never crowded. It is hidden inside the Pointe Hilton Squak Peak Resort but gym memberships are available to the public at surprisingly reasonable rates. Members are given access to a heated pool, steam room, sauna, in addition to an entire gamut of classes at the workout facility. If I still lived in this neighborhood, this would undoubtedly still be my gym of choice.
5	My sister and I visited Tocasierra Spa while on vacation in Phoenix (we were staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak, which this spa is a part of).  We scored facial and pedicure appointments with little notice, and were very impressed with the spa facility and the staff.  I still contact this spa (from North Carolina!) to mail-order their sugar butter body scrub and lotion -- it is the BEST!  If you are in Phoenix and need spa services or just a manicure/pedicure, I recommend calling Tocasierra.  At the time we were in Arizona, we read that Tocasierra was rated one of the top ten spas in the state so you may be better off getting an appointment instead of hoping for walk-in luck.  We probably got lucky with our appointments because we were staying at the hotel.
3	The fitness part of this place is great: machines are new and plentiful.  Good classes on the schedule, and plenty of cold water and fresh towels.Now, the spa, on the other hand, is mediocre at best.  The pool is a bit of a walk and available to anyone at the hotel; same with the jacuzzi, which also means the jacuzzi is outside!  Why no jacuzzi inside?  The steam room is small and there is no sauna.  There are only 3 shower stalls, with shampoo and shower gel, but no conditioner. The lounge area is also small and not at all relaxing.  And the robes are super thin (with a chilly room; that's not even nice!) and not very big.  I had to sit very carefully so as to not expose myself to everyone. Hello! haha.The massage itself was very nice, but the spa is not relaxing, especially for the prices.  I wouldn't return to the spa, although the gym is good.
4	When I look for a gym I'm really hoping for the following: -Conveniently located (either by home or work) -Decent mix of free weights and machines -Not too crowded -Reasonably priced I've found a great match in Tocasierra. My employer has a corporate account with the center, which brings the price down to just under a dollar a day! You can't beat the price. A decent range of classes are included in membership, from Yoga to Strength training. I haven't tried any classes yet, but I've heard that they're good. The fitness center isn't big, but it's fairly complete. There are several cardio options, a full set of dumbbells and around ten machines. One other plus, they have an honest to god bench press. Machines just don't cut it. A pool is available as well. It's big enough to do laps in, so that's a plus. Over the years I've found that one of the most relaxing things I can do is work out on my lunch break. I get my head straight for the rest of the day and I don't have to feel guilty about being lazy in the evening. Thanks to Tocasierra I can do this! I should also mention that the staff is very friendly and helpful. Good stuff.
3	I've never used the spa so this review is strictly for the gym.  I had a membership there through work for a few years but truthfully I would not pay full price for this gym myself.  It's very high priced for what they offer.On a positive note, the facility is small and non threatening (good for those like me who are not really gym people overall).  All the machines are well kept and you can easily get access to one right away.  They offer a ton of free weights and a schedule of classes.  I'm a HUGE fan of the yoga workshop by Sherry.  She really describes the postures and why they are good for your body.  It's a wonderful class to take for beginners to yoga to really understand the full benefits of the practice.  I can't speak for the other classes but they seem like fun and have people religiously attending them. Overall a great low key gym located at the Squaw Peak Hilton Resort.  It's just the price and the front desk service I could pass on.
3	Great to use if you live in the area , small and quiet has a great pool although is on the run down side missing some tiles and landscaping is kind of sparse where things have died and not been replaced. The towels are circa your high school locker room ..used to have nice ones but i was given some weird story about how they got mixed up with the hotels?The gym has lots of treadmills , weight machines as well free weights and is clean .  Great for the moderate workout. Overall is a nice facility but could use some upgrading as its a hilton hotel and spa.
5	I came here on the second day of my Phoenix vacation with several family members for a combination of facials, pedicures, and massages.  I made reservations in advance to make sure that the spa could accommodate everyone at once.  We selected this spa because we were all staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak, so the location was convenient, and they were offering happy hour pricing that fit our budget.  The spa is located across a parking lot from one of the hotel buildings, and is relatively easy to find.  My husband and I arrived first, were handed big fluffy robes and directed to the men's and women's locker/waiting rooms to change and prepare for our appointments.  The locker rooms were lush, with ginger scented lotion and soap, a cedar sauna, showers, and a relaxing waiting room with iced tea and cucumber water available for refreshment.  I enjoyed a facial by Barbara. She did a wonderful job, analyzing my skin, suggesting and applying treatments most beneficial for my skin type. I was left refreshed, and for the first time ever did not break out after the treatment.  I also had a pedicure, which prepped my feet for a week of desert hiking, pool(ing?), and flipflop shuffling. Even after all that abuse, they still looked great. It has been two weeks, and the polish on my toes hasn't chipped a bit!My husband enjoyed a massage and pedicure.  He said that he loved both. My other family members seemed to equally love their experiences.  In all, I think this place is awesome. The facility's ambiance is perfect for anyone seeking the zen relaxing spa atmosphere. The people providing the spa services were very professional.  The price, reduced due to the happy hour rates, was just right.If I ever make my way back here again, I will definitely stop by.  If they are offering a few deals, I will probably treat myself to another spa experience!  Thank you ladies!
3	I went here during spa week for the first time ever and had 2 service. Firstly, this place is kind of hard to find. Its detached from the actual hotel, its in a weird office looking building to the east of the hotel and there is no real signage telling you where to actually go.When I checked in I let them know it was my first time visiting them. There was very little "tour" given. As in, I was shown to my locker and wasn't even told how to function it, had to ask one of the other spa goers. They had a steam room (which is tucked in a weird corner in the locker room), which I didn't even know about until the end of my visit after I was fully dressed and ready to leave, which totally bummed me out, had I known about it I would have taken full advantage of it. My first service was my massage. It was one of the worst I have ever had. The guy seriously talked THE.WHOLE.ENTIRE.TIME. Oi Vey! aaaaaaaaaaand he seriously worked me over so hard that I was sore for 2 days afterward, I've never had that happen. HOWEVER, my second service was a facial and it was top notch. I loved that the table had a warming option! The technician was very sweet and did a really great job! Also I loved that at the end she didn't try to push/sell me a ton of products like a lot of spa's do.
4	Great experience during my short stay in Phoenix. Loved the cucumber water offered during your wait, enjoyed a renewing mani-pedi and good talk/company with pro's and co-victims alike. :) I klutzed out and messed up two of my not-quite dry fingernails, and they were kind enough to redo them. All around fun experience.
