3	Even though I haven't had much luck at this location over the years, I still stop by when I am at this mall. I'm still a longtime fan of the brand (since high school, mind you) and I am still optimistic. I've been looking at this black wool boucle motorcycle jacket and now it's on sale for $49.99 (regular price $89.99). I tried it on today and it fits me like a dream. My husband says that I have enough jackets, though. But I am still debating. After all, I need to shop for my next trip to Hawaii (next month) and comfy shoes are on the top of that list (we are pretty active on our vacations and walking is an everyday thing for us).  The layout of the store recently changed. The women's clearance section is on the far right of the store near the dressing rooms. The rest of the markdowns really weren't too impressive. Some jeans were marked down to $49.99.Generally, I don't buy jeans at that price. See, I'm searching for the best deal and that's still pretty high for me. I'm sure that I will still stop in though, in the future, due to my optimism and love for the brand.
4	Unfortunately folks, I had to grow up sometime. I had to *gasp* cave in and get some more professional clothes for work. This totally bites 'cause if it were up to me, sweatpants and  hoodies (okay, I'm from Canada... it's winter 6 months out of the year) are basically a uniform.Sigh! So meandering around Fashion Show Mall to look for deals, I sighted the new, downgraded (ie, smaller) Gap store there. What? A sale? Plus an additional 30% off clearance prices? I'm so there! I dragged the poor hubby in with me and walked out about with a large bag of clothes including: a jersey dress, 5 tops, a pair of grey dress pants for $95.24 including tax. The hubby's jaw dropped when saw the bill and gave me a high five. It was so awesome, it was ridiculous.Buyer beware: with Gap, there are definitely some quality issues with some items. I made sure I checked everything I purchased to make sure that they were okay but I did see some sad looking items hanging around the clearance rack. Just double check everything before you buy.
4	Jacob Palmer might not approve of the GAP, but I am a huge fan. This is one of the nicest GAP stores in Las Vegas. The selection of clothes is varied. The only issue is their sales area is heavily picked and tends to be slim. With summer winding down, most of the stores are in the midst of clearing out their inventory. The best part, we stay warm until the end of October. I like the ombre t-shirts and the colored skinny khakis.
4	This review is for the new location (Coldwater Creek used to be here), across from Bare Minerals (Nieman Marcus side). The old store used to be located where TOP SHOP now occupies. Seems to be a better layout- mens on the left, while womens on the right. We immediately were greeted upon entering. Like always, the clothing was in order. The clearance racks were well-stocked. (The other store off The Strip, in the PH's Miracle Mile Shops has a Body by Gap, too, so it's better to check that store out.)There was a sale going on, but the signs were kind of confusing. Some selected items were "up to 50% off", while others had 20% off or 30% off. I did see more items that I liked,  though, like the warm winter striped cardigans and the customizable yoga pants at $24.99. I might check it out after the holidays when stores typically wanna clear out their inventory to make room for their new stuff.
