4	Burger was GOOD and I loved the tater tots, too!! Didn't get a chance to try everything since we only went once!! Can't wait to try more, IF I COULD FIND ONE IN THE BAY!!!!!Didn't give 5 stars for the fact we pulled into the drive-in and when we pushed the button for them to take our order, they tell us they are closed and go to the drive through (BOO!)...we really wanted to take advantage of that...I was shocked that it was closed at 11pm-in Vegas on a Saturday!!! I THOUGHT NOTHING CLOSES IN VEGAS!?!
1	friendly service, fun atmosphere but a liitle slow. hamburgers,hotdogs,shakes and ice cream. better than dairy queen but still not real good food. every time i get a chili dog it falls to pieces from the cheap buns. drink specials 2pm-4pm 1/2 off are really the only reason we go anymore. last time we ate was during the tomato scare and they were still serving them & we all ended up sick
3	This is the first Sonic Drive-In i've ever seen in my life despite all the commercials they have on TV. Pretty good service and the food comes quick- i love how the ordering, paying and receiving of food all happens with the customer being inside their parked car! The food was just OK to me- we ordered a cheeseburger, a toaster sandwich (which my friends liked a lot), fries and tater tots. Slushys here are overly sweet! We came during happy hour so all the slushys were half off.
3	Okay, this place really isn't *that* bad.  Good selection of burgers / sandwiches served on texas toast (!), hot dogs, tater tots (!) and slushies.  The whole "car service" is a great novelty.  Pull up into a spot, peruse the menu, push on a button and place your order.  Wait anxiously in your car for your order, watch the servers literally roll out to your car to deliver your food.  Staff was friendly and quick.  Great value, as well.  Sure, it's not the best place to go to in Vegas. But if you're in the area and need to satisfy your hunger, it'll do...
1	Half Price Drinks from 2-4pm @sonicdrive_in daily got me in the door for a cherry limeade which was fantastic ...BUT I made the mistake of ordering a chili cheese dog which had to have been the WORST hot dog EVER. It was like a boiled cheap gas station weiner with runny flavorless chili. YUCK:( Now I remember why its been awhile since I last ate at Sonic-just bad fast food still trying to survive on the car hop nostalgia totally missing it on the food
3	Yum. Great cherry limeade and banana shake. Tater tots were super hot, which I love. Service was quick and friendly.
3	Sonic's...oh Sonic's How many times do I have to be deceived by your commercials and pretty pictures of your food? So here goes, as a late night guru, one must be thoroughly acquainted with late night fast food drive thrus. This Sonic's is on West Sahara, about 5 minutes from where I live: definitely in my comfort zone of travel. All the usual fare of Sonic: sundaes, burgers, and limeades. All done well here. I suggest drinking your cherry limeade with a peppermint in mouth and caramel sundaes here. I usually stay away from the burgers and sandwiches because they usually hover around bland. Grilled cheese, tots, and stuffed jalapenos are also notables. Chicken fingers are also decent. I suggest eating here if you're not in the mood for the same old JITB, McD's, or Del Taco. More pricey than the usuals but well worth the novelty of dessert at 2am from a drive thru...namely because all JITB and McD's turns off their ice cream machines in the twilight hours. ^_^
3	The limeade is premium fast food trashy fun.  The foot-long coney fills the void with a soft bun soaking up the chili and the frank is a pork & beef mix like it should be, not the hard dry all-beefs that people seem to always want (Hebrew National excepted).  Soft serve with blended-in extra stuff.  Staff is fast and friendly. This is all the fast food classics and I like it.
2	I had my first Sonic burger yesterday.  It wasn't what I expected it to be but it was good.  The Sonic Blast w/ Reese's was damn good though!
3	I'm digging their new hot dogs, and the BLT is pretty good too.
4	This location has been a staple to my lunch list of places to eat, depending on where I am working. Generally, good service, and standard Sonic quality.Today, I ordered, could barely hear the order taker, luckily, my order was right! A definite rarity. Their machine asked if I wanted to pay by card, which I did, unfortunately it did not want to accept my debit card. Oh well, tossed another one in the machine... a half dozen times, before I was able to pay.It seemed like mere seconds before my special order burger, drink and tots mmmm delicious, savory tots were delivered by a roller skate enabled car hop.Took off back to the office, scarfed down my burger, enjoyed tots with fry sauce, which if you have not had it, is a must! And drank the soda too quick so I could savor the crunchy ice.
4	Why would anyone take the time to write a review about a drive thru burger joint? I mean, they're a dime a dozen, right? Well, for my money Sonic Drive Thru is a cut above most of the other chain burger places that line our streets. The burgers at Sonic are always fresh and made to order and the variety of burgers to choose from is quite extensive. A lot of the big chains have to slather their sandwiches with secret sauce or condiments to hide how dry they are. This isn't the case at Sonic. Their burgers are always juicy and full of real beef flavor. These are the kind of burgers that you have to hunch over to eat or you end up with a stained shirt. That's how a burger should be.   The fries at Sonic are fried to crispy perfection and the serving sizes are generous. Sonic's onion rings are easily the best at any burger place I've ever been. They are always hot and fresh with a perfectly crunchy fried shell. They are heaven.   This part of my review may sound a little odd, but Sonic has the best fountain Coke I've ever had. Now you may say that there isn't any difference from the Coke at one place or another, but Sonic has to be tweaking their Coke in some way. The first time I took my wife to Sonic I told her how good the Coke was compared to other places. She thought I was nuts until she tasted it for herself. She was hooked. If anyone knows their secret I'd like to know. Sonic's milk shakes are also worth the extra calories. They always have an assortment of specialty shakes for different seasons and holidays and they are always delicious. Sonic no longer has one of my favorite treats on their regular menu: the Cream Pie Shake! These were available in banana, chocolate and coconut. The Cream Pie Shake do occasionally pop up on the menu in a variety of flavors and if they are being made when you stop by, they are a must. Enjoy!
3	Standard Sonic. If you like Sonic, you'll like it here. Fun Fact: we shot a pick-up scene for a porno here in Jan of 2010.
4	3.5 STARS but will bump them up .5 star because I don't have a lot of Sonic's near my homebase in SF Bay Area.  From the Yelp listings, I saw that Vegas is lucky to have a LOT of Sonic locations.  When I dropped by this one, I thought this was the only one in the whole city...oops, guess I was wrong.My MO whenever I go into Sonic is to stick with things I know.  #1 on that list is the limeade.  Everything else I have had gotten mixed results.  Today, I tried the Chicago dog and the tots with a limeade.  The dog was OK, the bun fell apart later when the relish and pickle started to make it mushy.  The tots surprisingly were very good and not undercooked or overcooked.  And of course, the carhop workers who had to deal with some pretty nasty wind conditions out there so I sympathized a little bit.  I tipped mine a few bucks.Still love the limeade!
5	Five stars all the way! I love Liz & her staff!
3	I've always loved going to Sonic. Cheap eats and drinks that tastes better that McD's or any other fast food places in town. My bf loves their malt shakes. I love that I receive texts informing me whenever they have daily specials (like .50 burgers or .99 hot dogs). Food comes fast and the carhops are usually friendly.
5	I am a regular at this Sonic and I really like the employees a lot.  Great treatment and very nice.  Don't know what I would do if I could not stop here on my way to work.
5	Sonic . . . so good for dessert!  They also have a happy hour between 2-5 p.m. where drinks are half off.  Includes the limeaid.
3	Food is great and on par with other Sonic locations, but this location takes their time getting your food ready in comparisson...especially if you go through the drive thru window! If you go through the window then expect to be in line a while because they're not as quick as they should be. Probably an understaffed location is my guess.
1	Tuesday night sweet tooth went unsatisfied as we started to order some frozen desserts.  Only to be shot down with, "I'm sorry but we're out of ice cream tonight". WHAT?  Are you kidding me?  Plenty of other spots to go for dessert and we will not be coming back here.
3	Just rolled in to get a quick small vanilla milkshake, which was pretty good size for 2 bucks. The milkshake itself just tasted like plain soft serve ice-cream, but I honestly wasn't expecting much to begin with. Nothing special, nothing bad really.
5	I've been coming here almost twice a week just to get their milkshakes. For only less than $3 you get this awesome milkshake that will have no problem in satisfying you. It's so creamy and thick (which is a plus in my book). Service is also cute. Sonic is a drive in fast food place. You order on this machine by pressing a button and talking to an employee. Once you're done they bring out your order by skating over to you! Yes, the staff wears rollerblades. They give you the food and you pay. Sonic is pretty cheap when it comes to food as well, but I'll update my review once I've tried a variety of items.
5	Love it - love their happy hour - the limeades are awesome and the sweet potato and potato tots wonderful!
2	I don't know how you don't know how to make a simple burger right! I was on my way to work and wanted to stop and eat. and this isn't the 1st time ive been to this place and its the same thing. now this time the manger took care of me without a problem so I will give him that but man im not going back to this place for a while!
3	There are a lot less Sonic locations here than in Texas, but yet I never really find myself seeking them out now that we've moved here. I tend to like their commercials, and they have some decent discounts/specials: like right now it's summer shake season, with half off shakes after 8PM.Went in today and got a peanut butter chocolate flavor for myself, with a chocolate java chiller for my guy. He also took the liberty of adding on a garlic parm hotdog on their new cheese bread dogs, and an order of their little-known "extreme tots"- chili cheese tots with ranch and jalapenos.I'm not a huge fan of the food with this chain and this location didn't stand out from others. Tots are typically too salty for me, ordering them this way lessened the salt flavor. Hotdog, despite the special bun, did not have much flavor either, but the parm sauce on it was pretty interesting.Shakes were thick and large- prices here seem higher than I'm used to though. PBC shake was better than the java chiller, but I'd like to see a coffee flavor on their shake menu in the future.I like how the drive-up stands have credit card slots to pay after you order. Wish they could add on a feature to tip this way. I'm always baffled about how much/whether to tip someone to bring me my order, but here the drive-thru section gives you the option to go their instead of to a stand if you know you don't want to tip or don't have cash in addition to your card.
4	They have the best drinks.  I love the fresh fruits and amazing variety . And during happy hour not only are they half of they have .99$  corn dogs onion rings and mozzarella sticks!   Great place to stop before a Long drive
2	LOVE SONIC! But not a fan of this one. Unfortunately it's the closest to my job. They almost every time I go, take sooo long to bring your order. Once i waited in the drive thru 18 minutes for a shake! Also hate how they don't mix the slushy drinks well. My opinion is they need to be faster and more about customer service.
2	I had been craving a milkshake from sonic for weeks, I finally went and got one today! The guy didn't put the lid on all the way, MILK SHAKE EVERYWHERE!!!! All the guy did was offer more napkins! Half of my milkshake spilled out. I even paid more to get extra pie crust in the shake...I et to work to get and my order is completely wrong! It's not brain surgery people!!!!
4	Delycios
3	Another  1 a.m. Trip to to this joint for some Munchie food before some great action with the girl friend going to be great planning on rocking the Casbah
5	Drive in ! No inside dinning! Great for kids! Cheap food for the masses. Who doesn't like an old style DriveIn. Crazy to pay for ice cream and sit in the car with my heat on... Lol! Eat it...love it...Yelp it!
4	This Sonic location always has excellent service and quick service. I come here during happy hour and despite the long lines I'm always in and out of the drive thru in a reasonable amount of time.
