5	I was looking for a local florist that could make a floral arrangement I saw on line. I talked to the florist and she asked me exactly what I was looking at. I took her to the web site and she said they could make it exactly as it looks like on line. I ordered the flowers and had them delivered to the restaurant we were going last Saturday night. When we arrived the flowers were waiting on the table as planned. They LOOKED GREAT. Better than I would have ever imagined.  Even the staff at the restaurant were making remarks on how great they looked.  This florist went way above an beyond my expectations. I will use them every time I am looking to send flowers.  It is so great to have someone local you can actually talk to and they will follow through with great results.  Thanks a lot for making our 25th anniversary the best it could be.I highly recommend them.
5	Great service! I found this place online. The flowers were beautiful and looked exactly like the pictures shown. Also, delivery was on time, which I appreciate. Recommended!!
2	Unfortunately I did not have a good experience with this floral shop. My husband ordered flowers for Valentines Day to surprise me at work. I can't say anything about the flower arrangements, because I never received them. Without going into the long sorted details, what I was unhappy about was the customer service I received. I had to go back and forth with the shop's staff calling the shop three times, finally to speak with the owner who really didn't get that the issue was that the customer didn't receive the flowers ordered.  Instead it was about defending their delivery methods, their delivery person, the circumstance and that the flowers were delivered -- just delivered to a random person in the wrong place and nowhere to be found. I would have accepted another flower arrangement, but wasn't offered this until the very last minute but too late in the game after being frustrated with the whole experience and just wanted a refund.  Then I was told to work that out with Teleflora. As a customer, I think this situation could have been handled much better.
