4	Pros: Wide selection, friendly and knowledgable staffCons: Location is a bit out of the way
4	Small, quaint little book store, packed well with books of all kinds. There are hard backs, paper backs, leather bound and some really "old books". The shelves are loaded with volumes arranged together by subject matter, like any book store or library would do. I found a small selection of craft books and cooking books which are my favorite thing to browse, but compared to some, it was a very small selection, mostly on quilting and old cooking books. The paper backs were very comprehensive. I found no place to sit, the counter was up front and the two employee's were busy reading through their lasted find. They let me browse and when time to check out were very friendly. I actually found something I wasn't really looking to get, but the price marked was reasonable. I actually paid less than what was written on the inside back cover, which is where they mark their prices. Today, they were having 20% off sale, so I made out. As I was checking out, I was asked if I had any trade in's, so if you bring in something they want, you can use the offer towards the purchase, cool!
4	I discovered plaza books a couple years ago thanks to the Radio shopping show and have been going ever since.  It's a smallish looking store, but has so many books. I can find almost anything I'm looking for here and at least half off the cover price and many at just 1 or 2 dollars. If you bring in books to sell them they give you store credit towards anything you purchase. The owner is real nice and sometimes if I forget an author or book title she will look it up to help me find it. They also make good recommendations. One time I was in and had just finished reading the last Dan Brown book and was asking if there is another author similar and was directed towards Steve Berry's books which I have read a few of now and am definitely a fan.
5	As a former English major, this little shop is like heaven to me.  HEAVEN!  I traded in about 15 books and donated 2.  In total, I earned $30 credit which means that they take 1/2 off your purchases until you reach the total credit amount you have earned (this is kept on file for you in case you don't spend it all at one time).  My only suggestion to people who plan to shop here is to bring a list of books you are looking to find!  I was so overwhelmed by the amazing selection that I could not remember what I wanted to read and could have walked around for 2 hours if I did not have other people with me!
5	This is what my own personal heaven would look like.  There are floor to ceiling books, everything from new bestsellers to classics, and they're reasonably priced.  The trade system is more than fair, and they don't typically seem to turn your books down, unless they're already sitting on multiple copies of the book you're attempting to trade.  This store is terrific!   I do agree with some other reviewers that it would be helpful if they had seating, but I have made use of a step-stool on multiple occasions, and sat and read happily for an hour or two.  If you really want to see what a book is all about, a chair (or lack thereof) is not going to stop you!
4	Today was my first time going here. They have a vast selection of books,  more than I thought they would have. Prices aren't bad. Definitely would come back.
