3	was good they had a special on medium pies so i went here because it was the closest staff was pretty cool i would go their again
2	So I am not sure why but twice now we have gotten undercooked pizza. Both times I got sick. If you order the thin crust it's fine. But both times it was bad it was an XL regular crust with extra cheese. The same employee was working both times so maybe he just undercooks. I am so done with this location.
1	Worst phone customer service from Iris and Angela, I regret calling in to ask questions about/ modify my order. I was hung up on abruptly as we were trying to figure out what I needed to do to re order because my previous order I put in incorrectly and called right after for help, Angela got frustrated as people in the background kept interrupting her and took it out on me. I called right back after being disconnected for the benefit of the doubt.Angela was apparently a delivery driver and left to run a delivery less than 30 seconds after hanging up on me. I asked to talk to a manager and follow up on my order confusion  to see what was happening with it. Iris stated she was the manager and was apathetic to the fact I was hung up on or what happened and did not take any ownership for what happened and all she could say is I don't know what happened I wasn't there, she told me to cancel your order, which is ultimately what I was trying to do to reorder online to get the points because I'm close to a free pizza, I do not believe that was a manager. I worked in customer service for many different companies and I was appalled at what happened and how this was handled. I would never treat someone like that, even if it was warranted which it wasn't. It was also on speakerphone because my phones messed up and people that were with me were also shocked.. I won't be able to feel the same about ordering from this place for a while. This is my customer service horror story, and it's my first. Thanks. I ordered from the one on Thomas and picked it up rather than put in my correct order online for them to deliver. This was just not right.
1	There needs to be an option for a half a star. Or no star. Called on my way home from work to order a pizza to pick up. Got to the front counter before anyone had answered the phone yet (it was on automated pick up for 4 minutes) when I got there the phone was ringing so I hung up my phone so it would stop ringing. The lady working came up to the counter and I told her I've been waiting for someone to pick up the phone for 4 minutes. She told me the phone never rang. REALLY? And as I'm sitting in the waiting area waiting for my pizza I for some reason decided to still order, the guy making the pizzas is cussing up a storm. What a great experience!
