4	What a cute little place this was! The servers were super friendly, and the food was just great! We were surprised by the metallic chopsticks, but they were easier to use than expected. We had the Kalbi and the Bulgogi - both super excellent. The portions are slighhtttly on the smaller side, so you might need to order a few plates to share, but a really nice place overall.
4	Super happy to find an equally cute and tasty place as Ganadara near where I live. Kantapia serves similar food, without several types of ramen and kimbap. But I'd prefer their bibimbap. Why? Because they put the freshest veggies in! Not shredded carrots, but actual vegetables like zucchini (it's really rare for Asian restaurants to use anything other than lettuce and carrots).The meat dishes like galbi are really delicious, they never skimp out on the meat nor the banchan (side dishes). They often come to you when they notice that you're running low on your kimchi and ask if you need more, which is why my boyfriend and I often go there whenever we're too lazy to cook for ourselves. Kantapia is the place to be for some heartwarming home-cooked Korean food.
5	I was in Montreal for business and was craving some serious Korean food.  Living in Los Angeles, I have pretty high standards when it comes my peeps cuisine.  I was very happy to have found Kantapia.  The place was decorated very well (Korean style), it was packed with many customers, and the service was fast.  I believe this place was only open for three weeks when I went.I ordered the soon tofu chigae (hot soft tofu stew), haemool pajun (seafood pancake), and daeji bulgogi (spicy pork).  Yes, I ate all three.. i was hungry.  My favorite was the spicy pork and soft tofu stew.  The marinade was just right and spices were perfect.  The seafood pancake was more of an egg omelet and the scallions were a bit big, so it wasn't the typical seafood pancake style, but it was still good regardless.After my meal, I had a nice conversation with the owner's daughter (who was very cute by the way) and learned more about Montreal and the Korean community.  Overall, it was a great dining experience and I'd recommend this place without any hesitation.  I was pleasantly surprised to find such an authentic Korean restaurant in Montreal.  Kantapia is a must try!
4	On the hunt for something new, Kantapia stood out with good reviews, friendly prices, and fairly close.Turns out, it's a tiny place that seats 15-20 people. Located downtown on rue Sherbrooke close to McGill metro. The floor to ceiling bay windows, perfect for people watching, ensure plenty of light brightens the dining area. The colorful signage and K-pop(which wasn't blaringly loud), along with the young attentive Korean staff create a nice vibe. The open kitchen is a nice touch. Service was stellar. The waitress brought us menus and a carafe of clean cold water after we sat down. A small dish of kimchi and another of sweet potatoes were provided while we were waiting for our food, which came out quickly. I expected prices to be on the high end(being downtown and all) but was pleasantly surprised that $10 was enough for my meal with enough leftover for a tip (check out the photo of the menu).As to the food, the sweet potato appetizer thingy was really nice, but I found the kimchi a little too salty, I've never had kimchi so salty before, so that was a bit off putting.  My friend had the tofu jjigae which was very nice and I would definitely recommend it to anybody that enjoys tofu.  I had the kimchi bokkeumbap with ham, which while also tasty was a bit too salty thanks to the abundance of kimchi.Definitely more of a lunch place than a dinner place this as a nice option for anybody that works in the area.  The prices are friendly as are the staff and the food seem fairly authentic for  Korean "fast food".
4	Love this place, decided to go here after seeing good yelp reviews and since it was close to our hotel we were staying at. The service was good, friendly, atmosphere is fun and bright, and the food was good! Lots of Koreans eating here and was steadily FULL, haha! So you know it's great! Awesome experience, the tables were a full so we had to sit at the bar and there were flies in the corner. Ew. Only complaint. Everything else was good.
4	I was in Montreal for a bachelor party, staying at the Hilton right next door. We opted to go light on food expenses and spend more on other activities. Kantapia was a great solution for 3 quick meals. The food tasted very authentic, the combos they have are pretty cheap, and the service was good. At least for a meal, or two, or three.. it met our standards for what it was.
4	Back in Montreal after a month in Van, went here again for dinner as it was open on Labor Day, tried to go to Lola Rosa a couple blocks away but it was lined up (all the uni kids starting) so we went back here as we knew good food awaited. Anyway here was JAMMED pack and we waited 2 mins to be seated at the bad but then moved to a table before our meals when one freed up. Super busy, service was pretty good but staff seemed rushed. (understandable because of Labor Day and it being busy). Great food again and nice people when we were paying ! Had a good convo. Will come back again and hopefully update this review to a 5 star!
5	awesome korean food!  you know it's legit when an entire korean family is cooking in the kitchen.  very cute establishment.  felt like i was eating at a friends house.  if i visit montreal again, i will definitely make a pit stop at kantapia.
4	I'm no expert on Korean food. Before ordering from Kantapia I had eaten Korean food once in Toronto and it was delicious. I decided to try this place because it is near my job and I was tired from eating at the same restaurants. I was happily surprised to note that there were a lot of Korean people eating in Kantapia, which is always a good sign. As I was completely clueless about Korean cuisine, I asked a couple of questions to the waiter, who even let me taste the sauce for the Don Katsu (fried pork), which I ended up ordering for take-out. By the way, they have a particular take-out menu. It was absolutely delicious. The fried pork was filling yet not heavy. I was a little concerned about the purple rice but it was really good and sticky thus easy to eat with chopsticks. There was also a small salad. Overall, a great balanced meal. Best of all: The price. $10.06 with taxes. What is there not to love about a full meal for $10 or less?
5	Really good service, my new go to favorite Korean food in montreal, I'll be coming back here next time I'm in town
5	I was in Montreal for a quick get away and was craving some Korean food.  Living in New York, I yelped for a Korean place to eat in Montreal i originally missed this place when I came here a month ago due to maintenance they opened after 2pm didnt know assumed the place was shut down.I ordered the bulgogi and the kalbi and the bi bim bap was real good there better then I had in a long time. They give you a decent amount of food but coming from America the standard here is much more then the standard served in other countries so I knew I would have to eat twice the normal amount to satisfy my hunger.The restaurant has really nice decor and the chalkboard adds a nice touch to it. The kitchen is literally right in front of you so you see them cook the food and the staff is very attentive and kept asking us the food was up to our standard. All in all it was great food and a good atmosphere will repeat.
4	Good food, great customer service, cute mom and pop restaurant. I got the spicy pork, which was great :) very tender and lots of flavour. I tried some of the bulgogi and ribs also, and they were pretty good too :) the servers were quite attentive and food came out fastGreat experience. I will return :)
3	I love this place. Or rather, I used to love this place. The food is excellent, service is fast, the little korean snacks are tasty, it's the korean restaurant the McGill ghetto needed. But the service sucks donkey balls. The tall girl is nice I guess; but the other shorter waitress is a BITCH. It was during busy hours, which I understand is stressful, but her attitude is crap. She threw the chopsticks on the table as well as the water bottle... which resulted in water everywhere, obviously. Every dish served was THROWN on the table, not placed, not served with a smile. She looked away from us and angrily freaking threw each and every dish. and, btw, they also made a mistake with our order. She ruined our lunch as her attitude and shitty service made us lose appetite and we left there feeling like shit. I'm not even expecting amazing service from an asian busy place, but having a waitress pissed at us because, uh, we chose to eat at their restaurant is not exactly what I expect either. So go there if bad service don't affect you, I guess, but me and my friends aren't going ever. again. or fire her please.
4	I have often, of my own bias, ignored the establishment when walking by; the store front is a bit cartoonish even if subtle. Albeit it's form is alone a vanity of a personal approach, the food itself is delicious!I had (and will always do) the soondubu. Considerate portion and fair amount of spices and tofu. Nestled in a stone pot, the serving vessel keeps the stew to an mindful temperature. Will be back.
4	Every time I walk by Kantapia, it's full. Every time I eat here, it's full. And I know why. The restaurant is kept clean, the food is fresh and delicious, the servers are polite and helpful (but they should work on smiling more), and the service is actually pretty quick for such a crowded restaurant. The moment my Mom and sister arrived at the airport, they wanted me to take them to a Korean restaurant, and this was the first place that came to my mind. I've always looked forward to eating here. Bonus is that the prices are more easy on the wallet than other Korean restaurants I've been to in Montreal (If I were to give you a count, I would say about 5 others. Seoul Chako doesn't count as a Korean restaurant to me by the way.) We had a combo of kimbap, dukbokgi, and tigim. Along with that, there was some jaeyook bokgeum. Everything was very delicious. My mom was satisfied; she couldn't pick what she liked best because they were all equally satisfying. I would recommend this place to any of my Korean friends. Or any friend for that matter. I do suggest that they give out more side dishes (called banchan in Korean) because offering only two side dishes for one group seems a bit unusual in a Korean restaurant. We had a young Korean waiter. He was very polite, announcing the names of the dishes when they were ready to be served and apologizing when a customer sat too close to us. When we wanted to add cheese to the kimbap in one of the combos, he told us of the extra charge that would be added ($0.50). And I love it when a waiter reads off all our menu items the moment we finish ordering. It gives me the reassurance that there won't be a mistake with our order.
4	Great place for lunch! They have a varied selection of entrees, and the complimentary side dishes are quite tasty. While it gets pretty busy during lunch and dinner, it's much better to wait and have food here, than to do takeout.
5	This place is by far the best Korean restaurant I've been to in Montreal when it comes to the bare essentials of a Korean boonshik. I normally take the soon tofu soup, which is spicier and fuller (and better) depending who is in the kitchen that day. Their kimbap and naembi udon taste identical to those I've had in Korea.. A must try for those looking for a real Korean snack bar fix in Montreal!
5	This place rocks. Looks can be deceiving and this place would be a testament to that. The place has some great authentic Korean food. You can eye-witness the cooks making the food from scratch in the area right next to the tables, so that's as authentic as you can get. Can i get a BIM BI BAP? The price is very reasonable, and the wait staff are very friendly. You will not be dissapointed.
4	Great spot for Korean food! The service is friendly and fast. Small location but very nicely decorated Korean style. I ordered bibimbap and dumplings, both were delicious. Highly recommended, but I suggest you arrive in small groups as seating is limited... Enjoy!
4	Delicious food, good variety, very affordable for students, and vegetarian options. I love it!
1	I went to this place while traveling in the Quebec area and had EXTREMELY rude service. I arrived here at 11 sharp which I thought was when they opened. The door was open and I was able to see the workers in the kitchen. I did not go inside but was standing on the doorstep. A young woman who looked like the owner said something to me but I wasn't able to hear because the restaurant was right next to a busy street. I asked the woman again and she answered that they open at 11 30 very rudely with an angry expression. Of course I did not go back to the place again. They might have good food but the most important thing should be respecting customers.
5	Donkatsu is so good! Bi Bim Bap was so colorful and fresh and the staff were friendly. Price range is reasonable, I've been to expensive Korean restaurants and Kantapia serves way better! I would definitely come back!
5	I've been waiting to review my favorite restaurant in montreal for quite some time. I've been here more times than I can say and normally that is paired with "spent more money than I'm comfortable telling" but that isn't the case for Kantapia. Everything is reasonably priced, with an average of $8 or $9 for a main dish. Everything on the menu is delicious, starting from the appetizer dumplings (fried or steamed) to the bibimbap (served room temperature or warm) to the always deliciously warm (and slightly spicy raymans. A favorite of mine & my boyfriend is to share the bibimbap & mandu rayman to balance out the cold & hot, fresh & salty tastes of the platters. What I can't skip out on though is the overall atmosphere of this place, quite literally from a Korean cartoon "Kantapia" exhibits it so with a bubbly charm. The homey setup of the kitchen that opens up to the eating area creates a comfortable experience so that you know your food is served freaked and prepared with care. Usually I can find a small negative in every place that I feel necessary to point out, but honestly, this is one of my favorite Asian food places Montreal, keep on doing great things!All servers are generally foreign so have patience when it comes to comprehension! It is not out of rudeness that they ask you to repeat your order!
1	Disgusting place. The place is noisy and small. You cannot hear what the waitress is saying. It sounds like a bee. If you don't understand what she is telling to you, she will repeat it rudely with an angry face. The soup I ordered is very salty. And the service is horrible.  Really disappointed Anyway, this is the worst korean restaurant i met and I will never come back at this place
5	Irrefutably, my favourite fast-food Korean restaurant. They have excellent service and provide you with small side dishes for gratis! Miss this place already. The price is very fair too.
4	Super affordable and delicious Korean food! Plenty of options for vegetarians too.
4	Definitely get your money's worth for your korean food cravings every now and then (everything is within the $10-15 range, after tax and tips). The atmosphere has a nice cozy feel. That being said, the restaurant is a bit small so I couldn't recommend it for large groups; it's more suitable for going with 1-3 other people. The take-out time is also a bit slow but it's nice to see your food cooked in front of you.
4	I've been to Kantapia numerous times since it is so conveniently located on Sherbrooke between McGill and Place-des-arts. Without the address ready in hand it could be easily missed due to its uninspired appearance. The decor is nothing outstanding but the place is always kept very clean and comfortable.The first time I went, I got the seafood pancake which tasted more like burnt eggs than anything else. Turns out, I was unlucky and probably ordered one of their worst dishes. Later, I got to try their bibimbap, tonkatsu and kimbaps which were all very filling and reasonably priced. My favorite item on the menu is the spicy tofu stew which is one of the better ones in town. It's nothing you couldn't get in other cities with a larger Korean population, but great authentic Korean food is hard to come by in Montreal without getting away from downtown.I have to mention that the staff is extremely friendly and helpful. One of them actually went out of his way to use his own data to help me find an address. Great experience. I will definitely return.
5	Had an amazing experience here, great service great food, nice place for students and feels healthy yet tastes so good!
3	This place has decent Korean food at an affordable price. We had the bibimbap and tuna kimbap, which were relatively simple dishes. Be warned - the yelp page claims that they accept credit card, but I was told I could only pay with cash or debit card. I took 1 star off for misleading information.
4	Nice Korean food for a lunch break- it has a strong student life vibe and friendly crew.
4	Absolutely delicious. I discovered this place probably 2 months ago and have been back at least 4 times since. The location is extremely convenient but more importantly- the food is great.I made the very wise decision of coming here post-workout and starving, so we ordered a large portion of what was on the menu. The bibimbap was delicious and quite large. The seafood pancake is one of my favourite dishes at an Korean place, and it is equally as delicious here. I also LOVE the soft-tofu soup- nice and spicy and perfect for those cold winter, snowy days. My boyfriend likes the pork katsu and dumplings, both of which I tasted and also enjoyed.The prices are also great, especially given that I'm a student. My only complaint is that I wish the little side dishes at the beginning were more extensive. At the Korean places I'm used to, in the San Francisco Bay Area, there are way more little starters than what is offered here. Also, a couple times it took quite a while to get served even though we were there at an odd time of day and there were very few other customers. Anyway, despite these small issues, I plan to come back relatively often- especially once the temperature drops even more!
5	Reviewing this place again because I cannot reiterate how good it is. The service is friendly, quick and efficient. I've never had to wait more than 15-20 minutes for my food! The value of the food for its quality blows my mind. I order the soon tofu stew (accompanied with rice, kimchi and soy marinated potatoes) almost every time I eat here, and I leave stuffed to the gills.. For 8.50$!!! (Minus tax and tips, of course.) If it's extra chilli outside the day of your visit, ask for some barley tea (balli cha). You'll be warmed up in no time.  The tteok mandu guk (rice cake and dumpling soup) is a great cure for hangovers too.
