4	This is the new location of store #4 that was previously at 1436 E Morehead.  It's moved to Cherry and E. 3rd Street, just off Kings Road, now known as the "liquor side" of Target.  The ABC's in town look like brand new stores, with convenient parking and are well lit and very clean.  Fun fact: ABC stands for Alcohol Beverage Control.  The Mecklenberg County ABC Board controls the ABC system.  Quoth the ABC website: "In North Carolina, spirits are only sold in ABC stores and the only thing sold in them.  Beer and wine are available at grocery stores and other specialty or convenience stores. "So if you're new in town, remember, if you're making  Irish Car Bombs, Jaeger Bombs or almost any kind of bomb for that matter, you'll want to make two stops on the way to the party.  Once at an ABC and another at your favorite place to buy beer, wine and mixers.  Plan ahead! ;~)
5	This is one of the newest (if not THE newest) ABCs in town.  And it's also very clean and modern.  I stopped there the other night for the first time on my way to a party to get some vodka.  So many to choose from.  Oy.  Because I found a mail-in rebate while in the store, I went with some new Pearl brand (pomegranate flavored) I had never heard of.  It was pretty good and I saved some money in the process.  At least I didn't show up with a cheap, plastic bottled vodka (yes, they have those, too!).
3	Wow. This is the nicest liquor store I've ever seen. The new store is clean and features over-the-top displays for certain brands of liquor. Plus, it's still weird to me that you can buy beer and wine - but not liquor - at a grocery store. And then these state-run ABC stores sell ONLY liquor. I've noticed that this means I rarely buy liquor nowadays.  Keep in mind, all ABC stores are closed on Sundays and they're only open till 9 pm on other days. I've been a lot of people running into the store at 8:55 on a Saturday night.
4	I thought about starting (on Yelp) reviewing the ABC in Cotswold.  But then I thought, "Why?  They're all the same."And that's not a bad thing.When I first heard that liquor and beer had to be sold at separate locations in NC, I was a bit peeved.  Liquor laws like those that necessitate the ABC stores usually do nothing more than annoy the casual drinker.  However, in Michigan where liquor and beer can be sold just about anywhere, most liquor stores are a bit skeevy.  If you want a bottle of liquor, you either have to venture into a rough neighborhood and request to the man behind the counter something like, "Yeah, the bottle there.  Yep, right above the Juggs magazine."  Or, you can find the same bottle in a nice neighborhood for $5 more.  ABC sort of cuts that out of the equation.  You'd better get there on the right day, and it'd better be before they close, but it's a consistent and fair price, a nicely laid store and a great selection.For those reasons, I've actually grown to like the government run store idea.  Now if they could only let me buy liquor during the hours I'd like to drink it, I'd be in full support.
2	Old reliable. The great state of North Carolina sells all "liquor" through ABC stores. I remember the days when you can run into a little mom and pop store and buy a quick handle of majorska. With my move to NC, those glory days are over. It is a very nice store and the government does a fantastic job maintaining it. If they only sold beer, it would be a true "one banger"
4	This place makes me want to drink the hooch 24/7!When I first moved to NC, I was taken aback by the whole ABC Store thing going on. In AZ I could go to the grocery store, grab some tomatoes, US Weekly and vodka and be on merry way. But when I moved here I quickly learned that was a no-go. So maybe once a year, I hit up the ABC store for my adult beverage needs. Maybe it's because I don't drink as much as the hard stuff as I used to or that I feel like an alcoholic walking into one? I can confidently say I am usually one of the only people walking out of there with one bottle of booze. People stock up and you would think they are shopping at Trader Joe's instead of the ABC store. But God bless because they are using reusable bags!Anywho, this is like the classiest ABC store I've ever seen with well lit rows of alcohol that would even make a Mormon smile. Add some white walls to the well lit store and it reminds me of the 80's. That plus the fact that they always card me makes me like feeling like an alcoholic!
4	Yes, this location is small compared to some of the other ABC stores but it's also located on the outskirts of uptown.  Everything is smaller, whether it's the Harris Teeter, the CVS or the local liquor shop.  Despite its size, this store has all of the basics and then some.  On top of that, the employees are super helpful and friendly.  It can feel a bit cramped but I really don't spend hours browsing around for booze.  My only star reduction is for size, but even so, I've never left without an item I've had on my list!
4	Well it's a liquor store!  What could possibly be bad about it?  The staff is super helpful, everything is neat and organized.  They have a huge parking lot (beware the homeless people asking for money tho!)I have never waited a long time in line here and have never left not being able to find what i was looking for.  They have all different types of liquor and mixers.  Never go on New Years Eve after work - the line is out the door!!
3	The bad: The selection is limited, the prices are high.The good: the place is organized, well-lit and the staff is EXTREMELY friendly and helpful. Also, the revenues help fund the community, so you're actually doing a good deed by drinking yourself silly.BUT, if you can spare an extra fifteen minutes roundtrip, get thee down to the Frugal MacDoogal's off the I-77 just south of the border with South Carolina. Wider selection and significantly cheaper.
4	Great selection, great service!
4	Everyone in this store is so happy. I mean, how could you not be? It's a store full of booze.This store is not the biggest, but it's got all the basics... and then some. Clean. Convenient from uptown. What seems like an army of workers for a place this size. They are all super nice and helpful. Are they in some sort of cult or do they try all the merchandise as it comes in for quality control?Moving and looking for boxes? Hit this place up for your cardboard needs. Liquor boxes (while not huge) are great for packing. Trust me, I'm the moving queen of Charlotte. Not a title I'm super stoked about owning.Bottom line: they have liquor. Fireball solves all problems... and creates a whole lot of new ones.
4	Most convenient liquor store to me, right outside of uptown. Very clean and there is always a security patrol roaming about.The staff is all English-speaking, knowledgeable and extremely friendly. To me, this is a large liquor store but apparently to others it is very small.They do not have as large a mixer (daiquiri, bloody mary, etc.) selection as other liquor stores I've visited but they seem to always have what I'm looking for - usually fireball and/or tito's.
5	Jason and Johnathan are the shit!! Their customer service is great, their knowledge of what mixes went well with what and helpful tips as to how we should travel for our all girls trip just made the experience that much better. All the way from NYC, other sites can learn from them...it's more than a liquid it's an art form! Party On
