3	Relaxed atmosphere and reasonably busy. Serves one of the very best coffee in Montreal. Service is efficient, comes with smiles. Killer carrot-cake, and I mean K.I.L.L.E.R. Casual lunch fare is always well executed and presented, if a bit pricey.
3	Had a really good brunch here.  A small serving of waffles with eggs, fruit, and sausage.  The restaurant opens up into the sidewalk, nice with the spring weather we got.
3	This was our first breakfast stop during our weekend in Montreal.  Selection of sandwiches, specialty coffees, pastries...your usual coffee shop far. However, what is unusal about this place is that it also has a full bar and serves cocktails later in the day and throughout the evening.My capuccino and chocolatine were delicious.  There was a bit of a translation issue though as the barrista ended up adding skim milk to my friend's cafe americano - who does that?The coffees were a bit on the pricey side, but I didn't mind.  I loved the decor and overall vibe of the place.
3	Just another generic coffee shop. I've been about six times, I can't find anything negative to say about it, but I can't find anything fantastic either. Sometimes that's a good thing. The place is clean and the coffee is fresh. They also have real bagels, not the fake kind that you get from Tim Horton's that taste like stale bread. Personally, I'm gonna keep going.
1	I ordered an omelette here last weekend - it was so bad I actually couldnt eat a bite. Tasted like raw cookie dough! Also, weirdly, my toast was soaking wet (water had spilled on it I guess). When I gave the waiter the heads up he said there was nothing he could do. I talked to the manager since it was a $15 meal and totally inedible, and she yelled at me. She offered to make another breakfast as I was leaving. I said maybe she could just buy me a coffee- she refused. Too bad cause the coffee is soooo good! Won't be back ever.
2	Unless the quality of the coffee in this place gets better it won't garner a lot of stars from this knowing reviewer.The place on av president du kennedy bears the same name but is miles above this place in terms of the quality of the espressos. If you are not overly discriminating with your coffee then it will be like any other cafe.
2	This used to be the best coffee in Montreal. I believe the prior owner imported/roasted their own beans? Now it is Gimme Coffee from Ithaca NY. It was.. OK. I think I was grossly overcharge by the oriental barrista: $6 for a VERY small slice of pecan pie which should have been much less per the menu. My protests fell on deaf ears.
4	Coffee is so-so but the food is incredible. Gorgeous salads, amazing pastries, great sandwiches. All this with free wifi, great service, and the staff being totally cool with us hanging out on our computers and phones (after we were some eating) for an hour trying to find lodging for the weekend. Good deal for good food & vibe.
3	Food is good. I came here for breakfast and also, mostly, because I could work with my laptop and using wifi at the same time. They serve good food. But the service was terrible. I waited 15 minutes seated and no one came to say hello or something, and the place was far from being busy... I had to get up and ask the waitress for a coffee... Then I ordered food, which was serve really quickly and was good. But then I had to ask for another coffee, and for another...
