4	Apparently Jade Dragon opened in April 2013. They have a small dining room that is comfortable but the A/C doesn't seem to work too well.We all ordered dinner specials in the $7 per platter range - each comes with rice (no substitutions!) and an egg roll or spring roll. Everyone had a good meal and agreed we have found a new 'go-to' place for quick chinese food!
5	I visit this place once a week. The stir fried okra is amazing and seems to be the only place I can get it. The savory three glass chicken is always a homerun hit!
5	Nice family-owned restaurant and one of the better ones around the area. The food is light and flavorful compared to other Chinese places in town which tend to be a little heavier on the grease and somewhat bland.  Hot and sour soup is one of my favorite things but many versions around town are not vegetarian.. However the one here is and that makes me so happy!   Also tried the veggie spring roll, veggie version of the Singaporean rice noodles, and stir-fried okra and tofu in black bean sauce. BF had the teriyaki chicken appetizer and walnut shrimp. We both loved the food and service was great as well! Will definitely be back!
3	Buzzable. The lo mein and the spicy crispy chicken were good (but not so spicy). The hot and sour soup was also good. The egg rolls were so-so. I am glad they deliver and I will definitely try them again.
4	This is by far the best we have found in this area. The owners are very nice and respectful. The food is fresh and really good. The general chicken is very different from any that I've ever had. Hard to explain, but it does not have the typical general sauce. The egg-rolls and crab rangoons are really good. Delivery is quick and food is still hot.
5	I finally found a great Chinese restaurant in charlotte!  I'm so happy and will definitely be a regular. We did takeout and got our order in under 15 minutes! Everything was fresh and warm.  We had general tso chicken, which is very good, but like someone else said very different from other versions I've had.  The walnut shrimp was excellent. The shrimp were huge.  It was on the rich side.  The crab Rangoon was reliably good as was the pork fried rice.
5	This place is so good!Everything we got was sooo fresh tasting and well-seasoned that I am day dreaming about eating the leftovers for lunch right now!We started with the spring rolls and wonton egg drop soup, both of which were delightful!  For the main dishes we got basil tofu, Singapore noodles and eggplant tofu. I was really impressed by all, but especially the Singapore noodles, which were not greasy or dry and expertly seasoned. The shrimp in them were not over cooked or rubbery at all. So surprised by the quality of the food from a Chinese takeout/delivery place!
5	Headed by the former Wan Fu chef, this place is great (and I know my Chinese food).   This place is mostly a secret among the  Chinese community (for now); food is delicious and authentic. Vegetables, fish, walnut shrimp, fried rice, all good.
4	3.5 for the food, plus another 0.5 for being cheap. We rushed to get there at 2 pm (they close at 2:30) and found ourselves to be the only customers , possibly due to the horrible weather. The waiter seemed put out but under the circumstances I'll let it slide.I liked the modernist interior design (probably inherited) of brightly colored intersecting planes, it reminded me of Architectonica circa mid 80s. Also they use paper as table cloth a la French bistro which I like. The artwork and the carpet needs help but at these prices it would be unreasonable to expect this much.The menu is comprised mainly of Szechuan dishes with lots of spicy choices. It offers over a couple of dozen combinations platters which include an egg roll, a spring roll or 2 crab rangoons for $7.50 or less - lunch or dinner! But is it good?We ordered a la carte instead: an order of Szechuan wontons ($5) for appetizer, a garlic tofu with eggplant ($9) an order of Singapore rice noodles ($10) and a cup of hot tea.  We heard the chef banging pots and pans in the kitchen and a respectable 15 minutes later the food arrived - the appetizer did come out last, like I said they were a bit hurried. Tofu and Chinese eggplant, right amount of heat, not too oily,  the eggplant was sweet and tasty the only thing I could wish for would be crispier Tofu if possible. 3.5 starsWe shared the Wontons next - 6 per serving. Again the right amount of heat, meaning spicy but not so much that it numbed my mouth. It was slightly overcooked but I absolutely loved the flavors of the stuffing. I have no idea what the ingredients were, only that I really liked it.3.5 stars Next we started on the Singapore noodles, I don't remember having better ones anywhere. Tasty curry, the small shrimps had good texture, very, very good, unfortunately at that point we felt stuffed so we took it home instead. This was some of the best Chinese we've tasted in Charlotte so far, more consistent than Wan Fu's, I think on par with the more eclectic but now defunct Dynasty, and a good deal cheaper than either of those restaurants. I was ready to rant once more about Yelpers dishing out 5 star reviews like candy on Halloween, but you know what?  Really good Chinese cooking for the same price as the typically crappy take out ($6-7) then yes, this is as good as it gets.
3	Inconsistency is the curse of small restaurants like this one. We've eaten here a couple more times and while it's generally pretty good it wasn't as good as our first visit. Last time they gave me a mountain of Singapore fried rice, there was a lot of shrimp in it, but the dish was dry, the shrimp overcooked and it was so spicy that I stopped being able to taste the food half way through it. Also tried the Hunan beef for lunch, it's only like $7. The veggies were crisp, the beef was well done but still  reasonably fresh - unlike at the typical Chinese - but the sauce tasted boring. Honestly, I can't remember what Hunan is expected to taste like.It's still much better than the neighborhood take out joints.
5	Great place to have solid Chinese food at a good price.  Food will well prepared, vegetables are fresh, and not greasy at all.  The food is very well seasoned and I would vote Jade Dragon as a "go-to" restaurant.
5	Excellent food. Rice was fluffy not sticky. General Tsos was moist, crunchy and tender. No old grease or msg. The vegetable fried rice was packed with crisp veggies. The crab ragoon, spring roll and egg roll were all fabulous. The icing on the cake was the superior service and ordering support.  So happy to find this place in the neighborhood... I only hope they learn to make Wor Su Gai. Can't find it anywhere in Charlotte.
5	A rare five-star rating,  Our now favorite Chinese restaurant in the Charlotte area.Very wonderful food.  They do it right and have some twists to their Cantonese style cooking that we love.  One of those is the "Szechuan spicy won ton."  These are soft won tons in a spicy brown gravy, warm but not hot.  The sauce is of the peanut variety and the won ton dough is "slimy" in texture, but they are DELICIOUOS. It is not on the menu so ask for it, in fact, if you are heading there, call ahead to insure that they will set aside an order or two for you.My wife and I fought over the final one and ended up making a second order which we laughed through as we slurped them down.  So yummy will go there today for lunch.Their won ton soup is PERFECT, being golden yellow, flavorful and not greasy or infused with soya sauce.  Marvelous with those soft delicate won tons.  Do wish that they would have a larger order and one with vegetables.  Will have to ask for the "wor won ton" type of soup.I find that the portions are fair, but not generous.  Rice is a measured bowl and the servings are OK for two people, but far short of what you get at other places.  You might find that where you order two mains you might want an appetizer or a third main.And don't expect spicy. Cantonese food is generally not spicy, so please ask if they will juice it up if you like more zip to their dishes.  Some dishes they will and others, no.  Chef's call.It was no surprise to me when I found out that the chef of this family-owned restaurant is the former chef of Wan Fu in Charlotte.  This is another reason to know who is in the kitchen.  It makes a lot of difference.Jade Dragon is located in Quail Hollow, off of Rea Road in South Charlotte.  It is in a Harris Teeter shopping center which also contains more of our favorites, like Brooklyn Pizza, The Lodge and Mai Japanese Restaurant.It is a great restaurant.
4	Dined here for first time tonight. Pleasantly surprised. Good food, good prices. Recommend to all
5	Great food, excellent service!  My first visit here, but I'll definitely be back soon!
5	Delicious lunch. Prompt service. Reasonable price. Zen atmosphere. Great 1st time. Will certainly return.
3	Good place for a quick dinner. I had the triple broccoli with beef chicken and shrimp. Flavors were good. Broccoli was crisp... maybe a little undercooked, but in a good way.
