5	Anyone who grew up in Edinburgh holds a special place in their heart for Gorgie City Farm. It's where we uncouth city kids learn about the practicalities of where our food fundamentally comes from, it also gives us a chance to meet real farmyard animals (sheep, pigs, goats, a horse and some cows). There is a pets area where children (and adults) can play with rabbits, guinea pigs, gerbils and a snake. Springtime is a great time to visit, because there will be wee lambs and chicks around and you're allowed to pet them (I wish I could take one of the lambs home...). The city farm runs events for children to take part in all year round, so if you've got wee ones it's a fun and cheap way for them to learn about animals and the environment.
4	I often wondered why Gorgie Road smelled like shit. Turns out because there is a farm on it! Who knew!So this is where mothers bring their children in their buggies during the week. I was intrigued by the whole city farm idea, especially when Edinburgh is actually a pretty small city which is surrounded by farms. But it has its purpose. Entry is by donation and as this place is run by volunteers and funded by donations, it is worth giving up a few quid. There are chickens, goats, a sheep and lots of small animals. I think it is more geared towards very young kids, as older kids will be all like "a sheep, so what?" There is also a produce stand selling various produce from the farm. It perhaps isn't as exciting as a day out at the zoo, but it is cheap, there is a bus stop outside and will entertain the young kids for a few hours.
5	It's the ghetto Edinburgh zoo, this place has to be seen. First of all, the owners here know they can't charge you to see a cow, so this place is free to enter. But you would be surprised how many kids are completely gob smacked when they see one.Everyone here loves their job, people truly committed to the welfare of these animals. Most of the Edinburgh zoo people don't give a shit.There is a cafe which serves great food and its very clean considering cow pat's are less than 5ft away from you.Go on the weekend, not as busy as you would think!
4	I remember coming on a school trip here when I was in primary school, I must have been around 6 and the reason I can still remember it so clearly is because when the farmer was passing a lamb around for everyone to hold the poor little guy got so excited that he did a poo on my hand when it was my turn. Traumatised. I can still remember the roar of laughter of my classmates before running away shouting "Ew, poo disease!" So yeah, word of warning, watch out for lambs who haven't been potty trained.As the other reviewers have said the staff here seem to genuinely love their job and I can still remember the friendly staff after all these years. It's a very hand on place one that's great for kids and adults alike but on weekdays watch out as this place can get choc-a-block with school kids on trips.Best of all a visit here is absolutely free so get yourself along to see the cute farm animals!I would give this place 5 stars but I'm taking a star away because of the delinquent lamb.
5	My new favourite place, hands down.Let me just explain why. It's a real functioning farm. In the middle of the city. With awesome staff who care for the gorgeous animals. And it's free.What is there not to love?A stonesthrow away from Tynecastle, if you turn left up one of the side streets you are instantly transported into a world occupied by pigs, goats, a horse and free roaming chickens.The animals here seem clean and very happy. It's fantastic for kids, as they can interact under supervision with the many barnyard animals in residence, while learning a bit about them from the staff. My personal favourites had to be the pigs, followed swiftly by the chicken Mafia. You should've seen those chickens. One of the cockerels was patrolling like a bird on a mission, followed by his small and very eager chicken sidekick. It was great to see the animals interact naturally, and thoroughly entertaining.They live off their donations, so even though you can get in for free, show some love by popping some coins into their donation milk jug.I can't believe I've not been here before. I only learned about it from Emma's glowing review! I will be back! (Probably next week). Might even ask for a job while I'm there.
4	I like gorgie farm. It's a nice place to go to see cute farm animals. There is also a bit in there where you can go and see guinee pigs which you are able to buy. The toilets are still for ones desire which knocks 1 star off.
1	Awful. Aww look at all the cute spring animals, yeah think what happens next when they aint so cute and spring is long past sprung.. this place is as bad as any other animals loose out so people can coin in on,or go aww at the cute factor.Their butchered residents are quietly available if you enquire so you can both play with you food and pet it.
5	We are so lucky to have this place at a stones throw from our flat as it is a pretty awesome place to visit with the wee one.We have gone many times, most recently we went for a wee friends 2nd birthday. What a perfect event for all. The children got to pet a rabbit, chicken, lamb, guinea pig and tortoise. The animals were all fun to watch and we even got to ride the pony! After having our fun with the animals we settled down at the cafe and had a lovely snack. The staff are all very gentle and caring with the animals and very nice to the children. Its a very special place that you wouldn't expect to be there as from the street it looks like a driveway!
4	Highly recommended if you don't know what to do with kids. Take them to Gorgie Farm and show how the bacon looks like when is still alive and where the chicken wings come from. Easy access by bus and by car. If you'll be early morning shouldn't have problem with parking a car, later can be tight because is only six parking spaces.
5	The best little farm in all of Edinburgh. Lots of animals and things growing, lots of friendly volunteers. A cool little cafe and farm stand and...it's free. Entry is by donation, so show some love when you're done because you will enjoy yourselves. It may not be perfect. It's small and it's muddy sometimes but the animals seem genuinely happy. As in satisfied, well-looked after, contented. And the animals seem very tame. I spent  ages scratching the cow's ears and she fell asleep. They have classes, kid activities like Young Farmers and opportunities to get involved with volunteering. Pony rides are on at the weekend and "cuddle corner" sessions where you get to pet a very relaxed hen or rabbit. There are seasonal events throughout the year. What can be confusing is knowing where to go when you get there. The signage is a bit lacking. You just have to wander and poke around and you'll see sheep, goats, chickens, turkeys, cows, a pony, rabbits, chinchillas and so on. Ask a green-shirted person what's on and where to go and they will sort you out. My kids like the real tractor you can sit on and the play area. We've even gone on rainy days and had fun in the big barn learning about cows. It's a great place. The coffee in the cafe is nice and strong and the soup is good.  EDITED TO ADD: they also do a good birthday party here. Pony rides, the cuddle corner thing and pizza, cake and ice cream. Not bad.
5	A fantastic little gem not far from the city centre. Suitable for a quick visit or a mini morning out. The sheep are a particular highlight.
