3	Used to be a fabulously affordable restaurant with good food, too (and a nice vegetarian plate selection). Then in they suddenly printed new, fancy menus (minus the vegetarian listing), jacked up the prices, and decorated the place up a little more. After that the food didn't taste as good and the service became lackluster -perhaps forgiveable if not for the price increases. Our little group of Laredo's fans was heartbroken.
4	Never been upset with Loredo's.  Resturant is always clean and service is always good.  I prefer their new location in Fitchburg.
4	I didn't think the meal was spectacular but it was fast. I love the salsa and chips they put out and the at atmosphere is casual/enjoyable. I think in the evening, it sounds like a fun place but we came for lunch.
3	Pretty good. Nice chips, good burrito. Haven't found any Wonderful mexican in Madison so far, but this is not bad.
5	Very good mexican food.   Authentic in taste and atmosphere.  The Fajita Guadalajara is our favorite.  We share it and there's plenty for both of us.
2	I've been to Laredo's three times now, and it just doesn't do it for me. The food is fine, but nothing to write home about. + pretty cheap+ lots of combo platters so you can easily mix it up- chips/salsa not that good- food is only averageTonight I ordered the chimichangas. Instead of one big one, you get two smaller ones. Since you get two and your choice of chicken or beef, I asked for one of each. They brought my platter, and after I took a bite of beans I noticed our waitress hovering over me with another platter. She explained that "this one" had one of each, and that she was going to take the one they gave me and "just throw it away." A waste, because it wasn't really that big of a deal if they'd brought me two of the same; there was no price difference and I wasn't dead set on having one of each. As it turns out, I think they had originally given me what I asked for and took it away, because my replacement plate was two chicken chimis*. Food trashed for no reason, and potentially the correct order (or they plated it incorrectly, twice). *Their idea of chimichangas are really just bigger-than-average flautas; they were open-ended and have no filling aside from the meat. They also offer flautas, I wonder if they're just the same thing.Other blips in service:- served everyone but one person at the table, and took forever to finally bring them their food (soup)- we had three kids with our group, and their parents explained they were going to split a meal between the three of them; the waitress didn't bring any extra plates, so we made "plates" out of napkinsSo, yeah. The food there is fine, but the atmosphere (dark) and service (lacking) make it pretty low on my list of Mexican places in Madison.
3	There really aren't  many places to eat in Madison as other reviews have stated. Being from NY it really did seem like a no mans land, so thankfully Yelp came to our rescue. We went to Laredo's and got carne asada, nachos with chicken, chimichanga's,and churros. It wasn't the greatest but it wasn't the worst thing in the world. We only got our food to take-out so I don't really know about there wait staff or the bar. We got our food pretty quickly and it was hot but not really well packaged. When we got back to the hotel some  of packages where leaking, it was annoying but didn't effect the taste. All the food was good and has something familiar about it. If your in Madison,WI and are looking for decent Mexican then try Laredo's.
4	I think Laredo's has the best Mexican food in Madison. I really like their salsa and guacamole. They have great cheese enchiladas too. Their margaritas are really tasty too:-) I recommend going to eat here.
4	I have to admit that I was a little bit surprised in that the food was actually pretty good.  I'm not sure why I was expecting otherwise.  I guess because from the outside it just looks like your standard cookie cutter Mexican restaurant.  Hell maybe it is.I had a veggie fajita that came out, as it should, sizzling on a cast iron skillet.  The veggies were well prepared and flavorful, as were the beans and rice that came with them.The only complaint I have is with the horchata I drank.  It tasted OK, but it was too rich.  Like they ran low on rice milk and supplemented with cow milk or something.  It also left a slight film in my mouth which is a quick way to get me to dislike anything.
3	It's not the best or most authentic, but I love it.  The service is great and combo #1 is a home run.
1	This is about the one near Hilldale.  Awful. No stars. I guess we should have taken our clues form the emptiness of the restaurant and the fact happy our lasted until closing....The margarita was a sickly peach color and was solid in the pitcher.The plates were served with the thumb of a dirty oven mitt in the food (I'm guessing they came out of the microwave).The enchiladas were slimy and water-logged covered in a dilute, flavorless "mole" (i wouldn't call it that.The rice was instant and without any seasoning, not even salt,  with a couple bits of also favor less corn.  The waiter did one of those disinterested "howseverythinggoingeverythingokay" before we flagged him back to say it was inedible. We declined his offer to make it again and just received a bill for the margaritas that we also left.On the way, when we commented on how gross the food looked as well as tasted, another dinner confirmed she would never go there again.So we went across the road to Pascals and had real margaritas and excellent enchiladas with Mole.Stay away!
2	Ole? Oh no. I can safely say I tried it, right? They have an extensive menu, reasonably priced lunch specials, and decent salsa, but that's about it. Guacamole that came with my chicken fajitas looked like someone had driven over it with a Mack truck and it didn't taste much better. Chicken was grisly and lacked flavor and the peppers were so over cooked they melted in my mouth. Not in that good melt-in-your-mouth sort of way. In my quest to find the best of the Mex in the Midwest, Laredo's didn't have it. Got a rec? Let me know.
4	Basic Mexican fare.  Service is good.  Food is inexpensive.  I am a regular.See more info in my review of Pedro's.
4	Food was excellent and our server was exceptional.  He was friendly, checked back with us often, and made sure we had a great meal.  I would go back for the food, but the server we had put it over the top for me.
5	Some of the best Mexican food in Madison. Well priced, great food, friendly service, and nice atmosphere.
1	This is where you go to get wrecked............ by cheese.  If you like cheese A LOT, you can order any of their delicious combos smothered in ooey, gooey, creamy, warm cheese.  Is there actually any real food underneath the gigantic blobs of cheese?  Strap on a portable oxygen tank and dive in to find out!In the 1988 film "The Blob," an evil life form goes around eating people, only at Laredo's you can finally get yer revenge and eat the blob...............if you dare!  *blurp *blurp*
3	Only been here a few times,  the food can be hit or miss.  Atmosphere is much more relaxed than pedros. Lots of choices and combos. I really likes the quesadilla, almost like a texmex grilled cheese!
