5	When our baby Nikki recently injured herself we were panicked to say the least!We called Sugarloaf and they said to bring her right in! We were greeted at the door by the Vet Techs to see if they could help bring her in.The entire staff was fantastic and very reassuring! Dr.Rai answered all of our questions and even included our opinions in Nikki's care!The prices were reasonable and the care was fantastic!Nikki has a long road ahead of her but hopefully in time she will improve.(She has a herniated disc in her back)Thank you to everyone at Sugarloaf you helped in mending my broken heart!
5	My puppy was very sick, she had parvo. I called many places trying to get help for her and I was turned away. Sugarloaf asked us to come in immediately, they were very caring, knowledgeable, and attentive. They gave us a range of options for the puppy and called everyday to check on her status.I would like to say Thank you soooooo much for all the help!
1	Not good at all-very expensive, kept adding all sorts of  unecessary tests, madly trying to upsell treats and toys and junk to me at the counter when I was checking out, won't be back.
1	I went to get rabies shots for both of my chihuahuas.  One is a little chunky and the other is really skinny.  They weighed them and said they were each three pounds heavier than usual. The vet told me my skinny dog was over weight! I told them that their scale was off but they said it wasn't.  I went to Pets Mart later that night and weighed both of my dogs.  And I was right, their scales are off.  I even brought a 10 lb weight to make sure Pets Mart's scale was right.  So my entire annual visit was based around wrong information.  And I feel they talked to you like you were an idiot.  They also overcharge for teeth cleaning.  I would NOT recommend this vet.
5	Dr. Rai, although direct, is amazing with my dogs. They always call the next day to make sure the dogs are alright after any shots or tests. They even squeeze me in the same day if something comes up.
5	After calling around to tons of vet clinics in the valley, I finally found the one I plan to trust to take care of my 2 little ones. The customer service is great. I've never felt so reassured and sure they're in the right hands until now. So glad my search is over :)
