5	This place is awesome!  My husband and I recently stopped on a whim but we're now hooked!  The flavors are so authentic and so tasty, and the texture of the ice is smooth and fantastic.  It's not your typical shaved ice, it's so much better.  I'm a bit of a sweets junkie so I know a good treat from a bad one, and Mardi Gras Express hits the spot every time!  The friendly staff/owner are also a highlight.  We love this place!  You should definitely give them a try :)
5	Self professed shaved ice aficionado, I have experienced the shaved ice of many cultures.  From the standard carnival Sno-Cones to Hawaiian Shaved Ice to Mexican Raspados and Asian Style Diamond Ice treats, I have boldly taken it upon myself to try them all.  In short I LOOOOOVE shaved ice.  I had found my way in the Gilbert area visiting with some family in town for their sons baseball tournament at Big League Dreams.  Anyway, when I go that far our of my usual CenPho, I make it a point to stop and try a new food/drink location in that particular area I am visiting.  As I drove through the center of Gilbert, which is known for its culinary favorites (Joe's Real BBQ, Liberty Market, etc.) I was looking for something different..  Left and right I look as I drive slowly through Gilbert and occasionally run a Yelp search of the area for ideas.   Just as I was about to give up I spotted it.  A little Red Caboose with and the words New Orleans style Snowballs associated with it.  At my first moment to make a U-turn I had to go back.   It was a chilly, cloudy day in late December, people wandered the sidewalks shivering with thick jackets and scarves (it must have been 50 that day :P lol) and here I was driving into the little private lot to enjoy a Shaved Ice treat.  Oh the flavors available...where was I to start.  I took a step back and stared at all the flavor glory....and the toppings....not just cream, but caramel and chocolate....on a shaved ice....oh my!!   I finally decided on a medium wedding cake with cream.  As she packed the cup with shaved ice I noticed it only was filled to the rim level, she poured the syrup and added the cream and I had a little sad face inside (for just a moment) and then I saw it, the crowning moment as a cone shaped funnel of ice topped the ice already in this little cup.  She then proceeded to pour on MORE syrup and cream.   The flavor was awesome and didn't come off as chemically and synthetic as some of those Sno-Cone syrups.OHHHH my interpretation of Heaven includes a little shaved ice stand on every corner just like this one.   As I departed with my sweet icy creation, I bowed my head in sadness at the fact that this place is about a 30 min drive from home.   I shall return to you my love, for your sweetness is unparalleled [in the Valley] and our love shall be a secret no longer.  Distance may keep us apart but my love for you is never ending.  [But just to be honest I don't want to make this relationship too complicated by making it "Facebook Official", I hope you understand.]
5	Outstanding and friendly!!!
