1	I love PPP but this location SUCKS. Avoid it. If you like their pizza as much as I do then go to the one on Williams Field and Lindsay (I think) as it's much better. This location for some reason has been off everytime. I had given them 4 chances but after the 4th and the taste being the same. That was it. No more.
2	Pizza was ok, but two complaints- one is not that bad.  After we paid and sat down- like 10 minutes later, I went up to get our pitcher of beer and the girl didn't ask for my receipt. So just go up with authority and say "i didn't get my beer" and you can probably get free beer. Secondly, this is the kind of joint where you play games and get tickets. When your 5 year old needs to spend 360 points its like pulling teeth to get him to decide... But when he's made his decision and the guy behind the counter then says that they are all out of that item- that sucks. Then when he decides on a second item (5 more minutes) and the guy tells you that there out off that- it sucks even more.  Add a third time and now I'm pissed off.  Were talking about a total inventory carrying cost of like $200 worth of cheap chinese junk and they can't figure out what's most popular and keep it in stock?  Totally ruined my time and my 5 year olds as he got stuck with crap he never wanted in the first place plus 20 jolly ranchers
2	Once a year or so my kids will finally beg me enough for me to bring them here. I don't enjoy these kind of places at all and the mediocre pizza doesn't help. I like that they have a buffet at lunch time. It makes it easier to please everyone as far as what kind of pizza they want but you have to be quick to get what you want. The kids like it here and I guess that is who its for but if it were up to me I would never come here.
4	My aunt and I come here pretty often and we love it! It's set up really well in that you can sit in a good location and not be right up against the play area where all the kids are. It's the perfect place to go when you're super hungry. :)
1	This location is the WORST! I love 3p's pizza but I can't stand this location. If you complain about the service to a manger they will tell you flat out that you are wrong!
1	This Place is DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY all the time!!!! Lazy employees. Please hire someone other than a nineteen year old for the fast times.
4	Same good food. Buffet's a bit pricey. Good selection of games. Big location. NO PLAY STRUCTURE. Big bummer for us.
2	I decided to have my sons 3rd bday here last weekend, so this review will be about the "party" side of Peter Piper Pizza. When we arrived the tables were decorated, they had plates, cups and balloons all set up. I met with my party planner and started getting the ball rolling. I got the pizza for the kids ordered; started getting the tokens cashed in so the kids could play and the guests started arriving. When you reserve a bday at Peter Piper you are only allowed to reserve in 1  1/2 hr time blocks, not any longer. When I made my reservation a week and a half prior I called the location about the time constraint. I voiced my concern on rushing my sons bday party over just an 1  1/2 hour span. The associate told me that if we needed more time they would just move us to an un reserved table and it shouldn't be a problem, they assured me there would be room. THIS BECAME A HUGE PROBLEM! Not only was my party planner rushing me the whole time, my son didn't even have that much time to play. Having a group of 3-5 yr olds, they take a while to eat, it takes a while to round them all up while they are playing and it takes a while to open presents an 1  1/2 isn't enough time for a party. The kids got to play for maybe 30 minutes by the time the pizza came out, they were still eating when the planner came up to me and said cake and ice cream are coming out. I had to tell him no to wait so the kids could finishing eating. 15 minutes later he brought out the cake and ice cream. After getting all the kids back to the table then singing happy birthday the planner came over and told me I had 5 minutes. I had to rush passing out cake and ice cream, on the last few slices, the planner came over and started clearing the table in front of everyone. I was literally pushed of my table in the middle of serving cake and ice cream still. He said he had to set up for the next party. My planner didn't even help me move my things or presents, I had to get help from all the other guest to cram our whole party into one little booth. At this time parents began getting frustrated, because there were no open tables because all the other reserved parties took the open tables, so there was no where to sit, eat or put presents. At this time I got very frustrated and just decided to call it a day for everyone was getting annoyed with there not being any room for anything even though an associate assured me there would be room if our party was not done with the party. Its very frustrating trying to celebrate a child's birthday when all that is happening is you are being rushed and then kicked off your table. I have to shove my son in the booth, rip open his present say thank you to everyone, pack everything up and leave. That all happened with in 15 minutes. It was awful! Since there was no room for anything I had to start taking extra pizza, cake and presents to the car so people could sit and visit (the few people who decided to stay) at this time the associate followed me out thinking I was leaving without paying. At this point I kind of lost it! I told the associate I had to leave the party to move all of my things and would be back in to pay for the awful experience momentarily. I think I scared the young boy which I apologized for when I cashed out, I was just very frustrated with the whole situation. I paid my bill, gathered the rest of my things and left with my son. I think Peter Piper needs to re-think their party packages and their time limit. I requested respectfully more time and they assured me I would be fine and I wasn't. My sons bday was nothing but a rushed mess (which he doesn't care he is 3) but me my family and the other parents had to go through the rushing and hassle. The last thing you want for a bday is being rushed and hassled! NOT FUN!The one good thing was the food! Pizza, wings, breadsticks, ice cream..... was all very tasty (the little bit I had time to snack on while running around)
3	This is a great place to take your kids to burn off some energy and get good food at the same time!  The bad thing about this location is that there is limited parking close to the restaurant.  We usually have to park pretty far away because this place is always busy.I was surprised to see so many negative reviews for this location because I have never had any problems.  I have attended birthday parties here and have just gone for regular family nights out.  The service has been great every time.  The last time I went thought there were a lot of games that were out of order.  And whoever put the out of order stickers on the games just stuck them on the game at about adult eye level.  So my 5 year old son didn't notice and put some quarters in anyway and lost some money on them.  It's funny because the stickers look about the exact size of of the coin slots...I think you're supposed to stick them over the coin slot so that people CAN'T accidentally put them money in a broken machine.  Just a thought for next time!
3	A great place to take your kids if you have them. I do not but I always seem to come a Peter Piper location a few times a year for other friends who have kids and whose kids insist on having their birthday party at various locations. Pizza is decent albeit a little pricey and the kids seem to love it and in the end, that is all that matters.
4	Pizza was good and descent price. We went on a Tuesday night. It wasn't busy at all and it was very clean.
4	Great Place for kids and parents because they have beer on tap! Free Wi-Fi and very clean
