5	I came to Silver State Smiles fleeing from my previous dentist (as you can see in my reviews) and it was the best decision. Dr. Tongsiri was very professional and caring and listened to my concerns that were not taken into account at my previous doctor. The office was very clean and orderly and the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and you can tell they take not only dental hygiene seriously but cleanliness in general as a big priority.I recommend Silver State Smiles and Dr. Tongsiri to anyone who's scared of going to the dentist and to anyone who feels like their dentist could care less. Five stars all around!P.S. One thing I found to be a bonus was that they have complimentary drinks, TV's to keep you entertained, and little incentives to keep up on scheduling your cleanings on time.
5	Dr. Amy and her staff made me feel like family. From the moment I walked in to the moment I left, the entire experience was like more like visiting visiting a good friend's place than seeing a dentist. I had a cleaning and 2 fillings done. Dr. Amy was so gentle and friendly. I will be a patient forever!
5	I have never felt so welcome and comfortable at a dentist office. The scheduling was efficient and they had all my insurance information ready as soon as I walked in. The office is all digital so I didn't have to fill out any paperwork. The doctor is nice and very gentle. Everyone has a great personality and really makes it easy to go to the dentist. I have recommended all my friends and family and they have all been satisfied with them. Great place!
5	This is as good as it gets! Its a small boutique dentist office that has a friendly staff. They even cover quite a bit of different kinds of insurances. They also have cool incentives if you recommend people.I've had my cavities filled, a chipped front tooth replaced, and a mouth guard made for myself. No one could even tell I had a front tooth replaced (color matched too). I also have a bottom retainer from previously having braces, and she cleans it perfectly every time I visit. I would recommend this place to anyone who needs to see a dentist.
5	I don't usually look forward to going to the dentist, but having Dr. Amy as my dentist helps put that fear aside. Dr. Amy is very gentle during the cleaning and really takes her time with you to discuss any issues you have with your teeth. She will give you an honest evaluation and provide the best option.Dr. Amy's office is very clean and has one of the friendliest staff you will ever meet. Once you're there, they will treat you like family. The only bad thing I can say is that I only go every 6 months. You will not be disappointed!!
5	Nothing but amazing things to say about Dr. Amy and her entire staff at silver state smiles. I can now honestly say I do not fear going to the dentist. Everyone is warm and welcoming and made me feel so at ease and I am so extremely happy I found a dentist like Dr. Amy who cares as much as she does.
5	Gold stars for Silver State Smiles! After avoiding going to the dentist for almost a decade, my wife scheduled me an appointment with Silver State Smiles. Now, I don't know why I was so hesitant in the first place. Everyone at Silver State Smiles was so friendly that I feel like I've known them all for years. My teeth feel 100 times better than they did before my cleaning by Dr. Tongsiri and her assistant. It was a great experience, and I will definitely go to Silver State Smiles for all of my future dental needs.
5	Silver State Smiles is filled with compassionate people who love what they do. From the front desk lady who found my insurance without me even having my card to the super friendly and energetic doctor. Everyone is so passionate about taking care of me (the patient) that you feel like they are actually your friends. Very comforting and the doctor has a very gentle touch. I came here because of the other reviews I had read and they are all TRUE!
5	Dr. Amy is totally  awesome with great skills and very thorough. Her staff is very friendly and competent and I highly recommend them.
5	Returned there for regular cleanings and the service is great. The staff remembered me and was super friendly. Highly recommend this place to anyone and their families. I've brought my mom and she loves it too.
4	Great service! Makes going to the dentist a lot less nerve wrecking :D
5	Best dentist in Vegas! I would have to say its actually hard to find a caring doctor who is willing to go above and beyond. I remember vividly the day when my mother called me crying about a tooth ache. She never goes to the dentist or doctor for minor things and i knew she was in major pain. I contacted Silver State Smiles and told them the situation. Unfortunately, they were booked that day but after Dr. Tongsiri heard the story of my mother, she made time to fit my mother in ASAP in order to relieve her of her pain. They even had a follow up with me regarding the pain and medication.  I knew at that moment that this would be my dentist for life. If  they went above and beyond for my mother, i am certainly positive that they would do the same for me. Thank you Silver State Smiles.
5	Best dental experience I've ever had, I usually leave the dentist with pain and bleeding gums or lip but not at this place. The staff is awesome and super nice. Dr. Amy and Ying made the experience painless and quick. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for a new dentist.
5	My daughter and I needed to get into a dentist for our cleanings (let's just say- we were a little behind!) and I really wanted to find a great dentist and stumbled upon Silver State Smiles via Yelp. Okay, I didn't stumble- I found this dentist after diligently searching reviews and then double-checking with our insurance.What a gem this dental office is! The staff is friendly, smiling, and made us feel incredibly comfortable! I would highly recommend this dental office to anyone!
5	If you're looking for a dentist, look no further.  Make an appointment now to Silver State Smiles.I am one of those people who hates going to the dentist, Dr Amy completely changed my mind about that.Dr Tongsiri and team are FANTASTIC!!  My experience was great and I absolutely believe everyone in the office truly care about every single patient, taking their time to explain every procedure and answer any question you may have.
5	Dr. Amy Tongsiri and her staff are amazing! I chipped my front tooth from a sports related incident, not only did they fit me in their busy schedule the following day, but my tooth looked better than before it happened.  I was not looking forward to going to a meeting at work looking like a snaggletooth, but was relieved when I left there.  To call the night before and get such great service was shocking.  I only hope she does as well on my 3 cavities and 2 crowns here shortly for my next visit!  Her staff, especially Carla were very nice as well! I highly recommend them.
5	Being a person who has been always afraid of going to the dentist I was relieved to have found Silver State Smiles.  Dr. Amy and her friendly staff make you feel comfortable and at ease right when you walk in the door.  Before I went to SSS the dentist I used always seemed rushed and it felt like 4-5 dentist we're drilling away.  Dr. Amy was gentle and efficient and I would highly recommend her to anyone who is seeking a newer version of dentistry who is caring and also professional.  If you're looking for a GREAT dentist and staff go to Silver State Smiles!
5	I was unhappy with the Absolute Dental office that I had been going to so I looked at Yelp for help and could not be happier that I did. Silver State Smiles had stunning reviews so I made a 4 PM appointment for a visit to fix a broken tooth. They took my insurance info over the phone so that everything would already be setup for my appointment. When I arrived for my appointment I was greeted with a smile from the receptionist who asked for my ID. I was expecting the usual 4 page dental history questionnaire on a clip board but to my pleasant surprise she simply handed my DL back to me and told me that someone would see me shortly. I barely had time to get into a chair before my name was called! I am not kidding, my wait time in the front lobby was less than 1 minute, AMAZING! Every person on the staff is extremely friendly and really put forth an effort to make you as comfortable as possible. I will be going to this dentist office only from now on.
5	So where to begin? First.. I am sort of abusive when it comes to tooth maintenance; cigars, drink whiskey, coffee, espresso, and who knows what else. So let's just say I needed a checkup and since moving to Las Vegas, I have not found a Dentist. I looked around Yelp of course and found Silver State Smiles. The reviews were stellar so I figured I would book an appointment and see how much of the crap they can chip off my teeth.Results may vary... However,  I am like 3 shades whiter! My teeth look great and better yet I actually enjoyed the office visit. Everyone was super nice and I just liked the whole vibe and setup. I did have a cavity and need a filling replaced ,but the price is excellent and I signed up for their in-house coverage. It is a great program and I was impressed in every way I could be.  If you need an honest, fun, and super friendly staff that really understands taking care of their clients (and dentistry), hit them up!
5	I am here in Vegas for 5 months on a long business trip for work.  While here I had a tooth break (thank you Famous Dave's!) and needed to get it fixed.  I found Silver State Smiles on Yelp and since they were located close to my apartment I made an appointment.  They got me in quick and have by far the friendliest staff I have ever encountered!  The pricing was very reasonable as well.  I could not be more pleased with my visit and would recommend this dentist office to anyone!
5	Great staff. I normally hate going to the dentist but the staff at sss make it very pleasant. I was in and out without any problema. Karla and Dr. Sara did a great job and made sure I was comfortable.  One caveat is that its alittle tricky to find.
5	I was here about a week ago for my first Dentist appointment in years and I must say this place was what every review on Yelp said it would be. Super caring and very welcoming. Loved the staff and location is super easy to find. Deffinetly coming and staying with this Dentist from now on.
5	Silver State Smiles exceeded my expectations. One of my girl friends raved about Dr. Amy & her staff so I decided to give them a shot. I have been to several dentists & they were by far the best! I scheduled my appointment with only a few days notice & they got me in & were gracious about it. The office manager, Cathy, was AMAZING! I can't say enough about how helpful she was. I lost my insurance card & couldn't remember what was on the back relating to my coverage. I gave her the little bit of info I could remember & she called around to find who I was covered by & what they covered. She went above & beyond for me despite her busy schedule! My exam & cleaning were excellent. Dr. Amy & her assistant didn't rush to get me out. They were very tentative & my teeth feel super clean. They were super friendly & I can tell they genuinely care. I will refer you to everyone in my office! If I could give you 10 stars I would.   :)
5	Best dentist in town...period! Dr.Amy and her staff were totally exceptional, caring and professional. Thank you very much!
5	Haven't been to a dentist in a long time and knew I was past due for a cleaning. Did some research and found Silver State Smiles based upon their positive reviews. So far, I've had two appointments and this place is excellent! Extremely nice, professional and thorough - Dr. Kitchen and Karla are exceptional. Thank you!
5	Carla was very nice!!  I was suffering from tooth pain and they got me in the same day!  They were prompt to diagnose the problem and referred me to Las Vegas Endodontics which also turned out to be great. I will be going back for and extraction and crown in the next week or two.  Thanks for your help!!
1	I don't know how this place has so many good reviews! This place is over priced and a joke. I came in today for a cancer screening. I have a white patch on my gums i was concerned about. They wanted to charge me $50 for her to poke it and tell me "it's probably nothing but we'll refer you to an oral surgeon for them to remove it if they feel it necessary."  It turned out that I have been here years ago and was unhappy with them before. If i had realized it before I got there I wouldn't have went. Waste of my time and money! I went to Brighton Dental from there and they had cancer scanning equipment for $35! From there I left with an actual answer. I wouldn't even give them one star but that's the lowest it goes.
5	Been a patient here for several years and the service only gets better. It's like going to visit an old friend. Everyone is nice and friendly but most of all gentle. Dr. Eve is their newest addition and she's awesome. See you guys in 6 months!
5	First let me say that I have a hard time finding a dentist because I have issues with big hands in my mouth.  Amy has the perfect size hands and makes me feel comfortable during treatment.  The staff is warm and helps ease the anxiety I get while waiting for my appointment.  I haven't had any issues with my teeth once Dr. Amy worked on them and she doesn't fix anything that doesn't need fixing.  I had a previous dentist that wanted to do 6 fillings on me and Dr. Amy said none of them needed fillings.  Thanks Dr. Amy and Silver State Smiles! *Peace*
5	They made me feel very very comfortable. Very friendly staff. Dr. Amy is as cool as they come. Excited about this journey
5	I have never been to a better dentist office in my life! I walked in and was greeted by Carla then put in the chair for X rays, exam and cleaning. I was out within the hour which is wonderful since I need to get back to work. The staff is friendly and professional, great since of humor and so personable. I love the office and thank you for playing good tunes! I will never go to another dentist and I will definitely let my friends and coworkers know this place is Amazing!
5	I went to this Dentist for the first time and had an excellent experience.  She is truly a great Dentist.  They got me in 5 minutes before my appointment and she did a great job.  I left thinking I should come back more often.  I highly recommend Dr. Amy.
5	Awesome dentist! Friendly, awesome, and cute staff! Dr. Amy is friendly, honest, and straight to the point. Never felt the pressure to buy any fancy toothbrush or extra treatment for my teeth. Thank you Dr. Amy and your staff!  =D
5	Silver State Smiles is the best! I had a dentist phobia, but not anymore, thanks to Dr. Tongsiri. She's very pleasant and the whole experience was enjoyable.
5	I had an emergency with my parents today and needed a fast and swift solution. I looked up Silver State Smiles from Yelp and I called them immediately around 1pm. They were incredibly warm and courteous on the phone and gave me an appointment for the same day. When we got there the receptionist was really nice and welcoming. They saw us within 10 minutes and made us feel like we were the only ones there. They told us that the estimate is free. Due to the nature of the problem they had to take X-rays which they did in a very professional and attending manner beyond what was expected. At the end they gave us a great solution and didn't even charge us for the X-rays. I have never met a better group of people in any Doctor's office and the staff even outdid some of my friends in their friendliness. I gave them five stars only because I can't give them more. If I ever have to go to a dentist I will always choose them even if I'm in Los Angeles. Thank you for being such great people and for having the best service I ever received. Well done. David
5	I would like to say, I am the most terrified of dentists! I had to go because I had a throbbing pain for months that became unbearable. So I googled and reviewed several dentists and this one stood out. First it was their hours which fit my work schedule, then it was the reviews. I was SO nervous when I got there but the warmth I felt from Karla eased me a little! Still nervous, Karla walked with me down the hall of doom where I met Dr. Amy, and she was so kind and empathetic to my panicky demeanor! I had 2 teeth pulled, yikes! But she almost had me so calm that I was actually ok! She talks to you to make you feel comfortable and that you're in good hands; she also called me to check on me afterwards, kudos for that; would I return? If it was up to me NO! But Dr. Amy and Karla said I have to and I trust them now! I still have some fears, but at least there, I don't fear the people!
5	Dr. Amy is the BEST! She made me feel like family and took care of me and my dental situation. I did not go out of there in tears like my last dentist. Her front office staff Karla was understanding and very helpful.Thank you Dr. Amy and your staff for making me feel so comfortable and welcome.
5	I've tried a couple of offices in Las Vegas, because I am picky and I want the best.  As a dental student, I am also aware of good dentistry vs. bad dentistry.  Dr. Amy Tongsiri is the best dentist around.
5	Love the new location! Dr. Amy and her staff just got bigger and better. I've been seeing her for the past couple years and knew she was great from the start. The office is very nice and modern. There's a lab onsite so I got my crown on the same day! How great is that. Every other time I've had to wear temporary and it always fell off. I will never wear a temp again! Karla is the best and the customer service is amazing. This is place has the best dentists in town. So far I've met Dr. Huong and she is just as pleasant. I actually look forward to coming in.
5	always helpful, patient, and nice.  Dr. Amy and her team are caring, and know how to treat their patients.   Very gentle, and understanding.
2	I first came here in April 2014 after a recommendation from a co-worker.Dr Amy is a fantastic doctor, very kind, very knowledgeable, and very good at her job. Her hygienists are equally fantastic.However, I had to stop coming because of the constant screw ups by the office staff. I switched jobs in August 2014 so I wanted to move my appointment for when my new insurance kicked in. I called and left message 6 different times asking to move my appointment. No reply. So finally, I left a 7th voicemail in which I kind of raised my voice and said I would never be back. So they returned that call, apologized, and set me up for an appointment today, November 12 2014. I liked the doctor enough that I would overlook the front office's goof up.So fast forward to this week and I didn't receive my customary 24 hour advance call reminding me of my appointment. So being somewhat jaded from my previous experience, I call the office and somebody actually answered (a miracle in its own right) and the girl tells me that there is no record of my appointment and they can see me next week.Unfortunately, I cannot trust this office enough to continue providing my business. I shouldn't have to beg to get a return call and an honored appointment. Like I said, the doctor and her hygienists are great. I honestly do recommend them. I just cannot continue to waste my time and energy hoping they'll make good on their end of the bargain. My situation is hopefully a one -off type of deal and I do wish the office the best.
3	I just left the office very disappointed. My last visit about 4 mths ago, I had full Xrays and let me add a wonderful experience, great office!  Once a year or every two years I get Xrays because its nessasary. However I do not like radiation or think its a good idea to have Xrays more than once a year if that. I also am one of those weirdos that don't like microwaves and I don't sleep near my phone or any other electronics. I'm sure some may find this extreme but its my body and most of the women in my family have or have had cancer by my age and I don't. For whatever reason my Xray pictures did not transfer into the new system. I was told they still technically have my pictures on the old system but it would just be easier to redo the Xrays. I let them know that I was uncomfortable with doing more Xrays because of my reasons above but I was given, "its such a small amount". It is Absolutely NOT okay to push more Xrays on your patients when they are telling you they do not want to do it and NOT okay because you're not able to transfer a file. It is also NOT okay to tell your patients that unless you get more Xrays your insurance will not cover the service to try to scare me into submission. Now that this office has moved and merged to Image Dental, it is just not the same.
5	The best dentist in Vegas,  staffs are very helpful, five stars for SSS . New location is awesome. Everyone has a beautiful smile ( ??? !!!!Iyaaaah it's a dental office ).
5	Exactly what I'm looking for in a dentist. The staff here was polite, efficient, and knowledgeable. Dr. Faranesh is the best! I trust that she is always giving me the treatment I need and nothing more (like other dentists I've had elsewhere). She even took my case right before the office was closing. It's obvious that she really cares about what she does and it shows in my smile. Thank you Dr. Faranesh and the rest of the support staff at Image Dental!
5	I have had a few bad experiences with dentists in the past.  This had sadly led me to not see anyone for quite sometime, so when I needed to go I chose here a referral from my friend.  I was scared but they were so friendly, caring, understanding and gentle I was actually started to get excited to get my work done and move on in my life!  They did the best work and really cared about my comfort and me.I have now been going for a couple of years and I feel like part of the family Karla is so friendly!  The new office is so nice, roomy, comfortable and clean.  There are a bunch of new faces but all are nice!  The last time was scary but prompted me to write this review because I had to see a new Dr for me.  Dr Rana I started to get my anxiety back because it wasn't Dr Amy but she calmed me and exceeded my expectations.  They are both friendly and gentle I was fine.This is really one of the best Dentist in town, for taking care of my scared behind to turning me into a lover.The one downfall to the new location is the parking but the office makes up for it!
