5	Almost all of the furniture in my house (Master Bedroom, kids room, living room and dining room) are from Furniture Row!
4	I just received my new bedroom and dining set from Furniture Row and as JJ Evans used to say it is Dynomite!  I love it!  I worked with Paul at the store who was extremely helpful and very patient.  After looking at bedroom sets for over an hour, choosing one and purchasing it I went back to the store a couple of days later to add a chest and decided I liked a completely different set better.  Paul cancelled my original order and rang up the new order with no problem.  Don't plan on having to buy a new bedroom or dining set for a very long time but when I do I'll definitely be going back to Furniture Row!!!
5	I purchased a memory foam mattress from Furniture Row (Denver Mattress), and it is incredible! I've never slept this well before. I worked with Marcus at the store who is extremely nice and helpful, gave me a 10% discount on my purchase, another 10% off coupon for any other purchase that I would make in the future, and threw in a couple free pillows with a value pack. Great customer service, definitely will be coming back for more furniture.
1	I had a similar experience with this store as another reviewer.  I too had bought a mattress and bed.  They forgot to deliver either as scheduled.  When  I called they saidf they didnt forget but the delivery guys sold them out and totally said they forgot.  Then they only delivered the new mattress and not the bed.  Bed had to be delviered the next day.  Then two weeks later I noticed they didnt assemble the bed very well so I went to tighten the headboard.  Thats when I realized why they didnt tighten it all the way, the stripped the bolts!!!  Walter, the Manager, assured me he would have this taken care of and I have never heard from the store again!!! HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!
2	We shopped at Furniture Row a few months ago, looking for a new couch and king sized bed and frame. We found everything we really liked there, and were happy to purchase at the prices given.Our couch arrived on schedule, but our bed only arrived with the frame, which was odd because we were told they would all arrive together. We were then told our mattress had to be 'made' because they 'ran out'. It took another 3 weeks before the king sized mattress actually arrived. I do love the mattress and frame, however, so I am giving this review higher than a one.Onto the couch. The couch came in and was great, until we learned it had stuffing instead of pillows inside, meaning we couldn't really ever remove the stuffing to wash the removable cases. Seems pointless to have a zipper if you won't ever use it. Then about 4 months into use, the cushions started bunching up and being wrinkly. We went back to the Furniture Row to ask if there was something that could be done, three times...On every occasion, a sales person lied to our face by saying they would contact their 'regional manager' and he would get back to us, but there was probably nothing they could do. He has not contacted us yet in over a month.Short version: My bed is really nice, my couch is less than stellar, and their logistics and customer service are amazingly bad. Would not suggest using this company if you expect to ever need customer service help.
