4	Okay, it's a Barnes and Noble.  Nice selection, small place to grab a cup of coffee and maybe a piece of pound cake and read a book.  It is from the cookie cutter, however, so if you're looking for rare or off-beat books, this would not be the place to go.  Lots of parking.
2	I don't like you, B&N Shea! Whenever I come here I'm firstly frazzled from being tailgated on Shea, and secondly, overwhelmed by the size of this place. Big box stores are basically the same, but I feel like this location is much much larger than other ones. Don't be fooled though, their selection is abysmal! I swear, the past three times I've come here looking for something, I've been redirected to Kierland, Ugh. I don't want to drive to Kierland for common books that should be at all locations! The staff here are also largely unhelpful, and leave me feeling unwelcome. Oh well, that's what I get for venturing out to another brand. I'm a Borders man anyway.
4	Just like all the other bookstores.  Tons of selection.  But I was going to reviewing the Starbucks in it.  The employees are nice and helpful.    Got a passion fruit ice tea.  Tons of deserts!  They offered us samples of some cookies too.  YUM!
3	All righty.Let's be honest, we're here to review the service.Books are books, if you want a bigger selection, go to fancy Kierland.They serve Starbucks products but they aren't a Starbucks! (Quit going in there with you're Starbucks gift card...DENIED)The employees are on one end of the spectrum or another.Super nice or ignore ya.Honest? Id rather be ignored. Its not natural to be that 'cheery'.I love to peruse the trash magazines and leave them hidden behind random art books.Maybe even un wrap a Bible and stuff the shrink wrap cover under a sex how-to book. (Ha, Iam soo clever!)Did you know the Good Book aka The Bible is the #1 stolen book of all time? yeah, true story.Ironic.Well, the Music department is passable and Iam a fan of the listening stations.Good selection of my kind of music, Pop Standards (it is Scottsdale), Hip Hop/Rap (Indie Labels? AWESOME!) And Country (Hank Sr & Jr!)Member card? I would consider it if I spent $200 in one transaction. Save 10%!(It works in the Cafe too!) Its not the best, or the worst.My last word?Hit the Bargain Books...youll find something worthwhile in there...maybe
5	One of my homes away from home, this is one of the few bookstores that seems more like a library than a store. Quiet atmosphere to read a couple pages of your favorite topics.
4	I actually didn't buy a book or magazine but needed a quick caffeine fix. I got the iced green tea which was really good - not too strong, not too weak and hit the spot. Other than that, the store was clean.
3	I HATE the parking lot.
4	B&N started out as my college bookstore, oh, so many years ago in lower Manhattan. Well what happened?  Clearly, they took on a crowded field and won.  Bye bye Borders, etc. This particular B & Ns is in a nice location. The odd shaped parking lot can be dangers if you're not careful. They're a lot of dashing in and out near the entrance, but a great store with nice employees who are very helpful!
5	Books, books, and other stuff. This one is big.
3	I like the place, but don't come here as often as I want because every time I step in the place my nose runs. And that's just gross. I know the problem is me, not B&N. On the other hand, how do I know? All I know is that one minute I'm fine, the next minute after I step into B&N my nose runs. Is it the books' dust? Is it some kind of cleaner they're using? I do like their cafe. It's expensive but delicious and moderately comfortable.
3	This Barnes and Noble is located right off Shea and the 101, right next to Fry's. I went to this store on Sunday to study and had an alright experience.I was sort of shocked to find out that there was only one outlet in the entire store (which was being used by 2 very rude people who wouldn't let me plug my laptop in, not even for a few minutes). Also the parking lot is crazy and since it is right off of Shea, getting there is not very fun either. But the Starbucks inside was great. The guy was very friendly and interacted with the customers very well. They also have a great selection of books that are nicely sorted and if you need help, the lady at the help desk was very good as well. Overall, it was a fine experience and I will most likely continue going there.
5	call me old fashioned but no matter how many of my friends have e-readers, i cannot, CANNOT forego a real book. sure, they're bulky and heavy, but if i leave one outside or spill my drink on it, it's not ruined....and i don't have to recharge it. i shop this store quite a bit, often buying up to 10 books at a time. there's plenty of selection and new titles come out quickly. there's a starbucks inside of course. the counter assistance has always been friendly.stay literate my friend.....
1	Rude old man manager was a total scrooge this holiday season.  Salespeople are too busy pimping nooks to treat customers w respect.  Luckily the cafe workers were lovelyI miss the way this establishment used to b when it opened
3	Barnes & Noble is one of my most favorite places in the world!  I love books and the energy of bookstores.  Add in a Starbucks and it's perfect!  This was my first time at this location.  I had placed a book on hold, but didn't realize the prices are cheaper online.  The cashier who helped me was so sweet, explaining to me how to order the book in the store with customer service for the same price.  When I came back to the register, we couldn't figure out why my member discount wasn't going thru, so they had to call the manager.  When the manager arrived, she thought it necessary to "remind me that I am already getting a huge discount" as I am buying online.  I am a loyal member of several years.  As a manager you should be very careful how you speak to loyal customers, especially when your store is in the dead zone at prime time.  Needless to say, I wound up making my purchase with Amazon.
4	Barnes and Noble: not your local independent bookseller but still, it's good to have a place where you can actually browse books and read a few sentences here and there and choose what you're in the mood for. I'm sure e-readers are really convenient but for my money there's nothing so satisfying as curling up in bed with a huge mug of tea and a good book, and I'm just not sure I'd feel the same way about an e-reader. The staff here are fine, but the cafe staff are extra nice. They're always super patient if I change my mind at the last minute, and I suffer from mega-indecision, so I change my mind a lot. I love sipping a coffee, reading a magazine or dipping into a stack of new fiction. Have you ever noticed bookstores are the least pressure-y stores ever? I love that salespeople are not breathing down my neck, trying to get me to listen to their deals and specials. Just people, looking for a good book.
1	Never shopping at this location again!  I am boycotting for their horrible treatment of an innocent grandfather trying to buy books for his grandchildren.This is the news article:  http://www.azcentral.com/community/scottsdale/articles/2012/05/31/20120531scottsdale-barnes-noble-sex-bias.html
5	As literary works are moving faster and faster to battery operated devices, I'm crossing my fingers that real books never disappear.  This store was neatly organized, labeled, appeared to be well stocked and convenient location. Even has a starbucks in the back. I just love walking in and seeing people hanging out and reading.......
3	A bit of an older b&n but it has all the essentials.  Good, clean store and friendly employees make the experience even better.
4	Always has what I'm looking for.  Good place to run in for what you want, or to wander aimlessly because you just don't quite know what you want to read next.
3	I have yet to convert to the electronic book readers/ebooks, because I love the feel of an actual book in my hands. Also the electronic ones are too hard on my eyes after a while. LOL. Anyways, Barnes and Noble has always been my favorite bookstore, and this one, my favorite location. On a day off, it is a nice little getaway to go browse the new books or sit down with an old standby. The last probably 4 times I've been here though, the parking lot reeked. Clearly this is not Barnes and Noble's fault, and it is not always that way. But that'll burn a few nose hairs off! You can't smell it at all inside though - have no fear. If you want a pleasant book reading experience, Barnes and Noble never fails to provide.
3	We came to this location to hear a speaker that was giving a presentation.  I found it odd that it was done in the childrens section, but O.K.  The presentation was O.K. but I can't comment on the rest of the store as we did not have the time look around.
1	They do NOT match their on-line prices, I was NOT impressed.I reserved a book on-line for my daughter and since I dropped my wife off at work across the street from this location I waited the 30 minutes I had to for them to open.  That was my choice and no big deal, what was a big deal was the attitude when I got inside.  I went the customer service counter to get the book I reserved and was told that it was at the checkout counter, I go the the checkout counter and when it couldn't be found, and I explained that I had just reserved this morning, the sales lady got rather rude and asked if I had gotten an e-mail that it was ready.  I was then advised that it was at customer service.  I explained that I was at customer service and was told it was supposed to be there.  So with continued rudeness I was told that since I had just reserved it on-line, it was still at customer service desk as they had not had time to bring it to the front.  Wow, it must have been my fault for reserving it on line and arriving to soon after-wards to get it.I asked about the $2.00 difference in price and was told they do not match on line prices.  The "excuse" I was given was their "overhead" was higher.  I was born at night, but it wasn't last night and I do not for a minute by that line of B.S.For for these reasons, I'll buy either second hand books or from independent book stores.  I'm tired of corporate America's attitude that I'm here for the sole purpose of giving them my money to make them even richer.
5	Good layout.
3	always has the books I need, even the day they are being released, plus there is a starbucks!
4	Nice clean layout with helpful staff perhaps need to smile a bit more
1	Find another bookstore to patronize. I was here at 8:40 on a Thursday night.  Knowing that they closed at nine pm I ran in for my quick book fix.  I was approached by a very grouchy older man three times and reminded that they closed in 15 minutes.  He didn't ask if I needed help and didn't seem to care that I was carrying 5 or 6 items that I was going to purchase. After the third reminder, at 8:55 as i was heading to the cash register, i decided to drop all my purchases and leave without them. It seemed to me this Barnes & Noble cared more about getting home on time than the customer.
2	I do usually like this store for last minute gifts, even though it's pretty pricey especially compared to online (and they do NOT price match Amazon), but today they made me leave upset today.I bought two of the same items. The tags read $12.95, but there is no signage on the display that showed a price for this specific item. There are other items on the same rack had display tags with a lower price. When I went to check out with cashier named Vivian M., I asked her if they rang out at $12.95 (MY MISTAKE, apparently!), just in case they were cheaper and she said, "no...9.95". I said maybe they are on sale? She said, "no they're not". She preceded to change the price back up to 12.95, even though they rang out for less. i'm not trying to whine over a couple of dollars for the sake of complaining, but this comes down to pure bad customer service. I asked her, "so if I would not have said anything, you wouldn't of even noticed" and she said yes I would of. No, she wouldn't of. How would she know they were 12.95 had I not verbally asked her?I went to the customer service lady towards the back of the store, who was much nicer, but after going back up front, she said sorry and that they were $12.95. I've worked retail long enough to know that when something scans with that price, that is the price you give to the customer. I know about weights and measures, and I know some tags get mixed up with others, but this was actually the tag for this item and their mistake shouldn't cost the customer. Giving me both items for $9.95 instead of $12.95 wouldn't have made B&N go under. It would of ensured that they had a happy customer that would return to make more purchases in the future.Very upset with this store and I won't be coming back if they won't stand by the prices that ring out at the register. It's no wonder they have an F on the BBB website.
3	With Borders gone it is good to have a storefront. I found this location disappointing each time I went there. Selection was fair and staff were typical B & N.
4	B&N started out as my college bookstore, oh, so many years ago in lower Manhattan. Well what happened?  Clearly, they took on a crowded field and won.  Bye bye Borders, etc. This particular B & Ns is in a nice location. The odd shaped parking lot can be dangerous if you're not careful. They're a lot of dashing in and out near the entrance, but a great store with nice employees who are very helpful!
