5	Another Fresh and Easy opened this week.... I'm still waiting for one in MY neighborhood, but this is closer.If you go to Fresh & Easy the first week they are open, they will give you a book of 4 coupons that are good for $5 off your purchases over the next 4 weeks.  Who can argue with $5 in free stuff you would have paid for anyway???They have good drive up access at this location.  The parking lot is good sized.  Employees were particularly helpful.Fresh and Easy has been getting additional products to suit the needs of their community.  I noticed that they ask if there is anything you need and they write it down.  I also noticed that the 2 other stores that i have been to since their openings have added products that i didn't see when they opened.  Nice to know they listen to their clientele.
5	Good stuff all over, clean and neat my first time at one which my Mother In Law disliked in CA. Go figure! I loved it, it's cheap and good the only gripe I have is their beauty products are like the same as Safeway's I couldn't find anything natural it was all P&G stuff. Oh well that's why there is Sunflower still. Very very helpful everyone was fa sho! My mistake I only had my checks on me they DO NOT take checks I repeat NO CHECKS no biggie the young male cashier said he could save the transaction and put my 2 carts of groceries in the cooler whilst I ran home to get my debit card, coolness. Damn being a girl and having to change purses!! Any way I got back w my card and the young cashier could not figure out how to get back into my transaction, 20 minutes and a few managers tried it as well but they ended up having to re-ring everything. Sorry Fresh & Easy!! They were so nice and gave me 2 bundles of flowers and one of their canvas totes for the hassle!! Very generous as I am pretty patient with human's and technology. None the less I left very happy and will return in the near future. Everything was super I cant decide my fav dept was!! The sample booth ruled, I like their pre-sliced lunch meat has re-usable tubs, the produce and florals were beautiful and their brand Tortilla soup is awesome!!
4	When a market can provide the basics my family needs , and be super easy to get in and out of, and be right on the way home from work  and carry fresh meat, produce and flowers, I love it. Now I know it's not perfect , but it works for my little family just fine.They even have silly stuff like cards, toiletries and pet items. My favorite thing is they hand out 5.00 off coupons that you can use  every week. And you can use 1 coupon for every 20.00 you buy with no limit. My personal favorites  are the sushi, steaks, fruit, BBQ pizza and decent prices on Dairy products.
4	My family and I shop at Fresh & Easy on a weekly basis. We never have to wait in long lines and the store is always clean and easily accessible. Even stopping by for a sandwich and a bottled water while on the go doesn't take more than 3 or 4 minutes, which includes time to park your vehicle and walk inside the store.I hope they build one in my neighborhood soon.
5	I wish there were sound effects on here...because I'd like that sound of "aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh" with a big shining light behind a large gospel group to shout the praises of this awesome store! The food is so fresh and it really is easy to pick up anything you need without having to wade through twenty thousand brands and options. Plus, if you go at the right time, you can get a major half off deal on items about to "expire". But its not a big deal, because you can freeze meats or eat the fruits that day or next. The aisles are wide, the shelves are open and wide and the people are friendly.  Oh, the best part is that they ALWAYS give you coupons to use on your next trip. I hope they don't stop that in the near future...its the best excuse to bypass Albertson's, Fry's or Safeway and get what you need ($20 or more and get 5 bucks off!)A couple weeks ago I was having a bad day and had to stop to pick up a few items at the store. While I was checking myself out, the guy working there told me I could have a free bouquet of flowers near the registers (they were past their "Sell By" date, but still nice and not brown. What a nice thing...instead of them tossing the flowers, they said "take em!"Check out Fresh And Easy. There is one near everyone these days.
5	I love this place! I don't even want to know how or why it is so inexpensive or how they can give away $5 off coupons each week (you can use 1 for every $20, and you can often print more coupons from their website, too). It is smaller than most grocery stores, but they have a great selection. I like their generic brand and the prices are great. They have $2.99 wines that could rival two buck chuck, prepared foods are very tasty and they have huge price cuts on things about to expires (produce, meats, dairy, prepared foods) which is perfect if you're stopping in for dinner that night. The only drawback is the people- they could be a little friendlier, but I can't complain when its clean, fresh, inexpensive and offers a great variety!
4	I really enjoy myself at Fresh & Easy. Definitely my favorite thing is the pre-made meals. I live on my own and hate eating out every night... so this gives me the experience of eating a home cooked meal without having to actually do any real cooking. The pasta's are especially great. Then, if you feel like cooking, they have so many meal helpers. They have great pre-seasoned meats and great sauces and spreads and everything you could want. It is fast and easy... oh and fresh :). I am so glad I am living next to one of these stores now... I have been waiting for a while!
4	Fresh and Easy sells their own brand of produce,meats,condiments, desserts,dairy, and prepackaged food at an affordable price. They also sell a few brand name products that you would get at any other grocery store. Everytime I come here I load up a small basket and I never spend over $30. If I went to Fry's I would have spent $60 easily. The prices are great and they do not skimp on quality. I love that I can try new things without breaking the bank!
4	I come to this Fresh & Easy when I just need a couple items and don't feel like dealing with the hassle of a busy Fry's or Safeway.  I don't think I have ever stood in any kind of line at this place, it is never very busy.  It is also good for a cheap workday lunch, and sometimes I'll take a gamble at the "expiring today or close to it" manager special section.  My cup of tortilla soup cost a dollar and has lasted me 2 meals!  What I do knock a star off for is the pretentious "reserved" parking.  Not for folks with handicaps, but for what I assume are for people with kids?? (The picture has 2 big people and 1 small person).  That isn't a handicap, sorry.  From what I hear these "reserved" spots vary by store location, I've seen another store with Hybrid Only parking.  If I get around to reviewing that store I will be sure to knock of 2 stars.  No need to make smug folks feel more entitled by letting them park 10 feet closer than me.But, I overlook the parking space outrage and keep coming back.
5	-Convenient.-Quality produce and food.-Quick self-check out.-Friendly and helpful staff.-Excellent mark-downs (these go quickly).-Good prices.-Easy parking.
1	Our family is so disappointed in the downgrade happening in Fresh and Easy. Nothing worse than a price increase and a quality decrease at the same time! I got my fiance hooked. I loved Fresh and Easy. I started shopping at one by my high-rise in Central Phoenix and then relocated to Greenway and the 51. We love high quality products and found some great ones at Fresh and Easy. This morning I gagged drinking my coffee. We have been buying their half and half for about 8 months. We were buying 5 quarts a week. It tasted like I used whole milk instead of my creamy wonderful coffee. I looked at the label and sure enough. The label now says milk with cream. My guess by the taste is they waived the cream over the top and added a tablespoon.Last week they reduced the size of our favorite coconut cookies. We were buying 2-3  a week to a package that is 75% the size of the original one. Last month they changed their sour cream and put the words "all natural ingredients" boldly on the cover  and it couldn't be farther from the truth. It barely has any cream in it. They were charging $1.15 for the longest time. Then jumped up to $1.35 and then down graded from Cream and culture to a chemical blend. We loved their tortilla chips until they another could be oil Canola oil which in research was the cause of mad cow disease and is a bug killer and totally detrimental to your health.  Check this out.  RAPE IN A DIFFERENT GUISEhttp://www.living-foods.com/board/read.php?f=1&i=21641&t=21641In looking at the ingredients through out Fresh and Easy they are downgrading rapidly to low quality no reason to shop there but to say hi to the great staff kind of place.One door is closing for us and Costco is regaining our business back by offering high quality organic foods and to die for half and half for only pennies more than were were paying Fresh and Easy. We are very bummed out for the layout, staff and selection verbiage at least is aligns with our family mission statement. So I write today with hopes they put the skids on their down grading quality. I want the world to know their products are tasting weird. Even their whole milk is tasting compromised. It doesn't have a fresh taste.  Sadly many of Fresh and Easy's products that once were great are getting gross.Our family would really pay the price increase and have the same great quality and quantity.  We feel downgrading the quality and raising the price is deceitful and dishonest not to mention a potential toxic addition to our all ready overloaded with toxins world.
5	I love everything from the quality of their products to the layout of their store. It is always easy to get in and out with awesome items in tow.
5	Great selections and prices. Super easy to find what I need. They offer coupons, both on items and off total purchases, as well as specials on products needing to be consumed by the end of the day. I like many of the house brand products, especially unsweetened organic soy milk, eat well frozen meals, and the tortilla chips. I love that they clearance out low sellers such as certain scents of laundry detergent or cleaning products, etc.  I have been shopping at this location for about 6 months and plan to continue until I am no longer in the neighborhood.
2	This is the 1st Fresh and Easy that I've been to since I've moved so can't compare to others but I was sorely disappointed that they didn't carry the yummy french bread that they bake right in the bakery.  That's all I came for and it wasn't there :(.
2	My first time in a Fresh and Easy and I don't really understand what all the hype is about. The store is small and crowded and I don't understand where things are placed or organized. There were signs up for specials, but there was no product. There was a dingy smell and a security guard wandering the aisles...weird. I wandered around for a while. Breezed through produce as nothing appeared really fresh and appetizing. I don't even remember finding the meat counter. I did pick up a few items - good prices on those, but probably not worth the drive to go back. I imagine people who live in the area may like having it for an easy in and out, but there are so many options in my area that this isn't one I'd choose. I might try another store sometime, but doubt I will return to this one. Kind of dirty, kind of smelly and uncomfortable.
