3	Meh. I got referred here by the Humane Society for a low cost neuter. After they got done adding some stuff on, it wasn't that low cost. Then they overcharged me but to their credit, they caught it and fixed it.I just didn't like the guy though.But my dog is neutered and now we don't have to go back.
5	I've been going here for two years now.  Unlike other vets I've been to, the nurses and doctors all seem like they really care about pets, which is my favorite thing about them.  It is usually really fast and I've always found it to be cheap.  I believe if you just go in for shots they don't charge the visit fee which is always nice.  My favorite by far!
4	I've been taking my dog here for several years now and have never had a problem.  We've boarded her over 20 times and have never had to make an appointment.  Their hours are convienient and their boarding rates are the cheapest I've found.My little bundle of terror once woofed down 440 paintballs.  I thought she was a goner for sure but Tropicana Animal Hospital fixed her right up!The only trouble?  When you drop your pet off for boarding you have to wait in an exam room for a brief meeting with the vet.  Sometimes this can take up to 1/2 hour.  I'm trying to get out of town, the last thing I want to do is hang out here all morning.
4	This was the first place and the only place we take our animals ( 2 cats, 1 dog). We first discovered them because of their proximity to where we lived and their super convenient weekend hours, plus their policy of no appointments/walk-ins only. We haven't been to other vets in town, but their prices are comparable to the vet we had in small city Arkansas, so I can't say that they are expensive.  We have used TAH for both boarding and for medical care. We have been very satisfied by both. However, be aware that TAH is a booming place. They have at least 5 different vets, so if you want to always see the same vet, you will need to ask and to check their schedules. The front desk staff has always been very helpful and friendly, even when there is a long line of clients. I've never felt rushed, and I do believe that all of their staff care about the animals. The only real negative is the multiple doctors. One of our cats is elderly and has a lot of health problems. We don't really have the ability to plan when to take her in when she gets sick, so many times we just see who is available. Because each Vet has their own style and beliefs, the care can differ from vet to vet. In the last 4 years, we have probably seen every doctor they have. But if possible, I will usually ask to see Dr. Bone or Dr. McDermott, though we have not had problems or issues with any of the doctors.
4	We originally took our pets there because it was the vet closest to our house. After the first visit, we knew that we'd found the right place.Pros: Friendly doctors and staff. They really work with you to balance economy with pet care.The vets really listen and are willing to answer any questions or concerns. They make you very aware of charges and have been really good about not charging for followups, even when we initiated them on our own. They've really worked with us when we needed a bit of help paying.If they have to keep your pet, they have your pet back quickly.Cons: Some of the vet techs are rather sour and act like you're a bother. They don't take appointments and never seem to be in any hurry to get to you.All in all, they have been much more than expected and I highly recommend them.
3	After getting a second opinion on some problems one of our cats was having, I needed to give an update to my previous review. We found out that our cat was never fully treated for a problem she was having. Additionally, after prodding one of the vets at Tropicana about senior supplements or vitamins we could give our cat,  they gave us no suggestions or options. I am always one to do my research on issues our animals have, and so when I find something online I always ask the vet...when our vet at Tropicana didn't give us any suggestion, that was very disappointing.  We have since found a new vet for our cats. We will definitely still take our dog to Tropicana, but will be a little bit more assertive when it comes to any possible health issues for her in the future.I also am still a big fan of Tropicana's boarding. It is a good price, and a good place to watch your little loved ones.
4	I took my 8 month old furbaby, Yuki. She needed a check up and we had a health scare, so it was time to get her looked at by a professional. The building is a little akward to pull into, especially when traffic is bad, but it has a long narrow parking lot that can fit a lot more cars than you may initially expect. Once inside, the waiting area is small. When I arrived, there were only 2 other people waiting, and only one had a pet with them. The wait overall was less than 30 minutes. The veterinary assistants were very nice, pleasant to interact with, and when I returned they remember my dog and said lots of sweet things about her. They said they'd never seen her breed before and ended up googling. :} The vet we saw was kind, though brief. I can understand,  considering how busy they must be at this location. He took the time to discuss the pros/cons of feeding her various foods, as well as giving her a decent overall inspection. The same doctor called with the results from the tests we opted for, which was actually very nice. The continuity is surprisingly reassuring when you're feeling unsure about the future for your beloved pet. With the medication I bought for her, and the overall cost of visits and tests we spent less than $100. The medication I received for her should last through 3 months, so I'm quite happy. When I have more money available I look forward to taking her back for a more thorough inspection. The assistants & the vet I interacted with were sweet and seem to care a lot about the pets.
5	This review is for their customer service, thank you to all the staff and the vet that saw us on 12/31/10. We were in town with our 2 small pups for New Year's Eve, we stayed at a nice pet friendly hotel near the Strip. We went out our first night and immediately received a call from the hotel that our dogs were barking and we needed to return. I was so stressed out because here we were far from home without paperwork for their vaccines and no idea where we were going to put them the following night (New Year's Eve). I called several places that didn't have space or weren't open on New Year's day, when we were suppose to drive home. When I called Tropicana Animal Hospital the lady that picked up the phone was so sweet and helped me calm down. I called my vet's office in San Diego which had the paper work faxed over to Tropicana. It was our first time leaving our little ones in a kennel, so we were not happy about the set-up. However after meeting the staff and seeing where they were going to stay for one night my husband and I felt so much better. Thank so much to the staff for allowing my husband and I to feel reassured that our pups were in good hands. If it wasn't for them we would of had a terrible New Years away from home. THANK YOU! Happy New Year!
5	I've been going here for almost 3 years now and am very pleased with their service. The staff is friendly even when they're super busy, they don't charge for an office visit when you come in for something specific (shots, microchipping, nails etc.), they are open 7 days a week(!), they sell food, supplements and prescriptions, they're really affordable for routine stuff and reasonable for most other stuff...I could go on for a while. Their prices for spay/neuter are a bit high and that's the only thing I've gotten done elsewhere in 3 years. They're knowledgeable and will refer you to another provider if they feel that you are reaching outside of their specialized knowledge base (which I was surprised about). I was referred to a local holistic vet as well as a canine dermatologist because I was exploring some 'different' solutions for chronic issues in my purebred Doberman. All in all they're great for vet services. I haven't used them for boarding as I prefer a doggie daycare setting but I wouldn't hesitate to utilize those services if necessary because I trust their staff. I used to live near them, hence the way I found them originally, and now I don't live anywhere near them at all and I still drive past at least 30 other vets to go there.
4	i boarded my dog here on vacation.  It was very reasonably priced and the staff was very friendly.
1	Very pleasant group of people.  The number one  reason why we do NOT to use this establishment to treat our pets is due to their ignorance about the toxicity of their cleaning products on pets and people.  The smell of artificial fragrance fumes (sweet/flowery) upon entering the door can choke you (that is unless you use these types of products at home and are desensitized to it ).  The fumes literally permeate skin and clothes.  When asked why they use such a potent formula to mop the floors (I was told and observed someone using  a "sol" product), the receptionist replied "well, we have to sanitize".   Not a good cleaning solution for pets that lick their paws.  There are numerous articles about the harmful affects of artificial fragrance fumes and more importantly PHENOL exposure to pets, available online.   http://www.webvet.com/main/2008/05/06/safe-cleaning-products-your-pets
2	I'm not really sure what to rate this place. I think they have good intentions, but there's no way my visit could have made me happy. I took my dog in with what I thought was a sprain in his leg. I had called that morning because I was looking for a vet that could negotiate with me for payment plans or whatever, without carecredit. It was pretty much between a rent payment or a vet visit. The lady who talked to me told me there was no way they could help me out with that. After calling around and finding out that all vets offices in Vegas seem to have only money in mind, I decided to go to this office. My pup was in pain, and I chose that over having enough money for rent. Anyway, I took him in and the vet right away said it was most likely a break. Okay, so we got X-rays. He said it looked like cancer, not to expect anything positive, and that we would hear from him in a few hours. Meanwhile he said he would make my dog comfortable. This is important. I specifically told him to make my dog comfortable. He was terrified. After a few hours I got a phone call that my dog would need an amputation for 1,500-3,000.00 to give him 3 more months. For 1, there's no way I could have afforded it, and for 2, I'm not putting my dog through that pain for a selfish 3 months. I got together my family to say bye, and when I went into the room with my dog, the girl who brought him in said he hadn't been given anything for the pain. So my dog was in a strange place, in excruciating pain, scared sh*tless for 3 hours. He was taken out by the vet in a muzzle, but not before the dog snapped at him and was dropped from 5 feet in the air. With a broken leg. Scared and in excruciating pain. I couldn't spend ample time with my dog before his departure because I knew he had fallen from a high point onto his already shattered leg.I miss my dog more than words can say and I wish I would have known he was super well taken care of. I feel that he deserved so much better after all the unconditional love he gave me for 10 years. I'm kicking myself over and over.As positives go, I guess, the vet was polite and seemed to have my dog's best interest in mind (other than telling me that 3 months with an amputated leg would be okay for my dog and that he would "adjust swimmingly") and the girls at the front were nice and very quick to get us into a room and give us time. Also, I received a card today, 4 days later, with condolences and signatures from everyone. I appreciated that a lot. Again, I don't think the vet purposefully dropped my dog and I know it's a safety issue when a dog snaps at your face. But he was warned that my dog is a nervous snapper. I just feel for my pup more than this guy. I'm giving 2 stars because of the condolence card and the girls who got me and my pup in quickly. Just... be careful.
5	The staff at Tropicana Animal Hospital are great. The Doc that worked on our cat Pepper was Patrick he had great communication skills and explained everything to us so we understood all of our options.
5	OMG they are great they saved my puppys life.I could hope for anything more they did everything they could to save my handsome pup.Thank you thank you thank you!!!Dr.Lewis your the best!!!!!
5	My 13 week old puppy got Kennel Cough the week I was scheduled to go to Vegas, no one at home knew how to take care of a sick puppy, my friends who know how all have dogs, and my reservations could not be changed/cancelled.  Fantastic.  After stressing over my kennel coughing puppy for 2 days it was finally decided that I would either have to leave him at a vet's office or hide him in my hotel room.  Since he's so young and sick, boarding him wasn't really an option and I had to hospitalize him.  Hospitalizing him in the Greater Los Angeles area would have cost me an arm and a leg, so my friend in Vegas suggested looking in the Vegas area.  So I did and started making my phone calls.  After calling 10+ animal clinics, I found 2 that were willing to take him in at a reasonable rate.  While Tropicana wasn't the cheapest of the 2, it was the closest of the 2.  They were able to take care of my pup for 2 days at a rate of $30.00/day which included isolating him, taking him for walks, feeding him, and giving him his meds.  I swear they may have even given him a bath and trimmed his hair.  He smelled better than when I dropped him off!I called 4 times to verify that they could indeed take care of my pup at that rate (I didn't want to drive to Vegas and then find out it was going to cost 200/night), and they were so patient!  They didn't even mind that I called to check up on my pup.  :)  They were so kind and patient and the vet, Dr. Lewis, really seemed to care about my little brat.  She really seemed to be looking out for what was best for my pup rather than the clinic's bottom line, which seems to be so difficult to do these days.  If I was a Vegas local, I would seriously considering making this clinic my primary veterinary office.  But as I am not, I will simply board my furry friend here as needed.  :)  Highly recommended!
5	Very fair price and great explanation of what services offered. I felt very comfortable here, and my Girl's dog is doing great!
1	So my pet of choice is a fish. He's a Beta and his name is BubbleGum. Long story short...They would not see my pet fish :( Don't they take a oath to help save your pets?How can they just decide oh your pet is a fishie so we aint gonna see him. Just because he swims does NOT make him less of a pet. She called him a waste product. I have to type it again because I want you to read what the lady called him. I said why don't you see fish? She said well fish are just a waste product.  I'm so mad I can set fire to the rain. I'm so UNHAPPY. And a update on bubblegum for those of you reading who care He Died this morning. :(
5	A few weeks ago I came in with my cat, Sensi. I don't see a regular doctor there, yet but it's mostly because EVERYONE is so wonderful there that I can't choose. On this occasion I saw Dr. Tennard (Amazing) He let me know that unfortunately my kitty was very ill and most likely had cancer. I took her home with me to spend some time with her and brought her in a week later to put her down so that she wouldn't have to suffer anymore. After all she was 13 years old and lived a very full life. When I arrived everyone was very sweet and very respectful and seemed sad for us. As I was saying my goodbyes the doctor gave me a huge hug and told me that he would take very good care of her. As I left I met the same kindness. 4 days later I received a card in the mail from the whole staff sending their condolences. It means so much to me that they cared enough to do that. It shows a true love, respect and understanding of how important these animals are to us. I will be a forever client of Tropicana Animal Hospital!
1	I'm giving them 1 star because I can't give them -100 here. I also hate long reviews, but this needs one:Last night, my 3 mo. old puppy ate a ton of roasted garlic with the sheath and stem, threw up and was very weak and dizzy all night. I called them up to see if they could recommend a remedy to soothe her belly. It was late at night and my (awesome) vet clinic was closed (VCA Lake View Animal Hospital).I was connected to a nurse who was a COMPLETE nasty B. She said, there is NOTHING I could do for her and I need to bring her in. I advised her that I did not have a car at the moment and wondered if, again, she had some advice on how to soothe the belly (like a few licks of Pedialyte or fresh wheat grass - which I remembered later). She just said "nope". Literally. NOPE. I asked if she is positive that there is NOTHING in this entire world of remedies, that would help ease my puppies nausea. She said, again, rudely, NO. You need to bring her in, in a tone that made me believe she thinks of me as a complete  idiot. I thanked her for her help.  She said OK (the kind when you really mean "piss off") and then hung up on me!! Remember, these are the people you are supposed to trust to take care for the life of a loved pet, your best friend. These psychopaths would rather see my dog die from agony than recommend something to ease her pain, just because they want $500 from me, for a completely unnecessary visit. I was so livid with this woman, I wish I could remember her name for this review. *I gave my pup a few a tiny bit of coconut/almond milk and she was literally brand new in a matter of 15 minutes-spent the rest of the night running around the house like crazy.* If you love your pets, do not bring them here. All it takes is 1 or 2 people to tell you of a bad experience and that should be enough in cases like this- it's not worth it. I truly hope their clinic goes out of business and that this so called "nurse' never works in this field again. Cheers.
1	This hospital was a whole lot better when Dr. McDermott was there. Dr. Foreman also made the experience for your pet a better one altogether. You'll find Dr. McDermott now at Durango Animal hospital and also the big man in charge. He's AWESOME!! Otherwise, at Tropicana, Dr. Nave seems like he's burnt out from animals all in all, and the one time I dealt with Dr. Pittman, he didn't make me feel like he knew what he was talking about at all.
3	Had brought my kitten in due to diarrhea.  The Doctor gave her meds but it didn't resolve the issue.  She had it bad for a week.  Thank goodness, I later found an alternative to the situation.  I gave it 3 stars due to this. Another time I brought my new puppy in for his puppy shots.  The Doctor seemed irritated because he was having a bad day or just exhausted.  I felt the negative energy & didn't care to be in the room with this Doc.  Wished I had another one that was a bit more pleasant & friendly.  I didn't expect a long conversation or an amazing service out of just having shots.    I was recommended this place due to having multiple pets and being in the area.  The rates are really reasonable too.  Fast service, no appointmt which is what I like.  This is the main reason I do come to this place.
4	Took my dog here after she was bitten by another dog and had her jaw shattered. From the moment I walked in I was pleased with the staff who were very welcoming/accommodating. The cost was very affordable and a major plus in my book! I have also boarded my dog here and felt very safe doing so. Dr. Evans was awesome! He even had his staff on more than one occasion help me carry items to the car. The place itself is older but you can tell they have a very thriving business its always busy and for good reason.
1	I am torn on how to review this place. I started using them 5 years ago when my male dogs were puppies. My one dog had a horrible case of giardia and ended up giving it to my other dog. The Dr we saw back then, Dr Bone, was wonderful. He would call me everyday to ask how they were doing and to answer any questions, having two sick puppies, this was great. I then moved out of state, but ended up back in Vegas a couple years ago. I recommended this place when my mom's cat was sick last year, and they did a great job with him as well. So when it was time to take my dogs in for shot updates and microchips they were my first thought. So I took them both in, got their shots, got them chipped, and talked to the office about getting my one dog spayed. During the appointment I noticed the office seemed much dirtier than I had ever noticed before, saw after we left the exam room the tech barely wiped things down before putting someone else in the room. My dogs both ended up with coughs after this appointment that lasted a couple weeks. I chose to use a spay/neuter clinic because they were much lower in cost than this office was for the spay. The clinic ended up finding a grade 2-3 heart murmur and referred me to a cardiologist, they would not put her under anesthesia. The fact this office never heard anything or never said anything about a possible heart condition when I was there just a few weeks earlier amazed me. That was what made me decide to find a new vet, the thought that they were totally willing to put her under and spay her when she had a possible heart condition that every other office we have been to has no problem detecting scared me. I used to love this place and recommended them to everyone I know...maybe it was a fluke, but my dogs getting sick after being there and then the fact they didn't detect her heart problem...that's a risk I wont take
2	I took my dog here after she got bit and my normal  vet was closed. We waited in the waiting room with her skin hanging as some other pets made it back to an exam room. We finally made it back and after the vet visited he determined it was necessary to keep her overnight for surgery. I had to call the next day to she how she was, I was hoping they would call me but I was worried. Turns out the surgery went well and we picked her up. The next day she was sick from her meds. They told me they would switch meds but when I arrived they made me purchase new ones. So after waiting 10 days I went to have the stitches taken out. I checked in and waited a bit. After an hour and a half I finally left. There were other animals that came In after us there were taken back first. I was talking to the owners and they were not there for an emergency. Some people waited over a 40 mins just to drop the dog off for boarding. I feel I had to wait because this isn't my normal vet. I understand why they would do that to me but it's not fair for any animal who has an emergency. You would think being an animal hospital they would have a better system in place to see pets but there is just chaos from the moment you arrive. With plenty of  other places in town there is no need to come back here.
4	Took my dog there for annual shots, fair prices... then she got yeast infection in ears, i expected a hefty bill for shots, vet appt and yeast infection meds. I was pleasantly suprised to have a [very] fair priced bill! Its hard to find places that wont make u pay an arm,and a leg for vet services... i got in there first thing in the morning to avoid any wait/line and was seen fairly quickly by the veterinarian. I would definitely reccomend this facility. Havent had to ever leave my dog overnight for treatment so i cant say anything about kenneling services or anythin like that. But they were definitely fair priced and had good customer service @ the front desk. They do accept debit too fyi
4	In town for a few days and our dog broke a nail while climbing Mt Charleston and after a few days of licking she made it a lot worse.  Tried a few clinics but it seemed as if everyone was in surgery and wanted to schedule an appt for a later date.   Finally one place recommended we try here and our dog was immediately taken in.  Some good drugs, a nail removal, and a bandage and our dog was good to go.  Also got an expressing done since she's been licking quite a bit.  Doc was really nice and gentle which helped calm the injured pup.One dock of a star since I think they overdid the meds a bit since she is still a tad loopy the following morning.
2	** if you're going for the doggie side of the building then I suggest you take your beloved family member and money some place else. These people never smile and always seem cold. On the cat side they're always cheerful and willing to assist you with whatever. My first visit with my new chi puppy was a good experience. Paper work and the waiting was quick and we were taken care of as soon as possible. ** Our first doctor, Dr. Renee Lewis, was very thorough and gave Eva her first shots INFRONT of us. She even explained that Eva would have to come in SEVERAL times for her other shots due to her small size, that she wouldn't get them all together. I kept that in mind and was also sent a reminder of the next vaccines for our next visit. Now our second visit was TERRIBLE. I brought my boyfriends 2 year old male Bichon specifically asking for just his rabies shot. The lady in the front added more vaccines that weren't needed  along with giving my chi pup to get the same shots with several others. The lady nor did our new doctor, Dr. Sharon Lewis, explain what the dogs would be getting before they took our dogs behind closed doors for their vaccines. I didn't know until I saw it all on the receipt because the price was a bit higher than what I expected. When I went back in to explain that I never asked for these shots another lady had to take care of my complaint. The original was unprofessional and told the lady to pass along that she explained what my dogs were getting. It is very cowardly that she didn't speak to me directly since I was her customer. I will not be returning due to the fact they said a manager would call me the day after to talk to me about the situation and their employee, who is the first person everyone sees when they walk in, was horrible with customer service. A big fat ZERO to you girl.
2	If you're going onto the dog side of this vet then I suggest you find another veterinarian in the valley. I came here because of the prices of vaccines (when I should've looked more harder because there is a BETTER place I found).. and that is ALL. My first visit with my new chi puppy was an okay experience. Paper work and the waiting was quick and we were taken care of as soon as possible. **Our first doctor, Dr. Renee Lewis, was very thorough and gave Eva her first shots in front of us. She even explained that Eva would have to come in SEVERAL times for her other shots due to her small size, Eva wouldn't get them all together like regular pups. I kept that in mind and was also sent a reminder of the next TWO vaccines for our next visit. Now our second visit was terrible, terrible, terrible. I brought my boyfriends 2 year old male Bichon, specifically asking for just his rabies shot since he had the others up to date. Apparently, the lady in the front added more vaccines that weren't needed along with giving my chi pup to get the same shots with several others(without informing me of the add ons). The lady nor did our new doctor, Dr. Sharon Lewis, explain what the dogs would be getting before they took our dogs behind closed doors for their vaccines. I didn't know until I saw it all on the receipt because the price was a bit higher than what I expected. When I went back in to explain that I never asked for these shots another lady had to take care of my concern. The original one from the beginning was very rude by telling the other one to pass along that she explained what my dogs were getting. She even told her to tell me that she would go up to talk to me, but instead she walked right passed me. It is very cowardly of her to have her fellow employee take care of me when she was the one to check my two dogs in.  I will not be returning due to the fact they said a manager would call me the day after to talk to me about the situation and their employee, who is the first person everyone sees when they walk in, was horrible with customer service. A big fat ZERO to you girl.
3	Review Soon To Be Posted............
