4	There are a ton of flavors to choose from. I am well on my way to trying them all too! Just makes me a slight Shave Shack junkie. My personal favorites that really shine are Tigers Blood, Kiwi, Sour Margarita, Mai Tai and Red Hot. I have yet to have a flavor that wasn't good. There is certainly a flavor here for everyone and it very easy to become a regular once you start trying new flavors and exploring the menu. The owner is very passionate and friendly and brings a lot of limited and special flavors in. Each worker I have encountered has been extremely nice and that is one of the biggest reason I continue to come back to this location. 5 stars for service and friendliness and a solid 4 stars for the flavors. Easily my favorite in town. Remember this is shave ice, similar to snow powder consistency which blow away sno-cones. This isn't little ice chunks, it literately melts in your mouth.
5	I absolutely love this place!!! There are many yummy flavors, including colorless to keep things mess free. You get a lot for your buck, and the staff is very friendly too. I'm going to be coming back until they close for the winter. Hopefully they'll be back for next summer!
5	This little shack has large sized shaved ice with many flavors to choose from.  Price ranges from $3-$5 and go from kids, regular, to large size.  They conveniently accept debit/credit cards so no worries for those who don't carry cash.  They have a topping called snow cap which is condensed milk and adds a nice touch to the shaved ice.  The owner and employees are friendly.
5	Banana Shaved Ice?! My Favorite! : )
2	It is what it is, shaved ice in a hut.
4	Came to this location because our usual spot on Durango was closed because the girl who works there was sick.. When we mentioned it to the owner who was working at the Jones location she gave us a couple extra stamps for making the drive yeeeeee ;]]] She was super friendly and nice! As the weather gets more and more hot my boyfriend and I find ourselves craving shaved ice like allllllllllll the time haha it just hits the spot so perfectly on a hot Vegas day. I always get the Invincible Invisible with sour spray, lihing powder & chili con limon.. Toppings are only an extra $.25 and you get one free one if you check in on Yelp.. They take card payments too but I believe there is an extra $.50 fee so bring cash! Make sure to check the specials board to check for any limited time flavors.. My boyfriend was happy when he saw that they had Hawaiian POG flavor available. HOT TIP: don't forget to get stamp card and a straw~!!!
5	Amazing good shaved ice with tons of flavors and toppings. The owner was working tonight and was quite possibly the nicest person I have met since moving to Vegas.
5	Fantastic place to have shaved ice! Tons of Delicious flavors to pick from and very friendly customer service.  Give it a try!
4	I'm not a shaved ice specialist seeing as this was only the 4th time having it.  But I can say overall Hawaiian ice puts slurpees to shame with all the flavor they pack.  At the Shave Shack you can get a kids size for $2.50 and that was plenty even for a big eater like me.  The shack is unassuming located on the corner of a gas station off of Jones, but it would be silly for this place to have a large location considering they have 2 ingredients of ice and syrup!
4	It's getting hot here and now it's time for cool treats. Passing by the area, I just couldn't resist the adorable little polka dotted shack. The line was pretty long, but went pretty quickly. I ordered a very basic shaved ice with some sour spray. You get a free topping with Yelp check-in. I went with the Love Shack flavor which was nice. The sour spray added a nice little zing to the flavor. I'm definitely making this place a regular stop this summer. I can't wait to try more of their flavors and toppings. So great. How can anyone resist this delightful treat.All the containers and napkins are made of recyclable materials, which is a great message as well. Not the most convenient when your snow cone is melting in 100 degree heat and your container is a cardboard container, but overall I like their environmentally friendly options, so I'm all for that.
5	AMAZING!  Hubby and I were here tonight  - he for a large pina colada and me for a SF Lime with Agave Nectar Margarita!  OMGosh!  It was wonderful.  It did not taste sugar free at all and I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a sweet treat.  I love the containers they come in and that they're environmentally friendly.  I know some yelpers don't like them but I like the whimsy of them and that the owner is trying to make a difference.  I think it was the owner that served us - she was super friendly.  I am really looking forward to my next visit!
5	Three visits since my first review and I can't really find a single flaw with The Shave Shack. Conveniently located, quick and friendly service, lots of variety and tasty shave ice. It really can't get better than that on a hot summer day in Vegas. Some important things to know before you go:1. Make sure you get a stamp card. I'm almost ready to redeem my free shave ice. 2. Don't forget a straw. I do, almost every time, and I always regret it.3. Try something different every time. They have so many freaking options, it's a crime not to check out as many as you can. They've all been delicious and not overly sweet so far. 4. Chile con limon. Just do it.5. Enjoy.
4	I really enjoy this place. Great value and lots of flavors to choose from. I'm not really a fan of their packaging since the cardboard container usually leaves or drips all over me, but it's nice that they are trying to be ecological. Chile limon is my favorite of all the toppings. The Hawaiian flavors are the best bet.
5	All I can say is OMG! It's really YUMMY, I can't get enough of it. This is so far the BEST Shaved Ice here in Vegas. Downside is that they don't have one in North Side :( But still it's worth it!
3	First of all, this place is literally is a shack!! Haha a shack on a corner of a gas station serving Hawaiian style shaved ice, definitely a memorable moment to my Vegas adventures .Shave Ice flavors:  I went for my traditional watermelon and passion-fruit flavored syrups.  I don't know if it was the flavor itself or possibly the water-down syrup but I didn't get to taste much of the flavors. Sizes: beware with the sizes!! the small is more like a regular and the regular size it more like a large and you can only imagine how big the large is.  Overall: decent place to get flavored shaved ice but I definitely had better in the LA and Hawaii-owned spots.
4	I love this place. It's unique and it's nearby where I live. I'm not a huge fan of shaved ice, nor am I an expert...However, the ice is such a smooth texture and not all clumpy where I'm hurting my teeth trying to enjoy it, which makes me feel like I've been missing out my whole life.My only con about was the Li Hing Mui powder add on. Do not get this. It was not only messy, but everytime there was a gust of wind, it was all over my clothes. It also has the most odd taste. I got it as the free add on when I checked in through yelp. I thought it would taste great considering the liquid add on is amazing. Totally not the same flavor. After the lady added it to my ice, as I was eating it, she mentioned that it tastes like 'play-doh' to her. Well thanks for telling me that after you demolished my delicious shaved ice. Thank you for not giving me the heads up and letting me waste my money and my free add on. I was pretty upset and had to throw it away because it was just unbearable. Other than that, all the other flavors I've had so far have been pretty on point.
5	I miss this place already. Summer needs to get here faster! Coconut shaved iced with snow cap. Yum!
5	Nice little shack of shaved ice
5	why doesn't SF have more shaved ice places like here. probably because it costs an arm and a leg. hit this place up after landing in Vegas today and did not dissapoint at all. I got the large which btw is a lot bigger than you think when you look at the little box that they show you. They also make their flavors as well and they have sugar free. There are plenty of toppings as well. I got the watermelon, pink lemonade, rootbeer, and cinnamon. all very tasty. also added a little bit of super sour spray which is no doubt very sour and tried the chili con carne sprinkle which eh still deciding how i feel about it. They are located by the gas station in a small hut so its easy to miss. Howevre, super nice staff and they respond on facebook very well. Will def try to go back before heading back. also they have a stamp card and if you check in on yelp, you get a free topping. pricing is super reasonable as well for the quality AND quantity. Only gripe - I think they forgot the root beer and I asked for light syrup but still was pretty heavy I thought.
4	Probably one of the best shaved ice spots ive hit up since being on the mainland... flavors are like I remembered back home, da sno cap, li hing mui, and da mochi is so soft and flavorful! The sizes are crazy big but can be managed and finished if determined (large size). They come in a to go box that is perfect for keeping everything where it should be and not all over your lap or on floor. People have always been friendly and they load it with the toppings. Going to go back and will always go back to the shave shack!!
5	The Shave Shack had a booth at the "Ohana Festival" at The Springs Preserve - first time I had tired it. I'm so hooked! It was amazing!
5	Shave shack beats every cold cool desert during the summer, you know summer is around the corner when you see the little hut posted on warm springs and jones. This place is so convenient near my home. On a hot summer day I would get a large size shaved ice with tigers blood and mai tai. It's sweet and refreshing! Shave shack also does the stamp cards, up to 9 equals a FREE shaved ice!
3	Perfect for a hot Vegas day. They serve "island-style" shave ice complete with mochi balls, li hing mui, and condensed milk. Most ninth-islanders would appreciate the attempt, it's good but not quite like the shave ice back in Hawaii.
2	I was planning on going to another shave ice store but saw this one while fueling my vehicle. I thought I'd give it a try. I got the birthday cake with cherry and cola and mocha bits. It look beautiful... BUT after getting in my car I realized the box had a hole in it. It melted everywhere while I was on the freeway. I tried to post a pic of it but for some reason only the "pretty" before pic will show up on yelp. huh. The taste was not that great. I prefer a few places around town that have a smoother ice texture and better flavors. Even if it wouldn't have melted I would not have eaten too much of it. It didn't seem like the flavors were right and it was just kind of gross. So, I'll now go to the original place I had planned on going to get my shave ice fix.
5	I've been going here for the past 2 years.  Lol I live right around the corner and it is just so yummy and refreshing on a hot summer day.  :-)Apparently it changed hands this year but it's still the same quality and deliciousness. :-)They still have the condensed milk and marshmallow for toppings.  So good. I highly recommend getting both. Just ask for it half and half. Love it.  And when u go make sure to get a stamp card.  But 10 get one free.  :-) yay! Who doesn't love free stuff.  Lol
5	My fave is the Vegas Rainbow! It's delicious and I like how the cardboard cup doesn't get soggy or messy.
5	I take my son here on here on a regular. He and I both love this place. We live about 30 minutes away and it is well worth the drive. The selection of flavors, serving sizes and prices are great. Our favorite is pineapple along with every other flavor on the menu. I highly recommend this place. You will be happy you did;)
5	The shave shacks are the best shaved ice in Las Vegas by far check it out when you get a chance...!
