5	The Belk Theater is located right in the heart of downtown Charlotte & is nice as it gets. My girlfriend & I went to see Stomp here & I was thoroughly impressed with this place.First of all, the place is really nice & makes you feel good that you decided to dress up for the occasion. Once inside the theater, there isn't really a bad seat in the house. We sat a decent ways back on the lower level (I'm not loaded), & the sights & sounds from our spot didn't disappoint. There is also a balcony that starts about halfway back from the stage so those seats aren't bad either.The Belk Theater puts on performances by the Blumenthal Performing Arts Center which means you can catch a variety of shows here. This is the nicest theater the BPAC owns, so expect the Belk to have the best of the bunch. If the Belk is showing it, then you can pretty much guarantee you'll enjoy your theater night (if you like that sort of thing).
4	I'm always so glad when I buy Broadway series tickets and they say "Belk Theater" on them instead of "Ovens Auditorium."  The Belk Theater is where all Broadway-type performances should be held.  Anything less is just a kick in the pants to the touring company.  We're not going to see the Ice Capades, are we?  Thought not.The center of the lobby of the Belk Theater is beautiful with the streaming lights hanging down the middle.  It feels so elegant, despite not having to be superdressy in the theater.  The windows on two of the three lobby levels allow you to look over Uptown Charlotte as you sip a drink or chat with friends or family.  And the theater itself is always so clean.  No sticky floors here.  During this recent visit, I went with the "tip-top" seats because there was a buy-one-get-one-free deal and I've already seen "Chicago" twice before on stage, including once in London, not to mention the movie countless times.  Although our seats were way, way up, we could hear every word clearly and still had a decent view of the stage.  They stagger the height of the seats just right in the balcony so even looking downward, there are no heads in your way.  I just have to remember to bring my binoculars to the theater one of these times.  Darn you, memory!   I give the Belk Theater only four stars because it could improve in:  (1) the number of bathrooms to accommodate such large crowds, (2) the bar/lounge area and offerings, and (3) if you've ever been to the Fabulous Fox Theatre in Atlanta, you'd know what a 5-star theater was.
4	I thought that this place was great!! We went last night to see the last showing of Spring Awakening which was amazing by the way!! The ushers were sweet and the place was clean and pretty!! Only thing that turned me off was the most ignorant old man behind us who couldnt keep his distaste to himself!! He obviously failed to read what this show was about and was making very rude comments so that everyone could hear!! I was offended and was very close to turning around and saying something!! I LOVED IT!!
3	Theatre is beautiful but so IMPRACTICAL for a Broadway Show. The 2nd level, called "The Grand Tier" sits WAY too far back to see well. Then there are the Mezzanine and Balcony Levels, where if you forgot your binoculars, you might as well just sit back and close your eyes and listen to the show. I sat in the first row and first two seats of the Grand Tier, and the acoustics made it difficult to clearly understand the words. We saw Spring Awakening, a show I was unfamiliar with and therefore didn't know a single word of prior to seeing it. I felt terrible for the people seated up in the higher levels. Normally a mezzanine level (in a Broadway theatre) sits over Row I, J, K, L, M...somewhere in that neighborhood. Here it was actually above the last row of the orchestra. BEWARE before you buy your seats.
4	I get so excited when I am about to see a show. I love the feel of dressing up, going Uptown, and seeing lots of other people doing the same thing. It's fun to walk into the theater with a bunch of other people with smiles on their faces...good energy! The theater is spacious so you can easily get to wherever you need to go. The ushers and volunteers are very courteous and extremely helpful. Park in the Bank of America building or Hearst Tower and you only pay $5 if you purchase your parking ticket at the theater. However, after the show plan to go to one of the restaurants or bars to reminisce because leaving right away can be a little congested if you park at the Hearst.
4	I really enjoy going to the belk theatre. It is certainly not the fanciest theatre I have been to but it has great class and there is not a bad seat in the house. Even the upper balcony last rows have a great view that you would pay double if not triple the price at other theatres around the country for the same view. I have been to multiple broadway plays and you almost forget you are in Charlotte. Everything from buying tickets to getting into the theatre is super easy. I recommend looking at the blumenthal website and finding the next big show. We are looking forward to seeing Cats in a couple months.
4	I've recently seen two shows at Belk Theater - In the Heights (balcony) and Young Frankenstein (orchestra) - and there is literally not a bad seat in the house. The theater is beautiful on the inside and the ushers were all very friendly and helpful. Picking up tickets at will call was seamless and took very little time even though there was a long line. And if you park in the Bank of America Corporate Center, Hearst Tower, or the Fifth Third Building, you can pay for your parking at the Theater and it's only $5. This takes the hassle out of figuring out where to park and alleviates the need to get cash to pay for parking before you arrive. You can also purchase beverages/snacks and take them into the theater to enjoy during the show. My only nitpick is the bathroom situation. They have a single stall on the main level and then large bathrooms with multiple stalls on the orchestra level. There is always a huge line at intermission that seems to take forever to get through. But ultimately, that's not enough to lower the rating; Belk Theater is a wonderful place to see a show!
5	The theater itself gets 5 stars all the way. What a beautiful venue, kept pristinely clean, easy to navigate. The staff were very, very helpful, also held good conversation while waiting for the doors to open. Bar prices were actually pretty reasonable, as I was expecting them to be much more expensive.The show itself, Bugs Bunny at the Symphony, was meh. The musicians were incredible, I just wish they played more, and watched the cartoons less. I was under the impression they would be playing through the animation, providing the score and that was not always the case.  Also if you choose to bring your child to a symphony, and I understand it was Bugs Bunny, at least make sure they are aware of the surroundings, and the very expensive tickets people paid to hear music, not child chatter the whole time.
4	This is a great theater. We became Blumenthal season members. What a great night on the town this makes. The box office staff was incredibly helpful. I can quickly tell there wont be a bad seat here or a bad experience. I will update the review as I travel through the three opera's soon on stage.
4	** please see revisions at the bottom **Went to Bring It On and loved the show. It was easy to find for out-of-towners, even with the road blocks for a bike race. Parking was only $5 and snacks were very reasonably priced. The theater is so beautiful, we had balcony box seats and loved where we sat. We could hear everything clearly and weren't packed in beside others.  Yes, the restroom line was long but it moved very quickly. MY COMPLAINT: While most volunteer workers were so nice, the lady stationed behind us treated us horribly, like we needed parental supervision (I'm 36). We weren't doing anything, she just kept warning us of what we SHOULD do once the play started. It was rude and seems we were the only ones chastised in our area, which I still don't understand. I'm a very "by the rules" type of person, so I'm not sure why we set her radar off. It really ruined our excitement. I tried to find a manager (with the help of another volunteer worker) but he couldn't be found.  I have written them a letter about my experience and hope to hear back from them. Will I return? Of course, I love the venue and 95% of volunteers.But since I can't typically afford shows, it will be a while...so I'm left with a negative feeling for this venue.** I am VERY impressed with their customer service! I did send my letter in and received a phone call from the Operations Manager on the day she received it.  She was very apologetic, friendly, and left a VERY favorable impression.  Add another star!! **
4	While I enjoy having a theater like the Belk in Charlotte, I'm not sure if it's the best option, as some of the best shows are put on in the smaller venues. Unfortunately they just do not have the space to support a large touring company, and for that, the Belk is the only place to turn.That said, the venue is beautiful. It has a huge number of seats. Generally the acoustics are solid from most anywhere in the house. The only problem is that while you can see fairly well from most anywhere, not every seat has an equally good view of the stage - and this is to be expected, since they are priced differently for that reason.Sitting in the orchestra can at times be too close, while sitting in the upper reaches of the balcony can be too far away, while the middle of the theater is definitely the sweet spot. Choose wisely.
4	Probably the nicest Theater in Charlotte to come see a play or performance.  I recently went to see a stand up comedian (Aziz Ansari) and I was very impressed with the layout and loved the side balcony areas.They have very comfortable seats and multiple levels for easy access to your assigned seating.  They also allow drinks into the theater and what's better than that is they will let you prepay your drinks for intermission so you can avoid the long lines.  Love that.  In terms of restrooms, they are pretty limited.  My suggestion is go outside and use the local bars if you can.  You'll save yourself a solid 20 minutes!
4	I have been to Belk theater for several performances and it is always a great experience. The sound is great. The seats are fairly comfortable. They allow enough time during intermission to grab a drink or visit the rest rooms. The ushers are very helpful in finding yours seats. As a student, I enjoy the student rush tickets which allow me to have great seats for a discounted price!
5	I have been a long time visitor to Belk Theater, having seen the symphony, musicals and concerts there.  My family had Broadway Lights season tickets for a few years, and I had them for one year to make sure I got prime seats for Wicked at Ovens the first year that it came though Charlotte.  With the new construction of buildings and infrastructure around uptown, I now park at the BoA parking deck on the 6th floor and then walk directly through BoA to Founders Hall, which puts me on the level I need to be on to access my seats generally.  This also makes for a quick exit once everything is over.   Once inside the theater, if you did not purchase your parking pass online when you got tickets to your event, you can purchase a $5 voucher for parking.  Occasionally special events will be held in the area, and parking can be upwards of $15 or more.  Take a moment to buy the parking pass, it's worth it.  There is a bar with soft drinks, wine and snacks for before the show and during intermission (if there is an intermission).  I am not sure what else they have, as we usually get dinner or lunch before or after whatever we are going to.  Plus any liquids will ensure that I am going to miss at least 10 minutes of whatever is going on and have to shuffle across a row of people to get to the restroom.  The staff and volunteers have always been friendly.  Seating is as comfy as you are going to get for this kind of venue.  The last concert we went to (Mandy Patinkin - he sang the Hokey Pokey in Yiddish and told us if we didn't do it with him and do it right, we would have to stay there all night  - what a wonderful concert!), we sat in the balcony.  The balcony consists of 6 individual chairs that are fairly well spread out and you can move them about.  We had no one else in our section so we scooted around for the best view possible.  For musicals, I like being in the mezzanine in the middle, towards the front, but for concerts where you don't necessarily care about seeing the entire stage dead-on, the balcony was wonderful.Wonderful, clean, comfortable theater that always puts on wonderful shows or concerts.  I always love my evenings spent at Belk Theater.
4	My first trip to the Belk was enjoyable, if a little confusing.I went to see the touring production of Fela! and parked in the parking structure, but it was difficult to determine which side of the parking deck to choose in relation to the show, and after a few wrong turns I ended up jogging heels in hand to make the show on time.Once inside, I noted the gorgeous, spacious balconies and mezzanine seats, where attendees had room to dance, bond and really enjoy the show. Unfortunately my seats were on the main floor, which is crowded and too tight to really get involved with an interactive show like Fela!. But overall it's a lovely theater, and next time I'll definitely be in the higher seats.
4	My husband and I went to see Dave Chappelle last Friday and although not my first time visiting the Belk Theater it was his. He was super excited to see Dave although our seats were in the very last row. We found our seats very easily thanks to many theater employees at every door. We were also able to grab a drink before we sat down. A single liquor with mixer is $7.50 I think. Not too bad. They also serve beer, wine, and snacks, although you can't take food into the theater. After we sat down the theater started to fill up. We were told during the show we could not have our phones, which is fine, and totally normal. I do believe we had the most irritating couple sitting in front of us. Completely not sober, totally rude, and all over each other I would have asked them to leave if not for fear that I would cause a scene. I wish the bouncers would have noticed them and asked them to exit because they continued to get more drinks and become increasingly more obnoxious. Other than that, a great show by Dave and a great experience. Please come back Dave so we can be first in line to buy tickets!
5	I took my mom to the Gladys Knight & O'Jays concert at the Belk Theater. It was a Thursday night and the show ended a bit late for a week night. However, the show was awesome.  The O'Jays were worth the wait and performed like a young group. Reminded me of a young Boyz II Men. We sat in the lower balcony, so not too bad of seats but we weren't on the floor. However, I think we were still able to see the show fairly well. Most seats in the theater are still good seats, which is great for any venue.  One thing my mother was nervous about was that the seats were so tight and you had limited space to walk to your seat. So imagine people walking over one another with a single low rail bracing their balance/fall if need be.  Other than that, the show and experience was a good one.
3	I attended a Charlotte Symphony Orchestra concert here. The theater is very nice, the acoustics are great but be careful about what seat you pick. CSO was running some special where you got a 3 concerts for a good deal.  We stupidly allowed the ticket agent to suggest seating and got seats in one of the balcony boxes. Normally that would be considered good seating  in most theaters. In the Belk they had  6 of us crowded like sardines in one box. When I have been  seated in boxes in other theaters, the chairs were turned parallel to the box ledge, facing the stage, ( not facing the other side of theater), providing a better sight line. That was not possible at the Belk because there were too many seats and not enough space. I was seated in a middle seat, seat 4 and had I tried to do that, I would have blocked the view of the person seated next to me. They really only need 4 chairs in those boxes. As a result, as a shorter person, I was forced to lean on the ledge of the box the entire night to see. Even then, I could only see half the stage. I was not happy to pay good money for poor seats. Accordingly, I will never get box seats in this theater again.
4	My first visit to this venue, I saw Matthew Bourne's "Sleeping Beauty" (a 5 star performance itself). Our seats in the third row of the mezzanine level were excellent. After the show we checked out seats in different locations and didn't find any we preferred enough to justify paying more. The front rows of the grand tier were better, but the back rows I thought were worse than going higher but more forward where we were. Sitting in the orchestra level gives you a different, more head on perspective, but since the rows are not as pitched it would be possible to have your view blocked by someone taller sitting in front of you. For a dance concert, I might sit more to the front of the orchestra to get a better view of the costumes and facial expression, but anything where the music is important I would sit in the front of the grand tier or mezzanine (depending on what my budget allows).As a newer theater, the Belk does not have some of the elegant touches of an older theater, but it is very comfortable and functional. The seats are comfortable and there is ample leg room. At least on the men's side, there was no problem getting going to the bathroom during the intermission. I look forward to seeing more shows here.
4	I don't really know how to review a Belk Theater.  Came for the Christmas Music thing, it was pretty cool cept for the lady who had on way too much perfume sitting in front of me. TIP:  Order tickets online instead of over the phone.  Tried calling multiple times, but the wait time was ridiculously long each time.  When I got through the line, I requested an email receipt, but never got one.  dmo out.
4	Went to see Evita and were very impressed with the size and comfort of the actual theater.  Even the side and far rear seats could see and hear.  I noticed that the seats were slightly off-set so that there would not be a head directly in front of you until one more row down.Acoustics were wonderful.  The orchestra played at a volume level that enhanced without over whelming the performers.  You could not see them, but they were beautifully present.Parking was all around so the only problem is after the performance there is a long line of cars in each garage trying to get out.  That is just life.Rest rooms were mobbed at intermission, but the lines did move.  Wine and other beverages were sold at small tables in the open areas and were very efficient.We enjoyed the show and look forward to others in the future.
3	We have been here several times over the years, and there are things I really like about this Theater and others that I don't care for.Most recently we went for a Kenny Loggins concert in April.  I found the website to be less informative than I liked.  I wasn't sure what seats to order and really wanted to talk to someone, but couldn't get through on the phone.  Couldn't tell when the box office was actually open.  I didn't want to wait for fear of tickets selling out, so I finally took my best guess and purchased second row of the Grand Tier.  (which, by the way, were orchestra-seat priced).While the view wasn't bad, I didn't like that there was no other way to get into the first couple rows without doing so from the very end, so anyone sitting in the middle had to bother a lot of folks every time.Also disliked that there was ONE small one-person bathroom up there.  You had to run downstairs in the middle of a show if necessary. But at least they have monitors in the lobbies, so you can hear what you are missing.
5	Quick review. I LOVE the Belk Theatre! Have been going to live theatre for MANY years around the country. Are there better venues? YES! Is the Belk an excellent venue to see plays? ABSOLUTELY! I lived in Vegas for 6 years, and believe it or not, Vegas has NO venue for the Performing Arts OTHER than the mega-billion dollar casinos....so IF a Phantom of the Opera doesn't book your Casino venue for a decade you won't see any travelling Broadway. That's why I love Charlotte's theatre scene....they have a constant stream of excellent Broadway plays, and I've gotten a chance to see many of them. Overall this is a really nice theatre with comfy seats and excellent acoustics. What more can you want? Oh and I find the prices REASONABLE! Compared to Vegas (average price $200 per ticket), these are VERY VERY affordable!
5	Beautiful theater, excellent seats and friendly staff. You can even purchase your intermission drink before your show even begins & it will be out there waiting for you. We saw The Nutcracker, just excellent.
