4	I don't know if we got lucky but we got seen really fast. The only negative is that it took for ever for us too leave. I sat around waiting my the desk to see when they would let us go. So after about an hour of waiting I finally asked and the nurse just grabbed my hubbys folder and said you are go to go. WTF waiting for 1 hour The doctor was great I saw that he works for ACES he is not employed through North Vista.Very understanding and nice quickly diagnosed the situation.
1	What a crappy hospital! They don't change bedsheet, have no consideration about patients or their time schedule. They abuse insurance too. Wanted my friend to stay for 3 weeks for no particular reason. Someone please do something about this health care system. These kind of hospitals should be shut down in a heartbeat.
1	Worst place ever I'm never coming back here again .worst place to bring anyone for an emergency this place is so un organized .
1	Me and my baby girl went in because we been sick for the past few days , the Dr and the nurses seen how sick we was , I had to get chest X-rays and everything by the end of my visit I was told I had the flu and my baby was congested yet they refused to give us cough syrup......how could you tell me I have the flu and refuse to give us cough syrup if you don't have to go to North Vista DONT GO!!!!!!!!
1	My wife was a patient there on August 19 she had a very simple exploratory procedure we have healthnet ins at the time we signed in they told us that our portion of the bill would be 2100 but if we paid in advance it would only cost 1612 which we paid.  Four month have passed and we get a bill for 2614.92 they said that it cost more, this place is not only bankrupt but ethically challenged they decide 4 months later that they want more money what they need is a full blown AG audit and investigation if you have had similar complaints call the AG's office at 775-684-1100 and file a complaint they cannot summarily raise bills to collect from insured individuals there rates are fixed with the insurance companies and they are trying to make it elsewhere,  In addition I have filed a complaint with the VA administration to insure that if they have overflow they do not get any of it.
