3	We went there once.  The chefs? were busy talking about something for quite a while.   They have the makings of some good pizza with some good dough and the regular toppings but our pizza was to go and when we got home we found it was uncooked in the center, the crust did not have the best flavor and it was burnt.  We plan to try Avanti's next time.Falbo has come out in support of the protest as they are on a list of protest supporters.   I raise them one star and will give them another try.Thanks Falbos!!
4	We always get their thin crust.  Tonight we ordered spinach, feta & sausage and it was super tasty and hot.  Delivery was prompt & friendly.  I'm giving them 4 instead of 5 stars because they aren't always consistent.  Most of the time great, but once and a while just so so.  Still one of our favorites tho!
5	Best, most consistent thin crust delivery pizza we have had.  We stick with the mediums, sometimes the larges aren't crispy enough in the middle, but that always happens with thin crust delivery pizza.  Toppings are great, and service has always been fast and friendly.  Keep up the good work!
4	Very happy with the quality of the food and service at Falbo's in Verona.  It is not the greatest location or decor but our son loves it.  Good place for kids and we enjoy the pizza.
4	I was in Verona to visit a co-worker and to assist with the set-up of a home theater when we decided to celebrate the day's accomplishments with two of the finest rewards known to man: quality beer and quality pizza.We made a quick run to the local grocery store where we procured a bevy of bottled beverages and some salty snacks (kettle chips - yum).  I spied the Falbo Brothers pizza sign from the grocery store parking lot and suggested we B-line it and order the biggest, thinnest, bacon cheeseburger pizza they could make.The staff was for the most part helpful, but the manager was over-the-top-awesome.  He was extremely friendly and super accommodating - obviously a guy who values his business and his customers.  Our 16" thin crust pizza was ready within 15 minutes; we rushed back to my co-worker's pad, fired-up his new 55" LCD with 7.1 surround and tore into our bounty.The pizza was excellent.  I haven't had Falbo's in a year or more and I forgot how good it really is.  Granted, it's not exotic, nor is it gourmet, but it handily beats anything you'll find from places like the Hut, the Papas, or any of those other jokers.  The cheese was plentiful but not overwhelming; the bacon was crispy and meaty, the hamburger had just a hint of fennel.  My only regret was not adding onion, but there's always next time.  I believe the pizza cost about $18, which given its size, worked out to about $1 per inch of diameter - totally fair.I have heard their delivery is quite slow, so I'd recommend driving to pick it up yourself.  Other than that, I have no complaints.  Falbo's = WINService = 4 stars (manager was super great)Food = 3.75 stars (VERY solid pizza)Value = 3.5 stars (about average)MISC = N/A (we did take-out)I rounded-up to 4-stars because there was just something about the 'za that I really enjoyed.  I do like my Roman Candle pizza and my Blue Moon pizza, but Falbos is no slouch.  Kudos!
3	Ordered a BLT b/c i just wasn't feeling pizza and it was pretty good. bacon was cooked well and there was a good amount of it. the "L" and "T" not super fresh but the bread was pretty good. Had a big tv playing ESPN.
2	Looks like I'm the one to spoil the party of 3-star or higher reviews.  Had to happen sometime...I've been to Falbo's in Verona twice.  The first time, I got a thin crust pizza.  It was decent, better than Papa John's or Dominos, but nothing to call home about.  I wouldn't turn it down if a friend were ordering it, but am unlikely to go back for it myself as there are others in the area I prefer.The second time, I got their deep-dish stuffed pizza, and had high hopes for it as ordinarily Chicago-style pizzas are amongst my favorites.  Sadly, this was not to be at Falbo's.  The overwhelming problem was the sauce was much too sweet.  On the thin crust pizza, this hadn't been that noticeable - the sauce was milder than I prefer, but not offensive.  Increase the amounts to what's on the stuffed pizza, and the sweetness became very evident and distracted from the rest of the pizza.  I could still finish it, but I would not get it again.  Much better to just get Uno if you're in Madison, or wait until your next trip to Chicagoland.Overall, two stars.  You might like it if you prefer sweeter sauces, and the thin crust is worth trying if you don't have a go-to pizza place in Madison.  But skip it if you don't live here.  "I've experienced better" describes it fairly well.
