5	I had the red ring of death on my Xbox 360.  My son did not want to wait for the unit to be repaired by an authorized dealer which requires sending in the unit for repair.  Instead, I contacted this company, and the service was completed the same day.  The owner performs the service out of his home which definitely made me leery.  However, he was friendly, professional and prompt.  And my son is happy because he has his gaming console back.
5	It had been awhile since I've sat down to play my xbox 360 but 09/17/2013 was GTA V launch day and upon sitting to play my xbox wont read the disk :(  I tinkered with it for over 2 hours and after googling everything under the sun I turned to yelp.  I located this AD and was still leary myself after reading the prior review but decided to call anyway.  I spoke with Ryan whom was very friendly and professional and promised to have my Xbox repaired within an hour for no more than $60.  I gave it a shot and he had the job completed in under 20 mins for $40 plus he fixed the tray from being stuck when there wasnt a disk in the tray!!  He also gave me his 90 day guarentee on a sticker with the fix date on it.  He does work out of his house and I did have to leave it there upon drop off but I would not hesitate to utilize his services again. In under an hour I was murdering gang members and prostitutes in Los Santos!!!
5	My Xbox 360 randomly decided to stop displaying video (it wasn't the TV or the cables).  Didn't want to buy a new or used Xbox 360, so looked into repairs.  Ryan fixed this in about an hour for $40.  Definitely recommended!
5	I brought in my xbox with a misaligned disk tray and it was fixed within 40 minutes of me dropping it off. Ryan was not only incredibly knowledgeable, but also incredibly friendly. It was a pleasure meeting him and it was clear to me that he was well educated on how to handle my console. He of course included the 90 day warranty and gave me a new tray with no charge. Had I not known better, I wouldn't have known it was a home-based business. Ryan was prompt with phone calls and emails, he was very helpful and now my baby is up and running again. I would definitely recommend him!
5	Yes this out of his home but honestly this guy knows tons about 360s and how to fix them.  Pleased so far and love the warranty.
