4	Fixed my shoes on the spot for a very reasonable price. Would go back.
5	Excellent work on jewelry repair.  Excellent low price. The owner is a very nice guy.
5	Was really nervous about brining my diamond to a jeweler to get it sized.  I did some research and found lots of good reviews about Alex.  I called Alex to find out if he could do it and he said he could do it while I waited.  This made me very relieved.  I just didn't want to be without it.  :)  While I was there waiting several people came in who were obviously regular customers.  Everyone seemed very satisfied with Alex.  When he brought my ring out after about 20 minutes it was gorgeous and he even gave me a hug and congratulated me and my fiance.  Will definitely be bringing my fiance's boots in for repair soon!
5	On my way to a job interview and realized my puppy chewed on the heels I was wearing.  Found Alex's on yelp and decided to give it a try since it was on my way to the interview.  Walked in and not only did Alex fix my shoes in 5 mins but he was super nice.  And I even picked up some earring-backs as he sells jewelry there too. Everything was reasonably priced.  :)
5	Had an engagement ring I needed to get sized while I waited, a couple little watch fixes, and cleaning for both. He sized the ring in about 15 minutes, and did a perfect job for $35. Alex quoted me $40 to clean and polish my watch, I opted for the free steam clean instead. Alex is very friendly, professional, and talented.
5	I love this place!!!! I have always seen it since I lived close so I decided to get my Dr. Marten boots fixed up and beautiful again. Alex did the most incredible job I almost cried when I left the shop. He did it so quick too, within an hour and charged me a very reasonable, flat price. Good pricing, amazing quality, and such a sweet gentleman! Highly recommended  :)
5	Alex is a great guy and does excellent work.
5	Alex has been great, do to illness I was not able to pick up my ring yet.  I called a several weeks ago and he told me not to worry.  I called today and told him I would be picking my ring up on Sept. 9.  He was so understanding and pleasant.  He made me feel worry free.  Thank you Alex for being kind.
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!! took my precious engagement ring to switch settings, and Alex did it so fast, while I waited there! He was super nice to me, charged me for this service what I thought was a very good price also. I couldn't have been happier with his quality of job and customer service!! THANKS SO MUCH Alex!!!! Good luck to you and your business!! Highly recommended!
1	Brought my UGG boots to have a grease mark removed then decided to have the entire boot cleaned.  Alex said it would cost $15.00 to clean myself or he could clean it for $30.00, so I decided  to have him take on the project.  As he wrote up the ticket he  priced the cleaning at $35.00 and I corrected that error.  I picked up my boots and it looks WORSE than when I dropped them off!!  There were spots everywhere on one boot.  I asked what happened and he said the boots were really dirty.  I told they were not dirty when I brought them in with the exception of the grease mark.  He offered no apology and no discount!  I do not recommend bringing in suede boots or purses to him as he probably specializes only in leather, even then it would be questionable.  I'm a first time and last time customer...EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!
5	I brought my engagement ring in to get it re-sized smaller since I've been wearing it on my middle finger for months. Alex was pleasant to deal with. I was in and out in about 20 minutes, even though several other patrons started coming in after me and as far as I can tell, he's the only person who works there. The ring now fits perfectly on the proper finger and it only cost 35 dollars. I don't think you can ask for any better.
5	Got an engagement ring resize done by Alex earlier today...speedy! We even had to wait 20mins or so for a ring steamer to warm up and it was still all very quick. More importantly the results were perfect and the ring looked even cleaner than when I brought it in. Don't bother with other places for straightforward jewelry repairs. Another place in the area (near the Walmart on Ft Apache) told me it'd take them 2 DAYS to get the job done and anyone who could do it on the spot would charge a crazy amount of money...I guess they never met ALEX! Affordable and again, very fast...whoosh!
5	Mr. Alex is great! He is professional, super friendly and the kind of small business owner that we all need to support in our community. I recommended his repair shop to all my friends on Facebook, because my experience there was so great.
5	Wow! What an expert, resized my 14k solitaire engagement ring in 15 mins. Even added the gold he cut off to the width of the band. Well worth the $35 plus taxes. Highly recommend him!
