4	Solid tumbling program. Great equipment. Enthusiastic coaches
4	Went for a child's birthday party. Lots of space for the kiddos to spread out. My daughter loved playing on the very good quality gymnastic equipment. They also had a sizable play area set aside for smaller kids that my youngest appreciated. The party room itself was a dance studio and was a bit cramped but fine for what it was. I would recommend this place for birthday parties as they can accommodate larger parties. My only suggestion to the staff would be when you greet people coming in for birthday parties, a smile is always the best way to welcome someone. The staff was very nice in the party rooms.
3	Another reviewer was correct but moreover, they do not know my daughters name after 7 months nor do they try to build a personal rapport with each person. There are too many kids per coach making it too difficult to accomplish anything in a single class or provide any individual attention. My daughter has never been assessed and she tells us she has never received feedback of any sort. Turnover is also insane which is part of the problem.  My child is there because she enjoys it and it has built self esteem which to us is priceless but to them that isn't important, they put all of their energy into potential stars. Otherwise you're a nobody.  I would love it if they valued everyone in the same way. The front office people aren't the brightest nor the friendliest either.  I think they figure they are busy enough to lose some business and not be affected by it.  I gave it 3 stars because my sons experience is completely different. His coach is wonderful and highly competent. If I were to factor his experience alone they would have an extra star. If he goes to another gym, we will follow him.
1	I sent my daughter who is 5 here with a friend for their week long Spring Break camp. We had been here once for a birthday party and I thought they did a good job and the friend had positive experiences with her older kids. The reason the girls signed up together was because the friend's mom was going to be across the country tending to serious medical issues with another older sibling and dad works, so carpooling was key. When I walked in to drop the girls off the first day, the women behind the desk quickly passed me off to the teen-aged kids running the camp. I checked them in (gave their names) and asked them about changing a name on the pick up list they requested in their paperwork. I wanted to include the babysitter of my friend so she could pick them up the next afternoon and keep them at their house until my work was over at 5:30 PM. The women at the front desk had me hand write out a note to include in my daughter's file supposedly. The next day went without a hitch -- my daughter got picked up.  Wednesday was a field trip day and my friend and I miscommunicated via text (remember she is far away!) and the sitter did not pick up my daughter as planned. I arrived at the friend's house for pickup to be told by the sitter that she did NOT pick her up -- she was told not to today (again misunderstanding -- totally our fault and not the gym). HOWEVER, the gym was in possession of a note from me that said she WAS picking my daughter up FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK. Not one person questioned the sitter when she left without my daughter. They never called anyone of us to ask -- they just shuffled her to aftercare, which I never signed up for or paid for, which should have a been a sign on its own! Basically they were so complacent that they would have let anyone walk out with any kid if the kid would have left willingly. They were unaffected by the fact that my 5-year-old sat for two hours when they could have called me to come get her. After discussing it with one of the people on the phone on the way to the gym (in my panic to make sure was there since they didn't call I wasn't sure), when I got there not one person apologized or even tried to explain. They sent me upstairs to a room where my 5 year old girl was sitting on the floor watching some kids show with an older teen boy BY HERSELF. He was clueless and again did not apologize or offer any explanation. Though I asked for a phone call back from the camp director, no one ever called me back or mentioned the issue again. I begrudgingly brought my daughter back for the last day (I had to work and the friend was in tears without her) and no word -- they just don't care. They have so many people, you are just a number. They do not engage or get to know the kids. They did not care that my friend's daughter cried every time I dropped her off. I would never send my kids here for anything ever again. AWFUL EXPERIENCE.
1	This gym is so busy that they don't feel the need to treat their customers with any respect. I signed my son up for a class (11 and no experience) and was very clear that I was worried there wouldn't be other boys his age in the class. They assured me they had boys around his age in several different classes. There were a couple in his trial class, so we enrolled for a month. The first class day it was full of only little girls (the other boys had been moved up to the next level). I asked to switch to a different time/day and was told there wasn't anything with boys around his age. I asked if he could do a different level, they said not without the coaches approval, but the coach is gone for 2 weeks. I asked for a refund and was told "no refunds (including the mandatory annual fee) and cancellations must be done online". Funny, because it took an hour for me to enroll because their website wasn't working and I had to do fill out the forms manually. She said cancellation forms are not available. I sent an email, assuming the girl working the desk may not have the authority to make these decisions and they haven't even had the decency to reply. I am a business owner and have refunded money to customers for far less reasons because I know how important word of mouth is. The employees are nice, some of the coaches experienced, but their PR is garbage!
5	Amazing gym! Coaches are great! Their open gym and summer camp are great programs! Hands down best place in AZ for gymnastics!
3	It took a couple of weeks and another email, but I was contacted by the gym and I am happy with their attempt to correct the situation. Still no refund, but at least they acknowledged our position and tried to make things better.
1	After doing researcher on their wed site, I was excited about gathering a group of moms to play at their open gym. I called to get more information about a specific  event and was told they no longer have that event. However, they did still hold an open gym during that time.  So a girlfriend and I arrived at noon and were told very rudely that we were 30 mins early. There was no classes going on at the time and the little kids area was empty. I told them I had just called and was told 12 pm, and even mentioned the event that they no longer have. The front desk staff did not care and told us that we would have to wait. I asked about the event that was on their wed site and was told that I was wrong, even though I had checked before going that day and it was still on there. The second time going, was not any better and they were still extremely rude and very confrontational. This was my third time going and once again the staff was rude, disorganized and did not care about my business. The open gym is a bit pricey and is only a hour and a half, in which they always open the doors late and then want you to stretch for the first 10 minutes. I have a 22 month old son, so he could care less about sitting and stretching. Then they kick you out  10 minutes before its over, and have you walk across the parking lot for a free snack(small bag of goldfish). The option to stay and play for the last 10 minutes is not available and every staff member(all teenagers) told me at one time or another that open gym was now over.  I would not mind the price or the length of time, if the stuff was friendly!! :(
5	Coach Christa and Suzie are awesome with the Novice Girls! They are great at keeping the kids' attention and helping them progress! They have helped her in her confidence and patience!
4	This is a great gym with great facilities. My daughter has been coming here for almost 4 years (she'll be 6 this year).The instructors all know what they are doing and my daughter is always learning and progressing. My only complaint has been the consistency of her coaches. Sometimes we have the same one for 6 or 7 months, sometimes we have 5 new ones over a few months. Changing coaches makes it hard for the little ones and for the coach to know the abilities of their students.Overall, it's great place. Sign up.
4	A GREAT place for summer camps and overnighter fun! I'm even getting ready to sign my daughter up for another round of classes! This past "over nighter", our friend's daughter wasn't fully signed in for the event but they went above and beyond to help us out! Management was accommodating and helped us rectify the situation very quickly!  I want to be clear,  just because they were accommodating, doesn't mean that we "got our way"  It means that we were able to come up with a solution together that worked for all of us. Helpful hint: PARENTS, check for your email confirmation notifications!I'm always impressed that USA Fitness can hire so many gracious young ladies who never speak in that nasty tone that adults are accustomed to hearing.  It's refreshing to see them smile, be incredibly happy and even more importantly, HELPFUL! (I swear their parents must be AMAZING!) No question, I'll recommend USA Youth Fitness Center time and again!
5	We love USA - all 3 of my children have been attending since they were 1 - from, dance, to gymnastics, to open gym - a big part of our lives!
4	Our son has been attending USA Gymnastics for the past 3 years.  His athletic ability and physical strength have grow by leaps and bounds.  Gymnastics has really helped him progress in his Tae Kwon Do training as well.  He goes to classes two times a week.  When we attended the Gilbert location, we had problems with his Friday night coach changing on almost a weekly basis.  Since we've been at Queen Creek, he's had a consistent (and fabulous) coach who has helped him progress.  His coach has a lot of energy and patience.  He knows what he is doing and he is also a gymnast.  He is able to keep the young boys engaged and focused throughout the class.  I can't say enough good things about the new Queen Creek location!!
5	We started a few months ago and absolutely love the boys gymnastics program. They ensure that the children actually learn the skills properly and they are safe. My boys love going to class and wish they could go everyday! We also attend the open gyms and kids night out! The kids ask to go every time!!! The staff is always friendly and helpful and is just amazing!!
5	Great gymnastics program! My daughter has been attending for 3 months and absolutely loves it!! Very positive and encouraging coaches/staff!! They truly care about their athletes The facility is more than accommodating with viewing from all angles of the gym. Would highly recommend the Queen Creek campus!!!!
5	USA is amazing!  My daughter is a level 2 cheerleader in the USA All-Stars program and the program is simply the best!  The coaches are caring and supportive yet tough enough to push the girls to their full potential.  If your looking for a gym WITHOUT parent drama, this is the gym for you.  We spend 6-7 hours a week at USA and the gym is like a second family to us.  I highly recommend USA for any kid regardless of their level.  They have programs for babies all the way up!
5	This program is AMAZING!  The coaches are friendly, knowledgable and enthusiastic!  The facility is modern and clean plus the equipment is some of the best in the industry.  Every time I am there, I feel welcome and my kiddos have a wonderful time, burning energy, learning new skills, and most important to me, they are valued and feel special.  I would highly recommend USA Fitness to everyone from beginning athletes to elite gymnasts!
4	We have been at USA Youth Fitness for a couple years.  We LOVE the gym in Gilbert, but transferred to Queen Creek Location for convenience.  Very happy with our experience. Great programs in addition to gymnastics for kiddos.
