4	My boyfriend and I really enjoyed the three hours we spent wondering the endless stalls at Trader Marc's.  We went looking for records for our new vintage record player we recently purchased and came out with a rug, jewelry, bamboo plants, a few books, some farmer's market tomatoes, some locally made bbq sauce, and some $1 squeaky toys for our pug.  No, we didn't find any records, but we found everything else!  This place is HUGE and there really is something for everyone.  Even if you don't want to buy anything, this is a great place to wonder around if you are bored on a weekend.  They had a full farmer's market in the back also, but I'm not sure how long that will last as the fall creeps in.  Thumbs up for TM overall!
1	Don't waste your time. It's just like all the other flea markets with outrageous prices. If I see one more Asian booth I'll scream.
4	This was my first time here, since I was visiting from out of town. I went on a Friday, and to be honest, it was pretty dead. Hey, that's fine with me, the less crowd, the better the finds. Anyways, I really wanted to come to get some used records and books.The place is really huge, I could have spent all day in here! Unfortunately, I only had about two hours. As soon as I walked in, I went through the Trader Marc's Antiques doorway to the right. They had some really pretty items and antiques, I was tempted to buy everything. If you go all the way to the back section of their store, that's where you hit the jackpot with their records.Now, let me tell you something about their records. They have an AWESOME selection, defintely not like the crappy stuff you find in thrift stores or consignment shops. Everything is organized in alphabetical order and of section of Rock, Folk, Jazz, etc. The Rock section is definitely the biggest, and it consists of all the records from like the 50's to the 90's or so. The only downfall is that there were really no current records, but I guess that's expected. Most of the records range from $2-$8, but the rarer ones can go up to $30. It's kinda pricey as far as records go, but the selection is so good and you're still getting a good bargain.You've got everything from The Doors to The Rolling Stones to Queen to Madonna and so on. Just before I could get to the crate, this guy swiped up a Jimi Hendrix record for 20 bucks. Not sure which one it was, but bummer for me :( It's all good, cause I walked away with Tommy by The Who for $8, and The Beatles Greatest Hits '62-'66 for $18. After that, I check out the used books at the front of the market right when you enter. There were a ton, but I couldn't find any classics or really old books. I'm always on the lookout for first edition copies, but these people knew what they were doing and they wouldn't put out any "by accident". By the time I had finished with this, the vendors were already starting to close, at 4:30! Weren't we supposed to have another 30 min? Oh well. From what I could see that hadn't closed yet, there were some jewelry shops, purse vendors, clothing stalls, and even a makeup stand that was selling OPI and MAC makeup. Beware, although it looked legit, I doubt it really was. There were a few other vendors that were selling some records, but none of them were really worth looking at. Altogether, Trader Marc's was a cool experience. I'd definitely go back and see what I could find. It's worth going to visit and walking around, even if you don't wanna buy anything :)
1	This has been closed - out of business.
