1	Dr. Tingey mis-diagnosed me. This doctor is insincere and totally dissconnected from his patients.I need hip surgery, but he wanted to do a orthoscopic to fix a muscle tear, which is not causing the pain. Orthoscopic surgery would have been a waste of time.I did my research and found a doctor who could help.
1	No Compassion for my 12 year old. In my opinion took his cast off way to early and put a hard sling on him that did not form right. Every time I called to get him in to for a new one it was excuse after excuse not to see him. Not recommended at all. ZERO STARS
1	Maybe I should've read the reviews before going to take my daughter. They suck!!!  First of y'all the doctor took all day to come in saying she had an "emergency". Well I'm glad I didn't have one too. Then when I went to check out the lady was rude as hell.  Dang lady it's Monday morning and you are angry already. Smh.
1	Beware of the XRAY SCAM! So I bring my XRAYS from  2 months ago and Dr Tingey says we need XRAYS of you standing up not laying down. I was like hmmmm maybe I do. So we go to the XRAY room onsite. But wait I did ask Tingey what if I do have arthitis well we need a standing XRAY to determine that. In the XRAY room the girl took XRAYS of me laying down and then just 1 of me standing!  Back in the exam room Tingey says looks like you have arthitis I was like hmmmm geez those XRAYS we are looking at are ones I brought with me. What a complete waste of time and money.  No wonder our health care costs are thru the roof. I will never go back to DOC or Tingey.  Makes me want to take a vacation in Bangkok cost and service far better.
4	This place is terrible. Brought my son here to have his elbow looked at. They took us back in a very short period of time, now comes the long wait. It has been over 50 minutes and he finally has come in. I will find someone else on my insurance list next time.
1	I went to see dr. Rassi for a problem I was having with my ankle. I had an MRI done while I was studying abroad and they told me I would possibly need surgery if my pain didn't go away. When I saw him I had one of the worst experiences with a doctors office. I had to wait almost three hours before I got called back. Once there I waited another half hour to have a nurse tell me that I had to get X-rays done so that took even longer. When he finally came to see me he looked at the X-rays and asked me why I was there. I explained that I had pain in my ankle when I walked and had an MRI done that said I had a possibly torn ligament. He didn't even look at my MRI and told me nothing was wrong with it. I asked what I should do to help manage the pain and he accused me of trying to get pain medication. The only thing he did for me was send me to therapy which did nothing to help. I ended up getting another opinion and was told I needed surgery to correct the problem. He did absolutely nothing for me. He was incredibly rude and had a horrible bedside manner.
3	Despite all the negative reviews of this place I took into consideration that majority of them were a few years old and made an appointment anyway. As a new patient, I was able to get an appointment within a week for pain in my elbow. Originally the nurse was going to schedule it with Dr. Rassi, but with all the terrible things Yelpers were saying I asked for someone else (I gave the reviews the benefit of the doubt, but wasn't really going to set myself up!). I ended up seeing Dr. Lee and have to say, I didn't experience any of the negative things that have been posted in the past. I arrived early, knowing I needed to fill out forms first. The staff were friendly and helpful. I did have about a 30 minute wait beyond my appointment time (but I've been to places where I've had to wait 2 hours after an appointment time, so 30 minutes wasn't bad.) The staff were thorough. Even X-rays were taken before I saw the doctor so that he didn't have to send me back to X-Ray after seeing me. Overall, I was pleased. So far, I'll be going back for follow-ups. For now, I'll give it 3 stars and update as necessary.
1	My internist referred me to Dr. Thomas Dunn for an assessment following a CT scan done due to the fact that I was having severe pain down my right leg.. I had 5 spinal surgeries, the latest in 2008 (California) and the CT showed I had loosened 2 of the large screws that connected my hips and my sacrum. After making an appointment, the Doctor's PA, a woman named Trish, called and said the doctor wouldn't see me because , "Honey, he doesn't fix other doctor's surgeries". "What do you expect?"  I told her not to call me honey and that I needed his expertise to see what options I might have. She hung up on me. Charming and professional!
5	My first broken bone @33, with torn ligament.I didn't know it was broken, until 3 weeks later, it just wasn't healing.I have great insurance that lets me self refer, so I made an appointment and got in within 3 days. Not super close to my house, but it sounded like the kind of place I needed.Random lottery lined me up with Dr. Stewart.I am an educated Yelper with many reviews and though I've never been to an orthopedic surgeon, I've seen many types of medical professionals.Now- here's your pros and cons.Pros-=the man knows his stuff.=He really is super professional.=His support staff are excellent, front desk too.=He gave me OPTIONS, which is better than I thought I was going to leave with.=My surgery was at surgical center, not a hospital; this was actually rather nice.Cons-=Yes, the wait time. Good LORD clear your evening.My appointment is usually at 3pm (I've had multiple appt's to check the position of the pins in my hand)...and I usually leave after dark, around 6. No exceptions. Get in there early if you can.=only other con, surgery is only on certain days, Tu/thurs as I recall; these do not move and they let you know what time to be there the night before. Don't worry, you're going to be laid out all day, anyway, it's surgery, not vacation.=when I went back to get the pins pulled out of my bones, no local anesthetic or anything...I almost passed out from the pain and had to lay down. Had one pin 2" deep, connecting 2 thumb bones, and 2 pins diagonal 3/4" deep in the joint. Pulled and twisted with pliers....I watched the whole thing :0So in short, I do recommend this office, and Dr. Stewart, just get here early in AM.  Also ask for an anesthetic.
1	Now waiting one hour past appointment time.  I like my doctor, but something needs to be done about scheduling appointments. Last time I waited close to 3 hours and I didn't even get to the doctor.
1	Wish I had read reviews prior!!! Front office staff is inconsiderate and uncaring.  My initial apt I waited well over an hour just in waiting room then another half hour in the back. Second visit 50 min wait up front and again lengthy wait in back to see dr. My follow up visit( after surgery and very uncomfortable)  I wait an hour and 25 min and complained twice... Front office lady said they are just waiting for a room to open and I was next. After waiting another 8 min they came out and call someone else!!!!  I left! HELLO DOCTORS OUR TIME IS VALUABLE TOO!!! IF YOU CANT HOLD AN APT EITHER :1. Call and notify patient of running late or....2. Don't books so many clients!It is so rude of you to think that your patients ( who pay your Benz payment) are so unimportant that you can treat them this way. I am a business owner and wld never allow my clients to wait more then 5-6 min for me.... Talk about unthoughtful  and ungrateful !!!
