4	#4 in an on-going series of restaurants I've never set foot in.Sporting one of the most conversation-muddling names in recent history, My Mother's Restaurant serves up home cookin' just like your mom hypothetically used to make. No matter how you look at it, My Mother's is "A Good Place To Be"Their specialty is homemade meals. All dinners come with mashed potatoes and gravy, corn and a dinner roll. Your choice of entrees includes meat loaf, prime rib, roast beef, spare ribs and many more. My Mother's also offers pastas, sandwiches (the open-faced turkey sandwich is quite tasty), roasted chicken, salads and pizza. My Mother's has some of the best homemade pie I've yet to encounter in Phoenix. The Coconut Cream and Chocolate Cream pies are outstanding with a melt in your mouth crust. Slices of pie run around $4, but when you can get an entire pie for just over double the price of a single slice, you'll be face-deep in an entire pie in no time. My Mother's, of course, delivers and also offers catering services. They don't deliver between the hours of 2pm and 5pm, however, so bear that in mind the next time you crave a slice of sin.
4	Pie. Go for the pie. Everything else is OK. But did I mention the pie is really good? Mmmm... pie.
2	If my mother ever cooked like this I would have fired her. "My Mother's" is bland as I am white. I had bland Lasagna with hard spice-less garlic bread and a limp side salad. The only item that saved My Mother's was the pie. The Chocolate Cream Pie (pictured) was heaven. The contrast between dinner and desert made me wonder if My Mother had someone else bake the pie.
3	My Mother's is what it is, a simple mix of comfort food with splash of Italian thrown in. It's a strange space, in that they have gobbled up some of the store fronts surrounding them to create this maze of darkly lit rooms.  The decor is set up to give one the feeling that you are in someones home, with pictures of a landscape framed under window glass (so you feel like you are looking out a window on to rolling country hills). These are a nice off-set for creepy portraits of little kids that have eyes that seem to follow you around as you move.For the most part the food is decent... but not spectacular. I might have a higher opinion if I didn't cook myself. Some things on the menu that are better than your average Denny's would be the Turkey or Pot Roast Dinners. And if you order one of the open face sandwiches, make sure you are extraordinarily hungry because these things are HUGE (i weighed a to go lunch of the Open Face Roast Beef once and it came in just under three pounds!)In addition to the yummy fresh baked bread that every table is served upon seating (along with whipped honey butter) they have a nice sampling of pies that rotate based on the season. Each pie is cut in to four slices, so you can easily share one amongst the table.And finally, the wait staff is super friendly. If you get the chance, sit in Andrea's section (she's the BEST).If you go, don't expect anything spectacular, just home cooking without the need for prep and cleanup.
3	The ambiance of My Mother's Restaurant is a riot of patterned fabric, antiques, and cheap prints. Chintz! A generic salad bar is conveniently included with your entree. Nothing fancy, just filling veg and crunchy toppings. The bread that comes with your meal is warm and soft, with a charming taste of being previously frozen, just like mother used to make. (Or my mother, anyway.)The entrees are just good plain food. I find them under-seasoned generally, but they are still wholesome and tasty. Get the turkey dinner: thick slices of turkey, with mashed potatoes, delicious green beans, and cornbread stuffing. I tend to snarf half of my turkey plate, and save the rest to make a sandwich the next day, just like Thanksgiving leftovers.
3	Meh. Everything was fine, edible, decent "home cookin'". Hubby had the pot pie which had great tasting filling but a tough crust. Since I won't be headed to Saugatuck, MI this summer, I won't be able to get my annual open faced roast beef at the Kalico Kitchen. So I decided to give Mother's version a try. Not too shabby. Dinners come with a lot of bread and butter, and some come with a trip to the salad bar. Hubby really liked their cole slaw.Then, we fought over pie. I wanted coconut cream, but Hubby sat there dejectedly until I relented on the chocolate peanut butter. Damn manipulator. The filling was mighty tasty, but  I did not care for the stabilized whipped cream on top. It didn't taste as fresh as it should have. The pie slices are massive, so our sweet gamer-boy waiter brought it to us already cut in half. We might be back, maybe some night when neither of us wants to cook and we're tired of the usual suspects.
4	If I were rating just the pie, they would get five stars and then some.  The facility is in a not-so-spectacular part of town, and it shows both inside the restaurant and out.  The staff is friendly, although I noticed a couple of them are short a few teeth...  I have a thing with teeth.  I don't suppose it really affects most peoples' dining experience.  However, if you, like I, have a thing about teeth, be prepared.Of the food I have eaten there, thus far, it's been of good quality.  They have a modest salad bar, complete with all kinds of tasty goodies, packed into an even more modest space; it takes up both sides of a passage to get to half the south seating area, so if you linger you might get a chance to get up close and personal with some of your fellow diners.I haven't actually set foot in the kitchen, but I get the distinct impression that they make their own bread.  They serve small loaves of it as an appetizer with your meal.  The dough is also used to make their pizza, which my son orders every time we go there.Oh, and the pies.  If everything that is good and right could be made into a pie, it would be these pies.  We actually started going there because My Mother's was kind enough to donate some pies to a breast cancer event my wife was taking part in, and she enjoyed the pies so much we had to eat at the restaurant to thank them and to get more pie.  That's when I got my first taste of the pie.  I can not recommend the banana cream pie highly enough.To summarize, the place is a bit run down, nice people, decent food (although, don't go if you're watching what you eat), good bread and pies that are almost as good as sex was, back when I was younger and could do it right...
4	I have a special place in my heart for My Mother's because it was where I broke my 15 year streak of vegetarianism.  And I never had any of the alleged gastrointestinal repercussions that I anticipated.The roast turkey is better than my mom ever made, not that it means much because my mom never cooked.  But it's still good.  The salad bar is pretty awesome too.  It's small, but they manage to fit almost every thing I could possibly want into a four foot long space.  And, they have real homeade bleu cheese dressing that tastes like bleu cheese throughout.  Not like the crappy version that tastes like ranch with bleu cheese lumps in it.I had the pizza once and was incredibly underwhelmed.  Maybe it's better when you get it at the restaurant and not as take-out, but I'll never try it again.  It reminded me of a frozen pizza.Today, because we're on a mission to find awesome wings, ordered some wings as our appetizer.  Our entrees came out before our appetizer.  But when we told the waiter they immediately put them in to cook to our specifications.  Then they didn't charge us for it.  Nice!  Bad service?  No, just an honest mistake that they immediately corrected.The wings however were not that good.  They were cooked crispy like we like it and the sauce had the right ingredients, but the ratio of butter:vinegar:heat was off.  Too much butter!  I felt like I was eating wings in cream sauce it was so buttery.  It coated my mouth with an oily gunk for far too long.  Maybe I wouldn't have noticed if it actually came as an appetizer.I still love My Mother's, particularly for the stuff that my mother should have made: turkey, chicken, meat loaf, turkey pot pie, etc.  But I would stay away from the wings and pizza.
3	A pretty good place to eat. I had the turkey, which was surprisingly moist and tender. I'm not wild about the glasses they serve beverages in, or the decor of the place in general, but the food was above average. The gravy was rather 'meh', and tasted as if it had been  a store brand purchased at a discount market down the road. The only genuine disappointment is something I can't hold againt My Mother's restaurant: the rolls. Dinner rolls in places like this usually taste like rubbish, and unfortunately this was no exception. Everything else was spot-on, though. I enjoyed myself, and plan on eating there again.
5	Comfort food at its best Clean, good food, great staff, delivery,  LOVE IT!!!
4	My Wife and I stopped here last night after doing some shopping downtown, We've been coming here for years, and she and her family have been coming there since she was a little girl, it's a little bit off of the beaten path, but worth a stop, it's doesn't look like much from the outside and the building is kind of old, but these kind of family owned businesses are hard to come by, most of the dinners  range from $8-10, I'm a big fan of the country fried steak, the -portion is good size, the gravy is the right thickness, the meat isn't too gristly or fatty, their mash potatoes seem to be homemade and fresh, and the corn on the cob I had was sweet and juicy. their bread is to die for, and all dinners come with a salad bar which is surprisingly well stocked.definitely a favorite when in search of comfort food, we can usually get a table with little or no wait, and the service is always attentive.
4	I only go to My Mother's for lunch because it's not too far from work, but I've been going here for about 12 years. The building they are located in is crappy, but the food is great. Nine times out of ten I'll get the open faced turkey sandwich, which is made with REAL home cooked turkey, not processed meat, with real mashed potato's and cranberry sauce. Excellent! Friends also recommend the steak sandwich, which you have to ask for. It's not on the menu, but they are more than happy to make it for you. If you want to impress your friends, park in back and take them in through the service entry doors, and on into the restaurant. It's kind of like Durant's, without the atmosphere.
4	Another Great Meal at "My Mother's" this Phoenix location,Maybe its the Salad Buffet, Maybe its the Amazing Lasagna dishMaybe its the Pie, soo good, and 1/4 slices.I really like how the restaurant is glowing with a home made feel with great food.My mothers food is the best and 2nd best is My mother's in Phoenix.  This location is not so easy to find but once you visit it you will always know how to get back to mothers house.  The Bread offered before your meal is a nice touch and it is delicious.  Aside from the mind blowing Lasagna the turkey pot pie is great as well.  You are sure not to leave from the restaurant hungry.  Happy eating! I'll see you at My Mother's
4	Chicken Fried Steak.With brown gravy.:drools:I don't think there's ever a bad time to eat chicken fried steak. Or chicken fried chicken (redundant much?), for that matter.While I normally steer clear of salad bars (an odd combination of resisting my rabbit tendencies and a major phobia of how ineffectively people bathe themselves before going into public eateries) , the salad bar at My Mother's has always been clean ad well stocked. And maybe because I feel like I'm back in the Midwest that I let go of those things that hold be back from splurging at salad bars? Perhaps. I don't eat sweets so I won't comment on the pies.  But let's move on to what's really important--the chicken fried steak.I don't know how they make it so good, but I could eat this meal on a regular basis and never get tired of it. Crispy on the outside; moist on the inside. Just how mama used to make it...if she ever did make it. I love love love the new potatoes. The service has always been good-to-great (trying hard to remember the server's name who does it so good, and pulling blanks). And the ambiance is, well, I guess other-worldly might fit. It's not the location you'd go to and think, "I'd love to have my commitment ceremony here. Honey, don't you think this motif would come across *darling* on film?" But, that's not always a bad thing.Perhaps what really draws me to this place is, as much as I hate to admit it, some times I miss home. Coming here is like being back in Fulton County and being with my family or friends at one of the local restaurants [not that we had a surplus of such]. It's everything that My Mother's is that takes me back to Ohio and reminds me of all the good things that I left.Oh, great. I just turned a review into a pilot for Lifetime.
2	I went to My Mother's for dinner with a large group of family members (16), including 6 kids ranging in age from newborn to 8 years old. While the decor was generically bad "down-home" from the 80's, the staff was very nice and seated us in a side room with plenty of space for all of us.The meal started with homemade bread which was warm and soft. This gave me hope that the meal wouldn't be in keeping with the general feel of the place. Alas, my hope was not long lived and I soon felt like an Obama supporter watching McCain win the election.After ordering, I made my way to the salad bar. This seemed quaint, considering that salad bars aren't really popular anymore, unless you're at Souper Salad or Sweet Tomatoes. The salad bar was not entirely scary, but wasn't anything worth going back to. I'm fairly certain everything came out of a can, bag, bottle or box. The freshest thing may have been the red onion, which obviously had been poorly sliced by hand.Moving on to the main course, I had Mother's Meat Loaf dinner. My meat loaf came with rice pilaf and green beans. Once again, food from cans and boxes made an appearance, as my beans were canned and my rice must have come from a box mix. The meatloaf was actually made from non-canned meat, but wasn't all that exciting. It had been cooked with ketchup slathered on top, yet was served with gravy on the side (probably originally made from a powder mix). I ate most of my dinner because I was hungry, not because of the quality.Hoping for a come-from-behind win in a big electoral state, I ordered pie for dessert. They tout their homemade pies, but seem to think that "homemade" means making pie from canned ingredients. My cherry pie was not spectacular, as the preprocessed cherry filling was encased in crust which attempted to be light, flaky and buttery, but only managed to be dry and chewy.My Mother's was saved from a one-star rating by two things...the graciousness and patience of the staff, and the low prices. For two dinners and a huge slice of pie split between my wife and I, our total bill including tax and tip was $35.My advice is to keep your hope in homestyle cooking and stay out of My Mother's Restaurant.
5	I had a bad address for today's restaurant outing & ended up warily sticking my head in the door at this nearly windowless place.  I was promptly greeted by "Mother" (in her 70s?).  I liked her, & she told me they have been there for 32 years, so I decided to give it a try.This is a cozy, comfortable, dimly lit place, & there were already a lot of customers well before noon.  I started with the "all-you-can-eat" salad bar, where there was a lot to choose from, but you have to fit it "all" on a small plate, & you only get one trip, so I stacked it up like Mt. Vesuvius.  For the entree, I ordered an open-face hot turkey sandwich, which comes with mashed potatoes & cranberry sauce.While waiting for the sandwich I was anticipating only 2 or 3 Stars for this place, & frankly wishing I had gone somewhere else, because I was annoyed by the "one trip" salad bar rule, but then my main course arrived...  OMG, it's HUGE!  :-))   It was totally delicious too, as was the generous serving of mashed potatoes, & also the cranberry sauce.What a great lunch this turned out to be, & it's probably a good thing you only get one trip to the salad bar, because Mother here feeds you what amounts to "all you can eat" by the time it's over with, anyway!  My server was great too, & it was only $8.28 for the whole shebang.  Yum!
4	How did I forget to write a review for this place when I first joined yelp? Oh wait I know why, I did not want everyone packing this place resulting in no more delicious food for me LOL. I know I was being selfish but hey even food detectives have their little secrets. I was first introduced to this place back in 2004 by a guy I used to hang out with. He promised me that nothing but good things would be found in this small and darkly lit place ( kind of got this feeling that I was in the restaurant scene from the godfather and  that I was not going to come out alive LOL). What this place lacks in updated decorations it definitely makes up with it's food.First off if you have spent most of your life eating those hard as a rock rolls that everyone makes during the holidays you were being done wrong. This place offers bread that is soft, warm, and has a slight sweetness that leaves you wanting more. It is like when you are a kid and you imagine what eating a cloud would be like seriously no joke. It is just plain goodness. As others have stated they do have a one trip to the salad bar rule which they will enforce so make sure to follow it.This is to make sure that you save room for all the mouth watering food you are about to be served, and served, and served. No that was not a typo or me spacing out and coping the same thing over and over again. This place takes the mother name to heart. Mother is a sweet old women who believes in making sure you eat well and a lot lol. No one leaves this place hungry I can guarantee you that! Huge portions of ribs, chicken, and even Fred Flintstone dino steaks fill the menu and your stomach until you feel like you are going to bust. Topped off with a glass of sweet tea and you have one of the best meals in the valley. OK so it is out of the way for some and yes it does look like a place that may have been really popular in the 1950-70's but that just means they spend more time making the food taste so good. After all do you go to a restaurant to look at their selection of chairs or to eat LOL.If nothing else you have to try the pie this place cranks out. If you always wanted to have a grandma who made you cookies but had the one who always bought ones from the store this is your chance to see what you have been missing. I recommend the banana cream pie ( oh wait, on second thought try the other ones banana is my fav). Their pies are creamy, and will make you almost think about packing up and moving closer to this place if you do not already live near by. The point is try this place and make sure you do as the old saying goes "do not judge a book by it's cover or you may miss out on some really good food.Case closed
4	Stopped back into My Mother's today for a second visit.  Last time, I noticed that a lot of the other customers were eating spaghetti, so I wanted to give that a try this time & compare it to Old Spaghetti Factory.This was a Tuesday at lunchtime, & the place was buzzing with lots of customers, as before.  It turns out that there IS such a thing as "Unlimited Salad Bar" available, but adding that to the spaghetti from the lunch menu runs up the cost beyond ordering from the dinner menu, which includes one trip to the salad bar.So, in the tradition of My Mother's, I joined the others at the salad bar piling their little plate up to the sky with delicious cold food.  A couple of tips here:*  There are two different types of little plates, & you want to select the one with the narrow rim, to maximize your salad serving.*  Don't miss Mother's great Potato Salad, or the really delicious little round slices of meat (Smoked Pepperoni ?) there.  YUM!After my salad, my server brought me a nice warm 1/2 roll of Garlic Toast, & my Spaghetti with Meat Sauce.  The serving size was generous, but I thought the taste of the sauce was just ok.Overall, I liked my spaghetti meal about the same amount as the one the other day at Old Spaghetti Factory.  It's $7.99 here & $9.99 at OSF, but OSF includes a beverage & dessert (& a little less spaghetti).I confess I'm a little spoled.  I've been eating at the world's largest (& quite possibly the best) spaghetti restaurant since I was eight years old (1955)... over 100 times I'm sure, & it's SO 5-Stars that everything else anywhere has trouble competing with it.  That's Vince's Spaghetti in Ontario, California.  Meanwhile, the one to beat over here in the Valley is VinciTorio's, in my opinion.I WILL return to My Mother's, & have something different next time, because I still think the place is special!
3	Best chicken fried chicken and gravy anywhere!
3	THE BEST PIE!  (But the food is just ok)To enjoy a slice of their chocolate peanut butter pie is an absolute MUST!  The slices are huge, and they are so rich and delicious.  The other varieties of pie are good as well, but the chocolate peanut butter cannot be beat.With that said, the food is just ok... or slightly worse.  I've eaten their twice and only go back for dessert now.  The salad bar is nice and the service is above-average.  Whatever you do, DO NOT GET GRAVY!  It is like some nasty, brown jello.Wait, did I mention how delicious the chocolate peanut butter pie is???
4	Great service, excellent food, down home setting, and filling everytime.I suggest the turkey dinner for a win-win situation. Also the prime rib is tasty. The salad bar is well varied and yummy.If you want fancy this aint your spot. If you want a good filling meal then get some.
4	No, no, no, you have got to stop going to overpriced, frou frou places where the food looks and tastes like it belongs in an art museum (whatever that means). I paid over $100 for 2 to eat buffalo steak at the new downtown Sheraton hotel and I could've sworn it was buffalo chips. My Mother's is an unpretentious hole in the wall yet the food really delivers! You've got to try their grilled salmon and grilled sea bass! Tender and full of flavor and affordable! Not to mention the freshly baked bread with honey butter that starts you out with. No wilted vegetables in the salad bar and you're right about their pies: home made and huge portions, especially their banana cream. Heaven! (sorry Marie Calendar's but you're just another McDonalds). The service is friendly and fast and there is a constant stream of customers and neighborhood folks.
5	I used to work at this place a long time ago, and went back recently.  The food is as good as ever, the service is fantastic, the prices are reasonable, and the owner is hot.  What more could you want?  I highly recommend the turkey, the prime rib, and the spareribs.  i'm not a rib eater, and the spare ribs are the best I've ever had...you won't be sorry, I promise!
5	I've been going to My Mother's for as long as I can remember.  I grew up just up the street from it.  I've never had a bad meal there.  The salad bar is always well stocked with a nice variety of items, nothing huge but just the right size for this restaurant.  The roast beef with mashed potatoes, green beans and gravy is excellent.  My son changes around, but usually ends up with the chicken fried steak which he loves.  So what if the decor isn't fancy? I'm going there to eat not pass some interior design test on the place.  They have made it homey and serve absolutely delicious food.  If some of you didn't like it because it wasn't fancy enough for you - don't let the door hit you on the way out and no one will miss you either!
4	We love this place! Ive had the blueberry pie and the strawberry cream pie and its definitely a to do if you love pie.My boyfriend and I had dinner here and it is very filling! Big portions and great service! Theresa was our server and you can just tell she loves her job! She sings, whistles and dances her way over to your table and she will even crack a joke to make you laugh. Superb!For dinner we had the Prime rib with mashed potatoes and green beans, the meat loaf with mashed potatoes and green beans, the house bread, and a trip to the salad bar complimentary with dinner. ALL YUMMY!The salad bar has a nice variety, I like peas on my salad and fresh peas they had indeed. The bread was warm and soft and yummy. The entrees were hot and perfect the way they came, not over salted or under spiced. My boyfriends prime rib was perfectly rare just the way he likes it.For dessert we had pie, what a great way to top off a tasty dinner! As for our check, $44. We were very surprised and pleased at the cost. We will definitely be back again!!
3	Working evenings at Central and McDowell with no designated lunch break, our food choices are Blue Fin (if we get there before 6:30). CVS if we get there before 8, or having My Mother's, Siu Wok or pizza delivered.No wonder I usually bring my own food from home!I've ordered or tasted most everything on the menu (thanks, sharing co-workers!) - and it's all incredibly decent.  I can't say I've tried anything terrible - but it's very middle of the road, perfectly OK food.A couple mentions for the plus side - the advertised big slice of pie is HUGE - a quarter of a pie, actually!  I don't do dairy, but have heard great reviews of the chocolate cream pie.  (I was told the banana creme was pretty much lacking banana flavor - but the creme was homemade and amazing, so still worth it.)  The other big plus - I ordered a BLT which came with obscene amounts of bacon.  I was expecting about half the bacon that ended up being there.  That alone is worth a star!On the minus side - bread choices are white and weat hamburger buns and white sub rolls.  I wanted my BLT on sourdough.  Had to settle for a white bun.  Not ideal, but not a deal breaker if you know about it going in.A couple weeks ago, I ordered the peach pie, available seasonally.  They did not have any.  HELLO?  Mid to late May in Phoenix?  It is PRIMO peach season if you're looking for the freshest you can get.  Which is really two minuses - the lack of pie I wanted AND showing they don't care about sourcing locally.I'll continue patronizing My Mother's.  Like I wrote above - haven't gotten anything BAD.  But it will likely be for delivery when Chinese and pizza just aren't calling to my tastebuds.  I don't see a reason I'd go out of my way to dine in the restaurant - especially with so many great CenPho choices, I won't go out of my way for mediocrity.
4	"D" took me here last week, gonna make this quickatmosphere was old fashioned mom and pop restarauntwaitress was friendly and quickhe ordered a draft beer and it came in the smallest glass everI ordered the country fried steak dinner, with mashed potatoes and corn on the cob and a trip to the salad bar. Their homemade blue cheese dressing is enough to return to this place for. The country fried steak and mashed potatoes both automatically came with some creamy white gravy on it. When I tasted it,  I could tell it had bacon fat in it, and I dont eat pork, but to be honest, i couldn't stop eating my food, it was sooo good. If you go here I do recommend the country fried steak, but if you don't eat pork, order it wihout gravy.
3	I ordered from 'My Mother's' for the first time today because I was desperate for something other then Chinese food and pizza. In fact I didn't even know they delivered to my workplace until I looked up new places on Yelp (they hadn't been there before...).The gentleman that I spoke to on the phone while giving my order was very helpful and nice. He actually included a little sample of the mixed veggies for me to try to see if I liked them along with my meal. A+ customer service! The delivery guy was also super nice too.The Food Lowdown:I ordered the Pot roast lunch because I was craving something beef-y. The pot roast was tasty but fairly dry. The mashed potatoes were similar in that they were very tasty but without gravy (I don't like gravy) they were also pretty dry.The mixed veggie sampling however was amazing! Perfectly blanched and covered in melted butter. I actually spooned the butter out and put it on my potatoes (YUMMY). I will definitely order these in the future.In fact I'd order from My Mother's again. While things were on the dry side they were tasty and knowing that I can prepare in the future (a side of mixed veggies anyone?). I'm looking forward to trying the turkey dinner soon. (Delivery was reasonable, 9$ minimum and a 2.75$ delivery fee.)
2	Salad bar is good and that's about it.  The meatloaf definitely needed the scant cup of gravy that it came with.  The green beans were without doubt, from a can.  The Irish Potatoes (LMAO) are the little round ones that I like, that also come in a can, but I never saw them served in a restaurant before.  The decor is old and homey, this place could use a restaurant makeover, utilizing part of the current decor,  modernizing it,  EXPANDING THE BAR and DRAFT BEER LIST, and using FRESH INGREDIENTS.   Great central location.  They should take advantage of it and polish up a bit.
5	My Mother's Restaurant.  If you want amazing food, attentive customer service, and old time ambiance, this is the place to be.  From pot roast to lasagna to prime rib, every dish is fantastic.  Whenever my husband and I go here, he likes to order the big grandfather's cut of prime rib.  Grilled.  It's delicious and filling.  Don't forget to buy a pie or freshly baked bread,  to take home.  When we lived in the delivery area, My Mother's Restaurant was our weekly take out meal.  How many places do you know where you can have pizza and prime rib delivered to your door?
2	I had been wanting to try this place since it is near by me. I saw a lot of hit or miss reviews. Well I had a miss. Between my girlfriend and I we ordered the pot roast and father's cut prime rib. The pot roast had a flavor that was unusual, and not in a good way. The prime rib was a nice cut but dry and flavorless. The salad bar is mediocre with basic items that were at least fresh. The steak and vegetable soup also had a strange not good taste I was thoroughly disappointed. The only reason I give this place 2 stars rather than 1 is for the complimentary fresh baked wheat bread. It was pretty good with butter. They also sell the bread by the loaf.
5	Phoenix is big, but so is the reward you'll earn by getting across it to My Mother's. You'll enter a homey-decorated time machine back to when food and drink were generous and scrumptious and service was authentic and personable. In the latter function, look for Teresa, who presented our chicken-themed dinner entrees --- chicken tenders, chicken-fried steak, and chicken-fried chicken --- with ample sassy conversation. And how about that fresh-most salad bar, and the potent margaritas? We were lucky enough to catch Mother herself, on a rare visit from her place of retirement, but once you've visited the place, your return visits won't be rare at all.
4	I had to chime in on My Mother's. I have been going to this place for years and it has always been one of my favorite places for comfort food in the valley. I have to let everyone out there reading some of the other reviews that they serve canned foods, is utterly ridiculous! I know for a fact they make everything from fresh ingredients and make their gravy like Mom or Grandma did. I'd like someone to bring me some canned gravy that has the flavor and consistency that it does here!Now that I'm done ranting, you  must try the turkey dinner! It is the bomb! Make sure you get the cranberry sauce with it. Meatloaf, prime rib, lasagne, are some of my families favs. The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is the fact that they need to bring in a nicer table wine . Other than that leave the decor alone, it really is old phoenix.Pie.........you'll love any of them, whatever you are in the mood for, it will bring a smile to your face!Yum!
5	I've been going to My Mothers since I've been 8 years old. The food here is fantastic and the people are amazing. I love this place.
3	Decent food. The pizza is really cheap and when I got it I realized why it was so cheap not that great. The reason I gave my mommas 3 stars is for there amazing homemade pies if you get a slice its huge looks like half of a pie. Would recommend it for the pie but you can better food around the valley.
5	I've be hearing about this place for a while now, from who else.. my mother. She eats hear every once in awhile with her friends and raves about. Today was my turn. I was her guest and it was great. A very unassuming, cozy place. To start with, we entered from the back which was kind of the kitchen. I mean, there were people preparing food and making pies, so.. I guess that's ok because I liked seeing where my food was going to be made. It was immaculate, by the way.The service was excellent. The Hostess and servers were nice and polite, and anywhere that has it's first dollar taped to the wall along side softball team pictures and giant trophies gets big points with me.My mom had the meatloaf, which she always has, and I had the same. It came with choice of sides. I had irish potatoes,steamed veggies and a salad for starters. Meatloaf was awesome, but go ahead and ask for a to-go container right off the bat.. you won't finish it.I must say, I was quite satisfied with the meal. To top it off, they played "happy birthday" over the PA and brought out a huge wedge of cheese cake, which I haven't eaten yet. They also took my picture and printed it out on photo paper before we left.  All and all, a good birthday meal at a friendly place.  Thanks.
4	Vaguely remembered this place from Yelp when we were looking for a lunch spot after a visit to the Acxupuncturist up the street. We pulled into the lot and by the looks of the outside, there was a bit hesitancy to go in. So, thank you to my friend's smartphone for allowing us to read the yelp reviews and allow us to take a chance on this place. I am happy to say our first visit was a good one. Everyone has said already, it is homey and maybe a bit dated in its decor. However, I don't care for ambiance and classy settings, I care about decent food and friendly service.MMR has both. I had the Hot Turkey lunch special for Thursdays and I have to say  it was huge for a lunch plate and the price was so reasonable. Maybe I am old school, but when you bring me hot bread and butter right after I order, you have already won me over. Then the Turkey Plate came and it was really good, moist and flavorful. The potatoes are not mashed, they are smashed-there are actually potato chunks in there. I was not thrilled with the stuffing because IMO it had too much sage (to the point of overpowering) in it and that was distracting me from what otherwise would have been a very good stuffing. There was also  MORE  BREAD given to me with my meal in the form of a roll. That was good because I needed it to dip in the copious amounts of gravy on the plate. Mia was our server and she was really great. Very attentive, helpful and actually seemed to enjoy serving us. Rare these days. This staff has it together.  We were stuffed and decided to opt-out on dessert and take an APPLE  pie to-go. The pie was still warm when she brought us the box and it traveled well for 3 hours all the way to Marana. My friends boyfriend is  the pie lover and he had two slices after dinner that night and I can say we all loved it. I ate a slice for breakfast the next day. Excellent, excellent  pie. Our two lunches, two beverages and a pie to go was $35, considering the pie was about 1/3 of that, not bad at all. We go to the acupuncturist this Tuesday and I plan on getting more yumminess from MMR.
4	Had lunch at my mothers, no not talking bout my moms place, ha had a sandwich with mac salad. It was okay, have had better sandwiches elsewhere, my homie had some chicken wings, they looked and smelled yummy. Saw the ladies across the way order spaghetti, definitely on my to order list when I make it back to mothers.
4	If you are someone that cooks at home, you might be less impressed with MMR, but even so, there are a few things on their menu that are standouts.The turkey meal is really quite good and I like that you can choose the sides that are to your liking.  The chicken and dumpling soup is thick and creamy (and even a little addictive).  The first time that I saw it as one of the daily offerings, I asked what the server thought it was sort of funny when she told me that people will call about the daily selections and come in when this one is offered... now I am one of those people. During strawberry season, you cannot leave without having a slice of the strawberry pie. It is piled with fresh berries and covered in a mountain of freshly whipped cream.Portions are large, so if you want pie consider taking a slice (1/4 of a pie) home with you.  The crust isn't the most tender, but the flavor is good and they generally have at least six flavors to choose from. Fruit fillings are made from scratch, so you are best off choosing something that is in season.  Hint: if you are going to buy two slices, it is actually just as cheap to get a whole pie.I really do like this place for some of the more exceptional choices, the fact that they have a relatively extensive menu, and that they deliver.Upping their rating to 4 stars.  :)
4	Mother's ....you have become a family favorite and ritual.....sometimes a person just needs to eat without pomp and circumstance.  This is the place to go for that....from the salad bar (a hit with the vegetarian contingency) to the chicken-fried chicken with gravy and mashed potatoes, this place does it right.  The pie is yummy, no matter the flavor.  The place is fairly priced and not the least bit snooty.  Best of all, our waitress is the best!  We always sit in her section and she is a hoot.  I am a big fan of supporting the mom-and-pop's so try these guys out!
5	If you go out for the decor, this is not the place for you.  But if you like good comfort food at a very reasonable price, this is an excellent place for that.  The salad bar was very fresh.  I was a little afraid but when I got there, the lettuce was crisp and all the ingredients were properly kept.  I ordered the pot roast which was awesome.  The wait staff was very friendly.  I am not impressed easily but this place was exceptional.  I would definitely return.  I have eaten in alot of places in Phoenix and have not been moved most of the time, but this place is a great place for someone who love a nice meal and is not watching their weight.  The banana cream pie was awesome.  A pound of pie with fresh cream and fresh banana.
5	this is one of my favorite places to eat.  I've only been in the actual location once but when I was there they brought out fresh loaves of bread that were amazing.  I've ordered delivery from here many times to both my work and my home and the food tastes just as good on delivery as it does when you eat in the store.I love this place, the portions are BIG, the taste is excellent, the staff is friendly and everything on the menu is amazing.  I will eat here as long as they're open!
4	Ordered their special for pizza and 12 spicy wings. I am kinda a wing snob, so I wasn't too impressed as they murdered some baby chicken to get the wings. My gf would have claimed them to be spicy... but she thinks peper is spicy. They also forgot the celery and ranch (oh well, wasn't upset with that). However, the pizza was good, not greasy, thin crust, and really delicious, And for the price, you really can't beat it.. $17 (w/o tip), so there really isnt a fast food pizza joint that could do this. But if you slightly feel hungry, order, it may take awhile. It is worth it! On a funny note, if you pay with card, they do a carbon copy of your card... so its old school, like your mama was running the joint. I'll give them a couple of more tries! Maybe even eat in as they have some homemade meals, which everyone seems to rave about!
5	If you enjoy good, home-cooked food, this is the place to go.  The have wonderful turkey and dressing and meatloaf.  You can order a full meal, a small meal or a sandwich any time of day.  Don't forget the pie!!!  You'll get a quarter of an 8" pie and it just like grandma used to make.  By the way, bring an appetite!  The serving aren't small and the price is right.
4	had not been here in 13 years and it is still great.  fantastic home style cooking.  portions are huge.
5	Wow what can I say this place is clean food is yummy,and the staff are friendly and most welcoming. Well done to all the staff.
5	I love My Mother's! I used to be all about their chicken fried chicken but I have moved on to their turkey pot pies. Both are sooo good.  Oh and their coconut cream pie is delicious! The reason I am writing this review is because I am currently craving a My Mother's turkey pot pie but unfortunately they are closed this late at night. But another plus is that they deliver.  Overall, great place and fantastic food. Highly recommend.
4	Interesting experience tonight for my first time eating here. I tried the prime rib on recommendation from a trusted source. The rib was juicy and tender but a little on the bland side and I was glad the straight horse radish came with it to help season it. Portion size was good, mashed potatoes were real but served with turkey or chicken gravy, I couldn't tell. As for the green beans, they were typical canned and heated variety reminiscent of the old days of Furrs cafeteria. The salad bar was clean and nicely stocked, try the blue cheese dressing, and dinner was served with a warm sweet tear apart dinner roll. Did the meal impress me? Kinda. I would eat here again when looking for a meal to remind me of how my mother used to cook, no pun intended. Good value and good service.
1	I have been coming to Mother's for years. Food is so good and the consistency is perfect. Lately the service has been declining and every time I come here it's a nightmare! The waitresses are irritated by the simplest requests and don't smile. I've been reduced to doing take out and then wait 20 minutes for $14 cold prime rib! I think they have lost a lifelong customer!
4	People have really caught on to this little place.  A bunch of us had a very low-key Turkey-day dinner there this year.  As usual, the turkey dinner is spot on with tender turkey, great spuds, and really delicious gravy.  The pumpkin pie MAY have been  the best piece I've ever had.  The only thing keeping this from 5 stars is the dressing...it could be better but that's a minor quibble.
2	this place is falling apart...outdated
1	I gave this restaurant several chances. Each time, they failed miserably. The last straw was when they sent me some cold, chopped up bananas on a stale pie crust and tried to pass it off as banana CREAM pie! WTF?!
4	After all of these years, it is still a great restaurant. For around $10 you can get the best turkey and stuffing in town as well as a nice little salad bar! This restaurant's name suits it perfectly. If you want some home cooking/comfort food for a decent price this is the place to go. For me it is like Thanksgiving year round. What more can you ask for?
4	I used to see this place all the time across the street from my bus stop when I would take the bus north to work.  When I switched jobs, a co-worker made mention of this place.  Years later, after finding myself in a "What do I want for lunch, Yelp?" moment, I decided now was the time to check this place out.  And it was totally worth the wait.I got take-out at this place, since I was taking it to my boyfriend for his lunch break.  I ordered ahead, and was met with a super friendly staff once I got there.  The place looks a lot like Americana Grandma's kitchen--wooden walls, floral patters, silk flowers.  The place has no windows so it was kind of dim, and all of the reviews and awards in the front were circa 1990's.  The TV in the bar area was an old CRT set which, while I was there, was being replaced with a bigger CRT set.  "Oh, is that the new TV?  ...Well, new to US, anyway," one of the girls said.  I laughed.  There also seemed to be nice, harmonic teamwork among the staff which made the wait feel a little more pleasant.The portion sizes were amazing for the price.  I ordered a the freshly carved turkey and meatloaf lunches, and they're pretty much the dinner sizes just sans an extra side.  You will eat good and probably have left overs with just that alone.  I had ordered two slices of pie and drinks the (ounce) size of Polar Pops as well, and the cashier told me ordering a certain amount had earned one of the pies for free.Now, I've had better in other places, but I have a feeling the food is purposely bland and not overwhelming for the customers that seem to go there (older population).  But if you want a good meal that has all the feeling of going to your mom's house, this is the place.  Much better than "home-cooked styled" places like Boston Market, and for a price that won't drive you into debt.
2	Finally made it back to My Mother's here, this time joined by Jackie C. & Mike C.The two dining rooms here are cozy and comfortable, and the menu plan isn't great but it's passable.  We all three ordered burgers this time, mine with potato salad and both of theirs came with fries.  All the food was ok but the service was very slow, for one thing.  We arrived to a nearly empty restaurant just a little while after opening time (way before noon), yet were warned by our server that our burgers would take about 20 minutes, and they did take at least that long.  (She brought us out some warm bread to hold us over, but that wasn't what we wanted to eat, especially along with hamburgers!)When the burgers finally arrived, two of them weren't made as ordered and the (different) staffer that served us didn't have any idea which one was to go to whom either.  Service after that wasn't good either.  I had to flag down someone to ask for some more napkins and also later for our checks (which also were wrong) when it was time to go.Lunch pricing generally over $10 if you get either a beverage or their Salad Bar (only one trip allowed, with a tiny saucer).I suspect this will be my last visit to see Mother.     :-|
5	I have never tasted such wonderful food in my life.  The name speaks for itself.  Just like my mother used to make.  I am very much deeply grateful to have such a wonderful restaurant so close to my home.  Fantastic, hearty and delicious comfort food, good prices, friendly, professional telephone staff and fast delivery.
4	Clam chowder is good.  1/2 chicken meal is huge.  All portions are large.  Second time here.  Fish dinner is excellent.
5	Love this place. The service, food and salad bar are excellent. Great desserts too. Only downfall is the parking so carpool if in a group.
4	mothers gets bonus points for delivery. nothing like having home cooking delivered to your home.  All the staple foods are good.  the chicken dinner the turkey. the sandwiches are also good.  Like the pies as well.  I did order a pizza once and it was not that great. but its not their specialty.  that is the only thing i really didnt like. if you stick with the staple items you cant go wrong.one thing i dont understand...why no breakfast? i would love a roast turkey omelette. i would think this place would be packed for breakfast.
5	The chicken fried chicken is great and so is the open faced turkey sandwich. They give large portions, and the ranch at the salad bar is one of the best I've tasted... I specifically come back for the open face turkey, chicken fried chicken, and ranch at the salad bar...
5	One food will make you wow= mashed potato.If you find any place that have better mashed potato than this place let me know:)But for now this is the best place to get mashed potato.There turkey is like heaven!!! On top of the juicy flavored meat, its topped with gravy. The chicken here also ruins alot of the chicken i have tasted for a long time. :) Cozy place. Something that whole family can just chill and relax.Okay but theres more!! Not only the food are tasty, they are also HUGE! Their sandwich can feed 2 persom their pies (ONE slice) can feed 3 person, no joke. I cant believe after taking home 3 boxes full of home made bread, half of each our orders we only paid 30 @_@ with a freaking tip!! Woaaaaahhhh!!!If you dont believe me, go try it. Then you can thank me for making you believe.
5	From California we came across this restaurant on yelp. So glad we did huge portions, delicious & great prices! Loved the atmosphere I would definitely recommend this for comfort food. Ordered: open face turkey mashed potatoes                 Chicken fried chicken (both were so good)
5	I have been eating at this restaurant for over 15 years and I order delivery from here all the time and they never disappoint!
1	The first time we had My Mother's Restaurant was months ago. My husband and I were feeling homesick, and being from Illinois we got excited when we saw that My Mother's Restaurant had deep dish "Chicago Style." It was such a lie and a huge let down. The pizza was not deep dish,  it was not "Chicago Style," rather it was thick crust. It was so thick that we could not taste the topping, just the crust. ---------------------Last night we decided to give this place another try since our favorite pizza restaurant was closed. After being on hold for almost 10 minutes right off the get go (which was no big deal since they were busy), my husband finally got to talk to someone. He had to repeat the pizza topping order twice, and the buffalo wings four times. They told us 35-45 mins since they were busy. When the delivery finally came, we were starving and I was really looking forward to their wings (I had been craving buffalo wings for weeks now).  The pizza was okay, the topping were correct but the dough was a little on the dry side. Now for the wings I had been craving, that came with a side of ranch and celery. They sent us the wrong one. They sent BBQ, and not the buffalo that we wanted, even after my husband repeated himself four times. I've heard that their other food is great but after last night's dinner being such a failure, we will never be ordering from this restaurant again. We've been disappointed with them twice now. We like to support local restaurants, we won't be supporting this one.
4	we were looking for a fairly close, not to expensive, good food place..tired of the same o same places. So we looked this up and gave it a try. It is a step into the westside.The restaurant 's ambiance is out of the past, but it was clean and the service was good. I ordered a turkey pot pie with one trip to the salad bar. my partner ordered the half roasted chicken dinner. Bread came to the table first. God..it was fresh and tasty..really home made. The food arrived promptly . Their was enough food to feed four people. The Turkey pot pie was huge . I actually had large chunks of white meat turkey, potatoes, carrots, a few peas (thank god) It was hot. The crust was good .Only criticism would be that it was a bit dry and the crust could have been more flaky like a pie crust. The chicken was perfect...dressing was like thanksgiving. veggies all good.added coconut cream pie ..one piece...it was ok..a bit dense and the crust was not flaky. All this with tea was 27 bucks. A good meal at a fair price. the pot pie madeDUCE and ESSENCE pot pies look and taste like crap. hats off to this place. If you are hungry and with limited funds....this is a great place.by the way...the salad bar was clean and the lettuce was fresh and not limmpy...good things to put on the salad.impressive for the price. will go back.
4	People at the table across the aisle looked at me strangely as I thanked the turkey in my sandwich for its sacrifice to be my lunch.  The sandwich was so big, I may have thanked two turkeys.  Then I thought of the server, cook, delivery truck driver, Guatemalans, Mexicans or Africans who led my bird to slaughter, or made sure it was fed and watered to perfection, plus the turkey farmer whose smarts, drive, energy and business acumen put the bird on my table.  I did a lot of thinking.  Then consumed that large cold turkey sandwich on excellent wheat bread while sharing delicious, hot french fries with Sweet D.  It's been a long time since we've eaten at My Mothers.  This old place is kept clean, the salad bar fresh, and the menu a lot of traditional meat, potato and pasta dishes.  We'll return, much sooner the next time.
4	This place has a cozy atmosphere with your favorite American comfort foods. I have been here several times. The chicken fried steak, the meatloaf, and rotisserie chicken are all  good quality meats and prepared well. The blue cheese dressing at the salad bar is the best I have had in Phoenix. The downside....you'll want to get back on your diet soon after.
3	The food is mediocre at best. Reminded me of Furr's Cafeteria. Remember that place? The atmosphere was dark, dusty and down right creepy. Like grandma's attic.But the pie. Oh, the pie. Chocolate peanut butter pie is to die for. The slice is as big as my head.
4	I have no idea how the meals at My Mother's taste.  I've only been there for dessert.So this review is for the pies.  There are no less than ten pie flavors available daily.  And when you ask for a slice, be prepared for a hunk of pie.  By hunk I mean a quarter of a pie.  Now if you can remember how to do fractions, a quarter means that something has been divided into four parts.  Okay, by now you're probably thinking, "Well the diameter of the pie must be small."Oh snap!  You hit me with the geometry.I don't know the diameter of their pies, okay, because by the time I think about the measurements of the slice (just to gauge how much I've actually eaten) it's already in my stomach.  Let's just agree that it's a big slice.  Prices are decent for the amount you get, and they taste like homemade goodness.
1	I don't know about you, but this is not MY mother's restaurant! Gaaaak! Something told me, even after looking at Yelp, don't do it!!! I didn't listen . The pictures on Yelp were my first warning...that is... not fresh, frozen, cardboard junk, top with gravies and sauces so you can't taste anything. I gave them a star because they delivered, that's it. Need more, Well I called in for the prime rib dinner, pot pie, mother's pizza, and a slice of apple pie (which they threw in another slice for free), Well that's nice you may think: Until you taste the pie,  and then you realize the dough was raw (at the edge). And if that's what fresh apple pie tastes like, then I'd rather chew on expired canned apple pie filling. On the phone the man said yes our pizza dough is fresh, not frozen, bologna!  You member the frozen Tony's pizza that you used to eat as a kid?, well that is a hundred times better than this pizza ! I won't be back....EVER!!!
4	Say what you will about the decor and location; the food is great!  It is a neighborhood institution!My all-time favorite is the roasted turkey dinner. My family and I came here on Thanksgiving Day several years ago, and it was better - WAY better - than my own mother's cooking. Mashed potatoes are homemade, creamy and flavorful.  Green beans are fresh, and as the other reviews state, the pies are terrific. Chocolate cream - yes please!  My sister loves the turkey pot pie, which is also delicious!Staff are friendly, and have, on more than one occasion, accommodated my request to be seated in the back dining room so my hearing-impaired mother, could enjoy a little more quiet atmosphere. Only suggestion I have is for a little update to the decor. It is overdue, and would be a good investment.
5	Delicious, generous portions, and reasonable.  Lots of classics like fresh carved turkey, spare ribs, meat loaf; delicious salmon, too.  Servers are A+, and so is the pie...each piece is a whole pound.  (Ask them to warm it in the pizza oven)
5	Went out in the limb and decided to try these guys out! The decor is a lil dated but it adds to the experience . Went with a party of 6 and went a little late and didn't feel rushed to get out of there. Our waitress made the experience a lot better she was a blast I would go back to have her wait in us again make sure u guys ask for Theresa  OMG was she great
5	I was craving pie on 12-8-14 and the only place close to me was My Mothers Restaurant. I wasn't thrilled, but i sure the hell was not gonna go to Coco's or Village Inn. So off to "Mother's" I went. I already knew I wanted it to go, so I did not stay for the full service or the ambiance of the place. My friend that came with me ordered the Apple Pie, and I wanted the Pumpkin pie but I'm a self proclaimed pumpkin pie snob,so I was leery of ordering it. After all,I was there ordering pie to go, I didn't want to get home and be disappointed so I ordered the coconut cream pie. Then I said to hell with it and also ordered the pumpkin pie...I figured my coconut pie will be my fall back when I throw the pumpkin pie in the trash and yell at myself for ever ordering two slices of pies. I asked "Trudy" the young lady helping us to put whip cream all over the pumpkin pie... For me, that's the only way to eat it, and man she didn't hold back, it was the perfect amount. As I got home I could wait for my taste test,even though I already had made my mind up it tasted horrible before I even tried it. So the moment of truth was in front of me as I'm starring at this slice of pie, which by the way is a quarter of the pie. The slices are huge!! I grabbed my fork and dug in. I first looked at the consistency of the filling, it looked really good, not over cooked and was actually made with real ingredients. The crust was thick,buttery and flaky completely home made. As I opened my mouth and placed this bite of pie onto my pallet I knew this was not the ordinary restaurant type of pie.. this was actually a homemade pie that someones mom,dad,aunt,grandma,sister etc actually made. The spices were just perfect for me, and it actually reminded me of my mom's pumpkin pie. I ate the entire slice, then yelled at myself when I realized I have a huge slice of coconut pie starring at me!! This is the only place I have ever found that has legit pumpkin pie...Costco's pumpkin pie is crap,Village Inn pie is crap, Coco's pies are crap compared to this. Now it could be a fluke and I might have gotten the head chefs pie I don't know, but I will be back to see trudy again and have her slop on a huge heaping of whipped cream on my pumpkin pie. And a side note, my friend like her apple pie a lot. I did have a taste and it was very flavorful with big apple slices.  Now,I'm off to try this coconut pie. I gave it 5stars on pie rating only... not for anything else.
3	Dinner here with family members. Large, varied menu. Heather was our server. She was pleasant and efficient. I had the ribs and salad  bar. Salad bar had a good selection of veggies and dressings. Ribs were OK but not stellar. Mashed potatoes were real and gravy was tasty.. I want to try the chicken fried chicken sometime. My sister had the blt and it was loaded with bacon.
4	I get lazy and like home delivery. I don't know of any other restaurant in my area where I can get full meals plus pie delivered. We have patronized My Mother's for years.  My friend loves their grilled fish. Another friend remarked "Man, these people know how to cook!" Yet another friend loves their pumpkin pie. My favorite is the turkey dinner and banana cream pie. As far as I know this place is a  Mom and Pop business which I like to support.
