4	Love this shop. Owner is sort of clingy and chatty which makes you scared to touch anything for fear you have to LOVE it. But, the clothing is wonderful and priced moderately and not something you see everywhere else. Need to figure out owners day off!
1	Think Twice before shopping here!!! I was leary of ordering a Mother of the Bride dress from a catalog from a store with a no return policy, so the owner, Todd, agreed to let me get a full refund if I didn't like the dress. Thank goodness I got it in writing. I ordered the dress in purple and size Y, it arrived in gray and size Z. Todd tried to tell me I ordered that size and color, but "agreed" to reorder it. I went back a week later to find a dress in purple, but the wrong size and wrong STYLE. Todd tried to tell me I AGREED to change the style when my original selection wasn't available and I told him NO WAY would I have picked that style!!! I asked for my refund, and he started to pontificate on my errors. When I husband stepped in and said just give us the refund, Todd got very agitated and raised his voice, telling my husband it was HIS store and HE would speak if he wanted to. He then proceeded to lecture me in a condesending way about how I "forgot" our conversation. I finally asked if he was finished speaking so I could get my refund and leave. Had he simply told the truth when the first dress came in wrong and allowed ME to pick another one, he may have gotten the sale. As of now, he has lost a future customer, no matter how nice their clothes are.
3	Scarlett's is the place you take your hip grandmom who's bored with (or a little too big for) Chico's. Well-made, colorful, slightly bohemian stuff with conservative silhouettes and cuts. This is the place to find an awesome suit for your charity's annual scholarship luncheon. This is NOT the place to find that hot dress to snag Mr. Right Now.Prices aren't expensive but neither are they cheap; expect to drop around $75 for separates and more for suits or dresses. I am in looove with a newsprint dress that is an unfortunate $200; out of my range for a daydress. But what a dress! Todd (the owner) is chatty, less so Linda, the saleswoman. I like the Dress Your Figure workshops they hold every month, and they give you a 15% discount if you attend.
1	This shop is as overpriced as the owner's ego is inflated. Women would do much better to cross the street to South Park Mall and shop at Belk, Dillards, or Nordstrom. But if you do shop here, take a bet on how long it takes Todd to tell you "it's very flattering, it hits you at your narrowest part".
2	I had a wedding dress custom-made at Scarlett Boutique.  I never finished designing it because the wedding, unfortunately, was called off.  I paid over $600 for the dress with Italian fabrics and special, glittery details etc.  Since the wedding was not happening and the dress was paid for, Todd said he would finish making the dress, refund me $300 of the $600 and he would try to sell the dress in his store.  Months later, it never sold.  Todd said he could not give me the $300 he promised.  So I asked Todd to mail me the finished dress (of which I had not seen yet) and I told him I would try to sell it myself.  When the dress arrived, to my dismay, the dress was not finished - at least not with the details that I paid for.  It does not look like a $600+ dress at all :-(  and it has a few stains on it!  This sad situation was made worse.....
