4	I really like cafe campus, it has a laid-back, casual (almost grungy) vibe to it. Whenever I'm in Montreal I try to make a stop here just for tradition's sake. I will agree though, that the crowd is really young and there is alot of  fighting that goes on. Cover is usually $3-5 which is awesome
4	I wasn't really sure about this place when I read what others were saying about it.  It didn't really sound like my type of place.  But this is where the conference was having their 'after-party' and so I went along without high expectations.  It was really quite a good time!  It does have a bit of a gungy vibe to it, but that fit it well.  It is a nice venue but since most of the other people there at the time were conference attendees I can't speak to the usual clientele of the place.  I did notice on the way out that the queue was mostly younger but I could stand that as the venue is nice and cover is relatively cheap.  Drink prices were relatively cheap as well so you can get well tipsy without breaking the bank.
3	If you feel like dancing to all the generic hits of the decades you've heard a million times this is the spot! I know it sounds mean but it's not, sometimes that's exactly what you want to do.GOOD FOR DANCING! The floor gets busy and everyone seems to be enjoying themselves. Not so good for talking and lounging. Limited sitting space, no outside patio for smoking/drinking. Worth taking a look :)
4	Campus has a couple different floors with different stages of different sizes, all with totally different vibes depending on the night. Like lots of great places in Quebec Campus is run as a coop - ie; it's co-owned by the staff and all members and it's run with a decidedly community-oriented vibe, participating in most festivals that happen in this fest-craaazy town. The decor is kind of black box industrial, not in an aggressive way, just in a way that allows it to be a blank slate for whatever is going on. I've seen exceptional singer-songwriters here, British girl groups, press conferences and massive variety shows. Anything goes, including straight up dance party. Check what's on the schedule and if something strikes your fancy don't hesitate to support this rad local institution.
4	First time at this venue.  Great place to see a small band, great seating arrangements so everyone can see.
2	I'm a sucker for decades music so, on a quiet Tuesday night, I decided to spice some things up. Not being from Montreal ( my friend and I are coming from Vancouver) we like to ask the locals on their opinions of certain places. Cafe campus had very mixed reviews so I decided to check it out for my self. And it was quite the experience to say the least. Upon our arrival, the kids in the line ( notice how I don't say people) look way too young to be out at that time ( okay it was only 11). But anyways, cover was only 2 dollars because we got there before 11. Walking in we were bombarded with suffocating smoke and extremely drunk girls. Again, of which whom looked too young and innocent. It almost seemed like they were presented with alcohol for the first time. SUPER cheap drinks, I'm talking 5 dollars for a pitcher, but absolutely shitty service. I usually tip at the end of the night, but the bartender said, and I quote " you need to tip here when you get a drink". I laughed ad gave her a much better tip then she deserved. The people were VERY young, or maybe just acted very young, and the guys were there on a mission. My friend and i got two pitchers so we were forced to stay there longer then we had liked. But I digress, go to cafe campus with a big group of friends if you like to get plastered and dance (you would need to be super drunk to have fun) and don't mind dirty whispers from complete strangers, but if you're looking for more of a mature and relaxed setting STAY AWAY.
3	I often go there on Tuesday where the pitcher is at 5$. It's certainly not a top notch place, but for what you're paying it's all right. You mostly have the international students from France going to this place... I have to say it's not very classy, I've seen some pretty odd things there, but it's a good place to go to with your friends to drink and have a good time. I always have a good story to tell. For the music... ehh it could and should be better... Basically, you want to go there for the cheap beer.
1	I would give this place 0 stars if possible for their serious professional misconduct...I had a glass bottle thrown at me for having enough money to tip enough for their expected amounts! Completely unacceptable behaviour from a frankly appaullingly mannered barmaid! This bar was poor in every sense of the meaning! Bad decor, untidy toilets and extremely bad service i.e. assault if you do not tip to their standards! Off the record - in my opinion this employee should be fired as she clearly misunderstands the meaning of a TIP!!! and is willing to throw bottles at customers in order to enhance her hourly wage.0 stars! Do not visit this place -  the dj is poor, the venue is less than poor and the service is atrocious.
4	This review is based on attending the Impro Musicale event which happens on the first Thursday night of each month, http://limm.ca/My first impression: a LOT of stairs. If you're a sweet young thing looking to dance the night away, not a problem. But if you have a physical disability, good luck. There are railings for all except the outside stairs.My second impression: a friendly crowd. There were lots of student-aged folks but enough older people (we are in our late 30s) that we didn't stand out. It was a "have a beer or two" vibe.My third impression: a smoothly-run event. The event started on time, moved quickly between elements, and had great participation from the audience. The LIMM sets up a battle between two bands, improvising within a set style with certain constraints to tell a story, much like improv sketch comedy. The audience votes for the winner of each improvisation and has the chance to contribute ideas.And FUN! It was so much fun. The musicians had a lot of talent and imagination. If you like music in any way, you will have a blast.
4	Cafe Campus is a student club, and a crazy one at that. I like this place because it's down to earth - drinks are cheap, people are chill. Yup, it's all good here.Ever so often, local artists will be performing on a separate stage floor behind a random door in the staircase. No surprise, it's chill here too.
4	This is kinda an odd shaped venue. It was a pretty crowded event on 4/20/14 so i stood in the back near the bar and could only see like half of the stage. If it's a band you really like, I would suggest fighting to get up close. Other than that, it was a good time. Easy to find and friendly people!!
3	Young crowd, mostly freshman/sophomore in college and then of course the random older "dudes" that infest a club with a cheap cover. The layout is interested, for there is a small dance floor but platforms to climb up and dance on. The lighting is cool and electric, and the smokiness that envelopes the dance floor is really fun! But i can't say my experience was any better than any other average club in this area. Side note though, if you're a girl perhaps looking for a fun girls night out or to not get groped and touched while on the dance floor by older men that don't respect your space then don't go here! But if you're up for that, then you do you!
