2	This is an older Sheraton that is "nestled" between a major highway and a large mall. Not an optimum location.My room had that not to clean feel to it. It was fine but it gave me the "skeeves" as my mom used to say. The AC unit was beat and sounded like it was on its last legs. Oh, and the TV had a great selection of channels but there was no guide. Big fun scrolling through 25 channels to find CNN. Bar restaurant was fine, service very good, and they had a good selection of draft beer. I was happy to see that they had Keith's Red Ale! In the AM I stopped by their club lounge on my way to the gym for a coffee. The lounge was closed! When I asked at the front desk why it was closed the young woman answered "the girl who works there is on holiday." Really!? Good for them they gave me a voucher for breakfast. Bad for them they charged me $1.50 because I had scrambled eggs and the voucher was only good for a continental breakfast.Their fitness center was very well equipped and the pool looked pretty nice as well.Checkout: Only one girl working the front desk and she is busy on the phone. After a few minutes I realize she is on a personal call. Another couple of minutes pass and she has yet to acknowledge I'm standing there. I finally interrupted her and asked if someone else could assist me. She yells for someone in the backroom to come out to help.  The negatives outweigh the positives by a wide margin and the checkout experience and nickel and diming me for a scoop of eggs is bad form. Next visit: hello Marriott
4	Checked in at the Sheraton Laval during another business trip and found my stay to be quite comfortable. The rooms are spacious and clean, beds are comfortable and service was friendly and courteous.There were always at least two staff members behind the front desk during my stay who were willing to help and made sure you were attended to in a timely manner. Our group met for breakfast in the hotel restaurant every morning, where there was always fresh fruit, eggs, pancakes, toast and anything else you desired.The venue for our meeting had everything we required and the catering was superb, many of the dishes quite representative of the Montreal area, I was told.There is a spa located just outside the hotel's main doors and the Carrefour Laval mall is just a hop and skip away as well. It's a bit of a drive into the city but not a bad location altogether.
3	I didn't sleep here, but I attended an event here and intereacted with staff and priced out lodging.The location SUCKS unless you're in Montreal for the mall and a view to two highways.  (Or just stopping for a night's sleep bfore driving on one of those highways.)Also, I didn't find the prices to be competitive either when pricing for my stay and we wound up sleeping somewhere nicer and in a better location and just came here for the event.But the event staff is good and the staff is very friendly.   The bathrooms are also exceptionally clean.
4	Was in Laval for a friend's wedding and stayed at the Sheraton Laval - SPG points!! :)Great location - easily accessible to the highways. There is a giant mall right next door across the parking lot. The staff at the hotel were so friendly in helping us figure our hair appointments at a salon at the mall. The rooms are nice and modern but not much a view as it is right by the highway and the mall. Room service is reasonably priced. The staff is very friendly and helped us with early check in as well.Next time in Laval - highly recommended!
4	I love sheratons, so it's not a surprise that I loved this hotel. Their pillows changed my life.But this one specifically- I stayed two nights. The first one I got in really late and the close location by the airport was really convenient. The second night I had an early airport departure and again, it was nice. If you want the view and the surroundings of Montreal, this isn't the hotel for you, but if airport convenience is a priority (like it was for me) this is a great choice.It was clean and service was excellent. I was on a Starwood Preferred floor, and my room was big and comfortable, with a really great shower. I also got two great deals- my second night was unexpected so I booked the two nights separately. First through Air Canada/ Aeroplan Staff were helpful and quick! I forgot a toothbrush and toothpaste and they provided to me for two days without issue. When I go back to Montreal, this is where I'll stay!
5	Excellent place! Excellent service!
5	Montreal at the Sheraton. In our visit to Montreal Canada, we stay at the Sheraton in Laval,  just 20 min outside Montreal because we did Not wanted to have problems with the Big traffic jams  of the city and it work out really great the hotel is situated right of a highway and next to a big Mall (mall of Laval) and also surrounded by restaurants and bars making this a lot more entertaining that we expected, we arrive to the hotel at 6:30 pm our room was very comfortable (king-size bed) and very clean, the first night we decide to a avoid the city and we stay local, being the party animals that we are, we opted to go and check out their movie theater near the hotel ( the mausoleum ) I will let you know in my review to the theater later. Any way the Sheraton Laval definitely was a good choice to stay in inexpensive and very nice and clean their employees were very polite and friendly, ps. I almost forget to mention a very important part of this trip is that most of the people here spoke French it's their main language and English it's their second language.
