3	This almost doesn't seem fair as I know they just recently moved into the new location, but although the neighborhood is a little better, not much has changed in my mind.  The store front is super tiny and cluttered with boxes and unpacked decorations.  The building was extremely warm and when asked if they would adjust the temperature, I was told "The thermostat was hard to reach." I will also give them some slack as they are now expanding into the empty storefront next to them.  As their theater only sits 40 they will be doubling it to at least 80 and more room for the stage they told us.  The sound and video system was still average, but I will say they have a good crowd that shows up every time I've been there.I know I will be back, so I hope next time I can up the star rating, but as of right now 3 is as high as I can go.
5	Ok here goes my way-biased review.The Sci-fi center has been around a while, and this is the (third? fourth?) time it has moved, so see previous reviews also.They have JUST MOVED so, things are open and functioning, just pardon the dust. They sell comics, action figures, and movie paraphernalia, as well as have nightly showings of classic, b-rated, or cult movies, with a main focus of live action/ shadowcast ROCKY HORROR and some other shows.Let me know if I missed anything!
5	I have followed the changing spaces of the Sci-Fi Center and am glad to see the constant improvement . In a town where everything is new and newer and history is something to be torn down and forgotten by the next big thing I want thank the Sci-Fi Center. The S.F.C. was providing a space to watch classic sci fi movies and holding movie marathons when it was close to impossible to enjoy these events in Las Vegas. The S.F.C. is not sharp and shiny, it is not slick and overly ornate. What it is, is what a independent film house/comic shop should be, a geeky, gritty, audience driven  local home to all fans of sci-fi, horror, animation and fantasy.
5	Ladies and gents, I present to you The Sci Fi Center, brought to you by the legend himself, the one and only William Powell! Will it be a 70s neo-noir german sexploitation sci-fi double feature, or an acoustic silent burlesque in the dark? There's only one way to find out! Also comic books and a better location.
4	Finally found the time to stop by this place after spotting they were having a Dr Who Classic night. Going in gives you the impression you are hanging out in some friend's geek'd out basement;: stuff here and there, different genres and a place to just hang out and talk. Right off the bat I found an old collectible book I had to have. They have comics, magazines, toys, videos and other things for sale. They also have a viewing room where they screen movies and episodes scl fi and more. They even sell popcorn and drinks at reasonable prices. What struck me is how easily you got drawn into conversations with people you don't even know.  I see this as it's greatest asset because I can easily see spending an afternoon there just chatting and meeting others. I think they should consider selling coffees and more snacks to generate more bucks from people like me, cause I think I'll be a regular.
5	As a venue and a place to meet like minded fans, this place rocks.  Check out their extensive schedule of events and shows.  They are constantly adding new and interesting stuff, so only going once might leave you missing out.
5	Spent many years in what I call my second home. Its a fun packed place with several venues going on. You love comics? You love collectibles? Movies, plays, just plain fun stuff, or games?? This is the affordable place to be. You can see first show movies and talk to the stars and directors. There is so much going on there. Check out this link:https://www.facebook.com/events/1402501750031318/?ref=notif&notif_t=plan_user_invited Need something to do soon? This is the place to be if you feel the need to Geek out!!!
5	HIdden little gem! Nothing fancy, just great staff, a police box, and a sweet little black box. A few gals and I caught a play, Bitch of the Baskervilles (which was hilarious). I will definitely check out future events. Hello people, free Game of Thrones viewing every week! What's not to love? Can't wait until they get  more merch on the floor - more figurines, please! Oh, and I will definitely make a date to catch RHPS one of these days.
3	Under construction when I visited. Small storefront with a modest selection of comic graphic novels and action figures. Also a selection of Fangoria and similar magazines. Kinda dismal vibe but that could be the construction. They also sold some snacks and drinks.
4	If you love to support local companies this is the place to support. We love the movies and shadow cast. Got our virginity taken at rocky horror show. Here you will see things you never thought possible.
