3	I just recently replaced all four of the toner cartridges in my color laser printer. I know better than to have bought the new replacement cartridges at Staples or any other retail store, since they can be found for much cheaper on-line. But I had been staring at the empty toner cartridges for weeks, not knowing what to do with these carcasses. I guess in the past, if I had ever bought name-brand toner, the company (HP or whoever) includes a postage-paid box to ship them back in for recycling. These no-name toner cartridges didn't come with such frills.But no worry, thanks to Staples! I found that Staples will take up to ten spent toner cartridges a month off of your hands, and pay you for them! So, with my stack of toner boxes, I brought them into Staples, signed up for their freebie membership card and was assured that I will receive a check in the mail for $3 per toner cartridge. I felt great that I didn't have to throw away something that I know was recyclable and I get some money back to boot.Thanks Staples!
4	They looked at my computer for freeeee
1	Monday morning, 9am: I came to recycle a toner cartridge and buy a custom rubber stamp. The sales associate in printing standard reply was "I don't know" to virtually all of my questions. No help at all - I gave up. I had to use the men's room and it had a filthy toilet, urinal that was near overflowed, broken faucet handle, paper towel and toilet paper rolls sitting on top of things instead of in the dispensers and a dead cockroach to top it off. I don't need to come back to this store. The manager needs to take a little pride!
4	I just stopped by (this store) to pick up a print order.  Left with nothing - again, I guess it wasn't meant to be... Anyway this review is about Jeff (an employee) and the terrific service I received on a previous visit.  Staples emails coupons on a regular basis.  I went to the store to buy an item with a 30% off coupon, but of course left the coupon at home.  (I was not going back home to get it! )  I went to the check-out line prepared to pay full price and Jeff pulls out the same coupon and gives me the discount!  Let's hear it for Jeff!!
3	It's Staples.  What can I say?  Office supplies, mostly.  And school supplies.  They have a decent range of products.  Nothing really that special.  I do like that they will give you a store credit for recycling ink cartridges.  That's pretty cool.  Staff is reasonably friendly and helpful.  A good place to pick up basic supplies.  I've never bought a "big ticket" item from them, so can't comment on those (e.g. office furniture, printers, laptops, etc).
1	For this review I would give NO stars if I could.I purchsed an office chair about 1 year or so ago and bought the extended warrantee.The chair broke so I filed a claim.I have been without an office chair since June 9th now because they run you through all sorts of hoops to get your money back to buy a new chair.Tomorrow will be one month and they just barely emailed me that they will issue the refund SOON!!! SERIOUSLY?!?!?!Shame on the warrantee company, shame on Staples for PUSHING the warrantee on you, and SHAME on staples for using such a lousy service.
1	Worst customer service I've had at a tech store.  Buy a $60 hard drive replacement for a laptop that they're supposed to have put Windows 7 onto. It has been over half a year and ive receaved one single phone call to confirm that the OS is what we wanted. Now, they can't find it, we "didn't buy it", we were sent a "letter of abandonment". So much for their pledge to "set up your technology, keep it running and never let you down." This is pathetic and I just want to pick up the hard drive with or without the OS
