5	We wanted to try something different in Montreal so we booked a table at the Khyber Pass. Not having tried Afghani food before we were a little apprehensive. The restaurant is small and booking is essential but the ambiance is wonderful. The food was probably one of the best meals we have ever had. The soup was incredible, and the kebabs and lamb were tender, flavorsome and not overly spiced. If you like your meat to taste like meat then this is the place. Oh, if we could only eat there every day!!
5	Soo soo good. What brought us to this establishment is their outside decor and what a good decision we made. In the back there is outdoor seating and inside is very cozy and homey. This is the first time trying Afghani food and it was very good. Most of their menu consist of kebab and lamb. Both my girlfriend and I had two different varieties of lamb. Mine was a leg of lamb which fell right off of the bone and my girlfriend had lamb in sauce which came with 3 different types of rice. Very good Just some advise get here about 30min before they close at 10p because we were not able to order the combo deals because either they did not have what we wanted or 2 the chefs wanted to leave so they did not make it for us. Even because of that I still give this place 5 stars because the service was good and even though they did not give us what we wanted they gave us an additional 15% off the bill. One last thing, the prices here are very accommodating and will not take a lot from your wallet but add a lot to your stomach.
3	Food was good, prices were ok, more like $$$ instead of $$. Had a problem with paying though, they only take Visa and some Canaiden card. I've never been to a place anywhere in the world that took visa and not MasterCard, very disappointing.
5	I'm very familiar with Afghani food.  In Boston area, we had 2 Afghani restaurants, and one of them, Helmands, is owned by Hamid Karzai's brother, and it's located in Cambridge, MA.  However, my date (who's from Boston area as well) and I both enjoyed KP more than Helmands in Cambridge, MA.We went to KP on a vacation to Montreal with a group of 4 others, and we sat in the corner close by some props, which included an old rifle, a mannequin with a hat, etc.  Our server was named Mobeen, and he was so nice, professional, proud, outgoing, and he made our evening come alive!He gave me tons of respect because I have tons of respect for Afghani people as well, and we cracked jokes.  He had us pose with the gun as a prop, and our hostess pretended that she was holding us hostage in one photo.  In another, she wore the mannequins vest and Muslim hat.  Mobeen, if you read this, I hope that you're always blessed and happy in life.
4	This was an impulse decision, andd we were lucky enough to get in without any reservations.We brought our own wine.  The food and the ambiance were great - it was my first experience with Afghan food and I am quite impressed.  Our server was pleasant and helpful, giving recommendations and explanations where needed. I plan to go back!.
4	I've had comparably delicious and authentic Afghan food on the South Shore for much less, but then their atmosphere, ambiance and location can't come close to Khyber pass, whose interior decor and summer patio are a delight. Service is always attentive and the food spiced wonderfully, the different courses blending melodiously together.
4	Excellent Afghan food. There pasta with ground meat, which are like ravioli, are delicious. I highly recommend it. My wife's chicken dish with basmanti rice with raisins was pretty yummy too. I was also impressed with how fast the food came out. It was like fast food speed, but high quality food.
4	As someone who isn't vegetarian, but eats a lot of vegetarian food and doesn't crave meat I was DELIGHTED to find this place. First of all, who would expect to find Afghan food in Quebcoise country? Here's why I was recommend you try this place.Amazing Location: We sort of stumbled upon it as we were exploring the Plateau neighbourhood (possibly my favorite part of the city). If you're a tourist (like we were), I definitely recommend going up to Mount Royal to get an eagle eye view of the city, then walking around the Plateau neighbourhood. There are a ton of really cute restaurants, bars, boutiques to keep you busy.BYOB: There's a SAQ on the main street (2 blocks from the restaurant). So you can pick up some wine to enjoy with your meal. Yayy! Ambiance/Outdoor seating: The restaurant itself has a really cute patio (or as the people of monreal like to call it, terrace) , decorated in Afgani fashion. It's very romantic but also great for groups of people. Food: I think the biggest win is that you can find something that appeals to vegetarians and meatlovers alike. The vegetarian combo plate was plentiful and enough to share among two people. My friend tried the lamb kababs and said it was possibly the best he'd ever had.Service was attentive. But one star off because the waiter insisted on being snobby and speaking in french - even though his english was perfectly fluent and he knew that not everyone on the table was from quebec. Ahh well. All in all, if you are looking for a delightful evening dinner and want to exeperience Afghan cuisine, then you should definietely give this place a shot.
3	Went here the other night, and it was ok. The Mashaba soup was a highlight - very fresh and especially great if you like coriander. I had the vegetarian combo, which was decent overall. I liked that the three different colours of rice were actually distinct from one another in flavour - not just visually. My favourite part of the main plate was actually a kind of onion-type (I think??) salad which I think probably comes on the side of most plates. The rose water pudding is a nice dessert. There is a lot of food, so definitely go hungry.My dining partner, usually a huge fan of lamb, wasn't super happy with his korma chalaw. And while MY meal was generally ok, this is not my favourite Afghan restaurant in Montreal, so I wouldn't bother going back. I should also note that this place can get ridiculously noisy, which can be a but off-putting if you happen to get squished between rowdy groups...Ps. Staff is friendly.
4	I went to Khyber Pass for a birthday dinner.  There were quite a few of us and we were seated in a back room that was barely large enough to accommodate our very large group size.Khyber Pass is a "Apportez Votre Vin" restaurant which is good cause you can bring all the wine you want and get drunk for cheap.  So a lot of us brought wine. You can choose from either two table d'hote or a la carte.  I went with the table d'hote where you get a choice of a soup or salad, appetizer, main dish and dessert and then a choice of either coffee or tea.The cucumber salad was a good choice, however if you get the lamb with your main dish, it will come with the salad anyways.  The sambossa is a good choice for your appetizer.  it definitely is fried goodness.The lamb is pretty good and it is hard to get good lamb in Montreal.  However, I am not a fan of rose water, thus not a big fan of the dessert here.As for the decor, it definitely needs to get with the times.  Outdated to say the least.
5	This place is a little gem in the heart of the Plateau. The food is quite authentic (and delicious), and prices are amazing, and the service has always been great. Reservations needed as it is a small place. Also, who doesn't love the fact that it's a BYOW type of place???? ;)
5	I had la table d'hote #2 with the lamp kabab. It was excellent. I am a fan of Kababs I can say that this is one of the bests I have had.
4	We came here as a party of 8.  We brought wine, most of us ate what the server recommended, and we all left happy.  I got the quail, and it was very good.  Everyone who got the lamb (which is what they most strongly recommend) enjoyed it.  And the dishes that go with it are also quite good.In terms of ambience, it was crowded but nice.  The facade is the most distinct part (as in, when I mentioned to a couple of people the next day that I'd been here they asked about it).  The floors are uneven, so watch where you're going.  Other than that, it seemed to be pretty much what you'd expect.
5	I absolutely loved my food here. It has been a long time since a restaurant really impressed me with their food, and khyber pass really is one of the gems in that list. I went in with really a complete blah mood, up for really anything. We were seated in the terrase. The servers were extremely fast, professional, and friendly. Their atmosphere is pretty good too. I honestly have no idea on Afghan culture let alone on their cuisine, so this was a great intro to their stuff. Like I said their food blew me away. I had the table d'hote, which consisted of lentil soup and lamb korma, with the rose water rice pudding. Loved the soup and the korma not so much of the dessert as I dont like rose water flavor in general. The korma was splendid and my husband's sabzi poolao (spinach one) looked and tasted great too. Oh plus you can BYOW here and apparently they have a cave decor on the other side of the resto thats only open during Fri's and Sat's.Anyway I cant guarantee on the authencity of the cuisine itself, but it did give me good positive feel on it. Overall I will definitely be more open to trying Afghan cuisine from now on. Thanks K P :)
4	Filet Mignon Kebab.
3	I thoroughly enjoyed my food here.  I lived in Uzbekistan (just north of Afghanistan) for several months and their food was similar to Afghan.  I ordered the palaw and it brought back a lot of nostalgia from my time in Uzbekistan.  The rice dish can be a bit greasy but that's what makes it so tasty.  The chicken buried under the pile of rice was quite flavorful.  The price is a bit steep but I'm guessing it's higher since they allow you to bring your own wine.  My wife and I split the plate and it was enough for both of us.  She was especially full, but I was just satisfied.  Our plate was $20 but it would have been a bit too expensive for me if we each got our own dish.  Service was pretty poor.  It started off well, but ended poorly.  We made reservations because it usually fills up quickly so we were able to sit down when we arrived.  We placed our orders and the food came out in good time.  After finishing our meal, my friend had dessert coming.  It took probably around 10-15 minutes after we were all finished and they had cleared our table before her rice pudding came out.  We noticed that the restaurant had completely filled up and it looked as though they were understaffed.  That seemed odd to me since most of the people there made reservations so they should be prepared.  They didn't bring the bill then so we had to flag down a waiter to get it.  For food, I would give it 4 stars, but the service was 1 star.  For me, food always outweighs the service which is why I'm giving it 3 stars.
3	Khyber pass is situated in the chic Mont-Royal neighborhood of Montreal: not very far from the metro station of the same name (10-15 minutes from metro to the restaurant on foot). It's a good restaurant in a nice neighborhood with a nice traditional Afghan decor. I'd recommend a reservation before you go there since this restaurant is almost always bustling with foodies and tourists alike. The food is pretty good too. It's a BYOB restaurant so overall you won't end up paying more than $30 per person (taxes, tips, coffee/tea, entree, dessert included). I've been to a lot of Afghani restaurants in my life and this one comes pretty close to being authentic. Their speciality is lamb/mutton. Order lamb tikka (BBQ mutton cubes) or kebab, it would be served with plain rice or salad and some daal on the side. Their lamb BBQ, in one word, is "succulent". Not spicy, not overdone, not leathery, just "succulent". I was a little bit disappointed with the portion size (in fact I asked for more rice to eat with daal  just to have my fill) since the lamb tikka portion, while being delicious, isn't enough for one person. The dessert section also needs to be improved. They haven't got many items on it and once again the portions are ridiculously small. You can finish your dinner with green cardamom tea which is very good. Remember though that they won't let you stay in the restaurant for more than an hour if there's a reservation after you. So sometimes the servers can be very matter-of-factly and curt. I'd recommend a reservation around 9:30 and since there won't be any reservation after you,(generally not many people reserve a table after 10:30)  you could enjoy your table till around 11:30.
5	Oh the food here is soo good guys. I come here really often and each time is a sweet experience. I've tried the veggie meal last time and that too was awesome. Love their flavours and dishes. Dont forget to BYOW and try their yummy soup.. Heres to good convos :)
5	Wow!  Really surprised by how good the dining experience was.  Staff were very friendly and attentive, and the food was great.  I had a leg of lamb and the spice combination was excellent.  $28 for a fixed price menu that i almost couldn't finish - good think I can pack away good meals!  We ate out back on the terrace as the interior was very warm, but that's where all the other patrons were eating too!  Just a few buildings down the road from Au Pied de Cochon.
2	Khyber Pass is just OK. Nothing special except for the large terrace which made the overall experience pleasant on a very hot summer night.  As for the food its the usual kebab house fare. We had starter of sliced eggplant and yogurt sauce and a stuffed pastry of leek and lamb that was somewhere between a samosa and an empanada which was very tasty.The mains of grilled quails and lamb chowla were a little disappointing. The gimmick here is to fill you up on rice; the plates were full of three varieties which basically tasted the same. They are a little skimpy with the protein items. $80 bucks for two including tax and tip is too pricey for this type of food. I know BYOB  is a Montreal tradition, but, you are not really saving anything by going here. So next time I will pass on Khyber Pass.
3	I know it might not be cool to make ad-hominem attacks so I will say just this:One friend of mine from Berlin in Montreal on a working holiday took her CV to this place. The boss said, sure--sit for a while, let's get to know each other. Two bottles of wine, but no job later, plus lots of innuendo, she left puzzled and a bit creeped out.(This happened to her more than once in her rounds of restaurants looking for work.)Further: A couple I know say how when the bloke went to the bathroom the owner came and sat next to his girlfriend and came on to her. Then when the guy returned the owner remained seated with them for the rest of the night--taking it upon himself to order for them stuff "on the house" all charming... not sure if he did his Mujahadeen for the tourist schtick. Unbeknownst to my friend, he was asked to sample some stuff and asked what he thought it was. Had no idea... turned out to be sheep eyes, or something. The owner remained with them for the rest of their meal and it wasn't until the end when my friend's girlfriend piped up about how the owner had been coming on to her earlier. These are true experiences, and restaurants are selling 'experiences,' not just food.I had eaten here twice before and would say it just 'OK."
3	Wow, I was really unpleased with my last two visits. Unfortunately the portion size of my favorite dal soup from here just keeps getting smaller each time I visit. I dont care if they are having problems in the back, I dont mind paying a few extra for a big bowl (admins over there please note :) ) Also, my last korma chicken was just not something I was used to from what I have from  here. Given the fact that yes I was with a big family group, and yes we were one of the last folks that night in, but still while the rest of the table was served with awesome food, my korma chicken was just not cooked enough. While I requested to get another one I could tell the chicken was not simmered in the curry well enough to get the full flavor. With that being said, I will still go back to this place with just less of the enthusiasm then before. But hopefully theres still hope :)
5	I don't know how many times I've been here.Love it. I always have the lamb (the one with raisins in the rice).Don't forget to bring your own wine + mention if it is someone's birthday (they sometimes have a gift for you)
4	The only thing I'm not a big fan of is how crammed it was. We were a group of 4 people and we stuffed in a little corner at the back of the resto. I was a bit skeptical at first (the decor seems a bit out-dated) but once I took my first bite of stuffed pasta and filet mignon, everything else was no longer an issue. The food was fantastic. The waiter not so much but the flavors of my dish made up for it. I can't wait to go back
4	Fantastically Authentic. Bring your own wine.Khyber Pass has wonderfully authentic cuisine. A bit cramped inside, and busy nearly nightly. Even for 7pm on a Tuesday there was a crowd, reservations are a good idea here. Despite that though, it's quite quiet inside and you never feel like you're sharing your table with your neighbors elbows.The food is comforting and warm. My dining companion and I both opt'd the Table D'Hote #2. Her the soup Mashaba, myself the Maison. The Maison was a well spiced, filling, and warming red lentil dish. For mains, I had the Ashak, a Afghani dumpling, filled with beef, leak, topped with garlic yogurt and tomato sauce, all this served on three styles of rice. Savory and filling, the pasta shell delicate and thin. My companion ordered the lamb chalaw, a fall off the bone lamb shank, with rice and raisins, be warned, it is a bit sweet for the unsuspecting.Dessert, a rice pudding flavored with rose water was a nice finish. It's short a star as the kitchen is a bit slow, but not obnoxiously slow. That said, this is by far my favorite location in Montreal for Middle Eastern Cuisine. If you're going to be in the neighborhood, and are looking for something to try, this is certainly worth it.
5	Excellent food and service. I will be back soon again
5	-amazing ethnic decor-the best lentil soup I have ever had-sambosa and manti are restaurant made and delicious-lamb falls off the bone-kofta is bursting with flavor-can't go wrong with any variant of basmati rice
3	It was my first visit to Montreal so I was quite excited when I discovered this place while conducting some pre trip internet research. I leapt at the opportunity to try Afghani food as this is not something available in any sense in central Texas. That said, I'll be the first one to question the validity of my assessment. To start, the place has a streamlined if not limited selection. That is not to say that any of it was bad but but I'll explain that later. The menu basically gives you two prefixe options with the primary difference being the addition of an appetizer. I decided to go all the way since the $4 price difference seemed negligible and included coffee. I started with the Mashaba, a warm soup that was perfect for the cold night.  It was certainly tasty, but essentially a pretty standard beef broth and vegetable deal. At the server's somewhat unenthusiastic recommendation I went with the Mantoo for my second course.  I'm surprised he wasn't more excited because the delicate little dumplings with mild yogurt and tomato sauces were really very nice. Much better then the seemingly more popular yet comparatively boring Sambossas and probably the best thing I had.  For the main dish I followed the crowd and ordered the lamb shank with brown basmati and raisins.  All in all the dish was very tasty, the meat well prepared and and the rice not overly salty. But somehow it lacked a certain je ne sais quoi I was hoping for in terms of spice. In total it was very difficult to decide whether to rate this place as a three or a four.  The service was efficient but not spectacular and the food was good, just not amazing. All in all just good.
1	I was so excited reading all the reviews and the restaurant was jam packed but with locals and no Asian !!! That should have been my hint number one. The food service was slow. And my get mad point was when the cashier asked me if I had left my tip on the table. When asked if everything was halal/kosher on the menu , the waiter shrugged and said only lamb shanks, but I'm not judging. The meat had an odd smell. I have been a frequent diner at the best afghan places in the USA and thought I would be getting the same food here. This is good if you don't know real afghani food.
3	My first experience : The lamb is excellent, good portions and good service. Amazing desert :Cardamon-spiced pudding...soooo refreshing.2nd experience : Service was good, but very slow and later we received a comment that my guests weren't tipping enough. Tipping is at the customer's discretion and foreigners may not know better, so she should have kept her comments to herself. Last impression...I am ambivalent!!!
1	If you like to hear comments like "We do not let coloured people drink wine here...yeah, I said it," or to hear the cashier condescendingly address your colleague when their own debit machine malfunctions, then this is the place for you. Great establishment. Top notch customer service. I can't wait to go back.
5	Went to this place in June and reviewed it on another site, thought I should add one here.Best meal I've had in Montreal yet. Went with 3 friends, native from Montreal, St Louis, Durbin S.A. and me from Seattle. We all had lamb shank prepared two different ways. The owners son was our waiter, very knowledgeable about the menu. We let him pick out appetizers, the flavors were incredible, shank fell apart on the plate. Best part, you can bring your own bottle of wine, actually, have to bring your own if you want any. Old zoning laws, makes for a relatively cheap night out. I highly recommend this restaurant.
4	This place was awesome. Really friendly service, relaxed atmosphere, and situated on a cool part of Duluth by the park. As a group we tried a whole variety of starters, soups and mains, and everything was really lovely and unique. The red lentil soup, sambossa (filled pastries), spiced pumpkin starter, main lamb dish with raisins, that I ordered were all really good. And the various rices were also especially yummy. Really chill night with, again, great friendly service. It's BYOW too. Recommended.
