5	I took Sophie this morning to Saguaro Vet Clinic for a checkup and rabies shot. It was recommended to me by a friend who takes her animals there, and despite living in Tempe, I made the drive for the vet. I am so glad I did.All of the office staff is extremely friendly and does a great job with the patients. The girl who weighed Sophie and did some preliminary checking of her was great - she handled Sophie well and chatted with me while she took Sophie's heartrate and weight. Dr. Ketchmark finished Sophie's physical and gave her the rabies shot (I couldn't look...I know I am a pathetic mommy) and just kept complimenting me on how healthy and great she looks. Plus he clipped her nails for free...I think she was showing up for him because she doesn't let us do that at home!During the week, they only take appointments from 7 until noon, but they are open on Saturdays as well which is nice for the working folk. Sophie's appointment was 7:30 am and we were out of there a few minutes before 8 am. The prices were extremely reasonable - $60 for the physical; $20 for the rabies show - as well. If you are looking for a good vet for your pets, I would definitely recommend Saguaro.
5	Really wonderful and caring people.  We drive half an hour to get here but it is worth it for peace of mind that we are getting great care for our cats.
5	Sweet Milly went in for her first vet appointment with Dr.Soltero this morning. Saguaro Veterinary clinic was highly recommended by her breeder. The staff were all very friendly, the location was welcoming and they were so nice to answer a lot of questions for me. I'd recommend this clinic to anyone.
5	Saguaro is still great as ever! Milly has been having some..errr...poo problems. I went in this morning and it ended up being nothing and a very short visit - so Dr. Soltero only charged me for the labs and not the visit - how nice!
5	Poor Amalia got a chip of bone stuck in the roof of her mouth the day before Christmas Eve. It looked ugly and it was really bothering her, so I checked Yelp to find the vet closest to my grandmother's house where we were staying for the holiday. I'm so glad this place came up! Not only was it close by, but they accepted her right away! The vet techs and vet were awesome, very friendly, helpful, and caring. They were sweet to my poor girl who trembles like an earthquake whenever we go to a vet's office. They knocked her out and helped her wake up in such a gentle manner, I was really impressed. I was also impressed they I was allowed to stay with her the whole time - it was neat to see how they do things like that. Normally Amalia is taken to the back and brought out again when done - I liked being able to stay with her during the whole process (which wasn't actually a big deal or anything, but it was nice being there regardless.) Thank you, nice vets! Hopefully we'll never need you again but it's nice to know you're there just in case.
5	The best clinic I have ever been to, and will continue to go to. They helped me save my puppy Moose from that awful parvovirus. They care, plain and simple. They even came in on a Sunday (superbowl Sunday) to administer an IV for Moose. Very, very cheap pricing too. If I could give them a better review I would.
5	Absolutely the BEST veterinary clinic!!  We normally take our dogs to another vet because it's closer to our house...but Dr. Soltero and the entire staff are SO worth the drive!!  Phelony got her TPLO done here and is doing great and then Brody had a blockage in his stomach that Dr. Michael Soltero diagnosed and removed the same day.  Everyone genuinely cares about our dogs and us as well...their prices are beyond reasonable!
5	My pets have been visiting this clinic for 5 years now and I would not take them anywhere else!  Dr's. Soltero and Ketchmark are all wonderful doctors who really care for animals of all kinds.  They recommended I visit PETCO for Deli Fresh food and my dogs are in heaven and healthier than ever!
5	I should have written this review years ago but just never thought of it. I've been taking my German shepherd there for 13+ years (I just had to put her down). I wouldn't go to another vet, I moved 20 min away and never even considered going to someone else. Dr. Soltero and Ketchmark, are fabulous vets, they don't do unnecessary tests or nickel & dime you to death. Dr. Soltero is the best diagnostician I've ever seen and they, including the staff, truly cares about the animals. Dr. Soltero is a big supporter of the raw food diet and because of him recommending it to me, my Chloe lived a very long and healthy life of 13 1/2 years. When I adopt a new dog I will for sure be bringing her/him in. NSimonson
5	Dr Ketchmark is amazing! He really cares and loves animals! When I was going through losing my dog he was there for me and he even gave me his personal cell number to call them at anytime! His knowledge caring and kindness made the process so much less painful. Now that I have a new job I will continue going to him because he is the best that I have ever known!
5	My dog Marley have seen the doctors for about 4 years as needed and for shots. Marley is crazy  he hates the vet office and is truly scared. Its really sad. Ever since he was young he didnt like our old vet. Every time I say he needs to be muzzled( he is a diff dog at the vet and its sad). Every time they try to show him love and w/o a muzzle. They seriously go out of their way to love on him and show them they aren't going to hurt him, which in my eyes means more than anything to me! They are all amazing and always seem to care. From the ladies at the desk  to the vet techs, they are all sweet! From start to finish I really love them! We just got a new dog and he seen the new(er) vet Dr. Estosito who I love more then Dr. Ketchmark. He is amazing and my little Ralphie loves him. He is content and let him do whatever he needed to as a new dog check up and shots! I brought Marley in for a shot and he saw Dr. Estosito and didnt even get that upset. He gave him his shot without much action and we went home. I love that the doctor calmed him with his calm personality. Great Office. Like one of the other girls said, when Marley was really sick Dr. Ketchmark gave me his personal cell # to reach him, if I had any questions and I had to call him. He answered and helped me  get thru it. I never heard of a vet give out his number. They truly care about their patients! :) I learned my lesson by bringing my new pup to another vet to be neutered and will NEVER again go elsewhere again. Big mistake :(*The only negative thing I have to say, its seems like I am always in the waiting room for 20-30 minutes. One time for 1 hour and I left. I understand things happen, emergencies and what not, but wish the appointments were a little more spaced apart. They do however never say no if you have an emergency appointment so I cant fault them too much. That is why they get a 5 out of 5
3	I've taken my dogs to see doctor Ketchmark twice and he seems like a really nice guy, but on both occasions I've had to wait more than half an hour despite having an appointment and the office staff seems rather disorganized.
5	I moved to Scottsdale in February of this year and my dog, Spike, would soon be due for his annual checkup.  Dr. Ketchmark was recommended to us by another dog parent.  We have seen Dr. Ketchmark twice, once for Spike's annual exam and just recently for a few ingrown hairs.  Dr. Ketchmark is so kind, gentle and answers any and all questions I may have.  In fact, everyone there is truly compassionate. Their fees are very reasonable and they are so accommodating with regard to appointments. Spike and I have found THE vet and I would recommend Dr. Ketchmark and Saguaro Vet Clinic without hesitation.
5	I just got an eight week old Dobie (Saber) and though I have a regular vet, I needed a different one to get his ear docked.  I was very uncomfortable with the whole idea until I researched online and read that it is the best way of preventing frequent, painful ear infections. I was recommended first by my own vet to The Saguaro Vet Clinic.  Then upon researching the net, there are only a few vets that do the procedure. Here's the referral part. I was SO impressed at how much time Dr. Mike spent with me going over picture after picture and all my questions to make me feel so secure in my decision. He spent 45 minutes with us, being sure to know that we were comfortabe and on the same page. Thank you Dr. Mike for doing such a great job!  He has experienced NO PAIN and his new look appears to have given him confidence!  I was told that his foam inserts would only last a couple days.  It's been 6 days and he doesn't even notice them!  I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Mike at the Saguaro Veterinary Clinic for anyone looking to find the perfect place for ear docking as well as any vet services.  The entire office seemed to truly be interested and care about my little Saber. I think he must have met each and everyone there on his first visit!
5	I don't think I could take my pet to another vet.  The staff is just wonderful!They are also flexible about breaking up payments if your pet has to have a big procedure.  Just awesome people!
2	This place is around the corner from my house, so after reading all the positive reviews, I really wanted to bring my newly-rescued pup here. Unfortunately, I can't review the office itself because I can't seem to get anyone to take the time to schedule an appointment for me. Perhaps they have become too busy as a result of all the positive feedback here...In the past several weeks, I have called three separate times, on different days and at different points in the day. Each time, I have gotten the barely-comprehensible (due to speed), "Saguaro Veterinary Clinic, can you please hold?" Then, I am launched into dead silence for up to NINE full minutes without so much as a request to continue holding. (At least this last time, the girl waited for me to say yes before sending me into the cone of silence, which is more than I can say for the first two calls I made...)Eventually, I just gave up on each call, hung up, & decided to try back later. I will admit that, after the first nine-minute experience, I gave up on the second and third calls sooner. To many of you loyal patients, nine minutes may not sound like much of a wait, but when you are juggling the responsibilities of two jobs, a 6-year-old, & a puppy... Well, every minute counts, and nine minutes of being in limbo seems like an eternity, especially when it happens more than once. I gave two stars because I will give the benefit of the doubt to others who rave about this place, but part of customer service includes taking care of POTENTIAL clients in addition to current ones. After the last failed attempt, I contacted another highly-rated vet nearby, was promptly greeted, and scheduled an appointment for the very next day that even accommodated my super-busy schedule.
5	I've moved around a lot in my life, so I feel like I have quite a few past veterinary clinics to compare this place to.  This place is clearly, hands down, the best vet we've ever been to.  It's a small clinic, with a fairly small waiting room.  If you have a pet who is stressed, you may need a short leash or treats or something.  They don't keep you waiting long, so that helps.  Keep that in mind when you book your appointment with this 5 star (IMHO) veterinary clinic.  We had 4 pets when we first moved here and started visiting Saguaro Vet. Clinic.   When one cat developed a cancerous tumor, we had to put her down and I cannot tell you how accommodating they were to us (we have 4 kids and the cat was older than some of the kids, so it was really hard.)  Extremely compassionate.  But it's not just that.  They've been able to get our pets in for various issues without much notice.  They fit us in because, while the situation wasn't an emergency per se, it was somewhat urgent.   And scheduling out for a regular vaccination was also a breeze.  They usually have our prescription food available, but one time they didn't and helped us find a substitution -- with the caveat that if he didn't like it, we could bring it back (even though it was open, which we didn't need to do.)They're practical and their prices are reasonable.  They don't try to tell you that you should  have this test done... They usually say, let's wait and see how things go naturally or with this medication before wanting you to submit your pet to a test or to make you pay for something expensive.We have not developed a rapport with any particular doctor as we've seen a couple.  They always ask, and it still surprises me... like, why does it matter?  Aren't they all awesome?
5	This vet has taken care of my family pets since I can remember. Before retiring Doctor Rick retired he took great care of each my families pets, especially at their end of life. He took great care of their remains and the emotional needs of my mother. His sons now take care of the practice and they are just as exceptional as their father. I love this vets clinic.
5	This clinic did an outstanding job of saving our dogs life. We did not have a Veterinarian in Scottsdale since we moved here, and our 8 year old min pin got extremely sick. We had him in emergency care 2 days in a row, and then decided to take him in here to see Dr Mike and the Saguaro team. Dr Mike and the entire staff did an excellent job in getting us in right away on a Saturday morning, ran multiple tests and then performed emergency surgery. Our dog seems to be recovering well, although it will be a process. I am confident that if I had not taken him in Saturday morning to see Dr Mike, that he would not have made it past Saturday night. We could not thank them enough, and we now plan to have them as our permanent Vet for our current dog and our future dogs.Thanks guys,
5	I recently moved into the area and have been so impressed with the service, honesty, and friendliness of Saguaro.  I've had two appointments in early in the morning and they have been prompt in getting me in and out.  Both Dr. Ketchmark and Dr. Soltero are thorough with their exam and their advice.  They also keep cost in mind and provide alternatives that they feel will be just as effective and less of a hit on your pocket.  I also have 3 dogs, so they are conscious with their advice and understand that some visits are related (contagious).  They are priced reasonably and I would recommend them to anyone who is seeking a honest and professional vet.
5	I have been going to Saguaro Vetinary Clinic for over two years with my dogs and cats. The staff is always friendly and they can usually fit in a visit on short notice if an emergency comes up. I have seen Dr. Esposito and Dr. Ketchmar and both have taken excellent care if my pets and always kept me informed of different treatment options. I would never take my pets anywhere else!! Only con is there can be a little bit of a wait.
5	I cannot say enough amazing things about Saguaro Veterinary Clinic. A friend my mine recommended it after I had a bad experience at my then-vet. Just a couple of weeks ago we took our 10-month-old kitten ti Saguaro to get tested after he was exhibiting some troubling symptoms - wobbly walking, falling over easily, loss of appetite, staring into space. The vet performed a blood test and our kitten was diagnosed with FIP (feline infectious peritonitis), an incurable, untreatable disease. Dr. Mike talked us through our options and it became clear that our little guy was suffering and was not going to get better. We made the difficult decision to put him to sleep a few days later. The day of, my boyfriend and I were a wreck. As soon as we came in we were led to a private room and the technician laid a soft comfortable blanket down for our kitten to rest on. The vet came in and was so soothing and understanding, giving our boy a full check-up to make sure the diagnosis was correct before putting him down. I was nearly inconsolable and every single person there treated me like family. The nurse at the front gave me the tightest of hugs before we left. And then, just yesterday we received a condolence card in the mail from Saguaro. Honestly - the best veterinary clinic in the world!
5	We had a terrific experience here with Dr. Soltero. We were a bit nervous about taking our great big 12 year old Belgian Malinois to a vet's office - her entire life, she was seen by a recently-retired vet that made house calls. We looked on Yelp and saw that Saguaro was in our city and had great reviews, so we made an appointment since our dog's back legs seemed to be giving her trouble. The place is very clean and most of the staff were friendly. We did not have to wait long to see Dr. Soltero, who was kind and soft spoken. His assistant was also great with our dog and friendly with us. He gave our dog a thorough exam and helped us to consider several possible causes of her leg pain and prospective treatments. He knew what each course of action would cost, and helps us to weigh our options. In the end we chose the conservative option of treating her first with an anti-inflammatory, and we saw some improvement almost right away. She's since been back for a follow up appointment, which was also a quick one, and Dr. Soltero called himself and left us a message about the blood work results. Overall we were extremely pleased with our experience and will return when our pets need care.
5	We feel so lucky to have found this amazing vet!  All doctors we have seen have provided  careful and compassionate service to both of our labs. We treat our dogs like most people treat their children and they took it equally as serious. The pricing is also completely reasonable. I cant say enough wonderful things about this place!  The only thing they need to do is not change a thing!!!
4	We love this vet! It's a cozy little mom and pop place that is just adorable. Both doctors are very knowledgeable and don't try to trick you into buying extra services just to run up the tab. We previously went to banfield at petsmart because we didn't know any better and we always felt like we had our pockets turned inside out when we left there. Not this place. They only recommend what you need and what is truely in the best interest of the animal. They are always available and accommodating and it seems like most of the employees really enjoy working there. The only downside is that the front desk girl can have an attitude which is definitely a turn off but the doctors themselves make up for it.  These guys are really good at what they do.
