1	This place sucks, it's a total robbery.  I took my car in there to get the brake rotors changed and they told me it would be $1000.  I bought the parts on line for $100 and had a local repair shop put them on for $100.
5	I have had the unfortunate experience of driving over a nail on two separate occasions in this past year.  The guys at Discount Tire have been friendly, helpful and fast.  A flat tire can really ruin your day, but they always make the experience as painless as possible.  I really appreciate their great service.
5	The service here is amazing. I got a flat over the weekend and called every open tire center around trying to see who would inspect the tire under the manufacture warrenty. Nobody (sears,costco, wal mart,ect) would look at it since they didn't sell it. I called discount as soon as they open and the guy said come on in we will handle it. Even though the tire had obvious curb damage that would void the warrenty they still worked with me to give me 50% off the new tire (a $120 savings). They didn't have the tire in stock but took my tire and rim and said by 3 it would be all set to put it on the car. I came back at 5:40 just before close and they put it on and i was done by 6:15.The service here was hands down the best i have ever had at a tire dealer and I would recommend anybody to come here. The original price of the tire was also cheaper than tirerack.com pre-shipping so even full price they would have had the best deal in town and the only ones with the tire in stock
5	I've used Discount Tire in the past when I lived in California and was very pleased.. I had to replace all 4 tires in my truck and knew where I was going. I just had to find a shop close by.I went online to the Discount Tire website, researched which tires I wanted and then made an appointment. I would definitely recommend setting an appointment online. This way you have priority over those customers that just walk in.I showed up a few minutes before my scheduled appointment as requested when I made my appointment.. Upon arrival, I was greeted by someone, took a quick look at my tires and completed my transaction The staff is friendly knowledgeable. The sales person didn't try to up sell me on different tires. A very hassle free experience.My wife's car will be requiring new tires soon. When that time comes, I'll be going to Discount Tire.The costs of the tires are very reasonable and there is a price match guarantee.Great prices, great service!Overall, the process to do my entire tire service on my truck took about 35 minutes.
5	This place was AWESOME!!!!  A friend of mine noticed I had a big slash in my tire which of course is not safe to drive with.  My boyfriend and i located the nearest Discount Tire and were relieved to see that they were open for another hour.  As soon as we stepped out of the car we were greeted and taken care of within minutes.  We walked away buying 4 brand new tires for about 500.00. with warranty.  Everyone we worked with was friendly and really helped us out.  I would definitely go back to this location in the future:)
4	Excellent service but pricey on tires.Good, clean waiting room with an abundance of magazines and bottled water if you need it.  DT actually will fix most tire punctures for free just hoping you give them your business next time you need tires.I tried doing that but I found that their prices are not only high, but they seem to persuade you into a tire they have in stock rather than one you may have thoroughly researched on the Net that you felt was in your price range, got good reviews and was right for your driving needs.I actually traded in my vehicle hours after going to DT and getting a $800+ price quote on tires. The difference I paid for the one-year newer vehicle was close to what the tires and the needed alignment would have cost.Nothing I would recommend or that I would would typically do, but $800+ is like a major engine repair. DT has helped me through some jams in the past and I plan on returning. Service is good and they work quickly and efficiently. There are better deals on tires elsewhere though, even online.
5	I can't say enough good things about this company and specifically this location.  The employees are so helpful, friendly and genuine.  I had two tires replaced a couple weeks ago and it was about $20 more than Purcell.  But I wouldn't give my tire business to anyone else!
1	Scam artists.So im a chick. No i dont know a lot about cars. Yes i was in a huge pinch. Thats no reason to take advantage of a person in a crappy situation.I had a blow out on thanksgiving of all days and my spare has seen better days.  I got towed to these guys on a friend's reccomendation and because they are close to my home.  I figured getting a tire anywhere else on black friday of all days would be a pain and I would never make it to work that night.First they wanted 120. for one tire.  I told the guy "you know what, ill find a ride and look around, thanks" and the guy told me "hey no worries, we price match" and i assume now pretended to look up other stores and told me wal-mart, big-o, pep boys, etc were all at the same price or higher.  Being the holidays, i couldnt afford that much right then and there, so the guy says "hey, we have used tires".  I thought great, that will last me at least until my next check and I can shop around in the meantime.He goes to the garage and comes back, and says "well we have a tire thats a different size than your others, so that will work fine".  I didnt know it was WAY smaller and doing that wears out your other tires quicker than butter melts on a phoenix sidewalk in august.So now i need all my tires replaced, my alignment fixed, and you know what?  Wal-mart and Checkers wouldve been half the price.F these guys.
5	This is my new discount tire store.  I needed a tire rotation and happened to find this location on yelp since the last location I used was not a great experience.  I called them on a Friday and they made an appt for me late Sat morning.  I showed up a little early and was checked in promptly even though they were busy.  My truck was taken in on time and I was in and out in about a half hour. The staff was very efficient and polite and i was very impressed.  i will definitely be coming back to this location in the future.
5	I will definitely come back to his Discount Tire location. Our mechanic, Jesse, was incredibly helpful, professional, and friendly, and helped me lower the price of 4 new tires on my 4WD Ford Explorer exponentially. Such a great deal! And only took 30 minutes! Would definitely recommend them so a family member or friend.
5	This place is awesome! I regularly go to this place and have had a great experience every time. I make sure to book an appointment ahead of time, and get in and out of there in less than 45 minutes. One time I was there, they had 3 guys all working on finishing my car at the same time to make sure I got out in time. They do a great job every time. Highly recommended.
5	Hidden in a dieing shopping center this Discount Tire has always given me outstanding service. Any time I need new tires, a tire repair, or a simple rotate and balance I come to this location. They usually have me in and out within an hour, faster if I have an appointment, and I really trust their knowledge and expertise.
5	My first experience with Discount Tire was about 4 months ago.  I had a bolt punture a rear tire and needed it removed and the hole repaired.  Now, some stores will do those types of repairs for free and most others do not.  To my surprise, Discount did not charge me and the tires on the car were the original tires from when the car came out of the factory.  So when I left from this experience, I thought I have to come back when I need new tires.I went back yesterday.  Being on a budget, I looked up several stores for my tire size.  Most have the same prices on their web site. Discount has a store about three miles from house, so made an online appointent for my tire change.  When I went in the next morning, I was a little early like they suggested.  They checked the car to verify that I needed new tires, and that they could work on it.  That was about about 9:58.  By 10:17, the car was finished and sitting at the curb ready for me to take it home.I have never had all 4 tires changed so fast and so professionally.  Costco and Sams' can take a couple of hours.  Discount takes walk ins, but if you know you are going in and know what kind of tire and the size, book the appointment on-line.  It really helped and I will now buy my tires from them from now on.BTW they are locally owned!  Their headquarters are in Scottsdale.
1	Be careful if you are a woman coming in here alone. Please save yourself some money and headache. GET A SECOND OPINION. I would not trust this shop at all.
4	Fast, affordable, and pleasant.They took a look at my car, determined the correct tire to replace mine, and we were in and out w/in 10 mins. We prepaid so that when they called to tell me it was finished I could just get my keys and be on my way.So. Easy.
5	This particular location and the staff are the jam.  When I have a problem I like to go for speed, the comfortable low tech explanation and price.  I've had problems with my tires in the past and every time I've come in its been straight to the problem to get it fixed.  The staff who have assisted me and others around were always very courteous and inquiring to whether everyone has been assisted.  I love that type of service and friendliness.  I'm a solid two thumbs for their business and staff!
5	This place is unbelievable and here is why:I had my car towed there at 4:50 pm on a Satuday afternoon and was so worried they wouldnt be able to help me (seeing as they close at 5:00 pm on Saturdays.) I called ahead and talked to Stan, he said they would be happy to get me in and get everything done that day. I was shocked. When I arrived, Stan greeted me at the door, walked out to my car with me, and recommended a plan as far as new tires and rims. He knew my budget was low, and that I knew nothing about cars. So, he recommended something that was reasonably priced and safe. He had everything done within 30 minutes (keep in mind, he stayed after hours to do this for me!!) and even left me a little "care package" in my car.Stan - you are wonderful!!!!! Thank you!! :)If you are in need of new tires, rims, or any trustworthy car advice, go see Stan and his team! They are awesome!!
4	I hate buying tires. I feel like I'm walking death row as I approach the counter and just wait for some guy to tell me I need two more tires than I thought I did. I will seriously cruise around on a tire I know is bad because I know I have to deal with some smooth talking salesman trying to bend me over. But that didn't happen at this Discount Tire location. I walked in, told them my problem, they looked at my tires and told me why the problem happened and how to prevent it next time, gave me several options for new tires and didn't fuss when I wanted the cheapest option, completed the work and sent me on my way. I'm not trying to say this was a fun experience, I still spent more than I wish I had to, but Discount Tire did have the best prices for my car, and I at least left feeling like someone used lube and had the common courtesy to give me a reach around.
3	Very good experience here after suffering tire blowout on freeway. I'm clueless about wheels, tires, rims, but Vlade and the staff helped out nicely. They didn't have my tire size in stock, so Vlade ordered one and was supposed to put that tire on my car on Monday AM, but the tire got sold by mistake on Saturday even with his name on it reserved. My only issue is that he never called me on Monday to inform me of the situation. After I called, he apoligized and everything got taken care of on Tuesday finally. The tire was kind of expensive and they charge $16 for balancing and rotation crap (which I think I can find for free at most places), but people need tires so pony up if you don't shop around. They did leave my rims pretty dirty too and are a very busy location, so make an appointment and shop around first. I thought that the tire that blew out was from Discount Tire, but it turned out it wasn't, which left me stuck there. Still nice staff.
1	Worst experience ever!! Ladies do not waste your time with these clowns for one minute. So I'm driving and all of a sudden I have a blow out. Whew, I look across the street and thankfully spot Discount Tire which is great right? Wrong! I needed to purchase one freaking tire to and was shocked when they refused to sell me a tire but insisted that I buy 4 tires. I explained my budget was low and I had three kids and a blow out for gods sake! Well, needless to say my kids and I and my blow out tire were sent on our way with a smile. What a bunch of low lives.
5	"You don't need new tires." The best sentence I ever heard! Although I was prepared to buy new ones for my truck, when Britt said I was still fine, I felt relieved. And they repaired my flat tire, mounted it back on and put away my spare for free! All of which would not have been easy for me! Those tires are heavy. Thanks so much guys! I'll be back when my tires are beat.
5	These guys are the best!!!!I was on my way home from work and noticed my tire pressure was 53psi and should be 70psi. I thought I would pull into Discount Tire (I bought the tires there) and have them air it up. Turns out I had a bolt stuck in my tire. It was about 5 minutes to closing time for these guys and they took the time to fix my tire for me. This was July 3rd and I am sure some of them had 4th of July plans and would have liked to get home. So....I would like to send a BIG THANK YOU to all you guys there. You take customer service to the next level. I will always buy my tires from you.....
5	Customers and myself have done business with Discount Tire for almost a decade now. I called up to this location needing a couple tires, got a call the next day and got taken care of. Had some issues with a stuck lug, referred out to Brake Masters to have it replaced at no charge to me. Thanks! typically in the past i've seen that costs passed on to the customer.Pleased with the service, I called again for 2x. Same situation with couple lugs, referred to a brake masters and was able to get 2x tires on the vehicle. Still wasn't charged for the lug replacement. Even was charged less for the 2x addition tires and didn't ask for a discount. Got hooked up and didn't ask for it.I'm glad a business like this is part of the Tempe community. Countless times waiting I observed reps just fixing tires and sending people on their way without trying  unneeded up sales. Saving people some cash! These folks here are legit!
5	I've been having some problems with my tires being low on air, so I stopped by this Discount Tire after my lunch meeting at the nearby golf course.  I stopped in and tell the guy what was going on and he told me to go get my tire pressure checked by one of his tech.  It turns out that I just need 2 new tires and everything worked out fine.  I left with 2 brand new tires and I'm very happy with their service and their attitude about everything.  They don't try to sell you something that you don't need and they will always give you a honest opinion for you to decide later on.
5	I've been to Discount Tire at Southern and McClintock before and purchased some new tires there a year ago.  On that visit, I already knew what tires I wanted, there was no hassle, no haggle, and no hard upsell, and it was a positive experience.So, now, a tire on a different car has been experiencing a slow leak for a while, and I went to Discount Tire again to have the tire checked and repaired.  I didn't make an appointment and showed up on a Monday morning at 11AM.  The shop was quite busy but I was scheduled quickly and was told it would be an hour wait.As in my previous experience, the crew there is friendly, efficient, and professional.  The service actually took less than 45 minutes.  They found a screw in my tire that was causing the leak, did the needed repairs, and there was NO CHARGE for the service.  Unheard of these days!  I can't think of another business that provides any kind of services for free.  I was relieved to get the leak fixed and thrilled over Discount Tire's goodwill, it actually made my day and lifted my spirits.  Discount Tire is certainly on track in building strong loyalty within their customer base through such acts of goodwill.I would certainly recommend this Discount Tire to anyone.  Thanks, Discount Tire!
5	Great place.
4	In wanting to double-check a tire and its' recently developing a need for air to be added each week, I went by Discount Tire on a Saturday at noon.On my arrival, I observed a very busy shop.  I went in and stood at the register, with the plan to speak to an associate about having the tire checked.  The wait was a few minutes, and the associate I ended up speaking with was a bit short.  Maybe it was because he was on his way to a break or lunch...he was just somewhat abrupt in answering my questions.  When I asked how long the wait would be before the car would get in, he told me 2 hours.  When I asked how much it would cost to check the tire, he said he could not tell me until the tire was checked.  He asked if I had further questions, and when I said no, he turned and left, apparently for the break room.  As I had searched up the closest tire shops online, I was aware I could make an appointment online, so I logged in right there and made an appointment to return for the check and possible service need.  According to the scheduler, I could return at 3 PM and have no wait.  I made the appointment, left and returned at 2:45.  On my return, I was greeted at the register by Fernando. who made it a point to give me his name and his business card.  While I explained to Fernando what I was concerned about, he was listening and evaluating all 4 tires on the car.  He pointed out a nail in a tire I was not even concerned about, and let me know he wanted to check all 4 tires, even though I was only concerned about 1.While I was not on a tight schedule, I asked about how long the check would take, and he advised it would be a maximum of 45 minutes.  He asked if he could call me on the phone number I left when I made the appointment and reconfirmed the number.  When I asked if the location had wifi, he told me it did not, but directed me to the coffee shop a few stores down that did.  I got a text when the check was done, about 40 minutes later.  On returning to the shop, Fernando met me as I was opening the door.  He had my evaluation paperwork and keys, and as we walked to the car, he told me that he found no problems on any of the 4 tires, even the one that had a nail in it.  He produced the nail and told me how it had penetrated the tread but not the interior of the tire.  When I asked how the pressure might be changing in the tires, he reminded me of the cooler temperatures that had been around of late, and how the air pressure could vary a bit with the temperatures not getting as hot during the day.  4 stars, absolutely.  In my mind, had the first associate not been quite so short, this Discount Tire would have gotten a 5 star review.
4	Very respectable people.
5	I have been a fan of discount tire all my life. My dad gets all his vehicles serviced here. Recently my tire had a nail in it. One other tire place told me that they cannot repair it because the tread was too low and that I need to buy from them. Found out that discount is the place to go the hard way. Went there with a spare on. They immediately took my tire in and were able to fix it! they werent trying to make a sketch profit like the other place. just good people. Very honest. and willing to help/safe. Good customer makes $$$ not lying with bad service like the other place.
5	Full disclosure, I worked for this company for several years and left on my own terms to peruse other career opportunities. First of all, there are several reasons why discount tire has over 250 locations nationwide.  Simply, they treat their customers with honesty, integrity, and they are a company with humility. Discount is honest and up front with their customers. Every location I have been to is clean, and I don't feel like I am walking into a back alley transaction the minute I walk in the door.  This store is small and older than most, but I am glad to see a familiar face from years past back at this store, now as the senior assistant manager.  They treat the it customers with integrity at ALL times.  Not everyone has the same bank account, not every car needs a Z rated tire, so the sales person will fit your vehicle with the best option for your vehicle and your budget. I have even seen management give a used tire to someone that can not afford a tire until payday to get them back on the road. Discount is not successful because they are the cheapest outfit in town. Let's face it, there are a lot of places to get tires, but you will have the service you requested done to your vehicle, and if it is not to your satisfaction, the management at his store and across the board will make sure it gets done properly. This is a great store, especially with the staff they currently have.  Will there be wait times, yes.  Will there be employees working in 110 degree weather to get your car done, yes.  Will the sun rise tomorrow, yes!  I don't expect anybody to roll out the red carpet and throw roses when I walk through the door, but I do expect honesty, integrity, and humility from a business that I spend my hard earned dollars at and that is what you will get at Discount Tire and especially at the McClintock and Southern store.
5	Brought both of my vehicles here in the last few weeks....exceptional service and always the best prices...Scott the service rep I've dealt with was really great, went out of his way to find me a tire when the website didn't have any affordable tires in stock....I have a big O behind my house but will go outta my way to bring all my vehicles to this discount
5	1998 Jeep Grand Laredo Cherokee -- they've been monitoring (rotation, fixing punctures) my tires since 2007 :)2005 Toyota Matrix -- they've been monitoring these now, since just this past fall, 2013.Excellent service to date, and always a busy store with highly efficient staff zipping around and treating each customer as an important client.
1	This place sucks! Second time they broke my lug nut while changing my tires. Do not go here! Plus they are rude and don't care!
3	Tire prices are ok, although they charge a bit much to install.  Do NOT come to this place on a hot day. The AC in the lobby is pretty much non existent.  Also, an FYI they are tucked back in a shopping center... No sign on the street and the main sign Is partially hidden by another building.
5	Friendly fast service and they righted a wrong done by another tire place. I couldn't be happier. I will be back for free rotations and pressure checks as needed.
1	From reading all of the positive reviews I wonder where all the wonderful service happened to be when I came in. Respect and Courtesy wasn't their strong suit on this beautiful Saturday.
5	I was getting ready for work and was shocked when I realized my rear driver's side tire was completely flat. I hobbled to Discount Tire on my donut and Brandon left the cool confines of the lounge to greet me in the AZ heat and get the info on my vehicle. He was very professional, knowledgeable and polite.The garage crew quickly assessed the problem, a bad valve, and replaced it. Now I can finish my day strong!Thank you Brandon and Crew @ Discount Tire!
4	Thanks to a nail, I had a slow leak. Stopping by Discount Tire in Tempe, I expected a long wait. Thankfully they got me in and out fairly quickly. The only drawbacks were: it's difficult to find. Some better signage would help on this busy corner. And the sun makes it very bright in the waiting area at that time of day (like 'headache-inducing'), it might be good to use the shades on the west facing window. But I was happy they took care of me so quickly. I don't buy tires anywhere else!
5	This location is as fine a tire store as there pissibly can be. In 2001 they made good on a situation with a replacement far superior and nore expensive than what I had. At a later date I purchased four high end tires. They later took them off and put on equal tires that were better for the car. There were many instances with their coming through. Quality,  valueand experience is a lot to continuously  offer year after year.
5	FIVE STARS:I am so pleased with my service I received this afternoon. I got a tire replaced and the service was swift with the best customer service I have ever experienced from any other tire shop in the valley. The service excelled so far as for the manager of the store to personally deliver my set of keys and receipt to the nail salon next door where I was unfortunately being held up as the tire shop was to close soon. The team at Discount Tire is focused and ready to help their customers in a professional and friendly manner. I will always recommend their services.
