3	This convenience store is really good. It's clean & bright with friendly staff. They offer a large variety of fresh hot foods on the menu: Thick seasoned fries, Chester fried chicken and strips, Gyros, Pizzas. I had the Gyro meal $5.99 comes with a fat stuffed gyro, fries and about a 20 oz fountain drink. It's 2 meals in one! I have never had a gyro this loaded down with meat and I have friends that own a gyro & burger joint! The food is hot and made as I paid and filled my drink. The gyro meat might have a bit to much garlic for some but it's still tender and tasty. Only thing lacking was lettuce but I understand not all people put lettuce on a gyro. I just happen to like it, but then I failed to ask for it. Also that yogurt cucumber sauce stuff was not to good here. I have had better sauce, I sorta think this was ranch dressing. Still I can't wait to go get a taste of that golden fried chicken!Also note they have an area to sit and eat inside and outside, which is so cool
4	Me 'n the boys at work were gittin' kinda squirly, it being around lunchtime at all. I reckoned I'd be darned tootin' if I could stomach another Subway sammich, so I put forth a suggestion. "Boys" I said, "howza about we try sumpin' a lil' bit different fer supper this time? I hear there's a nearby gas station that serves up some mean-old gee-ros!" My hungy fellers all liked the idea, as if I was ringin' the chow bell mahself.  We all darn near tripped over ourselves packin' into my rig. Once on board, I sounded the battle cry: "C'mon doods... it'll be a hoot!"And off we sped to yonder fillin' station for some much needed belly-fillin' grub. Speedy Pit Stop was like no other place I'd ever seen. They got fried chicken, they got pizza-pie, they even got ice cream and a whole mess of tater chips and whatnot to choose from. We even ordered our meals in three different languages. I like to call them little Greek stuffed flatbreads a "gee-ro", 'cause it sounds more authentic-like but still 'merican. I guess that's why that day the boys all called me "Hard G". Now, my right hand man Spencey-poo, well he's all fancy-shmancy and says the Greeks pronounce it "yee-ro". And then my other buddies, stuck in their ways as they is, called it a "jy-ro". I guess to each their own.Anyhoo... we snarfed them gee-ros down, but it took longer than I thunk, because they was packed with meat. And there's nothing I like better than packin' something fulla meat (ya hear me, darlin'?). And we were impressed with the portion size... for only four measly bones per sando. We voted against gettin' the combo dealy-bob so that we could roam the store and pick out our very own bag o' chips and swaggle-juice. Personally, I usually dig on them Funyons... but they give me the dragon breath. So instead I got me a big ol' bagga them Fried Pork Rinds. Gee-ros, good buddies, and fried pork rinds. Dadgummit... it don't git much better 'n that! Ptui... DING!
4	Try their Gyro's.  Very healthy and for $5 -- the deal can't be beat.Everything else here is not too healthy -- fried stuff or burgers.
