5	This huge library is such a gift to the area and to the city, it's really amazing. There are zen quiet places to sit and read, study, or just dream. There is actually a huge English fiction section and a fricken awesome floor devoted to CDs and DVDs - this area gets packed on evenings and weekends, but check it out on weekday morning if you want to take some time to enjoy. Membership at the library is free for anyone with a Montreal mailing address (just bring some ID and a hydro bill and that should do it) and this gets you access to the whole library network of 43 libraries in the Mtl area. At the National library there are beautiful exhibits on different floors that change over time. There's a well equipped exhibition / conference space in the basement, and during the summer the back alley between the library and St Denis functions as a second hand bookstore where the library sells old or duplicate stock, and the library is connected to Berri metro underground and to UQAM which is super useful in the depths of Montreal's wild winters.
4	This place is free for Montrealers, you can rent a movie, a music CD or a book all for free and the selection is quite impressive.  There are lots of places to sit and browse the bookstore or prepare exams.  The place looks great from inside, while the exterior looks like the usual "washroom" style Montreal  architects favor these days.  On the minus side, the building is located on the extremity of the gay district;  the place feels sometimes like a pick up spot for males, which could get a bit uncomfortable.  Also, the toilets are pitiful, especially for a building with such a suggesting exterior.All in all, a most seen place in Montreal.
5	This place could, hands down, be one of the best investments the city of Montreal has done. You can access it right from the Berri-UQAM metro station, without having to go outside (no need to explain why that is practical in the winter). It is free if you live in the city of Montreal. You will have to get membership though (which is free). Bring your ID and anything with your address on it (Cell phone bill, Videotron, Hydro...). You will get fined if you do not return your rented item(s) on time.You can rent books, music CDs and movies! They have exhibits too. Lower floor is for children.There are MANY spots to just chill and read a book. There are also selected spots to listen to a CD or watch a DVD.Decoration: Pretty and very well maintained, on the inside and out.(they have drinking fountains inside btw)
5	I guess it's a bit strange to check out the local library when you're doing the tourist thing, but this place was worth the visit. They had some great exhibits on display and some innovative ways to incorporate sound, which is nice in the quiet setting of a library. The place is huge! There are lots of little nooks to get lost in with your nose in a book and there seemed to be a section for everyone. The best thing about this location is that you can take the Metro and you don't have to go outside! I really could have spent hours here.
4	It's a very crowdy public library, so if you're in search of a quiet place to work without headphones, the BANQ is not this place. Yet, for all the available resources available there (free with the membership), it's just an amazing place! And if they don't have your item, they will look with their partners (like the Montreal Libraries network or even universities libraries) to reserve it for you.A very useful jewel for anyone who live here, and it's open late! Now that's very useful for any late-nighter ;)
5	I love this public library! I have visited on numerous occasions now and the collections are fantastic. The structure itself is beautiful and you can spend a fair amount of time just wandering around and seeing what is available on each floor. It can get quite busy and I imagine may be difficult to find a quiet place to work on the weekend. Direct access into the metro means that you don't have to brave the cold in winter with a bundle of books under your arm! Really impressed!
5	Every great city has a great library. No buts, ifs or maybes about it. Whether it's the Library of Celsus in ancient Ephesus, the great library of Alexandria, the New York Public Library, the Library of Congress in Washington DC or the  Bibliotheque Nationale de Paris, if you want to be a great city, you need a great library.   While our Bibliotheque comes no where near those aforementioned venerable institutions, it is still a young baby after all, it sure does a wonderful job of creating an accessible, welcoming public space for all to enjoy and make use of.While their book selection for English titles is far more limited than their French title selection, not to worry, inter-library loans from libraries in the rest of Quebec, Canada or even the United States can easily be arranged here. Wi-Fi as noted in other reviews is indeed slow but membership at the library gives you access to online databases which you would normally need to pay for. Think of ANY film title you can. Be it obscure titles from 1920's Soviet Constructivism, 1930's black and white films from Hollywood's Golden Age, 1940s Italian Realism, 1950s TechniColor musicals, 1960s French New Wave, 1970s American cinema verite, or the darlings from the festival and awards circuits in the last few years. Chances are, you'll find it.  You can practically get a free education in Film Studies just by borrowing out their entire selection of Criterion Collection DVD titles of which the Bibliotheque has many, the choice of most film buffs. Their documentary selection is just as wide and varied.Lots of quiet comfy places to read your books in peace, super-helpful staff, fantastic selections of books, DVDs, and CDs, this place is a real gift to the citizens of Montreal.
