1	So I go by this place, on the way back home, which is in Charleston, SC.  While it wasn't a long detour off I-77, I was VERY disappointed to find a big "COMING SOON" sign draped across the window.  Now, I called them back in mid January, but never got a response, so I'm guessing it's not going to open.  It sucks that this place has a website and all, but not in operation.  I'm guessing it's another victim of the economic downturn.  More of a big tease than anything.  If and when it opens up, I'll try to go by there in my travels.
4	Yeeeeeaaah buddy! (cheezy smile) I've been stalking this place for a long time and I'm glad it's finally opened. Usually when it's this long of a wait, I sometimes just get over it. Call me crazy, call me neurotic; I don't know if it was the suspense, the anticipation, but at one point I was convinced it was never going to happen and all of my dreams of smothered spam would be crushed. The online menu listed everything the restaurant has to offer except price point. With the average entree around town being an excess of $9, I was really expecting to pay a premium for the few, possibly the only Hawaiian restaurant around town. Much to my chagrin (NOT!), prices are moooooore than reasonable. Not only are they reasonable, portions are more than fulfilling. So I've never been to Hawaii, but I frequented many Hawaiian restaurants back home in San Diego. While Aloha doesn't quite rank up there with the best of them, L&L most notably, Aloha is a definitely top contender.
4	Yeah! It's finally open! Big MAHALO to Carla for letting me know this is finally open. We just happened to traveling through Charlotte and HAD to make the stop. It's a new place, so it's very clean, even the bathrooms. The people who work here are VERY friendly and didn't get dissuaded after having to explain to the clueless groups of people behind us. They stayed very happy and welcoming, guess you could say they displayed a lot of ALOHA. Prices are very reasonable, as they are with most hawaiian bbq places, and they load you up with a ton of food. We both had the Hawaiian bbq mix plate w/ mac salad and the spam musubi on the side. It wasn't the best I've had, but it was easily a solid 4 and the best within a 8hr drive. Their take on Katsu sauce was pretty good too, sweet, salty, and spicy. Was a little disappointed they didn't have any Hawaiian Sun drinks, but that would probably be pretty expensive to have sent over here. I just wish they would open a place in Charleston, so I wouldn't have to drive 2 1/2hrs to get my fix.
4	Being a native of Los Angeles, I have certainly seen my share of Hawaiian places.  I was thrilled when Aloha opened since I had not had any Hawaiian in a couple of years.  This place compares very well to what I found back in L.A.  The ambiance is actually nice and clean and the staff was very friendly.  The food was very good.  I had the Hawaiian BBQ Mix and enjoyed it all.  The BBQ chicken was particularly good.  The pricing is very reasonable and the portions are generous.  The only downside was the tv in the corner tuned into Jerry Springer....it's like a car crash...I had to look even though I knew I would regret it!  Since this place is a short drive from my office, so I can say for certain that I will be back for more!
4	Having just recently returned from a trip to Honolulu, I've had Hawaiian-On-The-Brain since I've returned.  Imagine my suprise when I stumbled across Aloha here in Charlotte.I went over for lunch today, arriving right around 11:40.  There is a small dining room and a counter for ordering.  You order at the counter and wait for your food to be brought to you.  I was greeted and placed my order after a short wait at the counter.  I ordered the curry chicken katsu to go and a sweet tea.  They put my order in and I sat down to wait for my food.It is at this point that I should tell you that this is not a "quick-service" restaurant.  It took right around 15 minutes for my food to be ready.  The waitress came into the dining room and called my number.  Upon realizing that my order was to-go, she retrieved a bag for me after delivering two other meals.  All meals are served in black to-go containers, whether you eating in or taking it to go.I took my lunch back to the office and opened it up.  I was overwhelmed with the quantity of food.  Mac Salad and rice are your standard sides, but I asked for extra rice instead of the mac and ended up with three nice scoops of rice.  The chicken was laid out over a thick green leaf-like vegetable (cabbage?).  The curry sauce was poured over the chicken.  The food was really tasty.  The taste was very similar to what I had eaten on the island.  The only difference was that I was expecting the brown gravy-like curry, and not the milder curry that was used in the dish.I'll be heading back to Aloha soon.  I would recommend calling in an order if you plan to take it to go.  But definitely check it out.
3	Coming from a person who is actually from Hawaii, I was excited to know there was a Hawaiian place that I could drive to! South Carolina has nothing Hawaiian, so driving an hour and 40 minutes was okay with me. Aloha's menu is kind of like a L&L Drive Inn, which is a local Hawaiian chain. My husband was told by the guy at the counter that Aloha was a chain on the West Coast. After scoping the menu, we decided to get the chicken plate. Which consisted of, chicken katsu and  teriyaki chicken. We got our children mini katsu plates. As stated by another person, they do take some time to prepare your order. Our food was brought out to us in typical plate lunch boxes. Most local food in Hawaii is served this way, whether you take out or eat in. We were surprised by the generous amount of food. Nice big scoop of rice, mac salad, and chicken on a bed of cabbage. The Katsu was decent, and the sauce served with it was fairly good. The Teriyaki was ok for me. I was however in love with the mac salad. I've had many mac salad, and this one was pretty good. Overall the meal was good, gave me that fix I was missing from back home. I would have like to see more authentic dishes from the islands. On our way out, we ordered some Spam Musubi. It took them a while to prepare this as well. To me, musubi is something that should be already prepared and not something you make as it's ordered. It was okay, I think I had better musubi at 7 Eleven. For me it was worth the drive. I know where I can go now if I need a little taste from home.
4	great food. great friendly service.
4	I was born in Honolulu Hawaii, and I remember all of the great Hawaiian food I are there. My lunch today at the Aloha Hawaiian BBQ and Grill brought back many fond memories. I had the Hawaiian BBQ Mix and an order of  Spam Musubi. Both of them were delicious and authentic. I will be back for sure and I will be bringing my family (especially Mom and Dad, who also spent many years on the Islands.)
4	Oh Aloha.  This place is a semi-fast food joint located next to the Walmart Supercenter off S. Tryon.  The menu has a large selection of meat and rice dishes with a tropical flair.  I stopped by for lunch the other day and was surprised by the relatively affordable prices and large portions.  The cashier/server was very cheery and wore a flower in her hair - nice touch!  I ended up getting one of the combos - the BBQ Chicken to be exact.  It came on some kind of cooked cabbage with a side of rice and a side of excellent macaroni salad.  Aloha was a nice break from the typical lunch norm.  I'm excited to go back and try some of their other more adventurous dishes.
4	Mass amount of super good food at a low low price.  Go again and again. Only downfall is the size of the place its not for a date or a meeting, it's more of a fast food type place but way better food.
3	I really wish my experience had been better, and I'm pretty sure if I return I will only see improvements.  First, there was the ordeal at the register, not a huge mishap, but enough of an issue to kind of throw off the meal... I ordered the bbq mix plate (suggested by the nice woman behind the counter, later realizing it was also one of their more expensive, but still fairly cheap) and an order of the spam musubi, and a small drink.. my total comes to $16 and change. I do some quick math in my head, and since they don't have prices listed for drinks do some guesswork but the price still seems high, so I ask the woman to repeat the order, and we go through the three items, and she still says $16. I notice a stack of itemized receipts next to the counter so I agree to pay the amount and figure I can find out how much the drink really cost when I get to my seat, as I'm signing I realize she's charged me for two of the musubi, even though we just covered I only wanted one. She apologizes and then it becomes an issue if I can take cash back, if she will cancel that charge and recharge the new amount, or give me the three dollars back on the card. (frankly, I couldn't have cared less, I just didn't want to get charged twice) The woman was apologetic the whole time and I know mistakes happen, but it altered the rest of experience. I decide to take my meal to go, and wait the expected ten minutes for it. When I get home, even after what I've read here, I'm still surprised by the amount of food in the box. The macaroni salad was pretty darn good, as was the chicken. Moist, flavourful, I could have eaten just a box of that. The bbq beef was, well, ground beef in grease. I noticed in the other photo posted they were lucky enough to get strips of beef but the bulk of mine look like it was crumbled off of a patty and thrown in with some end pieces from the strips. The ribs, frankly, had hardly any meat on them, and were really tough. Mine were mostly bone and fat. As for the musubi, I'm glad there is a place in town I can get it, and Aloha makes a decent version... though they do wrap the whole thing in nori, not just a band of it. If I find myself in the area of town again, I think I will return and give it another go. The chicken really was delicious, and that macaroni salad... so if you want a lot of at least moderately good tasting food for fairly cheap, check it out.
3	Isn't this place closed now? I tried going about a month back and it looked like they'd already gone out of business. Which means they were only IN business for a couple of months.
