5	This thrift store has a truly community friendly atmosphere. It is a smallish store and volunteers are always setting new items out from boxes newly donated. I have always gotten a good deal here in a time when "thrift" stores can be overpriced for kitschy or unique items. A bag of books is always 1 dollar no matter how big or small the bag. There is also a furniture store next store which they need to show you into because it is often locked.Good place for cheap stuff.
4	This store is small, so the merch is limited, but the volunteer staff does a pretty good job of keeping it stocked. There is always new stuff there. The real draw of this place is that it is cheap. I mean, it beats the pants off the prices at any other thrift store in town. There's furniture too. Additionally, it supports the fine and commendable work of the Thomas Merton Center, so you can get worthwhile junk for superlow prices and support an organization you should be supporting already. Wow!
2	The staff was all very nice and it was a very laid-back place. It was quite small though. Good for clothing, but not really any furniture or large housewares items. A small area with dishes, glasses, etc and then electronics which was mostly VHS tapes and cassettes. They have a nice-sized children's area in the back with clothing and toys.This seems like the kind of place you might find a gem occasionally, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here since there are a lot of other places with a much larger selection.
5	No one has reviewed this little gem n a while, so I thought I would. My 14-year-old daughter introduced me to this place. She kept telling me about the clothing she could get there for less than $1, and I didn't believe her. So, I went with her. The store is on a stretch of Penn where you can still find a metered parking place right out front. For those not from the city or who aren't used to shopping in hoods in transition, don't let the look of nearby buildings scare you off. If the nice old ladies who volunteer at the shop find the area safe enough to work in, then you don't have anything to be afraid of. Buck up! You'll be glad you did.About the merchandise, it's worth searching through. The last time I was there, I got an authentic, mint-condition Burberry men's trench (with lining!) for $4.00. Yes, you read that right. $4.00. It fits my son perfectly!My daughter is into 80s fashion right now (which is strange bc I was too in the 80s). She comes home with sweaters for .$25. 25 cents! for a sweater! Wacky.I bought a pair of mint condition (could have been brand new) jeans there once, too. I dug through a box of jeans to find them and can't remember how much I paid, but I am sure it was less than what I could get them for at Goodwill (less than $7). (BTW, I'm a huge fan of Goodwill, too.)They do have a dressing room!
