2	This is the bar/lounge in the Hilton Monona Terrace Hotel. Good drink specials, inexpensive and STRONG cocktails, and free appetizers during happy hour. Very comfortable and relaxing atmosphere.But HORRIBLE SERVICE. We had the same slowww, forgetful, inattentive, annoying bartender for three nights in a row. Go for the drinks - not the people!
3	Olive is sort of the "do it all" space in the Madison Hilton.  During breakfast hours, 6:30 - 11am weekdays- you can fix yourself a plate from the breakfast buffet and sit in any one of the comfy chair and table clusters located around the room.And on weekends, lunch is also available from 12 -2.But my favorite time to go is cocktail time, for the bartender here makes a mean dirty martini.  And I am happy to sit, relax and watch the people flow in from the nearby convention center.  Windows look out onto the lake and to the adjoining Monona Terrace convention center with it's Frank Lloyd Wright design.Service is spotty.  Sometimes it's good and other times- while there is a flurry of activity- it appears that all the servers are running room service orders up the nearby elevators.Definitely not a destination bar.  But the next time you are staying in the hotel- stop in for a drink and linger for a minute to watch the world go by.  And enjoy a martini of your choice with it's namesake olives plunked down into your glass.
3	We came here for breakfast several times as we were staying at the Hilton. Pretty great view, nice set up, decent service, and food was just about average for breakfast. I think it would be better for a nightcap or something.. but hey, German places are better for that!
1	I've had better service at hotel lounge and restaurants. This is the bar/lounge in the Hilton Monona Terrace hotel. I heard the bartenders make excellent martinis. I was only here for breakfast and there was a fixed hot/continental buffet for $17/15 or so. I thought it was overpriced so we ordered a la carte. Service was LOUSY. My mediterranean omelette was $15 and didn't even come with potatoes or toast. It was just an omelette on a plate. So overpriced in my opinion. The servers were rushing and disorganized, even though there weren't that many people.We found much better restaurants in the area the next day.
