5	Guys, (and some girls - *wink)*,  trust me on this one...keep this review in your wallet until you REALLY need itThis is a real life "Get out of Jail Free" card if you are ever in deep with the wife or girlfriend or BOTHJust order a bouquet of assorted fruits, assorted fruits dipped in chocolate or Strawberries dipped in chocolates and send it to her work or home or anywhere with high visibility so that she can show it off to her friends/coworkers.ALso a great idea for Valentine's day, Anniversaries OR, for best effect ... "Just Because it's Tuesday and you're Beautiful"I don't care how deep in trouble you are, but you are going to be getting some loving tonight, brother.  You can thank me later.
3	I've never visited their store but they were at the BITE of Las Vegas and I couldnt stop buying their chocolate covered strawberries & apples.They sell them in bouquets like an arrangement of flowers hence the name. Brilliant idea and tasty chocolate.
3	Cool fruit arrangements..but the prices are a little to high
4	Yummy!I was able to use my Groupon at this location during our visit in December even though the deal expired in November. The gals were helpful and accommodating. I've always given these chocolate covered strawberries as gifts but this one was mine! They were delicious! Ample parking in a private lot. Store is located  in the corner of a shopping plaza... almost missed it so look carefully :)
5	i have not physically visited this store, but when i was in a hurry to send my insurance company a major THANK YOU for being so awesome to me, Jessica was amazing and accommodating. i could not have asked for a better response time and spot-on delivery. i received a WOW response and a thank you from the entire office when the arrangement was dropped off. i was sent a picture and i was very proud of what i ordered.i was so happy with Jessica and this store that i wanted to order a bouquet to HER! :) will definitely be using again. not all stores are created equal.thank you, for making me look good!
1	I placed the order for coworkers birthday. Order successfully went through and receive a confirmation email. The next day when the order was supposed to be delivered to our job, they never showed up. The online check is a joke and is inaccurate. When I called the next day to cancel the order, the order number was completely wrong and was mass confusion. Then they went on to tell me they tried to deliver the arrangement but the business was closed. Which was untrue because the business didn't close till 10 PM. Had to haggle to get a refund back. Didn't receive an apology or any compensation what so ever.
