5	Who would have thought that the best deli sandwich I have ever had would be found in Arrowhead mall in the west valley of Phoenix?Best pastrami I think I have ever had...and I know the search has been a long one after growing up on the east coast and dealing with alot of west-coast wannabees that claim they have the best. For years, I have tried them all. Nate 'n Al's in Beverly Hills, Cantor's in Hollywood, Art's, Junior's and Jerry's are good, but nothing compared to this cafeteria style food factory in Glendale, Arizona. They make their own and the place smells like a deli! Nowadays, delicatessens are like Walmart, but not Miracle Mile! Consistent, delicious and the New Yorker on rye with cole slaw and Russian dressing is my go-to sandwich. They also have Dr. Brown's Black Cherry Soda that makes the meal EVEN better!Go in and introduce yourself to Josh. He is third generation of a family who knows deli. You will not be sorry.
1	The food is reminiscent of a hospital cafeteria. The staff is rude and the ambiance is tacky.
4	I remember when there weren't so many Miracle Mile delis in Phoenix..and getting a pastrami straw took some strategy and patience and waiting at Park Central mall with hundreds of people. Today, you can get your straw and eat it too before you go back to the office at one of many locations. I'll admit to a bit of nostalgia over the mix of people and the long-I'm-going-to-wait-no-matter-what lines. Whenever I am in Phoenix, there are TWO must-have stops. One is some local place with Chorizo..and the other..is Miracle Mile. Thank GOD I don't have to go to New York for a good sandwich.
5	We miss the Miracle Mile at Arrowhead Mall which closed Dec. 31, 2010, they had the best Brisquet and pastrami sandwiches going.  We drove all the way to Scottsdale to the Miracle Mile there; same great food, and some of the Arrowhead people were there too.  Manager, and personell behind the counter.  Hope they bring a Miracle Mile back on the Westside and hopefully at Arrowhead Mall.  We miss them. Phillip I., Peoria, Az.
5	This place was in Park Central and Christown Mall before Air Conditioning was invented. You cannot be around that long and not do something right. I give it 5 stars for quality and customer service. I use to eat there frequently, but now that I'm 44, I cannot eat this type of food as much. Rating healthy choices is a whole other topic, but I think everyone knows what a NY deli is all about.
5	Yes, the Miracle Mile Deli at Park Central in Phoenix closed several years ago, but Park Central Deli is still at the same location and offers the same great food and quisine.  They closed our Miracle Deli at Arrowhead Mall in the West Valley too,  so now we have to go to the East Valley to get true Miracle Mile food, a long trip, but worth the drive. Josh is at the Scottsdale store, and even though I harrass him a bit on my blogs, he's still friendly and accomadating when we see him in Scottsdale. Hopefully someday, Miracle Mile will again grace our taste buds in the West Valley, it's a great place to eat, and the employees are very friendly. My favorite meal is Brisquett on a Kaiser Roll, FF, pickle, cold slaw and a drink.
