5	Cool Men's Only Fashions!  Grand Opening Event Today!  We were here last night!  SILVERFLY has been open about one month!  Girl and Guy, working here, probably the Owners were Very Friendly and Welcoming!Raleigh Brand Jeans!  Belts, Wallets, Underwear all the Accessories for Dudes!  What caught my eye was the DETAIL!!!  Great looking Shop and the Coats I looked at had Functional Buttons on the Cuffs... This is a Rarity except on the Finest of Clothes... You'll notice most "Cuff Buttons" are simply ornamental!  Some have the appearance of an included functioning Button Hole and the VERY Few have actual working "Cuff Buttons" (my terminology)!  Very nice Merchandise!
5	I'm not much of a fasion-centric guy. Most of my apparel comes from Target and I'm not ashamed. However, stepping into SilverFly and perusing the selections made me think twice about expanding my fashion sense and boy, oh boy, am I glad I did. Here's the best part: It's Men's only. Most of the time I go to a department store, or any other clothing store for that matter, I typically have to wade through row after row and aisle after aisle of lingerie, awkward manikins, and leggings. Not at SilverFly. It's easy to spot items that catch your eye. These guys have everything. Shoes, accessories, ties, jackets, jeans, plaid shirts, and others. I especially appreciated the selection of shirts and plain hoodies. For a guy that doesn't like a ton of graphics on his clothes, I could easily find something modest and cool to pick out. When you visit, be sure to check out the shoe selection. They have some really cool choices and materials. I ended up trying on a pair of CAT (That's right, America. A construction brand now cutting some nice kicks) wingtips and loved them. They didn't have a specific color in stock, so they took down my information, ordered them right there, and told me they'd give me a shout when they would be in. Really stoked because they are some seriously sharp shoes and I know they'll last years on end. The staff is incredibly helpful. From someone like me, who isn't super comfortable with any sense of fashion, or for a woman looking for something her husband could wear to work, dinner, or casually, SilverFly is a killer spot to score some duds. Located next to Lotus in The Met.
2	To be honest I haven't bought anything here yet, but I've walked in and browsed a couple weeks after opening. Like many men I wear clothes. I don't know if I know enough to say that I have a style or know enough about fashion. I'm trying to change that so I visited for an afternoon. I was underwhelmed.Have other reviewers have indicated that had a wide swath of clothes: casual, more formal and the accessories in between. The interior is nice but I don't really look at shelves when I want to buy clothes.Selling men's clothing if anything like my sampling of friends falls into one of two extremes. Deeply knowledgeable and fashionable gentleman that know what they want and the clueless of whom I'm a member. So the knowledgeable likely know what they want&  the rest of us need that education. Maybe that creates a dilemma for for the staff, to walk the line between attentive & pushy. As a shopping experience here I didn't feel like I was ignored but the staff weren't as helpful as the price point of the merchandise would have you think they would be. I don't know anything about the brands they carry or got a sense from the merchandise to know if there is a distinctiveness or quality of the materials to indicate the price. What am I getting with a thin grey v-neck t-shirt that's over $40?  When I'm looking at pair of shoes made from sailing material I want to understand am I buying something that is fad for a year or something from which I can get 3 years of use. The staff just doesn't seem that knowledgeable to provide that education to make a buying decision easier.
5	I had the privilege of attending a lovely event hosted by the owners of SilverFly last weekend...Handsome male models and Wine....sign me up for that every weekend! It was my first time visiting here but everyone here made it so easy to see why a lot of people fall in love with SilverFly! Here's why I LOVE this place:1. I LOVE their concept. This store caters specifically to a man's personal style. There's serving up casual wear, denim, outerwear, shoes...and SO much more! Guys--for once it really is ALL about you and definitely worth checking out. 2. I LOVE that they support local businesses. The main reason I attended the event was to support one of my best girlfriends actually makes custom bead bracelets, that they sell at the store. Yay!!! What's not to love about a place that supports local vendors??? Awesome! 3. I LOVE that the staff and owners are exceptionally nice and very helpful. Just spending a short amount of time in the store, I could just see the passion and enthusiasm they showed to each client.This was definitely the norm here and the kind of customer service that keeps people coming back! Seriously GUYS, if you haven't been here you are totally missing out! If you are in The Met make sure to check them out!
