4	Oh Topshop. How we have a love/hate relationship. You may think, what is so special about this one that it deserves a review? Well, being the Scottish flagship store it is set over two glorious floors filled with the largest range of Topshop stock you will find this side of the border is what justifies the review.Filled with the latest accessories, underwear, shoes and clothes you will no doubt find your top to toe outfit in here. It may be slightly overpriced and not the best quality, but you already knew that. Plus all the cool kids are decked out head-to-toe in Topshop these days so you can do your best fashionista impression with the huge choice in stock. Being such a big store they are always pretty good for sizes, and if they don't have it, ask. If the shop assistant tells you they don't have it, they are probably just being lazy so ask someone else. Also, the shop assistants are always dressed to the nines, it must be fantastic to dress so elaborately to go to work. Your boyfriend will probably enjoy the eye candy too as they seem to employ a certain type of person. Once you have emptied your purse you can try figuring out how to get out as all the escalators go down and not up!
3	Regardless of age, culture, or sexuality, I find something very wrong about males who are heavily into fashion. Apart from ever showing the slightest hint of emotion, keeping track of what's hot on the catwalk is possibly the least appropriate behaviour possible for anyone in posession of a pair of testicles.Topman is designed to cater to this breed, and if you dress anything like the dummies in the window, you're trying too hard. They do however do nice and very inexpensive suits, will usually have a few less "out there" t-shirts that catch the eye, and my favourite jacket ever was a purchase from here a couple of years back, which sadly now smells a bit like wet dog.That would have been enough for four or on a good day, five stars from myself, but on a recent visit I found out, to my utter disbelief, that the only jeans they now sell are those skinny ones that make it look like you're wearing tights. Seriously.
4	Yeh Topshops are everywhere, and you know what you're going to get but this is one of the better ones. With two floors for Topshop and one for Topman it's a bigger store and has quite a good range of clothes. Admittedly recently the prices have started going up and the quality of materials used is definitely going down, but style wise is one of the best of the high street chains. Next and Birton are a bit dull, and whilst H&M is okay, Topshop/Man is a little bit more stylish. The staff are all pretty helpful and the store is layed out well. The new guys' changing rooms are really nice, but a little bit smelly when it's busy. The jeans and shirts are always pretty good, and they sell nicely cut suits. The t-shirts aren't such good quality though. A better offering from the Topshop peeps, it's not hard to see why this is always pretty full.
4	I think I'm still trying to work out who the demographic is for this chain. I guess it's going to be women between 15 and 25 who want to look hip and are rather small of frame and men between 15 and 25 who want to look like other men between 15 and 25. So lots of brightly coloured dresses and tops for the ladies and quirky shoes and accessories. Lots of skinny jeans and cardigans for the men. They have a surprisingly good line of cosmetics in the accessories department downstairs and I do love their hats and scarves. I was astonished to find a small maternity department but was not thrilled to the marrow with what was being offered. I tend to visit this shop for accessories and for the make-up because I am usually a size 18 when not pregnant and I'm far too old for these looks. I'm in my mid-40's with pretensions to being not altogether un-hip myself.
3	My wife really wanted to peruse Topshop since their stuff is only available online in the States and she doesn't want to pay exorbitant shipping costs. It's not necessarily a place I'd buy clothes for myself, but seemed like a cute and trendy UK department store nonetheless. Apparently they have personal shoppers available if you have nothing better to do with your money.
