3	This place is not bad for Vegas.  They have some good lunch specials and give you almost more food than you can eat.  However their prices are typical for Las Vegas sushi restaurants which I consider too high.  I moved here from San Diego and I'm used to tasty $6 lunches with a large variety of dishes to choose from (not a lunch special) and a large sashimi plate for $11 which runs around $18 here in Vegas.
5	Best All-You-Can-Eat Sushi in Vegas!!My friends from Vegas have been raving about this Sushi joint for months now and I finally got to see what the hype is all about.  If you are craving for sushi and sake, this is the place to be at.As we walked through the door, we were greeted by the whole sushi chef staff in Japanese and were soon greeted by Mikey, our host, server and bartender.  All-You-Can-Eat-Sushi is available all day. Lunch is $21.95 and dinner is $29.95 (i think).  We were there for lunch and you can order basically everything from the lunch menu.  Add another $10 and you can consume all the sake you want! Yes, that's all-you-can-DRINK sake with your all-you-can-eat Sushi which makes it a very dangerous combination.Unlike most all-you-can-eat sushi joints in vegas, this place doesn't regulate their 45 min limit rule and they don't force you to eat all your left over rice. Their sushi is super fresh and they offer plenty of specialty rolls.  You also have to try their pineapple infused sake...so smooth and pineappley....and a creeper!  Great idea for our next get-together at our place.Best highlights of our experience:1.  Fried Shrimp Heads: Crunchy and tasty!!!2.  Pineapple Infused Sake3.  Favorite Specialy Rolls: Double-D Roll and Mikey's Roll4.  Mikey our waiter was super cool because he kept the sake jar full.  Even had a shot with us.Must visit this place next time I'm in Vegas.  A short 10 minute drive off the strip and you will totally get your money's worth and more.  I don't even remember how many times I rubbed my belly after eating here so you know this place is DA BOMB...Pineapple Sake Bomb!
5	This place is now a MUST every time I head to Vegas.  Luckily, my best friends brother lives about 5 miles from this place.  All I can say is, ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI + ALL YOU CAN DRINK SAKI.  We usually go here as a group and have a blast.  My advice is to try new things off the menu that you haven't experienced before.  It's the best way to explore foods that you generally wouldn't order.Also, do yourself a favor and order some Baked Dynamite.  You won't be sorry.I'll be headed to this place during Super Bowl weekend.  Can't wait.
5	This is the SPOT!Groups...or individual."Spicy Shrimp Tempura" cut roll. I get this all the time...everytime.Sometimes have 'em add cream cheese.I miss one of the sushi chef's that used to work there. He knew my order as soon as I walked in the door!P.s. Bay Area....needs to step it up and get on the All You Can Eat boat.I'm so sick of a la carte. *exhale*
2	I really have mixed feelings about this place. If I were to base the rating solely on the all glorious Volcano Roll...this place would get 5 stars. Unfortunately I have to consider other things that detract from the love of one roll. I have been going to this place for years. My family from the east coast always request to go here when they are in town (which maybe more of a fascination with the AYCE thing.) I ate here a few weeks ago and was very sadly disappointed. The hubby and I sat at the sushi bar. The place wasn't busy by any stretch of the imagination yet the orders we placed took an insanely long time to prepare. We ordered Cajun albacore, hamachi, a volcano roll and a Todd roll. We also ordered shrimp tempura from the kitchen and calamari. We quickly got edemame and started to devour it. We then got our tempura orders. This whole time I am watching the sushi chef that took my order...chopping something for another dish, or to stock they're bar, or whatever. We waited 20 minutes for the Cajun albacore!!!! In the meantime another couple came in and ordered a roll. The same sushi chef that took my order...made a Philly roll and gave it to them....I just glared at him thinking when are you gonna make my sushi rolls???? My hubby (very mild-mannered and timid) was begging me not to say something. Then (under my constant glare) the sushi chef made our hamachi and the other 2 rolls. It took 30 minutes to get this little amount!!!!! Aside from that. I actually had to get out of my seat and go over to the waitress (talking to the other waitress) to get me a drink refill (much to the chagrin of my hubby.) I was never asked for a refill on any of the tempura orders ( which are included in the AYCE menu.) I honestly believe that they stall making your sushi so that you will: A) get pissed off and leave! B) get full quicker since you are eating slower, and therefore you eat less. C) run out of the 45 minute time limit and not be able to order anymore. This used to be such a good place, and such friendly people. I don't know if a new owner shook up the place or what...but it breaks my heart to say that I don't think I'll be going back here anytime soon.
5	I don't know what some of these of recommendations are thinking or even if they went to the same restaraunt as is listed on here cause this place is great.  Everyone is super friendly.  While some items do take longer than others (alot of the baked items take a little while to get out) everything is delicious.  I have been to bunches of different sushi restaraunts from Las Vegas to Pittsburgh to Richmond, Virginia and this is my favorite....BY FAR.      They also have all you can drink Kirin Lager and all you can drink Sake which is awesome.  Be warned though, everytime he and my wife go their we leave wanted to go into some kind of food coma.  The volcano roll is definitely the best!GO HERE!!!!!!!!!!
2	I am A  Japanese Lasagna sushi lover thanks to the 1/2 lb of cream cheese that smothers it. I came to this location seeking good Japanese lasagna and was very disapointed. It was terrible. I started off with tempura rolls which were very delightful, but tempura rolls are not that hard to mess up when it comes to making them either. After I had my tasty tempura roll I went to move on to the Japanese Lasagna and after eating 2 I felt sick to my stomach. The service was not good at all my server had to keep getting another woman that barely spoke english as it is to translate  to me. The location was not that great either, it  is stuffed in the side of a shopping center . I had to only give this location 2 stars.
5	I've had sushi all the F over this country and this place is right by my house and is BY FAR the best tasting sushi of all sushi I've had.Service is okay... sit up at the sushi bar and order the call you can eat... they only pissed me off once and that's when the lady said that they didn't have mochi, when I asked wtf??? She said that the price of mochi went up so they can't get it since it's on back order...going there again tonight so we'll see if the doughy ice cream balls rolled in powder sugar are back...keepin' my fingers crossed...
5	This is our favorite sushi spot in town! Must have the cajun albocore and the super white tuna w/ garlic ponzu!! The chefs are always happy to make special request and they also make delicous recomendations! Service is good, but not great. Green tea tempura ice cream is to die for! It's like it's battered in bluberry muffin mix. ?? Yummy!!
1	If your going to sit at the Sushi Bar these guys are great.  If your going to sit at a table, it's a toss up and to go - forget it.  Waitresses are incompetent at best, evil at worst and they treat To Go customers like dirt!  FYI -  I was a twice a week regular customer.   Been in LV for a year and this was my favorite Japanese restaurant for quite a while - then they changed management and Wow - rude rude rude.  Customer is NOT always right - customer is always wrong.  Girls cannot speak English but are taking your order over the phone - finally finish ordering and ask her how long (since it just took me 10-15 minutes to order), she says 15 to 20 minutes, they are very busy - so I say well please get my order in right away - she then goes into another long disertation (???) about how long it will take - I say that's fine just put my order in right away - again blah blah blah.  So now I am sitting in front of the restaurant (drove all the way there while ordering and she is still going on and on about how busy they are - their are 3 tables and NO ONE at the sushi bar.  I ask the sushi man if he has gotten my order and he says NO.  Mind you, now there are 2 sushi men just standing there with their arms crossed and my order was, you guessed it, sushi!  He says he will make it right away - 5 minutes later we are standing there waiting for one of 2 waitresses to take the money - meanwhile the waitresses are going around to the few tables involving the whole restaurant in this conversation about how rude I am.  Then the waitress who finally takes the money says (loud enough for all to hear), "you are a trouble maker, always complaining and we don't want to serve you!!!!  A customer then comes up and says "the customer is always right".  Bottomline, I paid $16.16 to be abused and lied to, all because I wanted my order given to the sushi man ASAP.  Plus they drove all the customers that were in the restaurant out by taking their argument to them (?).  Too bad, food is usually good and the Sushi Men are super nice - but the waitstaff are the slowest, rudest, non-english or japanese speaking ever!
5	Found this place through Yelp, and I'm glad to say I didn't go through any of the negative experiences other Yelpers did. The waitress was very kind and spoke English well, and took our orders quickly. The sushi was delivered in a short time and really hit the spot (my friends had Alaska rolls...yummy, but my Dragon Roll was FACKING DELICIOUS). And I happen to think that the prices are perfectly fine; $30 for three rolls is definitely not too much.
2	Being new to the area, I've been out scouting local sushi bars, and this one's only a block from home so I thought I'd give it a try. It's a tiny little place tucked into the far corner of a strip mall. You could drive by it every day and never know it was there.And honestly, I think I would just keep on driving. I stopped in for lunch on Saturday and there was only one other couple there. So you would think that would equal good service, but no, not even close. I hadn't even had a chance to sit down and take off my coat before the waitress was asking for my drink order. I decided on the AYCE sushi for $23.95.My sushi chef was mostly non-communicative and never even tried to strike up a conversation, even though I was his only customer. The sushi was about average although they tend to go heavy on the sauces which I hate. I had the volcano roll, which was a mess of mayo and fake crab slathered on top of California rolls. Luckily this was the last item I ordered so I didn't feel bad leaving most of it uneaten.Aside from the lackluster sushi, my major complaint was with the owner. During my meal, she was yelling at her employees and a supplier about an order. She was loud, rude and quite a bitch. I'm thankful she's not my boss, and I'm thankful there are much better sushi restaurants out there.
2	Huge portions!All you can eat sushi dinner is 29 bucks, which includes every roll even specialty rolls which is cool according to the friend that got it.I went with a tempura and beef rib dinner which was boring.I've had better, but could possibly return just because this is so close to my house, maybe the lunch specials are ok?
4	The sushi is good and cheap and that's all I care about.  They even have all you can eat at a great price.  It's hardly ever crowded, too.  The only complaint I have is that the service is slow, but I don't really mind it all that much.  A great spot to meet for lunch!
5	Go see Francisco and ask for the Adrianna Roll! It's not on the menu but is a specialty roll of his. He also makes a crispy jalapeno deal, ask for that. You won't be disappointed! I go there for happy hour when I don't feel like going far from home.
1	I am passionate about my fish and especially about my sushi.  This place made me sad.Ordered:MaguroSnapperSalmon Skin RollTempuraThe staff looked like they didn't want to be there and the food was bland.  The quality of fish was of concern to me.  The fish looked like it was sawed off.  The salmon skin roll was so so.  Not too bad but not too good.  I was seriously feeling bad that I dragged My GF here.  I'm gonna have to make this up.  They had AYCE but I had a hard ime eating what I had in front of me.  Then the Tempura came out.  All I can say about that was some parts of the veggies were burnt and they succeded in making a bland deep fried dish.  That's it, strike three, I'm through with anything that says AYCE.NLTR
1	Have you ever spat out your sushi? I did.Sushi on Summerlin had some potential.  it has a unique location, there isn't any wait for a table, and they seemed to have good specials.  Unfortunately, I now know why the specials are so low--the quality of the fish isn't as good as it should be.  When we walked in there was a couple in the far corner eating dinner, and the sushi chefs were standing behind the counter watching football on tv.  The one server brought us menus and took our drink orders as we sat ourselves at the counter.  We decided to do the usual sushi test--order the regular items that anyone would order anywhere else and compare it.  This is how it went:Maguro:  I spat it out.  I couldn't help myself.  The moment it hit my tongue I tasted that rotten fish taste from lack of proper refrigeration.  I hid it in the napkin and moved on.Snapper: It was okay but it was very bland and the rice wasn't even seasoned.  They just threw rice in the cooker and took it out to use it.  I never use soy sauce with sushi, and I had to with this order.Tempura: nope.  Nope.  Noooooooo.  It was done all wrong, came out burnt (look at the photo I posted) and was flavorless.  Their sauce was just brown liquid. After the experience there, we exited the restaurant and immediately headed to our regular spot to get that bad taste out of our mouths.  Luckily we did.  If you are looking for a sushi bar to go to around this area, please steer clear of this place.  I never return to restaurants that give me the gift of diarrhea, and I suggest you don't risk it.  Don't take any single opinion to heart, but if you read the other RECENT comments and they pretty much say the same thing, you may want to take it as a big hint.Sushi on Summerlin, if I could remove the star I provided on this review today, I certainly would.  You do not deserve it.
3	They are nice, fast and I didn't get sick. I gave them the stars I gave them for that. The sushi is sub par now even though years ago this place was awesome.I look at the good reviews and they talk about how easy it is to get a table. Hello? Don't you wonder why they aren't busy?The good news is that if you think this is good sushi someday you're going to try good sushi and be like WOW!!!
1	Lunch AYCE $25 45 minDinner AYCE 27 1 hourService was slow and waitress was not friendly until she brought the bill.  We are sushi addicts and we walked out after $27. 00 all you can eat still hungry. The fish looked and tasted old and the eel was burnt/crispy and dry.  Tasted as if the only seasoning they had to use was soy and mayo, very salty.
1	Evidently shredding imitation crab is too much trouble for these guys because now they put the imitation crab in a food processor and grind it up until it's just nasty, mealy mush. The fish pieces weren't fresh either. I brought my daughter here at her request and spent $62 on all you can eat when there was nothing that I wanted to eat after tasting the first bite. The first thing I ordered was a California hand roll for my daughter and a volcano roll for myself. Her roll came as a cut roll, which I asked them to take back since she is 7 and doesn't eat a whole lot. My volcano roll which used to be the best roll they had, came out as nasty, disgusting, gritty mush with some rice and eel sauce thrown on top. I literally spit it out when I tasted it. I left the nasty mush on the plate and was secretly daring them to question me about it. I then ordered a mexican roll which used to be so tasty with shredded crab and shrimp in a spicy mayo with avocado. Ugh again there was the appalling crab/grit mush in it. After the crab fiasco I decided to start ordering Nigiri. The yellow-tail was simply unrecognizable. It looked nothing like yellow tail, yet when I questioned the sushi chef he assured me it was. Ick! I ordered cajun albacore and was able to enjoy it a little since the ponzu sauce drowned out the not-so-fresh fish taste. I should have turned around and walked out when I first entered the place and it smelled like fish. The icing on the cake to this dinner was when my daughter and I tried ordering Mochi to be told that we can only get 1 per person. Really??? I'm paying $62 for nasty sushi and I can only have 1 effin mochi? I refuse to ever return to this poor excuse for a sushi bar. Just the thought of that night makes me want to erp.
5	Ive been here for so many times because I love how they give good service to me and my family. This place is actually one of my favorite sushi place. I love coming back to this place. the chefs are down to earth and cool as well as the servers. They might not busy as the other sushi places but its worth it! Serving good food and service what else are you gonna look for.
3	I have been going to this place off and on for a least 1 year. The quality use to be awesome, but as of lately not sure about some of the fish that is used. The waitress barely greets you and she comes to your table 3 time in 5 minutes when you ask her to please wait, she does not come back at all. I had to call her out. This is about par for all of the waitresses. They seem uninterested and only come when you glare at them.   The location is nice and it is a quick in and out. Hopefully they will see this and get busy making it like it use to be.
4	My family and I go to Sushi in Summerlin on a monthly basis, and they are so good to us here. We order all you can you eat sushi for an amazing price during happy hour (like 18.95), and the minute we sit down, the sushi chef is already bringing us stuff that we order on a regular basis. At the end, they always bring my little sister chocolate desserts, and they are incredibly quick.
1	Dude something has happened to this place in recent months, the quality is not what it used to be, the service is not what it used to.  I don't know if they had a change in management or what cause me and my wife used to go here ALL the time for the All You Can Drink Saki and Beer and All You Can Eat.  We don't go here anymore cause the qualify just went and crapped out on us.  Go to Sushi Bomb down the street
1	FYI, this restaurant has been passed down from 3 different owners. This review pertains to the latest owner, who has been in posession of the restaurant for about 2 years.The sushi chefs are sweethearts and have a lot of potential, but the owner supplies them with low quality ingredients. The fish tastes spoiled and the cooked dishes are rather bland. Service is extremely slow because there is only one main waitress. They have a new server there every 2 weeks or so. Atmosphere leaves much to be desired. There is no background music and the walls and curtain panels are very dirty. One side of the restaurant is closed because it is in disarray from torn barstools and wobbly tables. The majority of the clientele consists of thrifty old folk lookin for cheap eats. Price is very affordable, but u get what you pay for. Go to Yummy Grill & Sushi on Lake Mead instead.
3	Very surprised by the low rating of this restaurant.  I kept getting flyers in the mail advertising their 2pm-5pm "happy hour" with $20 AYCE sushi, and have been meaning to try it.  Went there yesterday with minutes to 5pm, and enjoyed my meal immensely.  It wasn't the BEST ayce place in Vegas, but it was definitely one of the cheapest.  The chefs there were friendly, too.  All that said, this was shaping up to be at least a 4* review.The problem is that after I sat down and started ordering, and had some edamame and they were already preparing my food... I was told they would not be giving me the happy hour price.  Supposedly their cash register turns off the happy hour prices at 5pm, so if you arrived at 4:15pm and spent an hour there, apparently you'd end up getting charged the dinner price once you paid.  Very deceptive, and I was not happy as I would have gone somewhere closer had I known it wasn't "seated by 5pm" but was rather "paid by 5pm."I will be back, next time probably at 3:30pm, so I can enjoy my meal for the price they advertise.
1	This place used to be very very good! Not anymore! Owners not very accommodative, refused to make changes to rolls on the menu....nothing crazy, just wanted a different type of fish. Fish not fresh. Will never eat here again!
3	I was craving Sushi and i remembered this place I used to go to.... I got the all you can eat, 23.99 not too bad, pretty much the going price for these places....  The decor isnt too impressive, kind of dated...  The food from the Miso Soup to the fried oysters, shrimp temura, sushi and sashimi ending with the green tea icecream was pretty good...  I would eat here again... Its not the fanciest but its worth a visit....
3	If you're not looking to travel far for all you can eat sushi, you should stroll over to this place. It's in an older plaza, but I never let appearances affect my decisions to eat somewhere. I've had some of the best food in my life in "hole in the wall" places. The beer and sake for all you can eat is not so tasty. The beer had a weird smell to it. But they do have a few rolls that were pretty good.  The top 3 I've had here -Mike's Roll - it's listed on the wallD-12? (I can't remember for sure, it's D something.)MexicanI'm big into anything unhealthy when I eat sushi. I like the fried stuff with cream cheese. The baked clams here are really good. With the reviews on here, I'm surprised. There were 3 of us and the service was extremely fast and good. They were all very friendly and served us promptly.The place was half full at 7:00pm on a Friday and it was full after we had been there for 30 minutes. It's not the best sushi in NW Las Vegas, but it's also not the worst. I had to sit here for 30 minutes and weight out 2-3 stars, and I finally decided on 3. You're welcome, Summerlin Sushi.
2	Friends suggest this place for $36 AYCE sushi and drink. The place is old and dingy the sushi bar is falling apart. To say service was slow is an understatement. It was 34 minutes after we ordered when we received our first roll. Fortunately, our Sapporo refills came at quicker pace. We tried numerous rolls Mardi Gras roll was most memorable. All were edible, though, none were particularly great. I was disappointed by the lack of heat and flavor. I'd rather get great sushi elsewhere and pay a few bucks for beer.
1	Wow..........this place SUCKS now!  I am remorseful about writing this review about what was a couple years ago, my favorite sushi place for AYCE sushi in Las Vegas.But damn, wait till I tell you how badly my last experience there sucked.Got there at 6PM, we were the only people in the restaurant except for two sushi chefs and hostess.We ordered a few rolls, and waited 25 minutes before we saw the first one.Then the rolls came out every fifteen minutes after we ordered them.And they were the tiniest rolls I have ever seen, and filled with a comical amount of rice, and almost no fish!!!!!!Our dinner basically consisted of an hour and a half of waiting around, punctuated by an occasional sushi roll every 15 minutes that was so crappy it was worthy of conversation for another 15 minutes.For the same money, I would go to sushi mon, osaka, or sushi loca.This place used to be my favorite little sushi place in Vegas, did they change owners or something?
4	I've been going to Sushi in Summerlin for almost 11 years.  I'm there once a week and they know me by name and what I like.  The sushi is fresh and they are always testing new rolls.  I prefer Sushi in Summerlin to Sushi Mon and Yama Sushi.
1	Worst sushi ever.. The Korean waitress was hot tho.  Seriously why is this place even open?  I think the guy making my sushi was not even Korean he was like Filipino or something. So weird...Save your money!
3	used to be my fave, but eh. They change owners a lot. Still I like the Mike's Mardis Gras and the Todd Roll. Tuna handroll, yum yumB used to make an awesome poke salad, but I haven't seen him there in a while.
1	NO - NO - NO....enough said. i have NO nice words.  We stopped here for dinner during the RAGNAR race last year.  The fact that the group of us had been running since 8am that morning and had just snack on nuts, fruits and supplements we were STARVING. um yea, my friend order seaweed salad, it came to the table and it looked like it was swimming in dressing.  the seaweed was soggy and rubber like, not CRISP and FRESH.  SUSHI - lots of rice, little fishWONTON SOUP - i would've been better off w/ a $0.17 pack of Top RamenNO BUENO, don't come here.  There many AYCE sushi places in the valley, try them out instead.  You'll be highly upset for wasting money at this place.YELPERS, start using yelp to your advantage. I will not name a competitor on a bad review but...there is a CHECK-IN deal for a competitor AYCE sushi spot on yelp.  I'm not saying but I'm JUST saying.  Cross streets are trop/decatur...
1	this place is now called Sasa Sushi.  Review to come later..... I used to go to Sushi in Summerlin all the time, but service went waaaay down hill.  I hope to have good things to write about the new place.  I will edit/review the new place as soon as I've tried it out.
