4	good guys.  they do good work and are prompt.
5	I've been using this shop for several years now, they've steered me straight on some major pool work.  They are always helpful and professional, fixing the cleaner when it needs it and recommending chemicals.  I believe it's a local mom and pop store, so I feel great keeping my $$ local.
5	This is a great little shop! I went in for recommendations on a pool pump after having a less than great experience at another outfit (let's just say they rhyme with "schmezlies"). These people really know how to take care of their customers. Their staff showed me an assortment of options for my broken pool pump, had reasonable prices on the best replacements, and even went the extra mile to help fix other issues with my cleaning system. Their pool tech (the guy who comes to install the equipment) was also knowledgeable and friendly, and was patient to explain what was going on with the current and future setups. Overall a great experience and now I can enjoy my pool the way it was meant to be enjoyed!
1	I have used this shop for a few years, but I have to admit I am not happy with their service right now, I had a Hayward vacuum that they fixed twice under warranty, and the same thing broke again - instead of perhaps considering I just got a bad vacuum I was told I had excessive use???? Really - how exactly does one use a pool vacuum too much?  I don't run it 24/7, its a small play pool and the vacuum is less than 2 years old.  Now they want me to pay over $200 and to be honest they weren't very nice about it either.  I don't think I will go back here.
5	My wife called and asked to have a quote to do some repairs on our pool pump (it had leaked over the winter from PVC joints at the pump).  The quote was to have the PVC joints replaced and remove unused connections from a now defunct chlorination system. Jeremiah provided the quote quickly and was very patient with questions.  He came out the next day and did the requested repairs and improved my pump performance immensely.   I couldn't be happier with the service.Chris has also been a big help in the past with a pump motor replacement and questions about installation.  These guys are the real deal, honest and helpful.  They do not over charge (my experience) and provide great customer service!
1	I wanted to follow up - I figured I would give these guys another try so I called the Pool shop again, to find out about getting the sand in our filter re-done & the owner said "you wrote a bad review about us on yelp so we won't work with you".  I was actually surprised - rather than take the opportunity to  earn my trust back they chose to lose out on potential business.  My husband actually figured out how to change the sand himself - saving us a bunch of money.
5	Awesome store! The employes make or break a business. These definitely make it. The best service I have had in 20 years.
