5	I have will power, I just choose to ignore it, especially when it comes to the delicacies offered by LGO! When I'm craving any sort of carbs, whether it be sweet or savory, I go to LGO. I especially visit the LGO Bake Shop for their English muffins, cookies and pastries! My waistline might hate LGO Bake Shop, but I don't care because these baked goods are worth every single calorie. The cookies are large and in charge and deliciously delectable. I especially like their chocolate chip cookies and one version has sea salt on top. I also like their oatmeal cookies. Now let me move on to their English muffins. When I eat their English muffins, I immediately assume they are baked in pure butter and that must be the reason they taste so good, but I recently learned that they aren't! They are actually baked in olive oil, but it just tastes completely buttery and amazing. I like to use these English muffins to make french toast. Try it! I will also simply toast one and then spread Better n Butter from Trader Joe's on top. Yum. I have yet to purchase a cake from LGO Bake Shop, but after seeing their creations, I will make it a point to purchase one the next time I have the occasion. In the meantime, I will continue to fulfill my daily sweet tooth cravings by purchasing different baked treats from the LGO Bake Shop!
5	Read on to the tune of "My Favorite Things" from The Sound of Music...Sea Salt on cookies and gluten free options Red Velvet Cake and brownies and muffinsGrateful Spoon Gelato to go on the sideThese are a few of my favorite things!Coffee and lattes and iced tea with orangesGranola and muesli and oatmeal and moreAll kinds of trinkets, cards and gifts galoreThese are a few of my favorite things!Friendly employees and moderate pricesCurbside pick-up for when in pajamasFresh ingredients that change with the seasonsI could go on for many more reasonsThese are a few of my favorite things!--I was feeling a bit creative with the above lyrics, but it's all true... I've been a regular customer of LGO for the past 8+ years since I moved to AZ and it never gets old.  Whether I visit for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or a snack in between, there is always something to "hit the spot."  If calories didn't count, I'd visit the bakeshop just as often as the grocery / pizzeria.  The beauty of the Bake Shop itself being inside the grocery, is that you can always admire all of the glorious pastries, cakes, cookies, etc... even if you decide not to splurge every time; but if you do choose to bite the bullet (or likely the cookie in this instance), I guarantee you won't regret it.  Enjoy!
5	Its too good to be around all that temptation.
5	Even though I am usually a very healthy and meal-disciplined person, I truly believe that food is the greatest comfort in times of need. Last night our beloved house dog (and my roommates dog) died. As much as I grieved for our giant fur-ball, I knew she grieved even more. So, as I always do, I went on a mission. I battled over an hour of traffic there-and-back to LGO and bought 8 desserts from their glossy window counter. I set them up all in a tray (pictured), made some green tea, turned on Breaking Bad and watched my roommate find some comfort in her shitty day.As we attached each of these desserts, here is what we thought.CHOCOLATE PUDDINGTop 3 on my list and one of my roommate's favorites. It tasted like a mix between chocolate pudding and a mousse- creamy, thick but not gelatinous like those boxed jell-o puddings. The whipped cream on top had some chocolate pieces that gave everything extra crunch. It was decadent but not overpoweringly sweet, a real winner.PEANUT BUTTER CHEESECAKEI had two bites of this and I was done, but my roommate devoured the whole thing. It tasted like creamy silky peanut butter on top of a thin layer of chocolate and a crumbled base. If you like peanut butter, this is the dessert for you. I felt like I needed a gallon of milk with it, but I still appreciated the texture and the craftsmanship if it. I was even surprised the sliced stayed upright with how soft the texture was. MAGIC!LEMON TARTThis one was my favorite of the lot. Although I internally bitched at why such a tiny little square cost $3.50, the flavor of each piece was so strong that I don't think it would have been possible for me to eat more than that. Strong lemon flavor, creamy texture, enough tart to pucker your face. This one needs to be eaten slowly and in small dosages, but it was incredibly delicious.CHEESECAKE COFFEE CAKEMaybe the least favorite of the lot but thats because i'm not a huge cake fan. I thought that the cake was super dense but it wasn't dry. The bottom half had a more cheescaky look and feel while the top was brown-sugar colored. The coffee flavor wasn't very strong, but it did feel like a cake that would go well WITH coffee- giving it a nice offset with the heavy and rich drink we all love.OLIVE OIL CAKEI have never had olive oil cake before so this was an exciting introduction. I love cakes made with oil because, like this one, they are so moist and fluffy and never ever dry. This cake had tons of moisture and a nice springy texture. The slight bitterness of the olive oil was present but very mild. I actually enjoyed it because it was sweet but not as sweet as we are used to with American desserts. The mild olive oil flavor made it slightly savory, which is a great flavor combo.BLUEBERRY SCONEAlright I must admit, I love love a good savory scone. Blueberry isn't savory, but this one wasn't sweet either. I liked the crumbly texture but I thought the dough could've been dryer and more crumbly while the blueberries juicier and sweeter. Granted they were baked in the morning and this was 5pm, I can't comment on if they would  be thaaaaaaat much better in the morning.PUMPKIN PIEDespite the "all American way" of eating Pumpkin Pie with fresh whipped cream on top, I choose to make small slits into mine and cover it with maple syrup until it seeps to the bottom of the pie. That being said, LGO did an adult twist on the American classic by putting booze in their whipped cream. Yup you read right: booze. Most likely brandy or bourbon. The pie was good but the whipped cream was insane. I would just buy a bucket of the whipped cream and top it on hot toddies, rum+apple cider cocktails and every fall drink. The few crumbs that were left were the cheesecake coffee cake, the scone and a tiny portion of the olive oil cake. Considering only 2 people ate it, I'd say it was a pretty big success- or that we are really good at eating. Either way, I couldn't be happier with my experience. My mission was to warm someone's heart with the comfort of sugar. I'm pretty sure I succeeded at it- thanks to LGO.
5	Best at everything!!!! Must try place:)
3	The food at LGO is AMAZING.  Everything on the menu is great, fresh and you can usually at least pretend it's not that bad for you. The coffee is also fantastic and the atmosphere is fun. I used to be a regular.I use the past tense because as more great restaurants pop up around the valley, I'd rather avoid the chaos.  Everything there is a hassle from parking to getting your food order to come out correctly to the take out.  Curbside pick up has to go and there has to be a better way to handle the big crowds.
5	[Shamelessly copy/pasting my review for the grocery over here since it's basically the same place.] A ton of great bakery options, even late in the day. I got a giant s'mores cupcake (~$4), a mini red velvet cupcake with edible glitter (~$2), and a "Mayan latte" (latte with cinnamon, ~$4). I also got to finish off my friend's strawberry and lemon gelato and they were super fresh and refreshing after the heavy chocolate cake. Everything was delicious!The store/grocery part itself had a lot more gift items than food, but there was plenty of wine and beer to choose from (though at slightly higher prices than a large chain liquor store). Tons of cute novelty things that were fun to look at before ordering dessert.There are about three different "locations" inside the one room - LGO Bakery, LGO Grocery, a gelato shop (Grateful Spoon), and then it's connected to the pizzeria. Something for everyone!
5	Had to stop in the bakery after having dinner and wasn't at all disappointed. The key lime pie was AMAZING and the gluten free Double chocolate cookie the next day was superb. I cant wait till my next visit.
