5	This park is tucked away just off college drive. Theres a nice playground facility with unique slides built into a hill , a huge covered picnic area with grills and plenty of tables, as well as several smaller more private covered picnic tables. These spaces all fill up quickly on weekends but theres plenty of shade trees to sit under, bring a blanket! There is a clean restroom between the playground and the water park. Oh, didnt i mention the awesome free water park? Today there were at least 50 kids running around in the many sprinklers and there was plenty of room for more. As a transplanted Easterner, Ive been extremely impressed by the quality of the parks in Henderson.  So many have these free water park facilities... This is the best one Ive found so far. There is also a ton of green grass, a big hill perfect for rolling down, a ballfield, tennis courts, and a basketball court!
4	This is one of my 2 year old's favorite places to go. It's all about the cool slides built into the hill, up to date playground equipment, and when it's hot outside the water features keep him very entertained. Henderson takes care of it's parks but this is one of the better ones in their system. 4 Stars without question!
5	I seriously love Henderson parks.  Parks are just not the same where I'm from.   It's not the closest one to me and there isn't a dog park here but it's a nice place to walk around with my dog on the leash.  The grass is so green and is always well maintained - you'd never know you're in a desert.  Garbage cans all around and the park is spotless.  There are 2 baseball fields, basketball courts, tennis courts, an awesome playground for kiddos and a splash pad.  There is a picnic area with a lot of tables, and benches are located around the park.  What a great place to spend time on a nice day.
5	We love this park.  We stumbled across this place in 2012, when we came for vacation, last July 4th.  They were not shooting fireworks off in the strip, so we googled where we could go, and came up with Henderson.  The park was great, had a real nice atmosphere...and the fireworks were awesome! We enjoyed it so much, that we decided to come back and do it again for 2013.
5	Came here for the St. Thomas More Chuch Picnic and Mass.  This is a great Park:a.  The Park - Off the exist of 95 and College Drive in Henderson NV. This is a rather large park, with a lot of parking several bathrooms, large picnic areas for large groups and special events.b.  Parking - Not only is parking spots available in the standard areas, you can park all around the park on the streets and the gravel areas that are not "finished".  Plenty of parking.c.  Events - This is an ideal park for events, you can apply for an alcohol permit as well and make this a real, real fest.d.  The Hours - you can even rent overnight for special occasions and a wide variety of different areas for rental. This is a great place for many events and if you have a large one, go for it.Just be careful, if it is windy, this place will be windy.  There is not much around it to block any of the wind. You cannot stake any tents so you wlil have to use water barrels or other forms of holding down structures.GK says go for it!
5	One of my favorite parks! It's off 95 south and College Dr,  I live off 215 and Rainbow and I drive all the way over here, my kids and I like the water pads. Plenty of seating, on grass under trees or seats by the BBQ. Never really crowded,  plenty of parking. A must if your in the area or a 15 minute drive.
5	Love that this place is right around the corner! We take the kids there and they have a blast. I had a birthday party there once and all the kids loved it (aged 1-16). They only downer was that the water park wasn't working and all my guest were hot for an hour. Other than that I only have positive things to say. I thought they used to have a fence around that water area? I think that would be nice.
5	Awesome place to walk your dogs in the morning!I love this park! It's huge and is great in the summer because they have a little water park. It has a hugeeeeee grass area as well as baseball fields, a basketball court, and a bunch of tables to have barbecues and parties!It's a good choice to run around and get your fit on.If you come in the morning, you can get a great view of the sunrise!
