4	Writing a review for a doctor's office is tough...For this reason, I've avoided doing so on several occasions.  If the front desk person is rude or there is a long wait or something goes wrong with insurance or the bathroom is filthy, etc... these things all come into play.  But the bottom line when reviewing anything health/medical related really comes down to one thing: whether or not the service provided by the doctor is to your satisfaction.Without going into too much detail, I recently went to see Dr. Klag at this office.  My first visit went smoothly and he prescribed a test and a follow up appointment.  I went for my test at another CVC office which was fine and then I returned to this office for my follow up with Dr. Klag.I will say that CVC does a great job at confirming appointments.  They have a service that does so and I appreciate the reminders.  However, it would be nice if someone could give some kind of warning when the doctor is running late.  20 minutes? fine. 30 minutes? not horrible.  an hour? please call me.  2 hours? are you kidding me?I checked in for my 11:10 am follow-up appointment a few minutes early - 11:05 to be precise.  I waited and waited and waited for my name to be called.  I struck up a conversation with a fellow around 11:50 that said he was still waiting for his 10:20 appointment.  At that point, I was really getting frustrated.  Sure enough, I finally saw the doctor at 1:15  -  over two hours after my appointment time.  I was frustrated but relieved to learn that my heart is fine.  And even more relieved when I texted Jared and told him "my heart is normal," and he responded with "well... i promise not to break it."I really felt comfortable with Dr. Klag and would recommend him if you're in need of a cardiologist but just be warned, you may have to wait a bit!  And my advice to CVC - perhaps you can notify patients ahead of time if the doc is running behind schedule?!
1	I feel like several other patients have already expressed that Dr.Klag is great, but his office people leave alot to be desired and that's putting it mildly. In june i was given a phone call telling me that i needed a CT scan right away. I informed the office person that i  was in their in february and Dr. Klag stated that he did not have to see me anymore and everything was fine.They kept insisting and calling me so i went and had the test which my insurance wouldn't cover.The result was when i went for the review with Dr.Klag of which he was 2 hours late for; when he walked in he apologized and asked why i was there.He stated that he had not ordered the test.So i payed $250 for a test i didn't need not to mention radiation.Now the story gets better because i decided to call billing because i thought why should i pay for a visit that i didn't need along with all the other factors.For three weeks i tried to speak to someone in billing and left messages for the Director of billing some director she would not return a call,her name is Linda Ellis.I own an Employment Company so i can say with authority this is one employee that should be fired pronto and does Dr.Klag a huge disservice. At this point its not the $65 for the visit it"s the whole idea that they don't know what they are doing and really don't care.There are alot of people out of work and i am sure someone else would appreciate those positions and do their job with pride.
2	I give this a 2 star review, only because I never got to see a doctor so I can not comment on the actual care. I didn't get past the front desk. What ever happened to customer service in an industry that is all about helping people? I guess if you want an appointment with this office you must block out a significant amount of time and be prepared to wait. The office people enjoyed telling me they placed people with later appts ahead of me. I won't be making another appt here.
5	I have been seeing Dr. Klag regularly for about seven years and frequently recommend friends to him. If necessary, I would quickly change my insurance plan, in order to remain a patient of Dr Klag. He is the best doctor I have ever had and I highly recommend him to anyone, without hesitation! Dr Klag's PA, Nancy Lowrey, is equally dedicated and gives her patients the maximum of attention regarding their health care issues.  As far as CVC goes, the front office staff at his 92nd Street office rate five stars as well.  They are consistantly friendly and efficient.  The staff at the Bell Rd and Fountain Hills offices have treated me with professionalism and courtesy anytime I visited their offices.  There have been times past when I thought the wait time was excessive, but that seems to have been addressed and I am very satisfied with the wait times I have experienced in my recent visits.
5	I've been a patient of Dr. Andy Tran for number of years due to my issues with the atrial fibrillation.  Pursuant to his recommendation, I underwent a cardiac ablation procedure to surgically correct the problem. The procedure was successful, and I have been essentially issue free for over three years. During that three-year period I have had numerous follow-up visits with Dr. Tran and his PA at the Princess office.  Without exception, the appointment was timely, and I never have had to wait more than 15 minutes to see the doctor or his assistant. In addition, both the doctor and the PA always gave me as much time as needed to answer all my questions and I never felt rushed or pressured to end the visit.  Dr. Tran is exceptionally qualified in his field of electrophysiology, very friendly, and obviously loves his profession.  Not only did I feel extremely comfortable being in their care, but I wish that I could share a beer with them.
