4	Good selection, but it will cost you.Multiple fridges of cold beer, but only the cheap beer is cold.Nice in person, but rude on the phone.Parking lot, but none of the customers understand how to park.Every good thing about this place is equaled with a bad thing about this place - hence it probably deserves 3 stars. I would really give it a 3.5 if available as this is currently my beer distributor of choice, but since its not possible I have to go with 4.Why 4 you ask, when I just went through all that 3 star crap? Any place that offers beer samples provided by attractive women gets a half star boost for sure, and as long as I'm going there anyway it really makes for a more interesting trip.After all, if you don't like free beer, you are probably a terrorist.
4	My beer distributor of choice - and there are others located closer to me.Let's be clear, it is no frills, cases of beer stacked up, limited cases in the cooler.  Selection is ok - if I were looking for something obscure - I wouldn't count on them having it.But they are helpful and efficient.  They have convenient hours and parking**.  Also they helped me out in a keg emergency that saved a party.  Service in a jam earns my loyalty.**Note - most of their customers have no idea how to park in said parking lot.
4	Great selection.  HOWEVER, only the cheap beers I've never admit to drinking are kept in the coolers.  So if you want local microbrews, seasonals, or even Blue Moon, you're going to want to leave time to chill the bottles before your next shindig.Having only acquired a taste for beer while living in Tennessee--where beer can be bought in grocery stores, gas stations, and shady alleys--the prices seem steep to me.  But I don't have much experience buying alcohol off-premise in PA, so I'm only deducting one star here.There is a parking lot, but it's small and everyone parks crookedly, so good luck  with that.
4	Ok. Full disclosure: I know NOTHING about beer. I'm a wine girl, or a hard-booze girl, but NEVER a beer girl. And yet somehow, I wind up being the girl who is sent out to buy beer for the party full of random people at our house who all like different beer.Here's a rundown of what happened on a recent night that this occurred at Pistella's:Me: ::wanders around for 15 minutes overwhelmed with beer choices, before giving up and going to the register::Dude working at Pistella's: Need help?Me: Yes. I do not drink this stuff, but everyone coming to my house tonight does. Help!Dude: Any idea what your friends like?Me: Umm... my husband likes to drink Dos Equis. My one friend likes 'lighter' beers. Oh, and I am broke because I just bought a lot of chips and salsa at Whole Foods.Dude: Girl just follow me. Here, we are having a sale on the Dos Equis variety pack. That has something for all of your friends. It even has a Christmas beer to make everyone get in the holiday spirit! You will be the hero of the party! And I will carry this to the register for you and everything.Me: Thank you!My friends, later that night: Girl you rock. We are all happy with this beer, and that leaves more vodka for you!So that is why I choose Pistella's when I am sent out on beer run: because there are cool dudes working there who will help me not come home with a case of Jacob's Best. (Nor does anyone give me crap for not understanding beer - I like that!)
4	Ha! The parking lot is good, and yet nobody can ever park properly or politely! This is a good distributor that is conveniently located, well-stocked, and has friendly staff. It is a little unfortunate that the only cases that are kept in the cooler are the less exotic beers, but their selection is fairly broad, and the space is small, so I won't dwell too much on that. Overall, a decent beer shop, as long as we are shackled to the idea of the distributor here in PA.
3	I stopped by here on my way home from whole foods market. They had just paved there parking lot which can only fit 3 max cars at a time. It was not as big as the one I normally shop at in Penn Hills. They are a beer distributor and have a way hugger selection. But they serve all of penn hills so go figure.I was looking for a gluten free beer which they had four kinds including cider. The prices were crazy expensive. $35 for a 24 pack of cider. NO way!! I had to buy it though cause it was sunday at 4:30 and all the stores close at 5 so i had no choice. I should have waited but i drove all the way here to get it so I should just buy it while i'm there. Aside from the money issue this place was just ok to me.
4	We are fans of Pistella Beer Distributors simply because we needed beer one night while visiting some friends and family in Pittsburgh and they happened to be on the way to something we were doing.  It's a hole in the wall kind of facade but they do have a good selection.  I don't remember the price being that expensive but looking at the average review so far...it shows $$$$.  I'm sure they have some nice stuff, but we just got a case of beer (I think one of those Magic Hat variety packs) and it seemed similar to what we would pay in the other stores.  Anyway, we had a good experience with this place and don't really have anything bad to say about them.
4	This is my go-to distributer. They have a great selection and lots of hard to find brews. I haven't noticed that it's any more expensive than going elsewhere but honestly if I don't buy here then I'm buying six packs which as we all know are a huuugggge rip off. So any time I have a case of something I love I feel like I'm getting a bargain. The cold selection does suck so I try to plan ahead and have what I need already cold. Staff here are all very helpful- and will have recommendations if you ask.
5	In my opinion, this is the best distributor in the city. The people running it are great, the selection is very good, and the prices are competitive with almost any other place I've been to. Because I'm not too picky, I typically have been stopping right at the front to buy the discounted brew that's usually out of season. You can't beat buying a case for $12.99. I'll continue to go here for my beer needs until I leave the city.
4	Love these guys! I have a huge picnic every year for my job, and I always use Pistella for my beverages.  They're nice folks, always get the order right, and it's on time.  I've also been to the store itself many times, and they do indeed have a great selection.
5	Love this beer distributor.  They always have what I'm looking for. The workers are extremely nice and always willing to help. Best one I've seen by far.
