5	My only experience here was when my friend's car broke down a mile away. I called them and they sent two people to help her get her car to their shop, they located the part, and the repair was reasonably priced. They really went the extra mile (no pun intended) and I was impressed!
5	Highly recommend! Went in to get new brake pads and rotors turned. They said pads and rotors were fine and I didn't need any work done . Very honest people! They will always have my business! There was no charge at all. Can't say that to often about auto repair shops!!
3	Bo Knows what he is talking about.hey do everything , except body work. Great for emergency tire repair/replacement.Cheaper than Stamp Auto, I can tell you that much.  Professional service and attitude.  Fast service, considering they are ALWAYS busy with customer.  Willing to work with the customers on repairs and costs.  Conveniently located in STV, if you are a resident (its better than driving to Gilbert/Mesa) and will be cheaper.  I had front brakes replaced. They could have charged me more for my 2 SUVS, but gave me a good deal and charged me regular price for premium package/deluxe package.  Only problem I have wit Bo Knows....one of the mechanics obviously did something to one of my trucks.  I now have a slight leak of red fluid (transmission) right after leaving the lot. My other SUV: requested the old parts and the mechanic did not provide us with all of the old parts as requested. No big deal, but makes me wonder about them....BONUS:If you have to wait on your vehicle, they will offer you a ride home if you live in the area.If you prefer to stay at the shop, you can go eat at the China Moon restaurant, Filibertos, Dunkin Donuts or Mc Donalds.   (Yuck to all of them though).  LOL.  Anyhow, they are within walking distance.  There are two gas stations on the corner, a Walgreens, Nail Salon, Pawn Store and other shops in the area that you can literally walk to within 2 mins.I recommend BO KNOWS, as of early 2014....but you know how service changes over time....UPDATE  JULY 2014:  As stated in my review previously, I have BRAKES replaced, came home to find Transmission Leaking ..... I would really like to know what the mechanic did ...I do not believe I will return there as something similar happened with my other vehicle  (came in for one thing, left with a leak)    :(   BEWARE!!!
