5	What a great surprise stumbling across this bank!  Open 7 days a week with lobby serviceI have banked with the Mega Uber Banks and have been nickeled and dimed (literally) with service fees.I opened both a savings and checking account here.  Since my company does not offer direct deposit the associate told me I would have to have a traditional checking account with service fees.  I'm thinking - here we go again.  But it was one of those think on your feet moments.  Off they went (I'll assume to get approval).   They let me open up a type of checking account that only charges you for check printing - No other fees and pays interest.  In fact, if you use a non-MidFirst Bank ATM, they will refund you the service fees.  How refreshing with the current state of banking.
3	I agree with the first reviewer........however, they advertsied an e-checking interest rate of 3.04% on balances up to $20k.  I specifically asked before signing up if this was a promotional or "teaser" rate to which they said "no".  Surprise, surprise, they cut it ot 2.02% before the end of their first month in business.  I don't think the branch people "knew", they certainly seemed to feel bad and said they were taking lumps from customers.  Still 8 times better than the rate I was making on that $20k.
1	Watch out. This bank charges $14 per month for not maintaining a $10,000 balance.
5	Midfirst Bank is for a higher class level of customer, and it must be understood that they are looking for a customer that is going to have some turnover.  if you are expecting just to throw some money in an account and forget about it, you will, in return, be charged an upkeep fee on that account.  If you use your Midfirst account every day as a Checking Account, then it is quite simple to keep the fees down, or even remove them entirely.  That said, this location is awesome, I've never had a problem coming in here and depositing checks or cash. The style of the place is very artistic, and it's worth stopping in to talk to a representative just to admire the architecture.
