4	I come to this AM PM for the Pit Stop car wash adjacent to the AM PM.  I've been here several times.  Today, my car was so damn dirty from driving 60+ miles on dirt roads in Death Valley, and it needed a good wash.  I had earned a free car wash put the previous visits, so today was a good day to cash the free one in.This is a standard soft brush wash.  It's towel dried at the end and I pay to have the tires cleaned.  It wasn't very busy this morning, so the one guy drying the cars did a great job on everything!I'll return here often.
5	THE best car wash on this side of town.  Friendly and hard working staff, my car always looks great and it's done at a great price.
4	This is my go to carwash place when I just want the outside done, love the towel drying.
4	Stopped by here today for the first time. If I'm in the neighborhood again and need a wash I'd stop by here again.Staff was fast and friendly. The price was decent. And my car looked great!
5	This station seems to be the cheapest place on this side of town to get gas. I've been coming here to get my cars washed ever since moving to Vegas last year. For $11, you can get a Supreme wash, which includes wax. If you get 10 washes, the 11th wash is free. I used to wash and wax my cars up the street for half the price, but that was a self-service wash, and I had to dry it myself. For a few extra bucks, you can get that AND towel drying, and be out of there in about 10 minutes or less without getting out of the car.
3	It was the early bird special that caught my eye, $5 carwash is a pretty good deal. I ended up going for the "mid level" package, which was only $7, because I wanted the tire dressing. When I swing around to the back there were a couple of cars in line because they had to pay... when I got up to the window there was no one there and I had already paid so I followed the other cars. Well, as it turned out, the cashier was also the prep guy, and he was a bit snotty in asking if I'd paid and acted a bit put out over having to go back and mark my receipt. I don't know if he marked it wrong, our what, however the tires DID NOT get "dressed." So, my advice would be: question & verify that you get what you pay for.
1	The good thing is only towel drying. Nothing different between $7 wash and $9 wash. They do not care about heavy dirty like dead fries around lights and front bumper.
1	Went to Paseo verde location
1	DO NOT GO HERE!! The attendant at the beginning of the wash after you pay was so rude, he braked at me to put my receipt in the window with a "How could you not know that you big idiot" voice, then he banged on my window and said "Is your car in neutral??! Is your foot of the break??!" When I proceeded to show him that I had done both he said "oh it is now?" In a very condescending voice. I was so uncomfortable I'll never go back.
1	Its cheap but yoy 100% get what you paying for . I went there first time today I jad to wait to get in when it was no line in front of me . They put my car through washing and it needed little finishes guys who supposed to do that done terrible job my car was still dirty 9 $ to the trash .
