5	I'm a new home owner and have done A LOT of searching around looking for the best price and best product. Del Sol Furniture has the BEST prices for the same product all of the other furniture stores sell!!  And their customer service was great. I didn't feel pressured or like someone was breathing down my neck the whole time while in the store either!! I ended up buying a sectional that was featured online. Ingrid took my order and was very prompt and detailed. My order was placed the same exact day and I'm expecting it to be delivered in two weeks (that's the date I chose, they could have done sooner). Delivery cost was also very reasonable compared to other furniture stores. I'm very excited to receive my new piece of furniture. I will be placing my dining room furniture order with Del Sol as well and any other furniture I need for my new home.
5	I just bought a new home and lucky for Del Sol I was looking to furnish most of it. I walked into their store hoping to find everything I needed. They had a great selection, including a good amount of electronics. The sales reps were friendly and didn't make you feel pressured or follow you around while you looked, like in most furniture stores. Unfortunately, I didn't find anything I liked but I was told Del Sol has an extensive catalog online with up to date pricing. I did my research and found that they had competitive prices and beat most of the local stores in their pricing including Ashley. The set that I bought was almost $300 cheaper than the Ashley store :) Happily, I placed my order and it was delivered to their warehouse within the week. When I arrived I found that they had opened my goods for inspection and there was a slight defect in my sofa. They offered to order a new one or send a tech to fix it in my home at my convenience. I opted for the techs to come out and I was able to schedule a repair for a few days later but with my work schedule they were able to service me on a weekend instead, the techs were very friendly and professional, they fixed my sofa in a jiffy. My repair looked like new, with no signs that it had been opened up and fixed. I am a happy loyal customer of Del Sol and would recommend this company to anyone that enjoys a wonderful customer service team and saving money.I paid for my furniture cash but I was told from one of the sales reps that they offer financing for those that don't have cash on hand and want to establish credit. You're welcome.
5	We worked with Ingrid, she was amazing. Always kept us up to date with delivery and stock on our furniture order. Delivery was great too! Very professional. We will use them again on our next project.
5	Awesome customer service and friendly staff!!! Thanks Adriana for a smooth and speedy transaction!
5	I worked with Cynthia who helped me purchase two brand new sofas and she was so amazing!  There was no pressure to purchase something and Cynthia was so attentive and super friendly and nice.  I read all the reviews online through Yelp and Google reviews and Del Sol Furniture consistently received excellent ratings so I pulled the trigger and purchased two contemporary sofas I found on their website.  If you're looking to furnish your home, I highly recommend Del Sol Furniture for their no pressure, excellent, and family oriented customer service.  Del Sol Furniture is not a big box store and it's a great way to support a Phoenix only establishment.  Their prices are outstanding as well.  Much cheaper than the big box stores.Thank you Cynthia and Del Sol Furniture!
1	We were very impressed with Del Sol's website.  We were looking for a round table dinette set.   The website featured dozens of sets and claimed they were on display.  We drove 40 miles to the 32nd street location.  The salesman showed us 2 sets and said they did not have any more on display.  He than handed us two catalogs and left us to look through them.  He then picked up the phone and seemed to be having a personal conversation.  When he finished his phone conversation we asked a question and he could not answer.  He said we could special order the set and if we didn't like it they would refund all but $100.00.  I asked to speak to a manager and was told she was out to lunch.  The salesperson was not knowledgable, nor interested.  We felt their website marketing was misleading and the service was awful
