4	Great pizza. I love the buffalo chicken pizza. Great happy hour especially on Sundays. Enjoy coming here always.
3	I went here with a friend, which is probably the best way to eat pizza... you can order a single one and share it. Except we couldn't... my friend has a "no vegetables" restriction on pizza and I wanted at least some Kalamata olives or onions. So then we would have toppings only on half. Then we decide to order individual pizzas. *sigh*The only way Uno is at fault is that they actually have Kalamata olives along with many other yummy topping choices. I ended up having the Mediterranian flatbread pizza, which was decent as far as pizzas go. I only give three stars because their pizza is not something particularly special, but nonetheless executed acceptably.
3	the pizza is pretty greasy - that's not a bad thing, but the deep dish can come out tasting like a notch above pizza hut.the restaurant is nice and big, and has even more seating on front (facing Mill Ave.) and back (facing centerpoint theater) patios. I rarely see them seating on the back patio, i dont' think it ever gets THAT busy.the used to have pretty good HH specials, like half off apps and half off draft beers and well drinks. it's been about a year since i went, so don't hold me to that. they have a large bar seating area, with booths, so if you're required to sit in the bar area to get HH specials it's not a pain.while dining on the patio once a bird literally crapped right on my plate, which was funny because i had just been told by a friend who worked there that when that happens, they don't HAVE to do anything about it (like give you another meal or a refund). but i was cool about it, not a jerk, and the server happily took it off the bill ( i was pretty much done eating anyway).good little mill ave pizzeria with lots of action to watch if you're not feeling particularly discrimantory about really great pizza.
4	C'mon, it's deep dish Chicago-style pizza in Arizona. I'm not about to complain. Forgo the appetizers, unless you can eat alot of food. My friend and I came here after our 5K run. I packed away three mouth-watering slices of their signature pizza. It was so worth it. If I could have eaten more, I would have. Forget thin crust or flat bread. Thick crust pales in comparison. There's nothing else like deep dish, and I'm glad there's an easily accessible joint in my 'hood that I can go to when I need my fix.
2	"Why do I do it?" I sit here thinking to myself over and over... I know the food is horrible, I know the service is slow... "Why do I do it?" I know they always mess up my order and then over charge me. "Why do I do it?".. My Monday not being bad enough yet I decided to go to Uno's for lunch today. I hate this place, but it is directly across the street from my work so it'll usually do in a pinch..... NOT ANYMORE. Here are just a few reasons you should stay away:Had to wait 40 minutes for the 10 minute lunch specialPizza arrived cold and chewy (I think I may have lost a filling)Never got my soupMy friend ordered the spinach salad and by the time it came out the spinach was wilted from the hot chicken on top that had obviously been hanging out too long in the kitchenThey charged us dinner prices for the lunch specials and then seemed confused when we pointed it out (Why would I order the Monday lunch special, but pay for the dinner portion...)We asked for change (for two twenties) so we could split the bill. The waiter looked at us like he had never heard of this practice... You mean just get change and not pay??...?? Genius.
1	Why do I keep returning to UNO restaurants??Oh yeah, because I am a borderline alcoholic and I like their happy hour specials, but that is where it ENDS.I always thought the one by my house was just poorly managed and probably not indicative  of the rest of the chain... WRONG.This place has the NASTIEST restrooms, consistently, and smells like shit throughout the restaurant. Never again.
2	Visited UNO on the recommendation of the concierge at my hotel. Parking was a hassle, the restaurant appeared clean but was a slight smell (not a good thing) to the place. I was seated quickly and my drink order was taken. The bartender was great about refilling me. My order was taken and it was a little slow to come out--the place wasn't that busy.The chili was barely warm and too cheesy. I would have loved more chili with my cheese (you know what  I mean!).I decided on the Tortellacci and it was a poor choice. It was dry, tough and boring.
2	My grams surprised me for lunch today. How sweet! She chose Uno's, I think they should change their name to Ohno's. Had the chicken sandwich, bread was stale. Grams had the fish and chips and they never brought her ketchup or vinegar even though she asked 3 times.  Her friend ordered a deep dish and the bottom of the pizza was still doughy.I don't think this place will ever get it right.
2	Sorely disappointed.  I used to be a fan, but this barely half-full(at high noon on a Monday!) restaurant just doesn't cut it anymore. Wait staff was sub-par, food was average, and the prices still conveyed the idea that the management thought they were awesome.Parking is a royal pain in the butt -- and has clearly had an effect on other nearby businesses.  (This part is no fault of Uno's as far as I know).If given a choice for a tasty business lunch, look elsewhere.
2	Work on Mill Avenue so visit Uno's about 1x/week as its really close to my office.  The manager Jay is really a great guy so makes visiting their often a good experience. It's a pizza place so I am giving Uno's only 3 stars because their pizza is horrible.  I stick with their soup and salad lunch special and that is good.  I really like the clam chowder soup.  The rattlesnake pasta is also pretty good. I am from back east so maybe a Pizza Snob but if I wanted cardboard pizza I would order Domino's and save a few $$$,Wow just saw this review of best and worst Pizza's to eat.  Check it out at http://health.yahoo.com/experts/eatthis/36451/the-best-and-worst-pizzas-in-america/ and Wow the Uno Chicago Grill Chicago Classic Deep Dish Individual Pizza is 2,310 calories and 165g fat.  Oh my.  Guess I won't be ordering that again.
