4	Aside from serving the usual offerings of coffee, snacks and an evening tipple the Cameo bar turns out to be an all round good place to relax. Twinned with the Cameo Cinema the bar can be busy in the evening. However, during the day you'll find a select few beaming a sly smile on their faces as they, like me, know they've found a quiet place to study or relax for the afternoon.Nice interior too.
4	I'm really keen for the dark, slightly dodgy but not really setting of the Cameo Bar, in its alleyway home near Tollcross. This is more than just a bar that's connected to a cinema, it's a really great little bar in its own right, and I would definitely come in here for a cheeky few whether I was going to the cinema or not. If you catch the bar at the right time, and quiet chit-chat plus a pint is what you're in the mood for, you can grab yourself quite a peaceful drink in chilled out surroundings. But if bustling and banter filled is your preferred state of drinking affairs, then you'll find that here too. You can also grab some panini or soup type fare and other snacks if you're peckish.
4	There aren't really any beardy weirdy, clever clogs music bars in Edinburgh, so I suppose the cinematic version will have to do as the next best thing. Joined on to The Cameo, I'm sure you know what kind of punter to expect and conversation you'll be overhearing inside. Has Korean cinema lost it's soul? What were the political metaphors in Hitchcock's early work? Does that shop on Leith Walk really sell thalidomide pornography under the counter? Such highbrow topics are regularly breached over a pint of pisswater in The Cameo bar, so don't pipe in with chat about which is your favourite whore from Sex and the City, or you will be ridiculed.
5	This is my favourite bar to go to for a quiet drink. Though it's attached to the Cameo Cinema, you don't have to go there only if you're going to the cinema. Because it's normally associated with the cinema, it's almost guaranteed to have seats. It's not just good for a drink, it's also pretty good for a cup of coffee or tea during the day. It's a bit darker than I'd like it to be, but it's still got a great atmosphere at any time of day. It also serves as an exhibition space, and I've seen some pretty good artwork there. That plus all the oldschool film posters makes for a good vibe. They normally have wireless, though if your laptop isn't charged, don't go there to use the internet, as they're not actually allowed to let you charge your laptop or other electronic equipment there. They also have a few hot paninis and the sort to munch on there, as well as cakes and biscuits and nuts. Definitely drop by here if you want somewhere quiet to go, even if you're not going to the cinema. The staff are really friendly and have brilliant taste in music.
