4	I have been awaiting lab results, post biopsy, for an entire month! This office has ignored the urgency of not only the biosy results , but they have not even bothered to call. I would NOT recommend this group of physicians to anyone.....as I continue to sit and wonder whether I have thyroid cancer!
5	Biopsy observations were sent to various locations and physicians. Upon reflection, I have confidence in this group of Doctors. They are ultra thorough, and do extensive research before reaching a diagnosis. I would especially recommend Dr. Daniel Duick!
5	Having spent much of the last year shuttling back and forth between doctor's office, I always appreciate going to a practice that is well run and well staffed.  That is definitely the case at Endocrinology Associates.  I met with the doctor, had a thyroid ultrasound and bloodwork done within an hour (they have an on-site lab which is super convenient).  Dr. Harari called me personally less than 48 hours later with my bloodwork results.  Definitely recommend!
1	Don't go here! They make you wait an hour before you see a doctor. Then when you see the doctor they spend like 5 minutes with you and basically say nothing. They made me do a bunch of blood work and never said what they were doing. Just charged me for a bunch of tests I did not need. Now I have a $489.48 bill and I still don't know anything. They are rude and unprofessional.
1	Stay away! If you want a Doctor who listens, do not go to Dr. Mishra. If I could put zero stars I would. I had a horrible experience at this office. I work in the medical field so my frustration was even higher. I arrived 20 needs early as requested when I made my appointment. I had previously filled out my paperwork so I was ready to go. My appointment time came and an hour and 20 minutes later I still had not been seen. I went to speak to the receptionist who was quite rude and said "Well, you're next" in a very snippy tone. I waited 20 more minutes then was called back. The medical assistant did not introduce herself, she just started tugging at my arm to get a blood pressure. It was of course really high because I was angry. When the PA came in, she listened and was patient with my concerns. We had a nice conversation about what I was needing. This made me think maybe the wait was worth it. She left and said the doctor will be here soon. I waited about 15 more minutes for the Dr. Mishra, she came in and abruptly started telling me what she wanted to do, didn't listen to anything I said, made rude comments about my weight, told me I need bariatric surgery because I "won't be able to maintain long term weight loss without it." Sounds like she has a lot of faith in her patients. Then suggested medications that aren't used for my disease, she said she was putting me on a list of meds and doing 10 different lab tests. Then she got up and walked out. I spent maybe 4 or 5 minutes max with her.  I didn't not have a chance to ask her any of my questions, she didn't write any of the prescriptions she mentioned. When I asked about the scripts, they told me she was with another patient and would call me. I highly doubt that. I felt brushed off and really insulted. I will not be returning to this office ever and I encourage others to stay away!
1	STAY AWAY! I waited four months to get an appointment (imagine if I was dying?!?!) and then sat in the room for over an hour before Dr Duick came in to see me. He never once looked me in the eye! How disrespectful! He flipped through my records and told me he didn't need to see me anymore because I didn't have what all the other doctors said I had, and to wean off the medication. BUT he stressed to make sure I set appointments for the next year, every three months to see him. Seriously?! WTF would I come back? I don't even know what color eyes you have and you didn't listen to anything I tried to say in the 2 minutes you were with me!!!! They drew blood and it took 3.5 weeks (one week of me non-stop calling), to get the results, and all they said was, I was fine. ughSo I had an episode about 5 months later and wanted to verify that nothing happened with me coming off the medication. I had to come in at 7am, which the doors were still locked and the nurse was taking her sweet time, like we are all on HER clock. She drew my blood fast (the only bonus there), and I didn't hear anything for another 3 weeks. Well, I was in the ER the night before my blood was drawn, puking my guts out. Again thank goodness I wasn't SICK or DYING!!! So when I called, the assistant, Christian, said in such a sweet voice "Oh I'm sorry you were so sick, but I can't give you your results until we see you in the office". I had just resigned from my job, so I had short term insurance, and I asked how much the visit would cost. He told me it would be $130, but he could give me a 5% discount (this was after he called me back....had to ask his boss about that whole 5% discount!). I told him it was my right to receive my results, per HIPPA, and he still tried to convince me that I had to spend more money to get my own test results. BUT, two days later I got a bill for my results! Oh I was livid! When I called them again (had to leave a message because you can NEVER get a person immediately), he told me the same thing. Well I wrote a nasty note to them on their bill and still haven't paid it. How disrespectful to your patients and their privacy! Even my main doctor tried contacting them and they told him the same thing! How rude! Please find another endocrinologist to spend your time and money with. I wouldn't want anyone else to go through the experience I did!
