4	I had to check this place out, seeing as how it was within walking distance of Firefly, and it's called Funhog Ranch!!! I mean, how can I go to Vegas without telling people I've been to the Funhog Ranch??!! It sounds so dirty and the logo is of a gay cowboy riding a pig!! You can't get much better than that!This is a good local, after work, gay bar (which in Vegas means slightly divey). It looks like crap on the outside, but on the inside it's basically a rec room from the 60's (reminds me of the old R Place in Seattle when it was on Pike street). Lots of wood (lol!). I mean wood paneling. Sheesh. The monitors over the bar seem to play softcore porn and commercial television at the same time. When I was there they were showing highlights from the International Mr. Leather whatever bullshit (eww!) on one monitor and a home improvement show on the other!The bartenders/servers were friendly. Jukebox leaved a lot to be desired. All-in-all a good place to hang out.
3	Kind of sleazy and run down though fun and accessible. If you don't smoke this place might be a problem.. it gets pretty smokey in there and you will wreak when you leave. Otherwise the drinks are well priced and there are certainly some hot f*ckers in there!
3	This used to be an IOWA bar with the BEST tenderloin sandwich in all of Las Vegas but it changed ownership and they closed the kitchen. I hear it is now a gay bar.
5	This is my favorite gay bar in Vegas.Well drinks are cheap and poured strong, it's not too big,  and there are booths if you like to hunker down with some friends.The crowd is a good mix of regular joe types to bear types and it's busiest on weekends.
5	This is one of the most friendly bars I have ever been to!Pros:Cheap drinks (ridiculously cheap 2 for $6)Friendliest BartrndersHot LocalsReally nice door guyCons: SmokeyI would go alone or go with friends... Great Vegas!
3	Your basic, friendly hole-in-the-wall gay bar, with good, cheap drinks. My friends call it "Cheers for Queers", and if you're a regular, everybody knows your name.  A bit more macho than most; catering to the traditionally masculine guy, you see lots of blue collar types; but everyone is made welcome by the friendly bartenders. As mentioned in other reviews; it can be very smokey if it is crowded.
5	As a resident of Silverlake, Los Angeles I'm ALWAYS down with the dive bars. This is a simple, friendly, inexpensive neighborhood bar where people come to hang out. And I'm sorry but you just can't beat the name, LOVES IT! If they made T-Shirts I'd buy one for everyone back home. Just a suggestion to the management. I imagine this place gets pretty rowdy on the weekends with all sorts of delightful debauchery. It kind of reminds me of a saloon from one of those old western movies.The indoor smoking is kind of annoying but its legal in NV so it wouldn't be fair to deduct points for that.
3	My husband works in the area and after his first day on the job, he came home and said "I just found a bar we have to go to - guess what the name is - FUN HOG RANCH!" Haha, well with a great name like that, we definitely had to check out the ranch. (PS, management, i agree with Alex W - T Shirts would be a hit!) Turns out it's your pretty standard dive bar, but with a tougher gay crowd. Jukebox on the wall and cheap drinks behind the bar - that's about all you need to know.
3	Pros - Astonishingly heavy pour for cheap, friendly bartenders.Cons - Location (unless you have a car) can be a little scary, heavy on the locals who seemed to stay close.Otherwise, the place is close to the Strip (I actually walked back to my hotel, which I would not do again, but it's doable) and does have a friendly relaxed air about it.  I was there early on Halloween (10pm).  The locals were getting it on.  What struck me funny was that so many guys were in leather gear, harnesses, etc. and that was the "costume."   Give it a try.  My visit was a one off, so it's not fair to say much more.
5	My favorite bar is all of Vegas. Laid back, STIFF drinks, hot bartenders, the sexiest pinball machine in the world and amazing specials. Avoid the fruit loop and the Sahara slum gayborhood. This is a great place to start the night and you'll end up staying.
4	While in Vegas celebrating my BDay my bf and I decide to check this lil spot out, based on the reviews we read online. After an ambitious walk from Paris Hotel and Casino we ended up at a very dense neighborhood and found Fun Hog Ranch.  After grabbing a economically friendly drink and finding a seat the friendly locals and staff made us feel right at home. I wish the location was bigger but I love dive bars such as this. We got some "Fun Hog Ranch" T-shirts and we made some great friends that night. Friends I know we'll have a long time.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Where you go for a REAL cocktail in this town! And it's where the locals hang! Friendly staff and a good pour keep me returning as I'm a repeat offender....oh well!
4	Found the Fun Hog through geocities.com and was intrigued. What a great hole in the wall, locals hang out. Ryan the bartender is super friendly and pours one kick ass cocktail. $2 at happy hour. Had so much fun that we returned later that night for show tunes and $1.50 long islands. If your looking for big attitude, pretty boys, go elsewhere. Here, real people, great drinks and prices and awesome bartenders. Thanks guys. Can't wait til my next visit!
3	What's not to like:Hot guys that are unpretentious.Stiff drinks that are cheap as hell.A jammin' jukebox.Awesome, attentive bartenders that are quick to remember what you like to drink.I like to mingle with the locals...most of them are friendly but, as with any bar, it can get cliquey...just don't let it get to you and you'll be fine.The drinks are stiff, so take it easy if you've gotta drive back to your hotel on the Strip...
5	Awesome bar. A gay "Cheers" if you will. $5.00 HUGE Blue Moons. Can't get any better than that. Music can suck sometimes and one or two of the bartenders are a bit "holier than thou" but still great.
4	Just so that everybody knows, they DO have T-Shirts. . .in fact, most of the time, you'll see the staff wearing them.  And yes, they're available for sale.  Woot!
5	The cheapest strongest drinks in town plus a great laid back atmosphere! Love this bar
4	This is a fun place. Where else will a truck driver come up to you and say you're hot and then proceed to tell you he hates where you're from.   Gotta love it.$5 beer busts.  Fun staff!
5	This is easily the friendliest bar in Las Vegas. It doesn't look like much from the outside. But inside, you'll find a great crowd of mostly locals. The service is quick and the drinks are strong (and pretty cheap). If you're visiting, it's good to have the address handy--most cabbies haven't heard of it. Also for visitors: like many gay bars in Vegas, it's cash only. But they do have an ATM.
5	Im a sucker for a good Hole in the Wall...and this totally fit the bill. Super nice, and very sexy bartenders sling very strong and inexpensive drinks. Not on the path for the normal Vegas tourist, but totally a place id be happy to visit again.
4	This place it fun, not very big but fun it has cheap drinks only need a few. Good daily special
5	I love a good ole divey bar, and this one fit the bill in all the right ways.  Don't misunderstand "divey", I mean, no attitudes, no frills, and tons of fun.  This place was great, friendly, sexy and hot.  I visited 3 times while on a recent visit and will be back for sure.  The staff was friendly and efficient. The patrons were awesome, sexy and laid back.I liked that there were at least 3 gatherings (birthdays and such) of friends, this tells me that this is a great spot to check out the eye candy and hang with your peeps.  Thanks Fun Hog!  I had a blast.
3	If you're into dive bars and just normal guys sitting around drinking, this is your place. Being from out of town I obviously didn't know anyone, however, the regulars seemed to be having a good time. The bartender was friendly and poured me a nice stiff drink. A bit off the strip, but a good place to check out if you have time.
5	I have been here on a bunch of different occasions, and last night i convinced my Hubby to come with me for my friend's birthday/welcome back party. He had such a blast!!!  All he could talk about when we got home was how much he fun he had. Fun Hog Ranch... YOU ARE AWESOME!!!!
3	Staff was great, drinks were good; very divey, but sometimes that's what we're looking for!
5	Best gay bar in Vegas if you like men.
4	Stopped in around 10:30pm on a Thursday night.  A bit off the strip; fun gay bar with friendly bartenders.  The place was fairly busy.  Great Prices on drinks that were not watered down.  Kind of a neighborhood bar feel.  Would go back on our next visit.
4	One of my favorite gay bars.  Shit, one of my favorite bars.  Drinks are cheap, place is divey but it smells clean.  They have a bomb ass jukebox, except I was there the other night and some annoying theater kid played like two hours of showtunes.They also have pretty loose poker machines.  I've won here more than other places.  There's always ample seating around the bar or in a booth.  The drinks are stiff.  The bartenders are usually hot.  Some old man hits on me which is creepy but a nice ego boost.I love this place!
2	Wow, it must have been the night I came here then, since everyone seems to think this place is friendly.  I found the crowd here, as well as the bartenders, completely unfriendly and unwelcoming.  The positive parts about this bar were that it is a come-as-you-are kind of bar.  No need to dress all nice like you do for the clubs on the strip.  Some people looked like they have not done laundry in a long time.  It is just a few blocks away from the strip, which is nice since other gay bars are farther away from the strip.  And, the cocktails were fairly stiff and inexpensive.
4	Accidentally happened upon this place on a recent trip to Vegas. Admittedly, the quirky name made us curious to check it out. The outside is very plain and unassuming - maybe almost too plain. We were really unsure what to expect. But alas, once we opened the door we were instantly surprised It's a great dive bar - very friendly crowd, heavy handed pours by the bartenders and good music! The moral of the story is do not be deterred by the fascade of this bar. This place was a hoot! It's the kinda bar I'd regularly frequent if I lived here. Will definitely go back.
3	This is a Dive Bar, that's for sure. The bartenders don't seem friendly at all, except for Josh. He's a great bartender. The lighting is dim. They have peanuts, I love peanuts! (they put them out so they dry your mouth out and buy more drinks :P)The drinks are very inexpensive. I would suggest going to this place to get a good buzz/drunk going and THEN hitting a club. Bathrooms here are kind of dirty, the doors don't lock, and it's hardly clean. Again, it's a dive bar. Don't expect much from this place. Bring good company and you'll have a good time.
5	Small place and nothing fancy but very cheap drinks & friendly, prompt bartenders. They also do drink specials. The night we were there it was buy one get one free, and the one you buy was cheap & strong to begin with!!Very mixed crowd, but very friendly as well.
5	This place is dive bar in the most perfect form. Cheap, Strong drinks, cool bartenders, happy customers. I seriously love this place. I always have a great time whenever I end up here. Brand new music player (it's way too modern to be called a juke box) and it doubles as a photo booth that will send or upload your photos directly. Great idea!This is my absolute favorite gay bar in town. Everyone is always so friendly. Drinks are strong (No credit card machine, so bring cash) but not expensive.Excellent Staff. Even though Andrew doesn't work here anymore the other bartenders are awesome. Josh barely looks old enough to be in the bar, but he is such a delight. Never without a smile on his face. Gary is the hot, bearded one that makes an excellent drink. I just love this place!
1	I went to this place on recommendations  by friends, I quickly found out that the bartender is an ass, acting like I am a bother, a bit racist I found.this is so sad in this world, noatter where I go, racism is rampant in the gay community.  If I would give a zero star if I could!
5	This place gets five stars.  Why.....?  It is not fancy....so this is my kind of Place.  Staff is great, no BS, just lets have a good time.  The prices OMG cheap.  I work at The Hole in San Diego and we are pretty much the same type of place.  Great staff and affordable prices.  Other customers were fun to have drinks with and can I say the prices here are great.  We went here as our first stop then the gang wanted to go to a fancy club.  Fancy club Two redbull vodkas $40.  Fun hog ranch five shots of fireball and two Jameson and gingers well under $30.........but wait the bartender hands me tickets and says it buy one get one free......................hahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahaha.................so 10 shots of fireball and 4 JameO gingers well under $30 buck........OMFG.......................HAHHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHA.  The place is great and we will come here every time I am in Vegas.   Note to FHR Staff,  if you ever find yourselves in San Diego, The Hole would love to have you visit.      Nino-
4	Ok its not the nicest place in Vegas but every time we go, we have a blast.  Bartenders are always nice, drinks are a great price, and the customers are always friendly.  Thanks for a great time F.H.R.
4	Happened to include this bar on my last trip to Las Vegas - The Second Annual Dive Bar Tour . . . and at the time did not know it was a gay bar . . . but it turned out to be a really good dive bar.We were there for happy hour and got the $5.00 all you could drink Pabst from 1 to 4 . . . just glad we did not stay the whole three hours . . . it would have been scary.  The bartender told us about the duct taped mirror and booths . . . I would have loved to see that . . . car hits outside of building . . . and a bunch of queens running around like divas after it rocked their world . . . hee / hee / hee . . . I'm still giggling with the image in my head.Reason for the loosing a star . . . the choice of music . . . Sound of Music songs . . . are you kidding me . . . one might be okay . . . but four.Anyways . . . this place does make my return list.
4	OMG wear a gas mask. It's a napalm of cigarette smoke. After being there for twenty minutes I had to bag up my clothes so I wouldn't be accused of smoking in my non smoking hotel room.Other than that great.
4	Pretty fun hole-in-the-wall, smoke-filled bar I've been to in Vegas.And it's gay --- liiiiike, sexuality kine and personality kine --- HAPPY!!!!!If you don't mind smelling like an ashtray and enjoys the scene, cheap drinks, and just lively atmosphere than I'd say this is the spot!Close enough to the Strip and far enough from The (fruit) Loop to feel like an average Vegas bar.Bartenders are always fun and cute. Patrons are the same. And the lighting is better than most places at The Loop, which I appreciate.
3	Great people with a biker bar ambience. People were relatively friendly with cheap drinks.Only problem: it was in a very shady area.I would go back in a group.
3	Great bartenders, cheap drinks
5	My brother introduced me to the bar when I came out to visit and now I try to go to it every time I'm in vegas. I love the atmosphere, the bartenders and love the cheap drinks :)
4	Cool dive bar, excellent for cruising, good looking bears plus cheap drinks.
