5	I had to write this review because this Sephora saved me on my last visit to Vegas. We were going out for the day and hubby was rushing me so I didnt have time to put on make-up; I was just going to do it in the car. Well, I forgot my foundation at the hotel room. What to do? What to do? I know...Just stop in at Sephora and put my face on!! Thank you Sephora...
1	I was at the sephora in the JCpenny store and I was appalled at the tone of one of the workers there. My friend was looking for a new make up brush and was asking this woman questions about the different brushes and when my friend went to touch them the lady said "oh no don't do that" and went on to lecture her with "well how would you feel if other people were touching your brushes?" It was completely rude and disrespectful. I normally don't shop at Sephora, but this experience has certainly NOT made me any more inclined to shop there.
1	Limited products and rude sales people.
5	They don't have a very big inventory as they only have a section in the cosmetics department. Then again, they have a solid selection of Sephora products and many new items being highlighted by the larger stores. Store help tries very hard to help you find what you need or a very similar match. When you can't get to a full size Sephora's check out their section in JC Penny.
2	This mini version of Sephora is located inside JCPENNEYs lower level floor near mall entrance.  That's a good thing, that way you don't have to waste time wading thru the store to get to it.Not so good is the inventory.  Its a small space so they only carry the more popular items and just the basics in some of their product lines. Still I think it's great they have Sephora here. F grade as far as customer service goes.  I counted 5 sales reps at the cash wrap.  2 were busy at the registers. The other 3 were just standing there talking. Personal business.  I must've had my invisible coat on since I had to squeeze my way thru between the ladies to check out the fragrances they were standing in front of. Still not one of them acknowledged my existence. I didn't see the fragrance I wanted but I know they carry Tocca at Sephora in Town Square.  I was looking for it s good 3 minutes. That was a potential $100 sale lost. Not sure if their employees are affiliated with JCP, but if they are, all management has to do is check out the tapes from LP..you'll see how "helpful" your employees are.
2	Sephora is one of my favorite places to spend money... and this is by far my least favorite Sephora in the Las Vegas area for one reason: It is too small. Calling this a store isn't even fair really, it's a small room within JC Penneys.The only reason I come to this store is if I know exactly what I want, because getting any sort of assistance from the sales associates above and beyond ringing up your purchase is difficult at best. Even if you do know exactly what you want, because this location is so small they have less stock than other, larger stores... I have left disappointed multiple times due to this store not having items I wanted in stock. If you are in the area and need something that Sephora carries, it's worth checking this location to see if it is in stock... but don't be too surprised if you find yourself driving to another location to actually make your purchase!
2	Really disappointed with the layout of this store, I went in for the Naked 3 palette and had no help from the staff, and the floor was not stocked. I ended up finding it outside of the store on an end display with perfumes. Needless to say I left without it since I'd already checked out. The staff there weren't helpful at all either and they weren't even busy. When they did interact with you they were short and rude. I'll be making special trips to the one in Planet Hollywoods Miracle Mile...they are always super busy but still maintain great customer service!
4	I love Sephora.  I love the convenience of this location.  I also found two of the staff members that I interacted with to be super helpful.  The thing that holds me back from loving this place?  It's a mini version of the full service store.  AND they don't carry several of the products that I have grown to love.  So I must make Sophie's Choice and either drag my myself to Town Square or find a new product....I will continue to go there, but it they don't have the lovely products that I have grown to love, I will just have to order online.  As I am now VIB Rouge, shipping in free, so except for a delay, online ordering is not too much of a hardship.
3	This location is located inside of the JCPenney.  I've visited many other locations for my makeup needs.  It was just as they opened for the day so it wasn't busy at all.   I was quickly able to find my brand and color I needed.  The only lady working didn't seem to care if I was there or not.   Oh well.  During the checkout she was pleasant enough but I guess I'm comparing it to the other sales people I previously dealt with.  There really isn't much more to tell but I would rather visit another location for the better service.
4	Haven't had any issue with this location other than its smaller than other Sephora's. For me, that works out to my advantage as it usually has what I need in stock. I was most recently there on a Friday morning. There were 3 employees working, I was offered assistance in finding what I needed, and was in and out of there rather quickly.
1	One of the store managers Tori has the worst customer services. Not to say that all the employees there are that way because I've had other great experiences. I tried to exchange a defected item with a receipt and  she told me "I used it and I couldn't return it" & "good luck trying to return it at another location." I assume a $22 exchange it's worth the Sephora no hassle motto. I called another location after leaving and explained everything and they took care of me. Sad store.
1	Unless this location is close to you and you know exactly what you want to purchase beforehand, don't bother coming here.First of all, the customer service is horrible.  Probably the worst I've ever come across.  I don't expect royal treatment or anything, but every time I go in I'm not greeted, no one asks if I need help, and if I DO happen to ask for assistance, they act as if I'm wasting their precious time.One of the associates there is consistently rude (I shop at Sephora enough to notice).  I don't know her name, but she's older and wears glasses.  Once, I was curious about a lip gloss, and there was only one left in stock but had no tester.  I tracked her down and asked if they had a tester that I could try because I couldn't find one.  She said, "Well I obviously can't open that last box for you just to test it," and walked away.  Another time, I came in to return something without a receipt and got the same treatment.  She said she couldn't find my purchase in my order history and wouldn't take it back.  I went online and checked my Sephora account, and it was in there, plain as day.  Took it to the Town Square location and they refunded me without question.Also, their stock is horrible.  They take forever to receive new items, have a small selection of things, and all of the popular items are pretty much always sold out.So, if it's absolutely convenient for you, I'd suggest it.  Otherwise, make a trip to the Town Square or Forum Shops location.
2	This sephora is not worth your time. Not only do they not carry all products, the ones they do carry are often out of stock or have broken boxes/seals.  The sales staff also is horrible. They are not helpful and uneducated.  I have gone to this sephora a few times because it's close to my house but every time I've been disappointed. This most recent visit I was the only person in the store and there were two sales girls.  Nether said hello or asked if I needed help. One had her head down the whole time at the counter the other was doing her entire makeup with the samples.
1	Don't come here if you're looking for help. It's more of a you need to know what you're looking for, get it and go because they give zero **** about customer service type of deal.I came for 2 things, a face primer and foundation. I wanted to get a color match on the foundation because I haven't tried it before and the lady helping me either had a bad day or is working in the wrong department haha I waited for a while for someone to help me and so when a lady became available she instantly gave off a really annoyed vibe lol While trying to match colors of foundation on my face she was asking me if what she put on my face looked okay or not but didn't tell me what she thought looked best???? She didn't give off any suggestions or asked any questions about my skin or try to decipher what undertones I actually had....I came to ask for their help, she rolled her eyes every time I had a question. She put two different streaks on my face, said choose basically and walked away. So uneducated, I came because I thought I was more uneducated than her! hahaha
3	The last two visits I have made to this Sephora location have been surprisingly pleasant, so I am going to update my review to add another star, this Sephora is A-Ok. While the stock was still somewhat lacking (but better than in the past), the customer service I have received while shopping at this Sephora has definitely improved quite a bit.  I had an item that I had received as a gift (so I did not have a reciept for it) that I wanted to exchange, I was able to do so with relative ease here.When I needed assistance selecting the right color in a product, a sales associate offered to apply the product to ensure it was what I was looking for. I didn't even have to ask! And on my last visit in, a sales associate actually offered samples! I have never had that happen at this location before.I still prefer shopping at other Sephora locations that carry more stock on hand... but since this Sephora is improving in terms of service, shopping here is far more pleasant.
