2	Stopped in here for dinner a couple of weeks back.  Waitress who was manning the bar had a bit of an attitude on her.  She wasn't unfriendly, but she spoke to me in a rather condescending manner.  I'm a big believer that customer service employees need to check their attitudes at the door when they come to work.  Other customers at the bar seemed kind of uncouth as well.  Next time I'm in this area I think I'll pass up this Chili's and head to the Applebee's just up the road.  Same basic quality of food with a friendlier waitstaff and less sketchy clientele.
2	I don't really eat at Chili's... But tonight we had to go and pay close attention to everything. Can't tell you why, but we had to. The place was nearly deserted on a mid-week evening around 8:30 or so. As per usual, if you've walked into one Chili's (or Applebee's, O'Charley's, Outback, Olive Garden, etc) you've walked into all of them. Nothing surprising there.They sat us down and browsed through their menu. Shitty beer selection but I already knew that. So, I ordered water and a Sam Adams Boston Lager for Becky and I to split (since, you know, we still had kids to go back home to).The waitress was nice and serviceable.Their menu had the usual fare. We didn't browse a whole lot. They had some special where you get two entrees and an appetizer for $20. Of all the things available from that sub-menu that sounded appealing were the fried shrimp, which I ordered with french fries and cole slaw, and the 6-oz. sirloin, which Becky ordered with a baked potato and steamed broccoli. For the appetizer we chose the corn guacamole.The appetizer came out pretty quickly and it was a very nice  portion I must say. It did not taste like it came from some reconstituted power and the only true complaint, as far as flavor, was that it needed cilantro. Aside form that, it was ok. Not entire sure why they called it "corn" guacamole as there was hardly any to speak of.The Chips... wow.. those things are a joke and they should be ashamed to call themselves tortilla chips. Doritos have better tortilla chips than this crap. They were paper-thing and broke every time you tried to scoop some guacamole or salsa out. They didn't taste horrible... but you couldn't dip them into anything. The salsa was ok as well. Nice and roasty but no heat.Then our entrees came. Becky got the better deal out of this fiasco. Her sirloin was nicely cooked medium-rare, her baked potato was pretty standard, topped with the usual goodies and the broccoli was nice and crunchy. Everything on her plate was pretty nice and tasted good.I, on the other hand, got a miserable 8 shrimp on a mountain of soggy fries. They tasted ok, the shrimp did, but I was not happy with the portion I was given. 10% shrimp 85$ fries and 5% of my plate's real estate went to two ramekins with marinara sauce and sour cream. I barely touched my fries, the marinara was pretty bland and disgusting. It's kinda hard to screw up sour cream from a tub, so that was ok but overall my dinner just sucked. The cole slaw was pretty standard but pretty bland as well.My plate was a prime example of why we don't go to chain, casual-dining places. They just suck. Definitely won't be going back to ANY Chili's unless I have to.
4	No complaints... It is an average Chilies .
3	Did the $20/2. Chips and salsa good. Wife had vegetarian fajita which she enjoyed.  The pico de gallo was a little heavy on cilantro but overall good food.  I had the Parmesan crusted steak medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  Great cut. Broccoli was a little dry.  Water didn't taste that good. Friendly staff, but new waiter forgot to box up wife's leftover.  He offered to have them cook up a portion for her to take. We accepted.
3	It's been forever since I've been to Chili's but my family was visiting and we were starving and we didn't feel like a looooong wait on a Friday night. So we just decided; what the heck...let's just go to Chilli's!We arrived a little after 8:00pm and there was no wait...whoooo Our waiter was pleasant, a little forgetful at times but still attentive and nice. Here goes:For starters chips and salsa- Classic! The first basket of chips seemed like the end of the bag...all small pieces and crumbs...no bueno... but the next set of chips that we asked for was much better. The salsa was good....I was a bit bummed though, they used to offer a mexi ranch salsa which apparently they don't anymore...but no matter I still like to mix the salsa with a side of ranch dressing. YUM.For dinner my parents did the Ante Up 2 for $35 with the margaritas, these had absolutely no alcohol. Just a warning, if you like margarita mix and ice then I guess they are pretty good for you. To eat, they both chose ribs and fries for their meal. The ribs were good, they came out warm, but the sauce was delicious. The fries actually came out piping hot....total WIN Overall, it was good...certainly not outstanding but still good.I chose the fajita trio which comes with steak, chicken and shrimp onions and peppers. With a side of tortillas, lettuce, cheese, sour cream, pico and guacamole. Again it was good, but didn't have a "wow" factor. I wish there had a been a bit more seasoning on the chicken and shrimp AND that it had come out sizzing...I mean they are fajita for goodness sake! For dessert we all shared the chocolate molten cake. Delish! No need to explain...we devoured it. It's just something about ice cream and chocolate cake that just makes me very happy. Overall, if I'm in a crunch again, I'd eat here but it's not on the top of my list.
2	Came here for dinner with a friend. The service was decent but the food was not great at all.Artichoke and chips - dip was good but the chips were a joke . Paper thin and always kept breaking .Boneless chicken wings - pretty ok.. Not coming back
3	Location has been upgraded and is quite pleasant...Wings were OK, nothing to write home about....
3	Chain restaurant ribs, I should be ashamed of myself. They were okay, but certainly not nearly as good as any of the other great BBQ places in the Queen City. But when it's late and you're tired and you're not choosing the restaurant, they're A-OK.Service was okay. She got the beers taken care of and the check brought out properly. The others in my party enjoyed their meals - the food was hot and it was tasty.I have no complaints.
3	I have eaten at this particular Chili's twice. One time was for lunch and the second time was an evening meal.Both times my friend and I had the 2/$20. We are both fans of the chicken crispers, so ordered these both times: The first time the original crispers with the texas cheese fries app and the second time, the honey chipotle style with the chipotle chicken flatbread app. Out of both of these, my only complaint is that there was almost no heat to the chipotle style chicken. It was more sweet than anything. Chipotles are smoked jalepenos, so I expected to feel a little more heat than I did. However, they were still very delicious. When the plate came out with ranch, I asked for blue cheese instead, which they brought out to my table almost immediately. Both times in this restaurant, the appetizers came out very fast (within minutes of ordering) and the main entrees came out before the appetizers were finished. I would have actually liked a little more time to enjoy my appetizer, but at least we didn't have to wait and wonder where our food was!I'll be back here again, as the food and the service is on par with every other Chile's I have visited, and it is one of my favorite chains.
5	This is the best Chili's in Charlotte. Consistently awesome! Great boneless buffalo wings and the best mac and cheese.
3	Came here for valentines day dinner with a friend. The wait time for a table was not long. But our waiter took forever to take our order. He passed out table about 9 times but never took our order. When the food finally did come my friends order was completely wrong. We complained and they offered to fix it but we were on a time restraint. I got the Parmesan crusted fish which was good but not great. I felt like the fish needed a little more crust. It just had crust on one side of the fish and chipotle sauce on one side also. It was plain. The rice was good and so was the broccoli. Overall it was an okay experience. My friend was really frustrated since she was really hungry. Might come back
4	Great staff!
4	Go sit in bar for drinks. In the dining area you will get great or lousy service depending on server.  One of the best places to eat in the Whitehall area. Very good standard food chain.  Tables for groups is nice.
2	Late craving for the family on New Year's Day. I understand how short staff it can b but short of food? The waitress was so loud, everyone knew what was happening in our table. there was a complementary item in our check, she not only made sure we knew but everyone around us knew too. Although this place is a casual dinning, a little privacy and discretion goes a long way. Waitresses out there ... Your tip does not depend on the total check. Your performance also is taken into consideration.
