4	On Friday evening we made our first stop at Laundry and Filles' food truck. On the menu was a Caesar Salad made with asparagus, Ploye au Saumon, meatloaf sandwich, fresh apple juice and for dessert a peanut butter and jelly whoopie pie. Off course we tried it all. If was all excellent, but my favorite was the Caesar salad. We've all had a Caesar Salad before, but never had I had one that was based on asparagus instead of romaine lettuce. What an interesting and tasty idea!The owners are from the maritimes and prepare their menu around traditional, homely themes. For example a ploye, something that I had never come across before, is a popular dish in New Brunswick made with a half cooked (they don't flip it over on the griddle) crepe.
5	Ok people...here itYou have to try The Meatloaf sandwich...It's out of this worldAdd the homemade relish it is honesty The Best sandwich you will ever haveIf you do not like the sandwich I will personally refund you your $9.......no joke
4	A raining weekend doesn't stop the hungry and most certainly won't stop my quest to check out all the new food trucks here in Montreal. This time around, Landry et Filles were set up near the George-Etienne Cartier statue off Park Avenue (if you haven't guess by now, that's the closest official location near my apartment...) so I headed up on bike to see what they were bringing to the Montreal Street Food scene.On their website, Landry et Filles states that they aspire to pay homage to tradition all while creating new classics. The menu they offered on the day I was there seemed to match nicely with that "mission" statement. Some traditional homestyle dishes focusing on fresh and local produce. A relatively smaller menu compared to other trucks around but no issues with that on my end. There were certainly enough things here to peak my interest.First up, I tried the strawberry lemonade. A nice refreshing beverage - the hint of strawberry adds a extra sweetness with the tartness of the lemon. A perfect summer drink to enjoy on a hot summer's day - not that it was hot that day but regardless... it fits the experience I was dreaming up for myself that day, so let me have it please.Second, something completely foreign to me: A Matane Shrimp Ploye. A Ploye is a New Brunswick dish - essentially a pancake of both buckwheat and wheat flour usually cooked only on one side. The flour mixture creates a light and somewhat airy crepe-like base to which Landry et Filles added some Matane shrimp, apples, lettuce and a wasabi mayo as a binder for the whole mixture. The shrimp was nice and fresh as one would expect from locally sourced shrimp. The apples added some crunch and a little sweetness to the mix and the wasabi mayo added just the right level of heat to the dish. All in all, a very nice well executed dish. It is a cool thing to try something completely new to you from a food truck and for that thing to be perfectly satisfying. Finally, for dessert, I chose the lemon pie-on-a-stick. Pretty self-explanatory here. Great lemon flavour throughout with a nice crust at the bottom. The outer shell of the pie keeps the whole thing together until you bite into it. Perfect mini play for one's sweet tooth.All in all, a lovely collection of dishes to be had from Landry et Filles. I was strongly interested in the Meatloaf sandwich but I wasn't hungry enough and honestly I didn't have enough money in my pockets anyway. Based on one of my friend's reaction to said sandwich, I clearly need to catch up with Landry et Filles at least one more time this summer. Looking very much forward to it and I hope you enjoy as well.   Cheers!
4	Checked out Landry et filles during Just for Laughs Bouffons Montreal. Had the ploye- probably one of the better food truck offerings out there. Original and delicious!
2	Tried the Ploye with Matane shrimp and the panna cotta. There was so much dressing that you couldn't taste the sweetness of the shrimp, which is the point of having Matane shrimp in the first place. The panna cotta was pretty ordinary with a peach sauce and pieces of gingerbread cookie on top.
5	I arrived at the Olympic Stadium quite late in the evening to try out the food trucks. Many of the trucks had run out of food by 10PM but I ended up stopping at the Landry & Filles truck who were still serving food. I tried the Deluxe Meatloaf Sandwich and it was amazing. Every part of this sandwich down to the bread, the sauce and especially the meatloaf were perfect. The texture that the toasted bread added worked really well. I haven't eaten meatloaf in years and this one did not disappoint!
4	I tried their truck today and ordered a ham ploye, tomato, bacon, squash soup and homemade raspberry lemonade.  The ploye consisted of ham, mushrooms, arugula, parsley and caramelized onion on what I believe is a buckwheat crepe.  It was quite good.  I also was a fan of the soup which had really big chunks of good quality bacon in it.  Service was a little slow but other than that I really like this food truck.
4	I was able to check them out bear the McCord museum the other day. They had fish and chips, a meatloaf sandwich, some sort of ploye with smoke salmon and other treats. Since I was a tad late, I missed out on the fish and chips, but got to eat the asparagus ceaser salad, very yummy, and their meatloaf sandwich. I wasn't a fan of the sandwich, it's more of a meatlovers dish, but their salad and lemonade was awesome! Hopefully I'll have a chance to check out the fish and chips next time!
4	pretty good food truck amongst the many out there. very friendly staff that are always smiling! it doesn't hurt to be pretty too.most of their dishes are pretty good. still need to try the rave meatloaf. price isn't too bad either. probably amongst the best deal in food truck food.apparently, they are opening a restaurant on papineau between laurier/mt-royal but haven't heard anything on it. if they did in fact, no need to hunt them down anymore
