4	Must remember in future: dine before a climb - at least an energy bar, otherwise you end up leaving, starving and ready to eat anything (well, OK, almost, and perhaps not seagull). Fortunately our first stop was Ocean Spice, and it didn't disappoint. We were greeted by the most chirpiest of characters at the order area, who kept us entertained while our meal was prepared, even helfuly suggesting a way to reheat the food without drying it out (knowing we had a long trip home). The food - it was good, not particularly greasy, and was pretty tasty overall - generous portions, too. The naan were a little dry - but we did have a 20min drive home, so not sure if that was down to the trip, or the naan itself, so will leave that one up for discussion. Either way, it you live in the area, Ocean Spice will keep you and your empty tummies happy on any a night.
5	A year or two ago i was gutted when the Indian Takeaway (Paradise Cafe) across the road from us closed down. Not long after a new one opened, Ocean Spice, so we tried his one and love it. The food is delicious. If you like your curry more or less spicy just tell them and they'll adapt it for you. We've had a range of curries and they are always delicious. You should also 'like' their facebook page as they have just had a 20% off pomo on there.The guy behind the desk is lovely, always very chatty and friendly.  I would recommend this takeaway in a heart beat. In particular you must try their haggis pakora... might sound a bit weird but i'm addicted :)
4	My OH is allergic to nuts, so we keep slim (not really - we can still have Pizza!) by not being able to order takeaways from Indian, Thai or Chinese establishments - just to be safe. However, recently I've been shown that I quite like certain curry and am addicted to Peshwari Naan - and not the kind sold in super markets.We live in Newhaven and decided to give Ocean Spice a go - phoning in our order and explaining our situation.They were over the top helpful with the nut situation - including calling back and asking a few extra questions, just to make sure. If you have anyone with an allergy in your household, you know this is very important - and we were very thankful.I had the Saag Panir and Peshwari Naan and my OH had a chicken dish. Both were enjoyable and we would definitely order from them again.
