4	Just what the name says: Fast. Clean. Car wash.I like how I can stay in the car and get a thorough car washing for $9.99 that includes my tires. PLUS, free vacuums for the inside! It's a spacious carport that offers many vacuum stations - for free! Nice.I come here for my regular washes. The kids have fun riding through the car wash too!
4	$5 in & out. If your the person who's looking for every little spot to be washed away from your vehicle you might wanna get your ride detailed, that means take it elsewhere. This place is a self serve location. washes cars pretty good too so when I need a little clean between detailing this is a good spot. They have a whole role of vacuums on the side of the building (For those do it your selfers) and you can really get your whip looking so fresh and so clean.
1	Do not wash your car at this place. The owner Matt never answers his phone or returns calls.  He also will over charge your credit card and not make it right. This place is no good be warned.
1	I got the 9.99 car wash which is the best one you can get and my car is not too clean which it wasn't like it was too dirty to begin with and there was a guy standing inside the car wash to make sure everything was working properly I'm assuming we'll to say the least the tire shine didn't work either worst car wash I have ever paid for. I do not recommend this place to anyone. Waste of mo ey! And they don't even answer the phone when you call!
1	Do not go here!! I went thru a few weeks ago and as I was going thru I heard a loud grinding noise and when I pulled out to the vacuums I noticed my rim had been bent terribly and there was a big yellow mark on my tire and rim . I went over to the only person working there and I told him what had happened and showed him the damage. He said no way that was from them and kept refusing. I asked him if the bumpers were yellow and he said no. I asked to go look and low and behold, the tracks that you go down are yellow. He said no no no those only touch your tires if you get armor all and you didn't select that option. Bull!!! I called the next day and had to leave a message for the owner.  Of course I never got a call back. They severely damaged my rim but can't take ownership for their faulty equipment. Go elsewhere!!
