5	This company is OUTSTANDING! I have completely switched dog groomers due to this clean, green mobile grooming staff and services! I have a mini poodle and have found it difficult to find a groomer that can cut his hair without making him look too girly. This place cuts it perfectly! And the best thing..They come to you! You don't even have to leave your house! So, instead of me spending time driving to and from the groomers, all I have to do is open the front door! Also, their prodcuts are clean and organic, so you know everything is safe for your pet. I actually took a peep inside the groomer station today and everything is spotless! The staff goes above and beyond to make sure you are satisfied with their services. I know my pooch feels clean and so much better afterwards!Also, their prices are just like any other groomer! So, for anyone who thinks they may be pricer due to them coming to you, nope, just the same!  Love, love, love!
2	I've called and left a message to have my dog groomed and have not gotten a call back.
4	These guys rock!! After struggling with tryingto cut  our Great Danes claws we knew we needed professional help. Green Groomer brought out there gorgeous grooming truck and wonderfully took care of business. We were really impressed that they were super flexible about times, showed correct ways to clip and charged a very reasonable price for coming to us!
5	We have had Green Dog take care of our pets for almost a year now. They have done a wonderful job every time. They are very professional, courteous, kind and affordable. We had them give our cat her first hair cut a few weeks ago and they did awesome. We would highly recommend them to anyone and always look forward to them coming by :-)
4	This company is FABULOUS!!  The staff is top notch, the oatmeal shampoo they use on my dog with skin allergies is great, prices are competitive, and you can't beat the convenience!!  Getting a call back from them is sometimes difficult when making an appointment, however once the appointment is made the customer service is great.
2	We decided to go with a mobile groomer for our 8 year old Bolognese dog. She has a lot of medical issues including being blind. It got stressful taking her to a groomer with barking dogs, blow dryers etc. Not to mention our Groomer of 6 years flaked out on us. I called Green Dog Mobile Grooming yesterday for the first time and had to leave a message. I chose this Co because of their reviews. I left a detailed message with my phone # and wanted to know how soon they can come out. That was over 24 hours ago and no call back. I called again and got voice mail again. I hung up. I understand people are busy but 24 hours is a little too long to not return a call for a potential new customer. I guess I will keep looking. I was really looking forward to having them out especially because of all of their good reviews. Oh well, I guess they don't need our business!
2	I called and didn't even bother leaving a message after reading the reviews. If you advertise that you are open then you may want to consider answering your phone. You just lost another customer.
1	This is hard to do as I never give one star reviews, but it is hard to review a company that doesn't return phone calls. Don't leave a message saying you will return a phone call after business hours when you have no intention of doing so. I will be taking my business elsewhere.
5	We've been using this company for nearly two years now.  They are super-reliable, and if they are going to be even just a few minutes off schedule they will call and let us know.  We live just outside their normal service area but they still come out here reliably.The dogs seem to love them, and they always come back looking and smelling great.  They add extra work as needed like when one of ours goes through a shedding fit, or has allergy problems.  The people have always been really friendly.The price is actually a little less than we were paying a chain pet store.  The dogs hated going there, and we had to drive to them and wait around for an hour.
4	Based on the positive yelp reviews I thought I'd give this groomer a try.  I've brought our dogs (a Wheaten and a maltese/bichon mix) to different groomers with mixed results.  The dogs hadn't been groomed in quite awhile although they have gotten regular baths and brushing.  They spent a lot of time with me upfront to understand what I wanted and to learn the dogs' personalities.  Very friendly, knowledgeable and you can tell they're "dog people".Both dogs look terrific.  They were cut exactly the way I wanted and came back into the house in good spirits.  The Wheaten who is afraid of her own shadow actually gave the groomer a goodbye kiss.They were a little more expensive than other groomers. But, there's the convenience of coming to your home and they did a very good job.  Worth the few extra dollars.
5	Green Dog Mobile Grooming has been grooming our dogs for years and we absolutely love them!  They do such a wonderful job not only in how they care for our dogs while they are in their care but they also do a spectacular job grooming them.  I am always so pleased when they leave.  The convenience of having them come to our home is awesome because we have three large dogs.  I would highly recommend this company to anyone who wants the best service for their animals.
