5	Been going here for 5 yrs now. Spa pedicure with some extra special free perks you don't get at other places......and for the same price! With your pedicure and/or manicure they also do a hot rock message on your legs and/or arms! Once in a while they even throw in a free cooling gel or paraffin wax treatment. They do an amazing job and always make me feel good when I go there! Also they give you a "frequent flyer" card so if you go often enough after 5 or 6 visits you get a $5 discount on your next one! :o) And we can all use a little break here and there these days! We can't be cutting out too much of spoiling ourselves once in a while, we all deserve it! ;o)
5	Staff is super friendly and it is the ONLY place where a french style pedicure stays on for weeks without chipping! I have brought three friends here and they don't go anywhere else now! Highly recommended!
1	Absolutely the worst pedicure I have ever had. I totally have wasted my money. My husband could do a better job. No wonder the place had no other customers. I should have just left. The equipment is old and outdated. The nail tech didn't seem to know what she was doing. If I could give it no stars I would. Never coming back. I should have looked at the dates of posts. This was a total waste of money.
5	Amazing work at this small location, the staff is extremely friendly and the Prices are really good.  Highly recommend if you are in the area.
5	Nice people, good prices!  Make an appointment or call ahead unless you don't mind waiting if necessary. :)
5	Love this place!!  They really take pride in their work.  No rushing in and out here!!  The massage is out of this world...  the hot stone is normal protocol with and nail service!!  Prices are amazing too-  you won't be disappointed!!
5	This place is awesome. Owners are super cool and go out of the way to give you an excellent relaxing exprience. Pedicures are the bomb. Go see for yourself. Great local and friendly place to go. Tell them Mark sent you.
