5	Simons is a fun place to shop, whether it be for clothing, accessories, or linens.  They have a little bit for everyone, whether you're in to super trendy gear, or more conservative clothes (however they do not have a children's section).  My only complaint is that they changed their young women's sizing a few years ago, and a lot of styles don't fit so well.  I guess it's a sign I'm not so young anymore and its time to move on to a more conservative yet fun look : )The space itself is beautiful, with escalators rising up through the center of the store, whisking you up from street level to the upper floor.  Don't stop at the young women's wear and menswear at street level, make your way up to lingerie, linens and the more sophisticated apparel, you won't be disappointed!
3	I visited Montreal a while back, and found myself in Simons. I quickly found some cute tops, a hat and a belt that I fell in love with, and quickly ran to the register.Keep in mind, I am from NJ/NY.As I stood there, in front of the cashier, I imagined myself wearing my new duds and sashaying through the street, compliments flowing from every direction.(this is slightly exaggerated, this next part)"That will be 2 million dollars"Jaw drops.I could have sworn I picked up a 20 dollar hat, and a few 20-30 dollar tops. Not more than 3 of them, actually."Well how much is the tax?" I ask."14.74 %."WHOA. LOL. So it's not what I'm normally used to, but in any event, I enjoyed my time there, and yes, I did get my tax back at the duty free shop.
2	Wow did I hate this place.I will admit, nothing but a desperation to find some leggings and the desire to seek temporary solace from the frigid wind outside drew me to this store. Inside reminded me of the stock market. People were everywhere: scrambling around racks, yelling to their friends, chatting on their cell phones, walking into me, blocking aisles as I hastily tried to escape...There are two floors: one with decently-priced ugly crap and one with more highly-priced ugly crap. Let's start with the first floor which houses what I guess you could call young women's wear, menswear and accessories. The clothing, for the most part, looked cheaply made- on par with what you would find at a Steve & Barry's or Dot's. I was not a fan. Occasionally I would spot something cute but closer inspection would reveal poor quality or odd fit (droopy sleeves, short torso, etc.). Who in the world is buying turquoise blue denim? Who is being drawn to the metallic leopard print leggings? What is going on? Is this the 80's Music Video Babe line?Upstairs is fashioned to look more upscale so I hopped on an escalator, prayed it wouldn't buckle under the weight of me and 73 other shoppers and made my way to the second floor. The wares up here I would equate to a secretary's dream in 1993. Ugly shirts, trousers and accessories. I felt like I was in a time warp.I made my way back downstairs generally perplexed. How are all these attractive Montrealers managing to look so stylish? I didn't have time to ponder because I just wanted out.  I will never step foot in this clusterf*ck of a store again. Not even if I need to find a costume for 1983 Mega Slut.
4	Wow, I really don't get the negative review below. I thought this store was totally fine. It seems to me to be a bit of a cross between a JC Penny's and a Macy's. Some stuff is cheaper and of lesser quality but there are also some higher end brands at higher prices. I enjoyed their accessories sections where I picked up some inexpensive hair clips. They had some cute, on trend pieces that I was considering but thought I could get something nicer back home.  I also found some good deals upstairs in their housewares section where I grabbed some placemats on sale and some leggings. I liked the layout of the store and thought it was well stocked, maintained and cleaned. I'd definitely return here.
4	This was the first time I had went to Simons ever. The set up of the store was wonderful. You could find the items you are looking for without problems. Also ther are several dressing rooms throughout the clothing areas so trying on your selections has never been easier. The prices of the clothing were reasonable and there were some great sales. The staff were very friendly and communicated in English beautiful. I had no issues using my American credit card also. This is a great place.
5	I have only one complaint: why is there no Edmonton location!?!? I never tire of people asking "where did you get that scarf?" and I never tire of responding with "In Montreal, in the greatest store in the world; Simons". In all seriousness, I love Simons. In fact, I think it's impossible to dislike Simons because of all the styles they carry. They have traditional, business, casual, and even eclectic fashion. The have a fascinating selection of accessories (the hats and scarves are my favorite).Some things are a little over priced but for the most part the prices are reasonable.
5	Love love love this place!I always leave with something if not EVERYTHING!  Why hasn't one come to Toronto yet?  Their home dept is awesome too!  Too bad hubby hates waiting for me here..I can stay here for hours!  They should get a kids dept soon! :P
5	We were in Montreal for a few days and stopped for some shopping at Simons again! It does not disappoint. I spent $200 again on jewelry and some sweaters that leave me speechless. I wanted to buy everything I touched. This place is just as amazing as the first time.
2	I had just finished telling my friend how much I loved Simons last time I went two years ago... and then I was forced to eat my words! First off I saw the SAME argyle sweater (same colour, same price and same brand) that I saw last time I was there two years ago.Second I can only speak for the woman's section when I say the clothing quality and style is similar to the of H&M or Forever XXI but with a much higher price tag.Last but not least, and honestly this was the clincher and main reason why they are getting a 2 and not 3 stars... THERE IS NO SHOE SECTION! When the sales clerk said this to me I honestly gasped and walked out of the store (backwards!)Honestly how can you be a department store without shoes?! For shame Simons... for SHAME!I should note that the men's section seems much nicer, but ladies go to The Bay (La Bai) down the street is much better: http://www.yelp.ca/biz/the-bay-montreal#query:bai
5	This place is HUGE for a stand alone store. Its bigger than it looks from the outside. Take your time and pace yourself. There a lot to see and many levels to tackle. You literally have to strategize to ensure you hit every corner of the store. The lower level areas have more affordable options for men and women from cute tops, bottoms, outerwear and accessories. The upper level has housewares. The upper, upper level has designer brands much like most major department stores.  I left with 3 huge bags full of stuff.  I love this place.
5	I LOVVVVVVEEEEEEE this store!! I was in Montreal a few days ago and this is one of my main stops for shopping.I will agree with other reviewers this place is alittle pricey and you have to really hunt for quality of the clothes.I wouldnt want to pay over $50 for a shirt that will only last one season because it's acrylic or polyester.. it will ruin in no time.I did find a really nice sweather and they have just generally nice styles over there.  Montreal girls dress way nicer than us Torontoians.  I don't think we have any sense of fashion over here compared to them.Just sayin' :P Go get some clothes with that plastic card in your wallet! GO GO GO :P
3	I've been to Simons La Maison a couple of times. This store is huge has quite a selection of things for both boys and girls. I've found some cute sleepwear and accessories here. I love the variety of stockings they have here for girls- such cute and decorative selection! You can find almost anything at this store- bags, clothes, accessories, sleepwear, bedding, jackets, shoes etc.The prices are reasonable for some items, but majority of the stuff is on the pricey side. The staff is friendly, but it's not easy to find them for help when you need it since the store is always crowded when I've been there. Besides that downside, the only other thing that bothers me in this store is the fact that certain areas can be messy and really unorganized which can get a little frustrating while trying to shop.
5	Pretty awesome.Good selection of name-brand and not so name brand clothing, everything from G-Star to local Canadian labels, definitely deals to be had here, sale's are a great, sometimes up to 75% off.Got a great jacket and sweater here for $50 US on sale, one of the better bargains I've nabbed in the past few years that's for sure, considering the jacket's original price was $75.It's a big department store, with all the requisite departments, outerwear to underwear, it's all here. A lot of the brands they carry are urban/modern, and the prices as said extremely reasonable, where do you think all these dressed-to-the-nines Quebecois get their clothes without going bankrupt? This place.Think macy's except infinity cooler and more trendy, the purchaser's here obviously are a little quicker then their american brethren to the south, and buy clothes that people actually want to wear, I took my sister here, a new yorker who lives and breathes fashion and even she approved.5 stars -Edit: The other review's here seem to be biased against department stores, I mean, of course there's going to be a lot of people, it's on the main street in the city, like shopping on 5th ave in NYC, crowds are to be expected.And if shopping in a large store makes you anxious, as it obviously did for another reviewer here, don't bash the store, just don't shop here, trust me people, this place is great if you don't have panic attacks in shops with more than one floor....
5	Comparing Simon's to sweet lil boutiques on St. Denis would be like comparing monkeys to seawolfs or apples to oranges. But when thinking of the world of department stores, Simon's trumps the Bay for affordable trendy clothing. Just don't expect to find a cosmetics department. My first Simon's experience was a few years ago. I obsessed over the leggings, the sale items, "Twix," the guys t-shirt collection ($14.99 for graphic tees) and the housewares. Over the course of the past couple of years I have received more compliments on Simon bought sale rack items than the rest of my wardrobe. I've gone so far as to ask friends to bring me staples like black Simon brand tights when they visit Vancouver. The only thing that I knew I wanted to do, shopping wise at least, when I arrived in Montreal was hit my Mecca for department store shopping. And again, no disappointments. Be prepared for crowds and waiting for a fitting room (girls - you can only try things on on the ladies side). If I may offer one piece of advice, pace yourself. If you can't browse every rack, it just wasn't meant to be.
4	Holy T-shirts Popeye. I love this Simon guy!
4	I dropped into Simon's to pick up some things.This place always has a great selection of clothing from low to high end.  On the floor you're bound to find Simon's own (I think) store brand all the way to D&G, Versace, etc.There's always something for everyone.  They carry everyday wear to formal wear and all kinds of accessories.  I don't understand the comments about the store being pricey.  I mean there is a huge range of prices depending on what tag you're buying.  I don't find their high end merchandise more expensive than say Holt Renfrew or a boutique store...maybe I'm missing something?Anyways drop if to browse and if you're lucky pick up a shopping bag worth of stuff!
4	What can u say, this is Montreal meeting their version of Macy's. A touch class with a French twist. If you have never shopped here it is one of the main reasons why the people in Montreal look good, and can afford to go out and drink. Vive la Maison Simons!
3	An Expensive H&M. It has OK merchandise, fashion tends to be a bit older than the new trends but they tend to have great sales often which make the place worth a visit. I wouldn't buy things here at retail price that is for sure.
3	So many choices but a bit confusing if you don't know where things are. as for items on sale, they seem to have X-Small and Small only!
3	Simon's is one of those stores that's really cool for people who don't live in Quebec, but probably equally as lame for those who do.Simons to me feels like H&M, but with a slightly better selection and far better fitting for people who aren't shaped like models.  They have a great range of prices and brand names with something for almost everyone.While I wouldn't say Simons is out of this world awesome, I think it's definitely worth a visit if you're in Montreal.
5	May be a bit pricey, but it's a great store, with great products, and AMAZING products!!! A button fell off a coat I got from there the other day. When I took it to their customer service department, they took it into the back, and had it back and repaired to me in under 10 minutes. I didn't even have to show the price tag or receipt as I had expected. Wish we had more stores like Simons around today. It's the quality of customer service that many companies have slowly dropped over the years, so it is soooooo refreshing to see a company making it a priority!
4	I enjoy Simons, I really do. It's all you ever want really in a department store. Its trendy, its house brands are affordable (they also have some luxury goods on the mezzanine level, which I can't afford, but look pretty!) and the selection is good. The service is really where this store wins. Its undoubtedly the best in terms of customer service. They are friendly, but not too friendly, they are all competent, they are all stylish, they are all coiffed, and they come from behind the counter when the transaction is over to personally hand you your merchandise. Classy. The menswear is really quite good; its on the lower level--as soon as you walk in and towards the back of the store. Now this might sound strange but perhaps their greatest strength for men's is the selection of underwear. Its unbeatable! There must be a gay man curating that underwear collection because they have every conceivable brand, style (g-strings to jock straps to standard boxer-briefs) in every price range from their house line 'Le 31' for 7.99 briefs to Japanese-imported 'Toot' undies for $78 a pair. Love it! In truth, this store effortlessly glides from cheap chic to uber expensive all in the same section, in the same vicinity. This is really quite rare for a department store. So very egalitarian Quebecois. This location is the old Eaton's department store in Montreal. When Eaton's closed down there was a bidding war between Simons, Sears, and a few other retailers looking to take over this venerable department store. Simons and the movie theatre company Cineplex teamed up to take over the space and covert part of it into the Simons flagship and the other half into a towering cinema complex. So you really get a sense of how massive the Eaton's department store was. A word of warning: there are no cosmetics here. No cologne, no creams, lotions, or potions. Its just fashion with a small (but well-done) section of housewares on the top level. Most of the stuff is there own house brand, with a few other familiar house brand names. So its not really a traditional department store in that sense, nor do they have appliances (small or large), or tools, or a beauty salon, etc. etc. So its mostly just a fashion department store with a taste of house-related linens, towels, etc. If you're looking for a more traditional department store experience head down the street (going easy) to La Baie/The Bay.Attention all tourists: this is a must-do whilst in Montreal.
3	A great stop for anyone in Montreal for unique clothes that won't break the bank. It's great because Simons has their own brand which is unique to them. Sometimes I stock up on a lot of things, sometimes not so much. Service is alright.
3	If you ever visit Montreal, then come here to shop. The prices are very reasonable and you could spend hours in there just browsing and trying things on. There's some brand names like Roxy, Quicksilver, Diesel, Bench, Nike, etc, but there's also some by brands only available in Quebec. It's probably always busy in there, but it doesn't have any negative impact on the service. I really like the workers there, but the I don't like the set-up of the place. Also, if you wear small sizes, then you might be faced with not being able to find your size sometimes. Every time I saw something I really liked, there wasn't anymore small sizes left. the craziness in Simon's is a lot like H&M and Forever 21.
5	Every time I go here I find something unique and very well-priced.  It is enjoyable and the service is great.  I only meant to browse but I ended up spending a whole evening in this store because they carry home furnishings as well.  I just could not leave.  The collections are unique and varied from diffusion lines of high-end brands to high-end brands.  They carry almost the same stuff as Holt Renfrew but I never feel out of place.  They make brand name accessible and not reverential as they do in Toronto  I like that approach very much.  The service is very friendly.  I asked for help to get a dress out of the mannequin and they quickly accommodated.  Eventhough I did not end up buying it they did not give me any grief about it.  I wish I had more hours to spend in this wonderful store.  Maybe it was not meant to come to Toronto because the cutthroat retail of TO will blemish its European flair.  I understand so until my next trip to Montreal, I will save my pennies so I can spend it contentedly on this great establishment.
4	Good price, good place! Very easy to find what you are looking for and they have something for every budget so its great.The only down side would be the location.Very hard to find parking during the day.
5	Shopping at Simons is a top priority for me during any trip to Montreal.  I am so obsessed that after we've gone through this downtown location, I will drive up to Laval and visit the other location.  I am THAT obsessed.To Ontario-ians that don't know about Simons, I alway describe it as a mix between H&M and Holt Renfrew.  Lots of cute, trendy, reasonably priced clothing mixed in amongst higher end lables like Chloe, Armani, etc.Also, love the home section in Simons.  I recently picked up a lovely duvet cover that I've been eyeing on Pinterest.I'm not generally a big department store shopper with the exception of Simons.  I secretly hope that Simons will move into Ontario but also glad that it's not because it gives us reason to head to Quebec.
5	My fave store for great fashions & great bargains. I always find something at very good prices, as they tend to clear their stock very often. This is particularly true of their home decor/bath/bedding & kitchen linens department. My only complaint is that I wish their clothing cuts were for "normal" women as opposed to size 00 prepubescent models. I've complained about this in the past and was informed many had as well, this only resulted in the store no longer stocking that particular line. Overall, this peeve aside, this is the store I revisit and shop at  frequently.
3	The price is so huge difference, I found something so cheap like 20$ next to sth 1200$... It's a little weird for me, kind of not sure about the real value of all the clothes. Hope they can sort it in a better way. Most of the clothes are cheaper end.
4	Simons is just one of those stores that is awesome for local shopping ventures, i especially like it when i find 9.00 wool sweaters. Although some things run quite small and you have to look hard to find good deals.
3	After this store was recommended highly to me by folks who live in town, my kids and I decided we HAD to check it out (I have two teen daughters, and one of them is really into fashion). The "Twik" section of this store is geared to teens and young adults, with trendier fashions for guys and gals. The store itself is large and the clothes were all nicely displayed. I noticed they had a super section for hats and gloves and scarves. Really cute stuff, well-made, and reasonably priced.The lay-out for the girls' clothing was kinda weird, as we had to wend our way around displays of racks and shelves, and since there were a lot of people in the store, it was crowded and difficult in areas to get by.I'm rather ambivalent about this place. Yes, we all saw some gorgeous sweaters and leggings with funky motifs, but most were pricey. There were some displays with tops that go for $10, but these were for summer tops and we're now going into fall. We priced some cute pull-over thin sweaters and sweatshirt-like tops with cute animals or sayings on them, and they started at $48. One sweater here had a price tag of $58 on it, and my kid just purchased the exact exact same sweater two days ago at Urban Planet in Rockland for $8. Exact. So I guess you pay for the convenience of shopping downtown here and the nicer, larger store.
5	This place is da-bomb. I love it. Montreal has so much better shopping than Toronto! (I am sure somebody would disagree) Simon's affordable selection makes it better I think. I bought some cute dressed, tops, men's collar shirt, bikinis at such good sale price.
5	This place is the bomb dot com! Love Simons Montreal and hear it's coming to Vancouver soon! WOOH! Hope it's true. Anyway I got the sickest crazy flower pants here last time and if you know me you know crazy color pants are my thing. They always have nice stuff here and I love the atmosphere. Price range varies hardcore though.
4	This was my very first time inside the famous Simons, and it was both exciting and overwhelming. The selection is great, but you'll have to spend some time roaming around in order to really dig through all of the various merchandise. Because I was on the hunt for a dress, I skipped around a bit, so that I could quickly see a range of dresses by different brands. The accessories (hats, scarves, gloves etc) section was really nice and had a lot of selection. Overall, it seems that Simons has a nice range of well-priced (both affordable and a bit more higher end) merchandise, and I hope I can back soon to spend more time looking around!
5	Such great variety and styles of men's and women's clothing, as well as some bedding/bath and other home decor.  I love visiting this store when I am in Montreal.
2	Location: Metcalfe and Peel - you can hop off at Peel (green line) or Bonaventure (orange line). It's right in the downtown core so don't expect to find parking. You'll have to be very patient or put your car in an over-priced lot. Service: None. I mean, really. There is no service other than the clerks who assign a change room. There's never anyone on the floor to assist you. Also, the change rooms are the size of my high-school locker and trying to move around in there is the equivalent of that magician guy David Blain trying to get himself out of chains while submerged in water, in a big plastic box. Stuff: Personally, I have no patience to sift through a pile of generic crap while being pushed and shoved by other customers. There is nothing exceptional about what they sell here - you can probably find the same or better, at Winners, Target, Sears etc. Also, the layout of the store isn't coherent. Cost: It depends what you buy; if you're going for the Simons brand, then prices are fair. If you're going for a brand like Billabong, Puma and so on, then you're paying the same thing as you would at Sports Experts. I must be one of the few people who dislikes this store but what can you do? I'm a rebel like that. If you're in the area, stop in. If not, don't go out of your way.
5	Most of what I own comes from Simons.  I am crazy about it and am almost glad they don't have locations outside of Quebec or I'd be broke.  I always find an amazing array of things I love here.  The men's section is huge and the pricing is fair.  They also have a great selection of suits and formal wear.  I really don't think shopping gets any better.
4	This was a really interesting department store since the range was so wide...they had low-priced items to extremely high priced items (usually department stores work within a particular range).  Some items looked a bit cheap, while others looked great.  Definitely worth a visit.
4	my favorite department store out there.huge selection of clothing where you can pretty much redo your whole wardrobe in a couple of hours.they carry high end brands, popular brands and they have their in-house brand too. price obviously depends on the brands. its a bit more pricier than going straight to the source though (for high end). the discounts are usually on their in-house brand which is not bad at all. good enough quality especially their denim clothing.as for service, depending which floor you are and which section you are in. you're going to get better service in the pricier department than the cheaper one which is a given but at the same, it'd be great to have the same level of service throughout.online makes it even better as you can just return to whichever store, no question asked.store becomes a madhouse during the holiday period though so i'd recommend using their online store to get whatever you need and whatever you can't find online, you'd have to hit the store but most of your shopping would be done.
5	After waking from a detailed dream with a beautifully decorated Christmas table, I went looking for the decor items to make the table a reality, and found La Maison Simons at www.simons.ca. The items looked great on the website and shipping was free, so even though I wasn't familiar with the site name or store, I ordered quite a few things. Within a day I had a tracking number, and 3 days later my parcel arrived in Vancouver. The box wasn't a standard delivery shipping box, but a gift-style, tucked-lid box. Opened it up, and not only was everything nicely laid inside, but it was lined with pretty Simons tissue paper, decoratively packaged, and sealed with a Simons tissue sticker. These were simple table linens, but with the care taken in the packaging, I felt like I was opening a special gift, or receiving a pricey dress. Really nice touch. :)The products themselves were top quality, and I'm so far quite impressed by this Quebec company (which I've since learned is well established and has quite a long history). I've already placed another order from them, and I'm sure they'll be showing up on my Visa statement frequently in the future.
