4	I love panda Express great fast food and Ice tea.....Just make sure you get it fresh.
4	I eat here often..... The food is always fresh and it's close to my house.... Getting a little pricey but still worth it.
3	PUT UP SOME GOOD WINDOW SHADES!  Brutal sun exposure at sunset a.k.a. dinner time.  The food was decent.
2	Went here for lunch. Got white rice and orange chicken. The rice was undercooked and crunchy. The orange chicken tasted like chicken nuggets. Pretty sure they forgot the orange sauce. Chicken was also a little over cooked and pretty dry. Also... what Panda or any Chinese food place DOES NOT have chop sticks?!?!?!
5	the BEST CUSTOMER SERVICE I have ever had at a fast-food restaurant.I arrived at 8:45pm and the place was packed.  3 employees on the line and 3 cooking.  You could tell they were working hard to get everyone served quickly.I ordered egg rolls with my meal, and they had just sold out.  It happens.  He asked me if I minded waiting for a fresh batch, and I told him it was no problem.  Well, it did take a while for them to be ready...to the point that most people might have started getting mad.  But, here's why I was impressed:#1.  I have no idea who the manager was.  Everyone was on their game to get it done and you could tell that they genuinely cared.#2.  While I was waiting, they apologized and I knew they meant it.  Two of them asked how my day was.#3.  I was offered a cup to get something to drink while I waited (I hadn't ordered a drink).#4.  When I left, he said:  "I'd like to offer you a coupon for the next time you come in.  Since you had to wait as long as you did."  It was an unexpected but nice touch.In times that it's so easy to get pissed off about things that are beyond anyone's control, it's great to see that people actually care about serving customers.
5	The service started great with a warm and inviting greeting, proper smile, and genuine thank you. I ordered the orange chicken with steamed brown rice.  The food was good. I was extremely impressed with the level of cleanliness in this location. The floors, including the tile grout were deep cleaned and I was impressed.The overall cleanliness was awesome, and something that I pay close attention to while eating out. This is now  my goto eatery!
4	Panda Express is one of my favorite fast food option if you are looking for asian cuisine in a hurry. The employees at this particular location are friendly, quick, and attentive to my quirky style of ordering. I always get the two plate entree with a mix of rice and chow mien finished off with their delicious orange chicken and teriyaki chicken. if you are looking for a quick bite and not really feeling the mikey D's route I would recommend panda express. its amazing.
5	Super nice girl working the counter (jasmine)! The past 2 times I was at Panda Express they were soooo rude because I'm a vegetarian. But she offered to make me fresh tofu eggplant because I said the one on the buffet looked sketchy!!!! Food also not bad.
5	Super clean and the food very tasty, i usually  dont go to this kind of restaurants,  but this one  is amazing, thanks  to Veronica and Savannah and the cooks of course
5	I eat lunch here fairly often as I work in the area. Consistent quality and the service is way above average for a fast food place. The reviewers that complain about the food quality are off base at this price point. This is a fast food place. The staff here is always fast and polite and try to help anyway they can.
