4	If you have out of town guests and need a special place for dinner, consider Il Terrazzo. It's "resort casual" dining, meaning the setting is elegant (even romantic) but you can get away with wearing jeans. The dinner menu is set up for a progressive dining experience. You can choose a starter, second course, main course and dessert, or you can mix and match for as large or small a meal as you want. They have a decent selection of wines by the glass - domestic and Italian - so that you could have different varietals with each course. We started with the cheese plate - the choices were okay, not too special, but the accompanients were greats, especially the 25-year aged balsamic. For the second course, I had the agnolotti pasta stuffed with goat cheese and thyme. It's not served with any kind of sauce but eat them quickly or they'll get a little oily. My friend opted for the Lattuga del Burro - butter lettuce salad with buttermilk gorgonzola dressing, pancetta and baby tomatos. My main course was the Ossobuco with saffron rissotto - fall off the bone tender and fantastic flavor although a few bites of the rissotto were a little crunchy (undercooked). You can get any of the dishes on the pasta course as a main course size.The ricotta cheese cake, hazelnut praline mousse and house-made ice creams are delectable, so save room for dessert.They serve breakfast and lunch as well, which should be impressive based on what we saw at dinner.
1	We had a $180 gift certificate to burn at the Phoenician, and our first choice was to spend it at J&G's steakhouse, but they don't honor them. So....2nd choice was Il Terrazzo. Beatiful environment, and that's about the only positive thing I'll say about this place. We started with the Calamari for an appetizer, and a couple of drinks. We finally had these after 30 minutes of waiting.  The Calamari tasted like it came from a Jack in the Box drive thru. No joke! And, the sauce that came with it tasted like it came from a Reser's container.We went with the Caesar salad next. Very plain, just lettuce, dressing and croutons. For dinner we had a pasta dish with spinach and mushrooms, and we requested chicken to be added. We had been at our table about 2 hours by the time this arrived, and only had 2 drinks (we would have been about 6-8 deep if there was ANY service). And.....after all of that waiting.....our dinner arrives only to discover that it has no flavor at all. We try to get our check, and this took an additional 30 minutes, and they were unable to figure out how to use their own gift cards. Boo-urns on Terrazzo, unfortunately.
5	WHAT A GREAT PLACE FOR KIDS!!!!  I came here tonight to dine and what a surprisingly kid friendly place. I thought there would be no place to bring the kids in a fancy, upscale restaurant like this, but there were other toddlers yelling and screaming in the bar. So I let my kids run around too.  I'm sure nobody in the dining area minded. And even the teens get a great place to hang out adjacent to the bar! Tonight was American Idol night, and they let us turn up the volume on the TV sets in the dining area. Just a little louvred door was pulled shut to help quiet the 80 decibel noise from the guests. I'm sure they didn't mind. The food was deeee lish!!
2	Don't believe what you read about the famous Phoenician Sunday Brunch. Just another disappointment to the already overrated restaurant scene in or near the Scottsdale area.I had guests from out of town and decided to take them to the Sunday Brunch since I've heard so much hype about it from local reviewers. I, myself, have never been there but I thought this would be a good opportunity to check it out while entertaining guests. I mean, it's the prestigious Phoenician, so what could go wrong. The Brunch is $45 per person, so you can only imagine what a grand display they would have. I mean, the Wynn in Las Vegas charges around the same and they have an amazing and elegant display of cuisines. At the Phoenician Brunch, the breakfast buffet portion of the brunch is just a hair better than the Holiday Inn complimentary breakfast (which is free by the way). They had custom made omelettes, cereal, assorted pastries, and standard breakfast fare (bacon, potatoes, eggs, and fruit). But that's it. That's all the breakfast buffet offered.The lunch portion is a 3 course menu affair. It consisted of an appetizer, main course, and dessert. The appetizers offered sounded good but were not prepared very well. The main courses were decent but not for the price you pay. The desserts come out in a tower for the entire table to pick off of. They, too, were decent but not for the price you pay.The only thing that the Phoenician lived up to its reputation is the service. It was exceptional and to the standard of the hotel. However, I wasn't paying for service. I wanted to pay for a high-end, quality brunch. So if you just want to be treated like royalty (and pay like royalty) yet served less than royal food, this is the place for you. As for me, I can wait to hit up Vegas again. More value for my money out there especially in these economic times.
4	My boyfriend and I enjoyed dinner at Il Terrazzo this weekend.   We sat in a cozy booth that was somewhat private considering the lack of guests in the restaurant.  I was surprised how dead it was inside the restaurant, but then  I realized the majority of people choose to eat outside on the patio, which has a great view. We enjoyed a bottle of wine from their rather extensive wine list.  The service was great.  The food was excellent.  The prices were reasonable.  I would definitely go back here for another quiet romantic dinner with my man.You could enjoy a great inexpensive dinner OR really indulge in a fancy meal.   Either way, plan to spend some time there.   It's a slow paced, enjoy your meal restaurant.
4	Jared and I went on a date to Il Terrazzo for dinner on Friday night.  We had a gift card valid for dinner for two, and we were waiting for the perfect night to use it.  Friday night was just cool enough to sit outside and enjoy the patio at Il Terrazzo, and we did just that...Service was spot on, ambiance was great, and food did not disappoint either.  I forgot how much I am a fan of the Phoenician's homemade bread until our basket came... pair that with the dirty martini I ordered and I was one happy camper!  But of course we didn't stop there.  I had a Caesar Salad and J went with the Caprese Salad to start.  He ordered Veal Ravioli for the next course and of course I had to try it... it was creamy and heavy but in a good way.  We definitely could've stopped there but too late - our entrees were on their way!  J went with the Kobe Flat Iron and I had the Scallops.  Way way way too much food, but we did take home leftovers.  We passed on dessert but still left with full bellies.Il Terrazzo is on the pricey side.  As a matter of fact, our gift card covered everything but my drink, and my one martini was $19.77 before tip!  Pretty insane, right?  I'm not sure we'd rush back on our own dime, but we'll be there in a heartbeat if someone else foots the bill!
4	Birthday dinner~ Excellent service!It was my 29th birthday and we decided to celebrate at a highly recommended place by my relatives. We arrived a little later than planned due to parking, but it wasn't any worse than any other hotel restaurants. We were greeted by a professional host who wished me a happy birthday and sat us in a rather large table for the two of us.The server was extremely polite and gave us ample time to look over the menu as this was our first visit. Not entirely sure if we just looked like regulars, but no recommendations were given initially. We ordered our meals; started with the Tuna (excellent) appetizer, she ordered the Salmon and I ordered the American Kobe Flat Iron. The meals were perfectly spread out in terms of when it came, and the portions were excellent. You must try the smash potatoes! If you are a bacon fan like I am, you will love it! The salmon was cooked perfectly but the American Kobe was just a tad bit salty ~ but cooked perfectly the way I ordered it.After our meal the waiter brought us a cookie sampler and some excellent wine as a complimentary gift. The wine was very smooth and complimented the cookies very well; there were 4 different kinds, each delectable as the previous.The atmosphere is of a high-end restaurant where you can pretty much guess that the dishes are at least $30 each, and the choice of dark finishes on the furniture along with the light tablecloths well exemplifies the high-end feel. The only reason why I give this a 4 star is due to the seating; they tried to sit us in a nice area away from the crowd, but it was too close to the door where people were walking in and out constantly throughout our meal~ kudos for trying though.All in all, this is an excellent restaurant and I would highly recommend it as the food is as good as the service~ I hope you enjoy it as much as I did! - Cheers
3	Ate breakfast here a couple times during our stay at the Phoenician.  The terrace seating is where it's at!  This place has a beautiful view of the Phoenician grounds with the desert hills in the background.  With a hot cup of coffee and a complimentary hotel copy of the WSJ, it's pretty much the perfect way to start your day....Maybe that's how they justify charging $17-25 for breakfast, plus an additional $6 - yes SIX DOLLARS - for a regular cup of joe!  Hear that?  That's the sound of one star swooshing away!   Sure, the food here is solid (try the Carnitas Huevos Rancheros - YUM), but after two days of this we just got tired of dropping $75 on breakfast.The other star is lost due to service.  Both mornings we waited a good 10 min for anyone to take a drink order, and another 10 min before we actually received our overpriced cups of coffee.  I don't care if you're a diner or a 4-star hotel, 20 min is too long to wait for a freaking cup of coffee!
3	This was my first trip to the famed Phoenician Resort.  I have to admit that it's even nicer than The Arizona Biltmore Resort, although the Biltmore's dark concrete gives it a sort of old-world charm.  The light stucco of the Phoenician, along with the amazing pool and lush greenery, give it a tropical feel that is somewhat similar to the top Vegas resorts.After our complementary valet parking, we made our way to Il Terrazzo, the Italian restaurant on the first floor.  It's classical and elegant inside the restaurant with a stunning view, especially if you sit outside on the terrace.  We opted to sit inside because it was still quite warm at night, and most of patrons outside were dressed more casually than us.The restaurant had a very nice wine list, including many glasses and half bottles.  They served 4 different types of bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  All were delicious.  My wife especially liked the olive bread, which was lost on me because I dislike olives.  Unfortunately, the bread may have been the high point of the meal for me.Our arugula salad had an interesting mix of blueberries, peaches, hazelnuts, and shaved romano cheese in it.  Against all those sweet elements, the vinagrette dressing was too sweet and there was too much of it.  There was also too much cheese.  (Note: It was nice of them to split the salad into two portions for us.)I ordered the braised short ribs with mascarpone polenta.  The meat was very tender, and both elements were tasty, but it was a very rich meal.  It needed some sort of fresh element or vegetable, and I should have only eaten half of the portion.  Unfortunately, I have the clean-your-plate mentality of a puppy.  My wife's scallops were fantastic and  perfectly prepared.  The gnocchi that came with the scallops were not the creamiest or fluffiest gnocchi that I've ever tasted, but they were seared on one side, which gave them a nice flavor and texture change.Since they knew it was our anniversary, they served us a complementary plate of cookies and decorative chocolate, along with 2 glasses of sparkling blush wine.  It was a very sweet gesture, but the cookies were mediocre, and I was looking forward to ordering an elaborate dessert from a fine restaurant.In summary, Il Terrazzo serves beautiful plate presentations, befitting this beautiful restaurant in a beautiful resort.  The service was outstanding.  The meals were not grossly overpriced, but I expected better food at that price tag.
4	Honestly the best ny strip I have had in years    resturants decor outdated but tastey food
2	The only reason I am giving this 2 stars is because I enjoyed the appetizers (beet and mozzarella salad) and the arugula salad.   But I paid $48 for the worst steak of my life.  I ordered the ribeye and it was the WORST cut of meat i ever had.  I could have made better steak at home for much less $.   It was clearly a bad cut of meat bc it was so chewy i could barely eat it.  It was overseasoned with salt - probably because the meat itself had no taste.  Never ever again.
1	Wow, and not in a good way.  At age 50, I have been to a lot of restaurants in my life.  And the last couple years flying more than 100k miles a year for business I have dined at restaurants all over the US and Canada.  This was one of the worst dining experiences ever at a restaurant with a pedigree, this is not the freaking Waffle House (oh by the way I have been to The waffle house and it was better than this place ).  Not the food....the service.. we went with friends at 8pm on a Saturday night... really on the weekend you should be on your A game.  This is a beautiful resort ( The Phoenician) so as a new Phoenix area resident I was excited to visit.  The first omen of doom was when we (4) arrived at 8:05 for our 8 pm reservation and had to wait several minutes before we were escorted to our table past an empty bar and a less than half full dining area.... then after an extended wait someone asked if we wanted water..  By the way the water sucks in AZ so skip the tap water and help the environment.  Then after an extended wait our waiter cruised by and took our cocktail order... pretty simple order... no one in bar....close to 15 minutes before drinks arrived... I could have gone behind the bar and poured them in  5...oh my friend ordering a drink asks for extra lime slices... of course no extra limes come...gotta ask again AND after an extended wait (you seeing a theme here?) limes appear.  waiter finally comes by for us to order...two steaks for the friends an order of pasta for me and my daughter had fish....now we WAIT.....everyone finishes their drinks but where is the waiter?  The place is near empty....So is the bar...we ask the cat pouring the water to send the waiter over..After an extended wait he wanders by and looks shocked that we want another round after only 25 minutes.Oh, wait...the calamari appetizers took forever as well.  Octopus is not indigenous to the valley so they weren't out fishing.   Now this is critical to the story...we ordered sides... one grilled asparagus..two broccollini.  Our friends steaks arrived along with the broccollini.  My daughter and I have nothing.....AFTER AN EXTENDED PERIOD OF TIME....where we are begging our friends just to eat their steaks some woman comes out and says there has been a mistake and our dishes should be out promptly....well not that prompt but it arrived finally and was dangerously hot, but tasty.  So my friend finishes her steak and announces she is done and what arrives 25 minutes into dinner??? The grilled asparagus she had ordered as a side..  by this time we are wondering if there are hidden cameras and we are on America's Worst Restaurants....it is PAINFUL......Waiter 101 says you should check on your customers frequently....not at IL Terrazzo. It was pitiful.... It would have been funny but it was damn expensive.  AWFUL EXPERIENCE.  No apologies from the staff, no hey can we give you a comp dessert, or really sorry how about we take care of the drinks.... Hey what can we do to make it better.. We all have been to places that acknowledge problems and try to solve them.. NOPE, not at Il Terrazzo.... This must be their standard operating procedure.  As God is my witness I will live in the Phoenix area for the rest of my life and I will never go back to Il Terrazzo, as a matter of fact I doubt I will visit the Phoenician either.I use yelp all the time when I travel.... Stay away from this train wreck.  Lots of other good places in Scottsdale. Learn from our mistake... Really, even if you stay at the resort explore the city and eat somewhere else.  Oh I forgot, they give you bread.  we ate the bread, it was not a lot of bread ... we asked for more bread...  you got it!  No more bread for you!.....  The Il terrazzo nazi!!!
5	This is a great place for Sunday brunch!  All-you-can eat buffet for $25/person, including bottomless mimosas.  All of the food was fresh and delicious -- not what you expect from a typical buffet in that price range.The outdoor tables are comfortable and relaxing and the resort atmosphere around the hotel makes for a fun experience.Just don't try to hang out at the pool after -- you'll be asked to leave if you aren't staying at the hotel!
5	Breakfast, Lunch, or Dinnner..... This elegant and beautiful restaurant is top notch in service and food.
2	My husband I stayed at the Phoenician for my birthday and the hotel is overall beyond exceptional . I am really disappointed I didn't give J&G a chance (it took 30 minutes just to greet us to order a drink and terrazzo was our second choice.)Il Terrazzos setting is exquisitely romantic , the wine list is better than J&G. I started out with the Potato Chowder , the presentation was fun and the soup was really good. My husband had a caesar, the dressing had the perfect lemon touch, I liked it, but my husband thought it was too salty. We both ordered filets and like they say don't order steak at an Italian Restaurant ;not true, but in this case it was one of the worse steaks I've had. I ordered mine medium and my husband medium rare. The steaks didn't come out as requested, I nibbled on mine but it was too dry to finish and my husband returned his because it was well done. When he cut into the replacement steak there was no jus at all, both of are steaks so dry it wasn't easy to cut through , you just wanted a pound of sauce for moisture. Disappointing for a 42.00 steak and 150.00 check for a disappointing meal. the waiter was really great and made our experience pleasant and we tipped well even though the food was horrible. I think he felt bad and he sent complementary  goat cheese cake and a chocolate torte wine champagne to our room. It was a great way to end the night .. I don't think I will revisit the restaurant, but I do hope they get take a hint and improve the quality.
2	Stuffy, overpriced, and boring!  We went for breakfast (because it appeared there was no other on resort options).  We were greeted by a formal gentleman in a suit and immediately felt as if we were in a courthouse and not a restaurant for breakfast.  We sat on the outdoor patio which was very nice.  The service was fine.  The food was totally boring and COMPLETELY OVERPRICED.  Breakfast for 3 was $85.00!  Get a grip!  We left the resort the next day and ventured in to town where we found a GREAT local place.
4	My friend and I split courses here for lunch and it was way more than enough food. Our waitress was such a lovely person! Amazing service for sure (Bernadette! Loved her). We split: a glass of wine (recommendation by Bernadette, stellar); the arugula and endive salad (great esp for hot weather); and the daily risotto, which was super good (english peas, ham, marscapone, pecorino romano), and then, because Susie couldn't resist, topped it off with a creme brulee. Sitting on the patio with a fan, views over the pools, relaxing on a lazy Monday was lovely.
5	I have dined at this fine establishment multiple times. And i have to say, it is quite a fantastic place. The reasoning behind this isn't based solely on the food (which is quite excellent), the setting (tucked close to Camelback Mountain), or the ambiance (cool, quiet, and up class). No. It has a lot to do with the remarkable service. They treat you well without being fake or smug. They seek to provide an overall excellent dining experience. And they bend over backwards to ensure your food is crafted the way you like. I love Il Terrazzo, and you will too.
3	We had the breakfast buffet. There were plenty of choices including an omelet station. Things were fine except Jose did not bring us our drinks. I had to flag someone else down to get our drinks toward the end of the meal. Food is good. Service not as good.
5	Wow! Excellent summer 3 course prix fixe meal for only $29 or pair each course w/ wine for only $10 more! The short rib was very tender & the risotto was simply amazing, just the right texture and great flavor. Service was impeccable just like you would expect from the lovely Phoenician Resort. Sometimes it pays to be a local especially during the summer months. A+
3	Il Terrazzo is pretty good but its definitely a hotel restaurant  at a price point equivalent to the hotel its in.  I'd only go back if I were staying at the hotel again.
4	Been here for dinner and brunch I have to say skip dinner and come here for Sunday brunchbuffet offers excellent food great place to hang out with the girlfriends after massage or just to walk around and look at their art collection and many waterfallsDress code:casual
1	We stayed at the Phoenician and had the opportunity to dine at Il Terrrazzo for breakfast.  It would have been a lovely experience if it was not for the fact that the host was overly pretentious and the lady at the bar wasn't able to handle more than 4 customers at a time.   It's unfortunate that a beautiful property like the Phoenician doesn't prioritize employing more competent hospitable people.
5	The full buffet is absolutely wonderful, the service is nothing short of perfect and the atmosphere is relaxed and peaceful. The smoked salmon is beautiful, the omelet bar is nothing short of impressive, they served the perfectly portion-sized egg white burritos served with red pepper cream cheese and pomegranate pico de gallo, roasted vegetables (brussel sprouts, asparagus, golden beets, eggplant and more), charcuterie, rosemary potatoes, french toast with amazing maple syrup, surprisingly good scrambled eggs & the most amazing parfait served in a martini glass that had the creamiest and most flavorful yogurt I did not anticipate loving as much as I did.All in all, I would highly recommend for breakfast of you are staying at the Phoenician.
5	I went to breakfast at this restaurant and had such a wonderful experience. I had the buffet which had lots of options. The food was freshly prepared and tasted good. The waiter was a gentleman named Kenny, he was very prompt, and our coffee, juice and water was always refreshed. I would recommend this place to others and would definitely go back. The staff was very friendly and attentive. The presentation and taste of the food was excellent. The price is not cheap, but I feel you get your money's worth with the whole experience.
2	Service was excellent however the dining hall is not a welcoming  environment. It's like a rubber duck banquet hall... Also food quality was sub par. Food was salty and the chicken dish I ordered was stringy and disappointing for the high the high price they charge. Wouldn't recommend it.
3	This is a great place for a quiet lunch (exactly what we did when we first arrived) although, it was almost....too quiet. We returned the next day for the breakfast buffet and felt it was over priced. Though our toddler ate free, the bill was almost $70 for two of us....a lot for breakfast with very standard fare....Venture off site (if you can!) to Daily Dose or Arcadia Farms for breakfast nearby....
1	I do not even know where to start. As we are seated we had to clean our own chairs off of all sorts of crumbs and food from the previous diners. The hostess just stood there as we are cleaning our own chairs. The food was not very good. Cold eggs. We ordered pancakes. Had to ask 3 separate people. Finally received the pancakes after an hour. Water was hardly filled. But they were sure to throw the bill down on the table  25 mins after we got there. I was walking back to my seat from buffet and one of the serves pushed past me to get by. When the proper etiquette would be to yield to the paying customer to get back to their seat. It really was a bad experience. We have been here several times over the years and each time it gets worse. We will not be giving it another chance
5	(I am a Phoenician employee working in the pastry shop; I took my mom here for her birthday.)Claudia was a gracious and kind host and our main server, Zoey, was very sweet. The other servers (Arturo, Israel, Max) were awesome as well. The General Manager, Mike Lee was more than accommodating.I had talked to Chef de Partie Dallas the night before and he said he would do something nice for us. The food he made us was a lovely surprise. Everything was delicious and was easily the best food both me and my mom have ever had. I was able to make my mom a special dessert thanks to Chef Roy in the pastry shop.At the end of our meal, I asked for the check and was told not worry and that everything had been taken care of. My jaw just about dropped to the table. My mother and I were completely floored by the incredible service, food, and generosity of the entire staff. It was a truly wonderful and unforgettable experience. If this is how awesome Phoenician employees are treated, then Phoenician guests must be treated tenfold.Thank you to everyone, both named and unnamed.Andromeda
4	Il Terrazzo is located within the Phoenician.  We had a continental breakfast here on Saturday morning before our hike up Camelback and had brunch/lunch here on Sunday so we could watch football. Saturday morning was fine, the continental breakfast is quite pricey ($17 per person) but luckily we had two coupons so we got it for free.  The breakfast has the normal oatmeal, cereal, fruit, muffins sort of thing.  Sunday morning was much better because we ate at in the bar area.  Sunday they have bottomless mimosas included in the price of the breakfast, which was great since it was our last day and we were leaving in the afternoon.  We were able to use our voucher value towards the price of lunch instead of having the same breakfast as the day before.  I had a turkey club on foccatia bread and the BF had a cheeseburger.  Both came with fries and both were quite good.  The service was fantastic.  All in all, the only reason this is a 4 instead of a 5 was because their hostess is quite unpleasant.  Not only that, I'm highly confused as to why this seating process takes so long when there are tons of open tables in the dining room and most people are going for the buffet area.  Tip: Sit in the bar area, you get the same menu, same prices and better/friendlier service without the wait :)
1	I apologize for the delay of this review but circumstances prevented me from writing it sooner.  I took my wife to Il Terrazzo for Mothers day and the service and food was very poor quality. We had heard this was going to be an exceptional experience, little did we realize it was going to be notable for the wrong reasons.Much of what was to be hot, was cold, Music that was blasting through very poor speakers made conversation almost impossible and their follow up to our complaint was as unsatisfactory as the dining experience.I contacted the restaurant and received a very nice note expressing an apology and invitation to return at their expense. Health issues prevented me from accepting the offer for a few months.  Once my health returned I contacted Mike Lee the GM who had been our previous contact.  Funny thing this time he chose to ignore my email, not even the courtesy of saying the offer was no longer extended.  So they now have taken a bad dining experience and made the entire situation even more irritating.  They may well be a great restaurant but from our perspective we could have gotten the same treatment at Denny's, it just would not have been as expensive.
5	Most amazing Christmas Brunch! The only other comparison is to the Four Seasons Resort in Maui. The service was incredible.  Steve took very good care of us.  The meats were tender and flavorful, the fish superb, cheeses delicious and pastries succulent. The mimosas kept coming and the latte was just right. We loved seeing all the other guests in their finest clothes. It was just great entertainment and delicious food.
