5	I found him in Yelp, and you know what?  Their office is excellent.I called after 5, thinking they'd be closed like most offices, and the very helpful receptionist told me how to get a discount plan (I don't have dental insurance) to save on my upcoming work, and gave me a code to save 10% on the plan (sure I'm sure they get something out of it, but who cares?  They saved me over $200!).Front office people are nice, the dental assistants are nice, and Dr. Garhardt is cool and sets a comfortable and real tone.  He's down to earth.  TV's in every room, you can watch ESPN or whatever you want, they give you control of the remote.Generally, I don't like the dentist, and it's not my choice of things to do...but if I have to go I'm going to Dr. Garhardt.JasePS I had a crown done.  Earlier in the week I went to another dentist and paid $90 just to be told they couldn't tell if I needed a root canal and they wanted to refer me to a specialist.  If I had just gone here 1st I could have saved another $90.  Plus, not up-selling me a root canal they saved me another $1,000.
5	Great staff and absolutely wonderfu dentist.  I do not enjoy the dentist one bit but Dr. Garhardt made me very comfortable and he's very personable.  Love this office and I never imagined myself saying this about a dentist office.
5	this place was fantastic.  dr garnhardt and his staff made me feel like a person, not a number, and everyone treated me great.  the place is clean, professional, and they even educate you on everything they're doing to you.  they don't just go and do stuff with you walking out having really no clue what just happened.  the cleaning part sucked, but that's my own fault for not flossing enough lol.  great dentist office, will recommend to everyone!
5	So impressed with the employees and Dr. Garhardt! Definitely our new dentist! 5+ stars
5	Since moving here 14 years ago, I have had a difficult time finding a dentist I liked.  Previous dentists I went to were too busy and too expensive (even with insurance).  Every other dentist also tried to up-sell me on all the "cosmetic" services, even after politely telling them it wasn't something I needed or wanted.  Steve (he prefers that over being called Doctor) and his crew are completely different.  The entire staff is really friendly and completely professional.  The prices, while not cheap, were very reasonable and they NEVER attempted to sell me anything I didn't want or need.Over the past six weeks, I had a cleaning, exam, xrays, two fillings, and a cracked crown replaced.  While a visit to the dentist is never fun, the doctor and staff always made the experience comfortable and relatively painless.  I can't tell you how many times during the procedures I was asked if I was doing okay and if there was any pain.  They were very caring and wanted to make sure the procedures were bearable.I can't say enough about the people at this office.  If I could give them more than five stars I would.Great job guys!  See you in six months.
5	What a great place. I have been coming here for 11 years now. Dr. Garhardt is fantastic with people who fear the dentist. He will explain everything and take the time to make you feel comfortable. The cute women that work in the office make things a little easier to be at the dentist. The only problem I have is that they're so good, they are super busy. Cleaning appointments can schedule 8 months out but if you have a problem, you will not wait for more than a day or two.
5	Easily and definitely one of the very best.  First, the staff: Professional, courteous, and most responsive when things come up.  The ladies in the front office know what they are doing, and do their best to accommodate everyone as best they can.Now, Dr. Garhardt is simply on an entirely different level that other Doctors.  Yeah, that's right, I said Doctors, not just dentists! His demeanor and level of caring and concern truly reflect the kind person that he is, and does what he does because he cares.  The dental assistants and hygienists walk the same path.  Always concerned, thorough, and caring.Over the years, I've referred quite a few friends and family to Dr. Garhardt, because I knew they would be taken care of properly. I've not had a single person I know have ANY issue. The only tough thing, so to speak, is the bar this Doctor sets for other physicians, regardless of field and practice!
5	Rex Marvin is a tough guy. A man's man. He once wrestled Christina Aguilera for 3 hours over the last Twinkies.  Rex lost. Rex is not ashamed. Most men can't get a piece of food away from Christina without a gang of bikers with chains, a Brinks Truck and  4 taser guns. She is a beefy gal. A hungry gal.  A motivated Gal.Rex does have one fear. Dentists. Rex cries. Rex yells. Rex runs. Rex hides. Rex once spent four months in Jerry Seinfeld's gums to avoid a dental cleaning. Oh the iron. The man has a mouth like a giant horse from Mars. Warm and filled with Kassia. Rex would rather hide in his mouth then lets hands go in his.  Where have those hands been? More importantly...were those hands someone Else's before they were the dentists? You never know. Dentists are insane.Dr. Garhardt is not only a good man but a great dentist. He treated Rex gently...which is the opposite of what Rex usually pays for. Rex has one rule...Gentle in the mouth...okay...that is one rule for him...but the ladies know that isn't true.  Right, ladies? you're welcome.the staff is great, they treated Rex with respect and courtesy. The Dr. did good work and Rex is smiling happy. His one tooth is a beautiful shiny green...it could be white how would I know the acid it is kicking in and the corpse of Danny Kaye is back telling me what to do. Horrible things.Thanks, Doc. You rock!
5	My entire family has gone to Doc for years. He's wonderful.  He is the kind of dentist that puts everyone at ease, including those who need extensive dental work.  Dr. Garhardt is professional and down to earth.  He once came in outside office hours to help my poor husband who had (unbeknown to us) an abscessed tooth.  He'd just returned from a fishing trip, it was a Friday night, and it was either the ER or Doc's office.  He's just that kind if guy.  He goes out of his way to take care of his patients.  I believe he also takes just as good care of his staff, who are always warm, welcoming and helpful.  Dr. Garhardt also cared for my disabled father, going above and beyond to ensure his comfort and care were top-notch. Recently my family relocated to Denver, and we are sad that Doc won't be our dentist any longer, but I had to write a review acknowledging his practice.  Anyone on the Las Vegas/Henderson area would be well served to seek out Dr. Garhardt!
5	Best dentist office i have ever been to. 40 second wisdom tooth removal, while i thought he was playing around... I could tell more but than you'll think i'm a family member:))
5	Best dentist I've ever had! I totally recommend this place. I had an emergency tooth extraction done and it was pain free. At first, I didn't wanna believe it and 15 mins later my tooth was gone. Great customer service and they also check up on you a couple of hours after the procedure.
3	The dentist here is fantastic, however beware of the office manger Rohnda. She is incredibly rude and condescending. We will be switching dentist after a run in with her.
5	Dr. Garhardt is an awesome dentist. My family and I have seen him since the opening in 1999. I have referred many friends and family to him over the years.  Everyone I know who's seen him loves him.  A great family man, who is a gentle giant, compassionate about his patients and craft. I have always appreciated his conservative approach to my treatment. I am happy to recommend anyone to Dr. Garhardt, being confident they will have the same great experience.
