4	If you want to try one of teh best home-made mole negro dishes in town, this is the place. The food is outstanding. Only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it's a tiny hole in the wall that tends to be crowded and very noisy at peak hours. If you like great, real Mexican food, though, this place is hard to beat. So are the prices, by the way.
4	$0.99 tacos - generously sized and very tasty.  The fact that you can sit down at this price is amazing - who cares about the lack of decor.  To top, service was very friendly.   We went for lunch on a Sunday and it was packed.  Lamb's the weekend special so we order the lamb soup and the grilled lamb taco.  The shredded lamb in the taco tasted more boiled than grilled - we surmised that this was the reason for the tasty lamby soup.  We ordered a few tacos and liked the al pastor the best.  The dry-rubed spices had completely infused into the meat which combined with the smokiness of the charcoal grill made it one of the best al pastor we'd had.Also liked the horchata - most places make it too sweet - this one was just right allowing other flavors to come through.If you want more details, Seth has a great review with pictures on his blog "Feasting in Phoenix":http://feastinginphoenix.com/?p=223
5	I have lived here my whole life.  And for most of that time I have pretty much eaten gringocized Mexican food.  You know, Ajo Al's, Macayo's, Garcia's, etc.  At this point, it is still a treat for me, but I would rather eat at the authentic Mexican dive with actual Spanish on the menu, dishes I don't recognize and very few white people in the place.  El Nopalito fits the bill perfectly.  This place first popped up on my radar after seeing frequent mentions on Chowhound.  It was right in my neighborhood, but I never got around to trying it until last week. We showed up on a Friday night starving and exhausted from teaching small children and, sadly, laying off employees.  Ick.  We started with two Cokes and some homemade chips with both a green and red salsa.  Both salsas were outstanding, which in my experience is rare.  Generally if you get two salsas on the table, one is terrible and one is at least decent.  And Mexican cokes in the cool bottles?  Yay!  Then we ordered a bowl of tortilla soup to share.  This was flavorful and the tortilla strips were nice and crispy.  We only ordered one portion to share but the server brought us two full bowls and charged us for one.  Generous.  The only room for improvement was temperature.  The soup could have been hotter.  Next, we ordered green chile chicken enchiladas and...and...and I forgot the name of my entree.  It was, however, the server's recommendation and she didn't let me down.  My dish was steak with bacon, green peppers, onions and cheese melted over the top.  All of this was served over two corn tortillas.  Super good.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  The green chile chicken enchiladas were outstanding and the green chile was the best my boyfriend has ever had.  The rice was flavorful and tender and beans great as well.  I had the leftover enchiladas today for lunch and they were awesome all over again.  We'll be back to El Nopalito often.  I'm excited to try the 99 cent street tacos.
4	Pricier than your standard Mexican comfort food place, but still on the cheaper side.  Burritoes come with a little salad and rice.  I had the best bean and cheese burrito of my life here.  And, they serve coke in glass bottles, from Mexico!Definitely recommended if you are in the neighborhood.
5	One of if not the best torta Cubana in town. For a little coin it's almost to much food to finish.
5	Wow!  What a find!  My good friend Rob was to drunk to drive after 5 free rum and cokes from the Embassy Suites Managers Reception...we used Yelp and found this place.  It was 0.1 miles from the hotel.  The food rocked!  Carne Asada, Guac, Beer and Flan...this is living!  Rob upset me though by eating my last bite of Chicken Encihlada...jerk!!!  That was so uncool!  I now have trust issues with Rob! If you are looking for good cheap Mexican and staying at the Embassy Suites this is the place to eat!
4	Service and food is excellent.  $3.99 for a good sized burrito served with rice and beans on the side is a great deal.  Or 99 cent tacos (these are the Mexico "street" style ones served on a soft flat corn tortilla).  All their food is very authentic.The Al Pastor (seasoned grilled pork and onions) is my favorite and is the best I've ever had.  Whether it's in a burrito, taco or torta, I absolutely love it.  The sodas are the kind you'd get in Mexico.. they import them in the glass bottles.  I've always liked these better than the plastic bottle type you get in the states. The Mexican ones are sweeter and less carbonated.Great place, and they have beer too.
5	The tacos rock.Great salsas and great Ice Tea.My new favorite spot.Clean and nice inside.
3	I am debating  between 3 and 4 stars for El Nopalito.  I think it settles perfectly on 3.5 at least for right now.  The Good:* The tacos were very good - whether they warrant the prestigious New Times best of PHX?  I have to disagree on that.* Service was quick, our food came fast and it was fairly busy at the time.* Their menu has an English side for those who are less adept at differing Sopas and Sopes.* It's CHEAP!  Two very full people left only spending a total of ten bucks.* The salsa was SPICY.  Sometimes it seems to be tough to find places that take the risk of offending people with sensitive taste buds.The Meh:* Maybe it was just b/c it was Sunday, but our server didn't really seem happy that we, nor she, were in El Nopalito* They may have been the smallest tacos I've ever had.  That being said, they were only a buck.* El Nopalito is located so close to so many great restaurants that it'll be tough to justify skipping some of those.* The chips for the salsa were lackluster at best.Overall I had a good experience.  I think the description of the three-star review as being "A-OK" is perfect for El Nopalito.  I'd return, but there are a few spots that I would have to give my return business to first!
4	Small hole in the wall but very good food.  I got both red and green salsas for my chips.  Both were very tasty and spicy.  I'd go back just for the salsa's alone, but I also enjoyed the enchilladas suizas I had.  I also experimented with a side dish (chiles *something*), which turned out to be small chiles sauteed with sliced onions.  I loved the onions but couldn't finish more than one or two of the chiles, my bad.  Accordingly, I'd be interested in trying other items on the menu that I couldn't figure out.
5	best all around tacos i've had in a while.  firstly the ingredients are fresh fresh.  secondly they are really tasty.  and lastly its just a buck for a one of em.i'm usualy a fan of carnita but they really make a good al pastor here.some of the best mole sauce i've ever had anywhere.  very well rounded flavor - almost like an indian curry dish.just one complaint - if they call the place nopalito they should be serving nopal.  and why dont they have tamales?
5	I love this place. I've traveled throughout Mexico quite a bit and can say these are the most authentic tacos I've had in Phoenix.  You can even order a michelada. Yum yum yum.
4	I was craving tacos for some odd reason and had previously read other Yelpers reviews of this place.      I just had some of the BEST tacos EVER!  The place was completely empty  when I arrived at 6p.m.  I wanted to try the al pastor tacos but in a crispy shell not soft.   No problem .  My custom -made crispy fried tacos arrive just a few minutes later  hot and crisp  but not greasy- with the pastor (pork and onions) meat inside topped  with shredded lettuce , a little sour cream and and queso blanco .  A large thin tomato slice sat  atop the whole thing.  I was in taco heaven!   Both a spicy  red and green salsa was brought to my table.  The flavors of both salsas were awesome but the consistency was a bit too watery for me. (Ok - I'll live.) The homemade guacamole was also very good  simply made with chumks of avacado and bits of tomato.These tacos were so good I asked if they could add these to their regular menu.   Elena  said that she and the cook had been talking about doing just that!  Elena's brother is the owner and she said that  she would encourage him to do so and call them Tacos Dorados  I hope they do so and soon~! .  I think I'll return tomorrow and try their  tortas.  If they are as good as their tacos I'll rate this place a 5.  (From a 4.5) If you go tell them Renee sent you to try her custom-made Dorado tacos!Beverages offered include soda, beer and horchata .  Gracias Elena!
5	Boy am I glad I went here!Don't let the modest store front fool you. Not only was the feel inside the seven-table dining room intimate, but it also made you feel like a local who was in-the know. It's one of those places that feels like a hidden secret from the never ending rush of the city. Our waitress was very sweet and greeted us promptly as we entered through the glass door. We sat right up front, and were brought simple paper menus displaying the myriad of authentic Mexican dishes available at El Napolito. The highly affordable, and seemingly endless choices between 'a-la carte' tacos and burritos, and combination dishes could be smelt cooking in the tucked away kitchen as we perused the menu. We started with something to drink. I ordered the Apple Soda which is imported from Mexico and was absolutely AMAZING. I wasn't in the mood for an alcoholic beverage, but there was a variety of  bottled beers that I could see in the stand up cooler behind the cash-wrap for those wishing to imbibe. I ordered the Rolled Taco combination plate. I had three rolled tacos (basically chimichangas). They were filled with shredded chicken and deep-fried, then covered with cheese sauce, and lettuce. Rice and re-fried beans were served as sides, and a slice of avocado was the garnish. It was an amazing, authentic meal for a truly outstanding price. The waitress was very attentive throughout our whole meal, and made us feel as if we were in her family kitchen. I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone. Truly a five star experience!
4	Tried this place on a lazy Sunday evening at the recommendation of other reviews, and I would say what others have said is pretty accurate. It is very authentic, looks like a total dive from the outside, and it's in a Hispanic neighborhood. But, the tacos here are great! Now, just to be clear, these are street style tacos, they are small, but they are only $0.99/each, which seems pretty reasonable. I ordered an adobada, al pastor, carnitas, and a shredded beef with red chiles. Each were very good in their own unique ways, the meat was good quality and everything had the appropriate amounts of seasoning and flavor. The adobada was the standout in my mouth, so much that I had to go back and order another one! I also had a side of rice and beans, which were good, but nothing out of the ordinary. So far so good, right? The only slip up this place maybe has, is that my girlfriend, that was with me, who doesn't eat meat, was not overly impressed. She got a bean and cheese burrito and a shrimp taco. The shrimp taco looked good, and she said everything tasted alright, but she was not wowed, like I was, about the quality of the tacos. She did enjoy the beans and rice though. So, this place might not be the best veg friendly location, but I'm not really going to take off for that, because it is very authentic, and veg friendly isn't necessarily what they are trying to do. They are trying to make good, traditional tacos, and that they do that very well. They also serve beer here, and I love the way it's served. Your bottle or can is brought out with a mug that is frosted, salted, and has lime juice in the bottom. Speaking of bringing you the glass, the service is wonderful. Our server was very friendly, patient, nice and helpful. All in all, if you are looking for a good taco shop, nothing fancy, and authentic, this might be your best bet. Or at least it is from the places I have been so far...
4	so heads up on this place - it is TRULY a hole in the wall....stuck in a small strip mall, it doesn't look like much of anything.But OH man is it good and authentic.  Their tacos are divine!  Microscopic, but divine.  Their mole is in the top two in the US.   Their chips weren't as fresh as I'd have liked, but their homemade salsa actually had kick (something that restaurants in the Bay Area are afraid of....it's almost like being in Utah sometimes) (ok, vague....anyone who's had salsa in UT will get that).Their beer is cold. Their service is friendly.  A definite thumbs up, and a definite fan.
5	New in town from San Diego, I've struggled to find "hole in the wall" mexican places in Phoenix...or at least in Scottsdale where I live.  Luckily I found El Napalito near my work.   This place was great, very authentic Mexican.  The 99 cent "chili rojo" beef taco I got was small, like the "street tacos" you get in Mexico, but very very good (and only 99 cents).  Three of these on an elaborately decorated plate in a Scottsdale restaurant would be 13 - 16 bucks.  And the al pastor burrito was very good.  The burrito was also authentic mexican...on the small side, no frills, just meat and sauce, but only $3.99 and it came with rice and beans on the side.  The food alone would probably deserve a four star rating (the taco was better than the burrito), but considering I sat down, was given free chips and salsa, had a taco and burrito with rice and beans for a total of $5.44 (with tax), five stars it is.
3	I have to agree with Dan in saying that the staff didn't seem too excited to be here on the weekend. I came in on a Saturday for a quick lunch before running errands and I was pretty excited after the rave reviews that I read. Unfortunately, as soon as I was seated and started munching on the chips, I was disappointed. They were bland and a bit cold. I didn't let that totally bash my excitement though; I just salted them a little and enjoyed. The salsas were interesting; they were very fresh tasting, but lacked any sort of explosive flavor that I was expecting (The red is much better than the green). With the bland chips, it wasn't much of a pairing, but with the salted chips, I was pleased. For lunch I ordered an al pastor burrito and a barbacoa sope. The burrito was awesome! I actually really liked that it wasn't huge. What it lacked in size, it made up for in flavor. The barbacoa on the other hand, wasn't as good. On the menu it says that barbacoa is only served on Saturday and Sunday. This is apparently because El Napolito's barbacoa is made with lamb. I've had plenty of barbacoa before and I was expecting to be blown away...especially after having some great al pastor, but I wasn't. The meat was really gamy, like really gamy. Salsa and a little salt were needed to make my sope enjoyable, and that was a shame.I would return to El Napolito, but there are loads of great little Mexican places in the area that I'll be stopping by first.
4	I jumped in for a quick bite to eat. Quick and easy. The sauces were hot (a little too hot for me, but hey I am white) but good.Would definitely come back. Felt authentic as well. +5
5	best tacos ever!  I always come in planning on eating 3 or 4 and end up with 13.
5	Excellent steak and al pastor tacos.
5	My husband had been craving tacos. Cheapie little street tacos that remind us of California. We've lived in Arizona 6 years, and never found any that really hit the spot...till now. I found El Nopalito on yelp, less than a mile from my work. Husband met me for "linner" on a Thursday, and the place was empty. We ordered tacos al pastor, tacos de cabeza (for the hubby), a burrito al pastor, rice and beans. Our server told us the al pastor is the most popular, and I can see why. I liked it better in the burrito than in the taco, maybe because you get more flavor from a big bite of just the meat. Husband loved the tacos de cabeza. He said they remind him so much of the ones he used to get from a street vendor in his parents' hometown in Mexico. Rice and beans were great as well. The salsas were good (I like the green more), but the chips were meh. We will definitely be back, to try the rest of the menu. Our server was telling my husband about their huaraches in Spanish. I barely speak any Spanish, but I know that's what I want to try next time!
3	This fairly small place seats about 50 & was nearly full when I stopped in for lunch today, on a Sunday morning.  They have regular table service, & serve lamb on weekends.  I love lamb, so I ordered a lamb taco along with a Chile Relleno Combination.The friendly server lady brought me a small basket of ordinary chips & two generous bowls of strained salsa.  One was green, & too watery.  The other was red, medium spicyness, & ok.In a little while my lamb taco arrived, & it was delicious!  Then a bit later my Chile Relleno plate came out.  The Relleno was large, made from a very mild Pablano chile, & filled with the right amount of cheese, but the cheese wasn't fully melted.  The beans & rice were good, & there was a bit of salad & two medium-sized flour tortillas in a warmer along side.The lamb taco was certainly a nice touch, but considering all, I thought El Nopalito was ok, not great.Chile Relleno Combination $7.99, soft lamb taco $2.99.
4	Let me tell you a story about a time i went down to Mexico... eh maybe not... not appropriate for yelpBut let me do tell you about taking a venture through Mexico right here in phoenix. I love and I mean I LOVE tacos. I enjoyed lunch here today with some coworkers and had the al pastor burrito and al pastor tacos. Holly goodness batman!! Tacos are like right from the streets of Mexico, they are delicious! The al pastor was awesome flavor and really good. The burrito was also very good, the handmade light flour tortilla was perfect. The only problem? I couldnt eat more...I will definitely be back andMy search for a great taco has come to end end
5	Let me start by saying that I love tacos. I eat lots of tacos. When I get hungry one of the first things to cross my mind is tacos. That said, I love El Nopalito for their tacos. I'm pretty picky about my tacos. I don't really like dumb-ass flour tortillas, dry tacos, unseasoned meat in a taco, taco bell is not tacos, the list goes on. I prefer authentic Mexican street tacos.That being said, El Nopalito is the one place in town I feel like I am getting the most authentic street taco that I have been able to find in Phoenix. The only reason I am not here more often is the commute is a bit much as I live in the East Valley.  However, if I am anywhere near the area it is almost mandatory to stop and have at least a taco or two. I recommend trying all of the tacos though my favourite has to be the cabeza (it sounds creepy but is buttery and delicious).It does help if you speak Spanish as it will make ordering and asking any questions you may have easier.
4	This place is cheap and great!  Best pastor tacos in Phoenix for the money!
1	Disappointing. I've been to lots of taquerias in Mexico, St. Louis and California, and this one was way below average. As much as I like authentic Mexican food, I'd prefer a big chain over this place. Not recommended.
5	I think I'm addicted.  It's got three awesome attributes: it's authentic, it's good, and it's cheap.  99 cent street tacos and the 2.99 gordito are amazing.  It looks like a greasy spoon outside, but inside this small joint is clean and friendly.   I've now gone back 4 times in the past 4 weeks.
3	Very inexpensive and tasty, but very TINY tacos al pastor. I mean hobbit-baby sized. Think if White Castle made tacos.  They were good at least. Everything else was bland; particularly the not-at-all spicy salsa. My Mexican associate gave it a 5 out of 10 for taste and authenticity. Not being Mexican, I can't speak to authenticity, but I can say I don't like boring food, no matter if it's authentic.
5	While my friends were in Rocky Point for spring break (yes, this still happens after college), me and my man were having some serious taco stand cravings.  There's this place I have been meaning to try forever, I tell him.  As soon as I said "Hole in the wall mex joint" he was enthusiastically driving in their direction.  As soon as we stepped in and we were the only gringos in there, I knew we were in for a treat.  The senoras who were working were so sweet to us, brought us out the complimentary chips and salsa, and guided us on what tacos were the best.  We each got 3 different ones to try, and my favorite that day was the cabeza (who would have thought!).  After an order of guac, 2 drinks, I was almost embarrassed that the bill was so cheap - like I was getting away with some kind of crime by not paying more.  It was more than reasonable.  The man was so impressed that he went back the following weekend to surprise me with takeout breakfast in bed.  The senoras recognized him and made him feel so welcome and special.  On weekends, they serve this lamb soup, in fact I saw a few familias feasting on the soup the prior weekend, and she sat him down and gave him a hefty sampling complete with all the fixings on the side, along with chips and salsa while he waited for his takeout order.  He brought me chilaquiles which were awesome, and he had a breakfast burrito which was not as fat as your typical drive by, but I thought that the ingredients tasted fresher.  Either way, this has become a place in the rotation for sure.
4	Napolitos is awesome, and one of my most frequented dining places.  They have a chicken mole plate here that I'm just addicted to (the mole enchiladas are good too).  The Tortas were also awesome in the past, but I'm gluten free these days, and the Mole dishes with corn tortillas hit the gluten free mark for me.The place is small, and in a pretty basic strip mall, but they've done some remodeling / refreshing lately, and it is nice and comfortable for us.  Not fancy, but plenty comfortable. I'll agree with other reviewers, the chips aren't the most awesome, but the salsas are plenty good, and the staff knows me well, and are always highly attentive and pretty proficient.Bottom line, this isn't a fancy outing for me, but I love this place, and it will never fall off my list of regular dining venues.  At least once a week I'm there!
1	Terrible Meal!!!! Me And My Girl Had The Huaraches. Traditional Mexican Confort Food. First Off The Huarache Is Supposed To Be Fried, It Wasn't. Second The Meat Is Supposed To Be Suculently Delicious It Wasn't, For The Amount Of Time It Took To Cook, It Should Have. Third Is You Have To Pay Per Drink. The Drinks They Have For Sale Are Not Very Big What Ever They May Be, Water, Soda Or Haguas Frescas Like The Horchata. Fourth Service Was Mediocre And Last We Got Overcharged Even With The 20% Discount This App Offers. NEVER GOING BACK!!!!!
3	Have eaten here many times. the most recent visit was just last nite. myself and two friends, we were warmly greeted. Our drink order taken and without hesitation fresh totopos(corn chips) and two fresh salsas were brought to our table. Their salsas are always very good,.flavourful with a good amount of kick and not overly salty. one friend ordered chicken tacos with rice and beans, the other ordered steak burro with a side of beans, I ordered bean sopes..two of us ordered jaimiaca  for  beverages.my friend says his chicken tacos were fine, but that they were smaller then usual and that the amount of rice and beans on his plate was also small. my friend said his steak burro was very good. just that it was lacking any thing interesting. their was only meat in the burro no tomatoes no onions said it tasted good it could have had some thing else. my sopes were very good but on the small side. this place gets a extra star from me because they always grill my sopes instead of frying them and not all restaurants will do that. I must say this time the sopes were smaller and they did not have much beans on them in fact they didn't put much on them at all. usually they are topped with beans lettuce oinons and shredded cheese this time it was just a small  amount of beans, and just a tiny amount of lettuce. I also orderd chillis torreados with onions. the chillis  are always perfect here they don't over cook them. the onions on the other hand are always very oily and over cooked. Over all I like this place and would recommend.  the fact that they have sopes and huaraches. Because if you look most Mexican restaurants don't have sopes, gorditas or huaraches. At least on my local restaurant search. their are just a handful of restaurants that offer this on the menu. The staff here is always accommodating and friendly.  the price is average and just about what you would pay at any other Mexican restaurant. have yet to find...... Does anybody know a good Mexican restaurant that makes the corn tortillas fresh daily, and a big plus if they make them by hand .  just the best so delicious, theirs nothing better.
4	I thought the food was pretty darn good, especially for the price.I got 3 tacos (cabeza, al pastor y adobada) and a carne asada sope.  Wife got something very similar.  All that plus a beer for $16.  The waitress was really nice, I mean service wasn't 5 stars but didn't expect it to be when you pull up to this joint.  Nothing to complain about except the smelly rags they used to wipe the tables next to us.
4	I stopped in here during a lunch break at a nearby work conference. It was 10am and I was jonesing for a breakfast burrito. The atmosphere is nothing fancy but it was clean. The lady at the counter was very nice. I ordered a breakfast burrito without meat. It took a little longer than I thought it would, but they make everything super fresh. The potatoes in the burrito tasted freshly cut. The burrito itself was scrumptious and hit the spot, even though it was just a little greasy. If I lived closer I would definitely return for a hangover burrito. ;)
4	Good place for lunch. The street tacos are a buck each and there are several different types of meat. El pastor and carnitas are delicious. Apparently there are a few different cooks and when you get the grilled tortillas, you are in for some good food.
4	Green burrito enchilada style   yum, intriguing flaver but delicious,will be returning in spite of tacky plastic plates and  bland chips.
