4	i went to the Henderson office of this practice for all my ultrasounds and genetic testing and they were always really nice and pretty timely. Dr. Huang was good at answering my questions and he apologized to me for running behind, which was super nice of him.  This practice is so not cheap even with good insurance, but a healthy baby is worth every penny.
5	My initial OB/GYN visit upon learning I was pregnant, prompted me to get co-managed care from this center- my OB/GYN recommended this center. I am in the "High Risk" category, due to my age (women over 35), my BP, and the fact that my 1st pregnancy ended in miscarriage. It's not the sort of thing you want to hear, because you get the feeling that you are sentenced to this category and you will automatically have all these health problems, issues, and conditions. There is a higher risk than someone who doesn't have those three factors I mentioned. I was in decent shape before I got pregnant, physically active in all aspects, did not smoke, drink, or do drugs, and somewhat careful with my diet (and took vitamins & medication). I'm not a health fanatic, but given my family history, I take those extra steps for myself. So "High Risk" doesn't mean, that I'm doomed. I'm listening to all my doctors, continuing with my workouts, taking my It's just a scary thing, because another life is depending on me.I made my appointment after I knew that the referral had gone through. The lady told me after 13 weeks is when they'd like to see me for my initial visit. I went to the website and downloaded the forms so I could fill them out before the appointment. I got a reminder call a day or so before, and it was suggested I take the "online interview" to speed up the process (less waiting time, and I wouldn't have to be there 30-45 minutes prior), however, there was a glitch and I was stuck on a page with a drop-down menu that didn't display any options to choose. I called the center and another lady told me that it wasn't absolutely necessary (and all the kinks hadn't been worked out). On the day of the appointment, I was asked to move up my appointment to an earlier time (YES! PLEASE!), which wasn't a problem. Anxious, eager, and excited were the words to describe what my husband and I were feeling, on this day (yesterday). The center is located almost kitty-corner from Valley Hospital (where I had surgery last fall), and easy enough to find. Parking is along the side and in the back. Take the stairs or elevator up to the second floor. When you walk inside, the registration desk is on the right side. Nice ladies there. I was given a couple other sheets to fill out (weren't on the website), and I gave her my IDs to copy, as well as my co-payment. There a few seats here, but the other side is the more spacious and open area, with four long benches, and 20-plus seats, as well as a water fountain, and TV. There is also a Play Room but it was closed. It is very nice for a medical office, not the cookie cutter white-washed walls (you know, the sterile, clinical feeling), very warm with colors (brownish rusty pink coral color family) and almost, elegant feeling with its chrome s-curved lighting structures. After a short wait, I was called back (told them my husband was running late) for the Genetic Counseling part of the appointment (part one). The ultrasound technician sat in, because she was new, and needed to be familiar. There is so much information during this part, it's almost like a college lecture. My husband  joined us soon after. Like I said, there is a ton of things to go over- there are a lot of tests to consider, a blood test (non-invasive), chorionic villi sampling (but I'm past that point), and amniocentesis (risk of miscarriage). She talked about Downs Syndrome and Trisomy. We were asked about our family health history. She asked us what tests we wanted to do besides the ultrasound. We went back to the waiting room, so that they could get a room ready for the ultrasound (part two). After getting called back again, another lady took my weight, blood pressure, and took us to the room. Here, is where we saw the little miracle in my tummy. The technician put warmed up jelly on my belly, and we saw all the details, it was AMAZING! We were able to see the leg, hand, neck, the brain, the beating heart, the stomach, and even witnessed movement, a twitch. The technician was very thorough and went through everything with us. She also printed pictures. She told us our baby is 2.5 inches at this point (it looks huge on the monitor). She reviewed them in another part of the office, and I was able to go to the bathroom. The doctor came to see us shortly afterward. Here, he also took another look at my belly, also going through the pictures with us. He told us he didn't see any problems. He cleaned up my stomach. We also, at this time, asked him many questions (we are first-timers). We got more information here, too. The doctor was patient with us, taking the time to answer our questions and address our concerns. So, we felt reassured. I ordered the blood test (non-invasive), for peace of mind. I signed a consent form ($160 out of pocket) and got the finger prick. We won't know the results for another week, must send to the lab. At checkout, I made my appointment for a month later.
5	My review is of their Henderson/St Rose Sienna location. I love Dr. Masaki! I was sent here from my regular OB due to having clotting issues. This is our first baby (and last). The staff is very welcoming and warm. Our first appointment they had us talk to a girl in a private office about some options for testing and what the HR Preg Center was about. She also helped explain our insurance and what it covered. I really loved the fact that they do this since we had never gone through this and had a lot of questions. It made us feel like they cared and wanted us to not be shocked or scared about anything. After our consult, we had an ultrasound with a tech. We were really excited for our ultrasound and my husband whipped out the phone video camera to send a little video to family out of town. The tech was super quiet and whne we asked questions were told that she couldnt answer if we were viedoing. She was a little cold about it. We didn't know! We put the camera down and proceeded. Buzz kill. Then we saw Dr. Huang. He was very direct and to the point, which was ok but didn't seem very friendly or inviting. We were almost turned off by this place after that, but knew we had to stick with it for the sake of the baby. Our second visit we had a tech do the initial ultrasound again. She was completely different than the first one. She was very young and peppy with a cute little southern accent. We didn't whip out the video camera this time. My husband and I brought my mother with us since we were finding out the gender and my mom is about as excited as we are. The tech showed us everything she was looking for and told us the different parts/organs/bones we were looking at. We were amazed! She spent about 20 minutes looking around and taking pictures. We then saw Dr. Masaki. He also took a look around at organs and confirmed we were having a boy. He made everything so fun and exciting! He was very animated the entire time and acted as if he was even excited to take a look around and make sure our baby was ok. Dr Masaki and this tech completely changed our minds about this place! I look forward to seeing Dr. Masaki again in a few weeks for our 26 week check up and would send anyone with HR problems to see him!
5	3 months into my second pregnancy, my father passed away and on top of that, I was having regular asthma exacerbations. To be on the safe side, my primary OB referred me to a high risk doctor and I was lucky to have met Dr. Iriye. The entire staff is fantastic. From the front desk, to the ultrasound technicians, to the nurses and doctors. It is a very professional setting, but also extremely warm and caring. I remember a particular incident when I had fallen and was eager to come in for my weekly monitoring and hear the heartbeat and just make sure everything was ok. Dr. Iriye told me to come in whenever I needed that reassurance of hearing the heartbeat. He even brought me to the front desk and told them that if I ever came in wanting to check the baby, they should send me right in. I never had anymore scares but it was comforting to know that I had no reason to worry. I came in every week to get monitored for about 30 minutes. I would sit in a comfortable recliner chair in a room with about 8 other women as the heartbeat sounds of our babies would fill the room. The women gathered in that room had a variety of different reasons for their high risk pregnancies, but we all had the same goal: to have a healthy full term pregnancy. And every few weeks, I would have a 4D ultrasound and see Dr. Iriye. He was able to get my asthma under control and taught me methods to manage the emotional stress that I was dealing with. I was also still seeing my primary OB and the communication between the 2 of them as they co-managed my pregnancy was seamless. And as a result, I was blessed with a healthy baby boy. He is now almost 2 years old, and still today-  I cannot thank the staff enough for their expert care and peace of mind. *Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 37/100*
5	Good place to monitor your pregnancy.  Dr Ibay is one of the best pregnancy doctors in Vegas.  His office runs very efficient and is always clean and the staff is friendly.
5	My girlfriend was referred to Dr. Gorski for her high risk doctor and there isn't enough words to say about her service. Hands down Dr.Gorski is the best doctor we have between the two of us. Dr. Gorski's bedside manner is the best. Dr. Gorski made my girlfriend secure with the pregnancy because she was very scared about the "what if's". She really had some worries about the pregnancy but here we are, 2 weeks away, excited worry-free and anticipating the arrival of our little baby. Many thank you's Dr. Gorski and the great staff at the High Risk Pregnancy Center
5	Dr. Iriye and his staff are professional and extremely knowledgeable!  Our 2nd son had Osteogenesis Imperfecta (Brittle Bone Disease) and the 1st Parental Doctor didn't detect it soon enough and even a few days before we saw Dr. Iriye for a second opinion, he finally diagnosed our son with "Lethal Anomaly" he still didn't pick up on his Fractures (only one on left femur).  However, Dr. Iriye and his Sonographer, discovered fractures all throughout our son's body in utero.  They were able to detect so much and diagnose our son with OI vs. just "Skeletal Dysplasia".  When picking a location to use for an ultrasound, it's vital that someone picks a Doctor who has a lot of "current" knowledge and his staff are experienced to detect various diseases through ultrasound testing.  What's the point of an ultrasound if it's not conducted or a disease may not be diagnosed properly?  I recommend Dr. Iriye and the High Risk Pregnancy Center for women not only with High Risk, but to get a second opinion if anything is detected.  If you have an opportunity to get an ultrasound here, you won't be disappointed.  There are highly trained Doctors and Staff who do an excellent job!  I have heard the other Doctors, who my friends have experienced, all have loved the High Risk Pregnancy Center and trusted all these Doctors.Dr. Iriye not only diagnosed our son, but he also allowed and helped me seek a third opinion from a top Skeletal Dysplasia Doctor at Cedar Sinai in LA.  Dr. Iriye took us in immediately (same day when we needed a 2nd opinion) and he arranged for our 3rd visit with the other Doctor.  He also took our call over the weekend after seeing him on Fri as we had additional questions for him.We have been blessed with another child and so far so good.  We are seeing Dr. Iriye and his staff again and are very pleased to see him again in a different situation.  He is very compassionate and professional.
5	Dr Masaki was my Dr in 2012. He was amazing n funny. The staffs was awesome.  Dr Gorski was wonderful. Miss them.
5	Dr. Gorski delivered my twin daughters in june 2012. She was absolutely the best. I would definitely recommend her. She is patient, always willing to listen, and I had a very quick and painless C-section.
5	Great practice with outstanding bed side manner in a time in my life where fear was first and foremost. I was diagnosed with a shortened cervix AND high blood pressure  at 24 weeks both pretty serious signs of preterm birth. I was admitted to the hospital for bed rest for the term of the pregnancy and each day I had a discussion with one of the HRP doctors on my status and most importantly they all gave a little pep talk to keep me going to the next day. Dr. Iryie would come in and talk sports and life events to remind me there was a world outside my hospital room and bring a littlle bit of levity to my situation.The babies were born at 31 weeks and are now 5 months old just as beautiful and perfect as can be...Thank  you High Risk Pregnancy!!
5	I was sent here for blood clotting issues during my pregnancy. After visit the ER twice and my other doctors no one wanted to touch the pregnant women but yet something had to be done. I felt like a diseased steak lol! Dr. Iriye was to be my new doctor and I was nervous again because no one else seemed to know what to do. By the time the first visit was over I wanted to hug him and his entire staff. They were kind and funny while being professional and also handling a delicate situation. In addition to handling the situation he monitors me very closely to make sure we prevent any other situations from arising. While most people hate the inconvenience of going continuously to a doctor for the next 4 months  when we are scheduled both my husband and I are excited to go into the office and cant wait! Thats not something most people feel when they enter scary situations. We feel like we are in the best hands possible and truly enjoy our visits. Dr Iriye has handled everything perfectly and made us feel like family. This place and his staff is terrific and if you are sent here be grateful, its truly a honor to let him work on you!! Trust him, you will feel better afterwards and focus on the positive cause if you don't he will remind you to lol!
5	I was sent here for some complications I was having with my pregnancy. The staff was amazing so nice and very informative. The Dr I had Dr. Wold explained everything that was going on so I could understand it. He made me feel like I was his only patient. He wasn't rushing and really took his time with us, I felt very important going to see him.
5	We had a rough start to our pregnancy and that led us to Dr. Iriye at the High Risk Pregnancy center. This is going to be hard to believe, but he actually learned about our dilemma and reached out to us asking if he could help. We had considered other choices but in the end decided to go with Dr. Iriye because we felt, and still do feel, that he genuinely cares about his patients. This decision turned out to be great as he performed the procedure we needed with skill and compassion. We continued to see Dr. Iriye throughout the pregnancy and he has been awesome. Most Dr. appointments in Vegas include a 30 minute wait minimum. Not with Iriye, we have never waited more than 5 minutes past the appointment time and we have had a lot of appointments with him. It's almost as if a Dr. understands that your time is valuable. Can you imagine that? On top of his ability to keep appointments he has been very pleasant to work with. He knows when and how to show compassion as well as when to lighten the mood with a little humor and a smile. He answers all your questions and we have never left an appointment wanting more. He always goes the extra mile to make sure you are happy and informed. Dr. Iriye is truly one of the best physicians I have ever dealt with. 5 stars for every aspect.
