4	Osteria 2350, how have you been hidden from me for so long?!Oh that's right, because you've sadly been hidden behind the empty store front of Right by Nature in the Strip.  But one title this place can hold is hidden gem...because it really is!  It's part restaurant part Italian deli with fresh meats, breads and desserts to pick up.  Me and a friend came in all business....which meant we were ready to eat!  And boy did we ever!  We enjoyed 3 full courses because everything sounded so incredible!August is the month to take advantage of any sort of tomato salad, so I enjoyed a tomato and moz salad with just the right amount of balsamic dressing.  It was FRESH FRESH FRESH!  But let me tell you the key to being good friends.  The key is to pick two main courses and split them.  The best of both worlds!  We choose the gnocchi and the Riccolina.  The Riccolina had this Fede pasta in it that I had never tried before.  It was really awesome!  I'm an al dente type of girl and these were cooked just right!  It also came with caramelized mushrooms, truffle oil, arugula and parm  The gnocchi was the real winner for me...it had a medium texture between a light and heavy gnocchi.  I'm usually a fan of the light kind but I think it was the combo of sauce and cheese that won me over on the whole dish.  It was perfecto!  We also enjoyed the Tiramisu for dessert.  It wasn't the best I've ever had (that's at Piccolo Forno in Lola) but it was still pretty good.  The service was fantastic as well, with our server answering all questions we had (like the very important, how big are your dishes) and she answered the questions perfectly.  I'm now a complete fan of this place and can add it to the top of my Strip District list.  You all for sure need to go there...I'm excited to try a dinner there soon....remember...true friendship means splitting two main dishes!
3	I've been to Osteria twice now. Once to grab a sandwich for lunch, and then to get a takeout pizza for dinner. I've really hoped this place would be good as I live across the street. My experience has been mixed. Sandwich was a very good Italian deli sandwich. Pizza was mediocre though. While the pizza had the unintended positive effect of reminding me of free pizza consumed when I was in grad school in NYC that's not the best sign of quality. Not bad but could be better. There's a lot of potential for Osteria and I hope they succeed. Maybe a weekend brunch would be a good addition? And make pizza less like basic takeout pizza and more "fancy" (tasty too).
2	It was Darren's turn to pick a place to eat so we came to Osteria, both of use with huge appetites. I looked over the rather limited menu and didn't really see much that appealed to me, but if something contains peppers, mushrooms, or raw tomato I will NOT eat it. So I finally narrowed it down. The friendly server brought us a colored glass bottle containing water before taking our order. She then presented us with a metal basket containing 2 different varieties of Italian bread and a yummy oil and herb dipping sauce. If you don't know much about Italian (or French) bread, it has a rather hard crust and deliciously soft center. I think the bread, while flavorful, would have been better served warm, but that is personal preference. Oh, and the iced tea is fresh brewed and unsweetened, not that powder/syrup crap. My chicken soup was the best item that I ordered on this occasion. The meat was just ok, but the vegetables were fresh tasting and cooked to perfection. Not mushy at all, and with just a very slight crunch. The chicken broth also had a nice flavor. I settled on the rigatoni, and was rather disappointed. The sauce was very thin and the pork was, I don't know what, but it didn't taste very good. The noodles were not bad tasting, and the sausage absorbed the flavor from the pork, which again I didn't like. Salt and pepper didn't even fix the blandness. The best part of the dish was the huge scoop of ricotta cheese on top. It helped mask the lack of flavor. My dessert consisted of an individual coconut cream pie. The pre-made crust nice and flaky, the coconut cream sweet, and topped with whipped cream. I couldn't finish the pie as the sweetness was just a bit too much for me, but again, preference. Over all impression, I felt like I was visiting a friend's family for dinner and while the cooking wasn't appealing, I ate what I could to be polite. The family, however, is sweet as the pie they served.
2	I so wanted this to be good.  My parents were in Pittsburgh and I suggested this as a spot to meet for lunch since it's close to my office.  A first time visit for all three of us.  I was going to order soup and a salad but the waitress informed us that they were out of the buffalo mozzarella, tomato salad.  Considering that's one of my top ten favorite dishes and sometimes I even make it for myself for dinner, I was a little disappointed I couldn't order it.  The three of us opted to order the soup de jour, broccoli cheddar and split a plain pizza.  The soup was fairly thick and cheesy and had big chunks of broccoli.  As veggie and cheese lovers, my Mom and I thought it was very good.  The pizza, on the other hand, was terrible.  It was a thin crust but it had been over cooked so the bottom was black.  It honestly never should have made it out of the kitchen because it put a terrible taste in our mouth (literally and figuratively).  Also, it felt like the wait for the pizza was very long and ended up not being worth it.  Having said that, the waitress did the right thing and ended up not charging us for the pizza.  While that seems like the obvious thing to do, I've been to plenty of places that have served an awful meal and not offered to do the right thing, so kudos to Osteria and I'll give you a second chance because of that.I thought the atmosphere in here was great.  High ceilings, open space (very loft like) with an eclectic mix of tables and chairs and a counter if you want to opt for a quicker lunch.  I also thought the prices were very reasonable.
2	In sum, the food was ALMOST okay. Save  your dough, order take-out SOMEWHERE else in Pittsburgh. I consider the pasta dishes along the lines of Pizza Hut. Basically,  it is bland and an insulting misrepresentation of Italian food.I struggled to rate this. I considered giving them a 3. Merely based on the fact, the pasta they do not prepare in-house, the Fede pasta is local. Fede pasta is a pasta company located right outside the city of PGH. However, giving them a rating ONLY based on something they happen to carry and do not actually "make" seemed too gracious.Can I also say what a major pain it is to have to get up from my table to walk to the other side of the restaurant in order to read the wine list.  Someone cannot type one up or use an etch-a-sketch? ((Yawns. This place very much underwhelmed me))Overall, the establishment did not put much effort into a pleasant dining experience therefore, I will not put much effort into writing a review. I would not recommend anyone to eat here and I will not be returning.
2	After reading the bad reviews, I was really hoping they were wrong.  Unfortunately they weren't.  DH & I came here on a Saturday afternoon after we did some shopping in the strip.  The place has a nice interior, but was completely empty.  The service was good, prompt and friendly.  Although it would be hard to imagine it could be bad since we were one out of 3 other patrons there.I started my meal off with the  Arugula salad - arugula, roasted peppers, balsamic vinaigrette, Gorgonzola.  It was good, and tasted fresh.  It wasn't huge though, although I expected that since the price tag was $3.  DH got Cavatelli  with house made pasta, roasted carrot, eggplant, squash puree.  The pasta was totally overcooked and lacked any good flavor, although it looked tasty.  I ordered the Riccolina - fede pasta, caramelized mushrooms, truffle oil, arugula, Parmigiano Reggiano.  The fede pasta was just weird.  It was thick and heavy, and didn't take up any of the flavorful broth.  The only thing I liked about this dish was the arugula, Parmigiano Reggiano and the truffle oil/broth.  The mushrooms were odd and definitely didn't taste like they were caramelized.  I don't think I'll be back here again, very disappointing.
5	I can't get enough of Osteria! This casual Italian bistro has delicious made-to-order  meals in perfect portions. The menu changes seasonally and has amazing daily specials, so the meals are always fresh.Osteria 2350 also has wine and beer on the menu to compliment your meal, and parking is validated for the on-site garage, so no need to worry about parking in the Strip! This hidden gem located across the railroad tracks from the Cork Factory is a must try restaurant! Swing by for lunch or dinner and be greeted by a friendly and knowledgeable staff, and enjoy an affordable and authentic meal. AND...Osteria 100 is coming in the Spring of 2012 to Point Park's Academic Village in Downtown, Pittsburgh!
1	I got the warm mozzarella appetizer and the mushroom pasta dish... Not very good.The mozzarella appetizer was good for the price but i would have to say that my pasta with mushroom and truffle oil was gagtastic. I seriously do not know why it tasted that way, but it got me nauseous and was extremely watery!Probably never coming here again.... sorry!
2	Popped in for a quick sandwich around lunchtime. I really dig the vibe of this place- casual but still chic. The ice cream options looked amazing- i would have tried the butter cashew and cherry merlot if there was more time. And they serve a nice variety of wines by the glass. My turkey club, sans applewood bacon, was really nothing special at all. The bread was too dry and the turkey had nothing special to say. Pretty boring. I guess I was expecting more bells and whistles as some of the previous reviews were pretty rockin'. Perhaps this is more of a dinner place.
4	To say that I am obsessed with their riccolina dish would not do how much I love it justice. I've ordered that pasta dish the last 7-8 times I've been there, no lie. It's so good! I don't know how they do it with the truffle oil, mushrooms, and arugula, but it is just oh so perfect.I love the laid-back decor of Osteria; the simplicity of it all really draws me in. Outside of the riccolina, I would have to give a thumbs up to the warm tomato appetizer, the spaghetti and the rigatoni. They are all super delicious. Only one of the pasta dishes have we tried that I would recommend you pass on, though I can't recall it now (I think it was a special).I also tend to like the bread they serve prior to your meal. Yummy.The menu is not extensive (as every menu should not be), but the items they have are quite tasty as far as the pastas go. I've only ever sat at the bar and the bartenders at first came off as kind of cold, but then we realized they just weren't chatty. Which is weird when you're a bartender, but oh well. I like this place.
1	A group of coworkers decided to venture over to Osteria on Monday for a quick easy lunch. Quick, nor easy was on the menu for today's special. Several of us ordered meatball subs, one a salad and soup and the other a prosciutto sandwich. The bread for the sandwiches were hard as rock. The meatballs were just ok. The meat to cheese veggies ratio on the prosciutto was way out of proportion. No balance at all. One diner had to send her soup back as it was off the charts too salty. She also requested no dressing on her salad, yet the salad came out drenched in dressing. Even too much for someone who enjoys dressing directly on the salad. On top of the sub par food, the service was even worse. The waitresses that work there seem entitled and elite. Not attentive to the customers needs at all. Had to ask for refills on soda and water also had to go to counter to discuss the salty soup. I am not one to swear off restaurants, cause I understand everyone has a bad day every once in awhile. But this is a common theme at Osteria. As a side note, the quality of food for the price is not equivalent. There are too many other better options in the Strip to waste time and money at Osteria.
3	Should've had the big-a** peanut butter cup in the dessert case. Coulda, shoulda, woulda...but didn't. Instead, I opted for the Warm Lobster Salad and Turkey Club. My bud Jesse ordered the Caesar Salad and Cavatelli.  Both salads were sad little guys.  The Lobster Salad has a LOT of potential though. The lobster itself was delicious, but the accompanying endive needed a lil' something else. His Caesar Salad was a little embarrassing to bear such a name.  It was romaine, period.  The good news is, the bread basket was fresh and complemented by a delightful olive oil, parmesan and herb-infused dipping combo.  Onto the main courses: My turkey sandwich was decent, but uneventful.  At $7 it wasn't grossly overpriced, but a little too much.  Jesse's Cavatelli was definitely the highlight of all things Osteria.  It was unique and delectable; nestled in a nice broth and shaved cheeses.  Yum.All things considered, I'm not sure it's worth a trip back (save for that peanut butter cup).  The atmosphere is a really nice "casual classy, " but there are just too many other awesome options in the 'Burgh!
3	Fairly busy place that is a little hidden.   Food was great but nothing really special.  TO be fair, I did order a turkey club which was a turkey club.   It is sort of neat how they reuse wine bottles as water pitchers.  Staff was friendly although there was a small mix up on the order at the table but it was quickly remedied.
3	Interested to find out that Osteria is owned by Cioppino (right next door).  But the service and food are inconsistent.  I like the prices here, the food is rather inexpensive, so you get a lot for your money.  We had a large party and waited a long time for our food, but Osteria was aware of that and they brought out a tray of free desserts.  They also did not charge one person for their beer.  So they are trying real hard to improve. Let's hope they can do better!  I ordered the seafood pasta.  It was okay, just not the heavy creaminess and rich flavor I was hoping for.
2	Ate here one night before going out while staying with friends that live nearby at The Cork Factory Lofts.  Exploring Pittsburgh was a blast, but Osteria 2350 was not one of the highlights.  The food was blah and nothing to write home about.  The low ratings from the 15 previous reviews are spot on.  Didn't know about the connection with Cioppino.  Might check that place out next time we are in town visiting.  We will not be going back to Osteria though.
4	The prices are great, $5 house wines, $12 large pizzas, and the food is good.  I had the lobster salad and my sister had the caesar.  The caesar was delicious and the lobster salad had a ton of lobster on it for $7, but tasted like straight white vinegar.  Overpowered the lobster and the greens it was over.  We also all shared the meatball side and it was okay, but was only ground beef and i like my meatballs mixed with other meats.  Our pizza took about 30 minutes to come out, we ordered a white pizza, which was delicious, but the chef came out and explained that the first one came out terrible so he was making us a new one, he took it off our bill, so that was nice.  The crust was amazing, I don't typically eat pizza crust, but I forewent the bread and dipped the crust in the delicious garlic oil that came out prior to the pizza with the bread basket.  All in all its a great atmosphere, great prices, and I will definitely go back to try the pastas and other dishes.  Our server was great too!
4	On a pleasant evening, the outdoor seating is great, because the street next to it gets almost no traffic. The service was friendly, and the red wines were mostly blends, but were tasty and affordable. The gnocchi was pretty good, as was the ricciolina. A little on the al dente side, but tasty nonetheless. One thing I was pleased by--the portion size was actually reasonable! Not gigantic. A cute place we'll try again.
2	What's great about this place? The atmosphere and the location. What isn't great? We had very slow service, were told we were getting drink refills that never came. I've never seen so little soup for $4, I could see the bottom of the bowl when it came out. I thought the sausage in the soup would be flavorful but it was quite bland. My coworker ordered a full salad and got a much smaller portion than should be expected for a main course. And the pizza is a complete embarrassment, looked like it came right out of a grocery store freezer and tasted like it, too. You should think that a place like this would have great Italian sandwiches, but another coworker remarked that it tasted no better than what's available at your generic pizza place. I definitely won't be coming back, despite frequenting this area often for work lunches and to visit friends.
5	We were told to check out the Strip district and after driving around quite a few times and not being able to decide on a spot or find parking, we noticed the sign for Osteria near the market. And Thank Goodness we did!! We may have been hungry, but the food far exceeded our expectations! The soup - a white bean and prosciutto - was perfectly flavored; salty and peppery and delicious all over. I do wish it would have come out a tad warmer - that may have been an issue of the large shallow bowl it was served in. A very unique presentation of the prosciutto in the soup - very well executed. My friend enjoyed her spaghetti and meatballs, which I sampled and found very tasty myself.  I immensely enjoyed the cavatelli! There are few words that can describe how scrumptious this dish was! Velvety, rich pasta perfectly cooked with brussel sprouts and salty pork. Amazing!! The bread was nice and fresh. The service was nice and attentive. I would return if I am ever back in Pittsburgh.
4	A Saturday night at 7:30 and we easily made it in for a nice, relaxing meal.  I'm surprised this place isn't as packed as its sister Cioppino.  They share the same kitchen and sometimes have similar dishes.  But Osteria is always less expensive for the almost the same dish.  It has a classic bistro feel with the white subway tiles.  Their food has always been great here.  I have also taken a food and wine pairing class here that was very nice.  If you are going out in the Strip on a Saturday night and need a great meal without having to wait at Kaya, come to Osteria 2350.
5	Great food.. Never had a bad meal here. Also has a great selection of beer and wine. Salads are a little small but the sandwiches are awesome!
5	This place has amazing food! I would highly suggest the pizza or pasta. I would recommend their salads as well. Their meatballs are HUGE. This place has true Italian and their presentation is perfect! Everyone needs to come eat here! PS: Sorry for the seemingly empty pictures, went late at night on a Thursday.
