3	Pros: * They make their own mattresses, and they are reasonably clear about the different grades of their products. * Shopping there is a pretty relaxed, low pressure experience. The salespeople leave you alone to lie on the beds for as much time as you want (I observed this in multiple visits).* They have a fixed pricing; there's no special sales, no haggling.Cons:* To my untrained eyes, the pricing still seems arbitrary. Their pricing makes it feel like they are nickle-and-diming you. Want to buy mattress without box springs? box springs without a mattress? no problem, it'll just cost nearly as much as if you got both. Want split box springs for your queen bed? You bet! $50 extra. Frames? Another $60. Delivery, another $38. Take away your old bed? $5 more. These costs all add up pretty quickly.* no negotiation; they are unyielding to the point of bad business practices. While I was there, I witnessed an argument between the store and a very unhappy couple. The couple bought a set (mattress plus box spring); they wanted to exchange the box spring, which was still wrapped in plastics. They didn't bring it back until a day after, however, which meant that the store considers it "used" and not returnable. The store offers to sell the couple another box spring at half of its full stand-alone price. The couple felt the store played "gotcha" on them. They argued back and forth for at least an hour, dragging in personnel of increasing seniority. Regardless of the fairness of the store policy, it seems to me like it's not a good idea to subject your other customers to this somewhat unpleasant and lengthy scene.
5	I can't begin to tell you how wonderful this company is. I bought a mattress from their Sq. Hill store by Homestead and every part of the experience was excellent. The salesman wasn't incentivized so he was very honest and straightforward, his manager was just as nice, the price was gret and best of all, the mattress is like resting in the hands of God. I've literally slept in every day since I bought the mattress (Serenity Memory Foam) about 2 months ago. I had no idea how badly I was sleeping before. I feel refreshed and relaxed every day. Just remember to go to bed earlier because its tough to crawl out o something so comfortable.
1	I bought the Serenity Memory Foam mattress here, about six months ago.  At first, it was great!  However, around three months into owning it, I started noticing some slouching (it had lost some of its memory).  I called the store, and they told me that was normal, and not to worry.  Hesitantly, I agreed.  I'm now six months into owning it, and its memory has become like that of an alcoholic Vietnam veteran -- maybe it thinks that my head weighs fifty pounds, but it definitely does not.  Again, it's "normal".Never will I deal with them again.
1	I purchased an expensive queen sized mattress after seeing the same one at macy's for more money.  the sales person was very helpful, to the point of being pushy.  I wasn't sure if i wanted to get the extra-firm or the firm.  He said to me "you're better off with the firmest because you can always put something on top to make it less firm.  You can't ever make a mattress more firm.  I was worried and said I understand you don't do refunds, but if there's a problem with it being too hard, what options do i have from the store.  He said, "we guarantee your satisification."  I ordered the extra firm mattress.  immediately called to tell him there was a bad odor and it was very hard.  He said give the mattress a few days and the odor would go away.  On this he was correct.  However, i continued to email him asking for a recommendation on making it it less firm-- like a pillow top, which was his original suggestion.  I never heard from him.  Called another person at the store who actually contacted the manufacturer for me.  the MANUFACTURE said, "THERE IS NO WAY TO SOFTEN UP AN EXTRA-FIRM MATTRESS, IT DOESN'T SOFTEN AFTER TIME AND PILLOW-TOPS DO NOT WORK."  in other words, my salesperson, who disappeared after he got my money lied to me.  talked me into getting something after I expressed my concerned and said i was relying on his advice.But, even though the salesman lied, he has no accountability for what he said.  The company did not care.  I was welcome to buy a new mattress with a $200 deduction (won't even cover the pillow-tops i had to order).I decided to appeal to their sense of charity and humanity.  I live in NYC, and neighbors have family in the Far Rockaways-- hardest hit areas of Hurricane Sandy.  I asked, if given the situation, Mattress Factory would replace my mattress with a new one and donate the one I used for less than a month to victim of the storm.  They declined.  Ara was the person who lied to me about making a firmer mattress less firm.  I don't know who decided that even though their sales person was dishonest, even though the manufacturer explicitly said the sales person was wrong, and even though they had a chance to make a good business decision and nice humanitarian effort, once they have your money, they clearly don't give a shit about you or anyone else.  I'll be posting this on as many sites as possible.
5	The reviews on this company are SO mixed, but I asked some local friends if anyone had bought from them and got a bunch of people who were very happy and one who said they were "OK" - but no one had anything bad to say.  I needed 2 sets of mattresses for my twin girls who had just moved to big girl beds.  We ended up getting the most basic of the basic stuff and I thought the price was good and the quality was fantastic.  (I like a firmer surface myself and the next step up seemed too soft to me - you can always add padding but you can't take it away.)  I've spent many a night sleeping with my girls when they were sick or otherwise in need of snuggling and I find their mattresses to be super comfortable.  Again these were the MOST basic ones they sell!  With the box spring...  my own bed is a platform bed which might be why my girls' beds feel so comfortable, it might be the box spring.  My husband and I are getting a new bed soon and we will definitely use the mattress factory again.  Yes there is a delivery charge but I just brought everything home in my minivan to avoid that.  Everything was in stock and they threw it all in the van for me.  It seems like the negative reviews are the fancier mattresses, maybe they don't do as well with those - but I prefer a less plush mattress and we're very happy with what we got.  VERY low pressure sales, very happy with the mattresses.  Totally recommend.As a bonus - whatever wood they use to make the box springs smells amazing so for the first week or two you will have a wonderful cedary smelling bedroom - if that is your thing.  I liked it a lot.
5	The Original Mattress Factory's customer service is top notch!  I love the no-pressure sales tactics that are used by the employees.  We were recently searching for a new bed to replace my 12 year old futon bed and our first stop was the OMF near the Waterfront.  Sean told us the layout of the store, invited us to try all the beds out, and offered to answer any questions we might have.  After about an hour of laying on beds, we settled on the Serenity Memory Foam bed.  The bed was delivered a few days later and the delivery men were.... wait for it.... EARLY!  We were astonished and also not home.  No big deal.  They would come back in an hour.  When we arrived home, the delivery men weren't too far behind us.  Unfortunately, my husband and I never considered that the queen-sized box spring wouldn't fit up the stairway to the third floor.  I expected delays and additional cost from OMF.  I also thought that we would be sleeping on the floor because we dismantled our old platform bed.  The delivery men were amazing.  The one gentleman made some calls - we could have a split for a nominal up-charge but it wouldn't match our set.  The up-charge didn't bug me but settling for a cheaper box spring did.  No worries... the delivery guy got on the phone to the factory in Aspinwall and spoke to the owner.  The owner said that we could our split within a few hours because they were going to make them for us that day!  I was blown away.  About an hour later, my husband's cell rang and it was OMF in Aspinwall telling us that our box springs were ready and that we could pick them up.  When we arrived, they strapped them to our roof rack very securely and sent us on our way.  We set the bed up the rest of way and slept on it that night.As to the bed, it is the best bed I've ever slept on!  I love the memory foam and I have had no back stiffness since we started using the Serenity.  There was a slight chemical smell but it dissipated within hours.I can't say enough good things about OMF!
4	I recently bought a pillow top from OMF and I am quite happy with my overall experience. The salesman did not try to trap me or waste my time with promotions. With other stores, I felt like I was walking onto a used car lot. Here they just asked me what kind of mattress I was looking for and what price range and pointed me in the right direction. Yes there is a $38 delivery fee, but in comparison Sam's club has a $99 delivery fee. I've only had my mattress  for a week and I have never felt better. Best week of sleep I've had in a long time.Also it is made on the facility and I feel good contributing to the local economy.
1	Terrible quality. Really over-priced product. Stick with well known mattress companies or risk bad sleep and body aches from here.Also, totally unrelated to the product itself, I'm beyond tired of hearing their company's owner on the radio preaching his ultraconservative political views. I don't care what your political affiliation is, but I do care about nobody rich people preaching their nonsensical opinions to me. That, in and of itself, is reason enough to avoid this place at all costs....on top of an inferior product!
1	Bought a very expensive mattress and it has been horrible since the first week. Squeaks, bounces, sags, and have horrible back pain. Worst mattress I have ever slept on. Avoid this place at all costs
