5	Awesome!! Who doesn't love a $3 car wash with free vacuum. For someone like me who owns a husky, its so nice to have an unlimited time use on a powerful vacuum. Usually busy but I've never had to wait for a stall to start vacuuming! I come whenever I need a good hour to vacuum out my car!
1	My first time here I loved the place, I am new to the area to a $3 car wash was awesome. But my last few visit to this location were not to great, soap still left on vehicle not rised off, and when pointed it out to employee I was forced to repay for a car wash to get the soap off my car that wasn't rinsed off the first time???? That put a bad taste in my mouth. Recommend giving this company an other chance but at a different location.
5	7a-7p. Cash or credit!Can't really complain about a $3 wash.  The staff was pretty cool - nice kid - especially given that it was 7a on a Sat and he looked like he had woken up about 5 minutes before.If the place isn't busy - recommend backing into the stall to do the vacuum.  Otherwise - the hose isn't very long.  If you can't back in because the place is busy - then I suggest you pull up all the way to the little curb thingy.The machines for the extras (Armor All, towels, scent sticks, etc.) are cash only.Overall - THE Best Value I have ever come across for a wash and vacuum.
5	Convenient and inexpensive!
5	I had a coupon for a free $10 wash so I decided to give it a try. I was very happy I did. The have very reasonable prices, the machine has planty of soap which is one of the things that drives me nuts at other places! The line moves quickly and they have plenty of people helping to keep it that way. They have a lot of free vacuum spots and I didn't have to wait for one even though it was very busy on a Saturday afternoon when I went. Great location, and great car wash!
1	Used to be good but not now. New manager as of Aug. 14   Disrespectful, back talking and unhappy that he has to work. And a bad attitude to boot
2	OK car wash for $3 bucks. DO NOT spring for anything more than the $3 wash though. There is absolutely no difference. You can spend up to $20 for a DIY car wash at this place but at the end of it you car is just as clean as those who paid $3.
