5	Great, authentic New Mexican style Mexican food, available with three levels of Hatch chile spice (mild green, hot green, and red chile.)   Prices are very reasonable for the quality and amount of food.  Platters are served with chips and three types of sauces - including a unique creamy white salsa.  Make sure you leave room for the complimentary sopapillas (either cinnamon sugar or plain) for dessert!The restaurant has an independent, family-owned feel (rare in AZ!), and is a great place to take visitors from out of town that want to try real Southwest style food. Their website is here: http://www.sisenorrestaurants.com/azlocation.html
4	Good food.  The sopapillas are an excellent addiction, especially the cinnamon sugar ones, and are the reason for the four stars.  The mildest of the three levels of chili is mild enough even for pasty white boring me, yet still delicious and flavorful.  The hotest chilis satisfieds my coworkers with even the most burned-out of tastebuds.  Portions are plentiful and dinner under $10 is quite doable.
4	My family and I love this place. It's very nice inside and their portions are good and the quality is excellent. Service is outstanding, which is unusual around here. The sopapillas are a nice touch after the meal. I'd highly recommend Si Senor to anyone.
5	Si Seor is the best Mexican food Chandler has to offer, from what I've tried.  The vegetarian combination is the best!  They offer quite a few combination platters to choose from, or you can get a plate of just your favorites.  I bring all of my out-of-town visitors to this restaurant, pushing the sangria and combinations to all who dine with me.  Their horchata is also quite tasty, and it's a nice compliment to the dishes with the red sauce.  The sopapilla is a perfect ending, and I'm happy to report that they also include them with take-out orders.  Very good value for your money!
4	Good food.  My daughter and I like the Relleno.  The chicken chimi is STUFFED w/ chicken.Don't know if they still charge for additional chips and salsa after the compliementary serving.  They give you 3 different salsas:  green, red and a sour cream with chilis.  Yum.
4	Really good if you aren't watching your weight.  I like the sour cream dip with chips.  Sopapillas are really yummy as well.
4	This restaraunt is convienently located right next door to Planned Parenthood. Not that it means anything, but it's a really good place to stuff your fat face with chile rellanos and margaritas when your tests didn't come back the way you wanted. Other than that it's pretty delicious.
2	Ok so I guess I'm the odd one out here. The service was great the happy hour deal with imported beers for $2.50 was excellent but the food was just average. Well the chips were ok with the salsas, beans and sour cream but both of our meais were disappointing. It almost tasted like the food was premade and then heated up though I wouldn't accuse them of this it just sort of tasted that way. I had the veggie combo - the chile releno was mostly breading and kind of bland, the enchilada was decent but nothing that made it stand out and the taco was almost all lettuce with some beans but not much flavor.  They do charge for extra chips but to me for two people that's not a big deal since the portions are more than enough with one basket of chips. I will give it a second shot since everyone here says it's very good.
4	When I lived in Phoenix, I usually prowled around North Phoenix, Tempe and Scottsdale; avoiding venturing anywhere south of Broadway, west of 7th Avenue and east of Alma School. Yes, I admit it...I was a North Phoenix Snob......but I have reformed my ways and on a recent trip back to the desert, a group of friends suggested Si Senor for a great "New Mexico style" Mexican meal.  All I can say is Booyah!!! Si Senor (despite the cheesy name) delivered respectably as promised. I had the sopapilla stuffed with beef and covered with a not too spicy red chile sauce, and my friends all got the sampler platter, or as they referred to it, the "pig platter". Their description would prove to be accurate and it was a sight to behold...three strapping men who could NOT finish everything on  their plates. For desert we had cinnamon and sugar dusted sopapillas (okay, I had them since everyone else was wallowing around in their chairs miserably) to which I added copious amounts of honey, of course.I would have given five stars here, but according to my local piglets, Si Senor has raised their prices recently, and now charges for refills of chips and salsa. In my book, bottomless chips/salsa are a requirement  for any Mexican restaurant.
4	I love everything here, but what makes Si Senor really stand out?* Fantastic hot green chile.* Chips with 4 great tasting dips.* Sopapillas coated with cinnamon & sugar.It can get very crowded at lunch.  The place opens at 10:30am.  Choose your arrival time wisely.
5	I am from New Mexico and the original Si Senor is located in Las Cruces NM, and so when I moved here and found out that the same owners also have a Si Senor in Chandler I was pumped, by the way other restaurants claim they are New Mexican style food they are not they are wannabes.So if you want true New Mexican food this is the place, price wise it is great you get alot of food for pretty cheap.  You get chips and 4 dips to start, the main course and to top it off sopillas for free.  Anything is great on the menu, i love the burrito plate, tasting it brings me back to new mexico.  Also if you love one of the dips you could buy some to take home, the white chili dip is the best dip!
5	I haven't found a Mexican restaurant that compares yet. Salsas are hot, so be sure you have your water before you indulge. My favorite is the hot green, but they offer 4 varieties of salsas. The shredded beef is good. The chicken is always good - all white meat! The ground beef is yummy too, but not my first choice. My favorites are the enchiladas, the taco salad and also the tacos. A weekly craving! And the best happy hour around, as it is daily from the late afternoon until 7pm.
5	Work right by there and only ate there once before my family came to town and saw it rated well.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but it is so good.  First went there for lunch trying to satisfy my sister's pregnant hunger for something melty and spicy.  Much to say it hit the spot so well we were back the next night for dinner.Both times we needed to wait 15 or so minutes for a table and this is not a small place.  We found out later that it was well worth the wait. The first round of chips and salsa/dip (there are 4 of them!) is complimentary and the next round is $2.95.  The chips and dips were great.  Some spicier than others.  There is a red, a green, a bean (which is not think), and a sour cream.  Both times, I ordered the combination plate #3 which has a crunchy taco, an enchilada, chile con carne, a tamale, and rice and beans.  There are 3 different chile sauces and I went for red chile both times.  It is the best chile sauce I have ever had.  The refried beans were a little cheesy, really warm, gooey and delicious.  The rice was fantastic and anything the chile sauce touched must have turned to gold.  The complimentary sopillas were terrific and  hit the sweet spot to finish the dinner so well.  All in all, it is a must go for Mexican food lovers but be warned.  GO HUNGRY!
5	| Out-of-Towner Review |I visit family in Chandler each year for Christmas, but this was our first trip here. The food is excellent. The number 3 combo plate (chili con carne, tamale, taco, enchilada, rice, beans) solved my pregnant wife's crunchy|spicy|melty craving problem she's been having for a few weeks.The red sauce here is to die for. (This is a New Mexico style place, so you get Hatch Valley chiles as your main pepper ingredient across the board.) It is very, very good and makes the combo plate one of the best things on the menu. You know it's good when the taco is the ranked last on the plate. (And the taco was very good.)Lunch/dinner combos are served with chips to start (which come with four dips) and sopapillas for desert. Get the cinnamon and sugar ones - they're great.This place does get busy, so you will wait during peak times.
2	Ate dinner here for the first time a couple of days ago. Combo dinner w/ green chilli.  No draft mex beers. OK food just not the kind of Mexican food I like. I like my corn chips covered with salt, hot and greasy, like they just came out of a boiling vat of lard. Theirs were the kind of generic chips you can get anywhere.  Rest of the food was average.I lucked out and got a very good waitress who checked on my table often. The atmosphere was kinda of weird. The painted celling made me think of Aphrodite's palace in "my big fat Greek wedding". Anyway they got really busy about the time I was leaving so they are doing something right. Just not a place I will make a regular stop.
1	This review is based on several bad experiences with this restaurant. We live in Chandler and started going to this restaurant when they first opened. At first we were impressed with the chips and dips - 3 dip choices was great! But....then things changed.... We went there for dinner and one of the chairs was broken and when my mom moved it out from the table to sit down it pinched her finger to the point that she had to have her finger pryed out from the two pieces of wood and it had crushed her finger so bad that she was crying. You would think that a resturant would be mortified enough to at least comp her meal or appologize! They were not. The second bad experience was the food poisoning that we got from the tamales. Horrible!!! Several months later we tried again and this time we were charged for additional chips and salsa and my daughter asked for a side of salsa that came in a 1/8 cup container and we were charged $1.25 for it!! We mentioned it when we went to pay and they said that they now charge for any extra salsa or chips - period.You would think that a Mexican restaurant with all the competition they have especially in Chandler would try a little harder for loyal customers. We have moved on and found Mucho Taco - much better food and service!!
5	This is by far my family's favorite restaurant.  The service is always excellent and the food is consistantly outstanding.  My husband and kids love the green sauce (I'm a red sauce girl), their tamales are delicious and enchiladas to die for.  Not the greasy food you get in some Mexican dives.  The refried beans are how I judge any other place I try and none ever stand up to theirs.  The white dip that comes with the chips is crave worthy.  Don't even get me started on the mouth-watering Sopapillas.  Yum!
5	What can i say about si senor.....very good new Mexican style food.... very good red chile sauce... very good green chile sauce and superb sapapillas.
5	This is one of my favorite Mexican food joints in town.  We've been going here for 4 to 5 years and each time have had a great meal.  The food is consistent and savory.  The atmosphere is somewhat basic but they have a great value for the food served.  If you like a hotter than average salsa, the green Hatch chili salsa is awesome.  The sopapillas at the end of the meal are always a wonderful treat.
5	Love this place. Nice restaurant to dine solo or bring the family. It is typical Sonoran fare with New Mexico dishes and hatch chiles also on the menu. Terrific bean dip with your chips, along with 3 other dips.If you've eaten red chile, chile con colorado, chile con carne, etc. at other places in the valley, try the Red chile con carne here. Excellent flavor and made with pork, not beef.As to the question does Si Senor merit being a "regular stop" on the list? Having been to most Mexican restaurants in the valley at least once, Si Senor is easily better than the second rate fare dished out at east valley Garcia's, Serrano's, etc. and it's a nice atmosphere. Give it a go, no disappointments here.
3	Si Senor is pretty good. The best part of the meal is the chips and four different dips at the beginning and then the sopapillas at the end. The food is decent, I've had worse, but I've had better.The service is always very friendly, it's usually pretty easy to get a table even on the weekends and it's inexpensive. Out of all the Mexican food joints I've tried in the area, this has been the best.
5	I have been visiting my mom for 6 years and she finally took me here.  The food was so good I made everyone go back the next day.  Spicy, crunchy, melty was what I was craving in my pregnancy and this was the cure.  I had a combo plate with spicy red sauce.  It was amazing, I almost cried it was so good.  The enchilada and burrito were perfect.  The chili con carne was delicious.  I am counting the days until I am back in AZ and can go back.  I have eaten at many mexican restaurants when I visit and this is my favorite.
5	Best Mexican food in the valley!!!  They start you out with a great combination of chips and dips, 4 different kinds and all yum yum.  If you like it hot this is your place.  My favorite plate is Chicken Enchilada plate with Hatch New Mexican Chili.  The real deal.  Owner trucks the chili in from New Mexico.  Family business from New Mexico.  Best seating is in the center room under the sky and don't forget to have a Don Julio Margarita.  Save room for desert they serve you Sopapillas on the house at the end of your meal (AMAZING!) I've tasted many things on the menu, you can't go wrong.
4	I really enjoy this place. The food is good (not excellent) and they give you plenty of it. The prices are reasonable. Everything I have tried has been spicy but not to the point of discomfort. Mexican is my favorite so I am somewhat of a critic however, the warm sopapillas with honey are worth the trip alone. I will definitely return.
3	I'm so torn on this review. Having grown up in New Mexico, I am a huge fan of New Mexican food and research suggests that chile may be addictive so I'm generally grateful to find a place to get my fix in the Valley. I had the huevos rancheros, which is two eggs any style over corn tortillas and smothered in red and/or green chile (in New Mexico, we do both and call it "Christmas." i.e. Question: "Red or Green?" Answer: "Christmas"). It was served with a side of refried beans and rice. (I liked the rice.) Si Senor uses the New Mexican red and green chiles but it didn't really scratch the itch, if you know what I mean. (The bean dip was spicier than the "hot" green chile. The bean dip was really good, by the way!) I just really don't have anything compelling to say about this place. Bottom line, after a 20 mile drive to check them out, I just don't think their chile delivered. The chips and salsa plate they start you with was nice. It included a fiery bean dip, green chile, salsa, and a sour cream. And, the fact that you get sopapillas at the end of your meal is a nice memory of my days in NM (but I don't remember ever having the option of a cinnamon and sugar one?!) although the texture of the sopapillas was off. I drove a long way to check out Si Senor and, truthfully, I would rather drive back to Albuquerque for some Carne Adovada (not even on Si Senor's menu) than back to Chandler; however, if I was IN Chandler already I would probably give them another visit - you know, research suggests chile is addictive...! I mean, I'm already wondering how I would have felt if I had gotten the stuffed sopapilla...
4	In Las Cruces, NM this place is a bit mediocre, due to some of the amazing competition there.  When placed in Phoenix, it blows away much of the competition.  But I miss southern NM food, so I am biased.  Get the rellenos - green chiles stuffed with cheese and then battered and deep fried.  Love the salsas and free sopapillas.
5	Had the Chile Rellenos and was really good, Good Food and a nice atmosphere.
5	Great place!! Spicy food - loved the soapillas!!! Highly recommend
4	I've been going here since the week it opened. The food is better than average, somewhere halfway between authentic Mexican and Americanized.I love the salsa selections and the chips are good. The food is nothing spectacular but I will go here on occasion just to get decent Mexican food.Try it, you might like it... many people do.
5	This place lived up to all our expectations and more!! Great new Mexican cuisine, just like Richardson's in phx (sadly no longer around). Great sauces, lots of true new mexican style dishes to choose from..and the sopapillas are to die for with cinnamon, sugar AND honey OMG!!! This is what we've been searching for forever! The service was great! Our server, Yanai was really friendly, helpful, gave great suggestions and was very attentive!I had the shredded beef chimi plate with the red sauce and that was,  hands down the best I have EVER had. It was perfectly and lightly seasoned which allows the natural flavor of the beef to come thru as the main attraction. The rice and beans tho are always the true test of a great mexican food restaurant...the verdict is awesome! Hubby had the #2 combo plate with all 3 red & green sauces on the side with both red & green chili con carne...everything was amazing!We are looking forward to many more visits to explore the menu further!!
4	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food9 *DRINKS*8 Service8 Atmosphere7 ValueDon't underestimate the power of a good Marg!  I love a place that knows to put brandy in a margarita.  And oh does Yes Mister know...The margs are strong, the food is yummy, they have Hatch chilies galore, four delicious sauces in the free chips&dips, and sopapillas included at the end of the meal!Note, that the four sauces are:1-standard red salsa, with a fine texture2-green salsa, with a chunky texture (i think hatch?)3-basic bean dip4-sweetened sour cream w/ minced chilies (that's my best guess anyhow)
5	Never never liked Mexican food growing up, until my NM transplanted friend took me here.  No other joint has touched this place in my heart.--Hatch green sauce, there is nothing like it...--Chips and 4 dips and sauces, omg.--Cheese enchilada plate (better than the chicken), chicken tacos or the flautas. omg x2.--Sopapillas, omg omg omg.  It does not get better than this.Any out of towner who wants to try (NM) Mexican food, I take them here!
4	First off I am from Las Cruces, NM where the original Si Senor is located and the funny thing is, I'm not a fan of that location. I much prefer the location in Chandler. It might be because I haven't found another New Mexican restaurant yet that satisfies my need for enchiladas or gorditas in this area, although I haven't tried looking either. Si Senor pretty much does it for me. The portions are huge so beware. My usual order is the red cheese enchiladas, the chile isn't too hot and has good flavor. The ground beef and shredded beef tacos are excellent. Best part is the sopapillas at the end of the meal, either plain or dusted with cinnamon sugar.One thing I miss is my usual 23 oz mug of Dos Equis that the LC location has. I could get a bottle but there's something about a giant frosty glass!
3	The food is is very spicy hot so if you like to feel the burn going in and later than this is a good place. The problems I have with it are the way you get nickle and dimed for extra chips, drink refills, etc. The place is clean and service is generally good.
3	Excellent food and service (read the flow of beer was satisfyingly rapid) overall, the green salsa was wonderfully balanced providing a nice amount of heat with an excellent amount of taste. Unfortunately, I was slightly disappointed in my gorditas as the chicken was slightly dry but otherwise the rice and beans were definitely above par. Unlike some Mexican or New Mexican restaurants I was pretty pleased with the freshness of the ingredients, I didn't see brown lettuce or greenish tomatoes, and while the chicken was disappointing the rest of our dining party was greatly pleased. I will definitely go back to take a stab at the enchiladas or something else that impressed everyone else.
5	I am totally in love with this place! It is soooo good. I usually just get a shredded beef chimi, with red sauce and it is very good. besides that, I HATE leftovers, but whenever I bring home leftovers from si senior, i always eat it. Their food is still good the second day. They also have sopapillas- either regular or cinnamon.  and free chips, with 4 different kinds of dips. I am not a big dip person, but when I took my dad here he loved it! The service is also good. :)
4	I drove through rush-hour traffic to get here.  It better be good, I'm thinking.  My dad was visiting, and by "visiting," I mean he came to trade a vehicle and visit a friend of his in Chandler.  Somehow I fell into the mix because of a pull-out sofa I guess.  Being a fan of Sonoran Mexican food, rather than New Mexican, I was skeptical.  Admittedly I have limited experience with New Mexican food, but usually I find the meat to be over-seasoned and the chili to be too hot for my taste.  However, these good people in Chandler are from the same small town along the border I am,  so I trusted their taste was similar to mine, and I was not disappointed.Five stars from the top by serving four different dips with the hot, crisp tortilla chips (green, red, bean, and sour-cream based).  All were spicy, but addictive.  Only the first basket is free, but better than nuthin'  (I'm talking to you Mr. Carlsbad Tavern).  I had the flauta dinner after confirming they are made with corn, not flour tortillas.  Both the beef and the chicken were flavorful, but not overly seasoned.  I really liked the beans as well.  My husband had the chicken gorditas.  The chicken was, unfortunately, really dry.  It was a Friday night, and in spite of being extremely busy, we had excellent service as well.  Not even knocking off for the dry chicken.  Especially since I wasn't the one eating it.  Would I drive back to Chandler just to eat here?  Probably.  Just not during rush hour.  And why do they call it "rush-hour."  No one was rushing anywhere on the 101.  I am so glad I work from home.
5	My family and I went for lunch this weekend and it was fantastic. To start the chips came with four different dips that all had such great flavors: bean, green chile, salsa and a sour cream/ chile combo.   I had the chicken burrito combo with the hatch chile sauce, it was really good.
4	I LOVE mexican food!!  I am always looking for another good spot to feed my addiction.  I am happy to say I found one that is always just a couple of miles from my house!!  I love the atmosphere here.  I went in for lunch and the place is bright and cheery.  I thought the tables and the chairs were so cute.  The chairs had sunflowers carved on them and painted a sunny yellow.  So cheery!!  My server brought me a basket of chips and four.....yes four dips!!  The traditional red salsa, a sour cream and jalapeno dip, a bean dip with bits of chorizo in it, and a spicy green salsa that had tons of flavor!!  I love tortilla chips and these were fresh and hot!  The perfect chip in my opinion.  My server told me that they have a tortilla factory in New Mexico and they get the tortillas fresh a couple of times a week to make their own chips.  YUM!!!  They have a lunch special every day and my day was Sopapillas.  They give you a choice of red or green sauce, I chose red cause, yes, I am a wimp.  I can't take a lot of heat.  It was yummy and saucy.  The plate came with two delicious sopapillas filled with ground beef and generous portions of rice and beans.  My only complaint was the filling.....it needed something, maybe some green chiles or some other thing to spice it up just a bit.  They were good, just a bit bland.  The rice and beans were great!  The rice was nice and fluffy and the beans were topped with lots of cheese.  And the other amazing part was that they give you a sopapilla for dessert too!!  I got a cinnamon sugar one and it was heavenly.  I thought I would only eat a bite cause I was so full but I ended up eating the whole thing!!  I will defintly be going back to Si Senor!!  The food was great, service was fast and friendly and I have a feeling I will be craving those chips and dips again soon!!!
3	Food was ok. If you are a fan of spice with no flavor. I went here with my family after reading the positive reviews. The best thing that I had was the Margarita, wife and kids enjoyed the chips and dips. The Decor of the place is very nice and the server was very attentive. Just wasn't my "cup of tea" when it comes to flavor of the food. I'm an AZ native so maybe it just a NM thing, but I didn't care for the same heat on every item I tried.Would I return? Probably for just drinks and appetizers.
5	The first thing I have to mention about this place is the chips and dips they serve.  Wow!  I mean WOOOOWWW!!  They bring out hearty chips along with 4, count 'em 4, different dips: red salsa, green salsa, hot bean, and some sort of spicy sour cream dip.  When you go to another Mexican restaurant after eating at Si Senior's, you will be pretty disappointed that they only served you one or two choices of dip with your chips.  I've been here more than a handful of 10 in a span of ten years.  Every single time, the food was excellent, the place is clean, the atmosphere is cool, and the service is good.I usually order either the Chili Relleno Plate (green chiles) or the Green Chile Plate.  Both are well made with top notch ingredients.  They even get their chiles from Hatch Valley.  To top it all off, after your main course, they serve you with a choice of regular or cinnamon sopapillas.  I usually have to give mine up, since my daughters just can't get enough of those.  Their house-brewed flavored iced tea is very refreshing.  It's the perfect beverage to compliment the dishes they serve, other than margaritas.As you have read from pretty much all of the reviews about Si Senior, you just can't miss trying the chips and dips.  All of those people just can't be wrong.
4	I lived in New Mexico for a few years, so I was happy to hear about this place. I love Hatch green chilli and that is the type of chillis they use. They serve an awesome chip/salsa platter for free!!!! The bean dip rocks. The wait staff was very nice and on top of things.  Don't forget to order a rita.
3	Here's how they rate on the 3 items any review needs:Price:  you'll spend more than you'd expectService:  they seem to avoid coming aroundTaste:  excellentMy guess is that this place has a dedicated and proud-of-his-work chef, who is surrounded by a lackluster wait staff that looks at the clock and counts down the time that they get to leave.  I bet you'll see them in gossip sessions in the hallways and service areas.Good Luck.
2	Food is average, it is a bit pricey for what you get and I'm not sure why. The salsas are really good. 3.95 for a small taco....they charge you 2.95 after one basket of chips. And the chips are sub par. My mom & other famliy members love & frequent this place so i've tried it on several occasions & it's just as bland every time.
5	One of my Favorite Mex joints in Chandler-- Authentic New Mexican recipes...Good service...a little pricey compared to other similar places.But I think it's worth it!
5	the chile rellenos are awesome! -- order it "rainbow, and you'll get both red and green sauce!
4	Really good Mexican food.
5	The Best of Phoenix issue did not disappoint me or my daughter.  I got a delicious combination of spiciness.  The complimentary chips come with a variety of dips - salsa, bean dip, and some kind of creamy goodness.  The daughter was a little skeptical of all three options, so more for me.  I see other reviews referring to four dips, so maybe I was drunk off of over eating.  At the end, they give you a sapodilla to ensure that your belly is full and round.  The daughter was happy about that and I had to roll myself back to the car.
3	We tried Si Senor in our recent visit to Arizona, and overall, we liked it.  First, they brought out chips (1st basket is free) for appetizers with four things to dip them into, two chile sauces, beans, and a sour cream based one.  They were all yummy!  I ordered the Si Senor Combo plate which came with an enchilada, a chile relleno, a taco, and a tamale, all smothered under their green chile sauce.  I subbed the tamale for taco, and they were very accommodating.  The dish, overall, was good.  I would've liked the taco to be carne asada instead of ground beef, but it was still okay.  And for desert, our meal included sopapillas which was tasty.  Will probably try Si Senor again when we are back in AZ.Overall, good food, okay service, okay prices.
2	This place has decent food but I am surprised by the people who gave it 4 or 5 star rave reviews. It's not bad, but it's nothing special either. I went in on Sunday for a late lunch with 3 other people. We all liked our food but agreed that it was pretty much the same as any other Mexican restaurant. I was a little disappointed since the menu did not have a lot of choices and what was there was pretty basic. One of the people at the table ordered the combo plate they were told that they were out of tamales so she had to sub another taco. So, the four of us got chicken rolled taquitos, beef fajitas, carne con chile, and tacos. Wow, real exciting stuff. The pluses for this place are the variety of salsa that come with chips before the meal and the free sopapillas. Again, nothing really wowed my taste buds, but both were a nice touch. The waitress was very friendly but the service was spotty. She refilled our drinks before they were even empty but failed to notice that we did not have napkins or silverware until we pointed it out to her... after our meals had been brought out. Overall I didn't hate it; but I will not be back again since there are other Mexican joints closer to my house that have the same boring food so it really is not worth the drive for me.
5	this could be the best mexican in phoenix.  ironically its New Mexico style.  last time I went it was sat night and we got great service which amazed me because it was so busy.  I LOVE this place.  I always eat too much when I go so I try not to go too often.  The green chili is the best I have ever had.  They have weird hours. seem to close early and very limited hours on sunday twice I think I tried to go but they where close so just remember to check the hours before you head over.
5	I pity the poor folks who don't comprehend New Mexican cuisine. I was turned on to this place by a friend of mine who grew up in Gallup. I asked where the best New Mexican food in Phoenix was and this was one of 3 places he loves. He lives in North Scottsdale, so it's easily an hour round trip with no traffic (since when is there no traffic in Metro Phoenix!) so he readily admitted that that journey doesn't happen very often. He, like me, stops there on the way back from Tucson (easy stop from the freeway) or if he is playing golf in the Chandler, Mesa, Gilbert area. Here you go: The BEST free salsa & chip plate I have ever had. #1 all time. This is worth the stop! Hatch chile rellenos. They don't get any better. I often get 4 or 6 to go after we've eaten. Maragaritas....... as good as they get. If you are driving .... no more than two. Tamales...... none better. Fabulous burritos. Stay away from the Americanized dishes and enjoy the best of Nuevo Mexico. Get the #1 plate & pray you have room for the sopapilla(s). They'll bring you another if you are nice! Just like Tia Stella used to make! Vaya con dios....... you'll be back and back and back.
5	I determine whether I like a Mexican restaurant based on two things, the kind of Mexican beer on draft and, chile rellenos. By far my favorite Chile Relleno dish I've had.This place is great. I love the variety of choices I get to dip my chips in!Even the beans and rice are good!!!Just say Si.
1	Food was way overpriced for the taste. Beans overcooked. Tortillas seemed stale. Server was horrible. Avoid this place. Dont waste ur $. Sorry bout iiiiit.
1	I have to post my experience here. I used to come here for business and take out once in a while. I called on 3/22 and ordered #5 with chicken and double rice, no beans. I opened the box and it was cheese (no chicken) and beans.. I called and let them know. I was told that they would charge my card back $16.25.. It is now 4/17 and I have not seen my money back. I have also called and left 8 messages for the manager who is apparently never there, nor does she call people back.. I am a member of the Chandler Chamber of Commerce and now everyone there knows my experience. I'm extremely disappointed that I was just lied to and blown off after all the $$ I have spend there in the last 4 years. The food has really gone downhill and my husband never wanted to go because he says its just microwaved food that's marked up 10x.. Maybe this place will go out of business before they fix what's wrong
2	My son and daughter wanted Si Senor's for dinner. We got their about 8pm not many people in the place. Our server was nice and timely with the drink, that was the plus side to my night.  After reading in the menu that the 1st bowl of chips & salsa are on the house, additional bowls will be 3bucks, told the kids this is the only chips they are getting. My daughter ordered the cheese enchilada dinner and it came with 3 huge enchiladas, which she enjoyed, my son ordered the chili rellenos which were also huge in size.  I ordered the shredded beef tacos combo, when I picked my 1st taco up, the filling feel right through breaking my shell, the meat was soggy like it was soaking in water, the other taco feel completely apart as well. The rice was lacking in flavor and the beans tasted like rosarita made them, I wasn't that impressed with the place so No Senor No Mas....
2	Surely not a place I will be dying to go to again.Server was friendly.. but terrible.  Took forever to get chips and salsa, took a long time for her to take our drink order, she charged me an extra buck for my beer, forgot to bring out my water, my girlfriends diet coke remained empty for most of the meal, and forgot my leftover box until being reminded a few times.  Wasn't that busy... maybe just an off night for her.Really can't scratch off a place due to a miss on service.  So, onto the food.  So completely overpriced for just your standard Mexican fare.  I had the green chile con carne which was good, but around $9.00 bucks for a small bowl is so completely overpriced.  They give you one serving of chips and then want to charge $3.00 for your second serving.  We didn't finish through our first batch of chips but I still found it a bit tacky.  Couple that with the fact that they charge you $3.00 for plate splitting.  Everywhere you turn on the menu it's telling you, extra charge for this, extra for that, limited refills, no substitutions.  You'd almost get the impression they really don't want you there.  My girlfriend got an enchilada plate which she said was decent, but not fantastic (especially for the price).I'm sure there are better options in the area to find.
5	I go here for their chips and dips. Their green chili dip is out of this world amazing. I would order it by the gallon if I could. The taco salad is good, and comes with sour cream and guac, without being an additional charge. The enchiladas and flauta plates meet expectations. They serve a number of new mexican style hatch green chili plates. A favorite of mine. Avoid on Friday and Saturday nights, the line and wait is just ridiculous. It's not the best mexican restaurant I have ever been to, but few restaurants in the area have a variety of green chili dishes, let alone good ones. So for this, I give them 5 stars.
4	New to Yelp, and the first review I made sure to make was on Si Senor.  If you are looking for authentic New Mexican food this is the place.  The mural on their wall of the Organ mtns says it all although most of their employees don't know nothing about the other restaurant in Las Cruces.  The dip trio and chips are so good make sure not to fill up on that alone.  When they say the hot green chili is HOT they mean it.  Hot and flavorfull.  I stick to the basics like enchiladas and tacos so I can't say much more about the rest of their menu.  Also save room for desert when you are treated to sopapillas - plain or with brown sugar!
3	Wow, I wasn't sure what to think after reading the reviews for this place-it seems like you either love it or hate it.....and I think I am stuck in the middle. We went here for the other night and there was a wait on a Tuesday night which completely threw me off. Maybe some people on Yelp were wrong and the food is just that good that people will wait awhile? Well, possibly but turns out 2/3 of their dining room was being renovated so they were just seating people in the one that didn't need to have any work done on it. Usually this wouldn't bother me but I had a flight to catch so I wanted the process to be a little quicker. Once seated we were greeted and got our fresh chips with four different kinds of salsa and sauces. If you're a free chip hound like me, be prepared to pay for a second or third basket since they charge $2.95 after the first one. One was definitely enough to split between two people. Everything on their menu looked appetizing and I ended up going with the flautas since I didn't want to be that girl on the plane carrying on leftover Mexican food. They were fresh and brought out with a heaping service of refried beans, cheese and rice. I love their presentation of the food-it's laid out on a school lunch like tray and rolled out to you on a random little cart (kind of like a bussers.....hopefully they dont use this for both). There were a lot of bigger groups there, including a birthday party next to us in which one of the kids came up to our table, said "Muuuuuurdeeeer" then walked away. Can I get a wtf? By the time the sopapillas came out, I could only stomach a bite or two but it was delish!
4	After eating at Si Senor on Alama School road in Chandler i was impressed with the quality of food and the flavor. Best Mexican food  in the east valley with a New Mexico touch to the spices . I ordered the Chicken enchiladas which came with rice and beans . I tried the red and green salsa on the enchiladas to compare and the green was new mexico styleyum yum    expect a short wait on weekends as their is always a lineup but worth the wait
5	We were hungry for Mexican food and found this place on Yelp.  It quite possibly was the best Mexican place we have been to in AZ
5	I am from New Mexico and this is the best New Mexico mexican food I have had here in AZ.
3	Very good chips and salsa delivered to start the meal.  2 salsas, a bean dip, and a jalapeno ranch dip  -  and the chips are above decent.  The second batch of chips and salsa will cost you $2.95, however.But the menu prices are a little high.  Spent $26 on 1 Appetizer, 1 Entree', and two drinks.  Nothing we had was outstanding, compared to other local places.I'd go back just to make a meal from 2 batches of the chips and salsa, drink water, and get out of there for under $5.
4	I do recommend this place. The food was really good and the staff was friendly. I would go again. I like the atmosphere and it was clean. I had the enchilada plate and a taco. We left full and satisfied.
4	One of the best places to eat Mexican food in the area.  Really do enjoy this place, but beware ... it's hot ... well at least for this white boy.   My favorite are the combo plates.  Every time I go I try to get something different just to see, but one of my favorites is the stuffed Relleno .... but pretty much anything I have had here is amazing.  I also like how you get lots of different salsa's, bean dips etc with the chips.  These guys do it right!
5	I LOVE this place...  Here again for the lunch specials with the boyfriend and daughter... We get the green chili burritos and its always awesome.... Been coming for a while and its been ***** (5 Stars) every time.. Its worth the drive and price.
4	I dream of their green chili  and chile relleno (made from hatch valley chilis - you can really notice the difference)...  Their green salsa is excellent.  The other dishes are pretty standard but good.The service is also good.  I love how each dish comes with complementary sopapillas - sooo good!
3	So so food. Had the #1 combo platter and all the different dishes tasted the same. Service was slow like they were short staffed. Our search for a good sit down Mexican restaurant continues....
4	Love this Mexican food for a dinner out on the weekends,My husband LOVES hot and they have hot and I like it mild and they have that as well the green chilis are so good I cant even explain to you how good they are.Real authentic food and not a bad price for good food.We have five kids under eight and they all love it here lots of food for a small price. The girls favorite is they order a large home made pizza size tortilla with a ton of cheese on it it comes on a metal pizza pan thats how large it isI think the only issue I do have is they charge for a second basket of chips for $2.95 but were not talking just plain chips and salsa they bring out a basket of chips with 2 salsas, a bean dip, and a jalapeno ranch dip which is HOT but so good you cant stop eating it..so have plenty of water on the table before you start LOL
1	Being from New Mexico I thought id go here and have some amazing Green and Red Chile dishes. Not so much. I spent 14yrs in New Mexico and know New Mexican food very well. This is a fairly bad knockoff of what New Mexican food is. Si Senor is a bland chain in New Mexico that is reaching to capture other markets apparently. This is no Los Cuates!
2	Yuck.  I've been here so many times because my family loves it, but I cringe every time I have to attend a family event here.Typical overly fried or sauced or cheesed gross generic Mexican food with no flavor or personality.I've literally tried just about everything on the menu and have been completely underwhelmed.  Now when I have to go there, I just order a plain bean and cheese burrito because it's simple enough to not be flavorless and boring.The chips and salsa are pretty cool, though I don't care for their red salsa.  The other ones, including the bean and ranch dip, are good though.
5	This has to be the best New Mexico-style restaurant in the Valley.  My family and I come here often, and I always try to talk friends into coming with me.  Their red and green chili come in mild or hot.  If you choose hot, please be prepared for HOT.  They only use Hatch chilis, so anything with chili on it is going to have lots of delicious Hatch chili flavor.  My favorite is either the rellenos or the stuffed sopapillas--sopapillas stuffed with your choice of ground beef, shredded beef, or chicken, covered in your choice of red or green sauce and cheese.  I usually go with the delicious marinated chicken and hot green sauce.  Lots of other commenters also commented on the chips and salsa, and those reviewers didn't lie!  The chips and salsa are great!  You could practically just fill up on the chips and salsa and skip the rest of the meal, it is that good!The service is always quick and the waiters/waitresses are friendly and knowledgeable.  Also, they have a full bar and amazing margaritas.  The food always tastes fresh, you'll never feel like you're getting yesterday's beans and rice.  If you're tired of Manuel's, Serrano's, or Garcia's, definitely give Si Senor a try.  I have NEVER had a bad experience there.
5	My husband loves New Mexican food and this place was amazing.  A friend of ours recommended it as she is a New Mexican Native.  We live in AJ but will travel to go here.  Love that they give you sopapillas.   As a previous reviewer mentioned that it is hard to screw up sopapillas.  This is true, but I am a sopapillas connoisseur and  have gone to places where they do screw it up.  I love this place and am so thankful to have a true NM restaurant here in the valley.
2	Good bean dip, OK chips. OK green chile, although they need a medium green option.  I don't understand why when going from CO closer to Mexico I can't find anywhere with mole sauce?
2	So, this mexican restaurant is just like any other mexican restaurant in the valley. If you like the same ol', same ol' kind of Mexican food then you'll like this place. On the other hand I like the more modern style mexican restaurants myself. One thing that really got me and irritated the heck out of me about this place is serving the food out of a plastic tray. I feel like I'm back in Junior High School. I want real plates, round plates, I prefer squared plates but it doesn't really matter as long as they are actual plates. In conclusion, I will probably never go to this restaurant ever again. If I wanted to be served food in this manner, I would go to "Filiberto's" and get me a "number1" combo plate and then proceed to pour it into my dog dish and then eat it (save some money this way).
5	I LOVE this place. I have been coming here for years and they never disappoint. The free chip assortment with your meal is always a hit. The service is always quick. The food is always done right and you can feed two people really well for less than $30. This is a win.  I can't get enough of the red sauce ontop of my burrito, so I usually get extra. Super smooth, smokey, and a nice slow heat. This place does New Mexican cuisine very well and is worth your time.
4	For what Si Senor is, kind of a combination New Mexican/Mexican restaurant, it's good. Not great, but good. If you have a strong need for a Mexican food "fix", Si Senor should fit the bill. I am from Las Cruces originally, home of lots of really good New Mexican restaurants making use of that famous Hatch chile. Based on these other places - Si Senor is in the middle of the pack. Here, it's pretty good. Nice to have the 4 types of salsa offered with chips as soon as you sit down. Always good service. You usually don't have to wait long for the food to appear - indicative of having a good assembly line in the kitchen, with the food in various stages of preparation. Try the stuffed sopapillas for something a little different. Make sure to ask for extra salsa though since they really don't add too much chile to them. Of course, their enchiladas are standard solid fare! We go pretty often!
5	This is one of favorite places for New Mexico style Mexican food. They have good size portions of authentic Mexican favorites at reasonable prices. I love their enchiladas and sopapillas. I also love the atmosphere. It's very relaxed and welcoming.
5	The burrito platter has a ton of food on it and tastes great. Awesome Hatch Valley Chile too!
2	I've been eating at this restaurant for years and I've never had a problem with the food. I could eat those dips they serve with the chips all day long! The reason I'm only giving them a two star review is the fact that while I still eat here I've received consistent poor service from the waitstaff. They just aren't very friendly and our drinks stay empty for far too long even when the restaurant isn't busy. I usually just get take out nowadays if I decide to stop by. I've been on the look out for good Mexican food closer to home.
4	I love love love this place. I love the chips and salsa. I love the sauces they bring and I can't seem to get enough! The patron margaritas are super good. The staff seems pleasant and happy and I think that they are doing a great job. I am there at least once a month for the last few years and I have not had a bad experience. Good Job!!
5	what can I say besides this is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  Authentic New Mexican food. I get the#1 combo and I try to not eat it all so I have room for the sopapia.  Only complaint is they serve pepsi.
4	This was my first time here and my server Jacob was amazing. I asked about the dishes and he walked me through them along with telling me about the different spice levels of their sauces. I would definitely recommend this as a place to go for great food, drinks and service!
5	My boss is from New Mexico and is super picky about green chile and has been raving about this place.  I finally went a bit ago and this is definitely one of my new favorite places!  I've been now a total of 3 times in the last month and I think it gets better each time I go.  First off, the dips that come with the chips are so yummy!  The green chile stuff and the spicy white sauce are my fav.  I am really picky about chicken from restaurants since most chicken ends up being super slimy or fake tasting.  Their chicken is incredible, literally melts in your mouth.  After your meal everyone gets a sopapilla (sp?) for dessert and those are the icing on the cake.  Just the perfect little treat after a great meal.I'm so shocked by the bad reviews on here, either those people are crazy or there was something out of the ordinary happening that night.
5	My absolute favorite New Mexico style food restaurant. My only complaint is I live in Glendale and this place is located in Chandler. Really far to drive to get my favorite  food. Please consider opening  on the west side on Bell Rd. in fact, there are several vacant restaurant buildings calling your name. Your flat enchiladas are the best and I'm craving your sopapillas. People in Chandler and Mesa, try this place!
5	I LOVE this place. The food is always good and I have never had a problem with the staff. Their chips and salsas are amazing. I visit here wth my family often and its alway been great.
3	Still searching for that inexpensive Mexican restaurant with decent flavor.  So I decided to stop in and try their Chili Meat Burrito with pork and red sauce for lunch.  First off they bring pretty good chips and 4 different sauces, not a bad start.  The burrito was of normal size with a portion of refried beans and rice.  Overall the meal was OK, enough so that I will venture back and try a different dish.  Not a bad lunch for $8.13...worth giving it a shot!
1	Honestly, I'm a bit surprised by the number of good reviews.  My experience was far from positive.Service was terrible.  As the four of us in our party observed, the waitress made a habit of bringing hot food out on a cart from the kitchen, and rather than immediately serve it to the table, she would stop by other tables on the way, takes orders, ask if they needed anything, etc.  This happened multiple times.  Seems to me that should be the other way around.I ordered the chicken fajitas.  The rest of my party was served their food about 10 minutes before mine.  That is also unacceptable.  They felt bad about eating without me, and I didn't want their food to get cold.  The kitchen needs to learn how to time food so an entire table's order comes out at once.We had to ask our waitress several times for napkins, silverware, and salsa.After all of this, the food was sub-par.  My chicken lacked any resemblance of flavor.  The rice and re-fried beans were fine, except for the clearly over-cooked, dried out edges of beans around the plate.  The only person who mostly enjoyed their food had ordered a chicken quesadilla.  At least they can get cheese and tortillas to cook right.They also charge $2.50 for a second helping of chips and salsa.  I've never been to a Mexican restaurant where they charge for more chips & salsa.Overall, being my first Mexican restaurant experience in Arizona, I'm VERY disappointed(come on guys, I can throw a rock to the border.  I expected better!)  I definitely won't be back.
2	Being in the mood for some Mexican food and wanting to try something local and close to where I lived, figured we give this place a try. Service was good place was clean and friendly but food could have been better. I had ordered the Sopapillia plate with ground beef. The Spanish style rice seemed to be more like minute rice with the Spanish seasoning and my Sopapillia fell apart with the ground beef inside reminding me of the ground beef served at Taco Bell or some fast food chain. The ice tea was not good either tasted as if was made from tap water. I managed to make it through the meal while being constantly annoyed at the plates that my meal was served on as it is a hot plate siting inside another holding plate, but as I would eat it would shift out of the holding plate. The plates and the whole experience brought back memories of when I was younger high school/college student and I though Pancho's was great Mexican food. For the price I paid I have had better. You do however get chips and Sopapillia with every meal which were good.
5	I can't even begin to to explain how good the food is here! We came a few weeks ago, and my boyfriend wouldn't stop asking when we were coming back. The food is HOT, so be prepared! At the beginning, you get chips with a side of beans, spicy sour cream, red salsa, and green chile salsa... so good! My boyfriend got the Green Chile Plate and it looked and smelled so good. I got the vegetarian plate that comes with a bean taco(totally vegetarian), a cheese enchilada, chile rellano, and rice and beans. You will ALWAYS take food home for leftovers. The service is friendly, they bring your food out on carts, which is kind of weird, but who cares. I would definitely recommend this place if you like spicy (New) Mexican food!
4	The food was wonderful, we ordered the homemade chips with guacamole and they were the best ever! The only problem we had was not with the food but with the noise, terribly loud. The wait staff uses carts and they are very noisy and since the floor is concrete and tile the noise just bounces off them. This is difficult for conversation, especially if anyone in your group has even a slight hearing problem.
5	mmmm New Mexico style mexican food in Arizona! We ordered a number of plates and shared to taste a combo of things:  The Chile con (green) Carne & The Chile Relleno were my favorite! Cheese Enchiladas and Chimichanga were just good. Our favorite was the chicken sopapillas (w red sauce) and shredded beef gorditas. You can't find authentic gorditas anywhere but Texas and NM, so what a treat! Si Senor is very generous in their complimentary chips w 4 different salsas when you arrive then sweet sopapillas for dessert. (They might charge for a 2nd order of chips though -not sure, never had to order more -ask your server). Only negative I can express would be that they didn't have the soap filled in the men's restroom (per my husband ;)
5	Si Senor is my favorite Mexican food restaurant. I love that you get four different dips with the chips and all four are wonderful. You can't get anything like the sour cream salsa at any other restaurant. I have liked every meal that I have tried. The rice is cooked  well and has the perfect spices. In addition to the amazing meal, you get a sopapilla at the end. The service has always been kind and attentive. My husband and I go at least once a month.
4	Great food! I always order cheese enchiladas with the spicy green sauce.  You can't go wrong with them.  Beware of the salsa quartet...it's addicting! I honestly can't pick a favorite. I'm tempted to order extra cinnamon sugar sopapillas at the end of the meal!
4	I have been eating at Si Senor for about 10 years now.  I love the fact they use Hatch peppers.  Their sauces are also among the best, and they bring out 4 kinds of sauce (well, one is a hot bean dip) with chips when you sit down to eat.  I noticed they seem to have recently changed their chip recipe to make them more healthy - and I don't like their new chips nearly as much as the old, greasy, salty ones.  Also, their menu prices keep going up fairly often.  Best time to go is lunch and look for the tiny menu usually stuffed in with the tray that has honey, etc.  You can get a great lunch for about 7 dollars (10:30 to 2) and it includes tea or soft drink!  Ordering off the menu, with drink, will cost about double that.
5	We loved this place! I can see why they have so many good reviews. I got the ground beef tacos. They were on corn tortillas and were the deep fried kind that are so good. Not like a Taco Bell taco. The cheese enchiladas were nicely sized and served with either green or red sauce. The chips come out with 4 different sauces/salsas. All very spicy. We will definately come back!
5	If you're looking for authentic New Mexico food this is the place!  I'm from Silver city New Mexico and I could never find Mexican food here in Arizona. A little piece of home :)
4	First of all, I LOVE the chips and dip set up. That green chile salsa is amazing, but packs quite a bit of heat so beware! Seeing as AZ water is disgusting I usually order an iced tea. They serve a really tasty raspberry very lightly sweetened. I absolutely hate overly sweet tea, but their's was perfecto!The cheese enchiladas are average, cheese, tortilla, sauce. Tacos are pretty good too, but I come hear for the tamales, red chile con carne, and sopaipillas! They're the first Mexican restaurant I've eaten at that doesn't have dry tamales. They are so good! Chile con carne is delicious and tender, falls apart in your mouth. I've only had the red because the green packs a little too much heat for me. The end of meal sopaipillas with cinnamon and sugar are so yummy!
4	Very good! I had the enchilada plate and it was tasty! The amount of salsa they bring you at the beginning is fantastic - i particularly liked the sourcream & onion dip they provided - wow that was a pleasant surprise!
4	Woooo Hoooooo HOT!  If you are a fan of New Mexico style heat this is the place for you.  Be careful when you dive into the dipping sauces they offer with the chips, looks can be deceiving.  My missing star is due to the fact that I think it would be nice for the servers to give you a heads up on the heat, especially when there are kids at the table.I have the fajitas when we go and my honey has the chicken enchiladas.  We've yet to be disappointed.  At the end of your meal they bring you warm sopappillas! (sp) that are a perfect finish.  I'd recommend trying Si Senor's if your in the Chandler area.
5	Great food. Definitely reminds me of New Mexico! Green Chile is very spicy.
4	Went for lunch yesterday.....the reviews we right on, things were spicy, just the way I like it. It was funny as I looked around the dining room folks were sniffing from runny noses, awesome! Its the first time I ever had hot (temperature wise) dipping sauces for my chips...I'm not complaining just different. I like them all but after munching on them for about 15 minutes the red was in the lead followed closely by green hatch(hottest). Keep in mind this appetizer of chips and dips has the power to fill you up. My main entree with the Deluxe combination platter...it was too much food especially after over doing it on the chips/dips. The star for me was the red chili con carne. Solid rice and re-fried beans.I didn't care for the tamale as much and the cheese enchilada was just taking up space.Now that I know what its all about I can be more selective when I go back.
3	I got back in AZ a few days ago and was craving spicy, delicious, savory Mexican food. And since my parent live in Chandler, the place with the best Mexican food yelp rating was Si Senor. I know that Si Senor is actually New Mexican style food, but that was what I was in the mood for... some spicy green chille salsa!Si Senor has not changed since I lived in AZ three years ago. It still resembles a cafeteria with tables coated in a plastic table cloths, cheap chairs, and tube style tvs hanging in the corners. Let me start off my saying the service was OUTSTANDING. Our server was very attentive and made sure that were never needing more drinks. The food also arrived quickly, and piping hot; but, the food was just not that great. My mom's chimichanga and my enchilda were piping hot but dry inside. We needed extra green chilli salsa to get through out entrees.Oh well! I am glad to see this business is doing so well, and have such an awesome following. Maybe I will be back during my next visit to AZ.
5	My husband and I are AZ natives....so we know (and love) us some good Mexican food.  After moving to Chandler, we looked high and low for a great new Mexican spot....to no avail...until.... Si Senor!  The food gets 5/5 stars.  But beware: this is not the spot for the faint of tongue.  You MUST like it HOT.  Like sweat-runs-out-of-your-eyes hot.  Like, oh-my-God-I'm-going-to-poop-FIRE hot.  Like wow-this-is-spicy (you get the picture) hot.  The service varies.  Some of the servers are better than others.  Let me put it simply: you do not go for the service.  The food is what keeps us coming back (chips for 4 types of dip and free sopapillas at the end of every meal- HELLO)!  And the restaurant itself isn't the most beautiful.  But I'm okay with that.  The prices are great, the food is outta this world, and I'm addicted.  Si Senor is the bees-knees.  Go.  The food never disappoints.
2	Since this place is close to home and I love Mexican food, I've tried very hard to like Si Senor's over the years.  Still "not feeling it.". The service is always good, ditto for the chips and salsa but the entrees fall short on taste. I know New Mexican style food and this isnt it.
3	Ten Year Customers here in a great neighborhood restaurant. Si Senors goes up and down in quality as they hire and fire their cooks.  Sometimes in just ok and last night was simply amazing.  Their rates keep going upand prices and the little things they do to save money is annoying;  A.) They turn down the air. No A/C in bathrooms.  B.)  Hire waitresses that know how to wait tables C.)  No Paper towels in bathrooms?   Rates are same as Abuelo's and El Zocalo's. Their food is good but cheaping out on the little things make me wonder what things are skimping on that I can't see.
4	Holy delicious sopapilla Batman!! The bean dip is fantastic, almost filled me to much for the good good at dinner. Prepare to have you food smothered in delicious sauce!
5	I go here for the Chile Con Carne, it's hot and every meal comes with chips & 4 different salsas, plus sopaipillas... What? No complaints here
4	We have eaten here a four times in the past six months and while the food is good the service is hit or miss. The food is really good.The first time we ate there, the food and the service was fantastic. Amazing even. We were so pleased we could not wait to go back. Everything from the chips and salsa to the beans to the burritos to the awesome cinnamon/sugar sopapillas and the strawberry margaritas was excellent. Our waitress was kind and attentive and took care of us start to finish.Second time we ate there, unfortunately we sat in Kevin's station. He was OBVIOUSLY not happy to be working that day. He made us feel unwelcome. He got our order wrong, twice. He was not apologetic. We waited forever, it seemed, to get a second round of margaritas. He brought the wrong kind of sopapillas for dessert. It was awful.  But, on the other hand, the food itself was good once he got the order right.Third time we ate there the food was as good as the first visit but the service was just run-of-the-mill. She was efficient but not friendly or very attentive. It was just so-so.  It was NOT the knock-your-socks-off service we got on our first visit but it was way better than when Kevin waited on us.Tonight we ate there again, and were it not for the owner buying our meal tonight, we would not ever return.  We were seated in Kevin's station again and while I am not quite sure how he did it, Kevin managed to do even worse tonight than last time.   First, as he brought us our chips and salsa he spilled them all over the table and Cris' purse. Then, after cleaning that up and delivering another basket of chips and salsa, Kevin proceeded to take orders for every table but ours, including tables that were seated well after us.  Apparently he thought we were a party of three, so we sat there for at least 20 minutes before he finally bothered to ask us about our third person. Finally, then, he took our order.The food was good as always but there was no salvaging the service. Kevin seemed to care more this time than last time. He wanted to make it right but he never invited the owner to talk with us. When we finally got the check we went to the register to pay. Luckily the owner was there and she wouldn't let us pay. She wanted us to come back.  And so, we will go back. If the service is good next time, I will update this rating and this review.  Do not sit in Kevin's station.
3	For quality and taste of food this place is a solid 5, unfortunately the service lack a bit at my most recent visit and it resulted in luke-warm food and a long dining time frame.  The menu has a good variety and what's included in the dinner is a good value (Beans, Rice, Sopaipillas, Chips and Salsa)The four Salsa/Dips served with the chips are "hot".  I personally enjoyed them all, but  my family had differing opinions.  The sopaipillas were a little dry but drenched in honey they were still a nice treat.The chicken chimichanga was large and delicious.  Of course the portion size was a little out of control so I was able to take some home for another meal.The service was the major malfunction of our visit.  As it was Friday, it was busy.  We were seated in about 20 minutes.  We received chips and drinks fairly quickly, however once we ordered our food, it took at least 30 minutes to get it.  Several families who were seated after us received their food before us.  When we finally received our food it wasn't at an ideal temperature.  It was still warm enough to eat, but it did seem like it sat under a warmer for a while.  Overall, I would recommend Si Senor as the Mexican food served is quite appetizing and well worth it.
5	I have been around to several local restaurants in Arizona and this one is by far the best. Thank you for an outstanding lunch. Im so happy, finallly a good mexican restaurant!!!!!  The service is great and their servers are very attentive. Great place!!!!
2	This restaurant was not a 4 by any means. I give it a 2. The salsa was nothing special. Our beers came out warm and one of the dishes was incorrect. After all this, they took $2 off instead of not charging for the beer and dish. The food was mediocre. I would not visit this place again.
3	The complimentary chips come with 4 dips, a bean, sour cream, salsa, and green chili. Nice touch versus the usual chips and salsa. I ordered the chicken fajitas. The rice was a little soggy, but everything else was good.
4	I really like this New Mexican style restaurant!  The Hatch green chile and sopapillas are yummy!  I have to admit that I have only had their cheese enchiladas but they are always so good and if you like whole beans opposed to refried beans, this is the place to get them.  This is definitely a regular restaurant for me.
5	I love love this place! It's not too often you can find really spicy green chile here and it's delicious! The red chile is also fantastic, lately I've been getting the red chile burrito smothered with the hot green chili! Yum! Oh and I love the white salsa also. This place rocks!
5	Really enjoyed my meal and experience here. Had a Margarita and the Chicken Chimichanga, both were great. Service was perfect and the spicy green salsa was terrific.
3	The Service was good. They have some specials for happy hour. Overall though the quality of the food compared with price was lacking.  Nice, authentic feeling mom and pop place though.
2	The first thing that irked is the nickel and diming of the chips and salsa. Not cool. Ya I get it that everyone isn't a fatty like my girlfriend and I are when it comes to chips and salsa. That's fine. For the people who love chips and salsa like us though charging extra for more chips and salsa is BS. The main reason why it makes no sense is because they are the only restaurant doing that. The outside of the restaurant isn't very appealing but once you are in it isn't too bad. I was not a fan of the tables and how crammed they have you with everyone else in the restaurant. They have been around forever.  Invest in some booths. The food is what is giving this restaurant high reviews and I agree with that. The food was good. The different salsas and green chili were good. This restaurant has a lot of potential because of their food, but that's not enough to bring me back I'm afraid.
5	My most favorite New Mexican place. I love the chips and dips and the large dinner portions. The taco are awesome. I also love the free desert. Great.
2	I went here because the reviews were good but I was very disappointment. The atmosphere and the staff were very nice which is where the two stars comes from. However, the food was very bland and I thought it was overpriced. This place was a disgrace for a state that is known for their Mexican food.
4	Just went here for lunch with the shop. I liked the provided chips and salsa. The chips were warm and seemed home-made. They gave us a warm green chili salsa, cold red salsa, warm bean dip with a meaty ham type flavor, and a white sour cream based cold dip. I love creamy dips so I mostly ate the white one. Our server helped us immediately, which is important when your entire shop is out to lunch (which for us was only 4 people). She brought us drinks and asked to take our order right away. We mostly ordered from the lunch special menu and my Chicken Quesadilla with green chiles was only like $6-7. After eating all those yummy chips I was only able to eat 3 out of 8 of the slices! I have a ton of leftovers.  As an added bonus, they give you a free sopapia at the end. It was fresh and so yummy. I would definitely go here more often if it wasn't so far from our shop.
4	I've lived in the area for over 4 years and only recently discovered this place (too many great Mexican restaurants to choose from!) I've been twice and have enjoyed the food both times. Only giving 4 stars, though, because it's a little pricey for what it is. The sopapillas at the end are a nice touch.
4	I changed my previous review from two stars to four stars and am adding this update to say that I do not think Kevin works there any longer. We have been back a couple times since the last review and the food and the service was great once again.
5	You know you are in the right place when It is bustling with people on just a random Monday evening. The menu has an ample assortment of dinners and combination platters, it made it really hard to finally pick a plate. Everyone in my party was raving about their dinners, all the food was top notch. Plus I really enjoyed the different choices of sauces to use on the enchiladas and different items. The margaritas were also dangerously good. I may have found a new favorite Mexican food place in Arizona.
4	Good service!! Food was okay, I got the carne asada taco plate but the salsa but the chips and salsa were bomb.com
5	I usually don't like New Mexican food...but this spot is the exception.Double-down on the warm, green chile salsa.  Put it on everything...you won't be sorry.Chips/salsa are quite a bit more addicting than most places.  I usually get one of the combo platters as it has a bit of everything and all of them are excellent.  Finish up with a sopapilla (sugar preferred) and you just slammed a perfect meal.
3	Food was okay, my rice was good but my flautas were super greasy and not very flavorful... The best thing about the experience was probably the bean dip and chips. But I've still had better
5	This is hands down the best New Mexican food in the valley!  As a New Mexican transplant, I was so excited to learn about this place.  They even have a picture of the Organ Mountains near Las Cruces - my college town- hanging in the lobby!  The thing anyone from New Mexico misses when they leave  is GREEN CHILE!  If you haven't tried it, I suggest a trip to Si Senor to give it a try- you'll be hooked!  It comes in the hot or mild variety and is so flavorful. I always order the big combo plate so I have left overs for the next day!
5	Been patronizing this restaurant since we moved to Chandler in 2002.  One of the finest southwest cuisine restaurants in the country in my opinion.  Great menu, good service and absolutely consistent throughout the last 12 years.
4	I feel like I've been searching all over the valley for NM style food! We made the 40 mile drive over here to meet with some friends because we heard that this was the place to go for NM food. We were seated right away & started with some cocktails which were great. Our server brought out a platter of chips with 4 different dips/salsas, score! I ordered the shredded beef burrito enchilada style which was SOO good. The meat was so flavorful & it was actual green chile! I felt like I was back home in NM :) My husband ordered ground beef gorditas which he loved. Our friend ordered chicken gorditas but they brought out beef & it took a very very long time for him to receive the correct order. We were all finished with our food by the time his arrived.  Our server never apologized for the error, just kinda took the plate & left which is what took my review from a 5 star to a 4. When we were leaving around 12:30pm people were lined up all outside, this place gets pretty busy! Can't wait to come back here for another burrito!
4	I really liked this place. The food was good. FREE SOPAPILLAS!! YAY! YAY!This is actually the best New Mexican food in the valley.
4	Holy giant portions!  My boyfriend and I split a plate and were still stuffed.  I ordered the combo plate #1 which came with Rolled cheese enchilada, tamale, relleno, taco, Hatch Valley chile con carne smothered with your choice of chile.  I am a wimp so I did not choose the hot chile.  Really good, except the taco...this was totally a ground beef taco...yucky...but the rest of the food on the plate made up for that taco.  They do charge 2.95 for sharing but it is worth it because I don't see how anyone could finish a plate on their own.  They have such an assortment of flavors with their chips and salsa.  It comes with bean dip, green salsa, red salsa and a ranch type of dip.  All were quite tasty.  The best part is that the meal comes with sopapillas!  YUMMY.  They were delish.  They just need to get rid of that ground beef taco and replace that with some good ol shredded beef, that was the only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars.
3	Wanted to love this place having just had a wonderful meal at Los Dos Molinos.  It was just ok.  Even the decor was uninteresting and had the feel that you would find in a rest home.  I was hoping for more of a homemade taste and unique environment but it ended up being pretty much like 90% of the Mexican food I find--it wasn't a cut above.  The chips and salsa were good and the enchiladas were perfectly fine but not special.  Same can be said for the rice and beans.  The frozen margarita was just plain bad--watery and without flavor.  The sopapillas were excellent.  There are too many better options so I don't think I would be back.
4	Being from NM and going to school where this restaurant started (las Cruces, NM) makes me a bit biased but this is a good overall NM place.Hands down the best part is the salsas and chips they bring out before the meal. One red, one green chile enchilada sauce (warm), one sour cream chile/ jalapeno and one bean dip (warm).Overall the other food is good with the typical NM fair, nothing outstanding but all good. I like the Gorditas plate.Interior is Santa Fe style, kinda outdoor feel.
4	We had about a group of 20 celebrating early Cinco de Mayo. This is a great place for large groups. They have a few separate dining areas.  I had the chicken chimichanga with green chile sauce plate. The potion size was decent.  I thought the green chile sauce just wasn't enough on the chimichange. No sour cream and guac came with the plate. I don't mind paying for them if the server offered. It wouldn't be a Cinco de Mayo celebration without margaritas. The ladies ordered strawberry and classic frozen margaritas while the boys got beers. If you are a light weight with the alcohol consider sharing the margarita.    At least they still give complimentary chips & salsa plus sopapilla for dessert.  They bring you both sopapilla in plain and cinnamon sugar.  Made hot and fresh!  It's messy, but so worth it!
4	Good Mexican food.  Better than anything else around but menu doesn't offer much of a variety
5	Yummy! This place is wonderful, beside great decorations and a beautiful mural of AZ when you walk in, the food is great. They give you chips and 4 kinds of dip to start. I ordered a traditional green cheese enchilada! It was huge and came with b&r. This place is a jem ! Reasonably priced abs very clean and friendly.5 starts.
4	This place severs real deal Mexican food.  I've lived in Chandler for 30 years, and I tried this place for the first time today. I can only kick myself for not going sooner. I LOVE good green chili, and these guys do it right. The best part is you can get either pork of beef. I had the beef today for lunch and it was great! Can't wait to take our friends and family here. The chips are served with not one sauce, but 4. Sour cream, beans, as well as, red and green sauce. The dinners even comes with a free sopapilla, and who doesn't love a good warm sopapilla?
5	Try this restaurant! I moved to AZ 5 years ago and this is still my favorite Mexican restaurant.  Each meal comes with complimentary chips and 4 types of salsa dips. I have never had a bad  thing on the menu. The staff is nice and the atmosphere is great!!
5	Great food one of the best in the valley that we have found. We will be back for sure
5	As an AZ native I can say that this place is the real deal Mexican food. You will not be disappointed!
4	The salsa is yummy - I had the green chile cheese enchiladas - so delightful!
5	The food is so authentic and tasty. The salsas are pretty hot but the red is the mildest.  The mild green in the enchiladas is awesome.  They are always busy but services is fast and friendly.  Prices are reasonable and the have some great lunch specials.
4	Good, authentic New Mexican food.  (Don't confuse this with Mexican... they are NOT the same.)  Very reasonable prices.  Atmosphere a bit on the weak side (primary reason for not getting 5 stars).Have been to this restaurant at least a dozen times.  Service is usually quite quick. and the servers are always quite nice and polite.   Plenty of variety on the menu.  Drinks are reasonable and good.  Sopapillias for desert every time.  :-)  When they bring the chips and varieties of salsa, be sure to try the bean dip... it is fantastic, as is the green chile salsa.Solid place, a good stand-by resturant for when you are drawing a blank on where to go.
5	This is a NEW MEXICAN restaurant and you can expect to actually get HOT red/green chili that rivals the best restaurants NM has to offer (and it's reasonably priced).  Having lived in NM for 20 years, I'm extremely spoiled and want my Mexican food with the spice that you can only get from the NM grown Anaheim Green Chili's and Si Senor's has that in spades.  It's very casual so you can feel comfortable sitting down to a meal after a hard day's work and the staff is always courteous & quick.  As soon as you sit down, you are munching on chips with 4 incredible salsa/dip choices.  It's always a little busy, but after eating there dozens of times I can only remember the service being a bit slow once (found out they were short staffed that night, so it was understandable).My favorites -  the chile relleno & the hatch valley chile con carne ("Christmas Style" of course, with both red & green chile & an egg on top).  YUM!! My only warning - try not to over eat!  Just get the left over box and have some more another day as the free sopapillas for dessert are too good to pass up!
5	This is an amazing New Mexican food restaurant. Very good chips and salsa. Great for groups. Always had really good service here. Friendly management. The cheese enchiladas are amazing. The best I have had. If you love spice this place is for you. If they tell you something is hot.... It really is. Tacos are really good. The quesidillas with green Chilis are to do for. The hatch green Chilis here can not be beat. Great food for a great price.  You have to check this place out you will not be disappointed.
1	Terrible sanitary condition. Daughters burrito had a bit off nail in it and the General Manager had the nerve to say an I quote "I'm not entirely sure the nail is ours". Unbelievable. I will never go to a Dos Gringos again. I will encourage others to do the same!
5	One of the BEST places to eat! I moved here from Colorado 6 years ago and searched for awhile for a great Mexican food place to eat. I give this place 5 stars because it is that good and if your looking for a great place to eat this is it. We always get the #1 and 14. The salsas are the best. Our favorites are the green chili and the sour cream with chili. On The weekends you cannot get ahold of them by phone because they are busy. I just walk in and place my order. I have no issues doing that because I know the food is that good to do so.
2	Ambience is good 4 of 5, appetizer chips and salsa was good can be better, comes with four dipping bean, salsa, ranch & chilli salsa 3 of 5. Main course was good can be better, we ordered fajitas, and burritos the veggies were over cooked also the qty was less, tortilla were dry and not fresh guacamole was not so fresh and okay in taste. Service was poor as they took 10min to get me beans after serving fajitas also they served my pepsi 5 min before ending my dinner that too  after two reminders. Avg price per person was 15$ not value for money considering the qty and service. I am not sure how it got best review on Yelp!!!
4	Great Mexican Family Restaurant!!! Our Waitress Valerie Was Awesome and food was hot and delicioso!!!
4	Consistently good food.  I love the tostado platter.  Sopapillas at end of meal are awesome.  Only thing I would change about this place is the salsa ... They bring a wonderful variety out with chips but they are all very spicy, and the one mild option you can ask for isn't very good.
1	My brother loves this place. Apparently on account of the lunch specials. The Service was okay. Our poor waitress was about 10 months pregnant, and I hated asking her for anything. They bring your food out on carts which is different, but made me feel better for our waitress. (did I mention she was practically crowning!) The chips were stale, when we asked for a fresher batch she said "they're all from yesterday so they are the same" - Kudos for your honestly, I suppose. The food was... bland, and boring. Even with the 7 dollar price tag, including drink and desert, it was not worth it. It's now an ongoing joke any time we go out to eat with my brother, "Anything but Si Senors"
4	Tried Si Senor last night for dinner and definitely enjoyed the food! Love how spicy everything is. The chip platter is excellent and we loved the sopapillas after dinner.  Yum!!
4	Great food, really like the green chile burger. ( I know, I order a burger from a Mexican food place, but it's awesome) Also, they bring sopapilla's (sic?) after your meal which are delicious. Service has a tendency to be slow, never got refills, but otherwise a good place to get your grub on.
2	This was my number 1 choice for dinner. I loved it. I raved to clients and friends, took out of town friends there, went there for special occasions......And then went back today.... my favorite meal... my ONLY meal (because I loved it so so much) is gone from the menu.  The green chili plate with beef (most restaurants serve with pork) has now been switched to pork. Not a fan so unfortunately I left empty handed. I literally cried. My husband likes a lot of stuff there so I'm sure their other food is delicious but I won't be back. My search will have to resume again for an amazingly tender beef green chili plate.
5	I  loved this place!  Their green chili is super spicy. Love it! $1 magaritas rock. The atmosphere is perfect.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I will go back many times.
1	Not the same as I remember since I moved. It not worth the money . I just wanted to know if it is the same as I remember. There no heart or passion in the food. For new Mexico food,  visit the state of New Mexico for the food.
1	Si Senor used to be family favorite. Haven't been there in almost three years up until today. We were disappointed at how much the quality in service and the quantity of food has declined with increased prices. Not sure if management has changed, but they now charge for every little thing. My mom ordered an iced tea that tasted like dirty dish water and asked for something else to drink. She was charged for a another refillable soft drink instead of changing it out complimentary. My brothers refried beans had a metal taste. When reporting concerns to management all they said was "sorry". We will never go back!!! If I did not have to give at least 1 star, I wouldn't but instead give negative stars. The only reason they are getting 1 star is for the sopa which is the only thing going for them.
4	The service was great and fast! The chips brought out were of great quality, none of that store bought tortilla chips I see all the time! Four dips including salsa were also free. I ordered the chicken fajita plate thinking it was a little pricey, but nope! I got so much food with it I asked for a box right when the waitress set the food down. Chicken was good, veggies were awesome and the tortillas served were warm. Only thing I wish was that I got a little more variety of veggies, I only saw bell peppers and onion. I didn't get the sopapilla dish but the table next to ours did and DAMN did it look good!! Can't wait to try it.
