4	Staying in Cave Creek for a week on vacation this place has been a nice place for coffee and internet in the morning.  Free Wifi and friendly people made this place a nice place to hideout for a 30-45 minutes before heading  back to the family.p.s. - don't mind the weird talking guy at 7am...seems to be local and harmless....just making conversation.
4	Ok, first off this place is categorized wrong. It is not a breakfast or brunch place. I went there for breakfast and would have had to settle on a scone or pastry if I wanted to eat. A smoothie if I cared to drink breakfast. That said, since I am not a coffee drinker, and this is a coffee house/bar/hangout, I am not the one to judge. Being there and wanting to have something to write about I ordered the Chai tea. It was very yummy. Sweet, spicy, and milky. It was a bit pricey for me, 3.50 for 12 ozs of tea, yikes, but I am not a coffee house Starbucks kinda dude. Way to foofoo for me. Now the place itself is kinda funky. The front door is hard to find so feel free to use the slider off the first parking lot. You follow the sign up the flagstone path and you will see it. The patio looked killer. They may share it, and of course being summer, and seeing how I arrived at 1000 am it was not being used. I would love to check it out in fall though. Its a kinda funky, off the path place. If the coffee is good I can see aficionados heading there for a quiet cup of joe, conversation and hanging out.
4	This is a great funky hold-in-the-wall cafe. It is a little hard to find, but worth the journey. I had a yummy tea, and my friend had a tea with granola. I have to take away one star because both of our tea cups somehow leaked. Weird, huh? Anyway, I very much look forward to giving this place another chance.
5	We were up in Cave Creek on a wet, soggy day with plenty of time on our hands between our daughter's chess matches.  We hit the Yelp app looking for a coffee place close by that served breakfast.  When we first walked in, I was ready to leave since all I saw were pastries (although good looking ones) on glass stands, and I had an abandoned cup of (albeit crap) black coffee in the car.I was squinting to look at a printed breakfast menu encased in a photo holder, when one of the baristas quickly handed me a printed menu.  Belgian waffle, oatmeal, yogurt parfait, french bread with an egg. . . nothing was really catching my eye. I had the feeling these items were a second thought to coffee because they needed to get people in with another option.  We thought about leaving (shame on us) and decided to just get the kids a couple of yogurt parfaits to tide them over until after the next match.That's when my feelings started to change.  After being handed my latte, the barista asked, "How is it?"  Sincerely.  Like he actually wanted to know.  Well, it was great.  It was the best coffee I've had in a long damn time. They walked out the hot chocolates to the kids, even though we were almost close enough to hand them to.  It's not often servers treat kids like customers.  As we sat, I checked out the woman at the next table eating the oatmeal.  It had a crunchy brulee top with fresh fruit and looked nothing short of divine (well, as close as oatmeal can get). She was friendly, and told me it was as good as it looked.  Next, someone came out of the kitchen and told us they only had enough yogurt for one parfait, what else could they get us? Waffle? Granola? Egg? No big deal, just polite, what can we do attitude.  Kids voted waffle with whip cream of course.  Belgian waffle came out perfectly cooked - brown, slightly crispy, still soft in the inside with a cloud of fresh cream on it.  Next, the parfait - plenty of granola, tart yogurt, ripe strawberries and blueberries abound. Delicious.My opinion now. . . breakfast might have been a second thought, but it's not treated like one.  Everything we saw was pretty, tasted great, and had fresh ingredients.  And the coffee. . . well I was just jonesing for one on another wet, soggy morning.  We'll definitely make a trip back to Cave Creek to visit this little hideaway.Oh - and those pastries?  All Tammy Coe if you're a fan.
5	We go out for breakfast only occasionally, so it's kind of a big deal to get some good food. Today, we decided to forego the usual haunts and try Firecreek Coffee. I was worried we'd be disappointed. That we'd end up choking down stale toast prepared by a teenager with an attitude.My worries were completely unfounded, though. The short, but thoughtful menu of breakfast food is bolstered by a nice array if muffins and pastries on display. I chose to try the poached egg with country toasted bread, strawberry jam, butter, fresh berries and a wedge of brie drizzled with honey. My husband had granola with steamed milk (yum), and we shared a huge bran muffin studded with berries. I also indulged in a cup of cappuccino that puts Starbucks' offering to shame.All the food was fresh and presented in a very appealing manner. I couldn't believe how inexpensive it was, either. Our bill was only around $22, and that included a bag of coffee beans to take home! The inside of the shop has a comfy sofa and plenty of bistro tables. The patio is a lovely and quiet place to read the paper while sipping coffee. The staff were friendly, polite and made amazingly good food and beverages for us.This was my favorite breakfast I've had in the valley since I moved here four years ago. It was just so unexpected and so charming. We will be going back again very soon!
5	The coffee shop is in a very cool building with comfortable outdoor seating in a beautiful courtyard, surrounded by mature desert plants.The food is Fantastic!!! Try the Brulee Oatmeal and be prepared to have the best oatmeal you have ever had. Very unique preparation and very tasty!You have to look very carefully to find this coffee shop. It is at the back of a small building directly across the street from a rust color 2 story building near the town Dairy Queen.
3	What can I say, great coffee! I have to be gluten free so I couldn't have the heavenly belgian waffle that everyone is talking about. My wife did and said it truly is heavenly (making sure to rub it in that I couldn't eat it - Grrr!). It was a little frustrating to only really have one thing on their menu that I could order to eat and when it came, I was able to eat it in like 4 bites. It's ok though, I enjoy the place, the atmosphere and next time, I'll come JUST for the coffee cuz ... well... that was great!
4	Firecreek Coffee is a great coffee house with amazing coffee that rivals that atmosphere.  They have an assortment of loose teas they prepare and a nice (but small) breakfast menu.
4	Great coffee, nice breakfast - old music.  Worth a stop, a cup and quick bite.
5	Hidden gem, seriously.  Firecreek has been populated around the greater PHX area for a bit now, but I have to say, sadly, they've done them little justice.  Today we made the trip for two reasons: 1) our own curiosity, 2) a local shop who uses Firecreek asked us to check them out personally (they're not really coffee people).  We made the drive from downtown PHX, quite a trip, but certainly worthwhile.  San Francisco roaster in the back, in clear view through the main room window.  Bags of green beans.  Penny farthing (+1) hanging in the roast room.  Great feel in the rooms.  Outdoor seating galore, in the shade or not.The four people working there today were fantastic and friendly.  John was our main engaged person, of who was a joy to deal with.  We started with two pourovers.  Those who know me know I am always skeptical of a pourover at a new place.  I'm very picky when it comes to this brew style, so rightfully so, I am worried when first trying out a place.  Watching John do his magic was also a little worrisome.  It takes a lot out of this style coffee to please me, so seeing his method + being my first experience with in-house FC...I wasn't expecting much  Boy was I wrong.This cup trumped the vast majority of PO's that I've savored.  Phoenix's scene for good coffee isn't huge, and excellent & exciting - Eek!  Full of flavor, body and greatness.  Next up was a shot each.  He warned us the beans were a bit fresh due to their high level of traffic of late.  The shots were pulled consistent and appealing.  Taste was full, citron-esque and a tad caramel-syrup-like; no complaints at all.  Lastly, we partook of a cappuccino.  This was my only complaint of our visit (other than the fact that the shop is a good 30 miles from my house).  I went for my initial taste, of which it scalded me (I wasn't the only one) - it was a bit too hot, and remained so.  I looked beyond this, though it was important to me.  Espresso came through in nose and taste though, so this was good, though the drink was a bit wet (but there was definitive froth).  Four hours later: my tongue still complains.I can't knock them for the one issue I saw though, in all honesty; I was too thoroughly impressed otherwise.  One thing that slightly bothered me, and would make me feel more at home here: we came and explained we'd be here a while, ordering 3+ drinks each, tasting, testing, enjoying.  The only drink of three to be made into a non-paper cup was the shots.  If I'm staying and savoring, it's not only a waste, but makes me feel like less of a person that belongs / should stay.  Lastly, give spoons to espresso folks (possibly even small glasses of water or seltzer).I didn't enjoy a cuppa here, as I'm even more snobby about my tea and afraid therefore.  The selection was decent, though both blacks were Earl Grey (ehhhhh), and while I could define the teas, "citron blend" means little.  Dragonwell (longjing) - green: faint sweetness and citron - use something like that!  Food looked excellent and delicious, though we didn't enjoy anything but coffee drinks.A- though.  I'll return, despite the distance.
4	Not dissimilar from Janey's, Firecreek Coffee Company is exactly what a coffee house should be.  With Firecreek, after speaking with the roaster, you can tell their serious about their beans.  Not only is the coffee solid, but they have a great variety of loose leaf teas; my favorite was their mint tea.The inside was clean and simple.  It's great to sit inside because there's a lot of natural light pouring in. Sitting outside is nice too.  I think this is one of the perks of going to restaurants and coffee shops in Cave Creek/Carefree; you get away from the artificial "Pleasantville" feel of most of the prettyfied places of the PHX metro area.  Places like Arcadia Farms in Scottsdale and Nobuo downtown are some exceptions.Their baked goods here are delightful and fresh.  The breakfast burrito is pretty good also.  What's nice is the chef really wants to make the customer happy and is willing to change things up for you.  Not that you want to be the pain who asks for a gizillion substitutions, but it's nice to know if you have a friend who's a vegetarian, the chef is flexible.The staff are down-to-earth and kind hearted people.
4	So So Yummy. If you're ever in Scottsdale I recommend you stop by and try the breakfast burrito. One of the best I ever had. The restaurant is small and table space is limited but there's plenty of outdoor seating if you're willing to brave the AZ heat. I am not in the slightest. But the service was good, the food fun and i'll probably go there for breakfast or lunch next time I'm in Scottsdale. Well done
5	We came here today while visiting from out of town to see what Cave Creek had to offer on a Sunday morning.  Boy, am I ever glad we did!  The coffee was quite good.  I had a cup of their Mexican drip, and my wife had the latte.  Both were excellent.  Lattes are easy to sell, but difficult to really pull off well.  This place does both.  What really stood out to me (and much to my surprise), however,  was how absolutely excellent the breakfast burrito was.I've had my fair share of burritos - breakfast, lunch, and dinner - and this one will go down in the Top 3 all time and definitely #1 in the breakfast category.  While it's not a massive brick like at some chain burrito joints, the ingredients (3 cheeses, sausage, pico de gallo, and a delicious green onion garnish) are top notch, the assembly was perfect, and presentation was exactly what I was hoping for.  The salsa with corn kernels and a few scant beans was really nice, and definitely not like anything I'd had out of a jar before.  When split between my wife and I, the burrito and our coffees left us feeling satisfied without being disgustingly over-full.  The staff here were all exceedingly friendly, accomodating, and made us feel like we were already regulars.  Extra kudos go out to the girls at the counter who put up with my odd requests for items (flourescent orange straw, empty cup, etc.) to keep our 1-year-old son occupied and happy.  We'll definitely be back, be it later this week, or on our next visit to the Valley of the Sun.  I'd love to try some other offerings from their food and drink menu, as well as take in the atmosphere on the patio.Top notch, all the way!
4	Fresh roasted beans here, good drip coffee options too.  Somewhat trendy building but yet rustic enough to nicely fit into Cave Creek.  Polite staff.  Small seating area.  Espresso is alright, so I recommend sticking with coffee.  Going back soon for fresh beans.
4	Very good breakfast place. Food is very clean and the staff very helpful. My mom is gluten free, and they went out of their way to use new cookware/cutting boards/etc. to ensure a gluten free meal. Coffee is good. Not artisan level, but the best I've had in this area for a local coffee shop. We'll be back. I'd give it 5 stars if the coffee was blue bottle quality, but that's really hard to find out this way. Beautiful patio. Highly recommended!
5	This is a great coffee shop. Love the patio. So beautiful in cave creek sitting under the trees. This coffee is one of the best I have tried. The beans are amazing. Food is great. And they always have super yummy treats here too. Staff is always friendly. I try to come here as much as I can. Love love it! :)
