5	When my wife and I moved to the Charlotte area, one of our biggest "to do's" was finding a doggie daycare. We both work more hours than our dog's bladder can last, an expensive lesson to learn. (I suppose my next review should be the carpet cleaning service!)We drove to a couple of places in the area and toured their facilities, not finding any that we liked. But when we stopped here, we knew that Baby had a home away from home. The dogs are NOT caged all day. Instead, they run and play in a huge converted warehouse (and an outdoor area when the weather's good) with special rubberized flooring, carefully monitored by the staff. They were very adamant about inspecting our dog's veterinary records to ensure that she is current on her shots. They also had her stay one day for a free trial visit to make sure that she was a "social" dog and wouldn't fight with the others.These are true "dog people" who clearly love dogs themselves. This is no more clear than when we go to pick her up at the end of the day. We're not Mr. or Mrs. K; we're "Baby K's Dad or Mom".They offer a couple of different pricing programs - pay by the day, week or month. With the monthly program, it works out way cheaper. There are also overnight services offered in case you need to go out of town. All of it is clearly outlined on their web page.Worried about how your dog is doing? Tune in on the various web cameras and watch! The dogs are easy - most of them just sit there. It's the people walking by that are the blur!We really hit it off with the owners, to the point that when we were away for a few days, we gave them a key and asked them to stop by our home to check on our cat family as well. Check them out. Five stars. If there was a sixth star, they would be deserving of it!
5	Clean, great staff and Sunday hours!!! Only con is that is is a little expensive for long trips.
5	I have been taking my German Shepherd to CDP for almost 7 years.  Words can not express how wonderful the staff is here.  The prices are reasonable and I have complete trust in the them when it comes to taking care of my baby girl.  I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	My wife and I don't have kids -- well, not human ones, anyway. But we have been blessed with 2 precious pooches -- the late, great Boom Boom, a hefty English bulldog; and Billie, a bouncy Cavalier King Charles. Both came from award-winning breeders, and Billie is enjoying same pampered life that our McDouble-loving bulldog did during her 12 years, 5 months and 3 days with us.Nothing but the best -- be it their cuisine or their sleeping arrangements. Which brings me to Carolina Doggie Playland. A neighbor recommended Christy & Co. to us when we moved to Charlotte from Atlanta 4 years ago, and are we ever glad for that. I knew, within 5 minutes of my first visit to the brick building at 3111 South Tryon Street, that Playland was the place -- the only place -- for our girls. Between holiday trips, vacations and daycare, Boom Boom, then Billie have probably spent 30 overnights and another 25 days there. Neither has ever come home with as much as a dirty paw, let alone the fleas and flus I've heard horror stories about with other places. Billie, who'll turn 9 months old next week, looks forward to her visits even more than she does her favorite brand of bone. (Another perk: in between picking her up around 6 p.m. and driving her the 3 miles it takes to get home, Billie -- pooped from playing all day with other dogs her size -- falls into a deep slumber, making for a peaceful rest of the night).I'm a worrywart by nature but I never, ever stress about out pet's stay at Playland. Christy ensures as much by e-mailing me cute "pupdates" -- ones I didn't even ask for -- anytime we're out of town for a night. She's not just a dog lover but a dog owner -- and it really shows.I've never reviewed a restaurant, a hotel, a movie theater, anything. Never really felt compelled to ... until having great experience after great experience with CDP. If you need further convincing from someone who's nothing more than a very satisfied customer, feel free to look me up on Facebook or LinkedIn and just ask.Jeff D'Alessio
5	If you love your dog and want them to be treated better than home - bring them to Carolina Doggie Playland.  They are true dog people and want everyone to be happy!
5	Five years later and the experience at Carolina Doggie Playland is just as good as it was before. When I called to make an appointment to bring our two girls in to stay a few nights, they knew exactly who I was, who they were and were ready to go. I barely even gave her my name and she knew about these two dogs and their history. How cool is that?Picking the dogs up at the end of their stay was just as easy.  The dogs were EXHAUSTED after spending the day running and playing with other dogs.We remain extremely pleased with Carolina Doggie Playland and will continue to use them when our canines can't be here in our home.
5	These girls are the best!  Almost every time I drop off or pickup my dogs the girls tell me how much they love them.  My dogs come home exhausted which is great for me!
