5	I work in Oakland, so this is my home away from home in the morning! I love this particular Crazy Mocha for so many reasons: the location, the morning barista, and let's not forget the coffee and tea! I also love that they have partnered with LoyalTree, a rewards program for those with smartphones. The only drink I've had that I didn't like was the chai latte. It tasted like how a spiced candle smells! Other than that, every latte I've had has been excellent! With very little seating, this location can get a little crazy in the afternoon, but it's always quiet and cozy in the morning.
5	I work two blocks away and visit this shop a few times a week. Although two other coffee shops are closer to my office, I always find myself at Crazy Mocha. The morning barista is truly an expert. I usually get a mocha and it is always made perfect. If you are visiting Oakland for school or one of the hospitals, walk right past the other coffee shops. This is the best coffee in Oakland.
3	A small and cozy coffee shop. The service is quick, and the shop (including the milk/sugar counter) is clean.
4	While not my favorite coffee shop, this is a small intimate branch right off the craziness of Forbes in Oakland. There are not many places to sit and do work here- so if you want that you should stop in at other coffee shops or restaurants down the road (I.e., Panera, Caribou coffee, Dunkin Donuts, etc). However, their service was good and the quality of the coffee is always above par. If I'm walking around in the area I would definitely stop in again.
3	I think I was overreaching a bit with a 4 star review here. In fact, I prefer the coffee at a few other coffee shops on forbes than the coffee here : /
4	Very good coffee, loved the cozy atmosphere! Pretty reasonable prices and friendly staff.
4	Ambiance: plenty of seating & cozy.. was not crowded the 2 times I wentService: Barista is a sweet, polite young ladyCoffee: chai latte is DELICIOUS-- perfectly sweet... esp good with the white chocolate gingerbread biscotti.. gingerbread latte isn't as great
