4	Talley's is not only one of our neighborhood pubs, it has strangely good bar food.  There is a brand new juke box.  The entire place has been referbished in the last year or so.  They have TV's behind the bar, that super popular golf video game, and a pool table.  It's just the perfect little neighborhood bar.  The owner, CJ is a super nice guy who happens to be a good bartender.  All in all a great place to cab home from.
4	In all fairness I live a block away, and that convenience does cloud my judgement.  However, C.J. (the owner) is a true gentleman, the food is pretty decent, the drinks are very cheaply priced (kiltlifter is always 3.25 a pint, a Jim Beam Manhattan is 4.00) and the regulars are a bunch of characters.  They strongly encourage regulars too, it is really a family place.
3	What counts as a "pub"? This is just a small dive bar.Staff was friendly. They don't kick people out right away after 2. You can stick around here. I went to ask for a menu just to see what they offer here. I just wanted a paper take-away menu but she was going to hand me an official menu. Would she have served me food after 2am?! There's just no way...The pool table is tiny. It's the smallest table I've seen.The food is not pub food. At least, not any pub food I've ever seen. Most everything is $6 or under. The Friday Fish Fry is $6.50. Saturday Night New York Steak is $10.25.Tip: Park in the rear. Use the back door.
4	I love CJ Talley's!  For the cheap drinks, friendly staff, decent food, local crowd, stellar juke box and for a small dive-ish bar, it's clean and well taken care of.CJ is a great owner who actually mingles with his patrons.  He's a younger duder who loves what he does.The tacos and chili dogs are very good.  Yes, I said chili dogs.When you get sick of paying the Vig Uptown's prices, come across the street and you'll be pleasantly surprised.
5	I have a store around the corner from CJ's , Poor Little Rich Girl. CJ's has become our favorite lunch spot. The bar food is fabulous and it is so reasonable! There is a sort of Cheers atmosphere in that if you have been in a couple of times you are likely to recognize people the third or fourth time in and feel right at home. It is a laid-back, neghborhood bar and is very popular in the hood! Cheer's, CJ - to a wonderful place have a Tuesday afternoon Jack and Diet Coke!
5	Great pricing on quality food and drinks. You can find beef jerky and salsa company owners to commercial real estate persons. Also a patio is coming in the future to help out the smoker/drinkers. Great neighborhood Pub with terrific staff and very genuine customers. They even won trophies in Chili Cook Offs with the Phoenix Fire Departments in the last couple years.
4	I like CJ's. The booze is cheap, the patrons are friendly, the bartenders don't act like they're doing you a favor selling you a drink. If you're hungry there is a kitchen with cheap and better than average eats. Check it out.
3	One of the best places in The Valley to drink cheap and they serve pretty tasty bar food. The service is always attentive and friendly. This is definitely a local's hangout. and not a bad place at all to hang, but I personally have never (or ever will) make a conscious effort to come here. I usually wind up here because someone I'm with wants to come here so it's usually a stopover point while bar hopping. While I love me a cheap, stiff drink I usually find myself wanting to move on before long.
4	When someone says neighborhood pub, I immediately think of Talley's.  Definitively a step up from other dive bars in the hood, more friendly than the fancier joints, much better than average bar food (good specials) and an owner who not only is a good bartender, but a good guy.You'll generally see the same regular crowd who knows where to find a well priced and well poured adult beverage.I never leave CJ's without a smile on my face.
5	I highly recommend CJ"s . I have been searching for good grilled wings after the Old Dirty Drummer on 51 and Shea went south. Finally found them here. CJ said they will grill them so I tried the medium ones. WOW 12 for $6 and change- big, joicie and wonderful. I sure will be back very soon. Oh great burgers and Martinis as well. Good job CJ !
4	I have gone in there a few times and had excellent service.  This was at night time during the week, so there weren't that many people in the bar.  I went in with some friends to get food and there was only one bartender.  The whole place was packed and the bartender was the only one working.  I think they need to staff a little bit better because we knew she was only going to give us our pitcher and not return to take our order.  It was not really her fault considering she was the only one working the whole place.  If they had more staff during peak hours, this place would not lose customers who may just need to eat while starting to drink.
3	It's a local bar.Fun.Non pretentious.Good times.
2	Weird place. Definitely a dive bar. Certainly dive bar customers and decor. The place is tiny with about 50% of the real estate taken over by a pool table. Why is it so bright!? If you are gonna be a dive bar turn them things down!With the Swizzle Inn (one of the best dive bars ever) across the street I won't be back.
4	Awesome priced food and drinks ... Love it!!!  Best fish and chips ever! But they only serve the fish and chips on Fridays. Chicken tenders and the chicken sandwich are awesome too :) It has become my fave dive bar to go to with friends or even alone
4	We were going to Dicks Hideaway but it was so busy we kept walking and smelled the burgers cookin at CJ's. They have Fat Tire on tap and they make the perfect Crown and Coke. We ordered burgers and it is so simple... what kind of cheeze? and how do you like it cooked? That is what a good burger should be, simple, superbly done and juicy. The onion rings are crispy and the fried mushroom batter is heavenly. If you do the simple things right you have gold and CJ's is golden.
4	CJ's is a pretty basic bar with great drink specials and decent food.  The bartenders are very cool people and attentive to needs of patrons, even late in the evening during the busy times.  They have a few games to play as well which is always fun!  A recommended stop, for sure!
5	The best kept secret of the Bethany home 16 th St intersection. The food is always quality and super inexpensive, the drinks are stiff and well made. The atmosphere could be spruced up but then it wouldn't be cjs anymore. I go often and regularly. The crowd changes at around 9pm and gets younger and more interesting. Worth a visit.
5	Great atmosphere, friendly staff...overall fun local bar!  Great food with great specials.  I will continue to come to this place again and again.  Love it!!!
5	I love Talleys. This is what a neighborhood pub should be like. Good food, great drinks and very reasonable prices. Go see Emily on Saturday or Sunday mornings for an outstanding breakfast.
5	Cj's is quite the hidden gem! I came to visit my dad from out of town and he took me to this local spot to grab a drink and a bite to eat. The food was delish and the drinks were stiff! We had a great time chatting with the bartender who was very friendly and made me feel like I was back home at my local dive bar. If you're looking for a good burger and a beer, Cj's is your spot!
3	We can debate the "Dive-bar" Vs. "Pub" on this one, but if your looking for quick bar food and good prices on drinks then this neighborhood bar is it. It's friendly, fun, and a good place to stop of and hang out for a bit on a hot summers day.Worth a stop if your in the area.
5	Great local bar, friendly staff. Awesome specials and cool atmosphere. I definitely will return to this watering hole. Cheap drinks!!!! First time there left a positive impression. Attracts a diverse crowd.
4	The type of dive bar that existed before your favorite little microwinery. If you like places like these, we'd probably be good friends. There's a couple dozen different dinner options for $6-7 bucks each, and while the beef may not be grass-fed or the presentation remotely nice, it's good hangover protection. You can even make half orders of any appetizer for $3.25 if you're watching your portions. Nifty, right? Restaurants are never that flexible and inexpensive. The draft beers are scarce, but at least they had Sierra Nevada Torpedo, one of my faves. I'll come back when I'm not trying to get some Untappd badges. tl;dr It's simple. It's a dive. It's good. Go.
4	I frequent this place often. The staff is friendly, and the drinks are cheap. In fact, I often tell people that I feel like I leave with more money than I came in with! And it truly is a place where they remember your name.It isn't much too look at inside, and that's why only the four stars. It does however, have a pool table, dart board, Silver Strike, and a bar top touch screen game. They also serve food, and have daily specials when it comes to that, but I haven't tried anything. I mainly go for the drinks and friendly neighborhood atmosphere.
