5	SOOOO good.the pizza here is excellent.Their lunch special is amazing...two huge slices and a coke for $3.It's a small place, so it may be a little hard to find...but it's a local gem!
5	This place has had a couple incarnations, but the food's stayed the same - totally awesome and a great value.Now, I've grown up in Vegas so I'm not all that educated on awesome pizza, but this place has some good pizza.  And the special?  Two GIANT slices and a soda for $3?  Seriously?  That's awesome!  When I first started going here in 1993 (oh, God has it REALLY been that long?) I think the special was $2.50, so accounting for inflation I think it's actually gotten cheaper.It's just a good little downtown pizza joint and is so different than the million Huts and Domino's and Papa's and other crap in town.  It's greasy and good, period.Oh, and in high school my friend Tami pierced her nose in the bathroom.  So it has a leftover 14 year old bad ass, punk rock aura to bask in.
5	This place reminds me of the small old school pizza shops in New York or Philly.  It's simple and good.  My favorite are the monster calzones with lots of bubbly fleshy dough.  On the east side of Fremont Street just past the Irish pub with the giant beer mug, this joint makes a perfect quick stop for a bite before you head back to the casinos.
4	I accidently stumbled upon this place while searching for food on Fremont street. It was pure luck! We were hungry, we were like..oh let's just check out this pizza place.Off the first bat, there weren't that many people and the few that was there were just sitting waiting for their food. Their menu is good. LOTS of choices. I got the Chicken Parmigiana sandwhich and my cousin got the Philly Cheesesteak. This place looks like old school NY pizza place or something. It's pretty low key and yet genuine and authentic.The service is good. I'm not sure if he was the owner but he was super friendly, talkative, laid back, and easy going. Loved it! Food was really good too! So large in portions!It took a while to get the food but it was worth the wait! By the time we got our food, the whole place was filled with people ordering pizza. The only improvement I see, is to tidy up the place. Either than that, great place to try out!!
4	Nice thin crusts
3	Maybe the Best Pizza in Vegas
5	I am sitting in the Downtown Cocktail Room listening to some flithy paralegal skank trying to impress the pants off some married hot stud young attorney  ---that has nothing to do with the story but I threw it in because the Cocktail Room is fairly upscale and it sits among tattoo parlors and pawn shops.  I've eaten at the Middle Eastern take out next to Uncle Joe's and it's great but the bartender intervened and told about the pasta.The lasagna with meatball and sausage (around the corner) at this divey hole in the wall is beyond description.  You must go here.
4	Loved the pizza.  Everyone should stop by when on visiting downtown area.  Crunchy crust, good sauce and cheese, good value too.
5	This is exactly what I want out of a pizza joint! It was small, clean, right by our hotel downtown, and really Italian.  We quickly decided what we wanted (two slices of double cheese and a pop for me, two slice of black olive and  a pop for the BF) and the cost? $12.06 including tax. I was already tickled, and then the owner stated he wishes all customers were like us in a beautiful Italian accent. All flattery aside, the pizza was tremendous.Love Love Love this place! My only regret is that we didn't eat here until our last day in Vegas.
1	Perhaps the worst food experience I've ever had.Uncle Joe's is a little divey place a block or two from the Freemont Street Experience.  It's decent pizza and quite cheap, especially for Vegas.The positives end there.  I shared a small pepperoni with my wife and it ruined our 4 day weekend in Vegas.  A few hours later, I was as sick as I've ever been.  I literally managed to keep nothing but water down my entire vacation, and basically lacked the energy to leave the room.A week later, I was still feeling a little queasy.  I've got a pretty strong stomach, but whatever was in this pizza floored me.I'm suspecting that it may be their pepperoni supplier, because I heard of several other people getting sick in Vegas from pepperoni pizza from different places.This pizza tastes very good, but I will forever steer clear.
4	Sure , go ahead and take the plunge into this dive near the corner of Fremont and Las Vegas Blvd. The pizza is more New York style, good/solid, above average for sure. Pleanty of people realy love their pizza. Their 2 slice special is a killer deal at 4 bucks with a soda. Here's what blew me a way though...an earlier yelper had mentioned the lasagna. Hmmm...I had never even considered ordering anything other than pizza here. We all know lasagna in a restaurant can be VERY hit and miss. The lasagna here rocks! 3 square slabs were heaved into my round to go tin, it weighed a ton, can easily feed 2, a little not so great garlic bread, strap on a very well seasoned sausage, plenty of cheese, and sauce...BAM $7.25.  Sure the place is kind of dingy inside, not filthy, not spotless. If good and cheap, or delivery/to go is your thing, this is the place. Service has always been friendly every time I have been there. It took a San Diego yelper, via a Downtown Cocktail Room mixologist, to turn this local yelper onto the lasagna here. What a world.
5	THE BEST PIZZA JOINT I've ever been. This place blows everybody else away. Better than any other pizza place I've been and I had many and live in L.A. The cheese is great. Recomend highly! If you are near Fremont St. (The Old Strip) drop by.
4	Fresh dough pizza. I can tell not even by the taste, but by the residue on my fingers, and lips. Owners say they do make their own dough and own sauce. Gotta say, this is one good cheese pizza I've ever had, so I'm rating them on the one slice, even very much worth my $2. This place is located in the heart of downtown, so nothin' like a good pizza shop with tables that have engraved tagging on it.  Locals know this place is a shiny rock in the rough. Great hospitality. Glad I didn't pass this up. They have good deals on wings, so next time I'm downtown, I'll be back.
5	We were just walking downtown til we walk passed this and discussed if we should have it, a guy walked out and overheard us and said it's the best pizza in town, guaranteed. So I told him I'd take his word for it and walked in.It was a little empty with Italians yappin away while eating some pizza inside but I didnt mind, it kinda gave it 'home' feel.  My mind was already set on that 2 slices of cheese pizza for $4 bucks deal.  We got the two slices right away on some paper plates, but I didn't really care about presentation.  The slices are wide and thin, and just melted in my mouth!  The dough was nice and fresh with no air bubbles, a perfect cheese pizza if you will.I'm glad that guy spoke about this place so highly.  Uncle Joes is that comfort food type of pizzeria.  Along with all the other restaurants that are in downtown LV.  I can't wait to try the other items on the menu.UPDATE: Me and my gf just shared the 20 wings for $10.99.  These are the smallest wings I've ever had! =( good thing we still ordered two cheese pizza slices.
3	Let me just start out by saying that this place is closed on Mondays. Closed on Mondays.  Oh, and did I mention, it's closed on Mondays.  Just a little shocked and appalled that this was not mentioned in 18 different reviews and a little bitter that I hoofed it down here on Monday, only to be denied.Anyway, after my usual office food truck (Curbside) threw in the towel because of the rain (who can blame him really... even Slider Truck refused to come out today), I took the opportunity to finally try this restaurant out on a Wednesday at lunch.  I tried the cheese pizza (which is now $5 for 2 slices and a soda) and I just wasn't digging it.  To like this pizza, you have to really like crispy crust pizza.  Like saltine cracker crispy.  If you do, then this is the place for you.  But I'm more of a thin, soft crust gal so it just wasn't working for me.  Plus, the cheese and sauce are not particularly flavorful.  Pizza is such a personal thing, like BBQ.But this place get stars for atmosphere.  The owner was having a good old time screaming at people, hopefully his children, about various financial matters which was entertaining to say the least.  If you aren't up for this type of authentic Italian atmosphere, then this probably isn't the place for you.  The owner is super nice and friendly, just a little feisty.  It gives me hope for the world and this restaurant.  Because almost everyone recommended the pizza, I had to try it first.  I will definitely be back for more fun and will try some of the pastas or sandwiches and re-review.  And yes, it is CASH ONLY as indicated in the business info above.  And the ATM next door at the Griffin trick only works after 6pm when the Griffin is open so come prepared.
3	Decent pizza place for Vegas, I enjoyed...
5	I love family owned places like this. Okay, So I'm not really crazy about pizza. If I do eat it, I prefer it to be a day old at room temp. We came across Uncle Joes while we were waiting for a band. Right outside of it all these people gave it a whole bunch of street cred. That was enough for me to try it. They had this deal 2 cheese pizzas for 4 dollars. I usually don't like cheese pizza, but this was something I gave my heart to. It wasn't even about the cheese, but the simple great taste and texture of the dough.I came here a second time and tried their wings with a Faygo root beer. The wings were good to me. I just like how everything is classic. Nothing over the top. If anyone knows about taste and quality.. It's Uncle Joe. It sure is in the heart of Freemont street. I usually park at the El Cortez self-parking. It's free and plenty of space.
5	Small location, BUT AMAZING PIZZA!
4	I'm a fan! We've ordered a full pizza and have also gotten their special $4 for two cheese slices.  They charge .50 for each topping added to your cheese slices but their slices are HUGE.  We are talking big slices that you have to fold in half to eat!What I actually love about their pizza is the crust...I am not a fan of any crust but their thin crust was perfect! The edges were also nice and crispy.They also have other things on their menu like lasagna and pasta and wings but we haven't gotten that far yet...They are packed on the weekends so expect a bit of a wait and they are closed on Mondays, but other than that, their pizza's are great for our hood!Oh- and it's CASH only...
4	For a kind of "hole in the wall" place, its one of the best of its kind. Its definitely cleam (enough) and you feel comfortable eating here. Its a perfect spot for a date, as you can get 2 laaaarge pizza slices and soda for 5 bucks, while enjoying the sights and sounds of downtown Las Vegas.If you enjoy exploring downtown, and are a person that appreciates local eats and very INEXPENSIVE (yet tasty) homeade pizza, fries, and garlic bread, get yourself over to Uncle Joe's.
4	Dont be afraid.  The old shop front and interior isn't a bad thing in their case.  They make some great pizza here, and it's cheap.  Not only are the slices big, they are crispy in the right way, and 2 for $4 bucks is pretty sweet.I like their slices.  If you're downtown on Fremont, check them out.  They even deliver in the area, so call from your hotel room!
4	Prices are good, pizza is good, sauce was a bit sweet for my taste but the crust was great, not doughy, high grade cheese...As close as you're going to get to authentic Italian pizza in Las Vegas.  Great customer service, fast, accurate and friendly.  Location is so-so but that goes for most of downtown.  You can park right in front of the place (10 minute parking) or a couple blocks away (parking meters) and walk.  Homeless people may ask you for a slice of pizza on your way back to your car if you choose to walk so if you're not in the giving mood or don't have a sense of humor then you should probably park directly in front just in case.
5	For less than 5 bucks it's definitely as good as it gets. In my opinion I'd skip the pizza, but their burgers and sandwiches sure are tasty and hit the spot.I just wish there was one in San Francisco.
5	of all the pizza joints i've tried in vegas this has to be hands down the best and closest to new york style pizza that you're going to get...even just ordering the classic cheese pizza slices are so tasty you don't need toppings unless you are a crushed red pepper person like myself...you can get 2 slices for 4 bucks or a large 1 topping for 10...definitely pretty well priced as well...just wish it were a bit closer to where i live...not very convenient to where i live...but if you're in the fremont street area give this place a go...you won't be disappointed...even down to the kitschy decor like scarface and sopranos posters on the wall...
4	Ordered the special deal 40$ two pizzas, 1/2 bucket wings, 1/2 bucket chicken strips because my friends didn't like the crawfish we ordered. The delivery guy came to our hotel in Rio in 20 mins. Lightning quick service and delicious food! I thought the pizza was good, but I loved the wings and strips more!
1	I have a small art gallery at the Emergency Arts co-op down the street and was looking for a place to grab quick eats while setting up the gallery and installing our first show.  I love, love, love hole-in-the-wall pizza places, so we gave Uncle Joe's a whirl.  The 2 slices of cheese pizza and a drink for 4.00 is perfect to split with a friend and the price can't be beat.  We become instant fans and we came here a lot until......my husband came down with food poisoning from the cheese pizza one night.  We're a little scared to go back now.
5	Uncle Joe's Pizza is a local staple and located in the non-tourist area of Fremont Street. It is legit New York. Big floppy slices and real ingredients. They have a one-topping carryout special for $10 (cheaper for a small group than the 2 slices for $4 special for individuals). I get a plain cheese... and fold those puppies up. HOLD THE PHONE... they DELIVER TOO??? My fat-girl quest to wash myself with a rag on a stick might hit sooner knowing this tidbit of information.... Mmmmm! Lazy + delicious + cheap = extra chins
5	Delicious pizza, inexpensive, plus other good menu items. Friendly staff too. The kids and adults all loved it.
4	Our monthly bar hopping trips to Fremont is never complete without going to Uncle Joe's.  Greasy, cheesy and delicious, the pizza here is the perfect night cap, lol. Its definitely one of those hole in the wall places you hate to love.  The place itself is pretty hot and musty, especially in the summer months.  The ventilation must not be very good or something.  I can't complain too much because we really love the pizza here. Sauce is perfect and its so cheesy.  Perfect for when you might be slightly tipsy from bar hopping.  I've never tried anything else here, but other yelper's have good things to say about the lasagna so I'll keep that in mind for next time we come out here. If your with a group, it's probably cheaper to get a 9.99 pie (comes with 8 slices).  Otherwise, it's 2 for 4 bucks for cheese or pepperoni.
4	Very good pizza. Hot and fresh. Only negative is that it is hot inside the building. Could use some air conditioning. But the pizza and price is top notch. Family of 4 ate a large pepperoni and sausage pizza,  and drinks for about $20
3	I gotta say the pizza was pretty good... really greasy, the crust was just perfect and yummyThe wings were meh and took forever both times we ordered them. First time we waited about 25 mins for them to come out... when we went to ask they said 15 more seconds... which turned out to be 5 more mins... which i wouldn't mind... the ranch was kinda runny, and the fries soggy so minus a star for that.What I really really didnt like was the  cashier, he was very rude! Both times, he was short with all the clients walking in... I'm sure he is used to it getting busy since its located in down town but yelling at everyone that there is only cheese and pepperoni slices without waiting for them to even ORDER PIZZA kinda ticked me off... Another minus star for that.Overall if I'm in downtown I will definitely go back for the pizza!
4	My last visit to Las Vegas was 9/16-9/22/2011.  Stopped at this place one day on my way back from the El Cortez heading to Fremont.  Read the reviews so I thought I'd give it a try.  Ordered one slice of pepperoni pizza with a side salad for $6.00.  Didn't wait long for the food but when I took my first bite of the pizza, it was delicious!  I took my time and enjoyed the food since I was in no rush to meet anyone.  I would go back again.
3	Uncle Joe's is in the perfect location for the type of pizza they serve. Their location in the new pub and bar district of downtown lends itself well to an inexpensive, reasonably done pie. For me it's falls somewhere between Pizza Hut and Broadway Pizza, Broadway being one of favorites in Vegas. Two slices will run you $4 which is certainly more than fair. The slices are good sized and come with an amply amount of cheese. All in all, it's the perfect drunk food when you doing a pub crawl around Fremont Street and need something to soak up the alcohol. As pizza goes I would consider Uncle Joe's a mid-level pie, but I wouldn't hesitate to stop in at midnight for a couple slices.
3	Just updating my last review.  After drinking copious amounts of beer at the Las Vegas Shakedown, I was suddenly struck with the 1:30 AM hunger.  Kabob Korner was closed, so we stopped in a Uncle Joe's.  Ordered a HUGE single slice of cheese pizza for only $2.00.  I survived!
4	My husband & I just shared a small pepperoni...OMG, every bite had me mmhhmmm'ing. Best pizza ever, butter crispy crust, fresh mozzarella, and toasty pepperonis. DELICIOUS!!!
5	Stumbled on this place and the pizza is fantastic...a must if you're on Fremont St in Vegas
4	Awesome pizza. Terrible onion rings
4	Sometimes you come across somewhere special. Uncle Joe's is one of those places. It is not very big (only ten tables). The decor is not very impressive. But the combination of the people running the restaurant and the taste of the food makes it unforgettable. When you come in for the first time and get greeted by Joe, he makes you feel like family. Like you've been coming in regularity for a long time. Some times Joe's son is running the place and he is just as friendly. The kitchen is very small and you wonder how they can put out so much food in such a small space. There are seven tables for two persons and three tables for four persons. The walls have photos of the Rat Pack and others as well as a photo of Joe when he was a poker player.Uncle Joe's is known as a pizza place, but he has much more. He serves pasta, chicken and the best burgers and fries in the entire Las Vegas Valley. His spaghetti and lasagna are very tasty and filling. His pizza has a good crunch to the crust and a sauce with a lot of flavor. Not the best I have ever had, but very, very good. But what Uncle Joe's should be known for is his burgers and fries. The burger has a lot of flavor and is very juicy. The condiments are fresh and the bun it is placed on is lite and fluffy. The fries are nice and crisp and taste just like a fry should taste like. I ran into Uncle Joe's the other day just to get a burger. The price is so low for such high quality. I ordered a double cheese burger and the price was only $4.05 with taxes (prices subject to change). You can't get a burger that big for that price anywhere in Las Vegas.
4	Greasy, tasty New York-style pizza best when not entirely sober.
4	I was downtown by the El Cortz and needed something quick to eat.  I recalled seeing Uncle Joe's on Yelp and decided to make a stop before I hit up the Fremont area for a rugby event.I stepped inside and felt like I was transported back to one of the many old-school pizza places back home in Pittsburgh.  Yes, the place advertises Philly Cheesesteaks on the window, but is eastern PA really so different from west?If you're an east coaster, I think you'll know the place well: small interior, dimly lit, old school booths for seating, the overwhelming color palate from 1978, an ancient stove with a pot of sauce bubbling away, some sports game on a small TV, and a "hurry up and order" feeling you get from the guy behind the counter.  I honestly forgot for a minute that I was in Las Vegas.My husband and I got the 2 (huge) slices for $4 deal.  For a dollar more you can get a drink.  You cannot beat these prices, even Downtown.Taste-wise?  Ok, maybe not 4-star.  It's your typical thin-crust, greasy, east-coast-style pizza and nothing really jumps out to "wow."  But it's definitely solid pizza at a great price.  Go for the atmosphere and to fill up before a night of drinking in the Downtown area.
5	Great pizza. 2 slices for $4.50. Best food deal in all of downtown.
4	Best new york style pizza dt!
5	I'm not usually one for small restaurants, especially in unfamiliar areas, but I heard about Uncle Joe's pizza on a travel site and decided to try it. My family loved it. I had never been to down town before, and it was fairly easy to find. It was great food at a great price and I was disappointed when I returned to Vegas and could not make it back to downtown to eat here. I definitely recommend it!
4	Tried this place for lunch, on the recommendations of fellow yelpers....  I ordered the 2 slice with a drink for 4.50... You can tell this place will be good when entering... The 2 slices i got were the 2 best slices of Pizza i have had in Vegas... I have been looking for 5 yrs...  I highly recommend this place for great NY style Pizza... The steak hoagie looked pretty good as well...5/19/12I took a few friends to this shop for pizza before a 51s game...  Ordered large PEP and Shrooms, and a lg Cheese...  I have been here 3x now, and it still confirms in my opinion to be one of the best NY style pizza's in the valley... The consistency of the pie, makes this a great place... My friends also thought it was very very good... Thanks Uncle Joe for a great pizza...5/29/12I had lunch at Uncle Joes,, instead of getting the usual pizza I tried the steak sub... I am the type that doesnt like cheese on beef,, so i am not a fan of cheese burgers or cheese steaks,, Steak with LTM and Hots...  Well i have to say,,, This was really good.. The meat was good and good sized portion, the roll was fresh... I really enjoyed it,,, I usually get the fries,, fries are fries, but i did like the sandwich and will order it again and again...  This joint is quickly being my fav spot in DT... Cheap, fresh and good,, what else can one ask for....  Thanks for reading,, Try this joint if you are in the area....
4	$9.99 for a large one topping pizza. I will admit that I was in a state incapable of driving and needed some sustenance before continuing the fun at the Drink & Drag. When Katrina M. and I got back to her place and opened up the box, we were pleasantly surprised by the bountiful amount of topping on our pizza. For this inexpensive price, we were not expecting every inch of cheese to be matched by pineapple. When their other special costs $4.50 for two slices, why not just grab a friend and get a whole fresh baked pie to share? We ended up eating two slices a piece and were full. That left half a pie for another meal. Nowhere else on Fremont St. can compare.Uncle Joe's ovens are magic because they deliver a nice golden brown crust that is crisp without being burnt. The center of the pizza was cooked just as well and had an adequate amount of sauce to cheese to topping ratio.
4	I've eaten here on numerous occassions being downtown and I enjoy their pizza.... You get it by the slice, and 2 slices are enough for me along with a soda.... The pepperoni pizza has great flavor and the dough is cooked thoroughly with plenty of toppings with enough cheese to not feel like you've been give just pepperoni and crust.
4	Have to say, I had a moment of difficulty in reconciling the Yelp reviews with the look of the place, especially with the group of disreputable locals that happened to be congregating in front of the place, but the NY style thin crust pizza was very good.The real hit was the Philly cheesesteak.  Perfect amounts of meat, cheese, onions, etc..., but the bread was fucking amazing. Light, crispy crust, and almost melt in your mouth inside, perfectly toasted.Well done, guys.
3	A very untraditional cheesesteak which was saved by the exquisite amount of carmelized onions loaded on the sandwich. The bread is decent too, but needed more oven time. This is a 12 inch monster which is hurt by the use of shaved steak and the cheese part is mozzarella which isn't folded inside, but instead melted on top. If you happen to be an onion fan though, this philly (only 7 bucks) will hit the spot. Just dont expect ribeye and i would order to go in order to avoid all the losers and other vagrants who wander into the store, which was a bit unswept. Onion fans unite, real cheesestaek fans run away.
5	Wow! This place is freakin cheap!!! We were tired of going to expensive restaurants all the time and we wanted was some normal middle class food. I looked up this place in Yelp and the reviews were decent. Its a small mom and pop pizza joint. They take cash only.
2	Went here this afternoon based on Yelp reviews.Got the philly steak with everything.  Are you kidding me?It won't be in my dreams, and I won't be back.
4	Perfect late night food!!I am not going to try to tell you that this is authentic, or even better than just good, but it is pretty darn good.Uncle Joe's a "Pop in for a slice" kinda place by day and a "Pop in for a slice with all the other drunk hipsters" kinda place by night.Worth a shot... honestly, if you are standing in front of Uncle Joe's, you likely have a few drinks in you and shouldn't be driving or making complicated decisions. Go in a get a slice :)
4	Love the wings and fries! Sometimes it can get loud in there with all the drunks, but the service is always good!
5	I was waiting until I had Uncle Joe's sober before I wrote this review.  I finally did, and it was just as good as when I've had it drunk 100 times before.Cheese slices start at $2, and each topping is 25- or 50-cents.  The slices are huge, too, so it's quite a bargain.  I've taken a couple of friends here that ordered something other than pizza--don't do it!  First of all, it takes forever, and it just seems like a douchey thing to do when there's a line of customers a mile deep and all the cooks are churning out slices with different toppings.
1	By far the most greasiest pizza I've had in Vegas. Total disappointment.
4	This is not a review as such, hope to try this place on our next visit to Vegas, but a question.The opening hours on Yelp are listed as Mon-Sun 11:00 - 22:00. However, people have left reviews stating that they have visited after midnight, which is when I will probably be visiting. So, does anyone know the actual opening hours?Thanks
4	Great hole in the wall.  Pizza slice is ginormous, not dripping with fat & really cheap. 2 slices of cheese for $4.50. Also ordered lasagna with garlic bread for $5, it was their special for the day. The lasagna was ok, nothing special. But the garlic bread was good. We also ordered chicken fingers with fries. The fingers are big. Only drawback is that it's at a very ghetto area. Overall, good place for lunch if you work near Fremont and you need a quick lunch.
5	Way back in the day, before Downtown was hip and trendy, my almost-native (he's lived here 24 of his 39 years) husband insisted I had to try the pizza here. That was nine years and a bad run-on sentence ago and Joe's is still my favorite in the city.Things change, people move around, we left suburban Henderson to move Downtown. But Joe's continues to be our place.The pizza is greasy and hot and delicious, the way pizza should be. The meatball subs are huge and saucy. Be prepared to tuck a napkin into your shirt out down your sleeve, if you're eating the pizza. After reading the reviews, I now know to try the lasagne and the Philly next time we go. Thanks, Yelpers!But seriously, go eat at Joe's. You won't be sorry.
5	amazing food! the cheese pizza is perfect and their chicken fingers and fries are amazing! this is a weekly place for us
4	Feeling like pizza and being in the area of Uncle Joe's meant that something good was in store for dinner.We parked in a dirt lot on Ogden and 6th. It is free and plenty of other cars are parked there and I have seen security walk by it before. It isn't that far of a walk to Fremont St from here.Upon entering Uncle Joe's there was luckily one table left! They have a TV and some college game was on that people were going crazy over. We change up what we get each time. This trip we got a large pepperoni pizza and 2 fountain drinks. The total for that was $13.65! You can't beat it! The pizza was made fresh and brought to our table with plates, silverware and napkins. It was delicious as always. If you have any left overs they will give you to go boxes.The inside is very clean. The moment someone gets up from a table to leave there is someone wiping down the table. If you don't prefer fountain drinks they to offer sodas in a can. I saw Pepsi and Cherry Pepsi.If you like cheese steak sandwiches then you must try the one here. It is made fresh to order and is very good.
4	This is a great, little pizza joint on the main drag in E. Freemont. This is classic New York-style pizza, thin and delicious. We usually end up getting a whole pie and walking around with it on Freemont. I recommed taking it to go and walking around while eating, this is how it shoud be eaten. It's less than 14 bucks for a medium-ish sieze pizza. It is super good and not just for drunks, although since it's kind of greasy it helps soak up the alcohol!I only wish it were easier to get to, I only eat here when I'm haning out downtown. Maybe I should try taking it home one day to savor it while watching a movie.
5	Came here on NYE 2012 before heading to the Strip.  The staff were very friendly and welcoming, which was great.  We ordered pizza slices that were delicious.  And the crust was awesome, too.  Very tasty! Will definitely be back!
3	Good place to grab a quick lunch, weather you're looking for a slice of pizza, sandwich, or pasta.  Be sure to check out their daily specials!
5	The best ny style pizza I've had outside of ny! You think of pizza delivery and you think of cold over or under cooked pizza that's either too cheesy and greasy or just too crusty and doughy. The veggie pizza here was delicious and after two slices, all I wished for is that I had a larger stomach to fit in one more! The slices here are quite large btw!They chop their veggies finely - don't know why it's so hard for others to do this - so every bite is perfectly balanced. I really don't like large chunks of veggies thrown on top. It also was not cheese overload - they used it for flavor but I didn't find myself tearing off chunks if unnecessary cheese from any part! The pizza here was amazing! Amazing amazing! Highly recommend!
5	I love this place!
5	Really good crust, and they serve pizza by the slice.  I have been looking for a place that serves really good pizza.  So while walking around on freemont we found this place.  Great pizza, nice crunchy crust, I had a pretty big piece of hawaiian for 4.50, and my husband had two pieces of cheese pizza for only 4.00, and it was a half of pizza.  Very yummy good service, and a nice little pizza shop, we will be back.
5	Uncle Joe's pizza has just become my favorite place to get a New York Style of pizza (AKA Thin Crust) in LV. LOCATED in downtown LV in the newer portion of Fremont Street past the light show experience and across Insert Coins.  Their PIZZA has all the quality's of a thin crust that I love. First, they use just the right amounts of cheese. Let me explain what the right amount of cheese is to me. Other pizza joints will use too little, making the cheese blanket too thin which in turn will cause the tomato sauce to over power, or they will put too much turning the cheese almost to a glue like texture. Here, they use the perfect balance. Second, the crust. OMG the crust the crust. The crust here is light and crispy. If I had to describe it, I would say somewhat similar to a thick potato chip. But not to crispy where it's tough like cardboard either. In comparison to others, most other thin crust pizzas have very soft crust which makes it limp. Which is why you have to fold the pizza in half before you eat it. Now I know what your thinking, that's the way pizza is supposed to be and its nostalgic to eat it like that and so on...and your right but this crust is pretty good too. Last but not least, the pepperoni was crispy like bacon and had the right spice to my liking. The pizza has just the right amount of grease/oil to it but definitely not overflowing.PRICE is excellent. You can purchase a pretty decent size slice for around 3 to 4 bucks or the whole pie.  The ENVIRONMENT here is small with only a few tables. So if there is no seats then its best to take your slice to go. SERVICE here is good. They don't smile at you when you enter but they do however greet you, take your order, quickly get your slice, and tell you good-bye on the way out. What more can you ask for.  Overall, I love this place. I will definitely make this place a must stop on every trip and If I lived in LV then I would be picking up pizza from these guys all the time.
4	This place is a trip.  Some just plain great new york style pizza - and its perhaps the only thing done right. I cannot give it a bad review, because its independent, cheap and good.  But I'll just say this:  they just barely started accepting credit cards this year.  And half the time when their is a great crowd of drunk, hungry people outside on the street - they're closing up for the night.They could definitely use some pointers on business accumen, sales, and investment.But honestly, they make a damn good pie.  And that's probably enough.
3	Always hits the stop after some gambling
5	Second best cheesesteak I've ever had.wow double the meat for $1 and split it.Uncle joe thank you for the good food!!!
4	Thankfully this place re-opened.  What's there to say...you can get a nice NY style pizza hot and fresh here for far less than the poor excuse for a pizza parlor across the street.  When I say hot, I mean HOT...holy mackerel does that pie come out smoking hot.  Good quality and good service to be found here into the late evening.  Great spot to grab a quick slice when on E. Fremont.  Uncle Joe's a cool guy too...just don't get on his bad side or he'll toss you out on the street like yesterday's trash as was witnessed when two assholes decided to go toe to toe in the restaurant.  Good times!
5	This place has been around since Fremont was "dangerous", I've always enjoyed the pizza but bummed on the early hours. (They were closed before midnight on a weekend!) Now, with Fremont exploding, Zappos moving in, and the people from the suburbs who no longer think downtown is "ghetto", Uncle Joe's decided to shut down for a brief moment and do some remodeling! It's better than ever ; new counter tops, ovens, a window to serve side walk customers..still the same great pizza!! An the most important, they are now open late, till 3am! If you want fast good pizza while bar hoping, go to Uncle Joe's (local, Independent an a downtown Las Vegas main stay.)  Also, avoid the corporate chain place across the street at all costs!!!!
2	Uncle Joes once gave me the meatball and slice of my life. We came back to Vegas two years later and while still under the same ownership, this is not the gem it once was. They redid the menu to "simplify" it according to a big dude who worked there and seemed to take credit for this change. I miss the food they used to make; you could get two meatballs in a bowl with amazing marinara. Not anymore. They put wings and philly cheese steak on the menu instead??? Pizza was nothing like before. Very sad to lose this love of ours in Vegas. Uncle Joe, what happened?
3	9:30 pm on a Thursday, security guard prevented us from parking at the El Cortez Hotel w/out a Players Card or room key... Got a free spot on the street instead.Joe's is very close to the sights on Fremont Street without actually being in the thick of it.Pizza was just ok, but the owner made up for it with authentic NYC enthusiasm! On the edge of being annoying (and annoyed), but it was clear his heart was in the right spot.Very nice vibe; they even held our leftovers until we were done with the Fremont Street Experience!
4	Filling fresh ingredients in the salads. Worth every penny! Pizza is fast food pizza and a quick bite. The wings are always on someone's table when I visit. That's my next order. I'll keep you posted.
2	I like eating here when I go downtown. As I'm grubbing, and I'm the only customer there, the fat bald cook proceeds to yell at the busser. Borderline threatening him. One of the most uncomfortable experiences ever. Shame on that dude.
3	Decent pizza but this is definitely not New York style!
4	I ordered a slice of cheese and a slice of veggie (minus the onions) both were pretty good. I didn't much care for the buffalo chicken (bites) that Lindsey O. ordered. Both of us were expecting it to be a pizza. I'm not sure how it was labeled or if both of us were distracted by the over indulgence of mini margaritas that we drank at the Yelp event at La Comida. It could really go either way. Staff is really friendly. I always admire the staff that doesn't get frustrated with drunk (not saying that we were drunk) customers.Prices seem to be a little pricey, especially for downtown. But the slices are large. I ordered two slices and it was more than enough. This place gets an extra star for being open late. Definitely a great place to grab a quick bite when you are pub crawling around Fremont.
5	For great food wish was more accessible or more locations but well worth the walk had a hard time leaving
2	Ex-employee; left on what appeared to be a non-negative seperation.  Food not terrible.  But low quality ingredients,  bad dish washing process, and over all hostile environment. Went in to say Hi to my old co-workers, just to be yelled at by the manager to, "get the f**k out of the store." No previous warning was issued or a polite notification, simply greeted with hostility from the least comfortable work and dinning environment available in Vegas. Over all service negates cost and quality of food. The negatives out does the positive.
2	I didn't do much homework before going inside. Please allow me to set the scene. We are very hungry, the Halloween parade just ended, I look up and see Uncle Joe's Pizza. I quickly go on Yelp to see what the rating is. The rating is 4 STARS!!! We go inside. CONS: The pizza was on the par of frozen boxed pizza. The crust was alright but the sauce and cheese need EMERGENCY help. This reminded me of my college days, in a college town, with other college kids making pizza at the pizza place.  The Yelp ratings read 4 stars and it's not.PROS:Location is perfect IF your going to a parade that ends on 6th and Fremont.Wearing an Elvis costume eating bad pizza on Halloween. That was kind of fun.
5	Another Las Vegas staple uncle joes this place is my go to spot my wife hates it cause I gain so much weight, I order so much so I can snack later then after later and when she goes to sleep its meatballs in the microwave and bam!!! I'm good I'm telling you, if you like Italian you will love the college atmosphere and the great food as well as the cheap prices
4	I surprisingly enjoyed this place. The staff were exceptionally friendly. The pizza was solid New York pizza with a exceptionally tasty crust. Great late night spot to grab a slice when bar hopping on freemont.
4	So, this pizza place has been around for FOREVER. And it probably ain't going anywhere soon now that the hipsters have discovered it. I didn't discover it until recently myself. Good decision.Is it mind blowing pizza? Not exactly, and it's not as good as the No-Longer-A-Secret Pizza Place at the Cosmo or Pop Up Pizza at the Plaza, but it does it's job as a dive-y pizza joint in the middle of a bar street. It's a lifesaver for those of us in need of cheap eats to either stave off the munchies before we go party or sober us up late at night before we go home. Oh and there's more to it than pizza too. The Stromboli in particular is to die for. The good:Stays open late.Option for sobering up.GREAT stromboli.Practically a downtown institution.The bad:Can get really crowded.Return factor: Whenever I come back to par-tay on Fremont.
4	The staff was amazing. Food was yummy. I love this place! I work nearby, so I'll definitely be stopping by again! I was wearing a white dress, so one of the gentlemen went and got me towels to make sure I wouldn't spill anything. Awesome place.
3	Have been here a couple times now when visiting downtown casinos. The first time seemed good but the pizza this last time was super greasy and devoid of flavor. Still, its reasonably cheap and hits the spot when waiting for the Griffin happy hour right next door. I'll probably return only if I am very hungry and don't have to go out of my way.
5	Uncle Joe's is in my top 3 favorite pizza spots in Vegas! The interior is what you'd expect an old school Pizzeria would look like--with a small dining area and the ordering counter right at the doorway. The quality of their pizza never fails to ravage the tastebuds in my mouth. I also love getting their hot wings, which are nice and crispy. If you're in the East Fremont area, I'd definitely recommend you try this hole-in-the-wall joint.  It's most definitely better then most pizza places that pose to be "legit" but don't even touch the perfection of Joe's pies.
4	I was skeptical... With a predisposed love of all things BK  or NY tyle, and pizza is definitely number one on that list... But kudos for the cheese slice. Now I've got my go-to spot for a slice of some good pizza...NY style. Need more visits for that 5-star. Hmmm maybe next week. Mmmm pizzzzzzaaa....
4	I work a couple of blocks away from Uncle Joe's Pizza, and I've heard that their Philly Steak sandwich is pretty good. My regular go-to place for lunch had a 20 minute wait, so I decided to checkout this little mom-and-pop hole in the wall. I ordered the Philly Cheese Steak with a side of crinkle fries and a soda for $9.99. It took about 10 to 15 minutes to get my food. And while I was waiting, I was admiring the atmosphere of the small restaurant. It seems that writing on the walls is encouraged. This place reminded me of a small pizza joint you'd find in NY City. When the food came, I was NOT disappointed in the shear amount of goodness on my plate. They are definitely giving with the portion sizes! The Philly was hot and juicy, and the bread was soft. There was a good ratio of meat (mixed with onions, peppers, and mushrooms) to bread. The entire sandwich could be split between two people for lunch. Will I be back?... Most definitely!
3	Pizza was just ok. Ordered a whole pizza for my friends as we were staying at the El Cortez. Would have rather had pop up pizza but didn't want to walk to other end of fremont and back in the rain.
2	Average for me, NJ pizza rules, this place was ok, no complaints.
3	This place is pretty regular to me. A good place to come when you're drunk. The pizza is pretty mediocre. If you order just a slice of pizza it just looks like it's a cheese pizza & they just place the toppings on top and not do much with it. I like how it's thin crust, it does the job right as far as it being sober up food but ehhhh I probably wouldn't come here when I'm  sober to eat.
3	This place was ok.Uncle Joe was actually there working his butt off .. So props to him!Can't base my review on the pizza because I unfortunately gave up bread for lent :(But the chicken wings I had was pretty good to me! Simple, plain wings. Had asked for the buffalo sauce on the side. It was a good sobering meal for the night! They were busy, but quick! Which is always a plus!
5	Extremely complimentary to a night of drinking on Freemont.  Pizza took some time.  Lineup wasn't that long and seemed like everyone else had been patiently waiting and getting impatient.  When we did get our pizza I would say it was well worth the wait, crust was thin and tasted fresh and handmade.  Toppings were also fresh and perfectly cooked, soft yet still had that slight crunch.  Felt full and satiated without the grease and heavy feeling other pizza places offer.  After this stop my wife and I were recharged and ready to resume enjoying Freemont.
5	Recently went to Uncle Joes after picking up my daughter & friends from LVA .... the owner was very friendly and engaging with the customers and the atmosphere reminded me of a neighborhood pizza joint in NY.  We ordered a pizza and it was some of the best that I have had in Vegas (im originally from NY).I told my daughter, we'll be coming back to this place !
5	Just finished having a rather delicious Hawaiian pizza at Uncle Joe's. Super good food and it came out really quick! The 16" pizza was pretty filling for a friend an me, although probably could have easily split it with another person. The interesting thing is that now I've gotta come back and try out the Philly cheesesteak which I assume will bring a totally different and unique experience to Uncle Joes. Looking forward to it.
5	Best pizza in Las Vegas.   It's the only pizza that I've found to be comparable to New York Pizza.  Also the calzones are great and made to order, not pre-made and gross.
5	This place is a little joint, but don't let that fool you! Pizza is delicious, thin crispy crust. Uncle Joe is actually working behind the counter. Super friendly place and many locals walked in and they knew each other by name. Young girl walked in and asked "what can I get for $5?", uncle Joe said nothing much but because I know ur mom I'll give u this combo! How sweet was that!! They do not sell beer, but we will definitely come back!!
5	You might pass this place by if you aren't looking for it, but it has the best pizza in town. The pizza is also a great price! The first time I went to Vegas we stayed downtown at the El Cortez. The bf and I wanted pizza, so we decided to try Uncle Joe's because it was so close. We walked over and took a pepperoni pizza back to our room. Let me just tell you, it was such great pizza we went back later on that day and the next day for more! Now whenever we go to Vegas we have to stop by and get a slice or two. As long as the pizza stays great, we will be coming back.
5	So I know what you're thinking ... she probably has never eaten at Uncle Joe's ... sober. Well, you're correct, but the alcohol does not affect my judgement (when it comes to pizza, at least). This is, hands down, my favorite spot in LV to grab a slice. The bonus? It's in the middle of some very cool lounges/bars on good ol' Fremont Street. And they stay open past 10pm.I've only ever eaten the pizza here, mostly cheese and veggie slices. The menu extends beyond just pizza. I've ordered whole pies (and ate them alone) and sometimes only a slice. It's my goal to come here, no matter the reason I end up on Fremont. The crust is thin, and the sauce is delicious. A perfect ratio of sauce to cheese. They don't short you on the toppings, either. The service is quick, considering the rapid turnover this place experiences on a Friday/Saturday evening. If you plan on ordering a whole pizza in the middle of a busy weekend here, you may experience a wait. There's usually a line. But if you're searching for THE pizza, stop here!
4	Old style hole in the wall pizza joint with great food, great prices and great people!
5	Driving the crowded strip and we decided on pizza. Stopped here for something quick. 2 pizza slices and garlic bread. A little small. But very cool compared to the 104 degrees outside. Owner is awesome.
4	My wife and I both had the Philly steak cheese sandwich with fries, the sandwiches were made really well they had cheese, they were dry and lacked all the juices that normal Philly steak cheese sandwiches have .  You could tell the sandwiches were made with good ingredients peppers mushrooms and onions and cheese but they were kind of dry they didn't have all the juices and flavors of had sandwiches in the past but they were good! Coca-Cola soda machine was pretty flat and the ice was broken will still go back and uncle Joe's is a staple in downtown we like it!
5	I've been going to uncle joes for the last 5 or 6 years since I stumbled out of the griffin and needed some late night eats. I ordered the Italian sandwich and literally to this day it's still the best sandwich I've ever had in my life. I tell everyone I know about that sandwich. I moved away from Vegas about two years ago but went back recently on vacation. Uncle joe still remembered me and what I always order. How awesome is that? I have tried their philly and their pizza as well and it's dam good too. The pizza is thin and crispy and delicious  and the Philly is awesome. Can't wait to visit again and have another Italian sandwich.
5	Super friendly!  Great pizza! Brought straight to your table from the oven!  Superb sauce, fresh toppings, could have used more cheese but that's just me. Small place but very clean with nice clean restrooms.  Family run it appears.  Menu has more than just pizzas. Will definitely go back and take friends when they visit!
3	Not anything to write home about but some decent pizza for downtown when you have a buzz. Typical street pizza  greasy.
5	I was looking for somewhere to eat after 11:00 pm on Thursday night with my son and two nephews- all teenagers.  We tried a few places and it was near closing time for many of them- none of them seemed overly eager to serve us- casinos and shops included. Jeff set up 4 of us with a large pepperoni pizza, 25 chicken wings and 4 drinks as he and his employees were wrapping up the day. After wandering around Vegas for the day, it was the best pizza and wings ever!
4	This place has a heck of a philly! the 8oz was split between 3 guys along with a large sausage pizza. I took a half and a slice and I was stuffed. They truly pack the philly!
5	Pizza & wings were delicious and the Philly Cheesesteak looked incredible!  If I had any complaint it would be that the wings were a little small. They were so good that it kept us wanting more...
5	It came to my attention yesterday that I have not written a review for Uncle Joe's.  I'll keep it short:In the evenings you'll find a passionate pizza purveyor working his magic.  Jeff is Sicilian, he's "from back east" as our people say, and he puts a little bit of home into each crust, each topping, and in fact each item on the menu.But there are two reasons I'm giving all 5 (and possibly two more if possible) stars.1. I asked Jeff about a "real calzone" like from back home, he came through and has done so every time since.  We're talking deep-friend, but not baked first.  Ham and cheese, that's what a calzone is, out of the fryer with some sauce.  Done.  2. My mom was in town for a couple of days and while she's not able to enjoy the full depth and grandeur any longer due to some dietary constraints, Jeff whipped up something delicious anyway.  Maybe that my mom is 100% Italian from back east had something to do with it?  Eh, while Jeff certainly took care of us and they talked about growing up Italian, Jeff is an all-around good guy, and no matter how frazzled he gets he still wants to feed everybody some good stuff, because that's what you do when you're Italian.Uncle Joe's has been around for a while, Jeff is no small part of the reason.  That's where I go for my pizza and calzone fix...
4	I have to say I was very impressed with the pizza here. This pizzaria serves a near perfect crispy and chewy crust. It should be scientifically impossible to get a pizza crust perfectly chewy yet crispy like they do especially on a thin crust New York style piece of pie.The sauce was sweet and spicy; the toppings while just sprinkled on top of a piece of cheese pizza and reheated her plentiful and delicious.Service was fast, decor was very ghetto inspired New York city. Graffiti on the walls and about $100 in singles with names on them pinned to their home town on the maps painted on the walls. I definitely won't forget they are there and will be stopping by for another slice or two.
2	Usually they have amazing pizza, but today it was room temperature and below average.
3	Let me start by saying that the staff was really nice and working really hard. It was about 11 or so on a Wednesday night, summertime, and the place was HOT as all get-out. The pizza was pretty decent, but very greasy. My husband and I ordered the meat-lover type of pizza and enjoyed it. We might frequent the place again, but definitely in the winter time. It was hard to enjoy a hot pizza in an even hotter restaurant.
5	it's closed!  what happened? it was the best food downtown!
