4	Built as the Parliament for United Canada in the mid-1800s, it now is a mall for boutique shops and local galleries, although it still hosts some exhibits and musical performances particularly when there is a festival or celebration on the Vieux-Port (Old Port).  The front opens up on to the Vieux-Port and right next door is the Chapelle Notre Dame de Bon Secours that give the place its name. Although there are some information/exhibit plaques on the walls detailing the history of the building (you have to look for them), Marche Bonsecours touts its retail significance more than its historical significance.  It does have public bathrooms that are clean (like most of Montreal).  It's best reached by the Champ-de-Mars Metro stop, but is a hike up and over the natural levy which Old Montreal is built on from the Metro stop.  If you have issues with walking, then it's best to probably take a taxi.The Galerie des Metiers d'Art was probably my favorite shop.  It's a consignment shop for local Quebec artists and they carry everything from sculpture to clothing to (my favorite!) jewelry.  Out of all the places I went in Montreal, this was probably the best place I found to get locally made (and I mean locally as in Montreal) products that isn't the cheap stuff you find in most local fairs.  Most of it has quality and is unique and as such it's not cheap, but you can find art that is below gallery pricing.I wouldn't make this a must-see in Montreal unless you have some time to kill while in the Vieux-Port or are looking for a public bathroom in this part of the Old Montreal.  There are other things that beg to be seen (like the chapel next door).  The only exception is the Galerie des Metiers d'Art which is REALLY worth a visit if you are looking for a unique local piece of art at below art gallery prices.
2	Definitely a glitzy, artsy, lackluster tourist trap. Not sure why this is a must do in every single guide book and website. The building is beautiful but the interior is marred by galleries I would never buy anything from. Oh well.
3	A beautiful heritage building that is unfortunately boring. The boutiques in the main hall have some beautiful versions of the same touristy things you'll find in the alley shops around Old Montreal. There is a surprising and gorgeous space in the basement with huge windows - architectural magic achieved on a hill - used for special events.
3	This was my first stop on my Montreal Old Port wanderings...and truth be told, it was 35 degrees outside, so I was pleased to find the light on and people inside the Marche Bonsecours. A soon as I walked in, I was optimistic that I would find unique and locally made gifts to bring home to my LA peeps.  This seemed to me to be a mini artists bazaar.  As a perused the small shops I saw some neat things and some unique things, but the more unique and neat things were super expensive.  I don't want to sound like that horrible American tourist that wants to pay $5 for meticulously handmade crafts...but I'm talking three-digit prices!  Most other shops had touristy items, tshirts and keychains, etc.I think if you have the budget to spend on some locally made gifts, this is a must.  If not, its definitely a nice space to walk thru and have a cup of coffee or tea at the Cafe d Arts down toward the end of the space.
4	The impressive building that's Marche Bonsecour drew our attention, but every time we'd mention it we were met with derisive retorts about its upscale boutiques, as if it wasn't that interesting.  Which was a little confusing since it's regularly referenced as a public market.  We stopped in anyway and discovered a couple of things.  First, there's a rich history to the building and its place in Montreal's history.  Second, what binds these stores together is that they only sell items made in Quebec by Quebec artisans.  It just so happens this is the headquarters of the Quebec Craft Council.  These are not souvenir shops, but upscale gift shops that sell unique, locally made wares.  It's a great place to find a unique item to remember your stay.  My favorite boutique was Red Canoe, a stylish men's apparel store selling designs inspired by Canadian heritage.  I loved the store and its way cool clothing line.In addition, there are art galleries and several restaurants that I imagine would be bustling in the evening.  Stop in with an open mind and enjoy the craftsmanship of local artisans.
3	I purchased a nice wool blend scarf for my son in Red Canoe, a menswear shop within this historic building which is now a shopping "mall". Some of the boutiques are inexpensive while others are high end.  While I was not that impressed with any of the shops, I appreciated the fact that they each sell only Montreal made items. Go Local!
3	It Was closed but   The Building  is Awesome and the Locations on the water is Fantastic
2	Marche Bonsecours......I thought this was going to be a pretty awesome place to check out some local wares, food, and whatnot but as it turns out this is nothing more than a crappy shopping mall.  Although the market looks great on the inside....there wasn't much to draw you in for long periods of time inside.  A quick breeze through the doors and we were done.
3	Nice place to get some souvenirs -There are many little stores that offer variety of goods from foods to jewelry. There is a store where you can try some local cider and fois gras before making a purchase. The place is in a touristic area, so the prices are high.
