5	So my husband has accused me of the store having my photograph up...warning the staff that a whirlwind is coming to buy up all the merchandise. He probably isn't wrong. When my Mom and I come in it is like "Watch out girls' here we come!"I love this place...This is perfect for a woman, not a size negative zero sorry girls' if you don't eat this isn't the place for you go down the street and BEBE will help you out. This place is reserved for women with a figure. The clothes come in great colors, designs and they work for all sizes. They go from a size 0-3 which is basically a size 4-16. They have everything from Casual to Moderately Dressy but generally work for the Casual and also for casual work. You won't find your Ann Taylor suits here. They have great prices on their sale racks (which I love) however they can run up in price for a shirt $68 and up.Join their frequent buyer program, you will get their catalogue which will get you a coupon every month and a 5% discount on everything you buy. I wear 90% chico's and always get complimented, their stuff doesn't go out of fashion and they have great accessories to match!
5	2/23/11: Karen helped me without being pushy - she did a great job of explaining how pants would wear so that I'd get the right size
5	I live in Canada and I cannot wait to hit Chico's @ Kierland Commons location when I arrive in Scottsdale. Myra was the first Sales Associate to help me out on my first  visit and I was thrilled with her knowledge and her incredible service. I spent  3 hrs there. It can be overwhelming at first because of all the shoppers and staff. I absolutely love Chico's.  "Friendliest Ladies I have ever met"
5	The biggest and best in the Valley of the Sun. This is the biggest, best stocked, best organized Chico's in all of Phoenix metro. There are plenty of people there to help you. Kierland is a gorgeous shopping center. It's all good.
5	Love this place! Without their expert advice on matching outfits and jewelry together, I would look like a misfit.   Their sales staff are very attentive and want to seriously find you the best outfit to make you shine and stand out of a crowd.  While they can be pricy, I wait for sales and coupons. Now I'm looking good and feeling put together.
