5	Ok, so I kinda missed the boat on updating this review. I'm here now so that'll have to work. In addition to Nevada Vodka, which is delicious, Las Vegas Distillery now also produces Gin, Rum, Whiskey, Moonshine, and Rumsky. My recommendation is you go down to the Half Full Store (right next to the distillery) and buy all of them right now. The quality of ingredients and the effort George puts into every single drop of his products is far and away the best I have ever seen. Forget the fact that he's such a great guy, he knows how to make spirits. I still highly recommend stopping by and getting a tour for yourself and I know you will be as excited as I am by the end of it. Think Local, Drink Local. Boom!Las Vegas Distillery is the first legal distillery in the state of Nevada.  Although they have yet to ship their first order, they are currently open to the public.  Stop in and get a great tour of the distillery from owner George Racz, complete with a story about his journey to open a craft distillery in Nevada.  His excitement about his job is contagious and will make you look forward to the coming weeks when the first Nevada Vodka will hit shelves in the valley.  Also, coming soon is a shop within the distillery where tastings will take place and bottles will be available for purchase.  I will edit this review upon the release of the Nevada Vodka.
5	Holy amazing this is the best kept secret in the foodie world! I am reviewing this so that fellow elites join ranks and show Las Vegas Distillery some love!1) George is awesome.  He taught himself everything and is a self made man.  2) It is way cool inside here and one day he might teach some classes! 3) He is dedicated to using a lot of local Nevada ingredients. 4) Hello moonshine!5) Shop Local people and keep the money in NV. With his dedication to artistic techniques there is no reason not to keep the money in town.  6) George is really cool and plays chess. 7) He did a homeschool field trip and told the kids all about the process of making spirits. He let them look inside the pot stills, label their own empty bottles, and play with grain.  Why are you still reading this? Head on over!
5	Was at the opening party the other week...what a great event.Had the Rumskey and Moonshine and...Even the extra staff for the event were knowledgeable.  The band was great mixing up great tunes. The distillery will be a good asset to the local area.
5	Their liquor is fantastic! It has great taste and is very smooth. It's a little pricey but well worth it for the quality!
4	I came here for a Yelp event but I would like to review the alcohol I tried while I was here.  I think it is so cool that this is the first legal distillery here.  During my visit here I was able to taste the rum and vodka the distillery offers.  It was delicious!  I am generally stuck on flavored alcohol but the drinks I had today were more than enough to surpass any other drink I could make myself!  The rum and vodka is more than worth the money.
5	great selection of spirits. moonshine, whiskey, rum, gin, and a few mixed ones i dont remember. great prices! i think they said that either total wine or lee's liquor carries their products.
4	This is a pretty AWESOME place where you get to learn about the brewing process of hard liquor and you can get Nevada-made vodka! I visited this place during the last Yelp event and the staff was super friendly.... they even gave me some free samples. If you are fan of rum, vodka, gin or moonshine (you read correctly- moonshine), you can visit the distillery and actually bottle the booze yourself and take it with you! There are different size bottles you can choose from so you can take as much or a little liquor as your heart desires. This is one of those cool places you never thought could exist in Vegas.
5	This place is a great local find! The owner is so passionate about his craft, you can feel it in the way he talks
4	OK I do not drink hard liquor, but this very cool place was on my latest tour with Las Vegas Beer tours, and I must say I enjoyed it very much. The owner is an awesome guy, and he gave us the grand tour. Several of the employees also greeted us, and talked to us about the product. They handle their own distribution, company right in house, and a liquor store which they own right next door. Wala their own 3 tier system, GENIUS!!!Very cool place, well worth a trip out!!!
5	This review has dates back to 2012 just before the distillery opened.  I had THE BEST customer service experience of my entire life.  I popped into the distillery in November to pick up some Christmas gifts for my one and only.  He likes Gin!  I had found out all I needed to know on the website so I drove and drove and drove as far away as I could possibly drive to get to the distillery.  Just kidding! But it is a hike from Summerlin.So me, my mom and my sweet baby in his stroller entered the elusive distillery.  George was warm and inviting and promptly welcomed us and gave us the tour.  I told him I was ready to buy a bottle of moonshine and a bottle of gin.  Alas, sadly, he could not sell them to me for 6 more days until he got his liquor license.  Noooo! Waaaa!  I was so sad.  No worries, says George.  I'll bring them to you next week.  Write down what you want, and your address, and I'll deliver them.  What?!?! Am I hearing things?  You are going to deliver a measly 2 bottle to my doorstep during the week of your opening.  He said yep...and you can pay me then.  Sure enough...6 days later, George calls and says he is on his way. He hand delivers my two bottles.  I felt like a real prohibition rule breaker.  Got me some bottles of liquor in a brown paper bag in my driveway and slipped George the cash.  George wished me well and gave me a big distillery style hug and went on his way.  I repeat, I have never experienced such fantastic customer service in my life!  What an establishment!Hubby loves his goods.  He says the gin has a menthol or minty flavor to it; different from your average gin.  He gladly shares his moonshine with visitors but insists they swig it out of the mason jar.  If you haven't been, go.  It is such a cool addition to Vegas.  A great spot for gifts!  We also scored super sweet distillery t-shirts for husband and dad.  The distillery is cool.  During my visit, the staff was sitting as the stainless tables, hand labeling and writing on the bottles.  Pretty cool.  See for yourself!
4	My first visit was for the re-opening after the Distillery closed for renovations. We got there just in time to join the first tour. The owner/distiller George is passionate about this place, and it's an informative tour. We enjoyed the samples, and all the liquor is for sale on-premise. They also sell shirts. This is a great place to bring visitors for a unique Vegas (actually Henderson) experience. They should name one of their liquors "Hendertucky" moonshine.
5	Saturday we ( Barb, Linda, Martin and myself ) spent the morning at Las Vegas Distillery. The owner George and his staff gave us a tour of the facility and explained how they make Whiskey, Gin, Vodka, Rum and Moonshine. George is an immigrant and his story about his journey of starting his Distillery is inspiring. Costco just picked up his Moonshine, which is like hitting the lottery. If you have the time and enjoy liquor make plans to stop by the Distillery for a tour and tasting. You won't be disappointed.
5	If you are a fan of distilled spirits, you absolutely must visit Nevada's first craft distillery. While visiting, I met the guy in charge of bottling, and the owner, George. Both were very friendly, an obviously enjoy what they are doing. Seriously, this place is worth visiting just to see the still, which is a piece of art.George told us that they just got into a couple of Costcos, so I expect that we'll be seeing a lot more of Las Vegas Distillery -- and that's a good thing. These are people you cheer for, and genuinely hope will succeed.
2	If you're a whisky fan, this isn't the place for you (or vodka & gin for that matter). Went here for a tour, while it was fun and entertaining to learn how they distill here, their product is something I cannot endorse. We tasted a few cocktails made with their spirits, and then tasted all of their vodkas. I had to spit all of them out. Everything tasted like bottom shelf cheap liquor...and begging for a stomach ache or a nasty hangover. I will stick to Hendrick's and Speyside Whisky. I trust the people that have been doing it for many years.
5	Sooo Cool!!! Found this place after they were sampling product line at my local Smith's. Then they came HIGHLY recommended while at Total Wine & More. We decided to drive on over, really close actually. Just walked in and one of the guys welcomed us right away and said he'd be starting a tour in a few minutes, WOW. It ended up being a few of us and he walked us around the warehouse. What a cool operation they've got going on here and what a story!!! We just restocked our liquor shelf and bought all "non mainstream" stuff. We have these guys' Vodka/Gin/Gma's apple pie. Very cool and the first "legal" distillery in Nevada. Keep up the good work!Ignore the 2 star review. Obviously that person doesn't appreciate the hard work that is going into this small business. Don't get me wrong, Hendricks Gin is amazeballs but the Gin from Las Vegas Distillery has it own special flavor just as does Hendricks... don't hate on a place just because your taste buds can't handle what real Vodka should taste like.
4	Nice little find in Henderson. I checked out a tour and tasting with a few friends and I thoroughly enjoyed myself. The employee giving us the tour was very knowledgeable and had an answer for every question. He took us through the distillation process and let us taste the product in various stages of production. After the tour we were able to try any of the spirits, plus there was an awesome bartender making cocktails. He made some delicious drink with with cucumber and their gin which was so refreshing! All their products were pretty decent (apple pie and the gin were my favorites), but as a grad student I can't exactly afford a bottle. However, it is a craft distillery so I do understand the higher prices. This is the first and only distillery in Nevada and they're staying local by sourcing 80% of their ingredients from Nevada. So if you're all about buying local, check this place out!
5	took the tour today. absolutely fantastic. Sid was great and knowledgable. Been to Vegas many times. highly recommended.
5	Off the beaten path and worth every mile. You will have a tasting, but you can drive home... worries be assuaged! I learned so much about the process of distilling and loved the fact that the tour appeals to all your senses. Taste, touch, smell, sight and sound, the whole process is brought out in front of you to experience first hand. I feel like I learned so much about the process of distillation that I have a new appreciation for the art and craftsmanship of spirits making. I would highly recommend seeing the truly unique "copper angels," I've never seen something so fascinating to watch and understand how gin, vodka, whiskey, moonshine, are organic arts directly from Nevada. Honestly, I felt like I may have a had a quiz at the end because I was learning so much, and hanging on every phase of the process. If you don't see it, you'll wish you did when you start seeing the bottles at Whole Foods and upscale "speakeasy" bars.
4	Now this is a must see for any Vegas trip! An exciting young distillery, with several creative offerings. This is clearly a group who enjoy their craft. If you are looking for a same same beverage this is not the place for you, I recommend you stick to the larger brand names. However if you know the pleasure of experiencing a creatively produced drink by someone who truly has a passion for the craft then this is a great spot. Personally I am a fan of wheat heavy whiskey so I was a fan of the whiskey as well as their new bourbon and pleasantly surprised by the Nevada Vodka, as well as the Nevada Gin. Don't tell my whiskey but the Gin was good enough to enjoy a glass on the rocks with a shot of lime. And don't forget a slice of Grandma's Apple Pie for desert, well done guys!!!This was my most enjoyable day in Vegas, given how many new things they are trying I can't wait to check in on my next trip to Vegas, beats pulling handles any day!!!
5	Bourbon day was awesome!!! Thanks Sid and George.... Cheers to many many more years and lots and lots of more barrels !!
5	It's refreshing to meet someone who is passionate and dedicated to his work ie the owner named George who gave us the tour. I came here with 5 friends and we learned a lot on this tour of the distilleration process. The story of how he and his family overcame the odds and ends of opening the first distillery in the "drinking capital of the world" was fascinating. After the tour comes the tastings..from homemade whiskeys, bourbon,  vodka, rum and their all time clients favorite Grandma's apple pie. If you are a fan of distilled spirits then this is the place for you! I can't wait to come back for the Chocolate makery tour & tastings coming soon.
5	Great group of guys at the Las Vegas Distillery.  W food a guided tour and he was very friendly and informative.  Even if you don't know anything about the distilling process you will leave understanding the basics!  Great history on the laws and process they've been through since opening! Good luck guys!!
5	Super place. We got the tour while visiting Las Vegas and it was as entertaining as educational. The Grandma's Moonshine is delicious but watch out, it is also strong.We have tasted lots of spirits and it was truly a great place to see.
5	Loved the tour and George was a great guy and very helpful. This is definitely a hidden gem.
5	I came here on a group tour and I was incredibly impressed with the set up. I learned a lot from the owner George about the different spirits. Grandmas moonshine was a favorite in our group. The most amazing product in my opinion is the bourbon. Aged only a few years, it tasted better than some of the top shelf bourbons I have tried. If you follow them on social media, you will see the sales and information about the new products.
