5	I was quite pleased with the great customer service and the quality of the service here. I had both thearding and henna done by Shaista, she was just AMAZING!!! She was so nice and sweet, I also bought eye liner and body jewlery here. I got so many compliments for the body jewlery when I went dancing, the eye liner made my eyes really stand out.
4	Very clean & sanitary. I must say, not everyone there is as great as the other. if you were to give it a try, i defiantly recommend asking for Zara. She gave my eyebrows the EXACT look i was going for. I've been to almost every location in Las Vegas, trying out different eyebrow specialist and NObody is as good as Zara!!!! i love her!
5	I visit Las Vegas often and have stopped by Sumita's twice to have my lips waxed.  not only is the price reasonable but the service is outstanding too!i higly recommend you experience it once and I'm sure you will be pleased.what a score!!$
4	After a quick Yelp search, I didn't think I could find threading within a reasonable walk from the Strip.  Next thing I know I round the corner from Nordstrom and spot what looks like a high-end threading salon.  And it was.  Great service, no wait as a walk-in on a Friday afternoon, and located on Las Vegas Blvd.  Can't really ask for more than that.  And really not that much more expensive than threading at home  ($6-$12 for basic services I think).
4	So, this review is 8 months overdue =(   I was intrigued by the clean crisp feel when walking by the salon.  I needed my brows cleaned up and I wanted to experience threading for the first time ever! The lady was nice and did a great job....but I really just wanted a clean up, not to shape my eyebrows.  I was a little disappointed in that sense bcz I was growing out my brows to make it a little bit thicker.  She decided to go into town and reshape my brows to follow my permanent makeup brow shape, w/c is fine.. I thought clean up or maintenance would mean just that and not shaping.Aside from that, she did an awesome job.  Next time I visit I'll just have to be more specific!Likes:-clean and sanitary-they clean your skin before and after threading-eyebrow pencils to use after threading (and they sell them)-great price!Dislikes:-the lady didn't know what I meant by cleanup
5	Glenn is AMAZING! I love him so much for what he does to my eyebrows!! I used to go to eyebrows r us all the time, until I went to Glenn. I have never gone back to them and I will FOREVER be going to Sumita. Glenn gave me shape & the best eyebrows ever.btw.. I never realized how crazy my eyebrows were until I went to Glenn. & he was right.. they have never looked better now!
4	I came here for the Yelp event last night. Even though I came pretty late, I still didn't have to wait very long to get my eyebrows done because they were very fast with the threading. I believe I had the same lady do my eyebrows as Jessica Z. She did not introduce herself or ask me any questions at all, unlike the other staff members. She pretty much just had me sit down and she began her work without asking if i wanted  my brows done in a specific way or giving me any tips on how I can grow/groom them better. Her work was very good though and she even filled in my brows with a pencil afterward since they're pretty thin. I was really satisfied with her work, just not with her customer service. I feel like she should at least introduce herself to the customers, otherwise she won't have any repeat visits because no one will know her name.I ended up buying the brow pencil she used for $11 in a dark brown color. For some, including myself, that may be pretty pricey, but the pencil is awesome! You can rub your eyebrows and it won't smear or rub off and you can even jump in the pool and your eyebrows won't get messed up. It's definitely a great investment, especially for the upcoming pool season.I will definitely be back at Sumita Beauty for some threading services. They have Threading Happy Hour every Tuesday and Wednesday from 2 - 5 p.m where you can get your eyebrows done for $9 or eyebrow & Upper Lip for $12; Such a great deal!
5	After discovering this place through a yelp event a few months back, I've been here twice. I'm very satisfied with their service and the staff. The lady that did it last time was awesome and quick. I'm so hooked on the threading that I haven't waxed since. I just love how they shape my eyebrows and explain what to do and what not to do. I enjoy coming here during 'happy hour'... their happy hour specials are awesome! 9 bucks for eyebrow threading, or 15 bucks for eyebrow and lip threading. I believe happy hours fall on Tuesdays and Wednesdays between 2-5pm... I'm not 100% sure, but it sounds about right... Bring cash though, I'm glad I did because when i went to pay for my threading, i used my credit card and it didn't have a 'gratuity' or 'tip' section on the receipt.Oh, and their eyeliners are awesome. I purchased 2 eyeliners that were 2 for $5, and I also purchased 2 concealers that were also 2 for $5. Good products!
5	Sumita Beauty took my threading virginity a couple months back during a yelp event.. I am so glad I went. I have been a religious waxer and always thought threading would be too painful. While it isn't the most comfortable experience the end results are so worth it! I've never had such a perfect brow arch! The staff are very friendly, I first got my brows done with Daisy who is such a fun bubbly person but have been regularly seen by Glenn who does a great job. The prices are very reasonable and the salon is very clean.
5	I LOVE GLENN!I come here every 2 weeks to get my eyebrows threaded by Glenn, hes AH-MAY-ZING!! Hes like my little therapist, he listens to my gripes. Glenn is such a sweet and kind guy, plus he does brows?! Score! Sometimes you get the ones who wont talk or are all stiff lipped but Glenn is the opposite. He listens to what you want and also gives you suggestions, if you take them great, if not great. He doesnt just go off and do what he thinks looks best, he actually listens!I will continue coming here as long as Glenn works here!! Love ya!
5	Why didnt I find this place sooner? From the get go Nilam saw that one of my eyebrows was shaped slightly differently from the other. She let me know where to let it grow out, and how to fill it in. I am totally going back for that eyebrow pencil next week (they were all out). Found my new eyebrow place!
2	My previous review still stands, because Nilam was awesome. This new review is to advise others to be very careful with who does your eyebrows, and to make sure they know what you want. I made the egregious mistake of not following my gut and going with someone new this last trip to sumita... someone who didnt introduce herself, and most importantly, never asked me for my input as to what I wanted for my brows. The result: thinner, botched brows. Gone was the perfect shape Nilam had perfected for me. I left without making a fuss, but only because I was trying to keep it together. With my wedding being only four days away, I really wanted to cry at my stupidity for not following my gut, more then anything else. But I am still upset with sumita beauty because if they are charging more then all other threading salons in the valley for their services, they need to make sure their technicians are top notch. I trusted the establishment, which made me keep my guard down and allowed the technician to screw my eyebrows up. I really do hope my eyebrows grow back... Its not like cutting your hair, where you can always just grow it back. Eyebrows are delicate, and if they are mistreated, you may never get them back. Which is why, again, Sumita should have top notch technicians, and train those (like the woman who attended me) who are not. They should know better then anyone else how delicate eyebrows are. So buyer beware of who takes you to the chair!
2	After my work i was just get in to the mall to get my shopping and eyebrow done. OMG! this place is Closed! i mean went out of business! So Going back to my favorite place FABULOUS EYEBROW THREADING on my way home........!!
