3	So my husband and I heard about Pet Planet first from a friend and then again a lady was passing out samples and coupons at Chaparral Dog Park that we received. We decided to take our dog Marley up there for their "official" grand opening (it must of been a month or so after they originally opened) a few weekends ago. It was a great time and WE ALL LOVED it! The bowls are low to the ground so the dogs are able to smell the treats (the wrapped ones, that is haha) so there are MANY different smells my dog cant get enough. They have a do it yourself dog wash in the back, if you have a large dog, might be easier for you and a blow dry system too, which was funny to watch. Smaller store, all natural everything, but in general a great fun place for Marley. There was a lady ( I'm sorry I forgot her name, who had blond hair in a hat and a little pink streak in the front of it) who was super nice. She gave Marley lots of love and a couple treats. He really liked her and followed her around (before he was given the treats even haha) I filled out my name and even won a grand opening gift basket with tons of treats in it and a new water Refreshe' system that I was actually looking at buying. It was going to be my new favorite place, nothing but smiles. That is a 5 out of 5 stars hands down!!! My husband, dog and I LOVED the place.  Now this is for the 3 instead of 5 stars. I went back with the same friend that referred me and there was a diff. girl working by herself mid to late 20s.  It was later about 8-830PM when we got there (9PM they close) we were the only ones there, and she really tried to push us to buy stuff. I hate going to places where I feel that way. She literally followed us around step by step. She tried to up sell everything we looked at buying. Mind you, the prices there are not cheap, its a minimum of $6-15 for a small bag of "natural treats" Every time we would look at something she would try and get us to spend the additional on something similar but more money. She also tried to push their food on us, telling me what I give my dog is not good for him and that I need to change to their brand of food. It really turned me and my friend off, who has been there maybe 6-8 times. She was on their food, which is ALL grain free and made her dogs stomach very upset. She gave her a diff kind to try and told her it would be better. Giving your dog a non grain diet food when they have been on grain is not an easy transition. She explained it was the best and their food was the best. She also gave me a couple small samples to try, which I haven't. We heard from someone else that they work on commission, that is why she was so pushy. I am really bummed, because my 1st experience was so awesome, that I really really wanted it to be my new favorite spot. I will def. go back, but not as much as originally thought. :(
5	I went back again of course for Happy Hip treats for my dog and ended up speaking with Jay. He was great. I am so happy I went back, it was like the 1st time I went. Super relaxed and not power selling. I am going to keep going back, hope I just dont run into that young girl, that follows me around like a hound.
5	So my silly, adorable, dog is not a fan of being groomed, washed, pampered, really anything except fed by strangers...So, I take him here every few weeks to personally give the grumpy old fellow a bath (see picture).  It is like a do-it-yourself doggy car wash.  You pay $10 for the first 15minutes and it comes with 4 different choices of soaps (sensitive skin. anti-flea, deep clean, shiny coat and whitening) and a conditioning treatment if you prefer.  They have a blow dryer, but Brando is more of a towel off and shake to cover everyone else in water kind of dog.  I have never gone over the 15minutes (and Brando probably wouldn't tolerate it anyway), but if you do it is a $1 for an additional 3minutes.  Aside from that they have a large assortment of natural foods, toys and other fun pet stuff!  But, I really love Pet Planet because it keeps my bathroom from smelling like wet dirty dog, and getting coated in a layer of dog hair.  Thank you Pet Planet!
5	I absolutely love this store! A very nice selection of pet supplies (food, treats, beds, bowls etc.) The girl working there (Briana) was so friendly and helpful. We found my dog's special diet food right away and she recommended a new treat for him that's not rawhide - he loves it! The prices are great and the store is local owned. I will be buying all of my dogs supplies here from now on. Adios Pet Depot! This store does it right. Great service and prices.
5	My boyfriend and I are very picky when it comes to our three dogs. We'd been to Pet Planet a few times just to browse and pick out a few new treats here and there. Once, they had a pet adoption event going on and the people running it allowed me to take a sweet puppy out of her crate and carry her around the store and love on her while we shopped. It made my day. Anyway, this most recent time I was desperately searching for some allergy relief for my 5 pound Chihuahua. She's always had terrible environmental allergies year-round, but they'd gotten worse over the previous month or so. I've tried every allergy med in the book, from homeopathic to Benadryl to prescription, and nothing had worked for her. She was having sneezing fits, horribly runny eyes and nose, what they call backwards sneezing fits where she chokes on her own mucus, and you could hear when she slept that she was very congested and having trouble breathing. We went to four different natural pet stores this day looking for allergy supplements for her. Unsurprisingly, the other stores had either no allergy supplements, or things I had already tried for her. Pet Planet was our last stop for the day, and I walked in expecting the same answer I'd gotten from the previous three stores. When we walked in the door, we were immediately greeted by the saleswoman, and when we asked about allergy supplements, she quickly went to show us a line of supplements called NaturVet, which she said she sells quite often and has never heard negative feedback about. Unfortunately, they did not have the Aller911 product that she was looking for. She explained that she typically works at their Tatum location, and was certain that they had this in stock. She said that she would call the other store and have them pull the product for us. Because it was a half hour until closing, we said that we didn't want to be "those people", but she insisted, saying "you have my permission to be those people". We ventured across town to their other location, and were greeted by the man behind the counter and someone he was training. He asked if we were looking for the allergy supplements, and pulled out two different types (powder and chewables) and discussed the pros and cons as well as the serving size for each. Since my Chihuahua is picky, we decided to go with the powder, and the salesman took us across the store and showed us different methods of feeding it to her. We eventually settled on wet food, and he browsed the different brands and proteins with us. All in all, both of these people were very well educated about the products in their stores, and had no problems answering any of our millions of questions or offering suggestions.  Not only was the experience in both stores great, but my little dog is the healthiest I've seen her in a long time. All of her symptoms are either much improved or completely gone. This experience left us both very impressed, and we plan to make Pet Planet a go-to stop for our doggies from now on.
5	Went and tried the self service dog wash on my 2 pooches, a Weimaraner and a Westie.  The self service tub was in the back of the store, and had a door for privacy.  The tub was raised, had a walk up ramp and a spray nozzle with adjustable temperature and pressure.  3 different types of shampoos, and 1 conditioner were included, as well as clean soft towels for drying.   A large air blower hose was near the tub and did a great job of removing water prior to towel drying.  I brought in my own shampoo for my Westie.  The air blower doesn't warm the air, makes sure no body gets burned, so next time I will bring in my own blow dryer.  Paid $20.00 for both dogs.  We all left happy, and smelling better too!
