5	Awesome organization with friendly folks. I joined a bunch of Yelpers yesterday at their warehouse on 780 W Lake Mead Pkwy in Henderson (corner 4th street across from Fiesta). They gave us the tools to sort through used children's books and clean them of any markings, dirt, labels, etc. It looks like they could use more help, so if you've been looking for a worthy and fun volunteer opportunity, this is it. Like their web site says, books are magical. Be a kid again as you sort through childhood classics and pass them on to a new generation.
5	I second everything Paolo said.  We had a very voracious table...of readers and cleaners.  Eric was very efficient at bringing us box after box of great books to clean for kids.  Our table of Paolo D., Holly C., Ayumi K., Philip T., Eric R. and I was very animated and we had a great time chatting away and learning our strengths in handling books.  Holly C. is masterful at taking stickers off (even without goo gone...oooh!)I got a lot of moose books which was funny.  We also rejected a box of adult books (Michael Crichton, John Grisham) in favor of handling more children's books.  All of us liked the idea of giving some gently used workbooks to teachers so they can use the rest of the pages inside.  Everyone was so nice.  We also were honored to have such a nice assortment of refreshments from both Spread the Word and Fresh and Easy.  This was a great way to help out.  We really admire what this organization is about and what it does for kids and other readers!Addendum post-Philip T.'s review: I did enjoy reading the Barbie and the Japanese tea ceremony on her trip to Kyoto story to Ayumi, though she probably was less than amused.  The staging of Barbie in a kimono on the tatami mat was rather interesting during show and tell.
5	I would've loved to have participated in all the Yelp Helps charity events but this was the only one that fit my work schedule.  Misti definitely picked a great cause to get our Yelp volunteer muscle involved with as we cleaned preowned children's books to be given to low income areas and possibly to the "Derek Zoolander Center For Children Who Can't Read Good And Wanna Learn To Do Other Stuff Good Too".They supplied us with everything we needed to make sure the books looked as pristine as possible.  My wife and I were happy to have helped and hope to do more in the future.Some random things I learned/realized while cleaning with Holly, Paolo, Lisa and Eric:- A children's dictionary does not contain four letter words or anything sex related- I didn't realize Barbie books were so diverse.  She's fighting aliens, going to Japan and coaching soccer.  The lengths Mattel will go in order to make her more appealing to the majority of people who think she's terrible for little girls.  - I am thankful for all the literature I was enriched with as a crazy kid with a bowl cut.  Hopefully the effort we put in that Sunday morning will enrich others.
5	When Yelp Helps rolled around I realized I do not volunteer enough. So I was happy to help out at Spread the Word. Huge warehouse full of boxes of books for the children of Las Vegas, but they are always in need of more books. We felt like we cleaned tons of books, but there was not much of a dent made in the boxes that were stacked around us. We even got to help count and rebox books. It was fun seeing books we grew up with and surprised at some of the newer selections of books available. The time flew by chatting with fellow Yelpers. We never realized our time was up til we looked up and almost everyone was gone!If someone wishes to volunteer but may have physical limitations, this is a perfect organization to help out at. You can sit at your table of books surrounded by your cleaning supplies ans start helping.
5	What a great cause!!! I volunteered to clean books with the Yelpers during Yelp Helps month and I think this is just such a great organization. While it was pretty cool and nostalgic to see some of the books I've read as a kid, it was nice knowing that those books would be going back into the system for kids to read today. And while this particular book cleaning was a Yelp organized event, Spread the Word does regular book cleanings as well so it doesn't have to be a one time thing.
