4	Bohemia is another one of those shops I try averting my eyes from when I walk by. Because things in there tend to be just a bit too pretty. And I'm not the only one who thinks this. My friends and I always try very hard not to ogle the shop on our walk from Scotmid to my house and vice-versa. We avert our eyes because things in there are pretty and not cheap at all. Sometimes, though, there are those rare occasions when there's something at a reasonable price. My flatmate and another friend bought me a gorgeous dress for only 15 pounds, while most dresses there are in the 40 pound price range, if not more. They also sell children's clothes. I'm not sure if this is specific to the Marchmont area (there are lots of middle-class parents in this area as well as students). The women who work there have always been really kind to me. The dress my friends bought me had a tiny fault and they sent it off to get repaired at the tailor's for me. I don't know if this was standard, but I'm just glad I didn't have to argue about it at all. I'm not a fan of confrontation, you see. So if you do have some money to spend, this is a great place to get something, as the shop advertises, bohemian and dressy.
5	Awwwwww! That is exactly what I thought when I popped into Bohemia the other day. This children's boutiques just screams cuteness and many of the toys are too nice to let your terrible tots play with, they'd be better used as ornaments. They had a huge section with wooden and fabric food and I was tempted to buy a cuddly banana but seeing as I'm not under 3 I thought it was best not to as I'd probably end up wondering why I'd bought it in the first place. They also had a wooden cake stand with a wooden cake display on it, it was gorgeous! There was also a good selection of Eric Carle toys and books and as I love the Hungriest Caterpillar this was a huge plus for me.In addition the children's clothing and toys there's also a small ladies fashion section with a rail of pretty tops and dresses. In addition to this there's a little vanity table that has Paul and Joe make-up displayed on it beautifully. I also have to mention the staff who were lovely and really friendly, when I popped in it was two girls working and they couldn't have been nicer, chatting away to all the customers and making everyone feel really welcome indeed, very knowledgeable about the products and seemed to really like working here too. Definitely deserving of five stars.
