5	It looks like I'm letting the secret out!I heard about ASU surplus and I knew I had to go! The surplus warehouse is a big secret, and even I had never heard of it until just recently. Basically, any items that grow too old for ASU come here and are sold for super cheap. There is a large warehouse full of cheap office chairs (ranging anywhere from 3-10 dollars), tons of large well built metal and wooden desks for about 20 dollars, and bicycles that get left on campus (and nobody claims) for about $30. Talk about cheap!! They also have filing cabinets, some printers and super low priced but working LCD monitors. They even have Mac computers! The stuff is good quality, yet sold for the ridiculously lowest prices ever. I found myself wanting to buy things I didn't even need, simply because of the great deals! If you are a student that needs material for art projects, you might want to come here and check out the selection of old electronics and whatnot. They are open Monday through Friday from 12 to 4 pm.
4	I had heard about this place but never could find it.  I finally called human resources at ASU and they were able to get me a couple phone numbers for it.My first impression.  I walked in the front door and a man was yelling at them that he was going to report them for bad service.  This wasn't all that bad as he didn't seem like the type that anyone could ever please at any time concerning anything.  I spent years in retail.  I can spot that type in a nanosecond.The operation is separated into two sections.  The first  warehouse is merchandise that is sold retail.  I found a great buy on an mac especially after one of the guys came out to me to where I wanted to go (a major plus as far as I am concerned) and explained to me the benefits of each and why one was so much better than the others.  More expensive but should last me a long, long time.  I could deal with that kind of explanation.    Same person took my money and saw that I got all the cords and doodads to operate it.  I plan on going next month to be a large monitor for it.   At time I will put the whole thing together and use it.  No need on instant gratification on my part, I guess. As I had just come from waiting in line to get my car emission tested, then going to get my license plate tabs, i didn't have much more time.  I guess they have another entire warehouse full of stuff they auction off.  I din't make it that far.  However, the stuff in the retail warehouse was so reasonable that I probably would stop there.  One thing they had that quite surprised me was a real selection of bikes for sale most of them not to bad.  Interesting place to check out.  I'd say the prices are pretty inexpensive unless you are looking for one of the most expensive things the sell, which is pretty typical for me.
5	I went back today to see what else I might be interested in.  Most of the merchandise in the "retail" warehouse is in good shape so no problems there.  I found everything from office supplies to art work to bikes to miscellaneous.  I was looking for an office chair.  I sat in a bunch of them and kept going back to one.   I would have preferred another color but it felt so much better than the rest that I took it, $5.00.  In addition, I bought a Rolodex and a few other things.  Total bill was under $!0.  After I got home I was looking at the bottom of it  and discovered my $5.00 chair is a Herman Miller!  Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus!
2	I plan on contacting these people tomorrow about replacing the apple I bought from them.  The apple people completely downloaded a new operating system for me and I still can't open Hotmail, gmail, Utube etc.  Everything is okay if you don't have to sign in to anything.  The people at the Apple store have said they have never seen anything quite like it.  I will fill you in on what the Do.  If they aren't willing to work with me, I intend to contact  University president, the BBB, And one of the television stations that helps with things like this.At this point for anything more than furniture or small office supplies, I say AYOR.
1	If you are even thinking of buying a computer, I've lowered it to one star.  I  just gave up on the Apple computer I bought here.  One problem after another, I finally gave up when it kept crashing every two to three minutes.  I put on the most expensive virus system possible.  Nothing helps this machine I was sold.  End result is I am junking the thing.  Buy furniture here, buy office supplies.  Buy a computer...never.
5	Bought a 4 year old Dell Inspiron laptop for 25% of the cost of a new one and no problems whatsoever!
4	I like the idea of this place more than the actual place.  In theory they could have Apple computers at steep discounts and furniture mad cheap that the university doesn't need anymore that I could possibly give a second life.  Unfortunately the stuff they don't need is normally old dell computers, old mac's and about 1000 file cabinets.  So most the time its crap, but when a dept gets in some cash they update computers and stuff so if you lucky at random times throughout the year you can get an Intel iMac for under 600 dollars which isn't bad at all or you can get a bike that is left in the bike racks on campus for between 50-75 which is actually really good!  If you need a cheap bike in pretty good shape DEF hit this place up otherwise its really hit and miss.  I'm glad it exists I just wish there was more cool stuff ALL THE TIME... that being said I'll drop by this week sometime again either way.
4	My husband suggested coming here when we started talking about getting bikes. I was pretty excited to check it out. There was a sign in the front starting something to the effect that their bike inventory changes daily. I must have caught them on an off day. Oh well, more reason to go back.Tons of office equipment...chairs, huge desks, filling cabinets. They had a lot of computer monitors and some new in box printers. I don't know a thing about computers but I wouldn't really trust buying one from here. That's just me though.If you buy something and don't have the means to get it home you have 7 days to pick it up, which is nice. They also have auctions.
5	So I work at ASU and I came here to get something for my office and for the department, so this was all work-related and not for my private home use.  Still, the service was REALLY good for basically an ASU garage sale.  I got a black metal 3-shelf bookcase for my office for $20, a brand-new appearing wheelchair for our dept for $25 (these are the prices that people off the street would've paid too).  For ASU depts the products are shipped back to the dept by salvage and in fact you are not allowed to take possession of them in a non-ASU vehicle.  Fine by me given that I just drive a little hatchback.  Made my purchase on a Wednesday and the items were delivered to my dept on Friday.  Color me (and my dept) happy!  If you need office supplies, seriously check this place out first - they had pencil holders, bookends, shelves/bookcases of all sizes, metal filing cabinets (cheap here, expensive at Staples/Office Max!), desks, tables, office chairs galore (and most in terrific condition), computers, printers and bikes.  To me, it looked like most tables, chairs and file cabinets were in the $20-25 range and worth it.  Lots of little Dell laptops in the $125-150 range - refurbished of course.  I'm told it's hit or miss here, but I'm describing what things looked like the day I was here, mid-July.  Only a few bikes, but they looked like good ones, in the $75 range (not sure I would've paid that much for them but I'm not a bike person and am not sure of the quality of the bikes that were there the day I was - one bike was locked up tight, and had a sticker price of $800 - who the heck abandoned such a good bike on campus???).
2	I have found some great deals here, Including a bike in good condition for $35.00. Also some decent office furniture. Last two times I went to get office furniture all the decent looking stuff had a $5.00 price tag and was "sold" to someone named Samantha. Interesting how this same person keeps getting there to get all the nice stuff first.However, I drove out there today to get something for my office and they were closed when they were supposed to be open. So stuff wise, you can find great stuff if Samantha doesn't buy it all first, service wise good if they are open when they say they will be.
1	I bought a Dell desktop 3 weeks ago. NONE of the USB ports work. No returns. $120.00 down the drain. NEVER EVER EVER AGAIN!
4	I've been coming here off and on for the better part of twenty years. Hit or miss for sure.... but certainly a great place to pick up a bike if you need one, misc office supplies and computer cords and the like. The workers here have always been ok to deal with, but sure never excited about customer service, overly friendly out helpful. Maybe they receive instructions to be this way from the seasoned guys when they start, send to be the only explanation I can think of. :-)
5	A bargain hunter's paradise. You never know what you're really going to find, prices are great.
