1	After picking up my bib packet for Saturday mornings 9/11 Remembrance Run 9./11 K race I am running, the lady & decided to grab some mid afternoon lunch. Being in the eclectic people watching mecca of the west (also known as Fremont Street in Las Vegas) we settled on checking out the newly remodeled Plaza Hotel, and our first foray into the quirky "Hash House a Go Go" which just opened recently.After getting welcomed and seated we both decided to feast on this big, bad sandwich:"INDIANA FAVORITESBig O'crispy hand hammered pork tenderloin sandwichWith onion, pickles & of course ketchup on a whole wheat bun served with your choice of side. You'll think you're back in Indiana!"So when Tommy our server came to take the order, we rolled with it.Except I made a fatal food service customer error.I asked if I could have some *lettuce* added to the above.See, as a former Hoosier, I grew up with pork tenderloin sandwiches. The staple of VFW Post lunches, greasy all night diners, and fairs & festivals. Except, as the HH description notes, it is not served with the 'traditional' IN combination of lettuce, tomato, and mayo. Understanding this, I figured I would compromise, and make just a minor deviation."Can I get lettuce added to mine also please?", I asked.*pause*Tommy: "you want lettuce on yours also. Uh, well, I can add it, except it would come as a side, so it will come as a "side item", and its an additional upcharge for $2.00. Did you want me to do that?"Me: (silence while mentally calculating how two leafs of iceberg lettuce retails out to $2.00 in food service). "Um, no that's okay, I can't justify that".Good thing I didn't ask for tomato and/or mayo then.The meal came out and as described, the hammered tenderloin was HUGE. Mind you, this is how it is depicted.Mine appeared a bit differently: Less fanfare in the presentation. Which was still okay. With no pickle. The thing is HUGE. And wasn't too bad taste wise.Tommy was a great server. Brought a refill of drink out before less than 1/4 remaining- always a gold standard. Pronounced my last name on debit card spot on, which can be difficult. Tommy also said "I checked with the manager about the lettuce and she said that they could not do it without charging extra... which I don't agree with personally".So all in all, this particular server is on top of his game. The food was decent, yet not remarkable. And my bill for the sandwiches, soda, lemonade and the fries? A staggering $39.00 for lunch with no adult beverages.That's right. Kind of a pricey lunch for what you get, however I guess the portion size makes up for it.With that said, the fact that you cannot make a simple addition like iceberg lettuce is the reason I will not go back to HH in Las Vegas. I can buy an entire head of lettuce for about 99 cents. I understand restaurants making profit, and certainly addition or substitutions can cost more. 50 cents extra? no problem, I guess. I come from an area where tomato is a seasonal item and can actually cost more off season (i.e. 'deluxe' on a burger). I guess for the same price I should have ordered the hamburger which comes 'deluxe' instead.My point to the review/rant is that customers in restaurants often do need to make substitutions or changes out of dietary concerns, and I get that. However the server discussing it with the manager and her standing firm on that kind of a request for such a simple item is a bit out of line. I can get lettuce on by $1.29 BK double cheeseburger for nothing, because it is an inexpensive item. An upscale restaurant needs to have *some* flexibility to its policy on adding "vegetables" as a side item. Had I ordered a "side of lettuce", then I would expect to be charged more for it because that is known as a salad. I should have asked to trade for the pickle I never got on the sandwich instead and called it even.I don't make a policy out of speaking to managers. The last time I did so (calmly and as we left) it led to a fight in the relationship, and I don't need that hassle either. So what is one to do?Vote with my money.And that is why I will not be back to Hash House A Go Go.
1	i went here on friday night around 12AM with a party of 8. we were already staying in downtown vegas, so we decided to go to this new location of hash house. ive been to the one in san diego so i expected the same. it is located in the lobby of The Plaza hotel, which was recently renovated. the lobby looked pretty cool. like an old hotel trying to be strip worthy. anyway, we were seated right away. there were only a few other parties in the restaurant at the time and we were seated in a long booth, which kind of was annoying if you were sitting in the inside and needed to get out to go to the restroom or something. anyway, the bf and i ordered the sage fried chicken benedict. i had this at the san diego location and it was pretty good. the bf hadnt had it before, so we decided to split it since i wasnt that hungry anyway. the waitress says "that will be a $2.50 charge to split it... or you can get a side order of something if you want..." so i look over the menu and all the side orders were $4.50. maybe if i was hungry, i might have just ordered a side of fries or something but i knew i wasnt gonna eat much so we just decided to suck it up and pay the $2.50. i should have just not said anything to begin with and just ate off the bfs plate. oh well. you win some you lose some. this benedict came with a chipotle sauce on top instead of the usual hollandaise sauce which was a bit spicy. personally i think the dish tastes better with the original sauce. my cousin got the meatloaf sandwich, which was a huge sandwich in between 2 or 3 inch slices of bread. the meatloaf was actually pretty bland. my other cousin got the sage fried chicken, eggs, smashed potatoes and biscuit. i forgot what its called, but it was basically like the benedict but without the sauce on top. my cousin asked for a side of gravy and the waitress again said there would be a charge. no thanks. a friend got the fried chicken sandwich, which was the sage fried chicken in between the same 2-3 inch slices of bread. he said it was good. it came with a side of fries which i tasted and thought it was pretty salty. another friend got a regular breakfast plate of eggs, smashed potatoes, ham and biscuit. i wanted to try the chicken and waffles since it has slices of bacon within the waffle. but they stop serving the chicken and waffles at 11PM. boo. oh well, its okay though because more than one person after wards said that the waffles arent that good anyway. overall i was disappointed. i wont be back and i dont recommend it.
2	Wanted to try this place the last time I was in town. So, I was excited that they opened this one since I was staying here. First time went and sat in the restaurant. Service was not so good. The busboy had to call the waiter to take our order. When the waiter came, he had an attitude. Ordered the Roasted Chicken Hash w/ asparagus, garlic, rosemary. The amount was huge. It was good..... but it felt the pieces where a bit too big. Like they just peeled the chicken off the bone & It was a dry. I went a second time to give the place another chance. This time ordered it to go. I got the Corned beef hash & eggs. I guess they don't have knives in the kitchen becuz the corned beef was shredded into big pieces. With the size of the pieces, the corned beef was tough & chewy. The only good things was. the eggs where perfect (over easy) and the toast was perfect. Oh, they only have marmalade if you eat in & honey if you order to go. The portions where worth what you pay for......
3	Good portions. Service ok. Food quality questionable. Still a new location so maybe they'll get better?  Sort of expensive.
1	I love downtown Las Vegas. I like to support businesses and events there. So I really wanted to love this place. But I could not. My husband and I went earlier this week, on a week night, not busy. The hostess was great and sat us. Our server Bridget was wonderful. Explained about the food and the serving size and etc. First thing that irked me was that NONE of the servers and bussers used serving trays. This is just a personal pet peeve of mine. The biscuits they brought would have been AMAZING with some honey butter. Secondly we received the food. I ordered the chix and biscuits. The gravy was so bland. My husband ordered the burger and he said it was okay. Not spectacular. While we were eating we noticed a server / busser (not sure what his position is) was walking through the dining room with a plate of food and a fork in the other, just grubbin ON THE DINING FLOOR! !!!!! We were shocked! Everyone should try the snickers bread pudding though! That was the best part of the entire meal! We were even craving it the next day! Its a new restaurant to downtown, so maybe they still need to work out the kinks. So MAYBE we will give them a second chance down the road!
4	I really liked this place.  It bills itself as an American breakfast with a twist.  It sure does have a nice twist.  I had the corned beef hash.  Nothing normal.  This hash has monster chopped fried potatoes and the corned beef was not little chunks of beef but long tasty strings.  The twist is also the meal comes with cantaloupe and a slice of orange with a sprig of sage in the toast.
4	Great service, HUGE good food - really creative.  Found by accident, would totally return
4	An oasis in the desert. The service was excellent. The food was delicious and we had a great time. The best restaurant in the plaza hotel.
3	good service.  expensive for good-quality edibles rendered .  many choices on the menu.  even their spectacular big biscuts couldn't render a 4star
4	I don't know about this place for most days, but if you're hung the hell over after staying up until 5 or 6 AM on a gambling/drinking binge, I can't think of a better hangover breakfast in Vegas or anywhere else.The bloody mary was great, was fresh and had plenty of spice.Half of the table, at the recommendation of Man Vs. Food, got the fried chicken benedict.  This is the ultimate heavy hangover food and, although they could've dialed down the spice in the sauce, was tasty.The other half of the table tried the chicken and waffles, which were a bit disappointing: the chicken was a bit dry, and the waffles, despite having bacon in the middle, were just ok.  It was a bit expensive though.  Breakfast for 5 (not everyone got a drink) for $100.  See a full review and pictures at http://www.bayoucitybites.com/2011/10/viva-las-vegas-hungover-at-hash-house.html
2	"The food channel lied to me". The chicken and waffels kind of suck and it took lil over 20 min for my food to come "and no it was not busy" maybe it was the cook I don't know I'll give it a try one more time. "maybe"
5	I almost did not go here because of the reviews that I read but I am glad that I DID!Some places get kinda screwed by uber sensitive Yelpers and this is one of them.This place is meant to be fun, fresh, and big. It delivered for me and we came back two more times (one time was for more Budweiser in a bag)The food was huge and delicious. Our server was slammed but he could see that we were good energy people so he made sure to keep us entertained even though he was slammed.We were drinking Hamms beer and Budweiser in a bag at 8am which was super fun and then the food came out...Well as you can see in all of the pictures, the food was huge. Lets not forget that it was delicious too!Biscuits were warm and fluffy, chicken was moist, and meatloaf was perfectly seasoned. I really like what they are doing here and if you are staying downtown then this is a pretty cool place to eat if you have the time or if you are super hung over
2	I was kinda scared to try this place because of all the scathing reviews, but I was optimistic and thought maybe the brilliant reviews had some merit. Doh!The food was ok and in ginagorous portion sizes. The appetiser portions are big enough for a decent dinner. The corned beef in the corned beef hash was really tasty, but what was with the watermelon and pineapple slices with corned beef, potatoes and eggs? The fried angel hair pasta that comes with every entree was just silly too...I don't know if it was just poorly executed...has anyone else ever seen sticks of fried angel hair pasta with dinner? The whole branch of rosemary as a garnish was weird too. The service was pretty good. That and the corned beef are saving the place from one star. Don't know if I'll go back...most likely not with so many better places for less money.
2	Nope, not yummy. If you THINK it's yummy you are a terrible person who should be locked in a dungeon forever. This place is very much about the gimmick, you know, GIANT, decorative portions of not very delicious things. I've been several times and I think there are so many better breakfast places nearby (Babycakes, Egg Works, Cracked Egg, etc.) Last time my omelet was really dry and completely flavorless despite me adding a zillion extra ingredients and my biscuit was dense and heavy like a carby hockey puck...no buneo! Really this is expensive, icky quality buffet food made to look pretty on a plate. Um..pass.
5	We decided to try hash house a go go after reading several positive yelp reviews.We were a little put off when we got to the Imperial Palace location at approximately 1 pm.  The line/wait was insane and the crowd was already extra loud and extra drunk.  Blame it on Sunday afternoon football I guess. I called The Plaza location and was kindly informed that there was no wait at the moment. We made way over and were seated immediately.  Our server was awesome and attentive and the food was delicious!  My husband ordered the chicken and waffles along with a side of biscuits and gravy, and I ordered the infamous Andys sage fried chicken w/spinach and chipotle cream.  EVERYTHING WAS SO GOOD!!I accidentally ordered the wrong Andys dish and I offered to take it to-go while I ordered the correct dish, but the gentleman who brought my food over said not to worry about it and got the right dish out to me in no time.  It was extremely nice of them considering I was the one who made the mistake.Service was a little slow towards the end but not enough to make me think anything less of the place.  We enjoyed our dining experience there and definitely look forward to going back!
1	Do not get the burgers. They're huge and flavorless. So gross. This is a gluttons heaven on earth. Everything is made super - no - quadruple sized. You just can't make burgers taste good at that size. Not possible. My husband's pancakes on the other hand were delicious but sickening after a few bites. When the pancake is the size of a SmartCar it's hard enough to finish- when it's covered in sugar it's even harder to finish.
3	Food was delicious, portions are huge, staff was friendly.  I had the pan seared chicken and I would definitely recommend it. I can't wait to go back and try something different.
4	I like this location.  It's located right next to the dome entrance in the Plaza Hotel.  If they seat you near the entrance, you can see out onto the street.  Great people watching.  Not as impressive as a space upstairs that overlooks the Fremont Street Experience, but pretty good.Also, you can get breakfast here anytime.  They will only serve the eggs scrambled after a certain time, even on a eggs benedict.  But still, if you want breakfast but didn't wake up until noon, its a good option.  Definitely try the chicken eggs benedict.  It comes over one of their fresh made biscuits. A little spicy and oh so yummy!Yes, the portions are huge.  But guess what?  One person does not have to eat it all. To go boxes or sharing are both options.  And the best part?  Free wi-fi! Definitely a fan of that.
1	So we went again, it was worst that the first time.Since they don't use trays they dropped my husbands breakfast on the floor. Another employee (not our server) walked up and asked my husband if he got a bite of it! WT...? (As if he took a bite and threw it on the floor or something?!?!?!) My husband said No and the employee said "That's f**ked up, dude" and walked off. I am not a prude but I do believe in professional language is a workplace. So two employees come to clean up the mess, One has dirty dishes in his hand. I saw it coming. I was hoping he wouldn't. But he did! He put his dirty dishes on my table next to my plate of food! Gross! Vegas has plenty of restaurants! Its service that makes it great or not! This place is a No Go for me!
3	I would have to say this would be the first time going to a Hash House a Go Go.  Which seems to be an okay place.  Located inside the Plaza Hotel, close to the front of the hotel.  You have a decent view of the Fremont street.  Also located next to the check in desk.  The restaurant itself, did look a bit small, but decent in a way.  Very well decorated and color scheme seems to be dark but warming in the same way.  Staff seems to be nice and entertaining.  Service was decent and average.  The menu was a bit confusing, but ordered a Tractor driver combo, that had eggs, bacon and pancake.  The waitress asked if I wanted one of their famous pancakes and got the Apple Cinnamon pancake.  The wait was decent, and when the food came, I didn't realize how big the pancake was.  It was bigger than expected and it was actually good.  I wasn't able to finish it, but it was decent and presentation was good.  My recommendation, its a good morning place to have breakfast.  The food was cooked decently and the portions are bigger than usual.  If you are in the area, try it out.
4	I had never been to a Hash House a Go Go before but have read plenty reviews for their twisted farm food and decided to try them out for breakfast while I was staying at the Plaza.  I don't see why all the negative reviews but I had a pleasant experience here.  The service was friendly, no one dropped my food on the floor.  The coffee was piping hot and the level never was allowed to hit the bottom.  I really enjoyed my basic breakfast.  My husband got an apple pancake and the thing was huge.  Even he could not finish it and he is usually the one who finished my plate when we go out.  Now that is a lot of food.  I forget what was here before the Plaza remodeled, but everything looks new.  The place is near the check in of the hotel and right off Fremont street so it's an easy walking distance if you happen to be staying somewhere else or even if you wanted to park at another casino.  I'm not aching to go back but I would eat here again.
4	With New Years 2012 at a close, where to eat with a mild hangover?  THIS PLACE!  Portions are HUGE and the presentation is awesome.  3 people ate and left thanking the hangover gods for bestowing Hash House upon us!  I had the french toast, with some sort of mashed potato thing that was awesome and I think something else came with it, but what can I say, the night before was rough making my memory a little hazy.   If you had a great or rough night of drinking in Vegas, you too will thank the hangover gods for Hash House!
2	I'm writing this short review of the Plaza location of Hash House because Travis K's post caught my eye on my welcome page. Let me start by saying that my wife and I are huge Hash House fans. We go to the West Sahara location regularly and have been to to the M Resort location as well and never had a bad experience. I wish I could say the same for our one trip the the new Plaza Hash House. The food was as great as it is at the other locations, but the service was very poor. There wasn't a friendly face in the restaurant, our meals were not served at the same time (lunches for the 5 of us arrived over about a 15 minute span) and it took nearly 20 minutes to get our check after our plates were taken away. The couple that was with us enjoyed their meal, but were so put off by the service that they said they probably wouldn't return. We assured them that the other locations didn't operate like the Plaza location. And no, I'm not a hyper-sensitive Yelper. I worked in the service industry for years and I understand the difference between a busy establishment where people are busting their butts and maybe it causes me to wait a few extra minutes. I have no problem with that. This restaurant was about half full and there was a lot of standing around going on. Hopefully the owner of this location will take some of these reviews about the poor service to heart and make some changes. I hate to say it, but my guess is that the employees of this Hash House are from the Culinary Union which for me would answer a lot of questions.
2	I love the HHAGG out on Sahara.  Go there almost every time I am in town.  Stayed at the Plaza and apreciated the fact I could stagger out of bed hung over and enjoy a Hash House breakfast without driving to the other side of town.  Service was really poor.  Took almost 15 minutes to get drinks.  I ordered a HH Bloody Mary.  Now, I wasn't expecting Grey Goose or anything, but I've tasted better rubbing alcohol that the house vodka they used in this.  Server was never anywhere to be found, but a hostess did a good job with the drinks.  Food quality was good, but portions were smaller than at the Sahara location.  I was with a friend who is a bit of a grumpy old man so I'm sure his attitude didnt help.
4	I find this place to be MIND BLOWING. The food is insanely original and innovative, for example, my girlfriend had chicken and waffles. And while the menu item doesn't sound so enthusiastic in the description, what ended up on our table was 4 pieces of syrup drenched fried chicken piled high and speared into waffle cakes, stuffed with BACON!Bacon! Stuffed into a WAFFLE! Can you imagine that?Some crazy shit here!The service is slow, but it's understandable. At the time we arrived to eat here, our waitress was serving 7 tables in the early morning. She can alternate between Spanish and English (she's Caucasian), and had some unruly tables full of grumpy, whiney old people to deal with. 7 tops is ALOT of people to feed. So we had to give her credit for keeping her cool under pressure.The atmosphere inside, versus outside the Plaza casino was just as significant as The Griffin bar on 6th street and Fremont. You have your shady fuckers bumming around and looking for change outside the casino (Fremont happens to be a major place for bums to mill about, and also is the drop off point for newly released inmates from the Clark County and City jails at the Golden Nugget valet), and then you got the more sociable folks coming inside to eat. Security and the staff do a good job to keep trouble out, if not appearing to be overworked.
4	Came here for burgers after our awful experience elsewhere in Vegas.  We were not disappointed. The portions and taste were amazing.  As was the presentation - usually I'm not a "take a picture of my food kind of girl" but this place warranted a photo! I could only eat half my burger and fries, which is fine, because you can always use midnight (or 3am) snacks in Vegas.  Not a perfect review because our service was off in a weird way I can't quite put my finger on.  Like our waiter was on another planet...he did his job, but didn't seem to be totally there...he made us a little uncomfortable, actually...
4	Had a late night breakfast at Hash House a Go Go and my first experience was very good!  I ordered the pancake and a side order of fries!  My boyfriend ordered the cob salad and his brother ordered the grilled cheese with tomato and avocado.  Our server, Melissa was very pleasant and delivered the drinks and food in a prompt manner.  Portions were huge!!! The food tasted so good and very reasonably priced!  We will be returning for sure!
5	This was our first stop for food in Vegas for the weekend.  It was also our best.  Stopped in Friday evening around 7'ish.  No wait to get in, place was about 3/4's full.  Service was very good.  I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict.  Food was very good and there was tons of it (like others have said).  One of the people we were with ordered the Meatloaf, I took a bight and it was equally as good.  The wife ordered as house salad for herself and shared off of my plate (and had food left over).  Price is a little high but for Vegas it's reasonable and if you kind of share like we did, it's a good deal.  Total bill for 4 of us with tip was $70 (included drinks/beer too).  Certainly will/would go back again.
4	Stayed 2 nights at the Plaza- this restaurant is in the lobby so we had breakfast here.  Great food- way too much of it!  Breakfast was so good and fresh that we went both days - the second day the service was a little confused - half the place was empty but we had to wait since they were short staff??? On a Sunday morning??? Other than that-  I would suggest breakfast- they make their own " homemade" biscuits that are amazing!!!!!
5	The food wins every time!! Our first time in Vegas and we had to visit this place. The food portions are INSANE!!! I had the chicken and waffles and it was sooo good! Come ready with a huge stomach!!! The wait staff were pretty nice as well!
4	AVOID THE FRIED ANGEL HAIR GARNISH! Which comes with the lunch and evening entrees. I saw a photo of a giant waffle and had to have it! It was only served during breakfast and brunch hours though. The prices are really high for being inside the Plaza casino. The portions are big and their food is unique. I never had fresh squeezed tangerine juice before and it was sweet, not too tart. My BF said the chorizo hash was spiced just right and was one of the best breakfast items he's had.
4	Food: 4/5. Service: 4/5. chicken & waffles; sundried tomato, goat cheese, basil scramble; meatloaf hash.
3	Three Stars because:1. The portions here are HUGE. Literally they can feed you for two meals. 2. My boyfriend and I got seated in the booth next to Barry Bond's and Neil Patrick Harris' photos.3. No wait, we were seated right away - we went at noon4. When I asked for a small plate, they gave me a nice huge serving plate5. Food is pretty good and displayed nicelyCons:1. Parking sucks around here. We parked at Las Vegas Club and paid five dollars. But then again downtown Las Vegas doesn't have free parking. 2. The waitresses were really pushy. They were really just trying to get us to order and rushing us to leave. It was down time too. Almost no one was there. Rude in my opinion.Okay. So I had trouble making up the list of Pros and Cons, but overall I give this place three stars. Would I go back? Not for a while, but I would if I had no where else to go. Maybe it's because we went to a not so popular Hash House A Go Go in Vegas.My boyfriend and I ordered two dishes. At first we were originally getting just the Man vs. Food Favorite (Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict), but then we saw people order the burgers and had to try one so we ordered the Fresh Mushroom and Swiss 1lb Burger.Fresh Mushroom and Swiss Burger: The burger was actually kind of small. I didn't get any sides with it, but overall I'd give it 3.5. I've had better burgers. This one was just blah. I guess what got me was mushrooms, I love eating mushrooms, but this burger barely had any in it. It consisted of two meat patties, barely any mushroom, and one slice of melted swiss cheese. And in the end it only tasted like a burger I could get at any fast food store. Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict: Overall it was good. The portion is humongous! My boyfriend and I could not finish it, but if you like CARBS, you'll enjoy this. It had bacon, mashed potatoes, scrambled eggs, biscuits, very little spinach, fried chicken, and some spicy sauce to finish. I have to say it was pretty good. It definitely had that spice to it! Overall I would give it 4. It's pretty unique, but you should eat it all. Don't eat leftovers of it, it sucks. Tip: You should wear elastic waist pants because food portions are huge. You'll definitely feel it after eating a meal.
5	So grotesquely overwhelming, multitudinous, bombastic, and monolithic that it's like a volley of regret straight to the aortas of your now barely pulsating heart. That beating organ is now like a deflated tire after roaring across a police issued spike strip. How does Hash House a Go Go exist? Even if you're drunker than a 19th century prospector, it's still easy to feel bad about stuffing your face with the food that's served in this restaurant. Forget reading Dante's Inferno; this place is like living the third circle of Hell. Everything is perpetually slathered in gelatinous gravy, propped up by creaking pillars of bacon, or slathered with butter and pancake syrup.But...It's so good. If your girlfriend is laboriously attempting to make eye contact with you, even as you ram fried chicken the size of a Buick down your throat, your brain will still refuse to emit shame. You will make her sign a disclaimer, before you enter the restaurant, that says, "As your girlfriend, I will still love you even after your body absorbs seven biscuits in thirty nanoseconds."And you know what? That obligatory story about how quantity overwhelms quality is an old wives tale when it comes to the hallowed ground of Hash House a Go Go - everything here deserves to be stuck to your incisors. So go on and make it rain, Hash House a Go Go. In this case tears of defeat and of joy.
1	So I was pretty disappointed at Hash House A Go Go. How can you go wrong with breakfast items.  You can when everything is a mess and there is no flavor. sighOrdered coffee: taste burnt/old sitting thereScramble eggs with bacon, avocado and Swiss cheese with crispy potato: They literally mean SCRAMBLE. Everything was just toss together. I like my food neatly separated. And it's not like I ordered an omelette. The crispy potato was soggy with no Flavor what so ever.Hash Smoked Salmon with sunnyside up eggs with crispy potato: The smoked smoke has such a lite tip of smoke, the potato was the same soggy and flavorless. When it comes to food I devour my plate like a wild animal with a piece of meat. But at this place I only took a few bites and didn't want to eat anymore. I do like that fact that the portion is big but if it doesn't taste good it doesn't matter if it's big or small.Wasted my time and spending $30ish for breakfast. That's a No No..
5	Um... YES!!! How awesome that they opened another Hash House on Fremont!!! (inside the Plaza Casino) The food quality and portions will blow your freaking mind! EAT HERE NOW! (thank me later)
2	My boyfriend and I decided to go out to a late dinner at Hash House, service was okay.  The hostess were friendly and welcoming, but leaning on the host stand a little to much.  We had to order off the late night menu, I got the grilled cheese sandwich, It was decent.  Way to much tomato and only one big chunk of avocado.  It was thrown together and sloppy, hard to eat.  Mike was our server and was good. Took him about 15 min to get my strawberry lemonade margarita, but was a very good drink for only $8.  All in all it was a decent dinner but hope for better service and food next time.
2	Had the sage chicken Benedict and was ok,nothing great. I expected more as this chain is highly rated by many people. The portions are huge! More than enough for 2 people! I'll try again and order something else to give a second chance.
5	Huge portions of good food! I had the grilled pork tenderloin with glazed pecans and honey mustard. Came with mashed potatoes and veggies.    Good service.
1	This place is over hyped and over loved. We were seated fairly fast. But it seemed they gave us too small a table for 3 adults and one child. And knowing we had a toddler with us, it was not so kid friendly. Items all over the table, in reach of the high chair. My server was not so friendly, not so attentive and just wasn't on her game. But I told myself, it would be worth it. Everyone raves about this place. But I should have trusted my gut.If you start off with a poor server, then it can't get much better. The server kept rushing and rushing us. RUDE!!! So we ordered and per suggestion of the server, I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. My husband ordered the Tractor Driver Combo. For my son, I ordered a grilled cheese off the kids meal.Let's break it down.Chicken Benedict = Dry, Bland and piled high with "mashed" potatoes. I quote "mashed" because right in the middle of my mashed potatoes were two whole potatoes that somehow were forgotten. The egg on my meal was dry and tasteless. They could have cooked it in the microwave because that is sure what it tasted like. The fried chicken was hard and dry as well. No seasoning to be found. The best part of my meal was the melted cheese all over the dish, in fact it was the only thing i found appetizing on my plate. The next best thing on my plate were the biscuits. They were pretty fresh and good. But they were not the "highlighted" or "featured" items on my dish. Grilled Cheese from kid's menu = Let's admit it. Most kids are picky. Their palletes are not developed and they love and enjoy simple things. So why in the heck is Hash House using thick cut, hearty bread on a kids grilled cheese i have no idea why. NOT KID FRIENDLY. So i asked the server if we could replace the fresh fruit that came with the grilled cheese with french fries. The answer was no and if I wanted fries, i would pay additional. Fine, whatever. I got to feed my son.The fries came out and they were delicious. Hence why they get the one star. I ate more of the fries than I did my own meal.Tractor Driver Combo = over cooked pancake, sausage was still pink in the middle. The eggs were okay. However severely over priced.The whole time we were eating we kept smelling curry and could never quite figure out why. There is no curry on the menu from what I could see.We will not return to Hash House A Go Go in the future ever. Just a friendly tip, none of the servers here seemed to helpful. They all milled around gossiping and talking.  One even told us we were in the thier way but we were seated at our table. I couldn't quite figure that one out.
5	Went on Easter dinner after church mass. It wasn't crowed and had dinner with in-laws. The food was excellent and filling. Service was actually great compared to what others say. I ate at 3 different Hash House A Go Go and all 3 have great food. This particular place at the time we went had great service. But like all places, there are times when service is not all that, but I guess we caught it a great time and my in-laws enjoyed there first experience @ Hash House A Go Go a great one!
2	The food was great.  I had the Fried Chicken Salad, very tasty.  The service was awful.  My food came first, then 15 minutes later my husbands came. In the mean time, the waiter came up to me and said the reason why we dont have our food at the same time, is because there are no heat lamps.  First of all, I never made any comment on why my food was the only one on the table.  I guess he needed to rectify the mistake, but after he said such a ridiculous statement, I replied, "we didnt have this problem at the other Hash House".  He walked away,  Then the manager came up to the table with my husbands food and told us the same thing about the heat lamps. OMG. no reply from me.  They werent friendly AT ALL and spoke to me as if I were a total idiot.  Next time I will be heading to the Hash House on Sahara.  They managed to get our party of 8's food out at the same time and were very friendlyHelpful Hint: You should have started the other meal first.
5	Based on reviews we were not expecting much but was very pleased with the service and food. We love the Hash House in San Diego and was pleased to find this one in downtown Vegas. The food was great and service fantastic. There was enough to feed a small army so come with stretch pants. This place would make a killing in Scottsdale. Love it!
4	I wanted to love it here. I'd heard about it for ages. We tried the BLT Bloody Mary. I love the idea but the drink had a sweetness that (to me) comes from cheap tomato juice with corn syrup in it. One friend ordered the corned beef hash and it was out of this world. NO complaints there. Another friend and I split the Chicken and Waffles.  Large portions and no problems splitting.  (Hash and splitting is why I gave a 4, not a 3) When I eat C&W I like a combo of sweet and savory/salty. The chicken was tasty, but not really great fried chicken and the waffles had no sweetness as a contrast. We were underwhelmed. I would go again - and place a different order. Our service was quite good.
4	food was good, the portions are huge , the service here is alittle gloomy compared to the hash house in the Imperial palace.. however this spot is extremely less crowded since it is located downtown in the Plaza hotel. .
4	To put it simply...the best breakfast I had in Vegas.  While the buffets are good at filling you up with huge plates of food...the quality can be a little lacking.Hash House A Go Go will cost you a little more, but the combination of huge portions and great tasting food will satisfy you.  I had the Corned Beef House Hash...which was quite delicious.  Although huge, I was able to put most of it away.  Of course I walked around for a couple of hours feeling quite stuffed.  You can tell just by the look and taste that everything is prepared fresh...no canned stuff here.My brother had the sage fried chicken benedict dish...which he raved about.  It was even larger than my plate and he couldn't finish.My mom had a basic breakfast of eggs scrambled, biscuit, hash brown potatoes, and bacon.  This was too large for her and she couldn't finish either.One thing that you have to try if you come here is the Watermelon/Kiwi Lemonade.  I didn't order it, but had a taste of my brothers...it was delicious and quite refreshing.This location is convenient if you are staying downtown as it is located in the Plaza hotel lobby area.  There was no significant wait to eat here(we waited about 10 minutes for a table), but we went on a Monday about 9AM or so...so could be different on weekends or at different times.Highly recommended.
2	The novelty has worn off....too many locations....too meh of flavors.... Portions still huge, but paying $14 for a giant pancake, eggs and some bacon is pretty deceiving.... Service ok for a weekday.....  Im still trying to figure out WHY go in the Plaza.... I mean friggin urine stained plaza...... wow....somebody got paid big bucks....anyhow....its always worth trying once.....Definitely need a menu upgrade....
3	Service is absolutely terrible at this place! If you get a server named Mandi, request a different one immediately.To begin with, I was sat in a booth that did not allow high chairs, apperantly it is a fire hasard to have a high chair slightly blocking a passage way... so then why was a sat here??? We were moved to a different booth, In which the crapiest server I've had in a long time was stationed, Mandi. We sat for about 10 minutes before mandy greeted us, by the time she finally came by I was ready to order. I asked for an Avacado burger and my gf had the brown sugar banana pancakes. To drink, we both had water. Mandi brought out our waters NO STRAW. Don't you just hate that lol. I would have loved to asked Mandi for straws but she was no where to be found. So I sipped straw-less. 25 long minutes later, she finally shows up and lets us know she will find out what is taking so long with our order. She comes back to the table food and all. Makes me wonder if the food was ready before hand and she just then got around to checking. The food was amazing, it was worth the wait, my Avacado burger was yummy and HUGE. My gf's banana panckaes were so good too! The food is why this place even has 3 stars from me. Halfway through my meal, my water runs out... but where is Mandi? My lovely gf offers to share her's. We finish eating, time to pay the bill. We wait and wait but no Mandi? wtf... I have a 2 year old with me, they get impatient fast and I have to sit and wait for another half hour, till finally my gf goes and looks for her. She finds her visibly eating in the lounge area... oh we were pissed. We left the money, an angry note to the manager.
5	One of the best meals you can have in Vegas.We had Sage fried chicken benidict...so  yummy!! You'll have to bring your appetite, plates are humongous so you might wanna share. Next time in Vegas hit this place up first your tummy won't regret it.
5	After watching Man V. Food- Las Vegas, I knew that this breakfast experience was going to be like no other. And oh-my-gawd... the food and the portion could easily feed a village.  The entrees were enormous (3 people barely finished 1!!!), and the flavors were just as bold.  I now understand why Adam looked like he died and gone to heaven, because the twisted food was beyond amazing. Ordering Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict was a no brainer since it was the focal point on Adam's trip. And boy, it was nothing short of steller. The nutty corn-flake breading and thick creamy gravy over the bed of mashed potatoes and buttery biscuit was lethal.  It belongs in it's own category. Deadly, but totally worth it!
4	We've been to Hash House on Sahara many times, but this was a first for the branch at the Plaza.  Generally, reviews haven't been as good for the newer venues, but we were happy to have experienced good service and good food.Surprisingly, they were willing to accept the restaurant.com certificate that we'd bought for Sahara but, alas, our $50 one was too big for the two of us to use, and the $10 one turned out to be good for breakfast or lunch only.  And we were there for dinner.Hubby and I shared a burger stuffed with roasted red pepper and smoked mozzarella.  The burger is a double, so it was really easy to split.  We also a portobello mushroom sandwich with peppers, pesto, and goat cheese.  Both were terrific.We didn't have to wait long to be seated, served, or to get the check, which was welcome, since our reason for being at the Plaza was to see The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.  And we finished dinner with time to spare.
4	This place is amazing.  The food is HUGE and amazing with the flavor combos.I got the Andy's Sage Chicken, which was very good.  I can't wait to go back here!
4	The FOOD is HUGE!!  They have the same menu as the original location but the food didn't taste as good.  Not to say that the food didn't taste good, but I usually order one of the breakfast griddles with salmon and it lacked the same flavor as the Sahara location.  Nonetheless, the staff was awesome.  We were seated quickly, served quickly, and got our check right away as soon as we were ready to bounce out of there.  So nice to have a busy restaurant take care of you even those there are tons of other people to cater to as well!
5	This was our second HHAGG experience. Great location, wait was only 10 minutes. Food was awesome! He got the Apple Cinnamon pancakes, large slices of apples baked into a giant cinnamon pancake! I got the Corned Beef Hash, large portion of shredded corned beef and swiss cheese over fried potatoes! Yum! Great service and reasonably cheep for the amount of food we got!! Will definitely be back!
5	Wow...Wow...Wow...I cannot say enough about Hash Hash.  I ate at this location on 3 occasions during my recent trip and was never disappointed.  Actually had the trifecta, breakfast, lunch, and dinner.The trucker breakfast plate is amazing, including the pancake that is bigger than your head.  I had the Meatloaf sandwich and it was to die for.  The sides are are also crazy big and outrageous.  The mashed potatoes with bacon and cheddar could easily be a meal in itself.  After our 1st meal we did figure out that one entree could easily be split among 2 people (with room to spare).  When staying at the plaza the coupon book has a good deal in it.  There are also discounts available on restaurant.com.  After a couple hours of BJ I was also able to secure a comp meal for 3 here from the Pit Boss.Don't miss it and don't believe the haters.  This place rocks!
2	Our party of four visited the Hash House twice.  Breakfast and Lunch.  The burgers were touted by the waiter as, "the best we would ever eat."  A bold claim, unjustified by the finished result!  The burgers are huge, and that's all.  The two patties were both cooked bone-dry.  I had to remove one so I could choke down the other.  The seasoning and additions did nothing to make up for the overcooked meat.  We decided to try breakfast another day.  Once again, the huge portions did not disguise the trend toward over-cooking here.  I have had Denny's breakfasts better prepared.  It may be a problem of this particular location, but with all the options available in Vegas, you could only do better anywhere for the price.
4	I love this place!!! Ever since I saw this on man vs food I had to try it. The first thing I got of course was the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken I tell you what one of the best things I've eaten in awhile. I've been there 3 times so far and have never had a problem with service or wait staff. I've also indulged my craving with the Apple Cinnamon pancakes yum yum! I recommend you try it at least once. Not everyone has the same experience as the next person but from my experience so far not a bad one.
5	I had heard the food was good and the portions were big.The food was great.  The portions were huge.  I had the meatloaf sandwich, when it was brought out to me, I had to devise a strategy to eat it, it was so big.  But eat it I did, the whole thing, although it wasn't pretty.  Might not be the place to take a first date, since there is no dignified way to eat eat this sandwich.  But, oh lords, was it good.  Delicious meatloaf, a tasty homemade ketchup, and a fresh bun.  So, so good.Fries were not bad either, but I could only eat about three of them after polishing off the sandwich.  Then I was fed for the day, maybe two days.  It was so good.I ate at the bar, the bartender was very sweet and brought me everything I needed, including extra napkins.  I gave her a good tip because, well, she had to watch me eat that thing.  Place was very nice overall, cool decor with a lot of stainless steel.So go there soon.  But only if you are seriously hungry.  You've been warned.
2	First let me say, I love HHAGG.  But the service here was poor.  Perhaps it is the downtown location that attracts a certain clientele. But don't assume I am a low class citizen until I do something that warrants such treatment.  My son's pancakes were supposed to have chocolate chips. They arrived plain. Our six orders didn't arrive together. The last order arrived a full 1/2 hour after the first order. We asked for a bottle of ketchup. They said weren't allowed to give a whole bottle. .. Really?!? Is there a ketchup shortage in Vegas I'm not aware of? I will probably not come back here by choice. The saving grace is the food which is consistently good.
5	We tried Hash a Go go's at The plaza. Pricey BUT Huge portions. I had stuffed burger adv, bacon and cheddar. My husband Had Chicken and Waffles. Everything tasted Yummy. We liked it alot. The waiter Bryan was Awesome! maybe we went at a great time- 5pm, but service was great.
4	My boyfriend and I went twice, once for dinner, and another time for breakfast (using our restraunt.com coupon).For dinner, I had the griddled cheese and he had the stuffed burger. They were HUGE, we were not able to finish them. Delicious though, and our waitress was very nice. We tipped her a little extra. I also tried their strawberry lemonade margarita and it was AMAZING.Breakfast was a little more disappointing, but not because of the food. I had the pancake combo and he had the chicken and waffles. Also huge portions, but at least we (well, me at least) were able to finish them. I also tried the kiwi watermelon lemonade which was also amazing. Our waitress that day was nice at first, but getting the check took forever. When she finally came back it was to confirm that we were the people with the restraunt.com coupon, then she was gone again for another 10 mins. It got pretty annoying, especially because we had finished some time ago and our plates were already gone. The waitress the day before had a party of 32 she was attending to, yet she was still able to tend to our needs in a timely matter!
5	Love this place!! The bacon waffle has strips of bacon, not bits like other places.
4	A nice change of pace to get some HH food without waiting forever at their W Sahara location.  Same menu, same big portions, service could have been a little better, but it wasn't terrible.
4	Yet another wonderful experience at HHAGG!!  There were four of us girls, two of us being seasoned HHAGG eaters.  So we knew not to order one meal each!  Between the four of us, we split the Snicker's pancake, the french toast, a side of potatoes, and bacon.  There was MORE than enough food, and we had some left over!The food was AMAZING as usual.  Everything was so delicious and fresh!  Too bad the service wasn't really up to par with our food.  Different waitresses kept coming over to take our drink orders and then none of them actually BROUGHT them.  Plus, we saw our actual waitress once, and once only.  Someone else (eventually) brought us our drinks, she took our food order, someone else brought the food, someone else checked on us, and someone else brought us the check.  So tell me why HER name was on the bill??  Questionable...
4	Great place to eat. Had large portions prompt service . I'm for sure coming back to have breakfast in the near future .
3	Me and my Fiance wanted to eat something late nite, came across this place in Down Town Vegas! Great lil joint, Wanted to get the  Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict like advertised by Man Vs. Food... But It was a lil to overwhelming for me. My girl got the normal breakfast - Egg whites, bacon, potato hash, and biscuit! Me on the other hand I got The Big Tractor Driver Breakfast - Sunny side eggs, Sausage, potato Hash, and one freakin Huge buttermilk Pancake! It was yer usually breakfast late nite eats, but I think next time we are gonna try the Fried Pork chop sandwich, and the Man Vs. Food Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict!
5	Absolutely delicious!  Fresh, home style cooking FTW! Ordered stuffed burger while my date ordered chicken & biscuits.  However, everything looked so great I couldnt keep my eyes of my neighbor's table.  Portions were outrageous.  Both dishes arrived hot & in a timely matter.  Service was great even though my date was extremely rude to the waitress (I would give the date 0 stars if I could).  Plates are about $15.00 each which is more than reasonable seeing that the portions would allow you to make three meals out of the one plate.  Not too fancy yet not as casual as fast food.  Would recommend as a group outing as everyone would find the menu & pricing acceptable.
3	The food is decent but the enormous portions are unnecessary. I am not fond of leftovers especially when it's breakfast food.
5	We always eat here when staying at the plaza. We've never waited in line, the food in in large portions and delicious!I usually get the chicken, mozzarella , and corn hash which comes with some eggsAnd a large yummy biscuits. The scrambles are eggcellent too. The juices are fresh squeezed we love the orange and tangerine and the coffee is fantastic. I've had the s'more mocha( you've never seen anything like this) and the ice tractor coffee.Wait Til you see the pancakes! They're folding over the plate!I've seen burgers, sage chicken and waffles all piled high at the tables around me. You really can'tGo wrong! Try one Dish today andA new one on your next visit!
1	Horrible customer service. Manager would not substitute toast for eggs despite having an allergy. Would not even discount the price for not including eggs. We we told that we could purchase something else and what did we expect coming to a "farm fresh restaurant". We are locals and will not be eating there ever again. So disappointing.
5	Everything is really, really good. My favorite is the sage chicken benedict, but I've also had the tenderoin, home made corned beef hash (so delicious!), chicken and waffles....delicious.  My husband was not impressed with the chicken pot pie but everything else has been really unique and tasty.  We took friends who also raved.
3	The food is big and is good.. The service is ok.. Just don't ask to put chocolate chips in your pancakes because they get upset.. Like is a big deal. Other than that is ok..
5	*Note: Order what you definitely want as the serving is HUGE!!! If you can't eat HUGE servings...you can DEFINITELY share it as it can feed 2 people!I love everything in the menu... it always give me a tough decision when ordering.
4	This restaurant is located in the Plaza Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas. The food here is amazing! The portions are gigantic! My favorite dish was the chicken and waffles. If you wake up with a hangover, this place will definitely cure you! I can't imagine how unhealthy the food may be, but it is freakin' delicious!The service however, could've been better. Our server looked like he wasn't enjoying his job very much. But whatever, the food was great.WARNING: Do not order your own dish and expect to eat the whole thing. The portion are extremely large. One dish could fill 1-3 people up, depending on how much they can eat.
5	This place gives you huge portions.  A great spot for breakfast and lunch.  I posted a few pictures of the burgers.  Check out the pics and then stop by and try one.  It was delicious.
3	the food was great, and so was the service; however, the reason this wasn't a 5-star review is because of the dirty silverware. My buddy had crud all over his spoon, and as well, dug out a piece of spinach lodged in his coffee cup. sick! i also didn't care for the "jelly of the day" as the only jelly option. i just wanted some grape jelly, yet the only jelly available was some peach-strawberry abomination. disgusting!
4	Huge portions. Friendly service and large portions of whatever you order. Looking forward to trying more items on the menu when we return. The best breakfast place in the Fremont area.
2	We ate here based on rave reviews. Although the portions were indeed huge, the flavors were  underwhelming. My husband had the portobello mushroom sandwich which was pretty flavorless. I had the salmon salad. The salmon was cooked nicely but the horseradish cream dressing tasted like sour cream. The service was slow and nearly every staff member including the manager walked by the dirty table across from us for nearly 30 minutes before it was finally cleaned. Disappointing.
2	Meh.This place specializes in huge portions of mediocre food. I will say, many many people rave about this place and seem to love it, so I'm definitely in the minority. But, I've eaten here multiple times now and walked away everytime thinking...meh.Your love of this place probably depends on how you judge restaurants. If you like the the theme of huge portions at low prices, it's a fun place to try.BUT, if you are a true foodie and you are looking for flavor, quality, or something that will make you lick your lips with satisfaction, this place just will not do the trick. Nothing here tastes bad, per se. But nothing tastes truly delicious or has you wanting to go back for more.Overall, if you have a picky palate, try somewhere else. You'll just be disappointed in Hash House.
4	Stayed at the Plaza Hotel. The first night we were looking for someplace to eat and little did we know that one of the best restaurants on the old strip. We ate here every day we were in Vegas. Delicious comfort food and massive portions. After our first visit we would only order one dish per two people and it was still more than enough. On top of that, the prices were very fair. Had one of the stuffed burgers the first night. It was good, but nothing compared to the meatloaf sandwich I got the following day to help with my hangover. Best meatloaf sammy I've ever had. On our way out, I picked up the eggs benedict. Perfect food for the drive home. My only issue was that it was always pretty crowded and we usually had to wait, avoid the problem and get the food to go.
2	Super huge portions. Will get sick if you eat it all...lol... Kidding. Ordered a cheesecake but the inside was still uncooked, runny... Yucky. Waitress was kind of rude. Won't go back.
3	Good for a meal "the morning after"... I did not get the hash so I cannot speak to that but my eggs, bacon and asparagus scramble was yummy and the biscuit was ridiculously huge - wished they served it with butter but I refrained from asking for it. Each plate had a sprig of rosemary on it so I felt it was kind of wasteful. The cousin got the pancake - yes only one as it fills the entire plate - see the pic- and is seriously the size of a head! The meals run $11 and up and the portions are grossly huge - just what one needs after a night out on the town.
4	Great corned beef hash !!  This is a lot of food to eat. Really good.  Service is a little slow. Don't asked for any changes on your order, the chef won't do it. I asked if they could change the cheese on my eggs from Swiss to cheddar and was told Chef wouldn't do it.  They will leave items off but won't change things. Food is good !!
1	I really had high hopes for a good meal. We went at breakfast time. We sat in the bar. When we saw what the neighbors next to us had we were very impressed with the presentation. So we ordered. My friend ordered the chicken eggs benedict. Still had high hopes he took a picture. I ordered some kind of Fried Chicken with a biscuit. Neither one fo was impressed. After we left we both thought wow that was horrible especially when I think our bill was $48....Of course we had 2 Bloody Mary's. My friend said it was good. I had never had one so i ordered it. Took me all day to get that taste out of my mouth and I only had a few drinks of it and gave it to him. Oh well no I know. May give them another try some days but I guess that would be if everything else was closed.
2	The food for the rest of my party was excellent and what I expected, but my dish SUCKED!!  I ordered the turkey leftover meal, but got 4 thin slices of turkey.  Measly portion??  At HHAGG?!!  Don't think I will eat there again.  If you offer a holiday special, don't make it the most expensive but chintiesta f***ing thing on the menu!!!  Avoid any specials! Used to be a fan, now a hater of Hash House A Go Go.
3	I was in downtown Vegas for a conference and was stoked to be able to try the Hash House from this location. I have gone to the one in SD many times and wanted to see if they could keep the consistency.The food was okay. I was a little disappointed. The mashed potatoes and the gravy did not taste fresh, kind of tasted like something that came out of a box. The chicken breast was soggy from the frying. It was meh.HOWEVER, their Bloody Mary's are off the hook wonderful! If nothing else go for a bloody and same eggs. Seriously, I would go back just for them. (Notice how I am saying THEY) The mix is just the right amount of spice and they don't go easy on the good stuff. The coffee is good ole diner coffee too. So A PLUS on the liquids.The restaurant is located inside the Plaza Hotel; right in front of the main entrance. This makes it extremely easy to get to, especially if you are wandering up and down Fremont.
2	First off let me say that I love this Place and still go to the one on Sahara Ave but !!We got to the hash house at 10:50 and they refused to serve us breakfast ( breakfast ends at 11:00). The place was almost empty, so I thought it wouldn't be a big deal, but think again. they have a late breakfast menu but it is limited. The waitress got mad at us because our biscuits were rock hard. I do not recommend the biscuits and gravy at this location. I got the sage fried chicken biscuit Benedict, great flavor, very dry chicken, rock hard biscuit, extra plate charge of $2.50 even if you pay $12.00 for a bloody Mary. We got a pancake the size of a throw rug, very good pancakes...  Overall a huge disapointment. I do not recommend this location, go to 6800 W Sahara Ave, better food and way better service!!
1	Definitely the worst Hash House I've ever been to. Meatloaf was great, skillet was awful. Waitress looked like she hated her job and didn't want to serve us. We had a coupon for being hotel guests so we purposely ordered extra, and the waitress and manager said the coupon was for BEFORE TAXES so we were $1.20 short to use the coupon. Coupon didn't say anything about that, and I've never heard of it. We will definitely not be going back to this Hash House ever again! Also, there was an ant on our table, and while we were there another table was complaining to the manager too. Beware!
4	I have eaten at all the Vegas locations and each has its good and bad points. I was surprised however by my visit to this downtown location. I go the Hash House on Sahara quite often, and while I think the food is good, there is always a long wait and you are hearded in like cattle and I feel like an item on a conveyor belt....just serve me and get me out. I don't like to go downtown but my wife found some old coupon she had been given a couple of years ago and we decided to give it a try. I found the atmosphere and condition of the place much better than I had anticipated. The staff was ???homey???really just ordinary people???not sure really how to say it. They spoke to you with familiarity not as a customer which i liked. We laughed and joked with many of the staff and had a good time. Now the COUPON; being old they had never seen it before and it had some special  instructions on how to ring it in the register, but the registers had changed since the coupns day and they had now idea how to make it work. The manager came out and said don't worry I will deal with it and will give the BOGO free offer  either way. She made several phone calls to higher management and really went out of her to make it work when she really didn't have to. On our way out the assistant manger gave us a coupon for a discount on our next visit and his card, and said be sure to call when you are on your way and we wil take care of you. It was a calm, pleasant and more down to earth location than the rest, but I loved it!
5	Most delicious breakfasts I have EVER had!!!  The portions are SUPER huge and can easily feed two people or one very hungry person which is ME so get your own plate lol!!!I was here for two mornings and both mornings I ate here.  One morning I had a "House Hash" which contained fresh mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach.  Fantastic!!!  And the second day I had "Farm Scramble" which contained ground turkey, mushroom & broccoli.  Fabulous!!!I'm coming back to the Plaza later this year for a week long event and I plan to eat ALL my breakfasts here!  They are so filling that all you need is a light dinner and you're good until the next day!  I'm so excited to come back and try all the other other goodies on the menu!
3	Went here mainly because my boyfriend and I were craving some chicken and waffles. Super large portions, good price, food tasted pretty good too. The restaurant itself was pretty home-y (although it could have gone better if the tables didn't resemble medical tables, but I'm just nit-picking here), and our server made sure we felt right at home. The reason for the three stars is that I've only tried one dish, but I will be coming back!
2	They say Go Big or Go Home, but Hash House offers everyone the chance to Go Big and Go Bland.This place offers fun dishes, massive plates, and very little flavor.  They sell themselves as a Midwestern-American eatery.  And the menu is piled up with ginormous plates of meat and carbs in various forms (chicken and waffles, giant burger, chicken and brie sandwich, etc).  The tv show "Man v. Food" helped put this restaurant on the map based on the host's love of the "Chicken Benedict"--which consists of a layer of mashed potatoes with a biscuit, fried chicken, bacon, cheese, spinach, and eggs.  It's huge!  It's famous!  It's okay.  Every which way you turn on this menu is a dish that should be the greatest thing you've tasted--I mean there's nothing "light" on the menu.  But despite all the carbs and butter and fat on the menu, most dishes are simply decent.  The burger -- flavorless ground beef.  The Chicken Benedict -- surprisingly bland.  The egg scrambles -- fresh, but surprisingly plain.  I seriously want to introduce the kitchen to salt and spices.I've eaten here several times because of friend's supposed love of the menu, but I just don't get it.  The restaurant lures customers in with the promise of indulging in "meat and potatoes" piled high.  They've got the quantity right, but the flavor is sadly lacking.Bottom line: Hash House is worth a visit as a culinary curiosity.  But the lack of flavor will prevent most customers from repeat visits.
1	DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION! They have very ignorant & selfish people. Our waiter was a big rude female dog! && when I asked to talk to a manager he was rude as well! I just hope they didn't spit in my food! Save yourself & just go to a different location!
5	Come hungry. Huge portions.I found this on Yelp and was craving a big breakfast.  I was NOT disappointed.  My husband loved it and he is a big breakfast critic.  This was beyond big portions and everything was not only cooked excellently but the presentation was well done as well.My kids could not finish anything, btw.  So I strongly suggest you order 1 item for kids to share.But this is a great breakfast spot!
4	Hash House a Go Go is one of the top brunch spots in Las Vegas, specializing in massive portions of fresh from the farm food with unique culinary twists. And ever since it's feature on Man v. Food, it's become a destination spot for curious foodies like myself. So I couldn't resist this and made then my first choice for breakfast when staying downtown.After much deliberation of the many wonderful-sounding breakfast items, I went for the item they tout as their best-known item, and the one that was featured on Man V. Food - the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. It consists of a HUGE sage fried chicken breast, fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, tomato, mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs, served on a bed of mashed potatoes and a split biscuit. Eyeing the portions of the other dishes - the biscuits and gravy are insanely huge - I knew I was in for a challenge. This thing was RIDICULOUSLY HUGE - see the picture I included. And everything was, for the most part, excellent. However, I really couldn't taste the sage in the fried chicken all that much. Everything gets piled together and mushed together after a few bites. Also, the biscuits were a bit hard and there wasn't enough sauce for them soften up, so they were mostly discarded. Still, I ate about 90% of the plate, and promptly put myself into a food coma. My plans to go over to the Nugget for poker were delayed by a slight nap and digestion period. This is a great foodie "destination spot" and somewhere that you can literally split a plate between two people and both be completely full. I can only imagine the amount of food they throw out here.
4	Ben  "Awesome food. Huge portions. The cornbread sandwich was very good as was the portobello mushroom burger. Only thing keeping it from a five star was the service. Friendly but we didn't see her very often. All in all a good experience."
4	Food is always great here, portion sizes are enough to share. Service has been a little off with our last two visits.
5	AMAZE BALLS! This place is awesome! We ate twice in one weekend. If you have to wait, no worries, its WORTH IT! The food and service was awesome! We had a realy cool guy serving us and giving us a hard time but in a super funny way! The food was all HUGE so be prepared! I are the Best BLT ever in my life. It was the lunch special. Jalepenos and Spicy Bacon. YUM!!Will go back again next time!
3	Came here on a Sunday afternoon. We didnt have to wait for a table, which was great, since I hear the strip location gets packed.  I had the chicken and waffles.  They use the bacon waffle with 2 fried chicken breasts and leeks.  The waffle was great, but the fried chicken was boring.  Definitely needed to be seasoned better.  Tasted like they just dredged it in a little flour and fried it.  Stick with just the bacon waffle and you'll be good.  All portions here are enormous, so its a good place if you're hungry.
4	Went there a couple weeks ago for dinner before a show.  I ordered an appetizer for my meal, my wife ordered the meatloaf sandwich.  I anticipated the sandwich would be more than she could finish, so the appetizer was the right choice.  Meatloaf was tasty, as was the appetizer I ordered.  Had we ordered full entrees, there would have been way too much food (keep that in mind when ordering).  The prices were a little steeper than I wanted (I was looking for a trendy-dinner experience, yet prices were closer to $20+ a plate), but I attribute that to the portion sizes they provide.  Service was ok.  Our waiter hung out behind the bar talking to one of his colleagues a bit more than I would've liked (i.e. we could've used refills on a couple of occasions when he was chatting), but it wasn't overly intrusive.  I'd give this place a 3, but my wife would give it a 4, so I'm rounding up for her.
5	Food was good alot of food big plates two people can share one plate
2	I'm really bummed to give this two stars.  I've been coming to this location since it opened.  I go once every couple of months, but I won't be returning.  It seems that the food quality declines every time I go.  Yesterday, my salad had a few brown, wilting leaves.  The biscuit was delicious, as usual, but they no longer keep the peach jam on the table.  I had to ask the server.  The server finally brought one little side of the jam, even though both my husband and I had a biscuit.  Overall, the service was slow, the food was meh, and I won't be going back.
4	Great breakfast here in the newly renovated Plaza Hotel.  Ate their sage fried chicken & waffles.  Two pieces of perfectly  battered fried chicken with waffles, bacon and tomatoes garnished with fried green onions and a rosemary stem made for a totally satisfying meal.  This dish was huge! The chicken was not greasy at all and had a lightly seasoned with sage batter that came out crispy.  The guy next to me ordered their pork eggs benedict.  The waitress said that there are 18 ounces of chicken fried pork alone in that dish.  She said Adam from Man vs Food ate this dish.Very good value for the money.  I'd eat here again in a heartbeat, but my arteries would probably kill me if I made this a habit.
5	awesome food...huge portions....worth the wait
1	I had what has to be the most awful dining experience of my life at this hash house! It was terrible service, both waitress and manager were rude. We complained about the food being cold and the manager took our breakfast back and microwaved it and had the worst attitude ever about it. We were never offered any refills on our drinks. It was an overall very, very disappointing experience. I wish I could give 0 stars!
4	Had one pancake. That;s all you need the thing is HUGE! Will be by again next time I'm in Vegas!
4	I love to wander around Downtown and look at all the stuff hiding in the corners of the casinos.  In the Plaza, the big hotel / convention center at the corner of Fremont & Main, you can find a pretty standard looking casino, but the eateries in there are far from standard.  The Hash House is a strange Southern/farm-themed restaurant that serves up biscuits and 'hash' skillet scrambles, as well as Southern-style breakfast (chicken & waffles) and comfort food.I went here for breakfast, service was good.  They wouldn't do a turkey substitution on my scramble (I got the jalapeno/chorizo version and thought it tasted pleasantly like a breakfast taco), but the serving was generous and the flavor was good.I'd give it a thumbs up, especially for a morning-after breakfast.  If you're looking for a low-fat snack before yoga though, give it a miss.
4	Before we left for vacation we were watching some show on the Travel Channel and saw this place(the San Diego location actually) and made a commitment to have breakfast here. After a short walk from our hotel to the Plaza we were seated and looking over the bloody mary menu. What better way to deal with a mild hangover than with more booze. I got a BLT bloody mary. This drink comes with lettuce, bacon, toast and a mayo packet so you can make a sandwich with all the trapping you have at your disposal. The bloody mary itself wasn't great but it wasn't bad either. The standout here is the food. We split a scramble with basil and goat cheese. Holy eff I need to be making this at home. Incredible. When I return to LV This will be my breakfast spot. Eat here if you're staying downtown. I promise you will not be disappointed.
5	This place was soooo delicious from the salad to the chicken and waffles, I actually ate there 3 times... definitely going back there next time...
2	Ignore those stars right there.  I know no other way to do this, than to split Hash House A Go Go into two reviews.Review 1: solid 4 stars... maybe even five for the food.Whenever we visit Vegas we eat at Hash House, usually multiple times.  Their fried chicken is the stuff of dreams, and their BLT Blood Mary holds a special place in my heart.  Seriously get that Bloody Mary.  It's a meal in itself.  And the chicken and waffles.... there's bacon in those waffles.  Inside of them.  It's a breakfast miracle!Review 2: 1 star... service.Can I even give service a star when it doesn't even exists at this place?  I image their training manual reads something the the effect of "screw it, I'm drunk".  Now here's your block t-shit, get out there kid!  I honestly do not know how my order is ever taken, and how the heck my food ever makes it to the table,  I believe the kitchen staff must have excellent hearing and have devised a way to cut the floor staff out of the process all together because anything these guys touch goes to crap.  Did you want another beverage?  Well, assuming you ever get the first one, too bad!  You will never see that server again! Someone else will drop off your food and run away from the table.  What's that? only half of your table got their food? Here's the check!Seriously guys, I submit myself to this neglect every time, the food is worth it and I'm on vacation so waiting isn't an issue, but maybe you could try and get your crap together.
3	come hungry! big meals! but prettty good deals...lol but yeah love coming here good tasty food
4	I love going to this place for breakfast. I don't normally like pancakes, but I always order pancakes from them. They have options for both meat eaters and vegetarians, which can be rare sometimes. Keep in mind, the portions are huge, so we usually split an order. The reason I'm not giving this location a five star review is because the service can be pretty bad. The last time we went, we received our check, and she never came back to take it from us. Luckily we paid in cash and did not need change. Most of the servers don't seem very happy to be there. I have only gone to the Hash House in this location, so maybe other locations are better about this.
1	we tried this place and 4 out of the 7 people eating in our party got sick. The restaurant manager tried to claim that food poisoning only happens in 12 -24 hours. Which may be true for salmonella or e. coli, but can happen very fast for things like staph bacteria poisoning. Within 20 minutes, actually. The manager refused to believe us, refused to give us any satisfaction, and when we had to run off to vomit instead of continuing the conversation, yelled more useless facts about salmonella poisoning after us. I'd like to see his food safety certificate, I'm sure it's out of date.Also, the service was deadly slow and the prices expensive. Awful, awful place. Avoid at all cost.
2	I had such high hopes for my dining experience.....unfortunately it was tainted by an allergic reaction to what I will never know was in my bacon, eggs, potatoes and biscuit breakfast.I would however like to return and try the chicken and waffles...this time I'll take some anti-histamines beforehand.
4	food was great. i just had the basic breakfast. i am from Indiana originally so i had to eat here no matter what. i have been hearing about this place for a while.  i stayed at the Plaza for the weekend and totally didn't even know i was staying in the hotel with the Indiana restaurant.  only probably was that was a non smoking restaurant that is in the middle of a smoking casino and has no walls separating it.  weird. service was very strange too.  they didn't seem to care too much about anything.
2	Others in my party wanted to go here, and I had heard mostly positive things about it, so I didn't object.  If you like big breakfast and don't mind paying $15 to $25 per person for it, this place will make you very happy.  Service was good, food was good.So why only 2 stars?  It's not you, it's me.  Personally, I'm not really into going out for breakfast, and when I do, I often get non-breakfast food and I'd rather go someplace inexpensive. When I splash this kind of cabbage around a restaurant, it's because I am getting dinner, and when I eat this quantity of food before 6pm I feel like crap for the rest of the day.  For these reasons, this place wasn't for me.  There are plenty of affordable breakfast options within a 2 block radius of 1 Main Street.  The cheapest thing I found on the menu with any amount of protein - and by any I don't mean very much - was the bacon waffle at about $9.  It was good for what it was, but I wasn't really into it.  With coffee, tax, and tip that's like $14 for breakfast, for something I wouldn't otherwise have ordered.  I didn't see anything else I wanted for under $10, which is my hard breakfast limit.Others in my party seemed very satisfied with their monstrous plates of chorizo and eggs, etc.  and their bacon bloody maries.  Some of them got a waffle on the side as well.  Rolling in coffee, cocktails, tax, and tip, I think most of them were spending around $25 to 35 each by the time they walked out of there.Next time, I'll opt for the Cafe Cortez coffee shop or the Main Street Station buffet.
2	I hate to say anything bad about this place, because the food was so good, but damn the service is sooooo awful!I think we spent a total of 3 hours here! and 3 of our orders were butchered! I ordered the roasted Chicken, garlic, onions, asparagus and rosemary house hash and asked them to add mushrooms to it. They forgot the mushrooms, but that was the least of my concerns after they ruined 3 of my friends meals. One of my friend's ordered Andy's Sage Fried chicken which is one the menu favorites items, and he never got any fried chicken with it! Wtf?! We told the server twice and he still never got his fried chicken....Another friend ordered eggs benedict without bacon, because she is a vegetarian and after sending it back twice, we figured the 3rd time would be the charm and guess what it still had bacon on it.Oh and a 3rd friend ordered a house hash as well and asked for no cheese on it, and they brought it out with a shitload of cheese on it *sigh* We asked for those 2 meals to be removed from the bill, and even that took another half an hour to get taken care of. I had such high hopes for this place and they failed! Such a shame, because no one wanted to waste any time eating there again after all that. Good food, kinda pricey, but terrible terrible slow as hell service.Good luck getting what you actually ordered here! The only thing that I ordered that came out quickly was my breakfast Jameson shot, go figure.
4	Really good food. Excellent, in fact. The portions are huge. Thankfully our server, Bryan, let us know immediately so I could split a meal with my lady. We had the bacon, avocado burger. Excellent. This has become a new must-stop for us when we are in downtown. And we're in downtown a lot.
5	Best tip for this place:  You need to be hungry when you go to the Hash House a Go Go! The portions are huge and the food isn't served on regular plates, it's served on platters. My husband and I both got the farm benedicts. He got the pork tenderloin and i got the sage fried chicken. The sage fried chicken benedict, starting from bottom to top-- spinach leaves, a split biscuit, griddled mashed potatoes, sliced tomato, bacon, fried chicken breast, griddled mozz cheese, scrambled eggs, and chipoltle cream sauce! It sounds odd but it's to die for. I don't think we even made a dent in the food it was so large. Two people can definitely split one meal, maybe even three people. I also had the old school hot chocolate which was topped with 4 huge marshmellows and chocolate sauce. Very good. The service was great and they gave you plenty of time to order. Everything looked so good it was hard to decide. The prices were excellent too especially for a Vegas restaurant in a hotel. For the amount of food we got, 15 dollars per benedict was very good. We probably had enough leftovers for 2 days. This will definitely be our first stop next time we're in Vegas.
5	Our server Monique was very informative and friendly.  When we asked about something on the menu she knew exactly what was in the item in question, with no hesitation wish we came across more servers like her.My husband ordered corn beef on a bed of potatoes that was a HUGE serving and he said it was delicious. Only complaint he had was that they didn't have any hot sauce, but by the way he almost liked his plate clean I doubt it was that big of an issue. I wasn't very hungry so ordered The Tractor Driver Combo  (2 Eggs, Bacon and 1 flapjack)...should have known by the name it was going to be a big serving.  The pancake was so big I only ate half.Was very clean and service was great, and the food was delicious.
1	The waiter said that the sun-dried tomato & artichoke hash was his favorite vegetarian hash, it also happened to be the only. It was bland and pretty much all of the ingredients were tasteless. After asking how the food was and walking off before I could answer, I spent ~20 minutes trying to flag him back down to get something else.The replacement was an equally bland bacon-less version of the original benedict, which was doused in equally bland red pepper sauce, and had a mammoth (and dry) biscuit instead of an english muffin. The waiter happily took away my food when I said that I didn't like it much more than the first dish, but when the check came I was informed that 'his manager' had refused to let him take off two items from the check.When I told him that it was 'okay' and that I'll just never come back, he smiled and said 'sure'.$14 poorer and no less hungry, I left and plan, as I said, to never go back.
4	Large portions of delicious and wholesome comfort foods. This location never has a line when I've been at the Plaza. The only problem I encountered was that wait staff response time is a little longer than other Hash House locations in the valley. I think I waited about 10-12 min before anyone came to collect my check and credit card when it came time to pay. Because of that I'm deducting a star. Otherwise no major complaints because this place is great
3	The portions here are obnoxious. That is the first thing written and noticed about this place. It is their thing. It is an odd thing to have. Personally, I would aim for excellence in food, environment, or something like the same, but HHAGG shoots for ridiculous portions that even the hungriest of Americans find it difficult to finish. (And boy are there some hungry ones out there!) The food is decent enough - better than your average chain restaurant. The decor is sleek. The service is fine. BUT CHECK OUT THE HUUUUUGE PORTIONS!!! OMG! LMAO! JPIA! I have found the dinner to be more appetizing than their breakfast (which is the opposite of what they are known for). The time I tried the highly recommended chicken and waffles, I was underwhelmed. However, I am not really a chicken and waffles type of guy. The dish just perplexes me. The food is satisfying enough, just do not expect to be wowed by anything other than having more food than you can eat. (Which is a good thing.) (I think.) (Sometimes this country confuses the hell out of me.)
4	First the reason for the loss of the star . . . we asked for a table . . . they hostess tried to fit me (a still large man) into a both . . . and we were told there were no tables available . . . even though three were in plain sight . . . with that we opted for the bar.Food was great . . . had the mushroom swiss burger . . . missed the part about it being a poung of ground beef . . . put like a trooper . . . I ate the whole thing . . . but not the side.  This burger was great in a taste way . . . not the oowee gooyee way . . . but pure tast way.Service was great . . . cocktails were very tasty . . . we will devfinitelly be back . . .
5	We started at the MGM grand and were bound for this place located in Old Vegas.  It was as my friend said, "Harld & Kumar's White Castle."  We traveled such a long distance on public transportation to reach our final destination, Hash House A Go Go.  It was as if the place was glowing.Great service, huge portions, tasty food.  We freaking had a photo shoot as soon as our food had arrived.  It was as if the food was Brad Pitt.  Then nothing but silence at our table, because our mouths were full of food.  Tips would be to share your meal, unless you want to have left overs.
4	Brunch day with my cousin!  I woke up wanting to grub on some food and have a few cocktails.  When I thought about brunch, I thought about this place!  I've been fortunate enough to the check out the M Resort location, I suggested we go and try the Plaza hotel location.The look is very consistent to the south location.  You have table tops, you have booths.  Lots of wood and metal lining the tables and walls.  Tables have grains in vases.  It's exactly what they advertise:  Twisted Farm Food (and Decor).  I decided to sit at the bar and was helped by Mandy (blonde bartender).  She was nice and super timely.For brunch, we started with mimosas for $6.95 each.  Served with an orange slice, this drink contains orange juice with lots of pulp, so be advised.  Not a problem for me, but I know some folks don't like pulp.  It still did the trick!  For my meal, I had the popular Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles for $16.95.  This dish was lined with bacon waffles with two huge breast pieces of Sage Fried chicken, accompanied with fried leaks, hot maple caramel reduction and a sprig of rosemary.  The chicken was amazing!  Super juicy for a breast, the batter was crunchy and seasoned very well!  Home run for me :)  another home run was the bacon waffles.  There's not just bits of bacon, but entire strips of bacon!  The syrup was on point, thick and sweet and really enhanced the overall flavor!!  What I didn't like was the fried leaks.  They were everywhere and made the plate look super sloppy.  Thank goodness they were edible because they kept getting in all bite.  Little irritating but not a huge deal.  What was a huge deal for me was the fact that my cousin's dish came out and I waiting more than 5 minutes until my dish came out.  I understand her dish was just a scramble, however, they should be aware of ticket times so the entire party gets their meals at once.  Other than that, I would still return to this place.  What I've learned about Hash House is that it's affordable and really packed with flavor.  The crowds of people that wait for a table, no matter the location, is proof that this place rocks!  If you're downtown, come on by and check this place out!
4	This place was on my list to check out in DTLV...and it was pretty good. Service was slow, even though only myself and 3 other tables were there, but the food came and I was happy. Huge portions of standard-faire breakfast items...of course had hashbrowns. It is located right in the front of the Plaza casino and is nice to envision Old Vegas here, that's why I like the Plaza. Basically drunk food, but in a good way.
5	We had the opportunity of being served by Rochelle who explained menu portions and her personal favorites. We took her advice on the Sage Chicken & Waffles, as well as the chicken and hash chorizo! We were stuffed beyond measure. Thank you Rochelle for an enjoyable dining experience! If you stop by ask for Rochelle, she will take good care of you!
2	I ate at the Sahara location years ago and remember it being very delicious & a nice menu of different items to choose from. Well a few months back I tried the downtown location and was truly disappointed. Food was not as good as I remembered and service was horrible. I don't think I will be eating at this location again.
2	My husband and I went for breakfast. The first time we both had the basic breakfast and everything was great. The service was very attentive and we were so pleased we decided to visit again. Unfortunately, we did not have a great experience the 2nd time. I ordered two side orders...biscuit and gravy and scrambled eggs. My husband ordered oatmeal.After about 10 mins. a couple came in, were seated, ordered, and received their meals of pancakes before we got our food. Our server never said a thing as to why our food was taking so long. He came with more coffee, but it was cold. When the food did arrive, I asked why the food took so long and he said they had to bake the biscuits. Are you kidding me? Needless to say, we will never go to this place again. Not worth it...there are plenty of other places looking for business.
4	Located in The Plaza Hotel Casino in Downtown Las Vegas. So this place is a little nuts. The portions are huge. With all of that the food is great and interesting. I had the duck breast it was a little chewy but still very good. The only issue is the price of drinks, they are downtown (otherwise known as the land of cheep drinks) and they should drop the prices accordingly. If you find yourself downtown and want something fun give this place a whirl. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	The flapjacks here are bigger than your head!  100% recommend getting the brown sugar banana flapjack!  And just one flapjack is big enough to share!  We had super fast and friendly service. :D  Loved this place.
5	The food is huge here and absolutely delicious,the service fantastic, the hostess was very helpful with a bit of extra special attentive to us also with a tat of history about the place,I had 14in. flapjacks w/ banana cook inside, with scramble eggs,one chicken sausage,the little lady had french toasts w/ cook open face banana w/ pecans on top.Parking can be a problem downtown,but if you park at the Plaza Hotel parking lot its $5.00 take your ticket give it to your hostess get validation then you have to take your ticket to the hotel cashier cage to get your money back........that's a lot of work we 're going to try one of the other two Hash House A Go Go where there is free parking.
2	Why do some people love this place? The food is a greasy mess of heart stopping crap. Yeah, yeah the portions are huge but if it's crap, who cares? The grilled cheese sandwich was OK but the cheddar potatoes on the side were a tasteless mess other than the cheese. My buddy got some sort of breakfast covered with white gravy that looked like an Exxon oil spill. If all you want is a food orgy, knock yourself out but in Vegas, there are so many better choices. I should have gone across the street to Du Par's.
4	My BFF had nothing but great things to say about the food here, so the next afternoon after a crazy night out in Vegas, we decided to give this location a try!They have a great selection of food here and everything just sounds so mouth watering (especially if you are hanging like we were!).  I decided to go for the chicken salad sandwich with salad and my friend got the chicken and waffles, which she said she always gets cause it's that darn good!Her food came out first and I waited about another 10 min before I got my food.  When I did, I was not disappointed!  My sandwich was HUGE! I had to take a minute to wrap my head and mouth around it.  But, it was DELICIOUS!  I also tried some of my friend's chicken and that was delicious as well.  The amount of food we got for the price was well worth it.  We both had leftovers, which we munched on later.  Everyone thanked us as we left, which was really nice and pretty rare to see that everyone stops to thank you for your business as you leave.
5	Was there 8/23/13 and 8/24/13 Best breakfast, great service and better food. It's worth the time or drive any day of the week. Banana pancakes my wife enjoyed  and the country fried steak was  great.
5	During my week stay at the Plaza I must have eaten here at least 6-8 times.  The portions are INSANE but this girl knows how to eat so I wasn't worried.  That being said...I was NEVER able to finish my food and since the hotel rooms don't have a fridge or microwaves the left overs just go to waste.  The service was always wonderful...such a friendly and courteous staff.  I even had several waiters pose in pictures for me.  During my visits I had a meatloaf sandwich, farm scrambles, pasta, chicken...just a variety of dishes.  I loved everything I ordered.  If you're staying at the Plaza this will be your "go to" restaurant and you won't be disappointed!
1	Rude manager, her name is Kara. Report her!!! If she doesnt like to work with people why is she even working there.
1	Terrible service. I got a seat right away and he took my order but after 30 minutes, my food didn't come and no one came to update me that it was on the way. It wasnt even that busy.  When I started to get antsy, I couldn't even find anyone to complain to!  So I just left.
2	Second time in two days eating here as we are staying at the Plaza. Our first server was excellent but this morning our server is trying to handle five table at once and we only seem him once. As soon as we for seared he got quadruple sat, a suffers term. He never check on us to see if we needed more coffee or if everything was alright with our meal. In still waiting for the check and some one to remove my dirty dishes that been in front of me for 8 minutes. Good food but our server is whack and concerned  about quantity and not quality
2	Wait way too long for mediocre food and moderate service to iffy service.  Not to mention LOUD.  I get that it's Vegas in a casino, but c'mon.  Too loud to even talk normally.  Not worth a special trip.
5	My husband and I loved the very nice presentation of the food. The biscuits were very tasty as well as was the chicken and meatloaf. We will try the stacked foods next time. Great place to eat at. Staff was great and very attentive.
5	I saw this place on the Travel Channel and said "If I ever get to Las Vegas, I'm eating there."    Last week my friends and I finally went to Las Vegas for a week vacation and made it a point to eat here... and it was the BEST meal we had the whole trip!The size of the plates alone took up 1/4 of the table.  The amount of food you get is absolutely ridiculous.  Plus the honey biscuits they give you... OMG they have to be a pound apiece.  I had the famous chicken and waffles and almost had an orgasm at the table.  The waffles had bacon cooked into them and the fried chicken was perfection.  It had real maple syrup on it too, not that fake crap.  My friends got meatloaf and stuffed hamburgers.  All you heard during dinner was "Ohhh my god this is soooo goooood!".  Our waiter was awesome and gave us the souvenir drink glasses for free.  I wanted to try the bacon bloody mary but my tummy was telling me NO!!!!The prices were more reasonable then I thought they would be.   For 2 people to eat like pigs and bring more than half the food home, along with drinks, was only $37.  After dinner we waddled back to our hotel and laid in the hot tub for a few hours to digest.  Then after a few hours of drinking and gambling, we ate our leftovers and they were even better!  LOLI've heard they just opened a new location in Chicago and I'm definitely going to find it!  Hmmm, maybe I shouldn't or I'll be broke and weigh 400 pounds!
5	What huge portions! I got the blueberry and pecan pancake which was honestly about 12 inches in diameter !! No joking !  And my girl had the bisquits and gravy, also a HUGE portion. Food is very good! A must go if you stay downtown.  And the prices are good as well
3	Average at best.  Slow service.  Big potatoes which are nice.  I suggest 4 people coming and sharing 3 meals for hungry eaters.  The flap jack is a bit doughy.  All in all decent breakfast and large portions for the price.
4	We went on a Monday afternoon, no wait to be seated and helped by our helpful server. The menu seems smaller there than on their website. He chose the sage chicken Benedict and I chose the pork tenderloin Benedict. We both chose the famous Blt Bloody Mary, it's served with dry toast and mayo and garnished with Blt. The glass' lip is lined with what tastes like imitation bacon. It was disappointing but aside from that the experience was pretty enjoyable.
5	I dont know how they do it but no other place can u get so much DELICIOUS food at such i low price. I go to Vegas every month and this is always our go to place. The service is wonderful and they give u way to much food.I just wish that they had half portions available i feel so bad about the amount of food that gets wasted here its ashame. We've had breakfast,lunch and dinner here never a bad experience.
1	the original is bad and i'm mad at myself for letting a friend drag me to the plaza location against my better judgment.  i'm giving the place one star because there is no ability to give it a zero.  answer me this: how can mashed potatoes with cheese and bacon have no flavor?  it's really an amazing feat but hhagg pulls it off.  the meatloaf sandwich also suffers the same fate.  these dishes could actually be edible if the cook would discover salt and pepper.  my buddy (who is much less picky than me) was suckered into the chicken and waffle dish.  I previously made that mistake, but given his forgiving taste buds, I chose not to steer him clear.  the highlight of the evening was when he commented that the field of fried leeks piled on the dish tasted like hay.  he then proceeded to ask the server if the owner of hhagg also owned a rosemary farm.  priceless.
3	After having a great experience on a previous trip we just had to go back.The menu is pretty small but pretty much everything is good and the portions are HUGE!  One order can feed two people.They do have a late nite menu but the portions are slightly smallerThe reason for the 3 stars was the lack of service.  Although the food tasted great the wait time between the first order and last was at least 30 minutes and we all ordered at the same time.  Some orders did not have fruit even though on the menu it clearly states that it's supposed to have it.  Was told by the waiter that on that particular order does not come with it.  After requesting for a refill on water our waiter passed by our table 4 times avoiding eye contact until he came by with the pitcher of water.I'm not sure how good the service is on breakfast but the service for a Saturday night was pretty bad.
2	Worst dining experience in recent memory, but not because of the food or service. About 5 minutes into our breakfast, the music was suddenly cranked up to ear-splitting levels. No kidding, I've been to rock concerts that weren't that loud. We asked the hostess and our server if they could turn it down, but nothing happened. Finally, we talked to an assistant manager who blatantly told us that the GM deliberately cranked up the music to get people to leave because they had a 45-minute waiting list. Okay, I have to commend her on her honesty, but I can't believe that she actually said that. It appeared that the staff is none too happy with the GM's creative approach to customer service, since they can't even hear their customers while trying to take orders. Ironically, there wasn't really even a 45-minute waiting list. There were three names on the list and no line of people waiting to get in. I don't know where this "manager" learned his/her customer service skills, but a refresher course may be in order. We're locals and love Hash House A Go Go. We have visited the one in the Plaza before with no problems, but we won't be going back. The management there probably doesn't care, though, because it is in a casino, so most of its business comes from tourists. They aren't concerned with pleasing locals or gaining repeat customers. Clearly their bottom line is fast turnover to make money, period.
2	I came here for only one thing, to try out their Bloody Mary. There's so much talk on the internet about their Bloody Mary. So what's cool? They make their own mix. That's respectable. But it's ok, not great. They serve it with low quality vodka which you can ask for a higher quality but I decided to stick with their formula. I really did think it would have tasted better with a higher quality vodka like Grey Goose. Regardless, this is not a Bloody Mary I would go out of my way to come and drink.
3	OK, as stated before we are big HHAGG fans but the last two times, while here in Vegas, not so much.  This time orders were wrong, 2x, things forgotten, long waits for orders.  This is sad for us.  This place was unique and so good before they exploded with so many locations.
1	The place wasn't busy but having a horrible time with service.  Never did know who are actual server was, as one person took order, one person delivered coffee, and the manager brought one breakfast for my sweetie, and I had to wait about 5 mins. for mine.  Food?  If you like a big (awful) doughy biscuit that looks like it came out of the pillsbury doughboys butt, then this is the place for you.  Ham, spinach, cheese scramble had a big glob of partially melted cheese on top with a few leaves of raw spinach thrown on to complete the order.  We will never go back.
5	Love this place!!! Its always clean and the staff is very nice and helpful. I love the BBBBLT with seasoned fries. I always have to get a to go box!!! My husband gets the griddle eggs and bacon with smashed taters. The taters are very tasty. So worth coming.If you go to this location of course your going to pay $5.00 for parking. But, if you eat at the Plaza as we did they will validate it and then take it to the main cashier cage and you will get your $5.00 back.
1	My friend and I decided to give HHAGG yet another chance and this trip was the deciding factor I will never eat there again. Service was HORRIBLE, 1. Waitress dragged her feet walking to the table, didn't even get greeted for at least 5 minutes, looked like she was still half asleep, didn't smile, NOO customer service at all. 2. Asked to start off with two waters, started to also ask for a Bloody Mary, she walked away before we could get the words out, even when we tried to grab her attention. (Fastest she moved all morning) 3. When she finally returned with waters I asked what types of vodkas she had, she didn't know, my date literally got up and walked to the bar to check it out, because waiting for her would have taken to long.  3. I asked for extra olives in my BLT Bloody Mary, was told no because there was no way to charge for it.... I didn't really think my request was to out of line but moving on. 4. Received my Bloody Mary, asked for worchestire sauce, she replied, ooo I don't know if I can get that.... Again... What?!?!? 5. Asked another server for worchestire sauce... Never came. 6. At one point the server said I'm sorry I worked until 1 last night and then was rescheduled at 8 this am. And while I understand that this situation sucks, I didn't make the schedule, or come to a place of business to receive slow, bad service. (She told all her tables this sob story) 7. My food came out cold. At this point I knew my date was already at wits end so I decided not to say anything else. But it wasn't even like sort of warm, it was cold. 8. When we mentioned our dissatisfaction to the manager he kind of seemed lost and confused. He did offer to comp two bloody Mary's (which we later had to have removed from the bill because our waitress charged us for them) 9. Our waitress never even came by to check if everything came out well after our food was delivered. 10. I unfortunately did not get the food runners name. But he was the ONLY part of this visit that was a positive experience, when he brought out the food he was happy energetic asked if we needed anything else, he also cleared our plates when we were finished. And I had asked him for the manager he actually came back to the table to tell me he notified the manager, and came back a second time to double check the manager came by. (With no disrespect, he was the African American food runner for the morning shift on 11/16/2013, he would make a great waiter) Again, this was the last time I would eat at hash house, worst dining experience by far.
4	Wow they are not stingy lol they serve huge portions!!!! Definitely getting your money's worth :D Had a burger and my bf had a chicken Benedict both of which were like I said HUGE and super yummy :) We were there for dinner and with a $40 comp which fed 3. Myself, my bf and my brother. We got the comp from Las Vegas Club. We gambled there and they comped us $40 for Hash House at the Plaza. Go go go!
1	So very disappointed, everyone brags about this place...got seated right away, took a long while till we got asked about our drinks, just coffee. Finally brought to our table, hubby ordered corned beef  eggs, biscuit. Took forever and a day to get his order, the waiter simply forgot mine, brought hubby a large plate with his meal...I told him not to wait his food would get cold, as I watched him eat, the waiter finally came back to see how we liked it...I asked when my order as coming, he said you did not order anything, I clarified that indeed I had and that he was suppose to give the avocado part to my husband, which he never received. He say oh oh hey yeah oh wait I will bring it now, we waited another 10 minutes then I told the waiter forget the order. He said no I will bring it right now, I insisted no. So I tried to share some of my husbands breakfast, yuck if I had wanted hash I would have ordered hash, biscuit was hard and bland, no butter no jelly. Nada... Will NOT be going back after all the raves. From fam and friends nope wont to ever again.Was not impressed if I want a tree of rosemary on my plate I can stay home for that, I have a rosemary bush outside. Blahh
1	Very, Very disapointed in this place. I ordered Pancake, Eggs, bacon. The pancake was ok, the eggs were burnt they were all brown, the bacon was way over done. There prices for breakfast are way way to expensive, especially when the breakfast was nothing special. The service wasn't great either, the guy kept coming to my table like 100 times asking me if everything was ok, I guess they dont believe in silent service or letting someone try to eat there overpriced breakfast in piece.
3	OK place with big portions.  The wait staff is crap...must be the management teaching them how to be crappy...or trying to make more of a buck.  The food comes in high quantity...but not quality.  I can do without the mashed potatoes, biscuits, and iceberg lettuce.  My Cobb salad was kinda smallish.  No butter for the biscuits.  No sweet-n-low.  I've been to the original in San Diego and it was really good there.  Something must be up with management or something here.  We ate here twice...but will look elsewhere.   In the hotel.  We were warned of a wait at certain times.
4	Great food and service.  Tried the Man vs Food meal and it was HUGE! The chipotle the sauce is amazing!!! they use fresh ingredients, no hormones... and you can really taste the difference. I have to go back and try the chicken and waffles. They have a special on Tuesdays for it.
3	I want to give it 5 stars because the food was absolutely delicious. Perfect for sharing in a big group or even taking some home to remember what a great meal you had. Our waiter however on the other hand was horrible. He didn't write down our orders, some of which had changes to what was listed on the menu. As a former server, making sure your guest gets their order right the first time is key. Not forgetting what was said, coming back twice to correct it and still bring the meals out incorrectly. What was even more frustrating was that we didn't get our drinks filled as needed or when we asked for extra plates, condiments, etc we were forgotten, or had to ask several times, including asking other servers for help because ours was no where to be found. Also, we were charged for items we didn't ask for and also were charged for BBQ sauce that was not BBQ sauce. The hash house in the quad hotel and casino was a bust service wise, however the food was delicious.
3	It was my husbands birthday and he had been pestering me to bring him here so what the birthday boy wants, the birthday boy gets. It was pretty slow, it was a Tuesday night so there were only about 3 other tables occupied. We were seated quickly and our server came out right away.The menu itself is not very big. For drinks we both decided on the mango iced tea. It was decent but I don't think I'd order it again. I decided to go with the bacon, avocado, cheddar burger, my three favorite ingredients combined, I couldn't resist. After asking for our more than helpful servers opinion, my husband decided to go with the kokomo. About 10-15 minutes later our orders came out, we were surprised to see the fairly large portions. My mouth was watering, longing to take that first bite. As soon as I sank my teeth into my burger I was let down. The burger was so bland, I couldn't taste any seasonings at all. It was a total let down, I couldn't eat half, I politely took the remainder of the burger home only to throw it away. The fries on the other hand were some of the best I've ever had. I don't think I'll be stopping by again any time soon. Next time I think I'll try the breakfast to be on the safe side. We had great service and decent food minus the burger.
5	My husband and I went here on a whim after we missed the local breakfast buffets. Holy. Moly. Why haven't we come here sooner?? EAT HERE NOW. Our server Alfie was amazing. His service was timely and suggestions were spot on. This place DOES have the best chicken and waffles we have ever had. We also had the French toast - uhhhh YUM. Shared hot chocolate and the caramel mocha. Both sooo good. If you want tasty food, great value, and great service, come here!! And ask for Alfie.
4	Always have liked this place... Portions are HUGE! Each plate had a tree of rosemary skewering it. The honey buttermilk busicuits are to die for. My friends said their pot pie was a little bland... But it came with a huge hat shaped pie crust and that mostly made up for it.
5	Alfie our server Alfie was awesome. We had the sage chicken eggs Benedict as featured on man vs food. Holy shit it was good. Mother in law had the banana French toast. She loved it. Come here!!!!!!!!
3	Perfect Bloody Mary. First time coming here and I only tried a few bites of food but I did try the corned beef hash. It was served hot and a great change of pace having shredded fresh corned beef with cheese. It's like a breakfast Ruben. The potatoes were OK, they aren't what I like. I like fresh potatoes not ones from a bag...Bloody Mary is pretty good though!!!
3	This location is inside of the Plaza hotel.  We had been walking around Fremont and needed to feed the beast.  It was our first visit to Hash house and had noticed many yelpers pictures of the huge portions.  Needless to say I was going to try it out! We were greeted by a very upbeat and spunky hostess.  Upon being immediately seated, our waiter was there to get our drink orders.   I will say their service was top notch and perfect!  Our drinks never went empty and the waiter was the definition of great customer service.   After ordering our food, it was out in the blink of an eye!  I had ordered the Cobb Salad.  Yes, this huge portion was more than I could handle.  It was definitely something I could have shared.  But the salads flavor and ingredients were just ok.  It was filled with plenty of lettuce but kinda skimped on the toppings.  The ratio was way off.  The chicken that was on the salad seemed to be out of a can.  Bummer.   I would have though they would have seasoned it before putting it on the salad but I was wrong.  Yes, their servings are enormous but then lack in quality.  Service deserves all of the praise!
5	Great Food!!! Huge portions!!! No wait, same great food and service. Had the Kokomo Sandwich (meatloaf) and it was amazing, also had a basic breakfast -at only 8.95 it's a steal!!! The biscuits are TO DIE for!
5	It really is THAT good. Size of portions are huge, do split them. Great service, I believe his name was John, very friendlyand knowledgable.
5	I need help walking back to my hotel. I am not able to finish half of my plate. This is hands down the best meal that I have had in Vegas. The prices are very reasonable and the service is phenomenal. Tina is knowledgeable of the menu and attentive. Definitely a do again!
3	We have been to 3 other Hash House rest. & the downtown one was the worst. Service was bad, toast came way after eggs, coffee was  late & had to ask second time for it. Lettuce in salad was yellow, pecans sparse, slow service. We won't be visiting that one again. Go to the M location. Very nice.
3	So I just may have had too high of hopes for this one, but Hash House A Go Go at the Plaza hotel in downtown LV was just okay.We went in for brunch at around 10AM and there was no wait for 6 people. Our server was quick and answered all of our questions about the menu. Before we knew it our order was in and food was on the table. The huge plus about this place, besides the fast service, was the portions. You can easily share an entree between two people (and probably still have leftovers). Unfortunately the food did not wow me as I had hoped it would.Hearing so much about the sage fried chicken and waffles I didn't even need to look at the menu to know what I wanted. Maybe the cook was having an off day or maybe this location was not the right one to try, but what arrived was less than noteworthy. The sage gave the chicken breading a unique flavor unfortunately once I cut into the chicken (which I believe was a boned thigh) all of the breading fell off the chicken making it a big skin, syrup, mess with flavorless chicken. The waffles had strips of actual bacon in them which would have been pretty awesome if the bacon was cooked a bit more.Nothing really memorable here and no raves from our group.  Next time I'm in Vegas I might go back, to try something else at a different location.Pros: Quick and helpful service, huge portions, decently priced.Cons: The food.
4	if you're looking for a BIG breakfast than this is the place for you.  The chicken benedict was masive but delicious and the hash dishes were wxcellent.  This is a "stick to your ribs" kind of restaurant.  Add a bloody mary if you're recovering from a wild night.
3	I was very disappointed with our meal at this restaurant. Not only was it an inconvenient walk from our hotel room, but it was very hard to get connected to the restaurant. Once I did call, the man who took my order was incredibly friendly and when I picked up my food he was very helpful and made sure to label everything and included extra sauces and utensils. The food was okay. My Caesar salad was a definite disappointment. The dressing was horrible, the chicken was good, and the lettuce was warm and on the verge of wilting.My boyfriend ordered Andy's Sage Fried Chicken & Bacon Waffle. It was all right, but was over-priced.
3	Pros: It's across the plaza and a good location and portions are huge!Cons: The price, and depends on what you get.Food Experience:I was expecting something better when I ordered the HH special Benedict. It was not that great when I realized its sauce, mash potatoes on top that with large biscuits two thick slices of tomato, a sunny side up egg and more sauce. It was alright honestly.Conclusion:Overall don't go here if you're not gonna get the chicken and waffles. It's a brunch/breakfast joint as well. It's worth it at least once to see such large portions.
2	My expectations were high and the food was just so-so. Got the chicken and waffles.  Chicken was pretty good, waffles not so great.  Don't feel the need to revisit.
1	Three words:  oversized, overprocessed and overpricedThat really sums it up and there is nothing else to say, but if I don't type more, Yelp won't add this as a review b/c its too short.No desire to ever eat at Hash House again.
5	So good dont know why others are hating on it was so tasty and huge portions!
4	Great food, good prices and LOTS of it. Had pork and the chicken and waffles (you have to do that if you visit here). Be prepared for huge amounts of goodness. Good service too. Located inside the Plaza Hotel on Fremont and Main. Open way late.
5	This is our last day here in Las Vegas and I wish that I would have found this place sooner. This place is SOOO GOOD!!!! Great atmosphere, great waitress, fast service and the food is SOOO GOOD!!!! Try the banana brown sugar flap jack - the best! Reasonably priced and family friendly, too.
5	Delish! Enjoyed every bite. Service was great. Worth the cost - got 2 meals out of it.  Highly recommended.
3	if you are a breakfast enthusiast and/or a lumberjack, this place will amaze you. but if you're like me and don't like to go overboard on your breakfast portions, Hash House scores a "mehh.."i've eaten at a different Hash House several times before, and i usually opt to share one of their dishes with another person because the serving sizes are ginormous.the service was great, but the breakfast and lunch dishes are literally stacked with ingredients, and some of the dishes my family ordered looked more like 3 meals combined into one. for example: my brother's "bacon + eggs + potatoes + hash browns + biscuit + gravy + omelette + chicken benedict" aka "the WTF" (served with a knife through the top and some sort of sage plant pierced through the biscuit).all i needed for a satisfying breakfast was a hot cup of coffee and their french toast, which was actually delicious and not too huge of a portion. thankfully, they did not overkill the french toast as they did with the others' meals.-civilities.
1	This is the absolute worst meal I've had in Vegas.  4 of us ordered, 4 of us barely touched the food, 4 of us disappointed.  Will not be visiting any of their other locations either.
2	After getting off a redeye to Vegas with two girlfriends, we were extremely hungry and in need of coffee.  Stopped by because some friends told us that this was THE place to go.  First off, it's a pretty nice restaurant...for where it's located.  It was clean and there was no line (7 am in Vegas, go figure).  They get a start for that.When I say that we were extremely hungry, we were.  But the portions of food are SO extreme, I don't know how anyone finishes their plate there.  This is the restaurant of gluttony.  The three of us could have shared one meal and still had leftovers.Other than having a massive amount of food, there's nothing special about this place.  The biscuit was rock hard and tasteless, the hash was nothing special, and the potatoes were MEHHH at best.  The food took almost 25 minutes to come out.I'll never go again and definitely not recommended.  Especially for you Hawaii people who know a good hash.
4	How can anyone dislike this place? Huge portions, good food and good service. Just found it by accident and was very satisfied. Portion was so big and tasty I couldn't stop. Had to when I started to sweat. And great beer selection to top it off.
5	5 stars is not enough to rate the Hash House. Seriously the wait was non existent, servers were helpful and friendly and the food left me speechless. My bf and I both ordered the 18oz rib eye. That's 18 whole ounces served on a bed of pumpkin mashed potatoes. The steak was cooked perfectly and tender and flavorful!! This was an amazing experience love it!!!
2	First let me say the food was great. I had a large group from out of town that wanted to eat downtown and I suggested hash hash a go go. When we went to settle up instead if asking for separate checks(pain in the @$!) I asked the waiter to apply cash a a specific amount on my credit card. He made a mistake and charged my card three times the amount. He fixed it and we left giving him a 20% cash tip. To my surprise the initial charge was taken/held from my bank and when calling the manager Leilani she was not pleasant. I am very patient and she interrupted me and basically said call your bank on Monday and they will release the hold. She gave the obligatory I'm sorry but was rude and said we hold 20% on top of the total regardless.. we left our server cash. If you are going to hire people in a management role hash hash make sure they receive empathy training because this manager was void of it! What if I really needed that money over the weekend? Not returning to this location.
4	One of the most outstanding breakfasts I've had!. The service was a little slow but the wait was worth it! The Siracha cream sauce was outstanding!
5	Service was great!! We were going to order two orders of the chicken and waffles but the waiter recommended us getting just one because the portion was huge. That was nice of him!!! Waffles were thick and amazing, the chicken was nice and crispy but I like it seasoned so I added some salt and pepper. Also, I had a mimosa and that too was great. I would come back once more.
4	If you're in Vegas you definitely have to check out Hash House. The portions are enormous and the prices are just right...I recommend the tractor combo with the French toast
5	Kicks traditional breakfast up 100 notches. So good, different if you choose and a fair price. Location cannot be beat. Plaza hotel has come so far pretty fast. Check it out and avoid the overpriced buffets downtown. A much better deal.
5	This place absolutely rules. I got the man vs food favorite and it was the breakfast of dreams
4	The true LV experience! Please note... 1 pancake feeds 2-4 people easily. They are 14" pancakes. Great presentation of food and very reasonably priced for all that you get. I got the basic breakfast for ($8/9?) and could barley finish it. Must try this place out.
2	So far I've eaten at hash enough times to where I could be an expert on all things hash house. This particular spot has the same amazing food I know and love but the staff is a little less than good. Ordering is difficult. Be simple.....otherwise the heads may explode.
5	We went here for breakfast on Friday morning. Delicious! Loved the homemade biscuits and jam. The country potatoes were very yummy too!
5	Wow !! The Sage Fried Chix Benedict dish was ORGASMIC !! Huge and I ate the whole thing ( Never ate the rest of the day) Every bite uncovered bacon or eggs or a biscuit, this is a close to glutanny as one could get and walk away unscathed !! This dish was a work of art and the chef a rockstar in my mind, wish I took a photo of it !! I will return and you should too !! Plaza charges 5 bucks to park but get the tix validated and the main casino cage gives you your 5 spot back !! "Nuff said !!!
5	Food was amazing!  Huge portions! The server we had was really nice and kept my drink filled the whole time!
5	Came in a few weeks ago with my sister... the food is amazing!! The portions are huge and again the food is fantastic!!  Well worth having to deal with downtown! The parking at the Plaza is kind of crappy, but that has nothing to do with the restaurant! (just a tip: if you drive a truck, you may want to consider using valet. we didn't and the parking garage is really tight). I will definitely be back, great place to eat, fast service, and great quality food!
1	We visited HH while in Vegas because of the great reviews. We went on a Friday mid morning. The service was absolutely horrible. I had to ask another wait staff to find our designated waitress because we had waited for 10 minutes without seeing her to greet us our take a drink order. Then she disappeared again. The bartender brought us our drinks. Again, I had to ask another server to find our waitress so we could order food which took forever to arrive. (I think she didn't submit the order timely). The food was okay but lacked flavor. Everything seemed pretty bland, even the red pepper cream sauce lacked flavor. Not at all a pleasant dinning experience.
3	I'll keep this short and sweet since we ate here twice in 4 days. It's convenient, but admittedly feels over priced. The food didn't seem like anything special to me, but the portions are huge. The staff is slow. We were the only two people sitting at the bar and we didn't see our waitress again after she dropped off our food. The second time we were in a booth and had to ask three separate people for coffee refills. I can't say I'm very impressed.
5	Do you love bacon?  Do you love 'Merica?  If yes come here.  Huge portions, definitely was full splitting a meal (and I'm a big guy)Delicious chicken and waffles (with bacon mixed into the waffle batter and chicken batter, I didn't even know that was possible).  Fried chicken benedict was pretty good too, this thing is massive.Service was great.Coffee was ok.Prices were very reasonable, $10-15 per plateAll in all, great experience.
4	Rolled into Vegas for a girls weekend and looked up the best place for Bloody Mary's.  We went straight to Hash House A Go Go in downtown.  I followed the servers recommendations and ordered the BLT Bloody Mary and the Chicken and Waffles.  You will not leave hungry, the portions are HUGE! The BLT Bloody Mary comes with toast and mayo on the side and bacon lettuce and tomato in the drink.  It was like getting a little appetizer with the drink, I loved it.  The chicken and waffles were beyond huge.  The waffles were stuffed with bacon, what a great idea I am so trying that at home.  Overall the food was good, the Bloody Mary was great and the staff were all friendly and attentive.  Oh, don't let the environment (run down area) dissuade you, the restaurant is clean and enjoyable.
5	Great tasting food! Bloody marys are hot and spicy! They have fresh house made strawberry jam ...and it went a home made biscuit. You get a lot of food for a good price.
4	I've heard a lot about this place so I decided to give it a chance while I was in Vegas. We went in and waited about 15 min to be seated. Finally got in, and we were attended quickly. The menu was a bit overwhelming, but I was able to narrow down what I wanted. It was about noon so they were serving breakfast and brunch. I ordered biscuits and gravy, and my boyfriend ordered the hammered tenderloin pork sandwich. The portions are HUGE (I took a pic). I also ordered a mimosa and it was delish. It was good food, but nothing to boast about. Maybe I need to try something else but it can be overwhelming because it's a lot of food. It was worth the wait, and I would go back!
1	Larry was our server. Please change stations. I'd even wait an extra 20 minutes to do so. How can a place of "hash house" dare call country potatoes has browns. Are you kidding me? When a customer orders you probably shouldn't assume they want something other than what they actually ordered. Over priced half wits!
4	Hash house never disappoints. Martha was super nice and handled a busy morning very well. If you need a place to eat downtown Vegas, hash house is definitely a place to go!
1	I ate here a few years ago at the Henderson location, and it was good.  Not great, but good enough to try again.  This time we ate at the downtown location in the Plaza hotel/casino off Fremont street.  I ordered the HH Original Eggs Benedict.  Presentation was dramatic, as usual, but the food was disappointing.  Bed of mashed potatoes were good but nothing remarkable.  Tasted like a homemade mash with little or no cream/butter and skins left on.  Then on top of that were two halves of a biscuit.  Bottom half was hard as a hockey puck.  I was about to call the waiter over to take it back but then I cut into the top half, and it was soft.  No intention of eating all those carbs, so let it go.  Tomato was under ripe and spinach leaves were cold and crispy.  Eggs were poached perfectly. Bacon was thin and just okay.   "Red pepper cream" poured over the top was uninspired.  My companion ordered the smoked salmon egg white scramble with fresh fruit.  Strawberries were pink and white.  Not red.  Not ripe at all.  Pineapple was good.  She enjoyed the hash, but I thought it smelled horrible.  I don't like strong fish scents, especially for breakfast.  Will definitely not be back.
4	My wife and I came here after a show on the Strip and drinks at the Fremont Experience and it was the perfect end to the evening, at least for me. We were both craving a snack and a cocktail waitress recommended Hash House. Funky decor and vibe to match the clientele. Apparently, we were sitting in the booth where Neil Patrick Harris ate. I didn't see his autograph, but my wife tells me it was there.We just wanted a snack of some kind. I was disappointed in the small dessert menu, but I followed my wife's lead and got the biscuit and added the gravy. My wife suddenly took ill from a long night and we had to change our order to go. The waitress was awesome and by the time I came around with the car, my wife had paid the tab and was waiting for me. When I returned to our room, I had my food and have to say that it is my new standard for biscuits and gravy: not too much goo and just the right amount of savory sausage. The biscuit was light and fluffy and I went to bed happy. Kudos.
1	Was with a group of 6... Took a hour to be seated. Within that hour we already decided our food but it took another hour to get out to us!! Service was terrible! Couldn't even keep our drinks refilled... The burger was tasteless and greasy and my fries were soggy.. It was just terrible overall!
2	Decent food. We arrived and the bartender wasn't there yet so I didn't get my s'mores mocha until halfway through my meal. The service was kind of lacking, but the portion sizes are decent and the food is as I would expect at a diner.The basic: The potatoes didn't really have any flavor and the chopped onions sprinkled through them were raw (ew to raw onions), eggs were a little under easy and runny, the biscuit was hard and broke into pieces and there were so many chunks of peach/apricot that it was hard to spread the jelly...but the chicken sausage was pretty good. Very filling.S'mores mocha: was a little bit disappointing! Didn't look like it does in the photo on the menu, and there was so much marshmallow it was hard to get to the mocha itself....All in all... Not that great...
2	I wish I could get in the door to review the food but I do not like waiting and there is always a long wait. at least 30 minutes. One day though, I'll get my foot in the door. and the food better be good
5	OMG the BROWN SUGAR BANANA PANCAKE!!!!  We went there twice on our last vacation to eat the BROWN SUGAR BANANA PANCAKE!!!!  The bananas are sliced in half the long way then laid on top of the pancake while it cooks.  Brown sugar melts on the bottom and forms a crispy crust!!!  There is no need for syrup!!!  MMMMMMMMMM!!!!
5	Great food! Amazing Bloody Mary's! Huge portions. Nice atmosphere. Decent price. A very good hangover location :)
3	I was taken here by a friend who is a Vegas local. Although I never eat this LARGE. I thought the idea was very cute. I ordered the bacon stuffed waffle with fried chicken breast. And it was HUGE. lol. See my pic. The waffle was delicious. Can't wait to try it at home. But the chicken breast not so much. My chicken breast kind of bled....!!! How? I can't really say. But it was not cooked through. Maybe the slice was to BIG but after seeing a little blood I was done. He waiter (I forgot his name) but he was kinda blunt and didn't really care that often times we were trying to signal him. He joked about the water being from some local lake. I didn't find it too funny because it tasted like it was from the toilet!!! I would MAYBE try them again just for the sake of changing this review.
2	Hash House A Go Go in the Plaza is a family friendly diner with portions meant for sumo wrestlers and competitive eaters.  The food pile is truly a spectacle in a place where quantity seems more important than quality.We tried the Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles, the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, and a House Salad.  The Fried Chicken and Waffles was average.  The chicken was crispy enough, but wasn't juicy and didn't have a lot of seasoning.  The waffles didn't have a bacon-y flavor, we wished they had just given us some strips of bacon instead.The Fried Chicken Benedict was like three separate dishes piled into one--literally stacked right on top of each other.  One dish would be fried chicken and mashed potatoes, another would be a biscuit with gravy, and the last would be an eggs and bacon scramble with spinach, tomato, and mozzarella.  With all that on one plate you can't really distinguish one flavor from another, but you can make every bite different.The House Salad was the standard bag mix of iceberg lettuce, nothing special.If you do want to try Hash House A Go Go split a plate with someone and come for a true diner experience.
1	First experience: waitress was not informed we were seated. Long wait. Then we dealt with shift change. Long wait. New shift prepared a small version of the #1.Second experience: I went to dinner and had the ribs with the horse radish in the mashed potatoes. Unfortunately my first bite was almost entirely horse radish. When I mentioned it to the waiter he replied," I'm sorry, that's how we prepare it". Ribs were a  disappointment too.
3	Lo triste del downtown  las vegas tu dinero se evapora  con el precio de los restaorantes fuimos a comer alliy gran decepcion esperaramos 45 minutos por una hamburguesa de  21 dollares con el jugo pagamos 42 dollars y llevabamos 5 dollares de descuento .el camarero era bien amable le dimos 5dollars de tip yo enferme del estomago toda la noche en el bano y mi amigo decia vamos a un buffe .solo encontramos hamburguesas en el downtown las vegas .muy bien para aquel que tiene costumbre de ese tipo de comida .nos fuimos al hotel rio alli comimos en el buffe por 30 dollares y ademas salimos muy complacido definitivamente nunca mas comere en el dowtown .
5	Most amazing food! Huge portions and the food tastes wonderful. Good price a well. I will definitely be going back. Oh yes and great drinks as well.
1	What becomes a legend most? If you have ever heard anyone mention Hash House A Go Go, it's usually followed by exclamations of the portion sizes. Not the delicacy of the, well anything. You'll never hear anyone praise the chef. And you'll probably be looking at someone who the word "Sansabelt" is usually proceeded by, "where are the..?" I'll just say it, this place is for fat people who are probably cheap but think they're too good to go to a buffet. Or their too lazy to make the eight trips back and forth to get the same amount of food you'll get on one entree here. Or too embarrassed. My uh food was ostensibly an egg Benedict. I think Benedict Cumberbatch was buried somewhere between the potato farm and the layers of some weird cheese pancake that was covered in the exact same chipotle they serve at ISIS training camps to get new recruits to hate infidels. "Eat so you can taste the hell that is the American Southwest! Death to America!" I totally would understand after eating this. Wait. There's more! It's 110 in the shade but the chef/menu committee decided to remind us that somewhere it's Christmas. How? You ask. By impaling a 7ft Norwegian pine smack dab in the middle of my food. And probably poor Benedict Cumberbatch buried in the goo. Who does that? Why? Norway should revoke the visas of anyone currently terrorizing their pine forests. Have some national pride. Don't let Hash House ruin people's memories of your...hmm...ok, you have nothing. But I digress. This gawdawful concoction had so many levels of early 21 st century cliches that it should be cited as non ada compliant as there's no elevator to get from top to bottom. Did I mention the tree in the middle of it all? Oh. I did. The "gravy"... Chipotle is not to be used on non combatants according to the Geneva convention. That's been standard since the war in Grenada. If Rumsfeld should be on trial the person who created this time culinary bomb ought to be in the docket right next to him. Hell, I'd spend the night with Dick Cheney and his mean straight daughter rather than eat this again. Oh yeah. There's chicken in here somewhere but I never got near it. After a portion of potatoes that could have saved half of Ireland during the famine I was too full to get poor Benedict Cumberbatch to move over to let me power up the ol' chainsaw and cut off a piece of the  Flintstone size buzzards breast. Sorry.
5	We came in with a big party for my daughters birthday, had a reservation, our waiter came by to check on us, his name was Roberto and he was AWESOME.  He took drink orders and did not mind taking food orders for appetizers from some and waiting for others to come in later to get theirs.The entire evening, he was very attentative and really cared about our well being.  He also had other tables besides ours, and through the entire night his attitude was above reproach.  He was so good at what he did he should be a manager not a server.I have been to many places and our server here was one of the best I have ever had.  The food was aweseom as well, the portions are way more then one person can eat, so we did a lot of splitting.  At the end of the meal, he made sure the cake we dropped off earlier was ready for us.  When we were all done, he was nice enough to do separate checks for people who wanted them.  I am telling you at not time did his attitude ever change from AWESOME!!  He is a true asset to this company and I made sure he was well compensated for putting up with the crowd we had.
2	I'm sure when people overseas think gluttonous American portion sizes, they picture restaurants like Hash House. The portion sizes are ridiculous, and it makes me sad how much food gets wasted because of places like this. Two hungry people can share one plate, which does help bring the costs down. Because the portions are so big and the costs are fairly reasonable, it unfortunately  means they save money on the quality of the food. I emailed them prior to coming (we were with a group and I didn't get to pick the restaurant), and found out they do have some gluten free options. I'm not that sensitive to cross contamination, but if you are I would be wary. This was the email I received, hopefully it helps someone: "Unfortunately you cannot have any of the items that feature our Andy's Fried Chicken, but we can substitute Grilled Chicken instead.Any of our basics, hashes, or scrambles with mashed potatoes, (no toast/biscuit) - You might be able to have Crispy potatoes, but they are fried in the same oil as the chicken, so you would need to know and determine if the flour could burn off in the oil depending on your sensitivity to cross contamination. Any Salad - (sub grilled for Fried Chicken or Salmon)  (No Biscuit)Any Burger or Sandwich (No Bread).  You should also ask that the fried pasta garnish be left off of any item ordered.  Please alert the server to alert the kitchen and the manager as well."
3	Stopped in for breakfast while visiting Vegas and staying on Fremont Street. We stopped in relatively early (9 AM on a Saturday) and we were able to get a table without waiting.Staff: nice, friendly, courteous, and timelyRestaurant: average ambiance, clean, spaciousPrices: pretty good relative to other Vegas restaurantsPortion size: very large; good place to split a mealThe food itself it fine. A friend had the HH original benedict, which was huge and covered with red pepper cream instead of hollandaise sauce. There was a lot going on with that plate. It was OK. My husband had the basic. Eggs were cooked just fine, and the bacon was pretty ordinary. The biscuit was pretty dry and definitely needs a good amount of butter and/or preserves. I had the sundried tomato, goat cheese, and basil egg scramble. It was a nice flavor, with lots of sundried tomatoes, but I didn't see or taste any basil. Accompanying crispy potatoes were pretty bland, and accompanying fruit was a single slice of orange and a single slice of melon (I was expecting a bit more).That being said, I didn't feel like I was completely ripped off after eating here. The problem with Vegas restaurants is that the convenient, no name places in a hotel/casino lobby is that they're convenient but extremely overpriced and serve terrible, terrible food. Hash House prices are OK, and the quality and portion sizes are reasonable. I would go back.
4	Located in the lobby of the Plaza hotel, it's by far the shining star of the restaurants in that hotel.  Its on the pricier side but the portion sizes are huge.  We had breakfast there and loved every bit of it.  The only downside is if you're staying in The Plaza, you can't really take any leftovers back to your room as they don't come standard with refrigerators.
5	OMG the chicken & waffles were amazing! The waffles are vanilla with bacon inside and the chicken was cooked perfectly and paired so well together! We also ordered the salmon & potatoes were cooked to perfection! You can not go wrong by getting anything on the menu! Beware portions are HUGE! We decided to come to this one because the wait was only 15 min & all the other ones were over an hour! So worth the short drive to old downtown Vegas!
3	Big portions decent service but food was only ok tasting and pricy if had better for less
4	Good food and good service. Recommend if you are in town. They have a good breakfast menu.
3	I must admit that I came here with high expectations as I've seen a few specials praising Hash House A Go Go however when I finally was able to try this Las Vegas legend I was not very impressed. Unable to order the praised pancakes, since there were no gluten free options, I opted for a scramble filled with sun-dried tomato, basil and goat cheese: three ingredients destined for perfection. It was to come with potatoes and fruit and a side of bacon (which was an extra $3.95) when my food arrived it looked delicious and promising, but my side of bacon was rather sad and turned out to be cold. When I asked for a new side of bacon some was brought to me immediately and I'm convinced it was simply because it was microwaved. I'm guessing so because I've microwaved plenty of bacon myself. As for the scramble, it was good, but not the best I've had and the potatoes although tasty were not evenly cooked. The service was good, but the overall experience was not worth the price/the hype.
2	People seem to love this place; I thought it was terrible. Yes, the service is fast. The people are friendly. The portions are huge. But the food is bland. BLAND. Tasteless. Devoid of flavor. Lacking in the ability to please one's taste buds. And unexpectedly deep fried. I had visions of cranberries and thinly sliced roast pork and house mayo when I ordered a pork tenderloin sandwich. What I got was something like looked like chicken fried steak slapped onto a flavorless bun with a pickle.Tasteless, fried, crap in enormous amounts. Why do people like this place?!? Skip it.
5	Monique was awesome, true definition of what a server was. Honest with her recommendation and definitely glad I asked! Those hostess could use a pep talk!
5	recently stayed at the plaza downtown for the first time and also eating breakfast there. hash house a go go is sooo freaking good. I ordered their french toast that had this banana taste to it with eggs and bacon. it was sooooooo good!! and I know water is water but there's is really good. so refreshing!! and I love how they add decorations to the food. it's a plus! definitely will eat there again!
5	I must say, this place is absolutely amazing. The food comes in a big portion and the server that we got was really great at her job. It was my first time coming here and definitely won't be the last.
4	Think about splitting a plate. Orders are Huge.Located inside of the Plaza hotel, this location is somewhat small. I can see how this place can easily get packed on a busy day. I even spied a rack of those waiting pagers restaurants give you along with a 45 minute wait time.Luckily for us we were here on a Wednesday morning and we were immediately seated. My boyfriend & I ordered Andy's sage fried chicken wondering if it would be enough. The dish was very attractive when it came to our table about 10 minutes later. Sage fried chicken with a maple reduction on top of bacon which was on top of mashed potatoes. There were 2 eggs and a biscuit on the side. It was served with jam & butter.Everything was really tasty, but not to the point where we were thinking "Woah, we need to come back here the next time we're in town!". It was more like, "Cool. I've been wanting to try this place since I saw it featured on that show. Not bad.". Still, the price of one dish that could serve 2 people was not bad by Vegas standards.
3	Breakfast food !! Heard about this on the food channel and our hotel (the cal) was so close we decided to walk down and check it out! Important stuff- - located in the plaza hotel on fremont, this location shouldn't be too busy - waited only about 10-15 mins for a party of 7 around 12pm - HUGE portions, I would say definitely share !! Unless you're a large hungry man - prices: quite reasonable for the size around $10-$12 an entree depending on which Service- great, super nice & friendlyWe got the avocado bacon scrambled plate ( something along the lines of that) lol and it was huge, it came with a biscuit, a slice of watermelon, a slice of orange, and potatoes. I split this with my sister and it was more than enough for both of us. We asked for no onions and they brought one out for us that did have onions :( but they gladly took it back and fixed our order! Overall the dish was mediocre, nothing to special in my opinion. It might have been because we didn't try their specialties but I was still kind of expecting something super delicious. Anyways, overall still good. Might come back to try one of their specialties!
5	Come here hungry. The portion sizes are enormous. The prices are very reasonable. Service was quick and efficient.
5	Amazing food, amazing service, amazing atmosphere!! We were seated and greeted right away.  Our server was very knowledgeable of the menu and had some great recommendations! I seriously don't think you can go wrong with anything on the menu.  The food is fresh, beautifully presented, and bonus,  GREAT price! If you're staying on Freemont, don't bother trying any other restaurant! If you're not staying on Freemont, roll your hungover butt to a cab and GET DOWN HERE!
5	I was so impressed when my food came out that i had to take a picture, which i normally never do. I orded the original benedict, but i also got to get a glimps of the adjacent tables food. All of the plates were huge and reasonably priced. The plating was impressive and a little fancy for just a breakfast plate. The benedict was unorthdox with tomatoe cream sauce but so good. If i lived near this place this would be one of my goto places and will repeat visit everytime im here.
3	Ahhhh Hash House. You are always on the mind when I think of brunch in Vegas. I try to stay health conscious and order egg whites.... but seriously that doesn't go well with Hash House. You gotta order the pork chop for breakfast. My friend ordered that and I think I enjoyed bite of her dish better than my whole entire breakfast omelet thingy that look like meshed baby food. Just go with the big fat piece of pork chop. That thing could feed family of 4 and next time I go thats all I am getting. Plus maybe the beer in a paper bag. hahaha
5	SO FUCKING GOOD! They have huge proportions, and delicious food! Had it for the first time while staying at the Plaza and was pleasantly surprised!We had the salmon Benedict, bacon and mashed potato stuffed burger, chicken and waffles, and the bacon avocado burger, and they all were HUGE and SOOO tasty! Definitely a good drunk or hungover meal!
4	Finally got a chance to try this place. They weren't kidding when they said its huge portions. I went to the one inside The Plaza Hotel in downtown Vegas. It was a Tuesday morning about 10am - no wait. Our server was nice and gave us a run down of the menu and gave us a few recommendations. I went with the chicken and waffles (of course). After placing our order, it was about 10 mins before our food came out. OMG! There's no way I'm going to finish this, and I was already planning how I was going to drop off my leftovers back at my hotel. 4 waffles on the plate, and 2 chicken breast in the middle and a knife stuck in the chicken. Lots of garnishes which I just knocked off the plate to get to the good stuff. The waffle has bacon right in it - no not bits. Actual bacon strips. The chicken was good, not overcooked. I was only able to finish 1 waffle and 1 chicken. The rest was taken back to the hotel.Definitely gonna come back and try some other dishes.
4	Good was good. It's no lie that the portions are huge. They mean it. Unless you're a competitive eater, share. The waitstaff was a little lacking. But friendly. We will be back.
5	Amazing food..great portions as in share size portions.. this one doesn't have the best wait staff but it's definitely a stop for anyone that is near by.. oh and if you go in the main lobby doors, you won't be accosted by the time share people. ;)
5	What an amazing experience! The food was unreal ! The chicken & waffles was the best I have ever had & that's coming from a expert. The wife ordered the chicken Benedict it too was amazing! Warning the portion sizes are HUGE. Enjoy !!!!
4	I come here every time I'm in downtown las vegas! Normally i get the sage fried chicken & waffles. This time, i tried something different. I got the rosemary chicken hash which was a pretty good choice! I didn't even finish it all....i was stuffed! My server Martha was exceptional!
5	Ginormous portions of excellent, tasty food. Had the HH original eggs benny. Busy restaurant, but great service.
5	One of my favorite places in Las Vegas. You'll leave full or with a to go box because of the portion sizes. I had Fried Chicken Eggs Benedict. It changed my life. It was that great. They have a Bacon Bloody Mary and it made my day better. Overall, this place will always get my money.
3	This was an okay experience at best... I got the meatloaf sandwich... Way too big... But I guess that's what they specialize in oversize food... I might try it again... Service and the attitude of the employees was terrible... Typical restaurant inside the Hotel/ Casino... It was Halloween morning... But the employees are true zombies... The manager Cory was nowhere to be found...  Could not get refills on coffee or water... What kind of hash house doesn't refill coffee... The two hostesses were oblivious to the bad service. Instead they were in an in-depth personal conversation with each other...It was also obvious my server Mandy did not want to be there....And I said I would try it again... Definitely not this location... Maybe try the one that caters to locals....
1	Well hash house you've managed to seriously disappoint me again. Thought I'd try to give it a chance seeing as its been 3 years later. I thought maybe the service would improve but I guess I was wrong. This place has got to have the world's worst service. I'm starting to think this is one of those jag restaurants that purposely has really, really, REALLY bad service. Rude waitresses that absolutely forget about you once sit down. This time I was also disappointed in my food as well....I've decided the only thing worth eating here is the brown sugar banana pancake. Sure your portions are big but when your foods only so-so what's the point of super sizing it?!? Seriously though, WPRST. SERVICE. EVERRRRR!!! If anything, I'd recommend that you call and place and get it to go.
4	As good as the Hash House at the Imperial Palace/Quad/LinQ whatever it's called now. Actually, this one is slightly better because when we came there was absolutely no wait for a table. I think it was a Monday though so that may have helped as well. Food was consistent, just like I remembered, and service was good. It's a bit out of the way from The Strip but worth a try if you want to get away from the usual crowds of people.
5	Our service was excellent! Our food was AMAZING! The portions are large and worth every penny spent. We tried the blackened chicken skillet, chicken waffles, and salmon. All were excellent!
3	I only felt the need to eat here twice. The first time, I was expecting a lot after hearing nothing but good things. I found the quality of the food to be lacking. I decided to chalk it up to a one-time occurrence, and went back the following week. What I figured out on my second trip is that this restaurant values quantity over quality. If you're looking for OK food, but plenty of leftovers, this is the place for you. Otherwise, I'd say your money is better spent elsewhere. I tend not to eat anything I take home in a doggy-bag, so I probably would only go back if a friend was visiting and really wanted to give it a go, and wanted to share the meal.
4	The French toast is scrumptious! Didn't get to try the Bloody Mary and I'm totally bummed about that because I hear they are amazing. Will have to come back.
5	Omg if this isn't the most delicious place to eat ever. We stayed on Fremont street and wanted to try something new. There was no wait and the food was awesome. HUGE size portions for a reasonable price. We went for dinner and back the next morning for breakfast. Everything is good here and their potatoes are to die for! Drinks are a reasonable price too!
5	I liked it don't know why there were bad reviews though I did just get the chicken eggs Benedict which was enough to feed me a few times as well as being frickin' amazing. Our waiter Paul was really nice and made sure we were happy.  Our food came out really quick and price to quantity to creativity ratio was splendid.  The food was not gourmet quality but most definitely better than iHop or Denny's in my mind and had a unique taste to it due to their "from scratch" slogan. Perfect for a great hangover breakfast that leads to a nap and more drinking then eating all the leftovers when u get home.
1	Worst breakfast ever :( . I am so disappointed. Had their special with eggs, meat, potatoes and a pancake. The pancake is too large and tastes terrible. Fried eggs are tasteless. Bacon undercooked. Potatoes terrible. Coffee bad.
1	Sadly I wasn't impressed. Server wasn't particularly friendly and the food wasn't hot. Definitely didn't live up to what I had heard about the place. Doubt I'll go again.
5	We stopped to have breakfast between our second and third legs of Ragnar Las Vegas. We were tired and hungry. The waitress got our orders and brought out our food quickly. There was a guy 3 tables away playing with his chips from the casino. After about 10 minutes, we were able to figure out where the sound was coming from. As soon as we pointed it out to our waitress, she went and politely asked the guy to stop. Breakfast was great, service was even better. I'll be back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	This place is awesome. Husband and I tried to go to the Strip location but it was an hour long wait (no thanks), so we hopped on the bus and tried Downtown since we were headed there anyway. Walked straight in and got a table, and we had finished our meals within about 20 minutes! Which is not to say they were bad meals, quite the opposite. I had the sundried tomato/goats cheese/basil scramble which tasted great and fresh, and came with a side of potatoes and a biscuit. The size of the meal actually wasn't huge, which I actually prefer as the size of meals in the US can be a little scary for a foreigner!I saw the flapjacks on another table, they were MASSIVE and didn't look overly appetising. I think the hashes and scrambles are the way to go here.Service was good and attentive.
2	Bad service from the hostess. She was rude and not friendly at all. Good food though.
2	Over rated.  Food was average overpriced 3 dollars for a cup of average coffee. Service was very good that was the only plus here. Don't waste your time here
5	The building has an odd smell and it was covered up with a lot of air freshner, this was my biggest hold up. Then again, most places downtown do have that same smell, it wasn't repulsive...just enough to catch your attention. Never in my life have I had the 'WOW factor' when getting a food item out as I had with the chicken and waffles here. It wasn't just us, pretty much everyone was looking over as it was being served with the same reaction. The food was INCREDIBLE. Everything in this pile had distinct flavors yet blended together perfect. It was honestly unlike anything I've ever had and I'm itching to go back. My mother and I split it and were more than full. This isn't your standard meal! We went around 2pm and we got right in. Staff was friendly, nothing exceptional but no complaints. All food being served looked equally good.
4	best fried chicken I've ever had. It must have been partly do to the sage. So good. Waffles were whatever. I'll definitely be coming back.
2	Poor service.  Close to $40.00 for 2 breakfasts!  Food was fine.  Nickel and dimed all the way!  Waitress served highest priced items for everything we ordered.   We wanted the $5.99 side of biscuits and gravy.  We got the higher priced full breakfast.  We ordered orange juice and of course was brought the extra large ($4.99). We complained to the manager who did tale $8.00 off our bill.
3	The food here all comes as giant servings, unique, and tastes delicious. The service was just OK. We sat at the bar for lunch expecting faster and friendlier service. Didn't really get either. Food came out fine and was delicious as expected. We do recommend the menu and the taste. The Casino that the restaurant is located in is really kinda a dump. Low class casino, claims to be renovated. Not really. However, it's worth walking through the Casino to have a meal at Hash House.
4	It features southern classics with a twist.  They serve LARGE portions here so plan on taking home what you can't finish. I had the Chicken and Waffles here and was unable to finish it all.
4	Firstly let me say we love Hash House, we have been to almost all of their locations in Vegas. All of them have been five star experiences and I would have given this one the same except for the obnoxious odor proliferating through the casino hotel it is located. We valet parked and had to walk through the casino to get to Hash House. The only way I can describe it is that it smells like the worst, most overpowering, perfume that my 70 year old substitute teacher would wear back in the 3rd grade (and if I can remember that smell from 20 + years ago you know it was bad). You know the kind that would give you an instant migraine. That is not Hash House A Go Go's fault but the smell is there and makes it hard for this one to be as appetizing as the rest. The food was as good as usual, but ugh the smell. The food gets the four stars. If you want to try Hash House I would try one of their other locations, at least until they change the scent in the Plaza.
2	They serve up some huge portions but does it help that it's huge portions of very mediocre food. I think this place is popular just due to their oversized portions and interesting plating but not so much on the actual tastiness of their food. The chicken and waffles were probably my favorite dish that I tried.
