5	I am so excited for my member ship here!! I signed up on a special and got a month to month Unlimited package for $50 (a month)! Yoga Deva is clean and offers a variety of yoga sessions at all levels.The place is new so they are still working out scheduling and classes. They have a class called Zumba which is spanish dancing and I am looking forward to that! Any one want to join me??
5	This place is stunning - exuding a sense of peace and warm - decorated with feng shui in mind and a minimalistic feel with backdrop lighting.  Wonderful place to escape the real world.The classes are great, emphasizing on self pace and individuality.  I am officially addicted to bikram (hot) yoga.  And Shosh is wonderful!
5	Wonderfully calming yet energizing yoga studio!! I found this place on a whim and do not live in Gilbert. Wish I lived closer I would go everyday. But even living 20-30 min away-I WILL find at the the time to attend at least 4 classes a week. I just love this place, its the epitome of Yoga!
5	Yoga deva is my sanctuary! So peaceful and all instructors are amazing...you will not be disappointed!
5	I have a monthly unlimited membership here and I love this place. It's visually stunning and such a serene place to practice. The staff/owners are great and Shosh took great care in answering all my questions before my first time in the studio. I do wish there were a few more classes offered just time-wise but I love the classes they have and it really is a nice, warm place and it does feel like family.
5	Yoga Deva is AMAZING - I could live there. Their studio is the nicest yoga studio I have ever seen in my life and the style of yoga practiced really works you out while harmonizing your energy. Definitely recommend Yoga Deva to anyone looking to start yoga!
5	I have been practicing at Yoga Deva for years and enjoy every class! There seems to be a time in every class that I think to myself, "why doesn't everyone do this?"  All of the teachers are wonderful, you will not be disappointed!
5	I know this isn't very 'Zen' of me, butHoly shit this place is amazing. Why? Let me count THE WAYS! The location is quiet and the venue is just incredibly spa-like and gorgeous. The yoga room is huge, completely covered in mirrors and lightly illuminated with white Christmas lights. The floor is rubber (like a basketball court) which is super comfy for yoga poses. The bathrooms are roomy and super clean - including showers and open lockers to store your stuff. The closets are stuffed with accessories that you can borrow for class, and the decor of the entire place is incredibly modern, spot-on clean, warm and welcoming.My Deva Flow class was super enjoyable. The music was incredibly non-yoga traditional. Think Sia, Madonna and Ellie Goulding (very much like lounge music with a beat). The teacher was rough but very focused on showing us how to improve our poses and extremely hands-on with us- a little weird at first but you get used to it. The outside assistant was very nice and professional. Everything began and ended on time and flowed thoroughly.I can't comment on the pricing since I discovered them through Groupon, but I would definitely become a regular here if it is not too expensive. With the space that they have, I can imagine Bikram Yoga being amazing here. Fingers crossed...
5	I attended classes at Yoga Deva sometimes intermittently, and sometimes regularly, over the course of about a year and a half to two years. I was always very happy with my experiences there and with the instructors; Shosh, Barb and Billy are all fantastic and so helpful. Barb and Billy especially are very aware of their students' limitations and will modify poses and introduce new ones to keep things interesting. The only reason I recently stopped coming is because I've moved cross-country, and am very worried I won't ever find another studio as well loved and well taken care of as Yoga Deva. Thanks for a great experience!
5	I moved from Tucson to Gilbert last year and have been going here since June. This place has become such an integral part of my life! I have taken classes with every instructor, and have yet to walk away from a class disappointed! I feel stronger, I sleep better, and I can't imagine going anywhere else for yoga! I try to go at least five times a week and their scheduling makes that possible for me! If you are looking for a yogi home don't pass this studio up!!!!
5	This place is the most beautiful Yoga environment I have ever seen! I thought I was at a Spa! The location is quiet and the venue is just incredibly serene. The yoga room is huge and the floor is rubber, which is super comfy for yoga poses. My Deva Flow class was great! The teachers are very professional, well trained! Shosh and Billy are the most gracious and wonderful people and they know their Yoga!  They always show how to improve the poses and modify them to our ability, beginner through advanced levels, there is something for everyone.The bathrooms are roomy and clean with showers and open lockers to store your things. The decor of the entire place is incredibly modern, clean, warm and welcoming. I love it here, you won't be disappointed! Wonderfully calming yet energizing yoga studio! I If you are looking for a place to practice, you found it!
4	Davis was so helpful in my practice today. I usually do more stretching classes as I have wrist issues - she (Davis) took time after the class to help me with proper form. Clean nice studio. Look forward to taking more classes!
