5	I'm a huge fan of this place and here's why:Pro's- Convenient....I work out at the 24 Hour Fitness next door.- They often offer to wash your car while you work out & have people working at the gym to take your car to get it washed.- The convenience store is clean and carries good products.- They have full service attendants to gas up your car at no additional cost....only tips if you choose.- Their oil change/smog check garage is quick and does a good job.ConsI seriously can't think of any.Will I return? ...of course.
1	This place is a joke--------------------It used to be pretty good, but now everything is run down or broken.  I complained to one of the workers and he agreeded.
5	So if you hate pumping your own gas they have staff to handle it. I love getting gas here on rainy days.
2	This is purely a car wash review, as I have never been inside the convenience store.The car wash is fine, but the high-pressure sales tactics they implemented at this and the Rampart location have left me and my husband with a very bad taste in our mouths.  We go to Fab Freddy's because they are water-saving car washes.  We just want the least expensive exterior wash, and have been made to feel extremely guilty for not getting the full detail.  When we reply that we want the $7.99 wash, they act like it isn't an option.  And no, I am no interested in their "discount" card, where you have to give them your personal information in order to save a few cents off your gas with a wash.No thanks!!  They are going to lose customers if they don't back off.
4	Nearest gas station to me, I use the car wash regularly and the job is ok, not great. They employ local school kids and there does not seem to be much quality control. There is a shaded waiting area with plentiful seating which is welcome. They are very keen to fix your windshield so you often get hassled for that. LEAVE ME ALONE! I have done oil changes and smogs in the service bay. Very good and sometimes I've received a follow up courtesy phone call. Nice. They took out the free air, but if you drive round back the kids will check your tires and fill if needed. There are kids to pump your gas, I don't want that service but I see many people partaking. Store is quite extensive, booze , slots , the normal Vegas vices. Plus your expected selection of junky snacks and crappy car accessories. I have a loyalty card and that saves you some money on gas. Fabulous Freddie's is an above average gas station plus much more.....
1	I would like to write how I truly feel about this business though they have wasted enough of my time. THEY DAMAGED MY CAR, filed a damage report with their management and their corporate office just ignored my multiple calls and Failed to address the issue all the way around. Why they would file a damage report and not address it is beyond disrespectful and unprofessional. Avoid this place and the teenagers they have working for them.They are careless, neglectful and could give 2 shits about your vehicle.
4	Went for gas and an oil and lube job.  Everyone was pleasant and efficient.  I loved the Lube Girl Shelly.  She is a hoot!  Took care of my order very efficiently and was friendly and fun.  I'd have to say she is FABULOUS!
4	I stop in here with coupons. If you have a coupon then you get a better price on certain things. They have a coupon book that if you are going to actually use then would be very ideal.The store is pretty clean inside. The cashier is nice. I like to stop in after going to the bank and get a fountain soda or snack. You can get your oil changed, car washed and munch on a snack while here!
3	i came through here on my lunch break one day because i had a massive amount of dog hair in my car from the night before and i didnt have the patience to clean it myself. i paid $25 for my car to get washed and the inside vaccuumed and dusted. that price is average i guess. i wasnt thrilled, but hell, ill pay for the convenience of it. it took them more than my hour lunch break to do it but i cant complain too much because my dog sheds an ungodly amount of hair so these guys definitely had their work cut out for them. at the end, my interior looked amazing and i was satisfied with the wash. the best part was an employee informed me that i had a small chip in my windshield that they could fix up for me. the guy gave me the phone number to my insurance and within minutes my insurance paid for the service and the chip was fixed!i think the gas is expensive here and the counter clerks are less than enthusiastic, but my car wash service experience was satisfactory.
2	The car wash was not so good today. I paid for an additional service and it was not performed.
1	I seriously dont understand how you can do an excellent job on an oil change and then completely fuck up my car when they washed it. Theres nothing but a bunch of teenagers that work here and they can give a shit less about you or your car. I had a dirt smudge on the roof of my car by the sunroof and  instead of just wiping it down clean, i see what looks like to be car keys scratch marks on my car, are you kidding me.
3	I'm a fan of Fabulous Freddy's, but think this one is just okay. Compared to the one I frequent, this one isn't as busy at all. My usual Fabulous Freddy's takes a little longer for a car clean and wash, but at least the job is perfecto.  Some Pros:-Close to one of my gyms.  I can get me car washed or detailed while I shed some pounds. -Close to Rachel's Kitchen.  I can get my eat on while they clean my car-Quick:  One of the quicker car washes I've been to. The Freddy's I usually go to takes a long time for your car to get cleaned.  I've even waited as much as 45 minutes for a regular detail.  Here you get your car back with the quickness. Some Cons:-The detail wasn't as good as the other Fabulous Freddy's.  Outside was fine, inside needed a little work.  I was in a rush on my most recent visit so I finished what they didn't when I got home.  -No real lobby.  There's outside seating to wait for your ride and a makeshift lobby between the coolers and chips.  Not much comfort inside in my opinion. I'm not saying I won't come back. I still think the job they do here is okay. But if I had a choice, I will continue to go to the Freddy's I usually hit right off Craig Rd.
2	Yeah, yeah it's an "all-inclusive carwash" and they will wash your tires, rims, interior etc...Except...they never listen.  I've been there multiple times (only because I bought the coupon book) and they NEVER get it right.  I even politely write on the "Special Request" ticket RIMS and interior door panels, and still...it's never done.  This is the LAST time I will come to this location.  Look for my used coupon book on eBay.
4	Yay! I'm a fan.. I come here to get gas and gas they give. I pump my own gas, and I give myself the best service (uhhhhh get your mind out of the gutter). The gas makes my jeep/truck go vrooom so all is good.
2	If you want a great wash then don't come here. If you want someone to get dust off, then this is your place. I had to pretty much dry the entire car off when I got home and got rid of the left over dirt... Kind of missing the point of a "car wash" tipped the dryer guys $5. Next time I will get out of the car and review their lack of detail before tipping so much.
5	My husband and I have been going to Fabulous Freddy's in Summerlin for sometime now. We have realized that on a consistant basis they provide above and beyond excellent customer service. We have our cars serviced there and detailed there regularly. Two people we would like to point out individually is J and Tracy. Their exceptional service every time is above and beyond! It is very refreshing and very nice to see people maintain the highest level of professionalism,and exceptional service each and every time. You can truly tell that they care about everyone and love what they do. We will continue to go to them for all of our needs. We highly recommend Fabulous Freddy's at the Trails!
2	I have been going to this Fabulous Freddy's for almost 10 years now and I must say I am DONE with this place. The last few times I have been here it has been frustrating. I go here every 3 months to get an oil change and car wash. I also have been bringing the hubby's car and he said no more after this last visit. NOTE: I drive all the way from Mountains Edge to get my cars serviced and washed. I was just there (10/6/13) to get my routine oil change and wash and it took OVER 2 hours! And when I got there, there was no one in the oil bay and only a few cars in the car wash area. When I checked in for the oil change they estimated about an hour to complete oil and wash (inside and out). Which is acceptable.  Once the oil change was complete, they ran it over to the car wash side and it literally just sat in the cash wash bay for over an hour. I was so tired of waiting, I walked over to see what was going on and there were 5-7 car wash personnel just hanging out. One guy was sitting in the passenger seat of my car texting on his phone. They are typically teenagers working here, which I don't mind because they usually do a great job, but these ones were slacking. When they pulled my car out of the bay, NOTHING had been cleaned! I had to tell them to re-clean everything. This is the last straw for me. This similar situation has been happening the last 2 or 3 times I have been here. I am sad to have to write a bad review for them but I am finding a new place to go now.Despite the bad car wash experience, the oil/lube people are always awesome! I just don't think its worth it for me to drive all the way to Summerlin anymore to wait over 2 hours for an oil change and car wash.  Overall, I give the cash wash side of this 0 stars and the oil lube 3 stars, which on average is about a 1.5 star.
2	Fabulous? Nope.Of course I didn't check Yelp before going there, and if I had I'd not have gone as it seems others have had this lousy experience too ... so here's the email I wrote to the GM there today after a nearly three hour experience. ... Alan,I've just returned home after my inaugural visit to Fabulous Freddie's on Trailwood in Summerlin.It was anything but.My receipt shows that I pulled into the wash at 12:45. I got home at nearly 2:45. If I'd wanted to take that much time for a car wash today, I'd have washed it myself.I figured based on how long it took to get my car after going through the wash itself (I got it at roughly 1:30) that the work would be done. I was wrong. To be fair I should have been far more precise in checking the work a) before taking my keys from the young man and b) certainly before having tipped him heavily. I'd heard such great things about your service that I assumed it would be fine. It wasn't.Let's start with the fact that the interior was filthy. The rugs were cleaned but that was about it. I had some conditioning wipes in the car and went through five of them, all turned nearly black in my hands, after wiping off the top of the dash, the front of the dash/radio and the side console. I won't even go into the filth along the doors by the windows that one wipe of a rag would have improved.Now the exterior ... It was as though the front grille was not even checked. There was bird poop splattered across the front, along with several other bird packages on the sides and hood. The right side of the car (passenger) looked as though it had not even been wiped off.When I realized the mess and had the five dirty wipes in my hand, I asked to speak with a manager. A young African American fellow in a red shirt came over ... failed to introduce himself and can't remember his name, but I'lll suggest that he be given some guidance on customer service. He was polite, and he did get me a rag to wipe my car. Then failed to ever come talk with me.Rachel, the young woman who sold me the wash, came by and asked if the wash had been good. I told her the experience and she immediately picked up the phone and I believe she called you. She'd said that you would be coming by so I figured I'd continue wiping down the car.Another young man came by and offered to help but by that point I was done and said I was waiting for the GM. He said that you'd told him to come by and help me ... so I noted that I was done and already been there far longer than was reasonable or than I'd planned.Finally a young man named Daniel came by. I wish he'd been the first person to whom I'd spoken as I am sure that my problem would have been resolved immediately. Unfortunately he wasn't and I'm left with a bad taste in my mouth and got home to notice that it appears there are some fresh scratches on the car that weren't there before the wash.Daniel gave me a card for 50% off my next wash ... I may try your facility again, but not sure that 50% off is really worth the value that is most important to me, which is my time which Fabulous Freddie's wasted entirely today.
5	When I lived in Las Vegas, I frequented this place for car washes, gas and oil changes for 5 years. They always do a good job and the customer service is fabulous (get it?). If there is something about the car wash you aren't happy with, they happily correct it. During my last trip to Vegas, I went here with my mom. They foundation $10 bill while cleaning her car, and turned it to us. We appreciated the honesty, although we were not surprised since service is superb. I still am looking for a car wash anywhere near as good in Salt Lake!
1	NOT SO FABULOUS - Fabulous Freddy's SummerlinI went to the Summerlin location for the first time today because I needed a Smog check done. The smog check tech was VERY professional as was the cashier inside. The manager came in and spoke and was very friendly. The cashier suggested I sign up for the Fabulous Freddy's card for discounts and I would get 20 cents off per gallon today.I went through the car wash and had the interior done too. This place takes WAY too long for interiors. Terrible Herbst across from Red Rock is MUCH better with a friendlier car wash staff and it is done much quicker.Also - a cheesy part of their gimmick is that EVERYONE you encounter says "Have a fabulous day!" Once, I can understand, but EVERYONE chants this like its a cult or something. Doesn't feel genuine AT ALL.Then I went over to the gas pump to take advantage of my 20 cents off per gallon. This is where it all fell apart! I followed the instructions to the letter and chose "Rewards" to swipe my Freddy's card for my gas discount. Then I swiped my credit card. The pump never took my discount. I figured I'd go inside after pumping and they'd fix it. NOT SO EASY.I went inside, and the clerk said "You already pumped?" like I was an idiot. She finally offered to put the difference onto my Freddy's card. WHAT? Heck no. I want the 20 cent per gallon discount, are you crazy?!? I demanded a manager and she wasn't much better. I finally convinced her to give me the difference. I told her to keep my Freddy's card that I would not be back. She could have cared less. It is ridiculous to have to go through so much trouble to get a discount when they tout how they give 20 cents off per gallon with any service. RIDICULOUS. Of course, when the manager handed me the refund she said, "HAVE A FABULOUS DAY!" I wanted to throw the money back in her face. REALLY?Stay away from this gimmicky place. Go to Terrible Herbst where they actually value their customers!
5	Went in to get my car's AC charged while I went to the gym. I was quoted at Few other places a$25 AC check fee, $25 hookup fee, and between $30-35/lb of freon. Freddy's waived the cheek fee and was only $25/lb. Plus Kevin had helped my fiancee on his motorcycle before and gave him a $10 off coupon then so we could use that too. Ended up being less than $70 instead of close to $150 like some other places. Great people! Great service!
4	Went to get my car washed after the rain this last week at the Summerlin location. I have never had a better experience while my vehicle was cleaned and detailed very professionally. The young man that did the work on my vehicle was Huntyr. He really paid attention to detail and I even struck up a conversation with him. He was very polite and knew what he was doing. Before when I had my vehicle cleaned at other car washes I would always have to remind them to clean other areas.I would definitely ask for him again.I frequently use Fabulous Freddy,s on Craig and Centennial as well. Today there was a supervisor that was there just being rude and giving negative feedback to her employees. I believe these kids were fairly new and were doing their best. But there were many guests who heard and watched her (I believe her name started with a K!) a very ignorant, rude, overtone, over criticizing,  young girl that would continually put down those workers work. I believe its her JOB to be a role model and teach them the way they want things done. Lay off HARDNOSE! I will never go there again another day that she works. Who does she think she is? This place need a better working environment. She has HORRIBLE customer service attitude. YOU ain't no BETTER! She NEEDS to GO! I'd fire her!
5	I went as far as creating a Yelp account  after being informed of all the negative comments being made. I've been coming to this location for years, I've always enjoyed the pre-wash conversations that Rachel and I have. I told her yesterday that she is by far the sweetest young lady that works here. Then, once I bring my car into the garage, I'm always on the look out for Shakyra or Daniel. They both are such wonderful supervisors. I've spoken to the new manager on a few accounts, he seems like a wonderful person to work for as well. There is a new supervisor as well who I have yet to speak with, but over all, this is my absolute favorite location. Even the cashiers in the store make my experience enjoyable. So, Thank You all! I appreciate your services.
4	Car wash was hit and miss for awhile but has steadily improved.  Gas pump girls always friendly.  Much nicer than any other local spots.
4	This was my first time experiencing Fabulous Freddie. I always stopped by in the evening but this was daytime, and immediately after I pulled up, a young woman asked if I would like her to pump the gas. I looked for a sign that she worked for the company, gave her a $10 bill (just in case), then waited for the other shoe to drop. While she was gone, another young woman appeared and asked if I needed help, then a guy showed up and started pressing all over my windshield before declaring it fine and asking if I needed any services. Then another guy showed up asking if I needed gas. Then the original woman returned and gave me a receipt and then pumped the gas. Whew! I felt like I was receiving 1950's style service! It was great. Now that I know they have a membership card, a detailing service that gives you a discount on gas, and other things, I'll be back- in the daytime!
1	Allow me to justify the 1-Star rating I've awarded Fabulous Freddy's:I haven't brought my car to a full-service wash for several years now; I have a modified vehicle and not only is it sensitive, but it's delicate when not handled correctly.Every person that worked there seemed to crowd around my car and helped with the cleaning...all 35 minutes of it!-They cleaned it once, some kid brought it around to be picked up then brought it right back under cover for him and his buddies to once again clean for an additional 15 minutes.  -When all was said and done he started my car, and what was to follow nearly gave me a heart attack.  He starts my car and lets it idle for 5 minutes, for whatever reason.  My car is not designed to sit and idle...especially without anyone feathering the throttle!  Then I hear the little bastard revving it!  Really.....a car wash is going to allow their employees to rev customer's cars?  This is crazy poor management.He drove it around the corner...I smiled politely (all while driving my teeth up into my skull out of anger), gave no tip, got in and drove off.
5	Great prices, friendly staff & great management as I've had to use them in the past! I travel from Henderson to get my car washed here! Hopefully soon they will open a location in Henderson!
5	The best touch-less car wash on the west side. And 20 cents off a gallon of gas when you use your Freddy Card
2	They're open until 8 PM for summer, so I showed up around 7:20 and it took an hour. I understand showing up right before a place closes to expect that, but it was 40 minutes before closing! One guy started cleaning the floors instead of working on my car and the guy who was at the beginning of the car wash finally came and cleaned my car at 7:56 PM... four minutes before they were suppose to close. Don't really see the point in staying open late when you care more about going home than finishing cleaning my car. The wash was fine but I always feel like I'm waiting on the workers at Freddies, rather than just waiting for my car to be clean in a timely manner. Maybe you need managers on site or something?
3	This was my first time here, I was a little hesitant because of the reviews but my car really needed a wash. I got there around 830am and it wasn't busy at all. They said it would take about an hour to clean the interior and exterior. Thy take down your phone number if you don't want to wait there. ( I chose to go grab breakfast at Egg Works across the street) Came back after an hour my car was still being worked on (it was pretty dirty) Sat down and waited for another 10 minutes and then the brought the car around.  They guy told me to check everything and make sure they got everything cleaned. My car looked great. Very happy and will be back.
5	Johnny did a FABULOUS job detailing my daughter's SEVERELY water-spotted car!  He went above and beyond and the car looked like it just came off the showroom floor when he was done with it. Definitely going to take my own car there now for a detailing! I brought it in at 7:00 p.m. without an appointment and he got it right in and told me it would be an hour and it was a little over - maybe 10 minutes - because he spent a little extra time making the rims shine.  VERY pleased.
5	I looked all weekend for the cheapest place to get a smog check, but was running out of time as my registration was due soon.  I work nearby so I gave them a call since it wasn't apparent if they could do a smog check or not from their website.  The guy I spoke with on the phone answered quickly me wS very polite. He told me they offer smog checks and that they accept he Terrible's coupon for $5 off a $19.95 smog check.  Not only was this place convenient to get to, but they also had the best price so I came in on my lunch.  I pulled up and hey we're able to help me right away with no waiting and I still had time to get my oil changed after.  Great service and everything seemed clean and well maintained.  The employees were friendly and they have fair prices.  I'll definitely come back.
3	I went to Fabulous Freddy's yesterday for an oil change and car wash. My dear bf wanted to take me here bc this is where he always takes his car for oil changes and detailing. He told me they're great and have always done a great job for his vehicle. Ok, I trust him. We dropped off my car at about 1:15. Went to go have lunch and do some shopping, and we returned at about 3ish.  Well.. my car was parked right outside, ready to go. Uh.. NO. My car was still dirty! Ive taken before and after pictures. There were still sticky gross stuff on my car. And on the top of the car my bf wiped his fingers across and you could see his fingerprint marks in the dust.. why can you even see ANY dust after a carwash?? We went inside and told the cashier, Tina, that this is unacceptable. She went and got another employee and he came and wiped down my entire car with some cleansing spray and towel all by hand. I waited about another 15 minutes for that. Tina was pretty good to us as far as customer service and making sure our needs were met. The inside of my car was amazing. They did a good job on that at least. I wouldnt have been happy if the inside was half assed too.  Im glad they fixed it.. but kind of like wtf when I saw how poorly my car was washed... and having to fix it, and having to wait bc they couldnt get it properly cleaned the first time. I also noticed that they didnt give me a new sticker that tells me when I need my next oil change. I didnt even notice that until today. So great, now I have to try and remember... but now it makes me wonder if they even did my oil change? Geez. I hope this is a one time bad experience. Ill try it again and will update my review. This place gets 3 stars bc Tina was very sweet and professional.. and also bc my bf has always had a good experience here. He was disappointed with how they were with my car though. Hopefully it wont happen again.
5	I'm mystified by some of the poor reviews - I've been going here for years and they always do a great job. It looks to me like the employees are all college kids and they are friendly and hard-working. I went in last  Saturday with an old car we'd just bought for my son which has a sunroof that is stuck open. I wasn't sure they'd even let me in, but the manager happened to come by and immediately stopped to help me. He got towels and stuffed them into the gap, covered it completely with wide tape and had someone else (thank you!) drive it through the wash. Above and beyond service. If you have an issue they fix it with good grace. I'd never go anywhere else.
2	If I could I would give a half star rating for the car wash. I went to get my car washed, I paid for the interior and exterior VIP wash. When I came to pick it up an hour later it was not fully vacuumed nor was it fully cleaned. The staff was really helpful and I felt were nice people, but it doesn't make up for the crappy wash. Granted, I did have a dirty car with some muddy spots, but I want the detail that I paid for. Pretty disappointed. Also, I think they fucked up my car. I just got my car checked up two weeks ago at my dealership, they said everything was fine. I started driving away from this car wash, and it felt like I was riding a horse. My friend who was riding with me in the back with my infant baby, also noticed this and said something before I did. Thinking it was the freeway, I drove off the freeway and parked at a nearby park. Checked the tires, the car, checked if the emergency park was on... Everything was 100% fine. Nothing was showing up on my dashboard. I have a brand new range rover. It should not be driving like this. When I called Freddy's, Johnny, the supervisor was extremely helpful. So I'll actually give another star just for him. But in the end, I had to have my mother come pick up my friend and our baby because I did not feel safe driving with him in the car. Since my dealership is closed today I can only take my car in tomorrow morning, & we'll see what the issue is.
1	worst car wash in town. shawn the manger should be fired.
4	Smog check time!  Got in and out quickly and they can print your certificate and send it to DMV right then and there.   Also, you can have a pretty decent wash, wax, leather cleaning, carpet shampoo on your car while at the 24 hour fitness across the parking lot for a fairly reasonable price... and yes... someone will actually ask you if you would like your gas pumped even though it is self-serve.
