5	I had numerous problems with my Hyundai Santa Fe and they fixed them all.  The repairs were done even before I thought they would - 3 days.  I'm sure at the dealership, it would have taken double the amount of time.  I can't say enough good things about Henry and his team!  This is the second time I've used their services.  I used their services in Oct. 2009, and was just as satisfied.  I live on the West side of the Valley now, but don't mind the 13mi drive because I know I can count on being treated fairly from this company.
5	The proprietors of Good Care Transmission, Henry (actually Han) and his wife Anh-Thu Tu, obviously write integrity with capital letters. You can't find better people in Las Vegas, period! Moreover, Good Care Transmissions is not solely a transmission repair and rebuilding shop. The people at this facility are probably the most knowledgeable and talented automobile mechanics within this area. They work quickly and efficiently and will resolve engine, transmission, chassis and drive train problems that most dealership service departments will eloquently sweep under the rug -- for a customarily outrageous labor cost, of course.I own a classic Mercedes-Benz and live in Texas. Not only did Henry and his crew successfully rebuild my car's automatic transmission, they also tackled and quickly resolved complex problems that a number of shops under the auspices of MB North America failed to recognize and address.To cut a long story short, here is a small business and highly motivated people working together as a team that in my opinion performs the highest quality of work while maintaining the best possible pricing. Therefore, they also deserve my uppermost commendation.
5	I've been taking my car to Henry and his place for about two years now.  They've never let me down, and offer good prices compared to other mechanics.  They're nice people and offer top notch work.  You can't go wrong coming here.
5	I have nothing but positive things to say about Henry's place. My whole family and I have been taking our cars to him for years and we have never been let down. I recommend him to everyone. BEST mechanic in town!!
5	Read the reviews, anything less that 4 stars is a bogus review!!!! Had my 97 Lexus LS400 transmission looked at today. Cured all her ills and the black beauty is running like the proud mare that she is.Gripples
5	I can't say enough good about Henry! He is so honest he knows what he's doing is competitively priced this is a great place to go!!
5	Henry is the only guy I trust with my car he's saved me alot of money on a transmission rebuild.
