2	The technicians were pleasant to deal with. After the first repair of our heater (we'd gone 3 weeks through December without heat, waiting for home warranty to approve and schedule an appointment), the heater broke again the next day. So we spent Christmas in a cold home without heat.  After Christmas, Qual Tech sent someone out again to re-assess the heater, and found that the coils were broken and the heater needed replacing. We then spent New Years home without heat.John has always been very pleasant to talk with on the phone, has returned calls promptly, and done a great job.They were successful in persuading the Home Warranty company to provide a new heater to us, which is wonderful, extremely helpful. The home warranty company has made us do more than 7 service calls on a broken AC system through the summer... yes, unheated home in winter, uncooled home in summer, thanks to home warranty company. So we're very thankful to Qual Tech for the follow-up service calls and persuading our home warranty company to replace our heater. But the technicians (or just 1 of them, there were 2 but only 1 distinct pair of greasy footprints) managed to find a puddle of greasy oil in our garage --- I didn't know it was there, I would have cleaned it up promptly; it's come under my car in the last 2 weeks --- and there are now greasy, oily footprints all over our garage floor, in front of our door, and in and out of the garage. I've spent the last 2 hours (bad timing, lost work) trying to clean up after them. We cannot walk into our house from the garage. It's going to take a few more hours to clean this mess. I really wish A) I had known about the oil spill, I would have covered it with cardboard at least, and B) the technician had had the sense not to step in oil then spread it everywhere; AND, seeing that he'd stepped in oil, STOPPED spreading it everywhere, then cleaned up after himself.  When I do repair work, mechanical work, building work, etc, I take pride in my professionalism of cleaning up after myself and leaving the area cleaner than I found it. Most professionals I know feel and act the same way.  This may seem a small detail, but it goes a very long way in customer satisfaction. Creating a mess then leaving it behind as your calling card also leaves an indelible impression.
5	I asked my neighborhood Facebook page who they'd recommend for A/C services as ours died yesterday. They recommended Qual-Tech. I called at about 9AM and a technician was at my door at 10:45AM same day. He talked my husband through the issue and left to get the part needed. He returned 20 minutes later and had the issue fixed up in no time. The work was done quickly and the company was great. The prices were reasonable. No complaints and we will definitely use them again.
5	EXCELLENT EXCELLENT EXCELLENT!! If you need service for your air conditioning or heating, this is the company to call. I had a heater problem in the winter that was diagnosed and fixed perfectly. I just had an a/c issue and called them again. My call was handled professionally and so was the problem. First thing the service guy did at my door was identify himself and hand me his business card. Great company and will call again if ever necessary!
5	Right from the beginning everything was done professionally and courteously.  Christian introduced himself at the front door and handed me his card.  He asked the necessary questions to start to diagnose the problem and then went right to work.  He quickly diagnosed the trouble and even took a picture of it to show me when he came down out of the attic.  He obtained the parts necessary and tested everything then re installed the parts and tested the system.  When he was finished he explained everything that he had done and provided a copy of the invoice.  Couldn't ask for anything more than that.  Highly recommend.  Hope I won't need them again anytime soon but won't hesitate to call if I do.
