5	I have fallen head over heels in love with the Nearly Naked Theatre (aka N2T)! It consists of a team of local writers, actors, and technicians whose mission is to deliver entertaining theater free of censorship and corporate/political constraints. Although the theatre is small (seats 75 or so) and the sets are creatively homegrown, the writing and acting are extraordinary. I've seen Metamorphosis, Reefer Madness, The Rocky Horror Show, M. Butterfly, and Time Square Angel all in the last year and thoroughly enjoyed each and every one. I'm a huge fan and want you to be one too. So check out season 10's show schedule and support our local arts. See you at the show!
5	First, I must state that boom towns such as Phoenix never had the opportunity to gradually develop multiple facets common in all American cities as the population swelled over the years, and since the 1990s efforts to expand its dining scene, nightlife, business presence and more have begun sprouting new names across the Valley of the Sun. Regarding cultural amenities, Nearly Naked Theatre is a gem in a still-under-development city. Nearly Naked is an excellent theater group which has been around for just over a decade. Though its name insinuates nudity on stage, most plays they perform are fully clothed. However, never say never, as some actors/actresses will be on stage fully nude. That being said, they don't alter the text of plays, don't censor and don't allow business sponsors to make any suggestions. They put on an excellent "Rocky Horror Show" last year, do an annual Christmas show entitled "Times Square Angel", a dark comedy "Killer Joe" and the final show of this 2008/2009 season "Blood Brothers." The actors really get into their roles and do a great job on stage. Every show I've seen runs smoothly without a malfunction, forgotten line or otherwise. They have a Wonderful 100 program which comes with added benefits. If your primary concern is finances, then the Wonderful 100 is not an economical option. However, if you enjoy going to the theater and wish to support this group (as I do) then it is a great option, as it is extra revenue for them to keep shows coming and ensure Phoenix has another option in its cultural life. In addition to preserving this troupe, Wonderful 100 members are given advance notice of upcoming shows and are given exclusive privileges the general audience is not. They have recently acquired a beer and wine license, and now serve light drinks before, during and after the show. If you are pleased with performances, cast and crew members meet outside for a "meet and greet" with the audience. The shows are predominantly at the Little Theater of the Phoenix Theater complex on the east wing of the Phoenix Art Museum and tickets are available through their website or by calling the Box Office at the museum. As of now, June 2009, the group is finalizing its cuttent season and will begin the next season in August. The 2009/2010 season offers "Rent", "Little Dog Laughed", "Phaedra", "Times Square Angel" and "Evil Dead: The Musical" amongst others. On a personal note, I would love to see them put on "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" and the entirety of  "Angels in America" one season, though the latter is typically broken up into two running shows per season as it runs over seven hours. However, I cannot write any real complaints about the production, cast or any aspect of Nearly Naked, as I try to go for every show per season and always leave happy.
5	Nothing beats the intimacy of Nearly Naked Theatre, nor its ability to cast superb actors in gritty roles from moving plays. And last night's performance of "Blood Brothers" was no exception. It's been over a year since we first attended a production at n2t and each time adds a layer of complexity and absorption, drawing us further in to the dynamics of its theater. Understand that this is a small space with seating for, perhaps, a hundred people. Every time we've been here, it's been near- or at-capacity. After ten years of honing its craft, that isn't surprising. n2t has wisely turned away from receiving federal grants to produce its stunning work and saved itself from the bureaucratic red tape and censorship that permeates such "donations." Instead, n2t accepts donations from individuals and businesses that support the efforts to produce raw, uncensored works that are stripped down to their cored fundamentals. Thus, we get "naked" theatre...a venue so vital to the now-identifiable Downtown. I'd like to think n2t has helped to mold the direction of the region. Some tips: If you're going with a group, get there early. The doors open half and hour before show times and you'll need to be quick to hold the necessary seats. On the seats, they're not like what you get at AMC/Harkins. These seats are tough on your backside, but they are working on getting cushions for all the seats so that is temporary. Wine is now being served; bring cash. Almost every production we've seen has had smoking in it. As a former smoker this is a bit irritating but (as you can see from my rating) is forgivable. Finally, see as many performances as you can! Start early in the season and see each production. If you love theatre, love feeling like part of the play, love being close the the art and love supporting something phenomenal, n2t is the perfect venue for you.
5	What a great place! Saw Evil Dead the musical this weekend and loved the play, the theater, the seats and the parking. Small and intimate venue that we will be returning to next season without a doubt.
4	I have been to several of their productions, and each one was entertaining and full of surprises. The small venue makes it impossible to get a bad seat.  Unlike traditional theaters, audience participation is often encouraged. The scenery often looks like something out of a thrift store window or perhaps a high school production (read that as "no budget").  However, the innovation and dedication that goes into creating these props is very effective. The actors themselves range from professional to "wannabes" but that only adds to the anticipation of the production. Requirements for attending include an open mind and non-prudish ideals to attend. Enjoy!
4	Love Nearly Naked. They do the crazy, off-kilter shows you won't find anywhere else. Saw Vampire Lesbians of Sodom, Scream Queens, Snake in Fridge, Saucy Jack and the Space Vixens, Rent, and Blood Brothers. The last one was the only disappointment. All others were engaging, entertaining and memorable. You can tell the actors are jazzed to be there, and the director is living his vision without compromise.
4	The plays are great, the theatre is fun and I love the location.  If they could only pick up on the advertising so that people knew that they existed I could give them five stars.
5	Always interesting, always trying to do interesting, provocative art. If you are looking to see yet another production of Oklahoma! this is not for you. If you are looking for a show that will still have you thinking days later, this is a great theatre to check out.
5	N2T consistently mounts excellent productions in the Phoenix Theater Little Theater. They present raw and edgy productions of new and classic theater. I have been attending theatre there ever since I moved to the valley, and I am seldom disappointed. Their recent production of "Equus" was stellar. This award winning theatre company is all volunteer and deserves full houses at every production.
5	Plays are hit or miss (depending on your taste) but always a good time!
5	I visted NNT to watch their presentation of 'Pornozombies'. The show was a fun spoof of many things, but mainly poorly written and produced plays - very tongue in cheek and just a great time. I'm so glad we have theaters like this in Phoenix - the actors were fantastic and the show was just a good time. If you have a chance to check out a production here, give it a chance. Your odds are very good.
5	A while back, I saw 50 Shades of Felt ... a parody of 50 Shades of Grey for you slow pokes out there. Let me tell you, way more fun than the book. Yes, I said it. The book sucked so bad I couldn't even enjoy the sex part! The play was hilarious. They took advantage of the main character's ridiculous inner monologue and turned it into a real character--Anastasia's inner goddess became a much needed big, pink, gay, fluffy, comedic break. Thank god for that. The 50 Shades storyline was much more enjoyable knowing I wasn't the only one who thought it was stupid. Seriously, some props need to be given for turning that sloppy, pathetic book into something entertaining for more than just my vagina. Yep, I said it again.
5	Extremely intimate theatre with awesome staff!! Our first experience here and we are seeing 'Jagged Little Pill', "an impressionist theatrical journey through Alanis Morissette's most iconic record". Excited!
5	Intimate theatre with extra cushion covers on the seats :) About to see a show called "Jagged Little Pill" that uses Allanis Morissette music, we'll see how it goes!
