5	Dr. Jen is amazing. I have been seeing her for years and I cannot overstate the positive results in my overall health. She cares for her patients like they are family and treats the whole person rather than just each little ache or pain. I tell anyone who will listen to go see her!
5	Dr. Jen is a caring and intelligent chiropractor.  She works holistically to treat the patient, and the root cause, not just the symptoms.  She has great knowledge of supplement info and at home self care so that you can help yourself to heal in between visits.  She is great with kids and encourages entire families to visit together.  I have been receiving chiro care for over 20 years, and have never encountered a doctor as great and thorough as Dr. Jen!!
5	I used to think all chiropractors were quacks. Even when I was in a few car accidents and needed help, I couldn't get relief with a chiropractor. Then I met Dr. Jen. I absolutely love her. She is very knowledgeable, caring, and thorough. I have been seeing her for 8 months, and have had awesome results. I have sent many friends and business partners to her, and they all agree: Dr. Jen is the best!
1	Worst experience at a doctor's office. The front desk girl, Bekka, was overly friend to a point of letting her lack of knowledge and professionalism shine through. She is sadly another "yes" girl when addressing concerns and needs of a client but does not fulfill the shoes needed to perform the important tasks associated with such a position in a doctor's office. After making reassuring me on the phone that I could come in for a last minute appt within 30 mins of our phone conversation, I arrived to receive the surprise of spending 40 minutes on paperwork. Granted the paperwork needed to be completed, however, if I was told such a large amount of paperwork was required to be filled prior to being seen, I would have just stopped by to pick up the packet and made my appt for another day. Instead, I sat down and upon finally finishing was informed about 10 mins later that the doctor was leary of my car accident having taken place out of state because "she wants to make sure she gets paid", per Bekka. Now considering the fact that I cleared with Bekka on the phone prior to coming that their office did indeed accept car accident cases and lien payments (payment from the settlement of the car accident). Bekka happily informed me that yes their office did manage those types of cases. Additionally, I was informed through Bekka that I would still have to provide my own car insurance information, the other driver's car insurance information AND sign a payment liability form before the doctor would agree to see me. I also told Becca that my insurance provided medical pay coverage therefore would cover up to $5000 of medical costs for the accident. I thought I was set, but wait, there's more...!Note my appt was supposed to have been at 5:30, but by now it is almost 6:30pm, and not once have I even caught a glimpse of this Doctor "Jen". What I saw were several clients, even last minute clients walking in AND out after treatments as I sat like a fool waiting and waiting for this mysterious Dr. Jen. From what I could see the mysterious Dr. Jen did have the courtesy to even take 5 minutes to talk to me herself. If she had thought about taking that little bit of time, it certainly could have made the situation slightly less aggravating. Instead what I received was zilch from the mysterious Dr. Jen and annoying conversation from Bekka the front desk donkey who apparently was afraid to approach the doctor to ask her a question for me, which was whether I was even going to get treated or not that night.Bekka wanted me to be patient and wait for the family of six, yes 6, five of who were all getting adjustments. Oh yes, sure, I am sitting in pain for almost an hour and a half to see a doctor who will certainly get paid very well for everything provided in service, but apparently treatments for me were not a priority nor is/was generating new business. Guess that is partly why she keeps her office open 3 days out of the week instead of bringing in more doctors to offer treatment to more patients. Apparently, business management was not part of this doctor's curriculum at school. My paperwork was done, so what's the problem?? It is now 6:45 their office closes at 7:00pm and wonderful little Ms. Becca comes up with another ridiculous, giggly approach to TELL me "it's getting late", and do I want to reschedule for two days later! THE NERVE! If these two clowns communicated effectively with one another and brought in the patient to further communicate perhaps less time will be wasted for the new patient. I told Bekka that I would allow one more shot in waiting for her to go in to ask the doctor if I was going to be treated or not after this large family. Bekka said "ok" but in stead went behind the front desk to start checking out the large family. I walked up to her and asked her to return my paperwork because the experience I just had with them left a terrible impression on me and I do not feel comfortable in having the mysterious Dr. Jen treat me now or in the future. Clueless as ever, Bekka asked me "so you don't want to reschedule for Thursday?" I said NO!, annoying me further she asks "are you sure?" GEEZ. I left their office so angry and bid them good riddance. Final words from Ms. "Everbright" Bekka, "hope you feel better!"I would never recommend this chiro to ANYONE. Just terrible. I finally found a great chiro not much further with a highly professional staff. Additionally, this office offers so much of the newer technology in their treatments that after the first couple of treatments I was feeling a great deal better. So if you are looking for a fantastic chiropractor check out the AZ Chiro Center in Peoria. What a night and day difference. This review is the final look at the terrible time I experienced at the mysterious Dr. Jen's office...I wonder if she really exists since I never saw a real person attached to the name...Good luck to those seeking chiropractic treatments.
5	Dr. Jen is amazing and her love and compassion for families is awesome! My boys love seeing Dr. Jen and my three year old pretends to be "Dr. Jen" to his older brother. Becca is kind and warmhearted and their office is beautiful. Dr. Jen shares the same philosophies as our family and she is very educated and knowledgeable!We highly recommend Healthy Family Chiropractic!
5	My kids and I love healthy family chiropractic. Becca is the sweetest front office assistant. Not only does she take the time to listen to patients, she actually cares enough to ask about you life. She even remembers not only your name, but whatever you talked with her about with your ailments, pains, or even life in general.  Becca is so great at helping determine if insurance will cover things. I have a 5 year old, a 1 year old and myself all of which are on different insurance. She helped me determine the best most economical path for the treatment of my entire family, based on several calls to each insurance company.  Becca is going to school to study chiropractic as well. Her spirited demeanor and general friendliness is quite refreshing in today's self absorbed society. Becca and Dr Jen even get up early and get produce to share with (donate to) customers from co-op and bulk food services. The generosity and love from this office is incredible. Dr Jen is absolutely amazing. My kids love her. She is gentle and kind to my boys. She asks always about how things are going. She offers insight and additional homeopathic options to things plaguing my toddler and myself. She genuinely cares about her patients and their lives. Dr Jen has given me referrals to chiropractors she knows out of state when we travel, and for family members out of state. She provides literature for different ailments (headaches, back pain, nexk pain, pregnancy, etc) and how chiropractic can help.  One of the things I love most about Dr Jen is her ability to give advice and recommendations without being judgmental. She just wants the best for you as a patient and human being, and respects your right to choose the alternative that is best for you. I also love how she always asks about my stress and my life and how things are going. She is supportive and sincere in her interest in her patients. She offers cutting edge technology along with the research insights and experience of a top notch professional in chiropractic care. She offers laser therapy treatments as well as subluxation. She attends conferences to stay up on current research and findings. She is simply amazing. One other thing I love, she has a beautiful daughter that gives her a special touch and understanding for both parents and children. Becca and Dr Jen both get adjusted weekly. You can tell they really believe in the quality of life that chiropractic care offers those being adjusted.
