4	This is the resort course for the Pointe Tapatio Cliffs Hilton.  Not an easy trek by any stretch of the imagination, but nevertheless a playable course for virtually anyone.  Desert golf is great in that low-index golfers can be challenged by the requirement to play target golf.  High handicap or newer golfers should enjoy the fact that the desert conditions make it very easy to find errantly hit balls and place them back in the fairway.  (Don't try to hit off the desert dirt unless you hate your clubs.)There are a couple difficult forced carries but as long as you pick the correct tee box, they are all manageable.  Course conditions are always immaculate.  (I've probably played here 20 times over the past 5 years.)  The greens fees are a little on the high side, but then again this is resort golf and that is to be expected.My only complaint is the service.  The guys who work the carts need to grow up and act a little more mature.  I get tired of standing there watching towel fights or two guys arguing over who can hit a golf ball farther.  I don't know why, but this seems to have gotten worse in the past year.
4	I have not even swung a golf club in more than 2 months...how does that even happen?So, in an effort to make myself look as foolish as possible, I decided that I a needed to tee it up at Lookout Mountain, the resort course at the Pointe Hilton at Tapatio Cliffs, for my comeback round:)This sporty little course isn't very long (a little over 6500 yards from the tips), but don't let the lack of sheer yardage fool you... the course is a challenge, esp. played from the tips.The driving areas are all relatively tight (you should only be thinking "driver" on 4 holes...all the rest need more precision than a driver will allow...at least for me:)There are pretty views to distract you and claustrophobic tee boxes and sight lines to worry you, so that adds to the fun:)There's definitely a reason this course is routinely ranked in the top 25 in Arizona and the top 400 in the US:)Lookout Mountain has a very nice practice range near the first tee (which, in this interesting layout, is a mile away from the resort, main clubhouse and the bar:(The course was in good shape (they have had problems from time to time with burnout on the greens, but not apparently this year:)Service is exactly what you would expect from a good resort course...all the staff call you sir and they cannot wipe your clubs down often enough...they bring ice towels out to you on the course...the beverage cart girls are all pleasant and friendly and they have a charming little snack shack at the 10th tee...the highest point at the Pointe:)From there, it's an entertaining little tee shot from a cliff onto a sidewalk that will set the tone for your back nine:)Sadly, in the only thing that I don't really like about this place, you can't  sit at the bar and watch vanquished golfers stagger off the 18th green (which is always part of the fun:)...there's a "pro shack"/starters house at the18th green/range complex, but that doesn't get the job done.In an effort to really turn my comeback round into something really ugly, I hit exactly 21 range balls and rolled 5 putts to warm up...after more than 2 months of no play:)But, it all worked out and I managed to play my way around Lookout Mountain in fairly good order.Give Lookout Mountain a try...they have some good rates (now that summer is here) for this entertaining little layout:)Oh, my round...78, from the tips...ice cold:) I am back, baby:)
3	A decent mountain-style course.  The first 6 holes are fairly straightforward, the next 12 get nasty!Do Not Plan To Walk This Course!  Get the cart!The ladies who work here are all fantastic and very pleasant.  The males are all uber A-Types who are pissed at the world because they work at a Golf Course.  The starter we met was a total doucher.Go if you get a rate.  Not worth full price.
5	Great guys at the pro shop!! I think we bought them out of the new Nike colored golf belts! Thanks so much for the hook up and getting me in and out quick when buying the pink belt for my wedding day!!!
5	There are fancier golf courses but overall this place is a low 5 star golf course.  It is challenging, beautiful and fun to play golf here.  It is confusing for first timers as you first go the club pro shop which is not connected to the golf course.  But once you get through that, it is a blast to have access to free range balls and to practice the short game.  The holes are nicely landscaped and the greens were cut short for a true roll.  Some of the signature holes were intimidating but so fun to figure out where to place the ball.  We got a huge discount with a golfnow golf caddy deal for $50 which quickly sold out.  I think this place is worth their full price fee but it was so nice to play for less.
4	Challenging greens with unexpected slopes and fairways with tons of surprises. We played the forward tees but the championship tours looked really challenging!  Love the lunch that you call in at the 8th hole and then eat on your way to the 10th.  Not very much water on the grounds. Overall we had a great experience and we would definitely play this course again or even bring friends to it.
4	Nice course... Couldn't argue with the price, staff, overall set up.Challenging for sure.The first 5 or 6 holes are pretty easy and then it gets difficult.I would play here again...
5	Love this course. Play it every time I'm in the Phoenix area because the price is right, the staff is friendly, and the course is always in great shape. Last time I was here I was paired with the head instructor that was giving a playing lesson for six holes. Super nice guy and made the round that much more enjoyable. This is what I think of when I think resort style golf course.
5	Played this course for the first time yesterday and I loved it. It was a fun and challenging course. Greens were in great shape as well. The sights were amazing as you play through the mountains. The staff was very friendly and helpful. When you finish playing they give you an ice cold towels that has a mango scent to them.... Loved that! I will be returning to play very soon.
5	One of my favorite courses in the Phoenix area. Love the elevation changes on the back 9. Staff is always great. Start of back 9 has a little hut for lunch that you place the order on 8. Usually a little bit of a wait on 10, but with the view you can't get mad...
