4	Clean, affordable, friendly technicians--I am picky when it comes to manicures and pedicures but I go here frequently.  The only drawbacks?  They don't carry too many Essie colors and there's usually a wait (even if you've made an appointment).
3	This place is good, I think it really deserves 3.5 stars.  They are friendly here and do a good job, but the wait can be horrible.  Making an appointment doesn't seem to help, you still have to wait.  If you go during an off-time this place is great.
3	I got dragged here on Saturday after grabbing a bite and coffee at the adjacent Bruegger's/Caribou Coffee, and while I'll never be getting a mani/pedi, I could appreciate how this place was run. Just super efficient: lots of chairs or stations or whatever, lots of employees, and very little waiting time: everyone was being tended to. I got a big Sex and the City vibe: lots of late twenties or thirty-something women reading magazines or gossiping while their feet were scrubbed and lotioned up. Overall, this place is super clean and new-seeming. And everyone there was friendly. I'll take it.
2	I went here yesterday with my diva sister because she's raved about this place before; however, I was not very satisfied. It would have been a much better experience had the techs actually talked to us like we were people instead of gossiping with themselves in their native language and looking at us like we were beneath them. Not to mention my tech got a little instrument happy (similar to the dental hygienist and her scrapey thing) and ended up cutting my finger. That's when I really got ticked off. She doesn't know me but I'm kind of a germophobe and things like that TOTALLY ruin the ENTIRE experience for me. Don't think I'll be going back.
4	I have never waited long here, so I am confused on some of the other posts.  This is the ONLY place I go for manis and pedis.  They give the longest and best leg and foot massages!!  Let's be serious, why else would you get a pedi?!  The staff is also great.
4	I wholeheartedly agree with Jessica B's review.   This is the ONLY place I go for manis and pedis in Charlotte.  They give the longest and best leg and foot massages!!   It's rare that I have to wait if I go before early afternoon and even Saturday mornings.
5	This is by far my fav nail salon in charlotte.  This is the ONLY place I have gone to where I can get a shellac mani, a pedicure and be out of there in 35 to 45 minutes.  The staff is extremely nice and attentive.  The shop is small but clean, and parking is never an issue because there are plenty of spots.I enjoy going here for the great service and the convenience of being in out of there so quickly!
4	Alittle pricey, but WONDERFUL massages!! She spent a lot of time on both my legs and arms! Very clean and great color options!
