5	I have been hunting for a new pair of prescription glasses for over a year.  If anyone has spent over $500 on a new pair you want to make sure you find the right one.  I hunted high and low and narrowed it to two styles.  Right before pulling the trigger at my optometrist shop I needed one more day to do just one more check.  (not the first time I was uncertain about a glass purchase).  I had just seen a pair of amazing glasses on a commercial and tracked down the designer (Tom Ford).  Called a few shops in Phoenix and the only people who had it was this store!  I tried them on and loved them.  I worked with the store manager Maher (?) and he was fantastic.  Just the right kind of salesperson one is looking for - helpful but not pushy.  After buying the frames (at a really good price - cheaper than online retailers) and getting in new lens I am so happy.Got loads of compliments from my co-workers when I wore them to work the first time.
5	I had purchased a pair of glasses from this company in 2009. They were excellent: high quality - great customer service and extremely knowledgeable. A few days ago, the temple piece broke away from the lens. It couldn't have come at a worse time because I had a flight to the east coast 3 days later. I called and the owner, Mehr Khavari told me to come in. He did a 'rush' order and had my new lens' back within 72 hours. I should mention that my prescription is not capable of being filled with "stock" lens. He certainly did not have to jump through these hoops to make this happen. The tremendous customer service, follow up, and personal attention has earned a loyal customer. I would recommend them to anyone.
5	Got a great pair of sunglasses from them 2 years ago and have had many compliments. They worked with me to get frames I liked and that could be used with a prescription. Well the other day I dropped them in the parking lot right on the lenses. This pitted them right in the line of sight. I stopped by on Monday and they said they could have the lenses in 2 days and grind the script while I waited. Wow, that was great news since I was going to be out of town in a few days and didn't want to be without them for 1-2 weeks like most places that send them off to have the script done. This place is the best for style and service!!
5	I first visited their Scottsdale store, and now have had several pairs of glasses done at the Arrowhead store. The staff is knowledgeable, friendly, and very professional. They have a beautiful selection of designer and some hard-to-find unique frames and their lab flawlessly creates my difficult prescription. They have a refreshing attitude that if it's not right, they will make it right.  Would highly recommend.
1	Horrible service...I went in to look for some sunglasses as they seem to carry a great selection of some things you can't get at Sunglass Hut but the rudeness of the person working there turned me off very quickly.I was looking at a pair of glasses and the price tag was covering some information on them so I was trying to move it so I could read.  The person belong me reprimanded for doing so like I was doing something criminal.  Then I asked what the name of the style was for another and was asked why I wanted to know.When I spend $200+ on things I like to look up information.  Materials, spec, origin, etc...Won't be shopping here and would not recommend if you have to deal with this person.  Their selection was good but service is part of the business when you sell higher end items...
5	I am very satisfied with my recent prescription glasses.  The owner Mehr is a true craftsman.   I require a very high correction and he was able to fit me perfectly in a distinctive frame without the thick lenses.  Paris Optique is a 50 mile trip from home but definitely worth the  drive .  Bespoke service and results at a reasonable price!
