4	My first visit here was with a gift certificate that a client gave me. I was very impressed with the atmosphere at Ballantyne Nail Spa. Very clean, professional, and classy.They have a decent selection of polishes to choose from. There are at least 8 pedicure, massaging chair stations in addition to the 6 (?) manicure-only tables. Like any good nail salon, you are offered a free beverage of your choice (anything from bottled water to chilled wine).I was very pleased with my mani-pedi both times I've been here. The chair is very relaxing, hand and feet massages are amazing, wax dip and heated booties are the bomb. I really like the fragrances of all the products they use here too.Nail technicians have been very professional and talented. I like that if you don't want to chat, you just want to close your eyes and relax they are quiet and accommodating OR if you want to chat and be friendly, they are ready for a light conversation.On my second visit I tried the acrylic gels on my nails only. The extra $ is totally worth it! Especially if you're going to the beach or on vacation out of town. My nails stayed perfect for just over a week. Only 1 nail chipped a bit on the second week, but that was it... the rest stayed flawless.Make sure you bring cash for tipping.
5	Best pedicure I've ever had.
4	This was my first visit here and I had a great pedicure. They take their time and did an excellent job. They even did a hot wax treatment. The salon was clean & very busy even at 12pm on a Sunday when they opened. I would make an appointment or go on a week night.
3	Initially I thought I LOVED this place due to the fact that they were 1) Clean2) Served Wine while you are being serviced3) Very FriendlyI'm from Chicago and lived in the DMV for 2 years prior to moving to Charlotte 2013 so it's hard to find what you had and I've tried salon after salon and I feel like every salon here don't use the original products Opi Gel and Gelish. I think the salons here water the gel down because there is NO WAY that a gel polish should peel or chip or be see through after 4days. Where I'm from my Gelish or Opi gel lasted TWO WEEKS which is why I kept a standing two week appointment which is perfect.My additional issue is finding people in Charlotte to file my nails the way I wear them which is pointed (I've been wearing my nails like this for years and it's now a trend that Rhianna and Beyonce are rocking so you would think that salons in Charlotte would read Cosmo or other mags that they have on display to see the trend and learn to do it).I finally found a woman here to do my nails in the shape I wanted and her name was Tammy, however I called to make my standing two week appointment and was told she doesnt' work there anymore :-( So I now have to search and hunt for another salon. I will still go to this salon just until I find a salon and I now buy my own gelish and take it with me (I enjoy the wine here).
5	I have had a lot of pedicures in my time and I have to say the absolute BEST pedicures I've ever had have come from here!!  Let me preface by saying I am really hard on my feet (especially in the summer time). I walk around barefoot, wear sandals/flip flops 24/7, and am very lackadaisical about using lotion.  However, when I leave here my feet always look like a million dollars and feel that way too. Not only do you get a basic pedicure but you get the leg massage, leg scrub, and they even do a paraffin wax dip. All for the same price as a basic pedicure everywhere else. Generally speaking these added extras are considered on the spa pedicure level and cost an extra 20-25 dollars. Here however it's standard, but the talent here is anything but standard. A++ all around. The chairs are comfortable and everything is very clean. The atmosphere is very relaxing and they really take their time (yet are efficient). Honestly it's some of the best 30-45 minutes I've spent lol. I'm taking my mom here at some point this weekend. She's only ever had one pedicure and she loved it but I think this place will really knock her socks off!!
3	I just moved to the area and this is the second salon I have decided to try out based on reviews from yelp. I had never had a pedicure as luxurious as the one I received from Ballantyne and I was pleasantly surprised. They only have one type of pedicure available, which is $35 (a little more expensive than I'm used to), but I felt I got my money's worth. They offer a paraffin wax treatment at the end which was a nice touch. However when it came to the polish, unfortunately it looked like a toddler had painted my nails. I have never done this before, but I had to ask the owner to re-paint them. With all do respect, I think my technician was very new and she did give a great massage. I went on a Sunday at about 1pm and during my 45 min pedicure, the place became packed and very busy. The phone rang a lot during the time I was there and while they claim to take appointments (I thought I made one before going) they really just take your name and time and tell you to come without writing anything down. She must have told 4 people they can come at 2:00 that day! It seemed very unorganized and frantic when it got busy. I would go again during the week at an off time when the technicians aren't rushed and the environment is a little more relaxed.
5	This is my favorite nail place in Charlotte. Everyone was so friendly and made me feel so comfortable and everything felt so super clean. I especially liked that the lady made sure to tell me the price before I picked colors or anything- just since it was my first time there. I am 7.5 months pregnant and these ladies made me feel like a queen. I especially loved chatting with the lady (wish I knew her name) who has a 7 month old baby at home and getting all kinds of tips about the hospital and whatnot that no one ever seems to think to tell a new mom. I love that the basic service here included a parafin dip and that they will do both your nails and toes at the same time, so you can just sit back and truly feel pampered. It has been almost a week since I have been and my feet are still feeling super soft and even the hubs commented on how much better they were after this place than any other one that I have been to recently. I am hoping to see these ladies at least one more time before this little baby girl gets here to make sure that my nails are in tip top shape for her arrival.
4	I love the fact that this salon is very clean, friendly, professional and has plenty of space so you never feel crowded. And... they have Sunday hours. Makes my life so much easier as I frequently travel and Sundays are my day to slow down and regroup. All the technicians are good but I do have my favorites! Give them a try.
5	The place is very clean and well kept, service is always great and attentive.  I would not go anywhere else.
3	Not my usual salon but its closer to my house and I was in a time crunch and needed a mani/pedi... nice interior, clean, they were friendly. Was a decent mani/pedi... better than a lot of other places... prices were decent, I had thought because of the location they would be higher. There were a lot of older ladies there, most seemed to be regular.. the one next to me was a bit high maintenance and they did a good job of taking care of her. I am still partial to my usual salon but would reccomend this to somebody who is looking and in the area.
5	This place is great. I recently moved to the area so I'm "Salon-hopping". Everyone is very friendly. I got basic colors and the paraffin is AH-MAY-ZING!!!! And as most people have already mentioned the best perk is the complimentary wine.There were no questions asked when I told her that I wanted my acrylic mani very very short as I work with my hands every day. Special attention to decor like the sunflowers around the curtains make this place one of a kind. This is a great gift for someone else or for yourself.I always forget to bring cash for the tip.... but make sure to pay a little extra to help with the extra charges.
