4	While I swore I'd never write up a fast food chain review, I have to give this location a nod, as it had no reviews, and frankly, it deserves the compliment.Reason being?  I got very courteous, very polite, very efficient service.  The guy who was behind the drive-thru window this last Monday was as polite as he could be.  I don't know whether it was the result of a competent manager training program, or his momma simply raised him right, but I usually don't expect compliments when I get an average fast food burger.  Nice kid.Plus, my order was completely 100% correct, and I simply have to make note of that.  While every experience down the road may not be as favorable or as agreeable as this one was,  you have to give credit where it's due.
3	Ok, BK, really? Now Im not one of those little food snobs, and Im a cheap beezy so after paying outta my butt for my car here is where I came for a little treat!I only came for a ice cream sundae after Savers, and I went through the drive through. Now they recently remodeled this place, and its like stupid the way they put the exit right by the exit onto Lake Mead. You would think they wouldve made the opening big enough to enter AND exit, alas there is a sign to not turn into the drive thru... OK? SOOOOO if youre going to try and enter after leaving Chase, Savers, or any of those places you technically are supposed to go all the way around to enter. I was like wtf? and just went through anyway bc I had already pulled half way in. So I proceed to order my ice creams and the guy was ok, not amazing or super nice just ok. Service was quick but he gave me a dumb look when I asked him for a cup holder for 3 sundaes and a cup of water... hello bro! I dont have 4 cup holders! Anywho ice cream was yummy as usual and service was semi quick, not bad, just a weird drive thru entrance, and a huge slope going down the drive thru.. haha. Ill probs come back, I do love their 1$ sundaes!
2	This review is based totally on one thing and one thing only. OK. Maybe two things. When you go to Burger King, you know what's coming. I got a Whopper combo. And decided to give the new Chicken Parm a shot. I don't know what they are trying to pass off as marinara, but its not even close to being good. Now for the next complaint. The lady at the window asked if I needed ketchup. Good job on that. Usually you aren't even asked if you want it. My response was yes. A LOT OF KETCHUP, please! So how many do I get? Four. Four! You have to be kidding me! For a Whopper and an order of fries? Tsk tsk tsk.
4	Good Chicken club, fries were hot... just couldnt understand person on intercom clearly..over all it was OK
4	This is a nice BK.  The building has been remodeled and looks great.  The inside is pretty and looks very modern.  They have the usual seating as well as a little cove with couches and cushy seats to sit and have a coffee.  The playground area is nice and big.  It is 2 stories with a lot of room for the kiddos to run around in.  There is pretty limited seating for adults though with only 3 tables available.  Another bonus was the new automated soda machine.  I love these machines and the abundance of soda choices.  Yummy!  Overall it was a nice BK as compared to the others I have visited.
