5	What kind of idiot thinks it's a good idea to keep a mountain lion in a central Phoenix apartment?  Well at least that cat was able to go for car rides and walks before being confiscated.  Unlike the tortured 12-pound bobcat that had been used for target practice that was found wandering with five feet of tow chain still around her neck.  Sadly, both of these animals will never live in the wild, but they have found a home with Southwest Wildlife.This non-profit receives no state or federal funding, but with donations and volunteers, it has been able to take in thousands of wild animals that were either injured, orphaned, or confiscated.  Its primary mission is to provide the medical care necessary to rehabilitate these animals and return them to the wild if possible, and they do just that in the majority of cases.    But since some animals can never be released, SW Wildlife is an accredited sanctuary and can provide these animals with a permanent home.  It is also a holding facility for the Mexican Gray Wolf Recovery Program.I had the opportunity to tour the facility and was pleased to find it clean and the animals appeared to be well-cared for.  Some are very social with their care-givers and come right up to the fencing for their treat.  But who wouldn't find a fresh mouse appetizing?  Five stars for sure.  Their enclosures certainly cannot compare to the area the animal would naturally inhabit in the wild, but they have a decent amount of space and are given enrichment items as well.  They all seemed relatively content.  We had the opportunity to see mountain lions, a bear, coyotes, bobcats, wolves, peccaries, and deer that day.  Tours are available by appointment and cost only $10.  Also, the address in the Yelp listing is the mailing address.  The physical location is in the McDowell Mountain area, strangely in a rural residential area.  A map is on the website.  Allow ample time to get there.  I allowed 30 minutes from south Scottsdale and was late. Dynamite Rd looks really close to Shea on the map.  Apparently it is not.  Luckily we found a volunteer to connect us with our tour as there is no office open to the public that I could see.  Best $20 spent in a long time, and I didn't even eat!
5	Called and booked a tour for my family and it was great. Many animals to look at up close and personal. Highly recommended for the animal lovers out there.
5	Great tour and education about the three Rs rescue, rehab and release. Very friendly employees and amazing animals. Worth the trip from anywhere. I hope to volunteer soon!
