4	Hey Guys, This place is awesome....but I could be jaded because of all the wonderful wines I sampled! From the gris, cabs, sparkling shiraz, riesling to the chardonnay, this shop had what we were looking for and what we weren't looking for! The atmosphere was amazing and quiet for a Thursday night get together. Our hostess was sweet and doted to our every need. The food was amazing. I completely recommend the crocodile pot stickers. For exotic wines and exotic meats appetizers, look up Down Under Wines!
5	Wow, what a wine bar!  I loved it here!   I was impressed from the moment I walked in.  Here's why:For starters, they have indoor and outdoor seating. I felt relaxed and welcome from the moment I walked into this place.  Great setup, with ample seating throughout the location.  In the center of the bar, there are huge wine barrels set up with glass on top for seating.  In the center of the barrel are a bunch of corks, and you could easily seat 4 at each table.  They also have a bar as well, a couch at the front of the store, and a few tables off to the side.  Plenty of patio seating as well!I was immediately greeted by the owner, who is Australian.  He got me a drink as soon as I entered, and I continued to walk around and observe.He carries a bunch of wines, along with a great variety of accesories to go with it.  Corkscrews, books, wine racks, decorative items, etc.   Great selection of items.I find that this place is really worth going to.  He has great hours, the place is well decorated, and has an original "feel" to it.  The owner guy says he's been there for about 6 years.The only negative thing I have to write is that most of this merchandise you can find cheaper elsewhere.  (I got my wine rack at Cost plus Market for half the price he was charging.)  I noticed his wine selection was reasonable and large, and he seemed to have a fair selection for great prices.  But, as I mentioned earlier, things like corkscrews, wine racks, and general decor I felt was overpriced. Thats okay, I'm here for the wine anyways!
4	Down under wines in Chandler is a cozy little wine shop/wine bar/tasting room and almost restaurant.  I've been coming here since it opened (as Red Kangaroo) and I've seen it change and grow over time.  I liked it from the beginning and I like it even more now.  Here's why:  Down Under is completely unpretentious and cozy.  The patrons are as unique as the employees and the wines.  Yes, just like the name would imply they focus on wines from Australia but they also carry a few wines from around the world.  The staff is happy to share a bit of knowledge about Australian wine history, wine regions and specific wineries if you ask.  I personally like to learn the details about the wines I drink but of course the most important part is the enjoyment so don't worry, you can skip the lesson if you prefer.  The decor underwent a remodel not too long ago based on a feng shui analysis and I must say it looks fabulous!  It is definitely more inviting, comfy and I think promotes socializing.  It also gives much more space for the events that they hold on a fairly regular basis.  I highly recommend you check out the Flamenco Dancing.  They do a great wine tasting on Friday & Saturday nights and then there is always 'Tarot Tuesdays'. Down Under also has some yummy eats!  Do try the Bruschetta.  They have 3-4 different toppings but my favorite is the wild mushroom & goat cheese. The cheese plates are also a good choice.  They add dried fruits, nuts and grapes and the presentation is lovely.  A perfect compliment to the wines!  You can try crocodile pot stickers and kangaroo meat if you're feeling adventurous.  I've tried a few of their other items and never had a bad experience.  Check the website and calendar for a full list of events but definitely go check out Down Under wines!
4	If you are a fan of Down Under then you already know they moved!  If you've not been yet...here is the new info:Down Under Wines & Bistro1422 W. Warner RoadGilbert, AZ 85233Phone: (480) 545-4900 Email: greataussiewine@earthlink.netThey have a really great patio now and more seating inside.  I was afraid I would not like it as much as the old (yes...fear of change) but it really is great.  Different...but great!  I think the wine selection is less but the food choices are slightly expanded and the quality is wonderful!They have ongoing wine tastings that cannot be beat!  They bring in many of the actual winemakers and a couple I"ve met have flown in from Austrailia!  They also have very knowledgable local wine reps in as well do I say again, you really can not go wrong here! The ony reason I help back a star...is there desserts.  I don't see it on the on-line menu but there is this dessert listed on the menu in the restaurant that has me all excited and dying to try it but they have not had it available 3 visits now!!  Roger, darling...quite teasing us with it!  Get it in or take it off the menu and replace it with some other fabulous item we chocolate and wine addicts can partake of.  Happy hour is every night but don't miss the Fri/Sat $20.00 event!  Best value in town for wine and great food!!  Cheers!
