5	This is our go to spot for all our pet supplies. They have the best prices on horse, dog, bird, bunny and cavy supplies!  Stop by and see their gorgeous parrot collection, too! They will custom order just about any supply you need if they don't have it--in 8 years we've only needed one thing they didn't stock!The owners, Tommy and Cookie, are as nice as can be and their son is usually on hand to help load the heavy bags in your vehicle. We get our propane tanks filled for the best price we've found in all of Charlotte.  They are technically on Moore, but face out to Independence as well. Right near 485, sort of hidden behind the Pizza Hut.  Note: They used to be at 51/Idlewild. M-F 8 to 8Sat 8-5Sun 1-6
5	Our new address is 1900 Moore Rd., Matthews, NC 28105--get the address right.  RAW DOG FOOD can be found hereJust a customer trying to correct the address :):):)
5	For first time chicken buyers, my husband and I were nervous. We went to this feed store and most of our fears were settled. The employees are super kind, friendly, and helpful!They have everything in there, except animals. However, they have a bulletin board for neighbors to put info on selling stock. We were pleased to see that we could buy chicken feed and our dog food all in one place! They sell regular food and holistic/organic options. Bonus, if you live where deer come around, they have bags of corn. Yes, it's beginning to be like a petting zoo around my house.I found the store itself very well stocked and organized. In fact, it was really clean. I wish it was closer to where I live because I would make frequent stops for all my animal food needs. The prices are good and a bit cheaper than I found from online carriers.
5	Been going there for years and even before they had this new location. Good prices and great customer service.
5	Outstanding selection, priced right, and fabulous staff.I get everything for my mini farm here. Organic Chicken feed is a mega plus for me.  No where else in a 50 mile radius from me has it.Great selection on dog and cat food too and about 10$ a bag cheaper than petco.Staff is very knowledgeable and they always bring they food to the car for you.Awesome and highly recommended $!!!
5	Way better than the Big Red store, service service service,  I have Horses and chickens and it is nice to have someone help load up.
