5	This place has a great staff. Its nice and clean and they SANITIZE!
4	I like this place because they were really kind and patient with me because I wasn't completely sure what I wanted to get. I loved how my nails came out at the end and the workers are really nice. The reason they didn't get 5 stars is because one of my nails cracked after 3 days when I was just tapping on some glass. I am not saying I blame them but I don't know if it was just not so great quality on this one nail. Otherwise I do plan on going again! :)
5	This place is awesome. Clean, good location, great staff, great prices. I went in for a mani/pedi and they got to me right away. The conversation ranged from music to politics to tattoos, and I felt comfortable from the moment I sat down. Angel and Harry are amazing. I love this place.
5	Love the cleanliness and friendly staff!  They also listen to what services you truly want verses what you didn't ask for.
5	I went to Exquisite Nails after a recommendation from one of my co-workers on my lunch break. Upon entering I was greeted immediately and seated immediately. The place was very clean, nice friendly staff. A lovely women named Lacey did a fill on my nails and she did a wonderful job at fixing my nails that were not up to par from a previous place I had gone. She was able to do everything I asked .. the length was perfect and exactly what I asked for. She was chatting and friendly. She made my nails look beautiful and I was very happy with the outcome. I will definitely be returning as this will be my new regular nail salon.
5	Very nice salon! The decor is nicer than most salons. The massage chairs for the pedicures are nicer than other salons too. Very clean! The staff is so friendly! I will definitely go back!
5	Absolutely loved this place. I got acrylics with the glitter gel tips, and they turned out perfect. Not only did they have a TON of colors to choose from, they also had different kinds of glitters to pretty much fit whatever you want. The lady that did my nails was very good. I pointed out a little spot on my nail for her to fix and she fixed it, no problem, no attitude, nothing. Definitely will be going here from now on. The salon is nice and clean and nicer then your typical nail salon. Everyone was very nice as well. Very, very satisfied. If you go, ask for Kay!
5	After leaving another nail shop (get nailed...a joke), we stumbled across this nail shop while looking for another. Very clean, professional staff, and a pleasant atmosphere. Reasonably priced too.  When I'm back in Las Vegas, I'll be sure to visit.
4	Went for a pedicure due to the Yelp recommends.  I agree this is a very good place. It is very clean with  very nice chairs for the pedicure and Angela the nail lady did a good job.Only complaint, had to wait a half hour since there were only two employees working, but other than that all was A-OK.
5	Thank you yelpers! I trusted your 5 star ratings and great reviews and it led me to this place. Very clean and friendly staff here. I had been going to the same place for a few months now and was starting to get underwelmed with their service. So I tried this place today and was ecstatic with the job Harry did on my nails. He took his time to make sure they were even and that there were no imperfections. He was very knowledgeable about nails and science behind it. Needless to say, this will now be my regular spot to get my nails done. Also, great prices! I got a fill and it was $15. I saw a sign out front that had a special $20 for a full set. They also do pedicures, gel Polish, glitter acrylic nails and waxing. Once again,  thank you yelpers for leading me to an excellent business!!
5	I adore this place. They always do a great job! I get gel nails and they always last for a long time and they have great customer service :)It is helpful to make an appointment, but I've never had to wait longer than 20 minutes.
4	I am a pretty straightforward, no-frills customer. I have been to Exquisite Nails twice, even though they are a bit out of the way for me. The salon is clean, comfortable and quiet. I make appointments and go at mid-day, mid-week so I never have to wait. I bring my own polish.They use a fresh sealed pack of tools for each customer, which I appreciate. I have natural nails and I get just the basic mani/pedi--which does include massage and scrub.I deducted one star because quality of the paint job seems to vary a bit depending on who did my nails. The first technician did an impeccable job, and on my second visit, my tech seemed a bit less experienced but willing to fix the few little problems I noticed.
4	After i moved here from southern cali in Jan, i had a very hard time finding a nail salon i liked. I came here about 7 months ago and have been back only to this place!  it is very clean and they seem to take their time and not rush.  I have had my nails done by various people there, but Lily is my fav.  I have been requesting her for the past months!  Thank you guys for the great work!
5	I love this place!!  I've been all over town looking for a great place by either my mom or I (we love to go together) but every where we've been is just not up to par.  I happened to notice when they first opened and we said why not.  So glad we did!!  This place is always, always clean, everyone is always really nice, and they all seem to do a wonderful job!!  Harry is my mom's favorite but I've had a great experience with everyone I've seen.  Something else I've noticed but no one else has mentioned, is that they don't use the harsh chemicals so it's never stinky so I can bring my son when I can't get a sitter (and, when I do, they're always really nice to him too!).  Unfortunately, I don't always get to go as often as I'd like but when I do they always remember me, ask about my son and Mom (and my Nana when she was still alive) which is just one of those little things that make you feel like you're really appreciated as a customer.
2	Clean and friendly environment.  I was ready to give them 5 stars, but my big toe was swollen for a week after my pedicure, and that has never happened to me before. :(
5	I love this place. No, they don't do any tacky "3-d" nail art, but if you want beautifully pained nails (I recommend getting gels), I suggest going to them! Clean, nice, and a lot of colors to choose from. Their massage chairs are awesome as well for the pedicures! Good massage time for feet and hands when you get a mani or pedi too. Not like most places that only spend 30 seconds massaging your hands and feet. I wont go anywhere else!!!
3	Its a nice shop with decent work. The prices are a little more expensive that other salons in the area but its a clean, friendly environment.
2	I can honestly say I enjoyed the service & quality provided here. However, I had to change my review because I am extremely picky when it comes to doing my nails. The polish started chipping within the week I got my nails done. I specifically asked the tech to make it last as long as possible due to my experience of having it poorly done. Though my nail tech was great and a perfectionist the quality was not up to par.
1	So I got my nails done. It was nothing out the way that they did special for me or anything. The guy who sits up front acted as if didn't want to help me. He even took a break from what he was doing to tell me no we don't have coach nails. Then as I was going to walk out he decides yes we do. I hate going in some place and I'm made to feel as if you care less about me or my business. Against my better judgement I got my nails done nope I'm not happy with them. I got round they look funny.  How do u make square nails better than you do round? Humans have round nails not square.  Ughhhhh for goodness sake I won't be back to this place eva. Yes I added a picture check it out!
3	I came here on Sunday Funday while I was out running errands and pampering myself after a busy week.My nail technician was Tina, she was polite and quickly got to work. She didn't talk too much or too little. The shop is very clean, and they use fresh tools. My paint job was clean but the staying power of my main/pedi didn't last too long.
5	Favorite spot to get my nails done ^*^Been going here for a couple months now and I can honestly report that every gel manicure has lasted at least 2-3 weeks without lifting!! Harry is amazing! Ask for him.Summer is here... so those toes are about to see the light of day which means I have to make sure that they aren't lookin ratchet. Pedicures here are good...not awesome BUT to be fair I am extremely ticklish and giving me a pedicure is nearly impossible. I'd say that they did a good job with what they had to work with. Very clean shop. Staff stresses the little steps which makes a huge difference. Get in. Get out. Look fly.
5	Even with being the last a$$hole customer of the day, I still received excellent customer service!!  Great quality pedicure and didn't feel rushed out of there. Thanks to the staff for taking care of their customers. Haven't been in here in quite some years and happy to see the same owner. Place is very clean and staff is very nice.  Great salon to go to especially since there is so many to choose from.
5	I've been going to Harry for about 10 years now and I love the quality and customer service I get. I highly recommend going to this shop. I haven't gotten my nails done by anyone else but Harry does a great job.
1	They DESTROYED my nails!!! Left my hands soaking in a bowl of acetone for almost half an hour!!!! And still had issues getting gel off... My french tip looks like a 5 year old did it!! Worst experience ever!
5	Third place is a charm, I guess... I finally found my go-to nail spot in the Henderson/Vegas area.  The salon was really clean and the atmosphere was pleasant.  The price of the mani/pedi was reasonable and the staff was friendly.  Although my manicure chipped some (starting about 4 days after I had them done), I totally attribute this to the chunky polish I picked - It has been 6 days and my accent nails still look great.  This is the first place I've been in the area where they actually paint the edge tip and I think that's why it lasts so long.  I will definitely be returning.
5	Finally found a place when they do a good job, and great professional customer service. l feel at home...after living in Vegas for almost 3 years and bouncing around from salon to salon....finally found one that has all the qualities...
5	This place is awesome! Its a little more than I would like to pay, but the customer service and the great job they do on nails makes up for the price! Never going anywhere else
1	TERRIBLE JOB! I am extremely upset. I got a full set and the nails weren't completely glued onto my nail. You can see the separation between my natural nails and the artificial nail. Water and everything else is getting trapped underneath. I will have to remove them before fungus starts growing underneath. I WILL NOT be going back to them again. This is terrible work and very unprofessional. I wish I could have given them 0 stars!!!
1	What the hell happened?!?!  I went for a pedicure. Rushed it. Didn't even soak my feet for a long time. Only one coat of polish.  Then ripped off skin on my upper lip in 3 places when I got waxed. I have 3 large spots on my face that are red and going to scab.  And I have to take a DMV picture tomorrow. WTF!!
5	Lyn is meticulous with her mani-pedi's.  I get the gel and it never ever chips.  This is the only nail salon I go to.  Harry has a great reputation for his acrylic work (I'll go to him for sure if I ever decide to get acrylic nails).
1	Im sure some nail techs are great there, but my experience was disappointing.  I had homely middle aged lady. It was $30 gel manicure of nothing. She put way far away from the cuticles, well thats only one of the reason why it didn't stay on more than 5days. She was nice but just not trained and just bad at what she does. Im sorry. I knew its not done right, and i was not satisfied, so i didn't make a scene about it. And just tipped $4 so total of $34 and the lady didn't even say thank you lol its amazing how some people think they have right to get 20% tips regardless of their service or quality which they deliver to their customer. Its just my experience based on my visit. Just being honest.
