4	Buying tickets for movies at Harkins Theatres at Chandler Fashion Center is easy, with many options available to movie-goers. Tickets can be purchased at the box-office, electronically inside the cinema itself, or online through Yahoo! or HarkinsTheatres.com. I'd like to see more options for purchasing the tickets from my phone, but I guess I'll have to wait for technology to catch up with my wish list for now. Loyalty t-shirts and cups are a great idea for regulars. T-shirts ($20 for standard fit and $25 for the ladies' fit) allow for a free 85oz popcorn in 2008, while loyalty cups ($4.25 ea) allow bearers to obtain $1 refills of soda in 2008.  A few visits to the cinema and you'll break even. The key is to visit enough to come out ahead, at least in regards to your food purchases (assuming these are the only items you buy). Note carefully: you will need to allow yourself some time to arrive at the movie theater, show your t-shirts to those at the customer service desk inside the theater and obtain a piece of paper that entitles you to your popcorn. Talk about inefficient! This is my one complaint about the loyalty system.My recommendation is to purchase your movie tickets at Costco (if you tend not to attend matinees), since this will allow you to save a little money. Another idea is to negotiate group rates for your company and offer the tickets to your employees at the group rate per ticket. Parking can also be an issue at the Chandler Fashion Mall (if you're looking for a space close to the theater). My suggestion is to park close to Macy's and walk through the mall or cross over by Gardunos (depending on which side of Macy's you choose to park or are able to park for that matter). Valet parking, although an option, just adds to the cost of your entertainment, and although it may help you feel special, is a waste of money (about the cost of another movie ticket!).
3	Went on a Friday night. Arrived an hour early (luckily). Ticket line was not too bad, 6 or 7 people in front of us, we made it through in 5 minutes or so. - 4 starsThen came the snack bar... or 'Hell' as I like to call it.We were #5 in line. Took 20 minutes to be served. After being served, it took a further 25 minutes to get our order (2 pretzels, 1 soda, 1 Icee, 1 popcorn). The server disappeared for 20 of the 30 minutes. The manager attempted to help, but only succeeded in confusing herself on the register and double ringing the popcorn & Icee before the server re-appeared. -2 starsFound decent seats in the theater, comfortable, with removable armrests and recline... great for my bad back.  4 starsThen took a quick "bio-break" before the show started. The men's room floors were awful! puddles of urine all over, 2 empty soap dispensers, 1 empty towel dispenser, and I don't think the automatic air freshener was working (if they had one).  -2 starsAveraging things out, 3 stars... quick at the ticket window, comfortable seats, awesome Cinnabon Pretzel (only good think about the snack bar).
4	I like this theater...because of its proximity to home, stadium seating, convenience of the mall for eating, shopping.
4	I have been here numerous times and never had a bad experience.  I was a avid film goer before I had my daughter.  Anytime I had free time, I would go to see a movie.  I love a good film with a good story and good acting.  Back in San Jose some of the theaters were less than stellar.  A company called Syufy owned about 10 of them and for years that was were you went to see a film.  The staff could care less, the auditoriums were dirty and your feet stuck to the floor and on one occasion I made an attempt to see a particular film 3 times because the first two times the film broke.  After a while more theaters came along and there were more options, thankfully.  When I moved to Arizona I looked around on the web and found Harkins Theaters.  My daughter loves movies just like I do so we go as often as we can.  This particular Harkins is close to our house so this is the one we usually go to.  I have never had to wait in line for more than 5 minutes for tickets.  At the most I've waited maybe 10 minutes for concessions.  Prices are resonable (compared to California) and the staff are always helpful and friendly.  The auditoriums are cleaned after each film gets out. Staff is waiting with a broom and a garbage can to clean up when you exit the theater.  Stadium seating is comfortable.  The sound is good, not overly loud, at least in my experience. The bathrooms have always been clean and for the amount of people coming and going that says a lot.  I have actually seen people in there cleaning and replenishing paper towels and soap..  Overall Harkins does a great job and I have been pleased with our experiences here.  The loyalty cup and t-shirt are a great idea.  I have used my cup numerous times.  It's just $1 to fill it after the initial purchase of $5.  If you go to the movies a lot, that's a great deal.  If even you only go 6 or 7 times a year that's still a good deal.  Thank you Harkins for making our movie going experience a good one!!
3	Friday & Saturday night have a lot of teens hanging out. You feel like you're reliving puberty.Parking can be difficult, if you don't go early always use valet, well worth avoiding the headache of driving around endlessly.Robert Pfeifer
4	I like Harkins and this one is no exception.  Being in a mall makes weekends kind of a zoo around the place, but you cant blame the theater for that.  Sunday and weekday shows are great!  Fair pricing especially during the matinee.
1	Not a good theatre!!
4	I must have been sheltered as a child, because I never knew how huge the turnouts for Christmas Day movies was! I mean, naturally, the mall itself is closed, but the parking lot for the movie theater was absolutely packed!Naturally, I figured that it would take forever for us to make it through the ticket booth, the concession stand, and into the theater. Lucky for us, Harkins has their stuff together!Even though there were throngs of people waiting to buy tickets, we managed to walk right up and purchase our tickets...at the completely empty kiosk located outside! Sure, that might be cheating a little bit, but even while we were at the kiosk to purchase our $6.50 matinee tickets, I could see that the box office was fully staffed, and handling the other moviegoers with extreme precision. The only true waiting that took place was when people were uncertain as to which movie they wanted to see, and at which time. The Harkins staff were top notch.Once we were inside, the ticket taker was very chipper...especially for someone who was working on Christmas day. He ushered us towards the concession stand where, once again, in spite of the multitude of people waiting for refreshments, we were in and out with incredible ease.This theater has, as you can tell by the name, 20 screens...so, there's almost no excuse for any patron to miss a movie. Chances are, if the movie is new, that it will be playing again within an hour or so in one of their many other screening rooms.Our particular movie, although a new release, was playing on one of the smaller screens. Naturally, our theater was a little bit smaller. Having said that, the stadium seating afforded us the option to sit pretty much anywhere, and have a great view of the screen. Even though the theater was smaller, they certainly didn't skimp on the Dolby Digital surround.Overall, the theater was clean and well maintained. Should we happen to be in the Chandler area again for a movie, rest assured, we'll be hitting this theater up!
4	Late night is the best! Unless you like crowds?!?!? Buy the shirt and cup if your a movie goer,,,
3	Pretty good theatre... Wish they would open up a cine Capri at this location... Great staff and always clean theaters :-)
4	Clean, large, and comforable. Klipsh surround sound is high quality. Parking is awful almost any time of day, so be prepared to work up a sweat walking!Having lots of restaurants nearby makes this a great venue for date-night or a night out with friends!
5	Never had a bad experience!
