1	I would highly warn against renting any of this company's units.  After 5 years of renting with them, the service went from bad to worse. The rentals are affordable but their service is ridiculous.  From no air conditioning for days on end, to roof leaks in a childs room that went ignored in monsoon season.  I would not wish them on anyone. Renters beware.
1	My biggest pet peeve is I'm trying to find property within a certain area only to find out that PRS is representing the client.  What makes it massively inconvenient is that they do not allow cats - not one potential property is available to me and I'm not giving up my friends.
1	They took $60 for a dual-application fee, just to glance at the application and tell us that we were automatically disqualified because we hadn't been living together for two years. I wish I could make money that easily.
1	Stay far far away from this company!! They are constantly looking for ways to nickel and dime you with their hidden fees. We had a neighbor complaining about trees growing over the back fence and dropping leaves into their pool. Not a problem, I can completely understand that. Before we had a chance to respond to the first letter, they had sent a second, this time charging us $12. Only one example of many I could share. From being unresponsive to repair requests, to doing so many drive-by's it could be considered stalking, they are horrible to deal with. Being a long time home owner and new to renting, I want to believe this experience is not common but after reading the reviews I can see that it is. I can't imagine there being a worse property management company out there. Lord help us if there is.
1	welcome to scamville..all I can say about this place is DO NOT plan on getting much of your deposit back. EVERY little thing gets dinged. all in all I never had any problems with the place, but was never happy with their communication or ability to help. in order to not pay knick knack fees, jump on left foot exactly this many times, then switch, then switch back. if not done exactly as described then pay up. what a pain in the a$$..never again with PRS
1	Reading reviews should be something we do all the time! Here is the story... We were looking for a thre bedrooms two bathroms carpet..blah so we found what seemed to be the perfect place for us, submitted the application, then we got a call from a rude lady demanding the $60 dlls fee, ok we let that pass and paid, we tried to get a hold of them for a week to know if we got approved or not and we talked to the angry lady again who told us that she couldnt do anything because she couldnt get a hold of our current landlord, can you call again?  we asked but she was upset already,  she did anyway and took two days plus the weekend for them to determined yes or not, the answer was yes, we got approved what a joy! Started making plans, we had 24 hours to go pay the deposit, we couldnt due to family issues, we didnt have time to go to their office and deal with this. So we guessed we lost the place, we didnt get a call asking if we were going or not which is fine theyre busy. So i realized we never read the reviews on this company, so i did, they are bad, terrible so we thought wow! Great we didnt do that!, after a couple of days and people telling us we shouldnt believe all the reviews, we decide to call them and see if the property was still available, they said: -no, but if the people we are reviewing doesnt get approved then you are next in line, we will give you a call back- they didnt, oh and she said she left a voice message which it wasnt there, she lied to us like they lied to others but still I called them and yes it was available so i told them great! Beause we got approved and we want it! Then they transfered the call to another person who was immediately upset for no reason! Rude!, when i explained what happened she told me to go give her the deposit money by 4:30 then she changed her mind, 3:30. I ask her if we could meet first to read the contract we were about to sign, she sounded confuse, -what? For what?-, are you kidding me, we are about to sign a contract and give you a bunch of money and we shouldnt read it first?, but i was polite and i said well... We havent seen anyone, we went to see the property by ourselves with the key they leave there for anyone to come in the house, and we dont even know anything about your policies and payments etc, so we would like to read the contract then give you the money if we agree, unless we can pay you cash (because they required a money order) so i can read it, agree and pay, does this sound that crazy?!, it sounded crazy to her, she reacted like what? Are you crazy? Who read contracts before signing them???!! I cant deal with this!! Then she told me she thought i was going back and fort and she had enough, come get the contract read it then bring it back, i told her we are far from her office so i needed her to email it to me, just imagine how annoyed is she by now :/ i can hear the noises she is making, then she pretends that right at that second she got another application and if i dont bring the money by 3:30 "im going to straight up deny your application"- whoa!!!  Really? Rude. I got the email with the lease, read it, is this people serious? You have to pay the first of the month, every day you are late is $50 dlls what?!!  I asked my friends about their leases no one has a lease like this! I have never seen this! Is not like im planning on being late but we all know things happen! Then all they charge for, the list goes on :(  it was like signing a pact with the devil wow!,  i wish i knew who owns this company, do they know how rude their employees are? Do they train them to be like this? How sad, because someone is going to rent the spot and then go thru all this and more. BEWARE, walk away, dont even try it, i can only imagine if we would have singned that lease. Ok, thank you for reading, i had to do this for you ;) ,  now go find another place to live a happy life :) good luck!.
1	I am sooooo upset with PRS. Its not right what renters do with your deposit . We all know that they will find anything to keep your money, but this is ridiculous. And I will not shut up Im going to the news, every review website, write my congress man about this unfair practice. When I moved out the house was 99% perfect. All I missed was LIGHT BULBS. They charged me $70 dollars for 50cent light bulbs. They said everything was good on the phone and then I get the check which was 35% of my deposit.   We gave them slake when they took a year to fix the garage door and then they fix it when we move out. Why couldn't you give us a break?
5	I must be renting from a different PRS than the previous reviews. I have been in the same rental for 11 years and  I have never received anything but 5 star service.  Maintenance requests are handled in a timely manner and Rondee and Sue have  always been nothing but professional.  I will continue to  recommend them to  my friends and family.
1	This company treated me very bad. From day one through the end of my lease I was harassed.  Petty charges with no resolution are practices they enjoy. So glad the lease is over and that I never have to deal with staff at prs..every review I also experienced and can't believe they can continue to do business this way. From now on I will look at yelp..bbb the complaint section not just rating..google..and yahoo. Prs will scam you treat you badly all while stealing your hard earned money..don't do it go somewhere where you have a voice and people that care...my rent was on time even when I had to pay hotel fees because I had no air and no workable tubs..
5	I am writing to thank you (Tonya from PRS) for your help all along. This is the best rental experience I have had during the past five year stay in the U.S. You made everything very clear and easy for me, and have been extremely helpful, from the first day I started to look at this property. I moved in last December, and signed a one-year lease. You helped me with that, and have been always very very responsive to all the questions and problems that I encountered. Then I had to move out before the lease ends. Because my parents are coming to visit me and I need a bigger place. You called me immediately to tell me the procedures involved and wanted me to make sure to send in a one-month terminate-of-lease notice, so that you can post the property online, and I can hopefully cut down the loss. This is really very nice of you. I feel very sorry that I have to move out earlier than the lease ends, and I thought PRS would be mad at me. However, after I sent in that notice, you have been still very nice and helpful: you helped me post the property on your website, and contacted me immediately when an application was received. You have been updating me about what is going on to rent out that property, very responsive, and coordinating things very well so that the transition is smooth for both me and the tenant coming in. I am sure he will enjoy staying in that property and enjoy the experience with PRS. I have rented from several different places, most of which are not like you - the way you treat tenant: they are mostly slow in response, or sometimes avoid responding, and they don't usually make things clear and straightforward to tenants and don't care whether the tenant is going to suffer financial loss because of that. If it were not working with you and PRS, I think this early termination of lease is going to make me loss a huge amount of money. I don't know how to express my tons of thanks to you, and I am so grateful for all the help you have given me. Thank you so much, Tonya!
5	I have had the BEST service from Tonya at PRS.  She has kept in contact with me throughout the entire process. As a parent from California trying to find a place for my son and his 3 roommates in Tempe, I has afraid that the long distance communication and handling of the Lease Agreement would prove to be a complete failure. That is not the case! Tonya has been an efficient, professional who has made this arduous process a breeze. The guys move in on the 8th of August.  Will keep you posted.  If the place is as good as Tonya, PRS will be receiving more 5 star recommendations from the other moms too!
5	I have been a property owner for over 18 years, and PRS has made it easy and seamless. I live out of state, so I need someone who is reliable, has consistent policies and established procedures, and communicates effectively. PRS does all of this, and does it for a very reasonable fee. I strongly recommend PRS Property Management to prospective owners.
1	I wish there was an option less than 1 star, because these people would be receiving it! I literally NEVER review anything online, but I felt that people need to know who they are potentially renting from! My mother and I signed a lease with this company, and remained in this lease for 2 years. This two years consisted of unanswered maintenance requests, and deplorable customer service! I work for a property management company(not PRS), so I know what landlords are expecting when you hand the keys to the property back. I informed my mother of this, and we left the home better than we found it. I will not argue that we should have received the entire security deposit back, but I will say that we should have received more than the $95 we did... to give you an idea, the original deposit was 10 times that amount.... Prior to receiving the lackluster amount back, I had a few inquiries. At this time, I contacted the office where I was referred to Melissa. After dealing with PRS for 2 years, I did not expect to be treated as poorly as I was by this employee. She was extremely rude both to my mother and myself. She refused to give me any documentation pertaining to my rental history, and also refused to give me any information about my security deposit. When my mother asked how long it would be until she received the deposit back, Melissa replied, "When it gets from here to there." Not something you would expect to hear after leasing a unit from the management company for 2+ years. I wrote an email to the designated broker/owner and many PRS employees, I asked to receive a call back to explain my experience, this email was sent on Thursday August 21st, here I am a week later, and I have yet to hear a response. This goes to show, that when you are no longer a tenant, PRS cares nothing about you. I am honestly just happy to not have to deal with this company any longer. I hope others can learn from my experience... I am incredibly displeased and would NEVER do business with this company again!
1	I decided to move to the city of Tempe a lot of my friends were attending school at ASU. My mother is a real estate agent a found us as house for rent in Tempe AZ. So the process of renting began. We went together and looked at the property. It was disgusting. The roof was falling in on itself on one post. There were bushes installed on the house a breeding ground for roaches and a ridiculous amount of lizards. The previous tenants had completely trashed the home. Beer, wine, juice mud dirt and god knows what else on the carpet. The walls were covered with a layer of cat hair and dirt and grime. They also smoked marijuana cigarettes and cigars in the home. There was black mold on the window seal as well. This house was not livable at first glance I was disgusted. I was not gonna live here. My father is a carpenter of many years. He noticed termites had infested the house also and left almost all the trim hollow as well as brittle drywall. The neighborhood was great however and the location also. I discussed my options with my one roommate and my family. We were moving from an apartment so having a yard and more space was attracting. I figured the prop management was going to fix most of the problems and I could clean if I needed and I am very handy growing up with a carpenter father. So we decided to rent the place in the hopes we could make it livable. We went trough the rental application put In our deposits. Our agent sue representing prs was friendly at first said that they would be attending to the carpets and would be cleaning the home. The carpet I expected to be replaced I didn't even want to walk on it barefoot. The rent was 850 per month for the 1100 sq ft home. Reasonable for the area. So we moved in. The first day after getting the keys I was very disappointed. It seemed as they had payed a child to come in with a wet mop. Upon moving in I noticed rat or mice fesses in all the cabinets. A ridiculous amount of Rust on bathroom ceiling and window. Carpets had been cleaned but very poorly. I was discouraged but I took matters into my own hands I cleaned the entire house in two days. Mask and gloves. I painted over the rust on the ceiling. All of which I had discussed with the management team. I made the place livable I maintained the bushes an mowed the lawn. I continued to keep the place clean and livable in about the middle of the lease I paid out of my pocket to have the carpets cleaned. I liked living there I had made the place livable and comfortable. Despite the single pane windows holes and termite damage and the smell which never really went away. I was hanging a picture and the wall basically fell part it had been patched poorly or attacked by the termites.  My father and I fixed the holes investing more if our time into the place were I lived. Simply because I lived there. Towards the end of the lease my roommate couldn't stand living there anymore. It was turning out to have been a mistake. He moved.Sometime into the lease someone tried to break in but failed leaving us with a broken window. I assume because I had put all of my expensive music equipment in the spare room since my roommate left. I called the police and the maintenance department for the property.  I filed a police report and the property management sent a guy in a beat up suburban van with his wife and kids the drill plywood into the brick to cover the broken window. This of course is ridiculous so I grabbed my tools and used his plywood clamping and wedging it in the window seaL. I found a new place the month my lease was expired I needed to be out. My mother and I talked to sue agent for prs and we got the place rented. For the month of August I left nothing in the property and spent hours cleaning before I left. I needed my deposit back for expenses at my new property. Two weeks later I get a letter saying I am being sent to collections. I owe prs 195 dollars. They are keeping my deposit for a one time yard clean up fee that was not necessary as I mowed and maintained the yard also this one time fee was never discussed. The are charging me for painting the rust for my own safety. And for two patched holes. Fixed holes? Charging  me for something I fixed. They had to do maybe an hour of painting that's worth 850 dollars?? They charged for the window 200 dollars. Someone breaks in and I'm responsible? Sue and everyone at the office is terrible at returning phone calls as in they don't return calls. They are rude and aggressive. After the lease is signed of course. This was the worst renting experience I have ever had. I would not recommend anyone rent from this company. They have mastered sucking money from tenants and property owners. I would gladly pay 850 dollars just to be free of their service. I am content in knowing their poor service will not last long. Everyone knows when you do business this way you will not survive long. Prs has left a property in ruin and are sitting back collecting checks. Down prs no stars.
1	Yah, I responded to a CL ad, they provided a key to check out the unit.I liked it. gave them application and the fees etc.they ran my application AFTER they already rented *supposedly* rented the unit i wanted out.They said they have more in the area... ofcourse... same floor plan and everything, it will be available in a few days.I said ok, ill take it.. they kept me waiting then they say i can go look at it.My response is its the same floor plan as the last right?Yes sir, its exactly the same. a day after i get notification its all carpeted and not hardwood., and its like 75.00 more a month... IM kinda irritated cos i already signed everything, they never tell me no fireplace like the last unit.nor do they tell me the last tenant didn't have AC working.I move in, ALL the unites around me except 1 are vacant.WTF did i have to wait? part of their little games.This company is compromised of fraudulent liars.
5	Being an out of state property owner, choosing the right property manager is everything. So when I hired PRS 10 years ago I was hoping for the best. Boy, have they delivered! They turned out to be everything you hoped a property manager should be. They always find new tenants in a timely manner, and I've had at least 5 different tenants over the years. When an issue developed with the property, it was taken care of immediately. If I had a concern and called or e-mailed it was responded to within 24 hours. They've handled all money issues and statements in a very professional and honest way. What else can I say. Well, If you ever need a property management company you need to look no further. PRS will allow  you to sleep well at night. A special thank you to Susan Sides who has taken care of my property all these years. You're the best!!
