4	This location just happens to be the closest one to my house, which means we're there quite a bit.  Unfortunately, it also happens to look like one of the locations the Sam Walton himself might have opened.While the rumors have persisted for some time about a new store opening at Albemarle and Independence - a Super Wal-Mart, no less - it hasn't happened.  And when it does, this old girl may very well shut down.  I'm a bit surprised that it managed to outlive the Superstore in Matthews.  I guess that it is just far enough away to make do.  When the store near Ikea opens, and if the Independence store ever opens, it might just be too much.In the meantime, it's all good, and we have our own little gem.  A dirty, dingy, musty gem, but the good news is that they don't usually mess with you on this side of town.  I think they're probably too afraid to ask you for your receipt.  They probably think you'll pull a gun on them or something.  But whatever works.  At least I don't have to worry about being accused of stealing the merchandise in my cart.
3	First, let me start off by saying that  usually I try to stay out of anything that I feel should have a "Super" in front of their title (ex. Super Walmart...Super Target), but this Walmart is close to my house so for convenience I visit it on a regular.  This Walmart actually closes at 11PM...I know right I couldn't believe it also b/c I'm so used to Walmart staying open 24HRS a day.  They have a few aisles that's set up for groceries but that too is not extensive.  There is no produce (tomatoes, lettuce, etc.) here.I  found that items here are way overpriced if you should go to a Super Walmart.  For example, gel inserts for your shoes are almost $20 here when you can get some at the Super Walmart for about $8 - $12 (exact same brand).As with any Walmart they usually have one or two lanes open when it's the busiest time of the day (don't look for this to change).
2	Leave it to Walmart to always make me have an interesting/sometimes scary shopping experience.  This particular day I was stopping in to get a quick cleaning product on the way home.  I had not gotten into the store when I see a mom berating her 10 year-old daughter in the parking lot and dropping the f*bomb.  Need-less-to-say the daughter was probably not guilty of anything, other than getting lost in the store and the mom was super pissed that she cut into her Sunday time.Anyways, I get in the store and the front entrance is blocked by two people on motorized shopping carts having a nice little chat and blocking the whole entrance.  I have nothing against using motorized carts, but get the hell out of the way if you are going to have a nice sit-down, tea, and coffee get together in a Walmart!!!!Mostly try to just get in and out and this trip was beginning to make that very difficult.  I found what I was looking for and checked out.  On my way out, I noticed that there were people selling puppies in the parking lot.... always keeping it classy Walmart!
1	I mean, it's Walmart, so they get 1 star for the convenience of having nearly everything I would be looking for... if I'm going to Walmart....I almost never go to this store because it is over priced and the customer service is horrible. In fact, I have tried to stop shopping at Walmart all together because they are as expensive as any other store now, and they must not train any of their employees to treat guests with a shred of kindness. Anywhooo.I was here today getting a money order in the "Customer Service Center". There was a man a few people ahead of me returning unused bails of pine needles. There was only one customer service person at the counter and a line of about 10 people. Even though several other managers came into the area to argue in front of us and talk sh*t about each other, not a single person offered to help anyone else. Back to my story..So the employee refunds the man his money and tells him to go to the garden department with his truck to let an employee unload the returned pine needles. She then walkie-talkied the garden center to tell them he was coming. Another manager immediately stops the man that returned the pine needles and tells him they cant take the already returned merchandise back because they don"t take returns on pine needles. Um, what?They actually held him (and the rest of us) up for 15-20 minutes while the managers argued amongst themselves and actually made him BUY BACK  his return! The man was very calm about it. I would have taken my money and told them to kiss my a**. They sold him back his pine needles. With the money they had just refunded him. I'm being repetitive because it is just insane to me that they are this sh*tty. How can you refund someone their money and then force them to buy the product back??! This place, as with most Walmarts, has NO sense of customer service.
1	Went there today for some supplies and they didn't even have pencil cases anywhere! Not even in the home and office section. Always crowded, loud and most of the time it smells like shit. Also if you open the milk case it smells like they killed the cow the milk came from and let it sit in the bottom of the freezer in its own shit. I won't ever go here unless I can't find an item anywhere else.
1	Unless you live in the local hoods nearby, don't even think about this place. Ghettofabulous. Inside and out.    Watch out for the locals who can't drive and are too lazy to put shopping carts back. Probably a good place to buy food stamps in the parking lot or other stolen or illegal items.
