5	I am SO glad we picked Tyler to be our wedding photographer. He takes AWESOME pictures and is fun to be around. We knew when he met him that we would enjoy being around him and that we could trust him to document the most important day of our lives! We have a variety of great photos to show for it. From the funny to the dramatic, our pictures turned out great.I hesitate to call Tyler a "great value" because that might suggest that you aren't getting super high-quality photography with him. But you are.Tyler is an expert photographer, works great under pressure, and is a personable guy. You're not going to go wrong with him!I can't wait until we have an excuse to use Tyler for something else!
5	Tyler is phenomenal. There are many photographers in the Las Vegas/Henderson area, but I would absolutely pick Tyler over any of them for more than the reasons I will mention below. I am over the moon with the moments Tyler captured on film and hope that everyone gets to experience the professionalism, warmth, humor and beauty Tyler offers to his customers.My fiance and I moved to Vegas a little over a year ago, so any contacts I had for photographers were gone. I went online, did a lot of research and fell upon Tyler's website: www.tylerfreear.com. His pictures captured my attention immediately and were breathtaking. Not only did he take those epic wedding shots that make the wedding couple look as amazing as they feel, but he was able to bring a warmth to his photos, even the edited photos, that brought more than one dimension to the happiest moments in each of these couple's lives. The photos, even when edited or doctored, were natural and flawless. Any person who can make you look stunning when the both of you are sweating in the 90 degree heat AND no clouds is the right person to go to.We already had booked our wedding photographer, so we just needed a photographer for the engagement photos. By nature, the engagement photos are borderline cheesy and make many people feel fake while taking them. Tyler made sure that we got the cheesy shots for Mom, but really made an effort to get the photos WE wanted for our albums. Email and phone correspondence with Tyler was easy and he was always professional. His focus in every email was capturing what my fiance and I wanted and listening to what I had to say. Obviously he listened very well because the shots came out perfect. It was 90 degrees, no clouds and we wore all black. Bad move on our parts, but Tyler showed up, kept us relaxed and captured us beautifully amidst the sweat and heat exhaustion. He kept us in the shade as much as possible, kept us laughing and got every shot I had told him I enjoyed from other shoots. Her captured my fiance and I happy, sincere and as natural as you can be in engagement photos. He took some of those shots that take your breath away and also captured us laughing and enjoying our time together (which is what we do most of the time). Many of the pictures captured our personalities, and for someone who had only spoken to us via email and a few phone conversations, Tyler did a stunning job and I could not be more impressed with him, his photography, and his professionalism. I cannot wait to use him again for our baby shots and more.
