2	Beds hard as pavement, but for the price I can't complain. The areas a little rough, so lock doors and look out the window often.
1	When I first moved to Vegas we didn't know the city at all. My family looked at Craigslist to find a temporary place for us to stay while we learned the city and found a suitable place to stay. We ended up here at the America's Best Value Inn. From the outside it looks ok. It's got a clean and well striped parking lot, they have a pool, and it's right next to a coin laundry and a small but friendly c-store. Target is across the street and a block down, and you can be to I-515 / I-215 in under 5 min. While the location was nice, it's when you step inside that things go South. The interior of this place truly earns 1 star. Poorly patched holes in the drywall. Stains in the bathtubs. Stained sheets. And don't walk barefoot on the carpet as your feet will be visibly dirty by the time you walk from the bathroom to the bed. Step outside at night and there's a distinct herbal smell in the air, and it's not from the magnesium plant a 1/4 mile away either. But not to worry, you'll see a LOT of Henderson PD parked in the lot. You may even notice the slight differences in the decal package between the squad cars and the SUV's. When you see them up close so often, you start to notice the little things. But the worst part of staying here was the front office. The owners of this place truly don't have a clue about how to provide customer service. If an occupant raises any kind of concerns you can expect to get lip service about things being addressed. It's when you go back to ask for a follow up that you get...and I hate to use profanity in my reviews but there's no other way to put it...you get an attitude from hell. I've traveled to 39 states and stayed in a lot of different places. The attitude I encountered here is so over the top bad that I have a hard time thinking of anything that ranks as worse. 1 star reviews are not something I take lightly...people do read them, and they do hurt businesses. I also believe people are fundamentally good at heart and deserve second chances and opportunities to redeem themselves. But in this case the owners just don't get it. And so I drop a 1 star review...and a place at the top of my Absolutely Not! list.
1	The grossest place I've ever stayed at! The bottoms of my feet are still black after showering, just from one walk across the dirty carpet. Hairs in the linen, long and short... And shorter. A broken hair dryer, no washcloths and the vending machines swallow you money as if they've never been fed! Beds are hard and there was no remote. The only good thing, was great water pressure.... In a disgusting bathroom. Keep driving, for $45 a night you could do better.
