3	Potbelly's is a good place for a quick bite. Their sandwiches are very reasonably priced and they are rather tasty. If you're in somewhat of a hurry and want something good, try Potbelly's!
4	Potbelly's is delicious! They are fast and put on whatever you like. The meatball sandwich is so good with hot peppers, cheese, sauce, etc. I could seriously eat that every day and be happy. For the size of the sub I was very happy with the price too! Only like 5 bucks for something that really filled me up. They also have smaller subs for even cheaper.
4	As Janet K. mentioned, Potbelly is set at the far end of the West Towne mall at the edge of the food court,  making the environment much less rowdy than the main seating area.  It's convenient because you can enter from the parking lot or the food court, and with the outer door and the occasional breeze,  it doesn't feel quite as claustrophobic.  My mom and I both ordered a Skinny Pair, which is a "Skinny" sandwich + side of soup for $6.60 (quite a deal).  My combination: a mushroom melt + spicy southwest veggie soup.  The sandwich was perfectly toasted with fresh mushrooms - filling, but leaving just enough room for dessert (or a Butter Rum Mocha in my case). Not too much flair. Not too much oomph. The spicy southwest veggie soup reminded me of the corn chowder from the SF Soup Company back at home - creamy and chock-full of corn kernels with just a hint of spicy - so that was a definite plus for me. If you are a fan of super stuffed sandwiches drenched in sauces, this is probably not the sandwich place for you. On the other hand,  if you are just looking for a hearty, wholesome meal, give this place a try. All in all, a great place to stop for lunch or a quick dinner. Potbelly me up! :9PS.  I've heard that the Potbelly oatmeal cookies are to-die-for, so I will be back to give them a try!
4	I've only had them deliver sandwiches to us for meetings, so I can't comment on the interior or ambiance of this location.  However, if you're an office type that has to provide meals for working sessions over lunch, give Potbelly a try.Why?Their online ordering system is superb.  It's absolutely intuitive, fast, and accurate.  I've never had a single issue with their system.  What's that?  You say that "Joe from Accounting" is a picky eater?  No problemo, my friend - Potbelly's system will not fail you.  You select the base sandwich, and then customize it to your heart's content.  It's foolproof.  And they'll even write Joe's name on his specific sandwich, so there's no confusion.And perhaps the best part is the highly precise delivery time window - Potbelly has never once been late (or too early) with an order.  If I select the "11:45am - 12:00pm" window, I'd bet my paycheck they'll be there at around 11:50am.  Without fail.  Oh, and the drivers are super friendly and helpful as well.I'm a fan of their farmhouse salad (no bacon, no cheese, add extra chicken), although the chicken is a bit "meh" at times.  When I'm feeling indulgent (which is often, these days), you cannot go wrong with one of the hot sandwiches.  The "wreck" is legendary.Have a larger group to feed?  Get a party pack.  It's painless, and it'll be devoured, guaranteed.  The larger orders include all of the extras like condiments, plates, silverware, and so on.Given the choice between Paneras, Milios, Capriotti's, or Cosi, I'll take Potbelly every time.Potbelly = WINFood = 3.75 starsService = 4 starsValue = 3 starsMISC = 5 stars (great online ordering system; highly configurable, easy, and accurate!)Oh, and pssst - need a cookie fix?  Here - try one of the Potbelly cookies.  What's that?  You're week in the knees?  Good.  First bite is free, then you'll have to buy the rest.  Seriously - their cookies are TO DIE FOR.  My insulin spiked just thinking about them.  nomnomnomnom
4	Is Potbellys the best sandwich you will ever eat? Not really. But they are  really GOOD.Most sandwich chains don't have consistency or quality- Potbelly's has both. I have tried all three locations in Madison- and they are all good. Their sandwiches taste yummy. Their milkshakes are good. So are their soups. They are affordable. Overall Potbellys is pretty darn good. A good place for a quick lunch, or dinner.There Italian Sub by far is the best. No other Italian sub I have found to be half as good. Also their multigrain bread is yummier than their white, and better for you. And did.. I mention their Giardernera/ hot peppers... Heavenly. I always have a bottle at home.
