5	If you need to get your car fixed come here!  The service was exceptional and they provided helpful information to keep my car in tip-top condition.  Over the summer I was visiting Las Vegas when my car broke down.  They provided me with honest answers to exactly what was wrong with my car (and we all know how some car repair shops can give half truths) Knowing that I was a distressed female from out of town, they could have inflated my repair costs.  But instead they kept the repair order reasonable and even gave me a discount because of my situation.These guys at the shop are super honest, efficient and dependable.
5	Once you have had service at RG Motorsport you will leave your factory dealer.  Their honesty and work quality will make you an instant fan.I had a door that Mercedes wanted $700 to fix.  Reddie was able to adjust it in an hour at little charge.  You should give them a shot no matter the car.
5	Once you have had service at RG Motorworks you will leave your factory dealer.  Their honesty and work quality will make you an instant fan.I had a door that Mercedes wanted $700 to fix.  Reddie was able to adjust it in an hour at little charge.  You should give them a shot no matter the car. Update:Was were sad to leave Vegas only because of this shop.  Had Reddy give my old 911 a once over for the road and it has been running like a dream since then.  My brother in law broke down trying to get an MGB GT out of the city and they were ready to help right away.
5	With our economy the way it is, its hard to find an honest and great mechanic.Reddy exemplifies where others don't. Been here 3 times and will continue to for all my cars needs. I live almost 20 miles away and I still come to Reddy for great honest service!!!!
5	straight up knowledgeable shop with good, fair prices.  was treated well and never like some idiot customer who would be taken advantage of.  nothing but good things to say about RG all work will be done here from now on.
5	Normally I use the dealerships on all my cars that I have owned but once the warranty runs out, I have to find another place to service the car because the dealership is way too expensive.  3 years ago when I first moved to Vegas, I received a flyer in the mail from RG Motorworks.  I decided to use the coupons and see what type of estimate they would give me.  I used my GPS to find their location...it was quite easy.  I met Reddy and Rolan as I walked in and they gave me a fair and reasonable estimate.  I love European cars and I only drive european cars and I know how expensive they are to maintain.  I had received other estimates but their estimate was the lowest so I decided to use a coupon and get my car's oil service done and Service A done.Reddy, Rolan, and the other automotive technicians did a great job on my car and it was serviced in a reasonable amount of time.  They have wifi in their location so I was able to access the internet via my laptop.  They also have a tv and movies in their waiting area so if you have kids, they can keep occupied by watching movies.  The service was great on my car, they explained to me all that they did and I did not have any problems with the car after.  Since the first time (3 years ago) that I got work done there, I have since used them every single time.  I have owned a Mercedez Benz, a Porsche, and now a BMW 5 series.  They worked on all my cars and not once have I had a problem with the work that they did.  They also tell me of other features the car has and I am not even utilizing them.  Also,  they even showed me the old parts and what was broken on them!I also like the fact that RG Motorworks is owned by Reddy, you can deal directly with him, and that he is an Engineer.  I also like the fact that he did extra certifications in Mercedes Benz, Porsche, Honda/Acura, and BMW and he has those certificates framed and hanging in the waiting area.  The staff at RG Motorworks really cares about all their customers and they take great pride in getting the job done right the first time.Their prices are very fair, very reasonable and they do a very good job!I highly recommend them as the only place to get your car serviced in the Las Vegas Valley if you do not have warranty on your car.
5	I went to RG Motorworks because of the reviews here on yelp. I have to say that I was not disappointed. I went in because the weather stripping around my door was falling off. They came out and actually fixed my door for free! I also told them that my car was overheating in the summer time. They suggested replacing my water pump among a few other parts. They got the job done quickly and they showed me what was wrong with my car. Evidently my old mechanic, whom I will not name, 'accidentally' put a rag into my water hose which broke my water pump. Over all this place was amazing and I would suggest anyone with a car problem goes there.
5	I've been there 2x within a month for two different issues and found them honest ,reasonable and very quick to get the job done,each time I was able to wait without an appt.,but appt are preferred?? I also usually bring my own parts,which they gladly put into my car(providing they are the correct parts for the type of car you drive). I glad they are here,as I don't prefer to use dealerships for any of my cars..
5	I always hated taking my VW Passat to the dealership since I never knew what kind of service I would expect that day.  Most of the time bad services and overpriced.  Luckily my wife's co-worker recommended RG Motorworks and I gave them a try with a big job.. timing belt water pump replacement.  Not only were they very reasonable with labor they did an awesome job and the car was ready when they said it would be.  I have not have any issues with the car since it left their shop.  Passat runs great and they fixed other items that the dealership overlooked.  I have found my new shop for my VW and Honda since they work on Japanese cars as well.  Roland and Reddy  always treated me like a customer and not a dollar sign.  After the job was complete they showed me the bad parts and explained what was going wrong.  Awesome Shop.
5	08/27/11 MAINTENANCE. I moved from LA to LV in Dec 2010. I left behind ONE man I trusted with my car. I have found his replacement. The owner gave me a deal on a LOT of fixing. They took me home and picked me up before/after the maintenance. Great attitude, great prices.10/04/11 MAINTENANCE. I had a scare. I thought my axle was going, or something HUGE of that nature. Nope, just a tire going bad. NO CHARGE. As I said, above, I have found the replacement for my LA mechanic. I won't go anywhere else. (Owner even suggested I take car to Costco. Done and done. YAY!)
5	I pass by RGMotorworks everyday on my way to work and used think that it was some import performance shop that did aftermarket work. After looking them up on Yelp and reading the reviews, I found out that they are an automotive repair shop that specializes in imports. So I decided to bring my wife's '05 Mazda 6 to have repairs done. As a first time customer at other repair shops, I've normally been disappointed by either the service or the price. Not at RGMotorworks. The service there was fast, friendly, and the price was well below what the other repair shops had quoted me on. They performed a thorough check on my car and advised me on additional service items that I should have done but did not hassle me into having them done right away. I will definitely be back to have any service or repairs I need done at RGMotorworks.
5	Very satisfied.  Found positive reviews online and decided to try this place.  Thought my brakes were going out and I was ready for a large bill but it turned out to be just some glazing on my brake pads.  No charge.  Thanks.
4	I just moved to Las Vegas a year ago and needed to find a good auto repair shop for my BMW 330i. I found RG Motorworks through yelp which had really great reviews. The first time i went there was to get an oil change which is pretty straight forward. After they finished they brought me back to inform me the problems they noticed which were leaks coming from another source. At the end of my service they told me what they have done, what they saw, educated me on a few areas, and gave me an estimate of two problems that needed attention and the price was affordable! The mechanic was very helpful on answering any questions i had and told me which problem needed more attention. I live all the way in Aliante which is North Las Vegas so driving all the way down to Henderson just to get my car taken care of was no problem for me.The second time I went there for an oil change, I had called to schedule an appointment and noticed they hired a reception. She didn't seem very welcoming on the phone. When i came in, i told the reception my brakes were making rubbing noises that would happen once every week. They took my car in, did my oil change, and also checked on my brakes. When the mechanic came up to the front he just handed me my keys and left. I was expecting a run down on what he did and what he saw on my brakes because he was the one working on my car. The reception just told me, "you need new front brake pads." This disappointed me. For me, I'd rather have the mechanic inform me about my car rather than the reception who stays up in the front. She wasn't working on my car, she didn't see what was going on. I knew that if i were to ask a few questions, she would have to run back to grab the busy mechanic which seemed too much of a hassle.
5	I am a hard one to satisfy; this I know.  I am very particular with whom I do business with and even more particular about my vehicles.  I met with Reddie which is rare to find an Owner helping out in the office and helping out his technicians.  Reddie went above and beyond the call of duty to try and help me; he really does care about satisfying his customers and he really does care about the reputation of his business.  Reddie explained to me that he only uses Dealer or OEM parts to ensure that the cars are receiving the best possible care after-all most of what they work on are foreign and/or high-end vehicles.  I also like that his business is operated mostly by family.  Thank you Reddie for all you did and also for your wonderful staff.
5	My air conditioning in my car went out out. I have a 2002 Volkswagon Jetta it was just blowing hot air. I was frantic and horrified to say the least watching youtube videos, reading other reviews of repair shops, everything I read was saying that all the air/repair shops will just say its a compressor which is 1,000 +So I was I prepared to be ripped off or paying multiple places for diagnostics. Well, luckily for me, I didn't have to. I found RG Motorworks first!!!! (via yelp!) and everything I read on hear is absolutely true accept for the front desk receptionist, who I found to be very inviting, conversational, and actually knowledgeable about auto mechanics.So, I take my car in for the diagnostic. In the meantime, the front office team offer me something to drink, if I want a a movie. Again, very polite, easy to talk to she knows stuff about cars.After about 15-20 min, the owner, Reddy greets me and gives me the details about the diagnostic. It was a leak in the air hose. Also, my dials weren't all blowing out air (air would blow only blow to dial no 1). After Reddy went very in depth with the diagnostic I told him to go ahead with the repairs so they offered me a ride home so I wouldn't have to wait. Wow! Courtesy! RG Motorworks gave me a  very reasonable price and even searched for an old part to fix the dials, because I couldn't afford a new one right away. My air works perfectly and they really know there trade. A couple weeks after I even got a Thank you card in the mail handwritten. Now that is classy... Reddy and and his team go the extra mile, very honest and have integrity. RG Mototrworks is now my mechanics and will never have to search for one again!They are one big family and even treat you like one. You will never feel ripped off or pressured. If you want to avoid a hassle by getting ripped off just go to see Reddy and his team. You will definitely be valued.
5	Just moved from NYC and found RG Motorworks on Yelp.Very honest and prompt service.Will be using them going forward.
5	I've been meaning to write this review for a while... RG motorworks is the place to go if you have an import. I was turned onto RG motorworks by a friend who swears by RG for his Audi. The staff is friendly, helpful and HONEST. You can't beat the prices. This isn't the run of the mill mechanic who tried to get the consumer to spend unnecessary money. RG motorworks only does what you need. Plus, scheduling is a breeze. Everyone is very accommodating and helps work around your schedule. Such a great experience. Five stars all around!
5	First time here, I "tested" them by pretty much knowing what my problem was by researching extensively online.  In short, I had an engine "boost" leak.  The online forums said I would need a "pressure diagnostic test" to make sure which valve/hose was leaking, likely was the diverter valve, and would cost $500 from dealership. Took my car in, got a call promptly and they said I would need a "pressure diagnostic test" to locate the leak for $90 which can be applied to any repair costs if need be.  1 for 1.Later, got a call that I had a bad "diverter valve" and replacement was FAR UNDER $500.  2 for 2.Since then I've had a bunch of repairs done on my stupid Passat and they have always been honest, quick, and reasonably priced.Only negative is that I wish they would give me a ride home when I drop my car off, I always have to walk!
5	Everything you've heard is absolutely correct they are the most amazing kind people. Truly honest and one of a kind! More businesses should strive for customer service and satisfaction like Reddie and his team. Even when Reddie is not there I feel like I am taken care of with Ryan and everyone of them. I will come back often since my car hates me and needs regular repairs! Good job RG MOTORWORKS please don't change your ideals ever! You all are PERFECT!
5	I was skeptical about going here for my car because for the past 4 years, I've only been getting my car serviced at BMW.  But my skepticism was short lived.  Ryan took care of my car (routine oil change) and man, he was AMAZING!  He took the time to inform me of what he's done and also mentioned of the leak that is causing the burning smell from my car.  He showed me where they were coming from and mentioned that it isn't something that needs to be done right away but I definitely need to have it taken care of within the next 3 months or so.  I love that they are so honest and friendly.  It is a bit of a drive from me but for an honest and reliable service, I don't mind at all.  Will definitely be bringing my car to have those leak taken care of.
5	This place is awesome!!!  So glad I finally found a reputable, honest, and fair mechanic in Las Vegas!!!  I highly recommend this place if you have any work needed on your car.After months of bringing my car back and forth from the dealership, because they "couldn't figure out" what the problem was, this guy figured out the problem within an hour...thanks RG Motorworks!!!  Just went back for some more work on both our cars and again, very satisfied.
5	The service of days gone by...were the mechanic cares and will treat fair....good work for a good job. Four visit...and same good service.  A+. The best we found for after warranty expire service you will fine in Las Vegas.
4	Super nice people, no complaints about service.  Seems too good to be true!
5	Las Vegas is a town of for the most part bad shops. Even if you find a "good" shop most people think they are being ripped off regardless as it is just the nature of the beast.I have a Mercedes and they are very expensive for everything, with that I just had a brake failure with a few different electronic components within the system...major money. Wife towed it to the dealer they quoted an obscene amount of money, had it towed to RG for a second opinion and they saved me a few hundred bucks. These guys are honest and helpful. I was skeptical reading the reviews, too good to be true, but they are as good as it gets here in Las Vegas.They called and informed me every step of the way, even the bad news...as my car was throwing a code after the repair, but fortunately it was under an extended factory warranty, and Ryan pointed me back in the direction of the dealer so they could do the work under that warranty..Very satisfied!!!!P.S.Ryan, MB Henderson changed out SBC no hassle, no charge, thanks again!
5	My my, how hard it is to actually find a good mechanic... A good honest mechanic! And allow me to be a little sexist and say especially when you are a woman, very friendly staff! The mechanics kept me informed on my poor sour lemon car, and the things I should go about fixing first.Like the nail in my tire. Yeh... That's necessary. LolJust do it and go! The lady in the front office will give you snacks and pop a movie in while you wait! Lol
5	These guys are probably the best private Import auto repair shop in las vegas. I've been going here for about 5 years now and i have never been disappointed. A Lot cheaper and the same work as the VW/AUDI Dealer.
5	My new BMW repair shop!  The guys here are honest and reasonably priced.
5	Finally found a service shop that is honest and cheaper than the dealership. Guaranteed work. Replace my broken tail light, no charge. Explains the problem well and offered to give me the replaced items. They even told me to hold off on a rear brakes replacement as there's still some miles left on them. Good work, no more problems with my BMW. This place is well run.
5	I drove to Las Vegas from LA last Friday with family. As I got to the Nevada State line, I got a warning message "Check engine oil at next re-fueling."  I was a little worried because 1) It was the first time I had ever seen that message. 2) With the desert heat, I cringed at the thought of being stuck on the side of the road. 3) I had a car full of senior family members. So, I needed to figure out a plan. We were staying in Henderson, (I used to live there) so I checked in and started to look on Yelp for auto reviews. When I lived in Vegas, I drove a Ford and used to go to Ted Weins on Eastern. Now, with a 2008 Mercedes 300C, I prefer to go to specialists.  I considered going to the dealership until I read the reviews on Yelp. Plus I didn't want to waste the entire Saturday waiting for my car to get fixed so I picked RG Motorworks based on their location and previous reviews.They opened at 8:30a and I was there at 8:45a. There was one person there already waiting. I explained my story to Alicia at reception and she told me it would be no problem to get me in today. I chose to wait and me and my mom were thoroughly entertained by the David Foster concert DVD Alicia put in for us to watch. While we waited, others came in and out with scheduled appointments. Dropping off their keys and visiting with Alicia as if she were an old friend. You could feel the welcoming and warm vibe in the office. There are only a few seats for customers so most people seem to prefer to drop off their keys than wait. I started to worry as the first hour went by. I thought an oil change shouldn't take that long? At the hour 30 mark I was getting a bit restless so I asked the status. The mechanic came out and said everything looked fine. The oil had been changed and it was going through a computer system check. Around 11am, The David Foster concert DVD was coming to an end and my car was ready for a mere $97.I gased up the car and went to pick up the rest of the family. We had a great time in Vegas. The drive back to Los Angeles was smooth sailing. So, I highly recommend RG Motorworks. They are honest, their pricing is reasonable, and they do great work.
1	i went to get a qoute to fix a bad transmission i was charged a 100.00$ to get an estimate and the estimate was sky high so ..... hope u get the message ... it. seems tgat this is a family business and they have a big one giving good reviews i paid 2000$ to fix it while this place asked fr 5000$
5	Cheap n honest, that's what I like...I actually fixed the oil leak myself but Reddie and his crew cleaned up the oily mess Terribles did with my oil change a couple weeks ago.  I'm pretty particular with my cars and want to make sure there were no other issues.  Plus they have snacks n Bourne Identity playing in the lobby, what's not to like haha!
1	It seems like these guys are either really good or really bad with their work. Unfortunately my experience this day was really bad. I went in to get an oil leak diagnosed. I set up an appointment so I could wait while they looked at it. No problem there. After sitting for 30 minutes or so I was invited back to see my car on the lift. I was told "the whole engine is leaking, you need to reaseal the whole thing". I asked how much is that and was told $2,800 - $3,000. Oh, and you have to leave it "for about a month or more while we work on it in the back". Yikes I think. So for putting it up on the lift and telling me the whole engine leaks and could I leave it for a month and pay $3,000 costs me $95 and 2 hours away from work. So I decided to take it elsewhere and get a second opinion a few days later. WHAT A DIFFERENCE. These guys take the car, put it on the lift, steam off the excess oil, run the engine, steam off the oil until they isolate the leak. Result : A gasket needs to be replaced. Cost : $350. NO DIAGNOSTIC FEE. They needed to order the gasket so it will be done the next day. I think I found my new best car fixing friends.
5	I found this place after moving to Vegas over a year ago.  They may charge a bit more for an oil change but it's totally worth it.  I've taken my Lexus here twice with no issues.
5	I have been going to RG for about 3 years now. From standard oil changes to more major repairs, this shop has always been honest, helpful and candid about my options when dealing with my Audi A4. After dealing with dealers, I have no problem sending my family and friends to this spot. They do excellent work at a fair, itemized cost!
1	This company is a rip off. My check engine light came on and they didn't tell me because they said they thought I knew about it. They caused the problem because it was just smog tested 1 day before I brought it in and the code. They told me it needs all sorts of new parts costing thousands because it was leaking from the brand new water pump. I bought 2 clamps at Autozone and fixed it for a dollar. Also paid to fix the window motor and when they returned it it would not roll up. They then said it was the switch that would cost over a hundred bucks to plug in. I asked them why they didn't tell me about this also and they said it works half the time. In their defense if you spend 5-10 mins it does roll up. It would have been cheaper to take it to the dealership and I wouldn't have to fix the check engine light. Do not go here unless you would like to get ripped off.
5	Second time here...IN REALITY....I would rate this place 3 stars, but thank goodness they have Angela in the front!...I give this place 5 stars only because of her and how super nice she always is. Very welcoming...very important.Always deal with Ryan...kinda feel like just a number when I see him and ask questions, so I don't even bother anymore. I do wish that customer tech communication and follow-up was better. I brought my car in and informed them of my concerns...and they failed to address an oil leak concern I had. Just that extra special touch of we heard you and we actually care about your concern would be nice.
5	The brakes went out on my 2005 Ford Taurus and I called around to a few other local places to get a guesstimate and was told $2500-$3500 just for the brakes OUCH!  Then I saw the reviews of RG Moterworks on Yelp and even though they are import specialist I decided to give them a call.  They took the time on the phone to ask questions to find out as much as they could about what was going on with my brakes and other issues I was having with my car.  Reddie said that if (very big IF) they didn't have to replace a lot on the brakes it would be about $300 but he wouldn't known for sure until he had the chance to look at it.  The car was not safe to drive so I had it towed in on Tuesday afternoon and went over the items that I needed fixed. 1. Brakes2. Steering3. Drivers seat loose4. Trunk latch brokenHe called me back on Wed and said that most of the parts from the brakes were not salvageable and would need to be replaced and that the power steering pump was dead and would also need to be replaced same with the trunk latch and the mount for the driver seat would need to be welded back to the floor (at this point all I could hear was ChaCHING on his end of the line or so I though).  Then came the price for all of it just about $2000 I was so happy I had him replace a blown speaker and do the 100k mile maintenance tuneup.total for everything $2398.88I could go on and on about how great they were but I will just leave you with this last thought I saw another review on here that was what really made me give them a try and it was by Tom F when he said he would feel comfortable sending his wife to have RG Moterworks work on their car and I feel the same way.  They have earned my business for life.
5	RG seems very nice and honest. I had a whole list of things that another auto repair place wanted to do, maintenance wise, and RG did the diagnosis on my car and said everything was working fine. That saved me about $1500! They were also able to repair a part on my hub, when 2 other places said the whole hub would have to be replaced, so that also saved me about $200. Everyone working there is friendly and knowledgeable, and I will definitely keep going back to them for any work needed.
4	Had taken my car to Redddy and Ryan fixed my Nissan. It had to go back as it was jumping. Reddy said leave it with me let me check it out. They got me a rental car and got me a discount on it, and then took off discount for me renting a car. That was so nice , the rental place tried to TACK on high fees However Reddy Mom.. cute an d sweet as she is.. called them and GOT my discounted RG Motorworks Rate back as it should have been as RG said. That was Awesome.. I love this shop just wished they were closer. :) however well worth the drive and price was so reasonable,  then in talking to Reddy's mom, found they were from same City and state, Shout out to San jose....
5	Once again RG comes through. Price was much better as compared to BMW, and my car was ready even faster than expected.
5	I found RG Motorworks by checking Yelp, and it seemed a likely place. I called and asked a few questions on the phone that required a bit of specialized knowledge regarding my vehicle. (I'm particular) Not only was Reddie available and able to answer them, he was friendly too.Angela keeps the office going and is very nice and friendly. I even got a ride home!While not the cheapest, I'm getting what I pay for here. I want a mechanic that is thorough, knowledgeable, and conscientious. Reddie and his brother fit that to a T!I have now visited them a couple of times for work - I'm happy.
1	If you drive a BMW or any German car for that matter, do not bring your car here. I took my 2007 BMW 328i here while in Vegas. Almost to Vegas on the freeway, I received a whole bunch of errors and warnings lights. Brakes, traction went off, loss of power and my car was acting terrible (now I know it was the alternator that went out, giving the car no power). I pulled over, started it and it worked,so I drove it to the hotel, and woke up in the morning to find out the car was dead. AAA Jumped the car and I drove it to RG Motorworks. After having my car for a few days, they came to the conclusion it was the battery, and gave me a new battery. I was skeptical because I knew it was something more complicated than the battery. Nevertheless they ensured me I was safe to drive back to LA, although I should get it checked upon ariving. . Upon receiving my car I still had traction error off and the brake signal error. They said I was OK to drive back to LA. So I drove for about 120 miles, then the car had the same problems, but this time it died on the 15 freeway. I was able to pull over, called AAA, got it towed to AAA facility, where upon 45 minutes they told me it was the alternator. Here I am a week after my EDC Vegas trip, car is 120 miles away. They should have just told me they did not know what was wrong with the car, instead of sending me off  to almost die. I was recommended here by someone, and the other reviews are good, so apparently they know to fix some cars. But not German cars. Their incompetence nearly ruined my trip, and cost me a lot of time and money. Luckily I had my friend (who was in Vegas with me with his own car) follow me on the freeway,  because I was unsure if I was going to make it.
5	I went to this place originally cuz they are the cheapest option and by reading the good review here. They turned out to be great!!! They fixed the AC in my car, it was blowing hot air. Ryan was very helpful and patient with me especially since i know nothing about cars (i barely know how to open the hood lol). I even came back the next day to have things checked, he waited and was very nice about it late in the day @5:40 pm. The receptionist was very nice and friendly, she gave me rides both ways, she's the best!!Their price was couple hundred dollars cheaper than other shops (TireWorks, AI Cars,etc). They also took my 10% discount coupon. Give them a try!! My AC is so cold now that I think I'm getting a flu lol They seem very honest and really want to help you. oh btw, congrats on the new location guys!!
2	2 stats for the nice lady at the front and one of the only nice mechanics. I don't know why this place is so hyped up. I used to come here for oil changes and what not. It was $125 for an oil change. I found a different place that does it for free as long as you bring in your own filter and oil. Which comes to around s $70. To me, that's a pretty penny to be saving.Anyways, I knew my control arm bushing had to be replaced. RG Motorsports quoted me something over 900 dollars. INSANE! Then I had an oil leak and they wanted 500 to fix it. LUCKILY, I found a different mechanic/shop that I genuinely trust. The other guys charged me $194.49 to replace my control arm bushings(labor and tax included) and my oil leak for only $124!In all honestly, I think this place is a complete rip off. It's totally overpriced. And I feel like they're a little impersonal with you. They don't tell you in detail what's wrong with your car. They just tell you what you need to "replace" and how much it's gonna cost. I will never bring my car here again. Oh and they also gave me a list of what's wrong with my car. I usually like to get 2nd or 3rd opinions before I do anything to my car, come to find out, I didn't need ANY of the things replaced. I really can't with this place. Just happy I found a different mechanic!
