3	Cheap, easy way to go for a buffet.It's located in what I call the "heart of the east side" where China Olive use to be at. It's pretty small compared to other Buffet @ Asia restaurants, but the building itself was already pretty small.Anyways.. Expect a wait. Not too long of a wait though. They're pretty quick on getting people in and out.The food itself is your standard Chinese food. If you go during dinner, they have a selection on crab which is my favorite! I don't come here with high expectations, so I'm pretty well satisfied at the end of my meal. Their sushi is actually pretty decent as well.Great place to go if you're on the east side and want some Chinese food.
1	This place has a very limited selection of food for their dinner buffet. Asia is a huge continent. This place has extremely basic Chinese-buffet dishes and offers no desserts.I was forced to dine here by my roommate who likes buffets.... Two fish dishes were great; however, all the basics(orange chicken; beef; seafood delight) were awful. The only remotely exciting dish was fried potstickers(the frozen food aisle ones).Dessert options were reminiscent of my granny's nursing home(tons of jellos and gross soft-serve ice cream in basic-b!?@$ cones). Old oysters in dessert area.       Dinner Price: $15Alas, a hibachi buffet is being built about a mile away(behind capriottis on Nellis). I'd advise Mexican for dining in this area, unless you enjoy nearby Applebee's or olive garden(in which case you'll love this place!).
1	First time very good experices second worst waiter I have ever meet!!He rolled his eyes every time I try to get his attention and when I let another staff member know she quickly talked to him but this person would not even offer to take the plates or nither refill my coke (not that I would after complaining) one bad employee makes you have seconds toughs about going back.. P.S Sushi is not even worth it
2	I have been wanting to check out this new location for awhile now because it's pretty close to my home and all I can say is that I've experienced better. The service was okay. The cashiers were nice, but the servers who refilled our drinks and took our plates acted like they didn't want to be there. Have a little bit of enthusiasm for your work or you won't go anywhere in life. They had a better variety of entrees and desserts than the Flamingo location, but they don't have Mongolian BBQ. I ate here only a few hours ago, but I am already experiencing a sour stomach. The food here is soooooooooo greasy. I was feeling sick at the table because of the insane amount of grease! I love dessert though and their tapioca pudding is the best.Anyway, this place was okay, but I don't think I'll be back.
1	I had to treat my mom out because she wanted noodles. So aside from d buffet, we stopped in this joint. I was greeted at the door, which was a good sign thus far, cleanliness of the place appearing to be good. Service good...negative: the food wasn't held at priper temperatures..can we say foodborne illness?
3	The sushi was surprisingly really good, but the rest of the food was mediocre. The place was clean and service was decent. It's no five star buffet, but my experience was much nicer than the previous reviewers. I would recommend for large parties as there are many options, especially for kids.
4	This place was surprisingly good. I read the other reviews and I think that people need to keep an open mind on this buffet. This place is clean and the staff is friendly. The food was almost the same as the one in Eastern. For $6.99 (lunch) their food would satisfy anyone who is low on budget. Their sushi was great and I liked their oxtail soup. The best part was you get to scoop your own ice cream (vanilla, chocolate, strawberry). And their boba was good as well. Try this place and check it out for yourself!
4	Had a great experience, Customer Service: The employees are friendly "for being asian" I mean its a different culture so they are definitely nice comparing to standard expectations. Food: There isn't as many options in plates as a large buffet but for the price its okay.Price: Inexpensive.
4	When I am craving standard asian food I come here. My favorite spot to go eat during lunch and dinner hours with the family because it gives a clean place to eat and good enough service. It's packed with other families and that is how you know the place is deliciously legit, right?? Tonight was my third time here but second time for dinner. We came in around 5pm and were quickly seated 5 minutes after we paid. When we came for lunch it was a 10-15 minute wait for a table of 7.My favorite food selections here would have to be their egg rolls (full of veggies & crisp), fried rice (fresh and full of different veggies, even ham and egg) and the endless variety of sushi (their soy sauce is just terribly salty). For desert they have 8 different selections of ice cream, it's not soft and just perfect for sensitive teeth. Every time we come I fit their sugary donuts somewhere in between plates. It is so good. It is usually near the beef broccoli (beef is terrible - just get the broccoli). The only downfalls I have about here is their crabs (I lOVE CRAB) and it's so small that you shouldn't bother with trying to get meat out. There is barely any in there. Plus I ate their shrimp and noticed they didn't clean the poop line. Eww. Beware. Had a great experience tonight. Will come back again.
