4	Good Tex-Mex, go for lunch, it is the same as the dinner menu, but less expensive.  I love everything there, the rellenos are great.  I also love the candies they give out at the door.The service has always been good.  Eat here now, the prices constantly go up!The restrooms are tucked away by the bar, nice private clean stalls and stocked, 4 Flushes.
3	We usually prefer the more hole in a wall kind of Mexican, but got a coupon in the mail so decided to check Blue Adobe Grille out.  The servers were a bit overwhelmed by the lunch rush (it was later explained to me that one did not show up for work).  The room's large and comfy.We ordered the Santa Fe where you get to choose uno or dos items out of a selection of enchiladas, tacos, burros, tamales, etc. - we picked the carne adovado and lobster tamale ($9.50 plus "Up Charge" of $1.50 for the lobster).  And also the Soup and Salad: Posole and Adobe Salad.Verdict:4 stars: Lobster Tamale - generously filled with large chunks of lobster3 stars: Adobe Salad - plain solid2 stars: Carne Adovado - pork itself is quite bland and the sauce tastes like the adobo sauce I get from a can2 stars: Posole - bland especially after having the complimentary chips and spicy salsa If all we had ordered was the Lobster Tamale, this could've been 5 stars.Check out Feasting in Phoenix for a detailed review from Seth:http://feastinginphoenix.com/?p=206
3	It was Saturday night and I faced a major dilemma - I had 0 edibles in my kitchen (save for some butter and ketchup) but I was not motivated to put any effort into going out for dinner in (North) Scottsdale.  I needed something super easy and casual, so my first instinct was "Let's go to Chilis".But wait, I had recently seen a review for the Blue Adobe Grill and knew it was right around the corner.I threw on an old pair of jeans and a hoodie, hid my greasy hair with a baseball cap, and headed out.  It was exactly what I needed.  Casual environment.  No wait for a table.  Moderately priced food and a $25 gift certificate from restaurant.com purchased for $4 (god I love that website).The food was good enough and definitely hit the spot.  I wasn't coming here for a culinary experience, I wanted something on par with Chilis and they definitely delivered and then some.  And BTW, it's not Tex-Mex as Chip suggests, it's New Mexican (which is way different).  The atmosphere was laid back, the server was friendly, and the food was bountiful.Thanks Blue Adobe Grille for the quality alternative to Chilis.
5	You want to know why I am giving this place 5 stars after a bunch of local hacks give it 3 or less?  Let me tell you.The food is quite good.  Let's all not over analyze the situation here.  It's Mexican food.  And better than many other local places.  You went here for lunch one time and the service was marginal so you give it three stars?  Did you taste your food?  Are you comparing this to Taco Bell?  Do horses wear socks? The bottom line is that Blue Adobe has great food, great beer, and you should eat here.  The wait staff is very good. As much as I come here for business TRUST.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Great Mexican-Southwest soul food! 4/5This restaurant is just right next to our house. Per J's colleague's recommendation, we checked out this place right after we moved in to our Jenan's house a year ago. The atmosphere is great with great food. All Blue Adobe's dishes come in BIG portion. I would recommend sharing there. Anything we tried there was good.
2	Went here yesterday for lunch while my car was at MINI being serviced. The place for starters has no feeling of arrival. There is just a door on the side of a building with no awning, patio, etc. There was no one there to greet me when I came in so I made my way over to the bar. There were a couple of middle aged women running the bar and doing a mediocre job of it at best. I ordered the chimichilada, MAN, you gotta REALLY like mushrooms to eat that thing. The chimi part of it was ok, but nothing really to write home about. This place has been dubbed a direct competitor to Richardson's? get real. The chips were the only good part of my meal. I'm a big guy with a big appetite, and I didn't even have a desire to finish my meal, it was just not a good dish. Besides the food, the restaurant was just really akward in layout. The bar top seemed as if it were a removable piece of furniture from Ikea... not cool. One of the waitresses even had her two kids hanging out in the restaurant running back into the kitchen, eating, etc. Pretty sure that would violate some sort of health code. I'll stick to Richardson's thank you.UPDATE 6/26/08:Went here to please my co-workers... they all wanted to go after taliesin west tour so I figured I would give it another shot. Worse than the first time... the service was worse, the chips and salsa was worse, and the food was even more bland. Not as many mushrooms though. I'm gonna keep it at 2 stars though, because I hate to give out onesies.
2	I really have tried to give this restaurant a shot.  I've been 4 or 5 times now, and other than the friendly staff, I just don't have anything positive to share about it.  The food is always glistening with oil/grease!  Everything from the rice to the corn tortillas is shiny. Today, I just wanted some fish taco's a-la Rubios or Baja Fresh and instead spent $13 for uber greasy (hey- a little grease now and then is just fine, but this is beyond gross) tacos.  They tasted okay, but I couldn't help but wonder if Crisco is their main friend???  Ewwwww.  Sorry, I don't have a better review, but I gave them 4 or 5 tries to make something that wasn't dripping in gooey lard!  Better luck to you.  Warmly,Kirin :)
1	Literally two minutes from my old home and we were desperate. The place was totally empty at like 8pm on a friday night. My friend ordered the appetizer sampler and I order the spinach salad with no dressing add grilled shrimp! The waitress asked if we'd like to eat "together", weird way to phrase it, and I asked to have both dishes served at the same time.Well, within 15 minutes the sampler was dropped off, no salad nor waitress in sight.  After about 10 minutes she tops by and I ask about my salad. She sneaks back to the kitchen and three minutes later informs me that it should only be about 10 minutes. She asks my friend if she'd like to have the kitchen "hang on" to the sampler and serve the dishes together in a couple minutes!  It was so absurd, especially since the appetizers were supposed to be served hot and the odd dip had already congealed.  A manager finally delivered  a salad, but definitely not the one I had ordered.  When I noted the error she asked what I wanted her to do, and I asked for the check and sent the salad back. Eventhough no food had actually been consumed she neglected to comp or amend the check! What horrible customer service!!
4	While I'm typically not a big Mexican food fan, Blue Adobe definitely won me over.  It was a beautiful night to dine outdoors and Blue Adobe had a spacious outdoor dining area.  Our appetizers with guacomole and lobster dip were pretty good although I would agree that the chips are greasy.  My lobster tomale was really yummy and unique.   I'd definitely go back!
3	We were still on a search for New Mexican food and I read up on this place and it was also recommended by a friend.  It was average, not very New Mexican.  I tried the pecan grilled shrimp tacos and they were good! My boyfriend got the stacked enchiladas which was just ok.  Still on the hunt for good New Mexican food in AZ.
3	The enchiladas were very good!!!!!Service was ok.chips and salsa were ok, not great.
5	Fantastic dinning experience, Michael and his staff provided a great  atmosphere and better dinning experience. Sat at the bar, great selection of micro brews.  My meal consisted of the Chilean Sea Bass, with a side of shrimp enchiladas. The bass was nicely blackened, the shrimp flavorful. Even the rice was above average.  I would recommend Blue Adobe to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere, friendly service, and favorable food.
4	I was a little weary about coming here, because for some reason in my head I was thinking it was a Baja Fresh/Rubios type place, boy was I wrong.Most importantly, I think they made me the freshest squeezed margarita I've ever had. I also ordered some food, the delicious Adobo Pulled Pork sandwich, and guess what, it came with fries AND onion rings! I hate having to choose. Other than our entire experience being positive, the only thing I'd say could use some help is maybe the decor. Kinda bland, the bar is the best part, we didn't hang out inside much since we sat on the patio, so maybe some more plants on the patio to block the view of the parking lot.
1	Skip and goto Osha Thai opposite. We gave up a great meal to try this place. Knew there was trouble when there was dried food on the silver wear and last nights grease stains on the cloth napkins. I kept my mouth shut, the server had attitude at 'hello'. We left 3/4 of our food on the plate, it was bad, reluctantly had to open my mouth and tell the server food wasn't great, he replied with major attitude, 'oh thats funny, everyone loves our food' and then glides off. It was that blunt. Came back with bill. We highlighted the fact he didn't ask what was wrong and major attitude sprung again. Asked for the manager, he sprung major attitude again, manager came out, I felt for the guy, he did his best, some servers need new careers seriously or just need to jump off a cliff. Gave us half off the bill, we weren't looking for $ off, just to give our experience and really let them know. How many customers leave saying to themselves 'that was terrible' and they never know. I'm tired of spending my money on poor food and expected tips on rude servers. One positive.....Beer was cold
3	We ate here twice the week we were in Scottsdale. The food is good for the price, the service is friendly and the place was packed both nights we  went.  We especially enjoyed the soups.  They also have great outdoor seating.
4	Passed this strip mall place a thousand times, finally tried t out. Much better than I expected... Food was original, very well prepared, and extremely delicious. I had a pork adobada thingy (spelling???), and my Wife had a southwestern chicken pasta bowl that was really great! Service was outstanding, replenished our chips and salsa numerous times. No 4 star rating for the lack of ambience- Sort of a sports bar mentality, not a date place or fine dining room. Great place, otherwise!
4	The Chicken pasta is the best here.  Healthy creative Tex-Mex food.  Lot's of fancy cocktails.
2	Bland Tex mex for those afraid of real Mexican flavors, and despite the name there was little NewMexican on the menu. I could best describe it as eating at a hotel style meal.We opted to sit on the patio and enjoy the nice weather, it was odd that we were escorted out of the front door to get to the patio. The lighting was dim making it hard to read the menu. The chips and salsa did not arrive for over 10 minutes which is a bit odd. Some one at the table ordered a bean dip appetizer that came in a small dish, and was a bit lacking of flavor. The tri color chips looked nice but were a bit stale and the salsa lacked any green chilies spice I would expect from a NewMexcan spot.I went with the Enchanted Garden Enchiladas, with red and green sauce, The veggies inside were crisp but the enchilada sauces again were very bland and spice less, the rice and beans were nothing special. $11.95.Aside from the lack of flavor the other issue was the long wait, in all it took 1:25 to eat here, waiting for the meal and then the check seemed like an eternity.I say go elsewhere for Mex style food.
5	Went to Blue Adobe on Tuesday.  The Owners greeted us and remembered us from our previous visit.  Tuesday is Taco Night and a Taco Plate is only $6.99.  I ordered the taco plate and a margarita. My wife and son split the pulled pork salad.  Both meals were excellent.  The service was also impeccable. I would highly recommend the Blue Adobe.
4	Stumbled upon "Taco Tuesday" - buy any drink (alco or non) and get 2 tacos for ~$7.  Our party all partook the special offer and were all pleased with the results.  We had an array of taco flavors, my personal fav was the tenderloin (beef), while I found the chicken to be a bit dry.  The chips and salsa they serve pre-meal were fantastic, really great flavor in the salsa.  Great place
4	Over the last few weeks I've been wondering about this restaurant based on the seemingly always full parking lot.  Curious, I perused their website and was impressed.  Their claim of  "flavorful spice" left me intrigued, so I had to see for myself if all the conundrum was true.It was a beautiful evening, so we decided to sit outside. However, walking through the restaurant I felt the quaintness vibe and liked the simplicity of the decorations.  The bar was down to earth and I'm pretty sure I saw Norm sitting on the corner.  It was charming.  The outside patio area comes equipped with standing heat lamps, so when the sun set behind us, we still felt very comfortable.  The fact that the patio also faced inside the shopping area was nice, so that you didn't notice the busy traffic on Frank Lloyd Wright.Service was very prompt and I noticed that my glass of tea and water were never allowed to reach empty.  In fact, when they asked to grab my glass I was surprised to find it half way gone.  They serve chips and salsa while you peruse the menu.  The chips are very tasty and no extra salt is needed.  The salsa on the other hand was okay.  We found out later in the meal that they had a salsa caliente, which I would highly suggest.  It was spicy, but anyone could handle it and it had more flavor than the mild salsa.Tuesday is taco day.  A very good deal if you are on the lookout!  $6.95 for a choice of two tacos and a variety of fillings for any taste bud.  I tried the stacked enchiladas smothered in christmas style sauces (red and green chile), carne adovada, cheese, corn tortillas, and I topped it off with a perfectly over easy fried egg.  It was very delicious.  The pork was tender and flavorful and I'm pretty sure I was licking the plate to make sure I didn't miss anything.  I preferred the green chile sauce, but if you're not sure which way to go, like me, getting the christmas style was the way to do it!  Also, I cannot say enough about the rice.  It was the most flavorful, exciting rice I have ever gotten at a restaurant.  Gone are the days of ignoring the boring rice and beans here, so definitely make sure you try them.If you're into happy hours, they were offering a dollar off all beers and seemed to have a good variety to choose from.  I also suggest checking out their website.  Every day something different is going on--True Blue Night, and Fresh Catch Friday, to only name a couple.  I'll definitely be checking out their blackboard specials, and perhaps stumble into a couple margaritas as well!  I was hoping to find the spice and flavor they boasted about and I left completely satisfied.  This is a great place to hang out for practically any occasion without leaving your pocketbook empty.  Why is the parking lot full, I wondered?  Because the restaurant was packed with happy customers.
4	Picked The Blue Adobe for my husband's b'day lunch...so glad I did!! We were seated by a pleasant young woman..chips and salsa followed within a minute or so...love the salsa!!! Our server, Scott, was attentive without hovering and accommodated our requests for just a few more minutes to check out the menu. I chose the Pecan Grilled Chicken sandwich w/a fantastic Chipotle Tomato Relish. The slightest hint of the pecan wood used to grill the chicken imparted a nice extra layer of flavor but the Chipotle Tomato Relish was DELIGHTFUL!!!!  I suggested that the Chef really needed to bottle and sell it..it was simply addicting..sweet and spicy..loved it. Husband had the Carne Adovada. He finished every bite but did mention that he felt there was just a bit too much of the Red Chile Adobo sauce..it kind of overwhelmed the flavor of the pork..that would be the only small negative we experienced. We both felt that there was a nice blend of spices and flavor in our meals w/o being too hot. Had a good conversation w/Michael, the manager. He is truly concerned about the quality of service and food...we will definitely be back. Thanks again Michael and Scott..see you soon!
5	This place is awesome.  Looks like a true hole-in-the-wall from the outside. Very unassuming.  But inside is actually quite nice with colorful chandeliers and a nice bar area - bathrooms were nice too-  The food is phenomenal.  And cheap!!!  Go on Tuesdays - special is the carne adovada.  And the carne adovada is to die for.  Two people can easily split one order and be totally full.  You can cut the meat with a spoon.  Mmmmm so yummy just thinking about it.  I want to try other food choices but I just know I won't be able to tear myself away from re-ordering the adovada.  Everyday of the week a different menu choice is on special so make a week out of Blue Adobe :)
4	Stopped in last Saturday night for a late dinner. Was pleased to sit out on the nice patio. Enjoyed some live music and a pitcher of red sangria. Delicious. The service was spot on for sure. As soon as we were seated, we received water, fresh/tasty chips and a verde salsa. The waitress was very attentive but not overbearing.My hubster ordered beef lazy tacos and I had the waitress surprise me with anything off the gluten free menu (except salmon). The tacos, per my husband were delicious. I received chorizo stuffed chicken. It was fabulous. I would have liked a little more spice in the sauce and more excitement in the grilled veggies, but otherwise for a gluten free meal - amazing. There were a lot of gluten free options. I was very grateful for the menu and the knowledge of the staff.
4	Fast friendly service with quick refills on the excellent chips and fire roasted salsa. Had the Caesar as a side salad to entree; very average. The stacked enchiladas with shredded beef with fried egg on top with rice & beans was very good. So was the chile relleno. Overall great service and very good food. It is not gourmet but much better than average.
5	My wife and I love this place! We try to eat out here at least once a month as our dining out budget allows. The service is solid, the food is Santa Fe style and excellent, and my wife especially loves the salsa and chips (although she tends to eat all of the blue corn chips before I can get them!!!). Prices are fair for dinner (except margaritas are a bit pricey), and the weekday specials are great. Had dinner there last night with some out of town friends. 6 adults, 4 of us had margaritas, tab was about $150 ($25/person). Most of us ordered from their "Blue Plate" menu, which tends to have their specialty items, and cost more per plate. You certainly can have a great dinner meal with drinks for between $15-$20.
5	Great first visit!  I'll try again soon and we'll see if they can keep the 5 star rating.  I have to say, I'm loving this corner of Frank Lloyd and Via Linda - several great options (Anacala, with Pars, Tesoro, etc).  I've avoided this place until now (2 yrs in the neighborhood) because it looks awful from the outside - like a sports bar or cheesy diner with those stark blue signs in the windows - whatever it looks like, it does NOT look like the cosy place it is! We sat outside on a 90+ evening, it was 'just right' - without annoying dripping misters. The live music from inside was actually great (not too loud, not intrusive, recognizable songs sung well - what I want from live music in a restaurant!). Even though we sat outside, the inside looked VERY inviting ... we'll see how cold it is (main reason I sit outside is that inside, restaurants are too cold in summer). The lobster queso appetizer was great (but too filling).  My partner had the salmon, and she loved it. I had a steak, and it was more tender than I could have hoped for ... can't quite explain that one but it was good!  Both my partner and I were served a large chili stuffed with potato - it was truly outstanding!!!Will definitely be back. Only downside was that they allow smoking on the patio; luckily this visit there was no wind so the smokers in the corner were not noticeable ... but that will lose a star or two for sure if I end up next to a smoking table!
4	I went to visit a friend up in N Scottsdale and we decided to try this place with our families. I had no expectations going in. I was just hungry.We were seated almost immediately. There were 7 of us, so prepping a table was in order. Immediately we were introduced to our waiter and drink orders taken. They served the complimentary chips and salsa. I could have satisfied my hunger with that. The chips (and those who know me well, know I am not a chip person, nor a salt person.) were not salty, not oily, and the salsa was so delicious!! It had a great roasted flavor and just enough heat to satisfy me, but not spoil my taste for my dinner. Yum....I ordered the seafood enchiladas. My friend ordered the chorizo stuffed chicken. Once my friend to her first bite, she was hooked. I actually heard a groan of satisfaction escape her. That says a lot considering she ran her own restaurant and is pickier than I am with my food. My seafood enchiladas were delicious! The seafood wasn't rubbery and overcooked. The salmon inside was tender and perfectly cooked. They didn't tell me what the catch of the day was though. I didn't care. It was GOOD. The side dishes were good too. I was happy to hear that the pinto beans were cooked with a chicken stock and not pork products. Whew!Since this was my first trip, I am hoping that they are consistent. I want to go back. As I'm typing this up, my stomach is screaming at me to fill it.*
5	This place is off the hook. From the smoky salsa to the portabello enchilada with a side of smoked chili's. Robbie S. took great care of us. The ambiance was nice, contrary to other opinions. Don't miss this gem of a joint. I look forward to our next visit.
4	Excellent food excellent service...all round wonderful establishmentMichael the proprietor seated us and spoke with us at length...it was a most insightful look at the philosophy of this restaurant, and its daily struggle to fend off the deleterious effects of the Obama-economy.We took Mike up on the ingenious marketing scheme they have which allows you on Mondays to order any of the daily specials served through out the week for $10Carne Adovada Stacked enhilada's, A green chili cheeseburger, and the green chili corn chowder.  All the food was delicious, Mary was our server and she was working her butt off to keep 10 tables all happy at once.I must call Robert M. on the 4th of July 2011 out on his bullsh*t review!!  Not worth the drive???  Step above Macayo's??  Locals locked into area???  Remote???  never make it into town to real restaurants??Robert how about you head back over to that Panchos buffet down in South Phoenix where you obviously spend a lot of time and leave the good places for those of us with a clue!   Robert...these are HARD WORKING people trying to make a living...may I suggest you cancel your Yelp account?!?!?!
5	I've never given a 10 rating or 5 full stars to just about anything ever before, but this place served me the best plate of pasta I've ever had at any restaurant, bar none, and I lived in and around NYC for over 20 years! Do yourself a favor...check this place out!
4	I ate there last September with my boss.  It's definitely a Southwest cuisine kind of place.  I'm not a big Tex-Mex fan, but my boss loves Mexican food.  It's kind of a funny story, but a couple of days before we went here, my boss said there was a Mexican restaurant across the street from the GD plant (the old Motorola building) on McDowell Blvd (Locals know what I'm talking about).  I didn't recall any Mexican places there and sho'nuff, it was a Cajun restaurant (and closed).  So we walked a mile and  half in 108 degree heat until we hit a Mexican restaurant -- TACO Bell.  I didn't think it was possible to F--k Up a cheese quesadilla, but it was awful.  My boss hated his meal and got a bad case of the runs all afternoon.So I felt bad for my boss and took a bullet for him.  I found Blue Adobe to be a highly ranked place and invited him to meet me there.  It was a bit of a drive, but definitely well worth the trek,  He ordered a Mexican dish (I forgot what it was) and truly enjoyed it.  I had the chicken stuffed with chorizo and liked my dish as well.  Chorizo is the one Mexican item I do enjoy.Margarita's were good, but a bit smallish.I highly recommend Blue Adobe.
5	Blue Adobe is our meeting place for Abby Bella Dance Scottsdale. We meet new emloyees, have meetings and just have lunch and happy hour. Every day there is an amazing special for just $10, my favorite is the seafood enchiladas. Stuffed with shrimp, salmon and other delights from the sea combined in a blue corn tortilla and topped with sauce and cheese. Everything I have tried is great! The patio is a great place to meet with friends and wind down from your day. Great chips and salsa. The service is always good and Michael always stops by with a joke and/or a story.
5	Been back several times, still holding up! The 'Red Chili Pork Posole' is truly awesome! The Pork Adovado is great too. Now that it is winter time, I've found the interior to be way too cold - I end up keeping my coat on which sucks!
5	This place is awesome. I've been here several times and everything on the menu sounds great, but I keep getting the carne adovada stacked enchilladas (Christmas style with a fried egg). Its just incredible.The roasted salsa before the meal is also some of the best I've had and they have excellent prices on specials every night.
5	This is my go-to place in my new neighborhood!  I think I ate here 3 times in one week, during my move and lack of kitchen.  I love their chili rubbed salmon!  I am not sure what they do to the potatoes that come on the side, but they are amazing!  I recommend eating the chili, the potatoes are served in, along with them; it really adds to the flavors!  The servers and bartenders are very friendly, insightful about the menu, and accommodating.  The chips and fresh salsa served with any entree are so delicious, I ended up buying a jar to take home (comes in a cute jar too).  You do not need a reservation here, but it always seems to be quite busy. Blue Adobe also has live music Thursday through Saturday, but it is not open that late (maybe 11 or so).  I saw Ivan on Thursday and he played an acoustic guitar and sang with a unique, sexy voice ;)  He also did some great renditions of a few classic Christmas Carols for the holidays.
5	We tried Blue Adobe Grille last night and it was fantastic.  The food, drinks and service were all A+.  We will absolutely return and recommend this place to anyone who likes  Mexican/Tex-Mex cuisine both authentic and with a smoky pecan wood twist.  Try it, you will not be disappointed here.
4	We like Blue Adobe and have visited both locations numerous times.  The Scottsdale location is close to home.   Love to support the locals and these guys make it easy.  Their wait staff is always attentive and friendly.  It seems to be well run with management very involved, you can tell the difference.Chips & salsa are favorites, although don't fill up (like I usually do) because you'll want to experience the main course.  My special favorites are crab cake tacos - yum!  Great sauce that goes on them, sometimes just not quite enough sauce.  Also some great soups - both Pork Posole & Chicken Corn Chowder are especially good.  We've tried their $10 specials (each night something different), most recently the blue seafood enchiladas.  As I said, I tend to fill up on the chips & salsa so half of this went home w/ me.  I was a little surprised but thought it was even better the next day. New Mexican cuisine is a nice change from the traditional.  Blue Adobe does it right.
4	Good food, bar atmosphere..
5	Love this place...every time.  The food is always great.  Live music that is not so loud you can't enjoy conversation at your table.  Very friendly hostess, servers and owners/operators.  And excellent margaritas.  What more could you ask for.
5	We go here nearly every week because I love the carne adovada, although we'll eventually make our way through the entire menu.  The stacked enchiladas get rave reviews, but you do need to like cheese.  I like the adovada lettuce wrap, too, though it's more like an iceberg wedge than wraps.
5	I picked up a jar of fresh-made salsa and chips for the Superbowl party I was attending last Sunday because they are that outstanding!  They were a big hit!  If you are dining at the Blue Adobe, definitely try the chips and salsa.  I am not a big fan of chipotle seasoning... it is definitely one of the key ingredients, but regardless I think it tastes great.  If you like it, you can buy a jar of the fresh salsa and take it home with you for about $9 (it is a good sized jar).
4	I came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon. The host was pretty nice and entertaining and we were promptly seated on the patio. The service was okay. I ordered a shredded beef enchilada and carne adovada combo, and I really loved the enchilada and shredded beef, but the carne adovada was pretty bland, and the rice and beans were really not that great.  But perhaps I am just not used to this Southwestern type of rice and beans. I also thought the menu was somewhat confusing. The chips and salsa were pretty good. Overall it was a fairly good experience; eating that great enchilada on the patio was memorable; but I do think this place is just a bit overpriced for lunch.
5	Blue Adobe Grill, how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways.  I love you every day of the the week, but especially on Thursdays!I love the way you greet me with a plate of tricolor chips,And the jar of chipotle salsa to pour into a bowl so I may dip.I love to hear Ivan sing and strum his guitar away,As I savor every bite of my free caesar salad and creme brulee. (Thursday night special if you order a Blue plate)I love you as I devour your salmon, rellenos, tacos or tamales,But don't forget those delicious beans, they also make me jolly.I love that you have great specials everyday of the week,Of delicious New Mexican fare does the menu bespeak.I also love your kids menu and your exceptional staff.One last tip, don't forget to order sangria by the carafe.
4	i Live right by this place but i never stopped in because it doesn't look appealing from the outside.  But after trying most other restaurants in the area and my need for something quick and close kicked in I decided to give this place a try.   GLAD I did.   It was actually very good.   THey give you chips and salsa to start.  And quite a big portion as well.   It was delicious.   I ordered the taco salad.   They call it a different name but that's pretty much what it is.   ANd that was delicious as well.   It also came with these large cracker looking deep fried chips that were awesome.   My friend had some chicken and rice which looked great and my friend said tasted great as well.  I will definetely be going back soon.    One of my faves for mexican food.    The only reason for not the 5th star was because although the service was nice and pleasant everytime we needed something we had to flag our server down.   She wasn't too attentive.   So overall 4 stars in my book and I'll be back for sure.
1	Terrible terrible food. Flavors were over powering and clashed. I had two bites. Son had a few bites. Husband had a few also. We all ordered different food and it was all disgusting.
4	The reviews do not disappoint!My colleague and I came in on a Monday night and had a fabulous meal. To begin with the Margarita's are fabulous! My colleague had the Stacked Enchiladas which I took a bite of as well and they were divine. I had a hard time deciding and ended up with the Ocean Front which was also very good. To be honest we could have eaten here every day and not run out of choices. The staff was really friendly, the atmosphere casual and there was a nice outdoor patio as well. It was a bit windy the night we were there so we stayed inside. March is a great time of year to visit the Phoenix/Scottsdale area!Enjoy!
5	This place rules.  The service is fast and friendly and the food is amazing.  Coming from Detroit, I was a little intimidated by the menu at first  because I had never seen half of what was on it.  The first time I went I ordered the salmon BLT which put me off when it arrived because it wasn't a sandwich at all.  Of course it ended up being one of the most delicious things I'd ever eaten and I have returned several times to try other dishes.The wait staff are great and always take time to explain the menu to newcomers.  I've never waited more than a minute or two for a drink and the food flies out pretty fast as well (I guess it has to, this place is always packed for dinner).
5	I love this place. The margaritas are great I love the guacamole and salsa. The service is attentive. I recommend this place to anyone.  Try their steak and portobello mushroom enchilada.
5	Best Neighborhood  spot  hands down. great food , great prices, great staff.great management. It always works. The salsa is great ,the fish top notch, the drinks  just excellent . We  have been regulars for over 10 years and never get tired of the great food . Music in the bar , best shrimp cocktail you will every enjoy. You can count on them .Michael has hired local kids  I have known since they were 5 years old and taught them many lessons in life, number one lesson treat people with care ,work hard and take pride in what you do..It shows!
4	It is New Mexico cuisine in Scottsdale.  I love the chile sauces!
5	Food and service were outstanding. Waitress recommended the spinach dip..... Incredible. Like no spin dip we have ever had. Wife had raspberry pork loin. It was the most tender piece of pork either one of us had ever tasted and the flavor was sweet but not overwhelming. I had the tex-mex pasta and chicken. Delicious and not too filling.
5	WOW!  Is all I can say!  We went here on a whim for dinner Saturday night, based mostly on the positive Yelp reviews, and that it was close to where we were staying.All I can say is the food was AWESOME!  But, making that even better was the fantastic service.  Everyone was so friendly and polite.  We had a little trouble making a Margarita decision (they all sound so good!!!), the waitress kept coming back, understanding the whole time, offering suggestions, but in no way overbearing.We ordered the the Skinny Margarita, and I had a Beer and a tequila shot.For dinner, my wife had the Tenderloin Rellenos, and I had the Carne Adovada.  Simply spectacular!  They were delivered by the owner himself, now I know where the staff get their friendly nature from!!Michael asked if there was anything he can do for us, and after some thought, we've decided he can.... OPEN IN VEGAS!!!!Too bad we live in Vegas, but next time in the Phoenix area, this place will defiantly be on our schedule!
5	Love this restaurants atmosphere. Thursday nights usually have an awesome singer (Ivan Hashman) - he reminds me of U2 or Eddie Vedder! The atmosphere is really nice. the Lobster dip is great! The food is hard to choose on the menu, its a little different. Their ceasar salad wasnt that great - dressing tasted store bought. The cheese enchiladas are good, Margaritas are great and I've heard they have great relleno, and chimis.
4	We tried a BAG in Mesa and the food was so-so. My wife loves Mexican food and we usually try different restaurants around the valley. When she mentioned this one in Scottsdale, I was kinda hesitant. But to my surprise, this restaurant rocks. The server was friendly and the manager came around to ask if we enjoyed our meal. BEsides all that, the food was amazing. We will definitely be back
5	We ended up here because of the reviews we saw on yelp, and we weren't disappointed.  Great appetizers and great food!!!
5	Blue Adobe catered the Toys for Tots Poker Tournament sponsored cStor and Larry Gentry. The food was amazing, the pork loins tender, the size of the shrimp outstanding with many condiments to make it even better The chipolte sauce had a great tangy taste. Also the mini chimichangas were great. The two gals there had smiling faces and kept the set up stocked. Can't wait to see this place for a meal in the restaurant.
3	Pretty fun atmosphere, live music, etc... Chips and salsa and guacamole were good.  I had basic cheese enchiladas, that which I judge all Mexican places, and I didn't even eat 1/2, it was made with cheddar cheese and the sauce was a red vs brown sauce, not good.  So I just filled up on chips and drinks.  My companions all liked their food, but they got entrees and seafood enchiladas.
4	Five of us enjoyed a casual and wonderful dinner at Blue Adobe. The fresh chips and dark salsa were very good - it took a lot of willpower to stop munching the chips and salsa before our meals arrived. I ordered the chicken chorizo which was accompanied by twice-baked potatoes served in a jalapeno pepper half - unique and zesty - as well as grilled vegetable strips.  All five of us truly enjoyed our meals. The atmosphere was comfortable and casual. Our server, Ashley, was excellent. I would definitely recommend Blue Adobe if you are in the Scottsdale area.
5	Went here on a recommendation from a friend. Very glad we did.Great service, excellent chips and dark medium-spiced salsa. Margaritas were great too. Our entrees ranged from rellenos to nachos, salmon Caesar salad to the signature adobe plate. Everything was amazing and portions were huge!You must try this place,it's a sure bet.
4	This is one of our neighborhood haunts. We love the bean dip app, chips & salsa, crispy crab cake tacos, stacked enchiladas w egg, & the corn chowder. Love the live music, bar & good atmosphere for families as well.
4	Came here on a whim while visiting Scottsdale on business - it's close to Frank Lloyd Wright's Taliesin West which I visited that afternoon.  My server, Nick, was very helpful in recommending menu options - I don't eat red meat, ended up with seafood enchiladas which are very good, but a large portion - don't come here if you aren't hungry!  Good local beer on tap and also, on request, they'll mix up some special spicy salsa for your chips.
5	Still our favorite neighborhood treat.Mike is a great host and the food is consitently great,the beer chilled to perfection and the staff as attentive as you need them to be. great for lunch,brunch, dinner or happy hour.
3	Based on the reviews I was disappointed with my entre...chicken pasta (linguini, basil and cream sauce). Too heavy and thick with an excess of heavy cream. Service however was 5 star so I'd give it another try. Might just have been an off night. Glad they had one of my favorite brews...Dos Equis amber!
5	Great service by Gary.  We began with the Blue Adobe Ceasar Salad, with lime tequila dressing. Delish.  The we split the layered enchilada. Pork. Also, wonderful.  We ended with a sopapia (sp?), although tasty, it was the only "okay" thing.  Very enjoyable and filling.  We would return if we didn't live in Indiana!
5	My favorite New Mexico Mexican food restaurant in the entire valley. The senses come alive from the moment you step out of your car and take in the aroma a pecan wood smoking the meat you will soon savor. The "Cruz Kitchen Signature" is a great combo where you can taste a variety from their kitchen. Absolute favorite is the Carne Adovada. The servings are huge enough to share, but you won't want to!
5	Great place with great food. The owner is awesome!
4	Just got home from dinner.  There were 3 of us.  We had fish tacos, chimichangas and chili relleno.  A+ on all except the relleno, as it was a bit doughy.  Really like the restaurant, nice  atmosphere, great service, very prompt but way too noisy with the live music.  If we come back, it will be earlier or when weather is warmer and we can sit outside.  Just to hard to chat and the guy wasn't that good.
4	The Blue Adobe serves excellent  Santa Fe and New Mexican cuisine.Sorry, there's no Tex-Mex, or piled high nachos or sizzling fajitas here.  New Mexican food focuses on Hatch green chiles and what they call a Christmas Tree sauce, that is half red and green.  In New Mexico they put the green chile in and on almost everything, from bagels to burgers*.  You can even get dried red New Mexico chile pepper pod as Christmas ornaments in Santa Fe!The Blue Adobe was founded by Chef Jose Leyva. It was his ability to deliver spice while maintaining incredible flavor that makes Blue Adobe different. As they advertise: "Our Fire Wood Grille uses Pecan Wood and our Chilies are Hatch."One of the hallmark of Blue Adobe is their Fire-roasted Salsa and tri-color chips. These are so popular, you can order a 27 oz jar to take some home. On our most recent trip, we started off with this, along with an order of Guacamole ($5.95). One of us had their shredded beef Chimichanga ($14.95).  Very flavorful and not overly spicy. We also tried their High Desert Pasta ($13.95), which had a delicious EVOO garlic and Asiago sauce, served on a Tortilla (photo).  For dessert, we had a New Mexican favorite of sopapillas with honey.  It's a very special puff dessert for only $1.50, and is not on the menu.Our bill, including three drinks came to a fair $66.73 including taxes, but before tip.  Everything was delicious and exquisite. And, yes we're a fan of the Blue Adobe!Enjoy!I have created a Santa Fe and Taos list, if you would like to know more about the area and cuisine:http://www.yelp.com/list/taos-or-santa-fe-nm-santa-fe* If you are interested, there is actually a blog for the New Mexico's Green Chile Cheeseburger Trail:http://www.santafe.com/blogs/read/new-mexicos-green-chile-cheeseburger-trail
1	They acknowledged our gift card, indicated it had a $50 balance, then said that due to 'new management,' they weren't going to honor it.If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.
2	two stars based solely on the bar and happy hour. Service sucked and happy hour prices don't make me happy
4	Excellent food. Great service and good atmosphere. I completely recommend this restaurant.
4	Not bad
3	This is a busy place with an inexperienced waitstaff. The restaurant is located a pretty good hike from mainstream Scottsdale, so the advantage is little, to no tourists. The servers are covering a lot of tables and the menu is extremely broad, maybe too broad for the kitchen. It seems they are Southwest, but there's no rhyme or reason behind the pizza's and other items on the menu. I tried a combo plate and thought this was ok. The tamale was a bit dry but the tenderloin relleno was really good. Reasonable prices, good food, ok Ambiance and fair service.
4	Been here twice now and both times were really good.Service has been very good both times and they have a nice outdoor patio area.Chips and homemade salsa are a great way to start.The corn chowder is great as a lunch alone or just a cup with something else from the menu. Our table tried a variety of menu items and everyone enjoyed their meal.Will definitely go back again.
3	Based on the rave reviews, we went to Blue Adobe last night. The service was excellent, the wine list fine, and the food was good. However the salad was drowning in dressing (order it on the side) and I expected a lighter touch to the food. We ate outside on a lovely evening. I am still searching for that spot where I can eat a nice meal while watching the sun set over the distant mountains.....
5	I've been to Blue Adobe twice now, once for lunch with coworkers and once this past weekend for dinner with my boyf. Both trips were delicious and all around awesome. I think this place totally deserves all five of my stars.The New Mexican twist on most of the dishes makes for a unique and fresh twist on standard Mexican food fare. Their salsa (it comes to your table in a cute lil glass pitcher!) is to die. It's smokey and chunky and the perfect way to start a meal.My first trip included a portobello enchilada with a side of their sauteed veggies. The enchilada was covered (but not drowning in) with an Amaretto mushroom cream sauce. It was absolutely delicious, and something new. The side of veggies I subbed in were a nice variety: carrots, asparagus, onion, zucchini, mushrooms, all nice and buttery and still crispy instead of veg-mush. Not the healthiest lunch, but definitely not a gut-bomb.For my recent dinner trip, I went with the garden enchiladas topped with their green chile sauce. The aforementioned sauteed veggies were folded into tortillas, and were delicious with a light topping of cheese (again, not completely smothered in goo, which I appreciate) and the citrus-y chile sauce. I tried some of their red sauce and it was beyond. Almost like a mole, with smokey, chocolatey undertones. I'll need to go "Christmas style" (food topped with both red and green chile) next time!Boyfriend got a glorious looking variety plato: A relleno stuffed with tenderloin (I noted that the relleno wasn't drenched in eggy/crazy friend batter. Good!), smoked pork tamale and carne adovada. He said it was one of the most delicious mixed Mexican plates of life. It looked like it! All in all, I'm really glad this place is so close to home. We'll be back, lots!
3	Solid food, just overpriced for what ya get and service can really be hit-or-miss.
5	Delicious everything from start to finish. A bit noisy due to music at the bar but very festive. Fun place with great food and ample portions.
5	Amazing food and service.
4	Good carne Adovada! Good margs! I stop by again!
4	Short Version:      Food - Excellent     Service - Decent but not stellar     Ambiance - RelaxingAll in all, this place should receive a 5 star review but there is always something that doesn't go quite right on each visit so it falls from the lofty 5 to a 4.Longer Version:Every year we come to phoenix for 2 - 3 weeks.  Blue Adobe is always a must for at least one night of dining.  The Blue Adobe night starts with an afternoon baseball game followed by a walk in the McDowell Sonoran Preserve.  A short drive latter puts us in the restaurant at twilight.  Because of the time we have never had a wait.  Coincidently enough on our four visits we have always been seated at the same table.  The restaurant is dim but not gloomy.  The ceiling is high and painted black for the faux outside ant night feeling.  The tables are not crowded on top of one another. The floor layout is clean and there are dividing walls to keep the place from being just one big room filled with table.  It is well decorated with charming simplicity.  The overall effect makes this a relaxing and comfortable place to eat.The host staff warmly greeted us adequately took us to our table.  Upon leaving they said goodbye (and not in that fake hostess that really means get the heck out of here).  The servers have all been fast, efficient and friendly.  The wait staff has always worked well as a team.  Meaning that if our waiter was doing something else, another waiter might help bus a plate as she past.  The wait staff seemed knowledgeable (to a degree) on the menu and was willing to help us with our decisions.  While each sever did a better than adequate job it always lacked something from a stellar or amazing experience.  None of them were amazingly friendly or attentive - just more than enough to get the job done.  Plus there were always two or three things that each server did that was not quite right.  Like on the last trip, my quesadilla did not come with enough dipping sauce so I asked for some more sauce.  The server said no problem but he had neglected to mention that there was a $1.00 charge for extra sauce.  Now the one buck was not an issue it is just that he should have given me the information and an option to make a decision.  Add to this: reaching across me to get another dinner's plate instead of walking around the table and not waiting for us to respond to his question "how is everything?" before leaving.  These are small issues but take the service from high (5) to just over average (4).Now for the reason to dine out: The Food!For four years I have used the Blue Adobe as my benchmark for judging Mexican restaurants in Phoenix.  I have only come across one that I find is truly serves better food (Los Sombreros Mexican).  The lobster dip appetizer is creamy and flavortastic!  The shrimp quesadilla with mango salsa makes my mouth water months after having eaten it.  The two make a great way to start off a meal when shared with the whole table or combined for a single meal for one.  Over the years we have tried various menu items and have found all to be tasty.  Items of note are: Big D liked the staked enchiladas. He described it as a unique and fun way to eat excellent food.  He loved the Taos combo (but traded the shrimp enchilada to J for some of her Chimichanga.  J calls the chimi one of the three best she has ever had.  She also shrimp cocktail rellenos and complains that she has to choose between the two entrees.  While M may tri other items on the second visit each trip - the first one she gets the Raspberry Tenderloin.  She finds the unique combination of raspberry, mango and pork to be awe-inspiring.  I stick with the apps as a meal.  We have even tried the Oscar Medallions as an appetizer - wonderful choice.  Delicious meat with the taste of crab is a unique thing to savor.  Add some sweetness through the mango salsa and you are one step closer to heaven. On the down side food wise:  While the lobster macaroni is almost to die for, they charge $25 for a portion that is too small to be called a meal for even a child.  We all agree that the crab cakes are passible but nothing to rave at and have a weird after taste.  The seafood enchiladas, the lazy tacos, and the Las Cruces kabobs all come with salmon and shrimp but feature the salmon with shrimp as almost an afterthought.  Since we are not big fans of salmon this was not great for us and they did not seem willing to cook it with just halibut and shrimp.  Overall, the food is outstanding.  For most items the price is reasonable, portions are good and the sides fitting.  Because of some less than great experiments - the combined feeling of the foods is a 5-.This place should receive a 5, but the service just pulls it to the 4.5 and I can't round this one up.
3	5 stars for the chicken, green chili, and also the corn chowder, which was amazing. But the rest of the food was nothing special. My chimichanga was really greasy. And it's the first time I have ever NOT eaten all the Guac at a restaurant. Okay, waitress just came and we weren't charged for the chimi. That was nice of them. But since we would never go back, the place gets 3 stars from me.
5	Blue Adobe Grille in Mesa is great as original site, HOWEVER, the Blue Adobe Grille in Scottsdale, is the BEST! Amazing recipes, some of my favorites are:  Blue Seafood Enchiladas, Lobster Dip Trio, Portabello Pizza, Tenderloin Spooning Rellenos, High Desert Pasta, Ancho Chile Rubbed Salmon, and Oscar Medallions steak topped with Blue Crab meat & side of Chipotle Pasta...... YYYUUUUUMMMM!!!!! Best Mexican Food I've ever had my entire life, probably because it's true authentic Santa Fe cuisine. I loved this place so much that I used to work nights here for my 2nd job for about 3 years...I always loved the food & I always will!!!  http://www.blueadobegrille.com/menu
4	Simply excellent food.  They had live entertainment today and the group was good but it made the inside area a little too loud for conversation.
4	First off I will say I am a New Mexican and have lived in NM most of my life so I came into this place thinking I was going to be disappointed. Well... I was wrong. Blue Adobe knows how to make some killer New Mexican dishes. I had there Carne Adovada enchiladas which were excellent. The Carne Adovada was tender and cooked to perfection. Chips and salsa were also really good although there chile and salsa could of been hotter it was still good. The only thing I was disappointed with were there margaritas. There silver coin margarita was weak and not worth the 10 bucks.
4	I hate to give a place 5 stars on the first visit - especially since we sat outside and I didn't see ANY of the interior.Went to lunch on Sunday with a girlfriend and LOVED my Southwest Pasta. The waiter was super nice and kinda funny. I asked if he had Dox XX's Lager on draft and he said that it was only in a bottle but he'd be happy to pour it into a frosted glass and we could pretend it was a draft - then at each table visit he asked me how my draft beer was (bonus points, IMHO).My girlfriend had something with Salmon in it (Salmon Tacos? - sorry , shame on e for not writing my review on the day of our visit). She said hers was very good to.Bummer for her, she used to live nearby and only stopped by after work for Happy Hour and nachos. She no longer lives nearby and was kind of bumming when she realized how good it was.Lots of great entrees on the menu. Can't wait to take my husband back and give it another try - although it will have to wait until after he's off his carb-free diet.(I noticed the review asked me about music, there was none outside and since it was football Sunday I'm going to assume none inside.... no idea if there's music any other time. Hope not, I'm not a fan. Can't have a conversation with your friends when there's music)
4	Traditional margaritas are very good. Food is fresh and flavorful.  Staff is very good. Family atmosphere is welcoming. Had a great meal there.
5	Having appetizers and drinks with Monica and Jeff Cohen. Wonderful Possole and the Hatch Catch is to die for. Fun evening!
1	I had a really scathing review of this place and the owner emailed me and asked me to take it down, so I am.  But I have to say, I think the food here is dull and tasteless.  I would never go back.  One of my critical remarks about the food in this valley is that many places are dumbed down without heat or flavor.  So maybe this place is just fine for those people who prefer that type of food.
5	This is the first review I have ever given on any restaurant.  This is the best and most consistently good quality food I have ever had living here from Boston for 23 years.  Yes...we frequent many different restaurants. This reminds me of the Cheers bar in Boston where you walk in and it is as friendly as can be. Although we have not had everything on the menu,  but getting close, neither my wife nor myself has every had anything that was not outstanding.  Love the salsa, the lobster dip and the guacamole.  If you like spice...they've got it...if you don't they've got that too. Enchiladas and chimichanga to die for.  All meat and perfectly spiced. Chili Rellenos...the best.  Plus we have all the different steaks and they are melt in your mouth.  Plus I think it might be impossible to finish any entre as the portions are so generous.  For lunch today we will have one of the chimichangas because we had to split one last night for dinner...that we took home. Every week we have clients who fly in from all over the country and outside.  I think over the past 3 years we have sent upwards of 150 people to Blue Adobe.  Some who have gone there for lunch end up back there for dinner.  All I have gotten in follow up emails from clients is - we loved Blue Adobe. Last night while we had a drink and guacamole, while waiting for out food, I looked over at the guys plate who was sitting next to me and asked what it was. He said - Last Night's Meat Loaf.  He said he has it all the time and will have to take it home for breakfast tomorrow.  It is next on  my list. My wife and I are not easy to please but when we find a quality restaurant we stick with it. The owner Mike is friendly and the bartender Rob is one of the best we have ever had. Watch how fast this guy moves.  And as a neighborhood bar and restaurant you get to see the same faces over and over.  What does that tell you?I was surprised that one of the reviews had 1 star.  I don't know what planet this person is from but disregard what was said.  Did they want Italian?  This is Blue Adobe Santa Fe Grille.  I will challenge you to find better food anywhere. Come join us. You will love it.
5	Great place to eat!  The food is fantastic and the service is excellent.The stacked enchiladas are great and the margaritas are excellent too. The staff is always friendly.
5	Ordered take out tonight and it changed my life! Haha blue adobe is AMAZING!! Absolutely loved my chicken enchilada! My boyfriend ordered a hamburger and said it was in the top five he's ever had in his life!
4	Went back, this time for dinner with my husband and pescatarian sister. Great selection of items, we all found something we wanted easily.Good service. Great food. Friendly people.I love having such a great place so close to home!!
4	This is a great establishment to have in the neighborhood. The owner and employees have always been exceptionally friendly when I've been here. I haven't made my way through much of the menu because the nachos  ("Navidachos" because they have red and green Hatch chili sauce) are some of the best I've ever had. I'm usually not impressed by nachos...typically the first few chips are nice, but that's about it. Blue Adobe's nachos have excellent shredded beef in generous portions. A table of 4 could easily share the Navidachos, each have a bowl of soup and call it a meal.I'm a big fan of the enchiladas here too. Seriously, though, I could put their Hatch chili sauce on anything and be a big fan of it.
5	This place is a real gem! Amazing food and excellent margaritas topped with a great setting. If you haven't tried this place yet you are missing out. Oh and did I mention they have live music too. Do yourself a favor and check this place out! I got the pecan wood grilled steak and it was cooked to perfection. My hubby got the shredded beef lazy tacos which were super tasty.  The wait staff is very nice and attentive. I've been searching for a go to southwestern food place and now I don't need to look any further. This. Is. IT!
1	Very disappointed in this restaurant. I took a friend here today for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. It was around 1:45. I was looking forward to a salad and she some mexican food. When we walked in there was a wait in the dining room. So we sat in the bar area. It wasn't busy but I could tell they were under staffed. (Should have been better prepared, after all the TPC tournament's only been here in Scottsdale for 30 years!)So we sat. And we sat and we sat. I noticed that the couple across from us  hadn't been waited on but a couple that came in after us had chips and salsa and water on their table. The owner acknowledged the couple next to us and said "i'll be right with you folks" He then came over took their drink order, took their food order at the same time, grabbed their menu's and never said a word to us! The other servers walked past us as if we were invisible. For the owner to be so blatantly rude is inexcusable! He should have handed us the menu's from the table he just took the order from, apologized to us for the wait and at the very least gotten us our drinks! We got up and left and went to THE OFFICE BAR on 116th street . It was busy, we were waited on immediately, when it continued to get more busy the bartender came from behind the bar and helped out, took orders delivered food and drinks. Maybe Michael should take a lesson from The Office on customer service !  I quit going to the Blue adobe  about 5 years ago because of his rudeness, I recently started going back in when I had family in town. The food and service was good. But I've decided not to patronize this place ever again, there are too many nice restaurants in the area where you are welcomed and treated with respect.
5	One of the best kept secrets of restaurants in Scottsdale I think. (everyone loves old town too much) but here....live bands play regularly, food is terrific ( I don't drink so I don't know about that) but the beef chimichangas are TO DIE FOR!!! No joke. Warning: They are HUGE so probably should split it with a friend. Or better yet let your friend get their own and you will both have delicious left overs for the next day! Also, I love there chips and salsa.
4	Unique take on New Mexican, especially their lasagna-like stacked enchiladas. Good atmosphere, and friendly service. The owner is a good Nebraska guy, and very personable with the patrons.
5	Great drink, food, and service.Have been here numerous times and all have been a pleasure. The bartenders are always on top of their game!I met up with a friend here a few weeks ago, and we were pleasantly suprised to walk in to some great live music.We ate a chronic dinner, and followed our meals with their ridiculously good "Chocolate Chip Pie".  Blue Adobe has something for everyone. Their tequila selection is the best in the neighborhood, and the barkeeps can whip up a proper margarita!The pulled pork adobo sandwich is money!!Always a pleasure coming here.
5	What a welcome to Scottsdale! Great food, great service and a place that made us relax and enjoy our family time.  Michael made sure everything was served up the way we wanted and the nachos...I couldn't believe their size!!!
4	We live super close to this restaurant but rarely dine here. Prices are a little high and when you have kids, it get expensive. Don't get me wrong, the food is delicious and I suggest you trying it if you're visiting the area. With the amount of Mexican restaurants, Id rather visit somewhere else where the prices are affordable.
5	Several years ago this place was not quite as good. It is close to where I live so I have been going back. Each time recently it has been better and better and deserves five stars. Great service, live music on Saturdays, and really good margaritas which is vitally important.
5	Everything was simple excellent.  The food, the ambiance (we ate outside) and the service.  One of the best southwest flavor meals I have had in the Valley.  I had the seafood enchilada.  Two for one margarita's on Monday!
5	Excellent Sunday lunchGreat food, even better service Salmon BLT ... better than a salad !!!
5	Excellent food! It is not your old time family run Mexican restaurant. It is modern and has an upscale feel with with home-cooked flavors that actually works. Not the cheapest place in town, but the portions are plenty and the quality makes it worth the cash.
5	Recommended by a local we had to check this place out.Words can not even begin to describe how truly amazingly delicious the food is. The flavors are truly original, unlike anything I have ever tasted. We dinned on the following:Chorizo Stuffed ChickenCruz Kitchen  I'm so impressed with this place I wold plan a vacation around dining here!
5	I love the food and service at this restaurant. Very different food than a traditional Mexican restaurant. More New Mexican flare. The chips and salsa are great and it is easy to fill up on them but don't as the main courses are fabulous. I always have the Land of Enchantment which is a play on surf and turf. A steak, shrimp and an enchilada. A great price for the quality of the food.
5	Doing a happy dance now. Just got back from a great meal at Blue Adobe Grille. Took my 90 year old parents for an early dinner, and the owner came over to our table to see how we liked the food. The food rocked - big, hot, and delicious. Parents had the Friday night fish and chips. Service was perfect, atmosphere peaceful in the early evening. I'll be returning later with friends for margaritas, music, and more food.
4	Love this place! Awesome mexican food, cozy atmosphere, and live music! I recommend the lazy tacos with shrimp!
4	Blue adobe has quite an eclectic but tasty menu. My wife and I love the lobster appetizer... It is exceptional. It's just a nice neighborhood restaurant with a really unique menu. We have never had an issue with service. What more can you ask for?
5	Awesome restaurant!! Today was my first time to visit this wonderful New Mexican joint tucked away in NE Scottsdale. The service was amazing and the staff was very friendly. The Adovada and Salsa is the best I've had in AZ so far. The place had nice ambiance with a wonderful sweet mesquite aroma. The restaurant was clean and I would love to go back during happy hour and dinner.
4	**Original review from 6/2/2011. Updating new profile.**I went to visit a friend up in N Scottsdale and we decided to try this place with our families. I had no expectations going in. I was just hungry.We were seated almost immediately. There were 7 of us, so prepping a table was in order. Immediately we were introduced to our waiter and drink orders taken. They served the complimentary chips and salsa. I could have satisfied my hunger with that. The chips (and those who know me well, know I am not a chip person, nor a salt person.) were not salty, not oily, and the salsa was so delicious!! It had a great roasted flavor and just enough heat to satisfy me, but not spoil my taste for my dinner. Yum....I ordered the seafood enchiladas. My friend ordered the chorizo stuffed chicken. Once my friend to her first bite, she was hooked. I actually heard a groan of satisfaction escape her. That says a lot considering she ran her own restaurant and is pickier than I am with my food. My seafood enchiladas were delicious! The seafood wasn't rubbery and overcooked. The salmon inside was tender and perfectly cooked. They didn't tell me what the catch of the day was though. I didn't care. It was GOOD. The side dishes were good too. I was happy to hear that the pinto beans were cooked with a chicken stock and not pork products. Whew!Since this was my first trip, I am hoping that they are consistent. I want to go back.
5	This place has the best chips and salsa in town period!  They have a great steak and mushroom enchilada combination that is to die for.  They also have the best chicken quesadilla in town which happens to be the cheapest thing on the menu.  Prices are very fair and service is great.
4	Tried this place after reading the yelp reviews. First of all, great service. The salsa was outstanding. We tried two different kinds of the salsa. There was the standard salsa and spicy. I had the tamales and they were the best I've ever had! Can't wait to try more. The bottled beer wasn't as cold as we like it. And the lights in the restaurant were a little bright.
3	We were in the mood for burgers, thought we'd give 'em a try here. After all, their menu says something about them being Top 10 burgers from Phoenician Magazine or something. Um. No. Average burger. To the point that I almost wished that I had let my husband talk me into Whataburger. The medium rare had no pink, and the patty itself was boring. Their French Fries were not good either. I had 2. My husband, who is a fries whore may have had 7.We're calorie watchers, and both felt thus was a total waste of calories. Do yourself a favor and stick to the southwestern style if food on the menu. That's always good and never disappointed us!
3	good but NOT amazing.My Dinner - ordered stacked enchiladas - not impressed with the quantity at all. Such a small serving with too much rice and beans for such a high priceMy Dessert - really good - chocolate chip cookieHis Dinner - chicken chimichanga - edible but not impressiveHis Dessert - crem brulee - very goodWe give it 3 stars because it was a good meal but not amazing...wouldn't go againStill looking for an amazing mexican spot that isn't a dive!
5	After a few bad meals in Scottsdale this week,  we tried this place and we're very happy. Loved our waiter, JR,  he was very fun and personable and had great recommdations when I couldn't decide.   We are very particular about our margaritas,  we both got the. Cruz Caddy on the rocks with salt and it was good.   The salsa is fabulous,  even my 8 year old choked it down.   I was feeling seafood.... Our waiter,  JR, said the Blue seafood enchiladas were one of his favorites,  they did not disappoint.  Anyone can slap enchiladas together,  including my own,  which are rather bland and boring,  but these had tons of amazing flavor in them and I ate the entire plate even though I was stuffed.   My daughter had the kids beef taco,  I was worried since she is used to steak tacos and doesn't eat much.   She ate the whole thing!!!!!!   The husband ordered,  the Cruz Kitchen Signature plate.  Also a recommendation out of his two choices by the waiter,  JR.  The meat was super tender and delicious.   I was a little leary of the live music when we got there,  but we actually enjoyed it.   Out waiter was very attentative,  which was a nice change from a week of dining out.
5	Oh my goodness the food here is fantastic...I had the raspberry pork tenderloin it was to die for if this place was closer to my home I would become a regular great prices, fantastic food,wonderful atmosphere,this place has it all...make some time when you are in Scottsdale you won't regret it.
5	My husband and I came here for lunch and had a very nice experience. The chips and salsa were delicious.  I ordered the blackened shrimp lettuce wrap and it was a nice light but filling flavorful lunch.  My husband got the enchiladas and also really enjoyed them.Our waiter, JR had a very fun personality and provided great service!Nice atmosphere and reasonable prices.  We will be coming back!
5	The owner is amazing! He remembers everyone. We go every Tuesday for taco Tuesdays, it is a great value. The iced tea is amazing unsweetened tropical variety.
5	Great food and team!!! Would recommend to everyone! Thanks for an awesome lunch! The Mexican food was incredible and the smoked meats were awesome!
4	Delicious.  Loved the salsas as they were super fresh and you can request a spicier version.  Our dinners were just as delicious.
3	This is a lively place for north east Scottsdale - of course one defines lively a bit different in Scottsdale where the old north east folks come to retire.  The sad thing is those folks don't have a pallet for spicy food, which is what Mexican or Southwestern Mexican food is all about. They think onions are spicy. Nevertheless, this place had flavorful food but it really does need the spice and bite to it to really give them a four star rating. I had tacos.  They were good, but not to die for. The beans were good as was the rice, but again not to die for. The bar tender was excellent, and on-the-ball-Johnny.  The restaurant felt a little jammed with tables, too jammed in fact. I felt like I was in NYC restaurant.  Perhaps that's where the owners come from, or Chicago. The place seemed clean and smelt fine.  The staff though was a bit asleep at the wheel as it took more than 5 minutes to get a menu and get attention. The bar tender finally made the move on me - not that kind of move!He turned it around!  He's friendly and likable. I would do this place only because Mexican food in the area is difficult to find.
5	First off, when we arrived we elected to sit in the bar area because the game was on.We waited a little bit for our server, but it wasn't too long before another server noticed us and came right over. Very attentive waitstaff took our drink orders and checked up on us frequently, but wasn't overly clingy. Very good.Food was excellent. We had the lobster dip, stacked enchiladas with a flavorful shredded beef, and I had "Spooning Rellenos." Everything was delicious and flavorful. The cloth napkins were a nice touch and the happy hour looked decent too.
4	Food is awesome. Service with Doug... Outstanding. Chips and salsa were plentiful and fresh. We'll be back.
5	Sooooo good!!! If you must be gluten free like myself this place has great options. Enchiladas tamales rice beans and a few others that are nearly impossible to find! Definitely try the enchiladas Christmas style and a beef tamale.
1	So I show up. I sit at the bar. 7 or 8 people are at the bar. I watch the bar tender and even the manager or possibly the Ownet behind the bar. I sit...and sit...and sit...sort of like last time when I sat for  10 minutes  never being recognized...I look at myself to make sure I'm not made of glass...except this time that good bar tender who rescued this place last time wasn't here to do the same...and I sit...8 minutes goes by and I'm not even acknowledged by the bar tender or manager...I leave. You lost my business forever...you need to perform at least the basics folks!!! Acknowledge a freaking customer!!! Immediately...you're failing at training your employees!!!
5	Really good, I like the vegetable enchiladas.  I've been here for a variety of occasions....work happy hour, adult dinner, dinner with kids, and it worked well for all of the above.  The servers have always been pleasant as well.
5	Excellent food and drinks!  We loved everything we had - guacamole, bean dip, blue seafood enchiladas, crab cake tacos, stacked steak enchilada with an egg, and beef chimichanga. Everything is amazing. We are stuffed.
5	YUM! Highly recommended - the stacked enchiladas were excellent and the salsa is to die for.
5	This was one of the best Mexican restaurants we've been to. All four people at our table raved about their dinners. Our server, Melissa, was extremely helpful with our questions about the menu: how spicy items are, whether items were totally gluten free or now, etc. I prefer dishes with a kick and the Las Cruces Kabobs hit the spot. Jalapeno Hollandaise over a very generous serving of fish kabobs, served with rice, beans and sauteed vegetables, done to perfection. Next time we are back in Scottsdale we will definitely return to Blue Adobe Grille.
3	It was decent. Overpriced we thought. Got the Garlic Shrimp Pizza, burgers and Chimichanga at the table. Server was good.
5	Jason was really cool.  He recommended amazing dishes.  The food was excellent.  The music was perfect.   All in all it is a 5 out of 5 (for the review).  On a scale from 1 to 10, Blue Adobe is a 10.  It's a real treat.  I highly recommend it.
4	Delicious food! We had the lobster dip and the garlic shrimp pizza. Both were really good. I would give 5 stars, except the service wasn't very good. Still, I'll gladly go back.
5	Delicious!! They recently updated their patio and we loved sitting outside. Food was amazing! This is our favorite Mexican restaurant now.
5	Every time we go the food is fantastic! Love sitting on the patio for a couple of drinks before/after dinner. Great food, good service & a good atmosphere - what more can you ask for?
3	Good, but not as good as expected. Nice to see a non conglomerate restaurant in the valley and the cocktails were very tasty but the meat in the Taos sampler and the stacked enchiladas was dry as a bone. Spice level was also lower than expected, had to ask for hot sauce. Back to Los Dos Molinas!
3	The food was very good. This is a definite would go back type of place but not one of my "take the out of town friends to" type of places. The best part each time I go is always the salsa. I'm not typically one for a super chunky salsa but the flavor is amazing. This is the type of place you can take a picky eater to and still get a slight culinary experience as well. The menu has a number of great options worth checking out.
