5	This gym studio deserves more than 5 stars for sure! This place is equipped with hard core trainers some of which hold the highest record of pro hits in one show in one year. It's owned by big names like, Whitney Jones and Felicia Romero just to name a couple. They know who has talent and they know who can train hard. Great job guys, I'm so happy to be a part of this team! For a great trainer recommendation, Crystal is where its at. No effin around with this tiger, she knows what you need and she's not very easy on you which is much appreciated if you want results. She is a fitness competitor and is on her way to getting her pro card. She's a hard worker, determined and has an endless passion for fitness.
5	Honestly the best personal training gym! Everyone there is so nice! They care about your wants and needs! And when they give you a meal plan they make it with the foods you like!! I train with Erik Young there and he is fantastic! Definitely knows how to kick some butt!!
5	Very happy with the results I've achieved from training here! A little pricey but expected and worth it!
5	Wow....where do I begin!? I've been training with Brittany S. since last November. If you haven't heard about Little b, listen up! I go AZ Pro Physiques 1-3x a week and spend 30 minutes training with Brittany and she knows exactly what she is doing with every client. I had a daughter about a year ago and although I was active before, the entire time I was pregnant, I didn't go to the gym one time. I know when I have my next child I will commit to being active and not using it as an excuse to be lazy and eat excessive amounts of chocolate cake :) I gained a ridiculous amount of weight and have worked hard to lose about half the baby weight with Brittany. She made me understand the impossibleIs possible. I remember crying looking in the mirror and also crying when I got back into the gym once I realized whatever stamina/strength I had before had dwindled. Although I still have a lot work to do, I have never been this strong or confident about my body. It's not perfect, but I love the skin I am in and any stress or anxiety I had about going from a 6 to a 16 is gone. I understand the important role that nutrition plays and don't feel bad being specific or "picky" about my food choices. I love knowing how to work out on my own and Brittany holds me accountable for my nutrition. I love all the positive comments about my body and would recommend Brittany to anyone looking to get in better shape, lose weight, or get nutrition advice. She's amazing. :)
