4	They have crepes, hence the name.  Good crepes, a wide variety of crepes, and they have cider.  We tried a variety of savory and sweet crepes and also tried the buckwheat crepes...all equally delicious.  The waitress was great, explaining everything to us.  We tried to go back during our most recent visit but they were closed for the holidays.  We stood with our noses pressed against the glass looking forlorn at not getting to taste our favorite crepes again. alas!
4	I thought the crepes were excellent!
4	Great Service, Great Breakfast and The juices are a must!
4	What a perfect ending to a nice night. My friend and I came here for dessert crepes, actually, we didn't plan on coming here, we happened to walk by and clearly we needed NEEDED to eat crepes, so that is what we did.It was fairly later in the night, like after 9pm and it was completely empty, but also a weekday. The service was a little slower, but it was nice to be able to just enjoy the night with good company.The crepes were delicious. I had one stuffed with dates, nutella and I believe walnuts, the thing was huge and delicious and about $8. My friend ordered a chocolate, ginger orange crepe which I was pleasantly surprised that they used REAL orange yum!
3	I don't consider myself a crepe connoisseur, but I enjoyed the savory crepe I had here. My husband and I decided to split one, and for a small fee they basically gave us two plates(with a crepe on each one and small salad), which didn't even seem like were splitting one! Our waitress was great. The only disappointment is that they don't have any vegetarian friendly soups! They had a carrot soup that I wanted to try, but it had chicken stock. =(
3	The choice of sweet and salty crepes is really good. There is some French influence in the way the the fillings for the crepes are combined and prepared. Of course what is more French then crepe aux marron, which was worth tasting. Not impressed with my cappuccino, I guess I should have chosen the cider instead.....
5	Mother of all creperies. Service is good too. Very fresh ingredients. Lots of choices. This place is crepe heaven
5	I visited my first day in Montreal, and wasn't disappointed at all! Really big portion of crepe, with top quality ingredients. The restaurant itself is lovely as well, and perfect for friends, family, or even just myself! They also play some jazz radio :)
4	Great spot for crepe of ur choice. Savory or sweet w diff types of batter. They have their house specialties as well as the flex to have u create ur own. Plus they have ample seating & plenty of teas to choose from. It's a cute spot right by the metro.
1	A good French restaurant that has good crepes.However I experienced very bad service with the cook being very rude, if I really wanted the crepe, if I'm not going to change my decision. Another waitress had the same behavior. My recommendation : don't go ! Yes you will taste french cuisine but you will also get a very arrogant french service. There are other places worth of your money elsewhere in the city.
5	Our regular spot for Crepes in Montreal every time we visit. Pesto and nutella based ones are amazing!!!
2	I liked the casual but nice decor, and the food was excellent. Unfortunately, the service was terrible. There were only 3 tables, including ourselves. Instead of taking our order in a timely manner, the waitress chose to hang out behind the counter. After emptying the entire dishwasher and then chatting for a bit, she served food to another table and eventually made her way over to us. The food was prepared quickly and well, nothing but praise on that front :)
1	"Bacon" = pile of mushy strands of pork on a wet-greasy plate. Completely inedible.I asked for eggs over hard. Our waitress spoke clear english so I can't blame a language barrier for the mistake... What I got was sunny side up. I sent them back with even clearer instructions to cook through... and got the exact same thing.Then to top off the experience my eggs were plated with stale toast, an old bruised strawberry, and a slice of pineapple with a hair on it.Never going back.
