1	My family and I stopped at this location during a road trip.  We used a credit card at the outside pump, filled our tank, and left.  When we arrived home days later and reviewed our receipts, we realized they had charged our credit card $40.00 although we only filled $36.75 of gas.  The receipt said, "Total: $36.75, Prepaid $40.00, Change due $3.25, See cashier for refund."  They expected us to go inside the store to get the $3.25 in change by just writing it on the little printed receipt.  What a scam!!!!  Who knows how many get ripped off this way.  Beware!
3	With a name like Terrible's I often wonder why there AREN'T more terrible reviews, but I certainly didn't have a problem filling up my Rental Car.  Granted, the prices were high, but considering that the Rental Car Return is less than a mile away.I'll have to wait and observe my credit card statement to verify that they don't overcharge me, but immediately after my visit, I had no complaints.
3	What about writing a review about a gas station? Probably not the most useful review that I can do, but well, I went to this station on my last day of vacation, I guess that writing a review about it makes me feel kinda nostalgic!Anyway, this gas station is located less than one mile from the Airport, so I guess that prices are probably higher but it's nothing compared to what the rental car company would charge if the car is not returned with a full tank! So that was ok. Also the staff was friendly.Oh, and after reading previous reviews I double checked my credit card statement to see if they overcharged me. They didn't. And then I remembered that I paid cash...
4	If you are drving outside the Las Vegas Strip, heading toward the airport, you'll see this Cheveron located on the right side, just after passing the "Welcome to Las Vegas" sign.Its not the most expensive nor the cheapest, but there's plenty of bays to fillup at, squeegies, and a convenience store to get a drink or snacks before hitting the road.If you shop at Vons, they accept the rewards points.  I didn't see a difference in price if you use cash or credit, and its about 40cents less than filling up in SoCal.Watch out for pump 6.  Looks like the card reader isn't working.
