1	My husband and I went there for dinner tonight.  It was formerly Bice Bistro.  They have the same management but with new name, decor, and menu.  The food was horrible.  We ordered a Caesar Salad and Choose your own pasta-- Penne with Mushroom Sauce w/ added Chicken.  The Caesar Salad was over dressed with dressing.  The mushroom sauce was tasteless.  We asked the waiter if the sauce is sort of creamy and he said yes.  But when the sauce came it was basically mushroom and olive oil.  The added chicken was totally bland.  Not taste and texture to it at all.  However they do have a $2 dollar Sam Adams beer promotion.  When my husband ordered they went out of the beer but the waiter decided to open the Sam Adams lite beer to my husband without asking.  My husband and I definitely not planning to go back.  I heard they opened this month, too bad they didn't improve the restaurant from the previous at all.
1	So after Bice bombed at westgate, I heard there was an attempt to dumb down the place and call it tuscan oven. Being Italian   And knowing real Italian food, this place is an insult to all who care about Italian culture and food.To say the food was horrible would do it justice. Frozen pizza dough, and fake cheese that didn't even melt on the pizza. Guido frys???? Come on , can you insult Italians any more???? And then some chicken dish with, get this, maple syrup and corn flakes on top. I guarantee no Italian restaurant serves this. So all in all, nice attempt to rip off Italian culture with quotations in Italian hanging on the walls, but can't fool people with this food!!!! Good luck
4	Before heading to the bar for a friend's birthday, we were looking for somewhere to eat at Westgate.  We were checking out menus and were corralled into this place with the promise of free chicken wings (sold!)Not chicken wings specifically, but a free appetizer (we stuck with the wings).  Inside I understood why there were doing what they could do to pull people in off the street, the place was pretty empty.  We ended up ordering 2 pizzas to share among 3 of us.  They were your standard thin crust "personal size" pizzas (though 2 did plenty to fill the 3 of us...... the giant chicken wings may have added to it).  Nothing too out of this world good, but good enough for $10 a piece.The service was great (again, could have just been because it was a slow night), our waiter checked on us regularly and went there extra mile for the birthday girl. So what turned into finding a way to kill time turned into a good meal and great experience.
1	Don't waste your time here, this restaurant needs lots of work.Our first encounter was with the hostess and it was awkward and confusing. She tried to give us a free appetizer but then the waiter took it away! Weird right?!When we sat down, it was an awkward seating arrangement. The tables were in strange locations and the serving station was in the center of the room. Basically it just seemed like an odd set-up. Also the menu reminded me of kindergarden: a folded out piece of paper.Items were a bit pricey but we were excited to get some awesome pasta. Instead we got this non-cohesive dinner that just didn't taste right. It was a huge bust and a great disappointment.I would recommend trying other places in Westgate because this is definitely NOT a winner.
2	we went to try out the new place. We got a chicken tender basket for the kids and decided to split a pizza. All the food was bland and I've had better pizza at little caesars. It's as expensive as Grimaldi's but no where near the quality. I gave it 2 stars because the service was well above average.
4	Originally I reviewed Tuscan Oven after a visit a few months ago. Bad experience. The waiting staff was awful, the menu wasn't cohesive, and the food was poor. I recommended that you pass this place up for the other options at Westgate.I would like to say that, despite my review, I gave the restaurant another chance last night. I was on a time crunch and was looking to enjoy a quick pizza. Enjoyment is what I got! This place made HUGE changes for the better!We were greeted and seated quickly, with a smile. The menu went from a fold out piece of paper to a simple and clean menu. They removed the "southern" style vibe from the menu and replaced it with classic, original, and more unique and authentic pasta options. Overall, great improvements to the menu but they could use a few more options for pizza.And the food! It was great! The pizza was cooked perfectly, delivered quickly, and was fabulous!I would now recommend this place. I'm glad they made the improvements they needed and hope they continue the trend!
1	I got lured there by an email promising a free pizza of my choice. Wow! So when I show them the email they said it was a mistake, its a free pizza with nothing on it and then you can pay $2 for each topping you want on it. I got pepperoni. The pizza was not good....too much exposed crust, sauce was sparse, 5 pepperonis on the pizza, crust was kind of soft and I have never had a pizza like that and hope to never have one again. I will never go back and do not recommend this place. The menu was wierd, I have never heard of some of the stuff they offered.
3	Visited during the BCS championship game.The service we had was excellent, even during the game.  Our server, Jimmy, was very friendly and attentive, even during this madhouse. BTW, we did visit Midland, TX on our way back for some BBQ, nice town.We had some wings and they were very big and spicy.  The chicken fingers for the kids were average.  The beer selection was average, I wish these bars would include local microbrew selections!
2	Don's Waste Your Money!!Before going to the Pro Bull Riders event at Jobing.com we stopped here to eat dinner.  They had an "Event Menu" which seemed different than the menu I saw on their website and more expensive.  The food was awful, barely warm and poorly presented.  How they can charge what they do is beyond me.  The service was fair.  There has to be better choices for dinner at Westgate.
2	As my husband so eloquently put it, "This place is tremendously average" Granted, this should've gotten them 3 stars, but the service was AWFUL!!! It was during march madness, and not one of their TVs had a single game on....seriously?? So I asked - can you turn on a game, 35 minutes later, and after asking 3 seperate people, someone finally tried to change the channel. But guess what?? Apparently none of them no how to work a remote. So we never got to watch the game (which went into OT btw, would've been a GREAT game)The food wasn't bad, per say, but it was nothing to EVER go back for. I had pasta - sauce was way to tomatoey, they definetely need to learn to cook italian food if they're going to be an italian restuarant. My husband had the chicken - again not awful, but we won't be returning. If you're going for drinks - probably fine place to go, just don't order any food.
2	If you want to over-pay for a mediocre meal and spend most of your visit wishing you were somewhere else, I highly suggest Tuscan Oven.We should have known right from the start that we were in for a less than stellar experience  - Tuscan Oven was the only spot in Westgate that did not have a 45 minute wait.  Since we had fantastic tickets for the Coyotes/Sharks game and didn't want to miss any of the action (our seats were great!), we went with the restaurant option that could seat us immediately.  Ooops...We ordered a half carafe of the house Pinot Noir - while it arrived quickly, it came complete with two straight out of the dishwasher hot glasses that tasted like soap and really did not do much to enhance the flavor of the wine.  Yum...Our waitress apologetically replaced the soapy wine (she is the only reason to add a star to this review - she was trying her best).  We then ordered baked ziti and a wedge salad to share - and proceeded to wait an incredibly long time for two seemingly simple dishes.  While the ziti was OK (how can you mess up pasta with cheese & sauce?) the wedge salad had the skimpiest portion of bland disappointing blue cheese dressing I have seen.  Now I know iceberg lettuce is not exactly flavorful, but due both to the wimpy dressing (flavorless even after adding more) and practically nonexistent garnish (bacon, blue cheese crumbles) this salad was like eating crunchy water.Blech.
1	Went to Tuscan Oven 4/2/11.  We had previously visited this restaurant when it was Bice Bistro.  Bice was very nice, good food, friendly staff & management but didn't make it. We arrived at 8:10PM and told the host we wanted to sit on the patio.  He told us that at 9PM, it turned into a nightclub so we were limited where we could sit.  Mind you, the nightclub wasn't happening for 50 minutes!  To sum up our experience, we had the worst server named John, lousy service and attitude, food was mediocre at best.  Their desserts are $9 which is absolutely ridiculous - we've been to many high end restaurants where dessert wasn't that much.  Very disappointing experience and we won't be back.  If you are looking for bad service and marginal food, this is the place for you.  The really funny part was at 9PM when we left, there wasn't one person for the big nightclub!!!!   There's a reason this place didn't have many customers when every other restaurant was packed!  We have a feeling they won't be open very long.
5	Went there on bike night, we had exceptional service and the food was excellent, we will go back!
5	Went to Tuscan Oven for mother's day with my mom, her husband, aunt and grandmother. We had a terrific time! The food was great, fresh, hot and delicious. The service was also fantastic. We started off with the stuffed gnocchi's, YUM. Then caesar salad and I had the homemade fettucine pasta with alfredo, chicken and broccoli. The pasta was cooked perfectly and everything was delicious! Mom had the meatloaf, grandma had the shrimp scampi and my aunt had the rockfish. Everyone loved their food. Tasted very fresh! We love eating outside of chain restaraunts and really enjoyed the service and food we had today. We even stayed awhile after and were never rushed out. We really enjoyed our entire experience and look forward to eating there again!
1	After winning a few tickets to a show at the arena we decided to grab a bite to eat near the Venue.  Took a look at the menu and it looked pretty reasonable so my dinner companion and I accepted the hostess' offer to dine.  Aside from what seems to be a very clumsy wait staff (there were no less than 4 spills and crashes of dishes hitting the floor during dinner) they were attentive and did a good job of taking care of us.  Too bad the food didn't live up to the service.  My friend's chicken was a little too pink for eating *I wish he had told me while we were there, that would have come off the bill for sure...* and while my dinner was adequately cooked it didn't really match the description.  OH, and yeah..... I also experienced what I would call "mild food poisoning".  Hello mouth watering not in a good way.  Tums anyone? Gatorade?  Not the what I want out of my "memorable" dining experiences.  M.
5	We came across this place late last night for my friends bachelorette and what a blast! There Dj was one of the best that we have heard. The staff was great and very good looking. The owner was there and bought us a round of drinks and shots. The only negative is the dance floor was too packed and it was hard to walk around inside. Def will be going back
3	Hubby and I went here on a whim for Saturday night dinner.  Unlike some of the other places at Westgate, there was not a customer in sight here.  (I am sure you know that is always intimidating.)  The wait staff was friendly and we really liked the decor.  The "cage lights" above the booths are cool looking and the booths seem private although they really aren't.I had a quartino of Riesling which was light and sweet - as I hoped for and it should be - and it was served chilled and timely.  Husband had a Sam Adams seasonal that was too light for his liking, but that is a review for Sam Adams not T.O.We both ordered a pizza.  He had the one with salami, mushrooms, etc. and I had the Margarita.  I loved mine, his was lackluster to him.  For dessert with ordered the berry-something-or-other which was sweet and yummy.We had an enjoyable time but I think the only way we'd go there again would be if we had an event at Westgate.By the time we left I am pleased to report there were 4 or 5 other couples there though!
5	Great food, great people. The staff is very friendly. The networking event was awesome. Guest were networking and passing out their business cards. Located in Westgate, it is a great location surrounded by stores a water fountain and more. The store manager Cody is the best..........
1	This placed closed down.
2	I bought a groupon a few months back for this place. Our first visit I had a chicken maranara sandwich and my wife got the spaghetti with chicken. Mine was mediocre and hers was horrible, soggy and disgusting so she was given a complimentary salad. Didn't use the groupon because the check was like ten bucks. Tried it again today to unload this groupon, wife had the salad and I had a pizza. Pizza was really salty and one of the worst I've had in this city, wifes salad was okay after she asked for dressing. The service was good both times, which was the only reason I gave 2 stars. I will never eat here again, its not even worth having a drink at the bar. Too bad the food is horrible, everything else is fine. You have other choices, try margaritavile.
1	Went to check the restaurant out (had a Groupon), location appears to be closed - no sign in window and not cleaned out but not a soul in sight at 5pm on a Tuesday.
3	The lasagna was ok, the meat was good but it was a light on the tomato sauce. My husband had the chicken parm hero which was good. Our server recommended the Alfredo which I wish I would have gotten.
