3	Everyone has their special spot for this type of dish.  But work with me here:  Let's say you find yourself walking around a city labeled as the "second largest in Canada" and after around an hour you have passed about 20 closed (!) restaurants on a Saturday afternoon, and it's really cold out, your hunger will always outweigh your standard rational thinking.Pho2000 is one of those places.  It was open! (+1), there were people eating in it (+1), the portions looked good (+1), the prices seemed reasonable.  So the restaurant itself is pretty dingy, and the staff is your classic Asian mom+pop who are a little grumpy, but i like that.  we tried the Imperial rolls, and i had the Spicy Thai Beef Pho.  The food didn't come out in 30 seconds, so they must have been prepping something, and when it did come out, it was super tasty, full of nice veggies and slices of beef which cooked some more in the broth, and was especially fiery with some added hot sauce.Check it out once, at least.
4	The pho is really good here. The broth has those layers of richness and subtle flavors that make a great soup base. I have been several times and have tried all the various varieties. The satay beef (spicy) is my favorite. Imperial rolls were so-so. I haven't tried any of the other dishes, and really, why bother?For the life of me, I don't know why they couldn't put a tiny bit more effort into cleaning and updating the interior. But, it doesn't bother me that the place feels like you are actually IN Vietnam. I think that is charming. Prices aren't bad. An extra large pho is about $10, and you will be stuffed if you can manage to finish all the broth. Montreal is cold in the winter time, and this pho hits the spot, leaving you warm and satiated for the rest of the day.
4	Oh god, no more poutine.  I feel so heavy, but I'm really hungry.  Why is everything closed on Sunday?  WHY why?  It's s... s... so cold, can't feel my feet.  Oh!? It's open!  One large bowl with everything on it please.  (eating pause)  Let's go to the top of Mount Royal guys!A bowl of pho can really lift your mood, even after pounding your body into submission with beer and poutine for three straight days.  It is right on par with almost every other pho restaurant I've been to.  This one just happened to be open on Sunday and in the direction we were walking.  For that, I am a fan.
4	My friend and I were walking on St. Catherine Street looking for a place to stop by for a bite before we head out to the club and we saw this place. The food pictured looked awesome and it was getting late, so we decided to just give it a try. OMG. I was sooo happy we came here! Their was a picture on the menu of a heaping plate of vermicelli, a huge portion of beef, a long piece of fried goodness (aka an imperial roll) and a skewer of grilled shrimp! And it also came with soup, salad, and tea (or soda) for only CAD$12!!! I knew I wouldn't be able to eat it all, but it just looked so good! The fatty in me totally took over and I ordered it. I can't even tell you how amazing it was. After one bite I went straight to fatty heaven. Everything was delicious and I would totally come back if I had more time to spend in Montreal!
5	One of the best spring rolls in Montreal!This my go to place when I am craving two things: spring rolls (not the fried type) and soup. Every time I go I order the #2 Spring rolls with shrimp and the #5 spicy Thai soup. You get two freshly made spring rolls, along with an amazing peanut sauce. I usually add some spicy sauce to it and it makes for a perfect kick. I've been to many places around Montreal and I haven't found a place that makes better spring rolls.For the soup again lots of fresh vegetables, noodles and a very tasty broth. I've had many different soups here, and they are all good. Unfortunately I have not tried much of the other food, mostly because the soup and springs rolls are that good.If you are in the area and you are hungry, this is definitely the place. Don't worry about the looks of the place, you will get food that will make you want to come back again, and again!
4	It's Pho-tastic and a good $9 deal on a freeezing cold day!
1	Had dinner here. There was a dead winged insect on the imperial roll. I eventually caught the attention of the server. She said "want [a] change"? New dish of food arrived from the kitchen. Food was all right. My partner ordered beef-- he says it was over-cookea. Poor customer service on their part-- most times a reataurant would at least give the meal for free. Was charged full price on our bill. Bug in food + bad customer service = not going back.
1	I know my Vietnamese food. So many other good restaurants, save your stomach for a better restaurant.The front staff included a middle aged woman (looks like the mother) and a younger pretty girl (probably the daughter). The woman was not rude, but in no way friendly when she took our order. The girl was soft spoken and nice and had a friendly face. We ordered and waited for while. Finally our entrees came out, all 5 except 1. After 5 minutes, we reminded them, and they said it takes a bit longer for his meal, so another 5 minutes. OK, so we waited.. While waiting, here's my take on the other aspect of the restaurant: Ambiance: Neon signs, fake flowers, old dirty chairs and tables - basically, a typical run down Vietnamese restaurant. There were many tables here, and the restaurant can hold a lot of customers. When we came in for dinner, there were about 5 or 6 other groups in there.Cleanliness: dirty and smellyStaff: owner was not so friendly, the younger girl is nicePrice: seems lower cost than other places, but i'd rather pay $2 more for a better meal.ALL of our entrees finally showed up. Thinking of the food we had makes me kind of mad right now.. but here is our food:Com ga gung xa: this was good. chicken was soft. this was the only decent plate from our group.Pho tai: lots of liquid and not much to actually eat. the broth itself was not good either. it's just weird, not the normal pho taste. My dad always orders Pho Tai everywhere he goes, and he couldn't even eat this. Pho ThaiLand style: this sucks. Basically the broth taste of bo kho. it has carrots and tomatoes, a bunch of vegies that you normally don't find in pho, and then they add a little spice in it, and call it pho ThaiLan. Bun Thit (heo) Nuong Cha Gio: Normal. Nothing special. Nothing good. Didn't finish my meal. they didn't' have peanuts, the shred lettuce they put in there was minimal. I don't remember having bean sprouts in it, which it should. There were no mints.Bun Thit Bo Cha Gio: This was the entree that they had pictured on the table. 2 people saw this picture and ordered it. This was better than their disgusting soup dishes, but the worst of the dry dishes. The beef was dry, the cucumber was soggy and almost gone bad, tomatoes are overly ripe, basically.. I feel VERY bad for everyone at the table, especially my parents, who had Pho Tai and this Bun Thit Bo Cha Gio. Final Verdict: I wouldn't come back if you paid me.
4	Mediocre pho. Not much I can say - if you want viet food, this is an option.
