3	So I saw this after picking stuff up at Target and was excited to try their Rotisserie chicken but was a little dis-appointed. First off rotisserie chicken should be really juicy, but it wasn't. They give a garlic  spread that is made with sour cream I think but they give a really small amount of it. They need to give a whole lot more since they chicken was a little bland other than the skin. I was hoping that this place made rotisserie chicken like Zankuo chicken in LA but no luck there. It wasn't even as good as my rotisserie from my Ronco showtime oven. I was full but I was un-satisfied since it was missing flavor.
4	What a pleasant surprise!  I stopped by this new little chicken place that I saw over near the target and pet'smart on Eastern and Silverado.The atmoshpere is a little sterile but I really don't care about this in a place that's  more take out type food versus $40 steaks. I got a 1/4 grilled chicken with sides of mac n'cheese and hummus.  To look at the chicken, one might think meh.  But once I bit into it,  YUMMO!   I saw them brush a sauce on it when it was on the grill, which turns out to be a d'lish citrus flavor. Just how I like my food, clear fresh flavors that are not to muddled up, and not too salty.  I'm wishing now I had gotten the 1/2 chicken instead of the 1/4!They made the mac n' cheese fresh and the hummus was some of the best I've ever had. The owner was gracious and nice and making an honest effort to have a successful small business.The other staff was fast and friendly. Extra bonus points....THEY DELIVER!!I'm thinking..Chicken D'lish, once a week!Give it a try!
2	Chicken seemed quail-sized next to a typical costco bird (fewer hormones, probably a better tasting bird...) - but while that should actually thrill me, it wasn't juicy nor could I taste the 'marinated for 24 hours' flavor...I don't do mac&cheese from a box, and while this was prepared from scratch - let's just say they seriously need a better recipe...it was awful.veg were just ok.  herbs would have been a nice touch...not sure what the garlic sauce is - it's a cross between a really strong aioli and sour cream... super shiny.... for $16 for a whole chicken and 2 small sides, I was seriously underwhelmed.Counter girl needs a LOT more training. So does the cook.
5	Omg! Dlishious and healthy!! PERFECT!
4	I've eaten at Chicken D'Lish 4 times now, and i'm a huge fan! It's literally around the corner from me, and they also deliver.So, being from So Cal, i'm very familiar with Zankou Chicken, and am a fan. Chicken D'Lish is quite similar, but not 100% the same. (this is not a bad thing, always!)Every time, the roasted chicken i've had has been juicy and flavorful, the marinade they use is a citrus-based one, and -much- tastier that El Pollo Loco is, to me. The garlic spread is pretty tasty, if a bit on the mild side.They fall short on the sides, sadly. It's not a flavor-issue, more of a freshness one. The garlic-roasted potatoes taste good, but look really unappetizing- muddy-grey, and anemic. They are also soggy, no real crust on them. The rice is tasty, but felt undercooked to me.I love love love the baklava they sell here! I've yet to find great baklava in Las Vegas, till Chicken D'Lish. (and if -you- know a place in Vegas that makes/sells excellent baklava, TELL ME where it is, I beg you!)Once a week, i've gotten this, and love it!
4	Simple colorful dining room and clean.Healthy chicken dishes and sides.Food was good for the price. Counter girl was nice and friendly only she forgot my drink. Still over all it was a nice local place
4	I've been here once, but I've told fifty people about it since. D'Lish has good food at good prices with a special vinaigrette I would buy by the gallon. Here's what I ordered:Chicken fingers with 2 sides for $8.50. I ordered fingers because I was nursing a fat ass hangover, but for sides I went with double salad. The chicken was moist with a thin coat of crunchy goodness and seasoned to perfection. The salad with that dressing made me forget that I was in a hurry! I chomped on it all and savored every freakin bite. Don't be dumb- Get the salad with the special vinaigrette. It's a happy place:) They also have wraps that I want to try.Then I find out they deliver to my house! Bonus! The bird IS the word. Glad you are in my neighborhood CD. We will be good friends.
5	Yes, upgraded to Five Stars because I went in yesterday for lunch and ordered a wrap with a side of hummus. They came out to check on me.  They meaning the cashier, the cook and the owner and when I said I try to stick to low carb they brought out carrots for my hummus! How tight is this? Insane. Yes, I fell deeper in love with you yesterday D'Lish and sent three people there last night for dinner. Until we meet again....xo
4	Was craving a fresh salad and I got exactly that. Tons of veggies, light dressing, super fresh greens. The chicken was grilled to order. Pretty perfect lunch.
4	The bf and I decided to give this place a whirl since it is close by our house. We ordered the family size for $20. It came with a whole chicken (much  smaller than you would get at costco or sam's but was good anyway. We ordered it with two sides - rice & garlic potatoes. After seeing the pictures of the potatoes and seeing the actual thing.. it doesn't look appetizing at all! Its all grey and soggy. The taste is definitely there and was really flavorful.. but the texture of the potatoes was just gross. It was very soggy and chewy. I like my roasted potatoes with a bit of crisp on the edges. The chicken itself was really good! Had a nice zingy, citrus flavor and the chicken was so juicy and tender. Waaaay better than el pollo loco!
5	The menu had something for the entire family. I had the chicken salad wrap and would definitely order again. My kid liked the rotisserie chicken so much, she asked to eat there the following day. The sides we ordered were the mac and cheese, garlic roasted potatoes, and mashed sweet potatoes- it was all good.  The staff was friendly and this being my first visit, they were helpful with the menu choices.
2	Wow, considering all these good reviews I may have to go back and try something different. My experience was not quite as pleasant as all the other people who reviewed this place. I went with my boyfriend because it was next to my house and it seemed interesting. We both ordered chicken fingers. I had mac and cheese on the side and he had pita and hummus. The chicken was hot but when I bit into it, I could tell the chicken they used was not of a high quality. It was fatty and not very crispy. The mac and cheese was the worst. It tasted like it came from a box. In fact, it was worse than kraft mac and cheese. However, the pita and hummus was not bad. The lettuce leaf underneath the chicken fingers was very unnecessary and pretty tacky.
4	My husband and I went here for the first time after seeing the sign several times. I also had a menu left on my car at Petsmart parking lot. I had looked at it and it sounding...interesting.  The concept is slightly confusing...are you a Cafe, Grill with a Greek Flair?..still not quite sure. I was a little concerned as we were the only customers at lunch time on a weekend.  It was very clean and nice inside, we had eaten at this location when it was a taco shop and it looks much better inside now. My husband ordered the chicken thigh and leg, it was tasty but very, very small in size. I had the Walnut Chicken salad sandwich - you can also get it as a wrap, and very much enjoyed it. We both had the side of Mac n' Cheese. It was decent, tasted good, not great. I might try a different side dish next time. The food feels healthy, not as bad feeling as fast food after eating it. The prices are decent, but I think based on the size of the chicken piece, it would be more appetizing if it was $1.00 lower. The garlic spread and pita that come with the chicken were good. Very friendly staff, he checked on us twice. I would go back if we are out and near the restaurant, I wouldn't make a plan to specifically go there.
3	As the hokey name sounds, it reminds me of the kind of food you would expect Rachel Ray to serve at a picnic, which depending on if you're a fan of her, could be a compliment or an insult, or perhaps a complisult.  I completely agree with some of the other Yelp reviews regarding the small portion for the quarter sized leg/thigh combo since I literally did a double take to make sure my plate was not missing the chicken when I finally noticed the flat squab or quail like piece of meat on the plate.  The lady at the counter repeatedly emphasized that they used "fresh chickens" (I'm hoping she meant organic, since I'd hate to be served salmonella marinated chicken).  The chicken was relatively moist with a citrusy tang, although it reminded me more of store-bought italian dressing rather than a vibrant zest of fresh lemon or orange.  The skin was lacking the crisp that makes ingesting those extra calories worthwhile and on the same subject, I'm not a huge fan of their garlicky spread.  It looks too much like sour cream or mayonnaise, and it packs an excessive punch of garlic.  So much so that it lingered in my mouth for several hours.  If you ever wanted to sabotage someone going on a date, invite said victim for lunch here and make sure they partake in the anti-vampire spread.  Throw in the mediocre sides (pita appeared store-bought and non toasted, roasted potatoes were soggy and ashen in color, salad reminded me of the kind you get on an airplane) at a price point of $8.11 (including tax), one gets a much better deal in quantity and quality at El Pollo Loco or KFC.
1	Save your money and purchase rotisserie from your nearest Smiths! I walked in and should have known-- it was the weekend and not 1 customer dining. I ordered a rotisserie chicken wrap with Mac and cheese to-go plus soda for 12.75! and when I got home... There were 4 pieces of chicken and an abundance of red onions!!! Don't get me wrong I love red onions but not an entire onion in my wrap. Mac and cheese was powdery and my son didn't want to mess with it... Super disappointed :( I'm normally not this brash but was the worst food I've had for the money I paid and the portions I received.
5	Hunger was setting in on our way to hit the Halloween store and we always pass this place since it is close to our house so why not give it a try. Whats the worst that can happen, we get a plate of dried out bird and then we move on? Well I am very pleased to say it was nothing like that. We walked in and the place was empty not a single person dining and at first that can be a detour but one of the owners came to the counter and greeted us with a very kind greeting and asked if we had been there before and since we had not she gave us the tour of the menu. Telling us about the 24 hour marinating process and the no hormone chickens along with some info as to the cooking processes. We all made our decisions, I took the Chicken breast combo, It has 2 grilled chicken breast, And for my 2 sides I went with a Garden salad with vinaigrette and sauteed Veggies, I am a low carb eater so this was perfect for me. My wife ordered a grilled chicken wrap with Hummus and my little girl got chicken strips and mac and cheese. The food came out pretty quick and off we went, dive right in, the meals came with a pita bread as well which I gave to my wife for her hummus but that small cup of white stuff I was not sure about. Once we opened it up "Oh my garlic" it was so incredible, the chicken was tender and moist and went perfect with the garlic sauce. The fresh Vinaigrette and salad was also nice due to the freshness. Anytime I go to a restaurant and meet one of the owners it is interesting to see what information they offer and the demeanor of the individual. In this case she was very very nice and welcoming and even though the place was empty it still had a comfortable feel and did not feel empty. With all of the background and information that the owner offered up you can tell that they really care about the business of making D'lish chicken. I could not recommend this place more, there is nothing like fresh, no hormone, delicious and healthy food. We will be back for sure, This is another one of those small restaurants that you really want to tell everyone you know about and make sure that we keep this place alive and kickin.
1	well i have seen this place many times because i go to Chicago tasty dogs which is next door. (see my review). and i also had a coupon for buy one get one free entree. first off like a reviewer said before it was the weekend and not one customer. but i was willing to try. i got the chicken fingers and 2 sides which were rice and garlic potatoes. i ordered a total of 3 entrees and one kids meal. entrees don't come with drinks so that's extra. even with the coupon i spent close to 35 bucks.they also make you pay extra for sauce for the fingers. the cups they have are the smallest cups i have ever seen in a restaurant. we had gotten this all to go. lets say that they are glad i was home when i ate it. the food was ,for the price the smallest portions. the side of ride was a spoonfull. and the dryest i have ever had, and the garlic potatoes should be called just garlic there was so much garlic there was no other taste. i don't mind garlic and I'm not a vampire but damn. the chicken fingers where small and only four of them. they were way over cooked. my sister had the chicken fingers too and she said the same. they tasted like they were cooked then sat out and then cooked again. my sister had the mac and cheese and she said it was pretty gross. my nephew who loves chicken fingers wouldn't even touch em. i was quite disappointed. i was still so hungry that i made a sandwich. for the price and the quality of food save your money and go somewhere else. even though i give places a fighting chance i wont be back. ill go next door for a hot dog.
4	Ever felt an orgasmic experience in your mouth? Then you've got to have one of their dishes! I love this place so much, and I could eat it everyday if i could! The glazed lemon marinate on the skin is just screaming with flavor! Literally yelling at me! The chicken is tender, and full of meat so you don't feel shorted on meat. Because I can't finish it I usually do the quarter sides with two sides for $7.95. For the bigger meat eaters, I'd suggest the half dark with two sides $9.25. They have a long list of sides. My personal suggestion would be the mixed veggies, hummus, sweet potatoe mash, or the seasoned potatoes. Also, MAKE SURE YOU GET THAT GARLIC SAUCE. It's all about that garlic sauce. If I could write a sonnet on love based on this garlic sauce it would be.."love, you are my garlic sauce, and I would spread you all over my dying chicken, covered in delicious lemon sauce. The end"
2	I've visited this location twice and I will be splitting my review to reflect both visits and then average out the overall review.Visit #1: Great experience, food was fresh and staff was friendly. My chicken burger was cooked to perfection and the toppings were perfect. I recommend trying the hummus! 4 starsVisit #2: Burger is delicious, waitress was a bit rude. I had to pull a sweet potato sticker out of my mouth after finding it in the mashed potatoes. Waitress was outside and the grill cook offered me more sweet potatoes as an apology. Unacceptable and DISGUSTING. Zero stars.
5	Wow I'm sad I didn't try this place sooner. Yes, like some of the other reviews I read, it was late in the afternoon on a Sunday and it was completely empty. But the great staff and good food will keep me  coming back. I had the quarter chicken, all white meat, rice, and hummus. The seasoning on the chicken was very good and the skin is my favorite part of chicken so I would definitely choose this place over el pollo loco any day. Then top it off with that yummy garlic sauce, aww man I was such a happy camper! The rice was ok and so was the hummus, not to die for but who am I kidding? This ain't fine dining! I will definitely come back and be a regular here.
3	Decided to try and find a healthy go to place that I can grab food when I'm doing errands or take home. I had a flyer left on my car, the menu sounded good so I gave it a try. I have a love for salad like no other, maybe I was a rabbit in my former life, who knows, but one of my favorite salads is a Greek salad with that amazing dressing. I was willing to give it a try, but I added chicken. I opened the box and it looked delicious, but I was taken aback by the tiny amount of chicken I was given. The salad itself had good flavor, feta, red onion and chopped kalamata olives, pepperoncinis   and the dressing was good, but for $10 I felt they could have given more chicken. I kept comparing it to my HUGE Greek salad I get at Paymon's. Will I go back? Yea probably.
