5	Sage is an antique shop. Sage is an artist-made jewelry store. Sage sells a lot of cool stuff that was originally parts of buildings that no longer exist in parts of the world you may not have ever been. If you're looking to refurbish your home or just get some cool interesting home decor items, this is the place to go. The neat-o architectural salvage stuff comes from places all over the world. You can recycle the stuff into your home or building (though it's not so green as it often comes from Belgium or other far off places).  The owner tells me that she gets a line around the block whenever she gets a new crate of salvaged stuff in. You should give her a call to find out when the next batch is due as you'll find things here that you aren't likely to find anywhere else. The artist-made jewelry is also very cool and unique. She sells items by jewelry creators in France and around the US. This too is stuff you are not likely to find anywhere else. All in all, it's worth checking out if even for a browse, and you arelikely to find at least something interesting.
3	If you're looking for antiques with a New Orleans / French vibe, then Sage is the place for you.  The store features a rotating inventory of architectural salvage.  Lots of the items come from Missouri and the buildings in St. Louis offer up great French-inspired salvage. This is also a great place for vintage lighting (but it has nowhere near the inventory of vintage lighting that you will find at Stuff Antiques).  One day I happened into Sage after the owner had just hung a vintage 1920s Murano French Art Deco chandelier from her neighbor's dining room.  I bought it on the spot and it's got pride of place in my entryway.The store also features a variety of tchochkes, some of which are interesting.  It's worth a visit as some intriguing religious items have also appeared over time.  This is definitely the place where you come for cool stuff to find you rather than a store you visit to find a specific item.
5	OK, I've lived in downtown Phoenix walking distance from Sage for over four years now, and I'm embarrassed I've never been. There's always intriguing looking junk in front of the shop but I never stopped. Well, today was the day. I think my girl boner was at half-mast even before I got through the front door -- antique laundry baskets on rollers admixed with Buddha statues and old industrial storage baskets. Mind you, my taste in home decor is very odd -- I love industrial stuff but there is a good chunk of goth in there too, along with a smidge of high end snobbery competing with dirty hippie. It's real complicated, and as a result I have a hard time finding stores that really thrill me. Passport Imports on Indian School has some good shit, and sometimes stores for the masses like Cost Plus have some potential.Sage simply just blew my mind. I about weed down my leg when I got inside and saw that a good 80% of the stuff is EXACTLY what I have in mind for my (future) house. Those people have my number. Old mausoleum markers in French from the 1800s -- squee!!! Oodles of beat up metal lockers -- squee!!! Old machine parts as votive candle holders -- squee!!! Humongous mirrors, framed in old ceiling tin -- squee!!! The caveat, of course, is that it's not exactly cheap. There is a smattering of jewelry, which to be honest, doesn't match the rest of the store in terms of originality and flair. I saw some cute pieces, but nothing too different than what I already make, and certainly nothing I even wanted to see out of the case. The owner is a little chatty, which generally turns me off, but I was so blown away and covered in my own drool I didn't even care. This store has great potential. Personally, if it were my store, I would add a small selection of imported French toiletries and goodies like drawer sachets and dishwashing soap. People who are into the existing wares would happily pay $10 for a spiffy French lip balm they can't get here. I assure you. I am one of them. They've already got the jewelry and small knick-knacks in addition to the furniture -- it's foolish not to further expand.I added my information to the email list to get notified of the next shipment, and I guarantee you I will be one of those fools lined up around the block as if they were giving the shit away. Mark my words.
5	I feel like I shouldn't even divulge this information, but they had one of their killer sales a couple weekends ago.... everything 40-50% off!!! I finally got the bank of old-school lockers I always dreamed of to use as a bookcase for my front room. My boyfriend was pissed because it was so freaking heavy, but it looks badass!!! LOVE!!!!
