3	a two-story restaurant and brewery in Ahwatukee. trapped in a amc/z tejas/barnes and noble strip mall, it's a decent place for ok decent beer and ok food.this location's brew master is cool guy - classically trained as a chef and from the east coast. and although Rock Bottom is national chain, each brew master gets full control of the beers they make. plus, he mingles with regulars to ask what they want to drink, what they like an don't like.they even do the equivalent of wine pairings with their beers.
2	EhInteresting menu, but I found the food to be rather mediocreEven compared to the Rock Bottom at Desert RidgeI do enjoy their happy hour beer though, so 2 stars for a good microbrew!
1	Hubby has a thing for French Dips, so when the flier came in the mail advertising Rock Bottom's new Firehouse Specials, he really wanted to go, especially since we were in the area anyway. The French Dip was on a "pretzel roll" and my bite had soooooo much horseradish on it, I couldn't swallow it, and the bun was almost immediately mush. He also did not care for the beer "jus" it came with. His sweet potato hash side looked overdone and simply not appetizing. He also had an Irish stout that he really liked.  I ordered a tasty portabello and spinach sandwich on a nice wheat roll with rosemary mayo. The fries that came with it were light and yummy. I thought I had by far the better of the two meals- until I spent a good part of the rest of the night on the potty. 'Nuff said. This is a family show.
4	I've never had a bad meal at any of the locations/states I've eaten at.I don't drink beer but I enjoy the food. I most always order the same thing "Mac and Cheese" no chicken, it comes with a decent house salad for only $7.99 (see pics) You can't go wrong with this and two people could easily share this meal, it's alot!They have some pretty good sandwiches like the "Brewers Club" (see pics)I've also had their Chicken Fried chicken with white cheddar mashed potatoes.Decent Food and relaxed environment make this place easy to enjoy.3.5 stars
3	Just an okay place. It was a Saturday afternoon and hardly anyone was patronizing the bar. Maybe 20 people max. Most were there to watch the Suns game they were broadcasting. The server was very friendly... though a little on the creepy side (I think every woman knows what I'm talking about, am I right?). He went above and beyond, bringing me an entire sample of all their brews, including the Pilsner (seasonal they had) and Cask Brown Ale. "Because you're pretty," he said was the reason. Uhm, okay. I opted to go with the Red Ale. It was served in a large glass, and since I was already buzzin' from tryin' about 10 samples, I couldn't finish the ale. My bad.I ordered a 1/2 salad with 1/2 chicken salad sandwich. The salad, with the side of Ginger Citrus dressing, was good. It was your typical salad, with bacon pieces and shredded cheddar. The 1/2 sandwich, on the other hand, was slathered in too much mayo. Ick. It upset my stomach for the remainder of the afternoon. Service was sporadic. It took awhile to place an order and then pay the check. All in all, an okay spot to pick when you're in the mood for a sports bar or afternoon brewski.
2	Rock Bottom continues to earn it's name. I have been to this location on 5 separate occasions because my partner likes the beer varieties and the Pretzels. He has stopped telling me we are headed here because I will get them to change their mind before we arrive. After this last visit I told them that there are no more redeeming factors for me at this restaurant and I am not returning.Chicken Oscar ~ belongs right in the trash with its muppet fur of shredded canned crab meat stuffed inside. Special of the night? It was a disaster and took forever to prepare. When I got it the chicken was dry and burnt all on the bottom. I could easily split the chicken open and see that the stuffing was a light smear of obvious canned shredded clam. The asparagus was hard and over buttered and the mashed potatoes were heavy and uninspired. It took so long and I couldn't get the waitstaff attention to bother returning it or thinking of more food to try. My partner had a burger, it was nothing special. The good part of that meal were the kettle chips, really! They were awesome.We enjoyed our pretzels very much.We didn't stay for dessert, we've had problems with three of their desserts in the past and we weren't going to try them again.Service and wait staff were slow and uninterested, it's July and it must suck to work there with it mostly empty, I know servers make crap, so I left a fair tip, but I'm done. In this economic climate, either get good at what you do or go away. There are better places to eat. Tons of them.
3	So Weekends are usually hubbys choice and he decided on Rock Bottom.I don't mind coming here, I really like their Mac and Cheese.You can get it with or without chicken.........years ago the chicken was this really thin shaved peppered chicken and I thought it was awful so I have since always ordered without chicken.However today Hubby chose the mac and chicken and I was surprised that now they use real chunks of shredded chicken breast!! YAY! What and improvement!! It was really good! (see pics). I got  the Turkey Bacon Cobb sandwich minus bacon =Layers of juicy oven-roasted turkey breast on grilled sourdough bread with sweet peppered bacon, sliced avocado, roasted tomatoes, sprouts and mixed greens. Topped with rosemary dressing and Bleu cheese crumbles (see pics)It was better  than I expected, they forgot to put avocado on it though andthe bread was really really good and for being grilled it wasnt over saturated with grease.The onion rings could have been crispier but were OK.Lame waitress today she was new but whatever...she sucked!!
2	This place is very average.  Very nice decor and the menu is pretty good but the atmosphere is crapola. especially for a brewery.  Trying to be upscale but it really doesnt get there.  Not bad for lunch specials but overall this place is just average.
1	Last night, 1/17/09, my husband and I attended a birthday party for one of our friends at the Phoenix Rock Bottom location. While there, our service was terrible. We had to wait 45 minutes for our food to be ordered and we had to ask 3 times for a glass of water. The waitress took almost a half hour to bring our check to us after we asked for it. By the next morning, I looked at my bank account to find that they had charged us for our meal twice and the second charge was for 4 times the cost of the actual meal. After calling to speak to the manager today, I was told that the money was not taken out of our account yet. He acted as if this there was really no reason to be concerned. He then told me that he would call me back later. After 4 hours, I had not heard from him, so I called again to be told that he would call me when he was not busy.I understand that mistakes happen, but I expect that they be remedied immediately and with a gracious attitude. At this point, my husband and I will not be returning to your company and we will be sure to let our friends know about this if the mistake is not at least reimbursed to us within 24 hours.
3	I tend to go more for the independently owned breweries, but I enjoy Rock Bottom. As with any large chain, I suggest sticking to the seasonal beers made available, as they tend to have more character and depth than the standard fare offered every day. But your mileage may vary.Looking for an appetizer? Go with the pretzels. You won't be disappointed. My wife is a fan of their Grilled Salmon Caesar salad. Me? I tend to pick whatever is on special. The "fireman pizza" (or whatever it was called) was rather uninspiring. All and all, a solid place for a good meal and brew.
2	Rock Bottom Brewery is a chain of microbrew restaurants, and the Ahwahtukee location is one of the worst ones I've been two (been to three). The best thing about this establishment is the $3 draft/$3 appetizer happy hours, but that is sadly eclipsed by the poor service, ambiance and quality of food. The beer - overall - is fair. There were no clear cut winners. The stout was not so good: I ended up returning it for the nut brown ale, which fared slightly better. The pale ale was better.The service was negligent and awful. She was inattentive, and ended up serving me a beef burger after a conversation with her about getting a veggie burger. Funny thing is, the place wasn't packed last night either. I'm not looking for four-star service, but complete lack of attention stands out for me. Also, the family-style setting (tons of suburban families) really didn't do it for me, so I'll probably only come back if asked to by a friend, not on my own will.
2	The food's good, the beer's usually good, the brewmaster's awesome. If I could rate a restaurant just on those criteria, it would easily be a 4-star joint.But this Rock Bottom location has a chronic, nagging problem: The service.Several years ago they were great--waitstaff was on their game, management was always around to check on things and even work the floor. Since that time, the awesome management has been promoted up into corporate and the service really hasn't been the same. A 30 minute lunch turns into an hour, drinks remain empty, the bill sits on the table while you try in vain to get your waiter to pick it up. Occasionally Rock Bottom teases me with a great service, but then it just lets me down with another trip to slowsville on the next visit. Good eats if you've got the time, but don't go expecting a quick meal.
3	They lose 1 star for not having any hard cider in stock...supposedly they ran out. I can't drink beer so I was left to drink a very fruity cosmo. Overall, this place isn't anything special. I hear the beer is good though. One thing going for them is that they have a great happy hour. $3 drinks and munchies M-F from 3:30 - 6:30. The atmosphere is nothing special. Bathrooms were clean though and there is plenty of seating.
3	This is a place where I want to try many things on the menu. The descriptions sound really good and, so far, the meals have been pretty good.This place isn't bad for food. The beer is alright, but I've had better. The worst part about this place is the service. My husband and I have had the same waiter twice now, and both times he has mumbled his way through service, showed no enthusiasm and didn't pay much attention. But when it was time to leave, he sure did rush us our check.I would certainly recommend it for the food, but otherwise you might be better off elsewhere.
1	This Rock Bottom is awful. A poor example of an already poor chain.What's comical is that we came here with gift certificates we got from the manager of the Desert Ridge location after our food came out cold after a 45-minute wait. We figured maybe another location would be better.Dead wrong. I don't know if the food was an improvement because we went on a Saturday afternoon and waited a full 5 minutes inside before being acknowledged and seated. The place was deserted and we sat at our table for another 10 minutes before being approached by a waiter reeking of cigarette smoke. I guess this restaurant is being run by 1 or 2 people? I wouldn't be surprised if the hostess was back in the kitchen ready to cook our order.We didn't wait around to find out. I eventually took my gift certificates to the Scottsdale location and blew them all on beer and filet mignon before they expired, but that's a different review.
4	I like the Glendale location better. However, I was here the other day (again with kiddo and hubby in tow) as I was craving fish tacos and thought I might find some good ones here. I guess the fish tacos they used to have on the menu all the time are gone, but thankfully they were having some sort of seafoody promotiony thingy. I ordered them beer battered and fried (grilled fish tacos at a brewery? Seriously?) and they hit the spot. Im not sure I would call the sauce on them a "slaw" but it was just lovely anyway, and the fish portions were huge and tasted pretty fresh! Hubby had the onion soup which he says is not as salty as it was before (its a good thing) and The Kid ate every freakin black bean off of my plate. Yay.
3	I go to rock bottom for happy hour frequently. I never go for lunch or dinner. The happy hour beer is a great deal, at 18oz. for $3. The beer, itself, ranges quite a bit, but it's generally on par with standard US microbrews, with some significantly better. The food is nothing special. The service also varies a lot, so I'm not surprised to find some people got some bad service.For people who liked the brewmaster, Guy is no longer with the company. A new brewmaster, Rob, took over, this spring. He was at this location a few years ago, then went to Scottsdale, and is now back. Personally, I like his brews better than Guy's, but others could disagree. I've been told Rob's specialty is brown ale, and I can see why.Overall, for some decent, local beer, after work, it's a great spot. For anything else, I'd go someplace else.
2	About the same as the other locations for Rock Bottom in the Phoenix area, but this one is more convenient to a major highway (I-10).  I wish they would stop making so many menu changes, which are often for the worse.  Food has gone downhill in the last couple years, and beers are rather uninspiring.  For convenience sake I might stop here with low expectations, but if you have the time I'd advise that you seek another dining choice.
3	Last night I stopped by Rock Bottom with some friends for a late dinner & drinks. I ordered the fish & chips. I love fish & chips and this was the first time I had seen Salmon instead of white fish. The menu described it as Ale-battered, alder-smoked salmon served with fries, Brewery slaw, malt vinegar and homemade remoulade sauce... All I know is that it was yummy.I also had the DreamWeaver Wheat Ale. Both selections were very good - the fish had a great taste - nicely crisp on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside. Good fries and a satisfying beer. My friends split some type of steak dish with vegetables. Both commented on how good it was. Finish off with a small dessert - they had this little mini chocolate peanut butter cookie thing for $2.50. Small, but good.The dining area was spacious - I have bad seating karma. I am a big dude and for some reason they love to sit me in the smallest places. Three of us were put at a bar table in the bar, when there were open booths near by. At least I got to see the football game. What surprised me was that on a Friday night, it wasn't very busy. Soon after we arrived, other booths cleared out, the bar was down to two gus at opposite ends - not what I would expect for a brewery on Friday night. Maybe they should have more happy hour specials and get people to come out?Good food, good beer and the server was excellent. The atmosphere a little dead.
2	Having lived close by for a few months, I finally made it over to this brewery this evening. Overall, I would give it 2.5 stars if I could... Because it was a Sunday, the typical football watching pub crowd was upstairs at the bar, making a bit of noise. I can appreciate that, so it wasn't a big deal.I'm not a fan of beer, but seeing as how I found myself in a brewery, I felt like I should try their sampler. Nearly all of them were unbearable to me. No real surprise there.The food started off pretty well. Their house salad was surprisingly delicious. I recommend the vinaigrette. The Loredo burger, however, left much to be desired. Guacamole was decent, but the whole thing just didn't seem like it meshed well. Also, their kettle chips are only okay.Service was perfect, however. The waiter was easy to talk to and knowledgeable at least about their beers.
4	This is "my place"- if you come to town, we eat here. If you want to grab a drink, we'll go here! We even spent one horribly drunken New Year's Eve partying it up with the Rock Bottom crew. This would normally be a 5-star review but I feel like their service has gone downhill a bit in the last 6 months and this could stand to be addressed.First of all, you cannot beat Happy Hour! As a beer snob, I often feel left out when the Happy Hour specials only include America's favorite urine-colored watered down drinks. Occasionally I can get a Sam Adam's or Blue Moon, but it's nothing to match. The specials here vary by the day but you'll be able to get a pint of beer or a mixed drink for around $3- sign up for their free Mug Club and you'll get 20oz mugs every time too! There's a patio with smoking on one side only- it's great to sit out there most of the year but does get packed close to the weekends. The food specials at Happy Hour beat the oh-so-cheap yet mediocre Applebee's standard. Most appetizers are $3- a few items, such as sliders, show up just for happy hour and aren't even on the regular menu. There is a burger they offer for $5, and you can get a bucket of fries or kettle chips for $1.50. The sliders are my favorite (both chicken and beef), and i'd also recommend kettle chips, the spinach artichoke dip, or the nachos. The beers could almost use their own review- there are 6 or 7 to try and account for what people like to drink. There is usually a special seasonal beer along with a cask-conditioned option. As I mentioned before, the best way to drink beer is with a Mug Club card. You'll get a 20oz mug for the 16oz price and accumulate points towards things such as logo pint glasses. If you like the urine-variety of mass-produced beers, try a Dreamcatcher. If you enjoy good flavor, try the El Jefe Hefeweizen, Desert Trail Pale Ale, or Raptor Red. At this location in particular I think the El Jefe is the best. The food is delicious- i'm getting to the point where i've tried almost everything on the menu. The standouts are the Mac N' Chicken, the Lemon Chicken, the Smoked Salmon Fish and Chips, and the Prime Rib (they run specials on this at various times of the year). A lot of entrees come with the wonderful White Cheddar Mashed Potatoes, and the vegetables you are served are pretty flavorful. Definitely good enough to deserve coming here even if you don't drink beer.My only complaints lately are that the service has gone downhill. We've been several times in the past few months- 3 times for happy hour and once for dinner. One time at happy hour was perfect, the second our food came out and had clearly been sitting around (coagulated cheese skin on top of the artichoke dip), and the third the food had only sat a tiny bit but it took us forever to get the attention of our waitress. The time we went for dinner the food was good, but it took a long time and didn't come out all at once. If the restaurant can resolve this, it'll earn its 5th star.
4	Great food excellent service.  I love the decor just a really nice place...moderately priced
1	Horrible service.  Waited over 1 hour to be seated, then another 30 minutes without a waiter before leaving.  Other customers complained about food quality.  AVOID.  Go to the Yardhouse in the Mall.
3	Pork mexican dish with rice and beans was very tasty!  Laredo burger was tasty, but under my expectations for a restaurants burger.  Pub coleslaw was different and tasty.  I enjoy Erik the Red beer.  OVerall, this place is pricy.  The beer is more pricy than any other place I went in Zona.  It's a good place to try, but I feel like I'm in a more expensive Chilis when I should be at a more exciting microbrewery.
3	When we walked in, Modern English's 'Melt with you' was playing rather loudly over the house sound system.  Everyone in there looked older than both my wife and I.  The hostess asked if we wanted to be seated for dinner or if we wanted to have happy hour in the bar area.  We chose the bar.My wife had whatever their brown ale is, I think it's Roadrunner Brown or something along those lines.  I had iced tea.  We noticed our bar table was not clean but we let it slide as it wasn't horribly dirty.  The waitress came and went.  When my iced tea was empty, I'd look for her and she would magically appear with a pitcher of iced tea.  Although fairly happy and somewhat charming (for a waitress in a place like this), she didn't really go above and beyond in her service but she wasn't terrible either.  Happy hour: three dollar pints of their micro-brewed beer and three dollar appetizers.  We had wings and nachos which were good enough.  I really liked the nachos.  Mind you, happy hour portions aren't as large as regular portions but also they're only $3 bucks.  When we were leaving Lady Gaga's "Alejandro" was blasting over the house sound system.  It made me think that this is the place where older people go to feel like they're still 'in tuned' with what the younger folks are up to.  I started to feel middle aged.
4	Our party of 9, four adults and five kids, had a great time!  The kids did the make your own pizza. They loved it, as did their parents.  We had dough flyin', pressin', smashin', rollin' and just about any other descriptive words you can use for getting our dough prepped for the sauce and toppings.Our service was great!  We were a handful for any server, but "Kitten" was great.  The rest of the staff who helped serve and cook also graciously took care of all of our requests.We will be back if not just for the build your own pizzas!
2	This place is wretched, and the service always sucks! We were one of only 3 tables in the place at 3:30pm and still had trouble getting served. The manager, or what looked like the manager (a person carrying keys, doing voids, and walking behind the bar) not once made eye contact with us. The server had to ask "just so I get this straight...you ordered the salad with ranch" We ordered the Ahi app, chips and guacamole, and the full-rack of ribs. The food was tasty, but once again the service sucks. Our server tried to give our tab to the ladies behind us, then complained out loud that the other server screwed things up, all the while we were waiting for the tab. He then had to explain that I really would not be getting charged twice, it would only be on my credit card for a few days. No one ever said thanks for coming in, and we were left to walk out...never to return.
1	I would give this place a 0 star if I could. The short rib is salty and overcooked. We ordered the sample size ahi tuna and they charged us full prize. The prime rib was tough and half was fat. I will never come back.  This place Is scam. The waiter Eddie accused us of receiving the larger size ahi.  Unbelievable service
3	It was ok...good crowd for at Tuesday so all of those that complain about no crowd must go at really odd times.Black and tan was black - they could not separate the two..disappointing.Food was ok, not outstanding.The burger was rated as very good; Jambalaya....fair at best...two friggin shrimp could they spare it?Service was ok...I might go back but if it's not any better, then adios.Oh yeah, when you unroll your utensils the last thing you want to see is someone else's dinner stuck to your knife - (gagging sounds kick in here).
4	Mondays & Tuesdays, kids 12 & under eat free!We really enjoy the kids-make your own pizza!  And the kids do too!  Our daughter has more fun making it!  Our son has more fun eating it, and his sister's left overs!
3	Yes this is a brewery! You come here for fresh brews. The beer is good with a constant selection and a nice loyalty program that rewards you after multiples of pints have been enjoyed. The atmosphere is appropriate, lots of booths and a good large bar area. The food is typical for this type of an establishment. Good casual place with no pretense. Our service was prompt and efficient even with a larger group and they managed to get all the orders right and food out to us even with a busier crowd.
1	My husband and I got horrible food poisoning from this restaurant. -- so bad in fact , that it warranted medical attention.We contacted their corporate office and were completely blown off by their insurance company.This establishment has no regard for the well being of its patrons. Since we value our health we will never go back
3	Food was ok but the beer was very good.  The service was rather poor and considering how empty the place was I would have expected a much more attentive waitress. I like the building and the open space is nice, too bad it's way down in Ahwatukee.
4	For far to long I put this place at the rock bottom of my brewery list in town, it seems that I was mistaken.Many years had passed since my last visit here, and after an invite from some friends and a good tasting at the last yelp event I went in.We sat on the large patio to enjoy the great spring AZ weather, it also enable us to accommodated upwards for 20 people at our conjoined table.Happy hour was in full effect $3.25 beers (in a mug) and $5 pizza's and appetizers.I started off with a stout, it was nice full bodied not to bitter and with a rich head. I learned that each beer is made on site with their own local recipesFor food I went with the margarita pizza ($5 on HH $10 normal).  TO my surprised it was cooked in a open flame oven and it was almost a Bianco style pizza, it had fresh motzrella , basil, tomatoes and pesto on it. It was pretty good but a bit low on the crust to topping ratio. Service was decent for a large patio party too.Happy hr is  3:30pm - 6:30pm & 9-Close all days, give it a try
2	OK i had to write a review because I was very disappointed!I gave this place the benfit of the doubt only because i heard they had a great happy hour and it is a brewery! Plus they only had 3 stars when i looked over the yelp reviews, I wanted to help improve that......Big mistake .....I should've listened to my fellow yelpers. I decided to have my birthday dinner here on a friday, we decided we would meet early for happy hour then move to dining area for dinner. Well my small party of 4 got there around 6:15pm, we thought it was just in time to put in a quick order for cheap food and drinks, but it took forever to find an available server, one guy stopped by and said he'll be "back in a sec" but never did. So we decided to move to the patio where we thought it would be easier to put in our order, the lady taking orders was nice enough to put our order in 2 minutes before it ended. We were rushed and didnt even have the HR menus to look over because they guy never gave us them and there weren't any on the patio table. She was also pretty slow at getting them, i'm sure we would've had 4 minutes to order if she knew the urgency of HR ending at 6:30pm!!  Come on now.....There were alot of older people and it got pretty dead after HR ended..After that we moved to the dining area where other members of our party met us. The menu looked good from the pictures and description they gave....but the beer selection was very limited. :( White ale, red ale, dark ale??? ok.. at least put some personality into naming them and make sure your server is educated on each beer.Over all the food sucked and beer sucked. No taste in either one.. It was a sad birthday dinner, yes i ate all my food because i was starving! I didnt get sick so that's good.... We had one beer/drink each and regreted the beer choice after the first sip, we left right away to get a real drink. Oh I did have a choice of either a free cake or drink for my Bday, I chose the carrot cake.. it was good, not the best. She just sat it down on the table said happy birthday then walked off......uh thanks yay happy birthday to me... oh and she charged us for the cake.. but corrected it after we mentioned it. I know better now to stick with the good ol' Four Peaks Brewery for GREAT Food and Beer!  They have an extensive selection of beer to choose from, even if it isn't made in their brewery!Servers/ hostess were nice, except for mr. invisable... Just dont go....maybe for HR but you wont taste much:(*Excuse my spelling and sentences, just so much happened and I can't think right trying to get it all out!
3	Rock Bottom seems to be hit, or miss. They have a pretty decent menu with a variety of items. Their happy hours is sort of ho-hum for me. There's not really a lot of good deals to be had, but beers are relatively well priced even when not on happy hour.I had gotten two vouchers from restaurant.com and used those on two separate occasions. The first time I got the prime rib, and though I was excited to order it, I wasn't excited to finish it. It tasted as thought it had been cooked too long and there was very little flavor or moisture remaining in the meat.However, still having another coupon I returned a second time. The second experience I ordered a steak. My wife ordered on also. I ordered mine the house default which is a little bit between medium and medium rare and it was delicious. Well-seasoned and cooked perfectly. My wife ordered hers more well done and it came out very well done. The flavor was not great, even for her. I realize that it goes without saying that it is usually best to order what the kitchen is good at doing, but be cautious in ordering things well done or you might get it really well done. We had chips which are rather cheap and they come with a sufficient serving size and decent salsa. If you like hefeweizens they have a great wit-bier that tastes similar to blue-moon with a greater serving of cloves. It tastes good and I was a fan.
5	I LOVE Rock bottom. My husband and I live down the street and go here frequently. I always get a burger (99% of the time), and my husband alternates with whatever sounds good. We like it so much we often order for pickup on long days! They have great, accommodating managers, very kind, attentive staff, and a fun atmosphere!
2	Used to be great.  Took the good stuff off the menu.... No asiago and beer bread, fish and chips changed to cod vs. Salmon.  Oh well, just will quit going.
1	We have ate here a few times, this visit was one of the worst experiences we have had in a long time.  The host who sat us (2+our baby) was very rude, acted like we were inconviencing him by coming in. (Took about 5 minutes before he even came to sit us).  He also clearly saw our baby however didn't offer a booster or a high chair.   He did however give us a kids coloring menu (but they don't have crayons??? Really?)  The waitress was also in some type of mood and for some reason decided to take a job at a brewery knowing nothing about beer.  I asked what wheat beers they had, she suggested a house beer---umm, not a wheat at all....food took about 30-40min after ordering to come...awesome with a restless baby and no crayons...  terrible experience (crappy employees, took to long, burger was really dry, waitress dosent know anout beers at a brewery, no crayons for their kids coloring menus)... ohh I also forgot to add the floors in the restaurant was disgusting, looked like it hadent been swept or moped in quite some time.....bathroom was much worse....   what a waste of a trip
1	What happened to this place? We have been here quite a few times and this last visit will probably be the last. We had bad service from the get go. No one sat us right away the servers were walking by looking at us but no host came. I had trouble finding anything on the menu that on a hot day in phoenix sounded good. Everything is pricey too for being so-so food. Salads are $10 and up. A trip to the bathroom grossed me out with greasy smudged hand prints all over the black stall doors. Walking back I noticed the floors were covered in crumbs and food. Our little boy dropped something under our table and let's just say they can keep it because it was filthy under there. No more rock bottom for us!
5	Unfortunately tonight was the last night this location was open. The only two locations left in the Valley are Desert Ridge and Arrowhead.  Please support them.
1	This location is now closed.
