3	I drive past Shriaz all the time and saw that they have Greek-American food. I am a huge sucker for gyros so I thought id check them out for lunch today. The sandwich was mammoth -I could really only eat half and that's saying a lot since I can put down some food. Flavor-wise it wasn't bad. The meat had a different texture than I am use to, very similar to meatloaf and was a bit salty. The lettuce reminded me of sub shredded lettuce and they had some tomatoes, onions, fresh pita and a rather bland tzatziki sauce. The meal came to approximately $5 after tax and they offer a 10% discount for CPCC students which I couldn't partake in but I thought it was a nice incentive. Overall I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to eat here but it's wallet friendly and while not fabulous it wasn't a terrible choice either.
4	One of my top choice lunch places. Great menu and cheaper prices combine for an overall good experience. I usually get either the Lamb gyro or the double cheeseburger. Both of which I have trouble finishing,  which is saying something. Also they're one of the few places with cherry soda in their fountain. Overall I'm sold.
3	As far as hole in the wall eateries go, this one worked for me.  Husband had the MIXED GRILL, which included a couple of skewers of chicken and lamb/gyro (?), rice, fries and a side salad.  At $10 it wasn't cheap, but seemed like a deal for that much food.  The problem was that the meat was not well seasoned, and it was incredibly overcooked and tough.  The rice was not flavorful, and might as well have not been included.  The fries were cooked nice and crispy, but they were crinkle fries that anyone can get from the grocery.  His meal would have been a 0 or 1 star.  However, I got the small VEGGIE SUB, and it was really nice.  For $5, I got about an 8" toasted bun with grilled onions, red peppers, jalapenos and mushrooms, topped with a lot of melty provolone cheese.  Once I added the provided hot sauce, it was absolutely great.  Served with plain potato chips, which was not ideal.  We paid extra for side cups of tzaziki, which was a pretty nice addition to both of our meals.  Not the best meal I've ever had, but a pretty decent vegetarian sub option, so I'll probably be back.
