5	I love this place! -Great Coffee-Nice Wine Selection-Small but Quality Microbrew Selection-Free WiFi-Nice OwnersWhen we're in town visiting I always leave our son with Grandma for an hour or so to visit Wine at the Pines. I first learned about WP when my mom mentioned that there was a place opening up in town that was going to be serving Metropolis Coffee. For those of you who are not familiar with Metropolis, it's the best coffee ever! We live in Chicago just down the block from the Metropolis mothership and there isn't a better cappuccino to be had anywhere. They import and roast their own beans and do it so well that they were rated the best coffee shop in Chicago. Whole Foods has started selling their coffee as well. But I digress. Aside from the coffee at WP you can browse their wine cellar, have a sandwich, sample good cheeses and pasta or gorge yourself on baked goods like I'm doing right now.In the front of the cafe there are a few tables and chairs and two bars. In the back there's some more tables and some comfy-looking leather chairs.My only criticism is that I would like for them to be open earlier than noon on sundays.
5	A coffee shop / wine bar hybrid?  Yes, please!Believe me, I was all atwitter yesterday when I discovered that1. This place exists2. It's located in southeast Urbana (just a few blocks from my boyfriend's house)3. It has free wine tastings every Friday night4. IT WAS FRIDAY NIGHTThe interior is stylish, but casual.  The employees were friendly and knowledgeable about the four wines we sampled at the tasting.  (We also "sampled" a piece of flourless Mexican chocolate cake, mmm.)  I saw that they also had cheese and hummus plates available.My boyfriend and I returned this morning to check out the coffee.  We had "Chai Bombs" - I think they were chai lattes with espresso, pretty good - with a slice of pumpkin bread and a cinnamon roll that was fresh from the oven.  A lovely way to start the morning!  I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Urbana...what better place to fulfill both my caffeine- and alcohol-related needs?
4	Took a few housemates to the complimentary Friday night wine tasting.  Extremely good way to enjoy new wines.  The super cute wine rep/pour guy, Chris, was so awesome; he made me wish I was a gay man so I could have a crush on him.We began with an Italian proseco.  My flavor description was "like white wine and champagne had a baby".  Not a huge fan of whites, but it was really nice, light and tasty.The last taste was of a red, the only domestic wine on the list for tonight.  Fairly decent full body.  Bought a bottle even though it had a screw top.  (I'm only snobbish about: wine should have a CORK!)  I know, endangered cork, but I don't care if it's not real.  It just needs one.  OCD much?  Yes, no thanks, sucks.The only thing not to like about the interior was fake plants.  They have many real, too, so it was kinda odd.  Otherwise a warmly colored, well planned space.   Also have an interesting beer selection, which likely won't go ignored by me for long.I appreciate that the place is dual use- coffee bar by morn and wines at night.  The food looked interesting, but seemed a tad pricey.  Also too expensive were the in-house prices.  About double the charge for what it would cost taking your bottle to go, which seems a bit steep to me.  I'd go again for the tastings, and purchase of a bottle or two that never would've been tried without the Pines.
5	A wine bar with outdoor seating!  And seating that is not in the parking lot, or on a really busy street!  Sweet!!!This is a smaller store that has hand selected wines.  Not overwhelming at all.  I have been in a few times, and while I do not remember the peoples names everyone who has helped me choose wine has been very informed, and gave me many options to choose from.  II also like that they have wines at all price points, but for the most part they are all reasonably priced.  Like under $15!They do a tasting every Friday night, and they even bring the taste to the table for you if there is no room at the bar!  Good snacks and treats, cheeses and olives.  I was also SUPER excited to learn that they have Metropolis coffee!!!  I lived near them in Chicago, and they have the best beans I have ever had.  Nice to see it down here!
5	Stopped by only for the Metropolis Coffee! $12.95 per bag isn't much more than buying it from the Metropolis Coffee Shop in Chicago. Thanks~!
5	I've been looking for a new place to hang and have a place to work away from the office ever since abandoning Cafe Paradiso a few years ago. There have been some contenders (Aroma Cafe, Kopi, a now defunct place near the Courier). But I've finally found it at Wine at the Pines. Good coffee, freshly baked breads, muffins, and scones (haven't tried the empanadas yet, but they look great!) and friendly staff. Love being able to switch from coffee to a beer or a glass of wine later in the afternoon - especially with a great outdoor space away from the street.i want this place to be successful - but hoping that it being "discovered" won't mean crowds!
4	Came here for lunch and coffee.  Can't comment on the wines since I don't drink, but they were nicely displayed and it seems like a nice space for wine tastings.Ordered the hummus with veggies pita and had the veggie pasta salad on the side.  The pasta salad was really good, as was the pita.  My only complaint is that the pita was small and not very filling at all.  I'd suggest coming here for a light lunch; don't expect to feel very satisfied if you're ravenously hungry.  The quiche looked delicious--I think I'll give that a try next time I come here.I also had a chocolate oatmeal cookie (noms) and an almond joy mocha, which was really tasty.  The staff were friendly; my boyfriend and I picked a game from one of their piles and decided to give it a try, and one of the staff (he looked manager-ish) stopped by our table and explained to us how to play (we somehow missed the instruction booklet hidden in the box so had no idea what we were doing).  The girl at the register was also really nice.Overall, it's a nicely decorated, classy looking place.  Very cozy, a nice place to sip a coffee and read a book or chat with a friend.  It was pretty quiet while we were there, although there was a steady stream of customers, and I imagine it would also be a great place to study (probably not during their friday wine-tastings or music performances, but during the day).Aside from the somewhat small food portions, I thought this was a really nice cafe and can't wait to stop by again.  Being able to park in a parking lot (and not having to PAY for parking) is also a nice perk.
5	Fantastic intimate wine shop.  Staff is friendly and happy to help.  A hidden gem in Urbana near Stone Creek.
