4	If I hadn't raved about K & Ka few minutes ago, I would probably be a regular customer here. Of course, this was a few years ago, and I wasn't really well versed in the whole beading/jewelry world (prices, quality, shapes, colors, etc.). It's located in a strip mall on the far west end of town- Durango and Flamingo, and the store is nicely set up. There are strands on the wall, but the more expensive ones  (A+) are in a case in the middle, kinda like at a jewelry store. Closeby there is a demonstration area (tables & chairs) where one could make something here (I'm not sure why, I would prefer doing this at home, but then again I don't have the distraction of little ones at home either). The manager was really nice, and answered all my questions (very knowledgeable). Wholesale license holders get 50% off. I didn't buy, because I wasn't familiar with prices and everything- just doing my research and all. But I've been to some of the other ones in town, and they are in small office space (ie. shoebox) and sometimes the people are really snooty. Anyway, there was a coupon for a strand of free pearls, that was in the Directory (maybe it was the Yellow Book).
5	My daughter runs a bead store for her school project and they were so kind and patient with her.  They also were inexpensive and gave her some pearls with purchase.  We will absolutely come back.  I noticed the customer before me was whole-selling from them, so that might be something to consider.
5	Friendly, helpful, no-rush service from experienced beading staff. Was here 7 years ago when first opened and still enjoyed great prices!
5	I have been looking for some Swarovski crystal beads to put in my captive bead earrings and I thought since I had some free time while in Vegas I would google bead stores. This place came up first I went and the store was huge, had a great selection, the prices were reasonable and the staff was super nice and helpful. I will definitely visit this place again next time I am in Vegas.
5	When I first discovered beading, this store was the closest to me.  It was smaller back then, but had the same friendly staff.  They have now expanded and are twice as big with more selections.  I love coming with a list of items and can usually find them with decent prices, but I also love coming in just to look around.  I never know what I'll find and it's fun coming up with new ideas when I find that string of beads.  This is a good store, with friendly staff and good prices.
5	By far my favorite bead store in Vegas. They are extremely friendly & have the best customer service in town! The prices are so great & I always find something unique and different. I've been to a few other bead stores in Vegas but none of them compare to how wonderful Ernie & his staff are!
4	I remember when this store just opened.  I have since moved and whenever I am in town, I make a beeline for this store.  It has a great selection of seed beads at a good price.  The Firepolish and crystals also share a nice price range.  Staff in there are very pleasant and helpful.  They now have classes and I am sorry I am not closer.  Large area to shop in.
5	The store is really clean and nice. The gentlemen and ladies who work there are quick to help you find what you need. There is a variety of stones, beads, and jewelery making stuff there!
5	My first encounter here, the store was half the size it is today.  They have expanded and the selection of beads and bobbles is vast.  They are always helpful and will to offer their suggestions.I was looking for earring hoops to complete my Christmas gifts and found just what I was looking for.  I love this place.  It's not too far from house, and the prices are decent.  They offer classes, so if you want to learn a new craft, or just simply want to join a group of women sitting around, talking, this place offers that!
4	This may be my new addiction. The staff is very helpful and attentive. I could have spent hours in there. Hopefully, if my schedule allows, I will be able to to take a jewelry class.
5	Came here to get a gift. This place is big, friendly, and organized. Very organized. I don't know much about beads but I could even spend an hour here browsing.
4	next door to my nail lady my kids love to come here to get sh*t to make their pretty things lol its kinda quite like a library make put on some music ITS JUST BEADS!!! still I like them!
5	This place has EVERYTHING you could want if your into beading. I love coming here because it gets my creative juices flowing and sparks a fire in my to start AND FINISH a project. The prices are the LOWEST I have personally found in Las Vegas. They have a huge table of beads that you can choose from and fit as many as you can in a bag for either $2.49 or $4.99. I use that ALL of the time. It's fun when and if you have time to dig. They also have FREE classes!! You are only responsible for buying your supplies for the class and they will give you a list of what you need. Usually it can range from $10 up, depending on what you want your piece to look like. The classes are usually 3 hours and you leave with a beautiful finished piece.The only strange thing about this place is the music playing. Sometimes I feel like I'm in a limbo waiting room and I have to look up from the beads to remember what time era I'm in. It's peaceful though.
5	I have been to probably every bead store in Las Vegas and NO ONE can beat the prices at Discount Beads.   The employees and owners are extremely friendly and very helpful.   I have taken several classes from Terrie and she is an amazing teacher.   Their classes are free as long as you buy your supplies for the project from this store.  Discount Beads cannot be beat.  I drive about 30 miles, each way,  to come here and it is well worth the drive.   I hope to see some of you there one day soon.
5	This store has an impressive collection of beads, from seed beads to minerals. Their Swarovski collection is extensive and reasonably priced. The best thing about Discount Beads is the staff - they are knowledgeable, friendly, and always make me feel welcome!
5	This place lives up to its name! A very helpful staff, although the were not totally familiar with the store's wholesale policy. But once they figured it out, the great prices were lowered even more. Definitely the place for Swarovski at a good price!
5	Jewelry making classes, Swarovski crystals, walls of beds, gems and minerals. Gosh, I had no idea what I was getting into when I wandered in. I am completely green at jewelry making but I found a tiny sculpture during my thrifting, that I am set on turning into a necklace. So, I wandered in and was in awe. There's a lot more than I ever could imagine, so I processed it all & wandered around for an hour, just looking at everything. The staff were beyond helpful & knowledgable. The prices seemed very reasonable. I may just be hooked on jewelry making. The bonus? They have free classes (you buy the materials) and their experienced staff teach and assist in making pieces of jewelry & beading. So great!
5	A girlfriend and I took a beginning beading class and the instructor was great! They have a great selection and are reasonably priced. I am hooked on jewelry making!
5	What a wonderful store with wonderful staff.
5	Best bead store in town!!!  They have everything you need if making your own jewelry or if your selling on your own!!  Ernie the owner is awesome!! Always eager to help and of course a plethora of knowledge on all thinks Rocks and Minerals!!  We prefer natural stone over man made!! Don't worry they do have an AMAZING selection of Swarovski Brand Crystals!! Of course acrylic beads, metal, acrylic, and and and and and. I know Selection.  Also, the staff is super friendly and very helpful!!  What else could you want. Wait did I mention free classes. Yep just got better. So, yes I LOVE this place so clean, organized, and friendly!! Need I say more oh yes I do. Open EVERYDAY 10-6 BOOM!!
5	Love this store.  Can't beat the prices & selections!
