4	After going for a family meal here recently, I would certainly go back. The food and service was brilliant! The Britannia Spice Restaurant is situated just on the corner of Commercial Street. When inside, the restaurant is quite spacious and its interior certainly is influenced by the nautical history of Leith, with ships galore, memorabilia on the walls and it even has a ship's wheel! So, you're satisfied by the decor, but what about the food? Well, the food certainly beats the decor am afraid. The portions are generous and we did not have to wait long to get our starters and then our main courses. The starters were tasty with the pakora and samosas going down a treat! The tikka masala and jaipuri were bursting full of flavours, while the nan bread was ideal. The service was top notch even though the restaurant was quite busy, not full, but still busy enough to keep the staff on their toes. A great place to eat in Leith!
4	This classy Indian restaurant has a great reputation throughout Edinburgh for better than average cuisine of a spicy nature, so after a strenuous (!) afternoon of shopping at the nearby Ocean Terminal shopping centre, my mother and I decided this was definitely the moment for a curry with matching, tasty nan bread.As my mother and I are both pretty indecisive people when it comes to choosing anything from a menu that has more than one thing on it, the helpful waiter chap recommended quite a few dishes for us. We went for the Murgh Masallam and actually, I think the other dish was a good old Tikka Masala, which I know is a pretty unadventurous dish to go for, but it tasted so good. Add some garlic nan bread and pilau rice, and you have yourself one awesome meal.Aptly, being near the water and the Royal Yacht Britania, the restaurant's interior is very nautical, with a lot of blue and sail decoration on the go, so you do feel like you could be eating in someone's large yacht. I should also add that not only does Britannia Spice offer Indian food, it also has a range of Bangladeshi, Nepali and Thai cuisine on the menu.
4	Britannia Spice is the place to come for Indian food that is definitely a cut above your average curry house, at above average prices as well.  When I came with some friends we were well impressed by our meals, and found that although the menu boasted a bewildering array of different dishes, of the selection we tried everything was extremely tasty, indicating that they've not been over-ambitious in offering food from such varied geographical areas, from Nepal to Thailand.However, somehow I can't recommend the atmosphere of this large restaurant, perhaps because, with its nautical theme, it's so overtly aimed at tourists who've just visited the nearby Royal Yacht Britannia.  I kind of felt sorry for the waiters for having to wear absurd sailor costumes, while the overall vibe is of an astute money-making franchise rather than of a friendly family-run business.The quality of food just about makes up for this defect though.
4	Generally, there are two (mutually exclusive) indications that a restaurant's food is not going to be that great: an over-the-top theme, and location within walking distance of a major tourist attraction. However, I am happy to note that Britannia Spice is the exception to the stereotype. The food here is really good: flavorful, fresh, and not compromised for Western palates. I also love that dishes can be ordered in both side-dish and entree portions, which lets individual diners have some variety if dining alone or in a group that's not eating family-style (shared dishes). My partner and I especially liked the Mushroom Bhajee and Mughlai Vegetables. Service was a little formal and stiff for my tastes, but the servers are very kind and try extra hard to ensure a nice dining experience. I would have liked to see more exotic offerings for dessert (not being able to finish off an Indian meal without gulab jamun for dessert is practically heresy!), but outside of that, our dinner at Britannia Spice was practically perfect.
3	I've definitely got reservations about Britannia Spice. The food, while pleasant (more than pleasant)... I just don't remember thinking I was blown away. I had the prawn puri, a nice touch in that you could see what ingredients were involved whereas in some restaurants it's a smooth sauce with an odd colour to it (not that the colour detracts), and it was a generous portion of prawns inside the puri. The Silent Reviewer had the mixed kebabs, which he greatly enjoyed. My main was a huge selection of tandoori vegetables - with a little kick at the end. I don't usually pick the tandoori option, but I didn't feel particularly overawed by the vegetables - grilled vegetables are lovely, but the marinade hadn't infused the vegetables, just sort of slid into any nook or cranny available (bit hard on a tomato). We also shared a side of chana masala, it seems the Silent Reviewer is picking up my little love of chickpeas, as well as a garlic naan and some rice. We definitely had leftovers! I keep wanting to use the word pleasant, because it was and if it wasn't for the service, I may have been more inclined to go back. The Silent Reviewer certainly wants to. Now the problem I have is that from the moment we sat down, any question was directed to the Silent Reviewer. 'Are you ready to order drinks, Sir', 'Are you ready to order now, Sir'. Apart from pulling out a chair for me to sit down, I felt like I had turned into the Silent Diner. When the check came, it was placed on the table then moved to a jaunty angle, in order to face 'Sir'. Too bad Madam was paying. Now, I'm all for manners and being polite, but I didn't feel it was polite, I felt slighted, as the only time I was acknowledged was at the end of the meal when I walked out and the door was opened for me (subsequently for the Silent Reviewer as well). Especially as I was actually paying for the meal, I would have preferred the service we had from the gentlemen at Britannia Spice to have checked rather than assume that the male of the party was paying. It left me fuming in all of my feminist glory. For that, I don't want to go back and it will take some effort for the Silent Reviewer to persuade me otherwise. Am cool to be called a Madam and not own a brothel on the sly, but wouldn't mind a little bit more equal rights thrown into the mix when I am out on the town.
4	Britannia Spice is a great Indian restaurant and takeaway. As we live nearby we had previously been given a 15% discount card which is a great incentive to re-visit.We went for dinner on Saturday night before the cinema and the staff were polite and friendly as ever. Each time a waiter comes to your table it is a different person which can be a bit odd but they are always nice.On this visit i had the Thai Sesame Chicken which was delicious, so full of flavour. We also shared a garlic naan, chipati and poppadums. All very tasty.When we asked for our bill i showed our discount card and then a waiter (who appeared to be more senior) came over and offered us a free whisky each as we were local which i thought was a really nice touch. We politely declined and as he held the door open as we were leaving he told us to remind him next time and he will give us free whisky.
3	The lamb chop starter is the best tasting starter I have ever tried at an Indian restaurant!
4	The food was lovely. We went on a Monday night and it was empty so felt a bit weird as the waiters were all just stood about looking bored and waiting to take our plates away. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, generous portions, friendly staff and reasonably priced dishes.
5	Cool staff! I am not a lamb lover but the curried lamb chops here were AMAZING! Also had MURGH CHANDI TIKKA which is Cubes of chicken, marinated with spices and herbs, roasted and served with a special sauce. Very good!This is worth a try! Very good food!
