5	Called Manny today at 3:00 and caught him finishing up a job.  I needed a water heater installed and I had exhausted my limited handyman abilities.  Manny said he could be here in an hour and he arrived exactly one hour later.  He had quoted me a flat charge of $150 for labor on the phone.  He upgraded the drain, installed two new dielectric nipples and told me that he did not allow for replacing an electrical outlet and re-plumbing the hot water recirculation pump due to a different outlet location on the new water heater.  He asked if an additional $40 would be OK.  It seemed totally fair to me.Prompt...Reasonable prices..Good communication and most of all  HONEST..We have the trifecta and Manny will get my future plumbing repair business-guaranteed.  By the way, he is a licensed AC technician, also.
5	Manny showed up with his partner within the hour to fix my broken AC unit.  I was afraid the entire thing had blown but he said it was most likely the capacitor and he could fix that right now for $120.  30 min later, AC blowing cold air and the day was saved.  Great service, nice guy, fair and honest.  Highly recommend.
5	For an honest, good and prompt repair of your plumbing problems, I highly recommend Manny.  He arrived in 2 hours and quickly fixed the leak. The other companies' estimates were based upon the maximum distance for the repair.  Manny's reasonable estimate was based upon shorter footage based on his practical experience.  We will use his services for any future plumbing problems.
5	I would recommend Manuel to anyone. He is a great plumber. He is very reasonable, very skilled, honest and fast. He has worked on several projects for me at several houses and has done a wonderful job every time. He is prompt to respond to emergencies and is available when you need him. Two thumbs up!
5	Can't say enough great things about manny....he is amazing.  He was here within 35 mins of me calling him.  He fixed my toilet.totally reasonable. Then on to the ac...my upstairs unit was put and I was getting hot...he bet the price by 200 dollars of another company.  He was so nice , honest, and I had just a really great experience.  I would absolutely to anyone.he is amazing!!!!!! Thanks manny...
5	Manny was great!! On time & toilet was fixed right the first time!!Price was very reasonable too!! I would highly recommend him.Thanks Manny!!!
5	I had a mystery leak so i called Manny. He showed up on-time and was very friendly in showing me what/where the problem was. He quoted me a very reasonable price to replace the outside main line. I checked and he had the best price. Before back-filling, he invited me to review his work and showed me that it was repaired correctly. The guy is honest, dependable and does great work. I highly recommend him.
