3	***This casino gift shop in the Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian is convenient but probably overpriced when compared to the Vegas pharmacies (including the one right at the base of The Palazzo)***Despite the store's name and location (located alongside several of the high-end Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian), this is a pretty standard casino convenience store with touristy souvenirs, snacks, candy, cold drinks, and toiletries.While the store was run of the mill, the service was pleasant and friendly.  I did not check many of the prices, but a bottle of orange juice was $2.50.  That same bottle goes for probably $1.75 in most convenience stores or gas stations so I guess the price up (considering it is Las Vegas) is not that bad.Parking is free, but this shop is really only for those who find themselves at The Palazzo or The Venetian and in need of something they forgot or a refreshment.
3	This is a souvenir shop located inside the Venetian Grand Canal Shoppes. Its directly across from TAO and next to It's Sugar candy store. This is a big shop with lots to offer, but the prices may be a bit higher than other places. They do have magnets, key chains, and shot glasses, all the sourvenir touristy items. They also have 2 waters for $5 which is a deal inside a casino. Otherwise, you can stop by Walgreens right outside at the end of the Venetian and get the convenience store stuff there. I would definitely skip this place if I know about the Walgreens! I do know about the Walgreens, therefore I didn't buy anything in here.
3	This little store in the middle of Mile Mall has a lot of Las Vegas souvenirs. The store is close to the ABC store and has a good selection of kids clothing and a small selection of pet apparel.I was on the hunt for blue dice and Las Vegas T-shirts for my fur kids. The store had one style of dog T-shirt with a cute Las Vegas theme. They also had a variety of Las Vegas theme bandannas. The bandannas are very large and would not fit my small Yorkies. On the other hand, the Las Vegas dog T-shirts fit only small dogs and were a perfect purchase for my two small Yorkies.The store also has a large selection of child's clothing. I saw a lot of kids Las Vegas theme T-shirts, bibs, toys, onesies etc.I also found a variety of blue dice and a few Las Vegas magnets. I recommend anyone needing Las Vegas themed pet clothing or kids pet clothing to stop by the store the next time you're in town.
