3	The deep tissue massage I had was okay.  My masseuse was able to go really deep and hard, but the only thing that made the treatment uncomfortable was that one of his thumb nails was long. As he pressed deep into my skin, it would scratch it, making the experience not a relaxed and calming experience I would have wanted. The facility is adequate. The fitness facility has free weights and cardio machines. No bottle water in the fitness facility though. but it is available in the men's lounge. The sauna, hot tub,and steam bath are located in a central area.  The hot tub is small though, but the steam room is quite large, which compensates for it.Overall, for the price, you get what you pay for. But if you want a more grand experience, then I would go to a different one.
2	IT's small, they gave me wet sandals, lighting's meh. My facial was great ! My only complaint was the size of the facility and the overall look. I'd go back to Luxor's spa instead.
3	As long as you know what to expect from this place, you won't be disappointed. This is NOT one of those cushy, luxurious resort spas that you would find in many of the nicer strip hotels. If you are looking for the type of spa to really relax and spend the day in, this is not the spot for you. What you can expect is a fairly clean and newly updated facility that reminds me more of the locker room at my gym. There is a locker area, vanity room, waiting area, hot tub, sauna, steam room, and showers, that's about it. As for the amenities, again, this is more like a gym locker room than a spa. They have towels and the vanity area has a very basic selection of products (hair brushes, hairspray, gel, deodorant, mouthwash, body lotion) but they do not have other essentials like razors or plastic bags for your wet swimsuit. I had planned on spending a few hours in the spa but soon realized that there is just not enough to enjoy in this spa other than my treatment. The wet area has two lounge chairs which was sufficient since I was the only person in the spa on this particular day, which was mid-week, but I can imagine that if it was any busier you may not have any place to sit and relax other than the waiting area. As for my treatment, it was amazing!!! I had a 50 minute Swedish massage and the therapist was great. It may have been one of the best massages I've ever had. My only complaint is that I didn't get the 80 minute massage; 50 minutes seems like a long time but it flies by when you are in bliss. Unfortunately, my BF also had the same massage but he was not as thrilled with his therapist. All in all, this place is not bad if you are only concerned with your treatment. They have some great mid-week prices. I paid $90 ($108 including the mandatory 20% gratuity- they call it a service charge) for a 50 minute massage, which is about $30-$50 less than other spas on the strip. If you are looking for the complete spa experience I would fork out the extra money at one of the better hotels.
1	Don't even bother.  To make an appointment, went through several layers of automated menus and ads, finally got through and put on hold, eventually answered asked me to call back later - they were busy.  I declined, he took my number to call me back, but never did.  I then easily booked an appointment elsewhere!
2	Ok so I had such a mixed experience today.. My sister and I got a facial and a massage today. The message was AMAZING with Cece.. I used to work for a huge spa in the bay are and she is truly top notch!!!! The facial was ok to not good at all.. My BIGGEST pet peve is when an esthetician leaves the room when they have the mask on and tell you"I'm going to give you 10 min to relax while the mask is on". I'm not paying top dollar for you to leave me In a cold room with an interrogation light shining straight in my eye. The estetician was very sweet but totally inexperienced:( I have gotten better facials at the local beauty school to be honest for $12. So paying as much as I did, I expected much more.. She massaged my face and shoulders for maybe 5-7 min with the aveda stuff that is supposed to open the pores. I really didnt think much about it since i just finished my massage with Cece but if i was just getting a facial, i expect at least a 10 min massage while the mask is setting instead of being left alone. At the spa I used to work for you would get an arm, foot, shoulder and scalp massage for the same price and the esthetician never left your side for the 50 min she was with you.. (Food for thought Management)  Another observation I made, I could hardly feel the steam at all. I even had to look up every so often to see if it was on.. Not sure if this is because the room was so cold or what.. All in all, the stars are for Cece and her massage:) if I could give her 5 stars, I totally would..
4	My younger sister and I were staying at the excalibur which we all know if is not the best hotel y far on the strip. One morning I went to check out the spa and gym and was pleasantly surprised. I know that the spa's at other hotels are probably mind blowing but to us this spa was actually really great. The attendants were really great and friendly. We had 2 25 minute swedish massages at 10 in the morning so we got the early bird special. We also used the Gym which was not as big as a gym back home but surly had much better equipment and has the view of the pool. What I really enjoyed was the vanity room and the hot tub. The Hot tub room is so relaxing and the vanity room had everything we needed to get ready and more. I can absolutely say that I will be back to the spa. Not so sure about  the Hotel. :)
