2	I booked with Xclusive Vegas Limos for my sister's bachelorette party. The only reason I'm giving this business 2 stars instead of 1 is because the driver that picked us up, Albert, was very nice and punctual. Joey however, who is the contact person on their website, was very difficult to work with once it was time for pickup. Albert told me to give Joey 15 minutes notice before we were ready to go, so that is what I had planned on doing. I thought that was awesome given that once you are at a club, you are never really sure when you are ready to go.I got a text from a 702 number at 1:00 AM saying "How are we doing?". I had no idea who it was and didn't see the text until almost 2. I then saw another text saying to be outside at 2:30. The bride was not ready so I asked if we could do it later. He said no because he had a 3:00 and a 3:30. So I said 4. He said no. I asked why and he never wanted to answer. I assume he had other plans or wanted to go home. Either way, I begged for him to pick us up later because my sister was enjoying one of the biggest nights of her life but Joey was not flexible and basically told us to find a ride home and offered us a refund. I spent the last half hour of my time at the club arguing with Joey and it ruined my night.If I knew when we were dropped off that there was a cuttoff time or that he needed a specific hour to do the pickup I would have scheduled it for later but Albert never said that. Even though the price was decent, I'll never use them again b/c of the attitude I got from Joey. If you choose to use this company, get everything in writing, and pay only half of the money to the first driver b/c you never know if they'll come back to pick you up.
5	Hitting these guys up was the best decision I made all weekend in Vegas.  Joey treated us great, was low-key, and was a grade-A party facilitator.  If you want to just ride around and party in style, this is the way to go.  Good rates if you pay in cash.  The stretched H2 had a great sound system, too!
4	Had a great time on my birthday! We were rockin' out like rapstars. AWESOME service, great time. Highly recommended. Thanks!
