4	This Wolfman location was my first, hopefully of many, visits to the small chain. I'm so accustomed to the pizza/bar setup with good food, kitschy interior, massive TVs with ESPN streaming and an overt amount of sprinting youths. This location feels more like a quick service pizza joint with service at the tables, draught beer, and an open kitchen. Made it in for a late Sunday lunch and had a great time. Cozy booths line the wall, big cushy stools at the bar, and fun decor abounds. We grabbed a big booth for the two of us. The menu is printed like a newspaper and makes for a memorable read-through. Tons of sandwiches, pastas, pizzas, and all of the usual suspects for apps. We started with some "Styx." Breadsticks with sundried tomato pesto, marinara, and creamy artichoke dip. All dips were spot on, the sticks were seasoned heavily, but balanced, and they certainly didn't last long. 6 comes in an order and is a perfect serving for two. Our server was very gracious with our vegan order, too. We ordered the veggie pizza with no cheese and also a buffalo chicken....with no chicken or the typical cheeses. Nothing of note for the meat-eater/dairy-lover, but was rather fulfilling for us. It's rather pleasant to visit a restaurant that doesn't balk at a diet-specific order and is rather generous with the time and consideration. Very humbling. The crust is fantastic and I'd imagine is equally notable for other pies. Prices are fair and definitely worth their weight. I'm looking forward to visiting this location or one of the others around town soon. Cheers, Wolfman!
4	I really like the changes and new location within the shopping center. Seriously delicious pizzas and good service. Much smaller space than the original, but I like that it's not so "sports bar" oriented. A few booths, some bar seating, and a more modern interior. When we went, it had only been open a few days, so they were working out some kinks. I hope that the patrons of the previous location flock back in. Back when I was eating meat, I remember loving the Cheeseburger Cheeseburger pizza. So good. The salads are also top notch. I saw a couple of local beers on draught...always something I appreciate.All in all, for good pizza and a pleasant atmosphere, this place wins. I hope they do well in the new space!
4	Very Good Pizza with POOR Dessert options!  Brand New or Newly Remodeled!   Since I do not Read Menus well they gave me a "Silver Bulletine"  Newspaper about Happenings with Warewoofs!  If you are a Warewoof someone is hunting you and I would watch it!  OK this was mostly a Menu which was harder to understand than the other kind and maybe I'm not real good at reading anythinj other than Pictures and some GREAT Reviews on yelp, the ones written by Friends (someones Friends, right).  You KNOW I LOVE YOU!!!Who ever though of "Build Your Own" must have known someone like me... Except I usually have CHEESE, Tomato Sauce and Crust... If a plain Cheese Pizza is Good, then......  Since I have eaten this Pizza in other places I knew it was good...Fresh Basil (turned out Crunchy, still very Good) Red Onion, Sausage, Normal Pizza Sauce (just like I remember and Very Good)... Until last night It has been years since I have had a PIE for the Woofman.Dessert...Hummmm, How do I word this?  S'mores Pizza... Before I say Two and a Half yelp stars, I'll call it a Poor Dessert to Bare the name S'mores!!!  NOTE to the Owners***  On this Dessert and on your Dessert one person is saying right here..."Go back to the Drawing Board" or, OR Ignore me... I'll still eat your Pizza and go somewhere else for Dessert!  I'm NOT mad... This is a NOTE to help YOU! Woof!  I'll go somewhere and learn to use spellject!Appetizers? Hummm... Last Night I was HUNGRY and really wanted something, Appetizer or two before the Pizza... Instead of making a second note to the owners, I'll ask someone else to make some CREATIVE and Delicius Pre-Meal options, ideas so the Woofman can eat the competition, not that he could not anyway (being a Woof)... Pretzels come to mind!  Thinly Sliced ONION Rings like the Cow Fish Onion Straws.... Something from a Great Horror Movie or an Idea for the Next Horror Movie to come out in the Spring!  Woof... these are the clues: "Hot" Sweet Potato Chips (NOT reheated - Made-to-order) or Zoo-kini (Zucchini) Chips (like at Nolen Kitchen) or how about Bacon Wrapped, Sausage Stuffed Jalapenos with Bacon Marmalade Dipping Sauce!!!Very Good Service!  Most of the Servers are VERY Good with Children...They took GREAT Care of me!!! No Way this is a Sports Bar, right? ? ?  Place looks GREAT...Like Chucky Cheese for Adults with a lot of kids too!  Warewoofs photos aretalt over this placet... Serious about the Woofs!  Warhol or Warholesk Woofman Art!  I LIKE it A lot!Ricciocho ask me to catch a Coyote pup so he could "Raise it as a Dog"... I told him "It does NOT work that way"!
5	Been here a bunch of times at this point. Food is fantastic. Only bummer is dessert menu stinks.
4	Last night by a (nearly) full moon, we decided to sink our teeth into some Wolfman Pizza, and I'm glad we did. The menu was inventive, the service uber-friendly, and the experience made all the more poignant given the Dominos two doors down. - We had the Blue Moo (which was on monthly special) and it would have been worth it even if not. - The place has a cool look and vibe.- The service (as stated) was very welcoming and friendly.Overall, the crust is a little thicker than I normally choose, but the originality made up for that.
4	I am new to the Charlotte area and I wanted really good pizza. I searched on yelp and almost went some where else but based on these reviews I want to wolf man pizza and I'm happy I did! I ordered the month special and it was good! Good flavor, sauce and amount of toppings. Just disappointed I didn't order the largest size so I could have leftovers for the next day! I will be coming back and will refer my friends and family.
5	Had the veggie pizza.. and added bacon! Best pizza I have ever had, crust was superb!
5	Delicious pizza. I recommend the Styx with the dips.  I wish they would go back to having beer specials, but it is nice that they have all local beers on tap for $4.50 when the rest of the city charges more. Very happy otherwise and the staff was excellent
5	Awesome pizza! Me and my boyfriend both loved the crust! I was obsessed with my Bella pizza, the veggies were fresh and delicious! The cheese was a creamy incredible blend! My boyfriends five meat was loaded with his fav meats! Great options for the vegetarians and the meat eaters!
5	Great Pizza and Even better service. It's so nice to visit a restaurant that has both to offer!
