2	A weird and unusual craving happened last night...one that I haven't experienced in years... for chinese food.We phoned Wok du chef and ordered: spicy peanut noodles with chicken, wonton soup, egg rolls and sesame beef.The spicy peanut noodles were not even close to spicy and the chicken was rubbery.  Same consistency for the beef.  Wontons were fine but the broth was way too condensed.  Egg rolls were good.Andthe delivery person was really rude even though we were waiting for him and gave a good tip.Not cool for the food.
4	Dropped in there with some family who live in the area.  We had 4 young kids in tow AND  a new born.  We were seated promptly, got our orders in and the food started arriving shortly there after.  Any parent knows that getting kids fed early in the dinning experience is a must.  The Vietnamese Spring Rolls (cold) and Fried Wontons kept us satisfied till the main courses arrived.The Chinese style dishes were better than the Thai ones but all in all quite good.  Spicy dishes were not too spicy but the flavour was nice.Had the Fried banana's and Apples for Dessert.  The bananas were the best and our three year old ate almost the whole order.
4	Take out was fast! Great food and awesome fried banana for dessert.
4	Arrived there with a bunch of 7 peoples. Eventough the restaurant was crowded, they have been able to accomodate us with a table fast. The service have been fast, the food tasty for everyone. What surprized me in my dish (Spicy thai beef). The beef wasn't overcooked and the vegetables were still crunchy, which is often a sign of quality.
2	I considered giving 1 star to this restaurant based on the food, but to be fair, the service was good and the setting looked pretty nice and clean, hence the two stars. I ordered the pork dumpling as a starter, which came covered with sweet peanut sauce. I had never seen that before! Still, we tried it, but did not like it and we put the plate aside. The waiter asked if there was something wrong, and when we said we simply did not like it, he offered rolls instead. No more spring rolls, so we had the fried imperial rolls. I felt like I had to eat it all because he was nice enough to change the starter we did not like, but in other circumstances, I would not have eaten all of it because it was too greasy for my taste. My main course was chicken with peanut sauce and crispy spinach. Too sweet, too heavy... did not finish my plate. Too bad. I'm not going back.
5	I was long boarding around looking for some take out, came across the wok du chef. Right after 10pm placed my order and got it in about 5 minutes, in and out! Took my a while to get home, didn't start eating after a couple hours, food still hot and fresh. Noodles super delicious and the fried rice taste great too. Saw on their board they've been around for over 20 years. You can tell, it's exactly what I want in Chinese take out!
2	Had fried tofu, fried pork, peanut butter dumplings and eggplant. The fried foods were dry and tough. Pretty much every dish here can be found in a much better version elsewhere in Montreal. Only try this if you're desperate for Chinese. (The pickings are admittedly slim in this neighbourhood.)
