2	This place is OPEN. We had our pics done today. Been here once before for family christmas photos, it was OK then but a little expensive, and they've gotten more expensive since then. $90+ after tax for 8 sheets, and that doesn't include a CD with the JPGs. The girl completely jacked up the first twenty or so photos - she didn't have the lighting done properly so all the best shots of our session turned out too dark! It was a digital camera - is there ANY good reason at all that we couldn't see each photo on screen a second after it was taken so we knew that it was stuffed up? No, we found out later when going through the "discard pile" on the computer with an admittedly very helpful Michelle. I'm also not particularly impressed with the photo borders they have on offer. A little too expensive for what you get, but the lack of photographic competency is inexcusable and we had to settle for second-choice pics since there's no way I was going to come back and do over again - wearing a collared shirt once a year is way enough for me thanks. Also, for some strange reason they kept calling my wife over the last week, like three or four times, leaving voicemails etc confirming our appointment and wanting to talk about "seating". My wife returned two of the calls, the second time she was like "what the hell is so important that you guys keep calling me??" The woman was like "Um, I don't really know.. you're the only guys in at that time slot and there doesn't look like there's a problem?!" Seriously, WTF. Plus, we have to wait a week for our pics. I have an SLR and a 50mm prime. Next time, I'll stage and take the photos myself and have Walgreens whip them out in an hour. CHEAPER. And I'll "own" my own photos. And *MY* props will be able to make my toddler smile.
1	I would not go to them ever again. We have twin 18 month olds. they missed so many opportunities for candid pictures because they were so concerned with getting the one perfect picture. they also were way behind in appointments which made that window of opportunity with toddlers dwindle quickly because they under-staff and overbook. after an hour we were presented with 6 horrible shots. also their prices are insane. I highly recommend going to Pictureme studios instead. they are better priced and do an amazing job.
