4	I eat here a couple of times a month. The food is fresh and tasty.  I believe this is one of the best Oriental Buffets in Las Vegas. If, you have one that is better than this, let me know.The atmosphere is modern and clean... music is played at a comfortable level.The price includes a drink .. they have all kinds of drinks:Soft DrinksTeaThai TeaCoffee and more.
3	Well, not so good news about this restaurant, this visit:The Restaurant Management has changed and I've definitely noticed a change in the quality of service. The service was friendly but very little follow-up.Since the management compensated me with a future discount, I won't go into the detail, I normally would. I'll give them another try and hopefully, they just had a bad day.The food is still good; they have a sign out front that says, "No MSG."  Please update us all on your experience with the Lucky Star Buffet.
1	I took my kids there for dinner and we were all disgusted! First of all they require that you pay as soon as you walk in the door. Now I know why! The sushi was the worst part. It was dry and old. Looked like it had been sitting there all day. The rice they use is very sour and tastes like too much vinegar. Many of the other dished looked old as well. WE WILL NEVER GO BACK THERE AGAIN!!! We are all praying that we don't get food poisoning tonight!
2	YUCK!  This place was awful.  Food wasn't fresh, sushi looked like it had been sitting there for awhile, and from the way the seafood looked I didn't trust to eat it.  Its getting two stars because the service was great, drinks were always full.  However all the food was pretty disgusting.  I think I could of cooked it better and I don't even know how to cook chinese.  Save yourself a trip and avoid this place.
2	Nothing special. Over priced.
1	I called the Health Department as this place needs a lesson in Sanitation 101. And the gang graffiti in the bathrooms is nice to read while you choke over the sewer smell. But the Mongolian grill is good, once you figure out how to get your plate to the guy on the teeny tiny grill behind the massive walls of plexiglass. Go slow on your drinks as refills are rare, and oh yeah, the Health Department "A" paper on the front door is from 2010. My advice to you: FLEE. Your wallet and stomach will thank you.
1	If I could give this place no stars, I would. The food was less than pleasant. On a tour with my family and our tour guide brought us here...never again. Next time, I'll make sure to eat at the Panera across the street instead. The food was sub par and even the fruits weren't fresh. The waiters were impatient and the restaurant needs a good cleaning for sanitation reasons. It was cheap, yes. I still wouldn't say it was worth it though.
4	I was in the area and thought I'd try this place.  I actually liked it.  I found all the food fresh, well cooked, nicely presented, clean well lit and the service was good and constantly kept refilling my drink and removing plates when I was finished.  The shrimp was cooked properly, the Spice Sour Soup was good, fresh and heated properly.  I ate several dishes and all were better than I thought they would be.  I don't know about the past history of this place, but I can't see what others complained about.  I did not go into the bathroom, so I can't comment on it.  Sometimes I think people just have a chip on their shoulder and expect 5 Star Resturants in a Buffet.  All I know is, I would eat here again and will go back.  The cashier gave me a card where you have them initial your visit and get a free meal when the card is full and gave me two visits for my one visit.  Like I said, I don't know about the past history but this was a good place to eat when I visited.
1	Low quality food and bad service.Sushi looked like it had sat there for a while, one sign of that was that the avocado top on one of the rolls was brown. Other food was bland. We sat with empty drinks for at least 15 minutes - and that was after we had asked for a refill. When we got our drinks back, my glass was half full and my husband's 3/4?????? There seemed to be only one waiter for the whole restaurant with the cashier jumping in to give out half glasses of soda.definitely not worth the $25.
1	If I could give this no stars, I would.  We arrived about a half an hour after the buffet opened, and it was apparent that the food was left over from the day before.  Most dishes were only half-full... and there was NO ONE there... which suggests that the food was old.  Boy, it tasted like it too.  Chewy meat, gentle bread with raw dough inside, egg drop soup that was the consistency of slime... I'll be lucky to not get sick.  The place was filty, and our waitress was about five years old.  Not kidding.  She had an apron on and kept taking our plates and bringing us water.  Aren't there laws against that sort of thing?
1	this place is a fat joke!!!! first of all they serve pizza and French fries.....it's a Chinese buffet!! wtf?! the bf and I went at around 230 for a late lunch and everything was dry and crisp from sitting out so long under the hot lamps...the soup bowls are tossed into an area without any organization, the plates and cups were nasty, the first thing I told my bf was "I feel like there should be a rat running around". haha he told me to at lease try the food so I quit complaining for a bit then he starts mentioning how the place is just gross. the fried rice was crunchy, the sushi was a joke, everything was bland, and when we got there a salmon dish and some kind of mussel dish was empty till we left, not that I would've tried it. I stuck to just the chicken entrees. You're better off going to panda express. noooo joke! I'm so calling the health department on this place. I took major pics.
1	Very poor quality food. The food tasted old and there was very little to chose from. However, the staff was very friendly.
1	You have got to be kidding me? Can't I leave a minus one star?! Ok, I went a few times when this place was under other names China star, Lucky Star and it was never great but passable in a pinch. I thought I'd try it with the new management it got worse not better. This new place should be called "Eat here and you'll be seeing stars". They were lucky in as I had a busy day and just didn't care anymore so they got us poor victims. The door and kick plates were filthy, I let it slide its hard to keep windows clean constantly in a restaurant. Almost no one was there, it was dinner time around 6pm or so. Another red flag was all missed out on due to exhaustion.Now please note:  I make an effort to have all reviews honest and factual. I have an interest in being fair and would never just bash a company to be vindictive or cruel. I understand restaurant owners and staff make their living this way. This place was truly this bad, I am not telling tall tales here... it was appalling. Seeing how it was THAT BAD, forgive me if I become a bit sarcastic. The food was sparse  and cooked in very small portions because they obviously weren't expecting many customers. There were fried plantains that looked like they scoffed them from a crazed monkey at the zoo, dried up old chicken, old fish, some other chicken that looked suspect for various reasons, beef and broccoli, mushrooms, soups etc. The Won Ton soup had no won tons... um OK... So we just got Mongolian made. The sign says to ring the bell and a Mongolian chef will come out and cook your food. Ding ..Ding... waiting.... Ding. Ding.. more waiting.... No one came. Meanwhile I see two of the waist staff walk by with no concern at all. After I went back and rang the bell again and no one came in a few minutes one of them finally noticed we were waiting for Mongolian not a solar eclipse. So over comes this guy with a dirty apron who obviously isn't a chef but possibly a maintenance man or car mechanic...  he was polite enough and made the Mongolian which was lousy by the way.  The plexiglass they have in front of the cooking station is disgustingly scratched and filthy, the frame to it had grease so thick it could have possibly be used to slick 300 men's pompadours from the VLV Rockabilly convention.   After I noticed that my skin started to crawl a bit. I could barely eat anything, I think I ended up eating mostly garlic toast and white rice just to have something to eat. Yes this Chinese place serves pizza ,apple pie, ice cream, garlic toast ( you know the frozen kind) and french fries. All very low grade freezer junk. And I guess I was brave because I went to the ladies room.A bacteria palace with a bad paint job. Also please note drinks are no longer included. They were sneaky about it and tried to make it seem they were, wait staff were terrible. Saw someone from the kitchen playing on his phone in greasy clothes with dirty hands on the way out. Thank God we didn't get bad food poisoning although we did have some stomach issues and didn't feel too great after wards. I would seriously avoid this place like the plague. Or refer to sworn enemies only.
1	This place was horrible. Do not go here.
