1	Unless you like to live in a roach infested apartment complex, steer freaking clear of this place!I don't care how helpful the staff isI don't care how beautiful the pools areI don't care that they have free wifi for all their tenantsI do however, really care if I have to live with roaches.  This place was my living nightmare.  I dealt with it for about 4 months, and then, finally, the problem was resolved.  I think I was down at the office about 1 a week to complain and set request spraying.  The problem probably wasn't the management as much as it was the college kids with the wall of empty beer boxes separating their living room into two such rooms.. But still.  It makes me frustrated to even think about it.I will say this about the staff though.. They tried and tried for four straight months to correct the problem, and they posted all kinds of notices to inspect our apartments, AND, they even evicted a tenant or two..  So, in all fairness, they really did try....So what should you do now?  Buy a house!  Thank goodness I have control of what happens in these walls. :)
1	My son in law to be and his bride rented an apartment before the wedding, the first week he was there he was eaten alive by BEDBUGS. The management was unprofessional and uncaring, and blamed him for bringing them. It was funny he moved straight from his parents home and NEVER had them. They sprayed, and he was put out again , after a few days he was bitten AGAIN. The managements passive attitudes and negligence, and failure to help, refund, compensate my family for weeks of inconvieniance is unspeakable. BEDBUGS INFESTATION AT THESE APARTMENTS. DON'T RENT HERE!
1	My mother wrote a review that was incredibly spot on on how Lucera treated my husband and the issue on the bed bugs. Lucera then lied in another comment saying they were prompt in helping the situation, which is extremely untrue. If they had done so, we would still be living there instead of paying for Arizona tenant association to get out of our lease with a clean break. These guys are liars, and blamed my husband for their mistake. I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. Its been about a year since all of this happened and we stand by trying to help people get into a better living situation and not wasting time with these liars. PLEASE LOOK ELSEWHERE!!!! disgusting.
2	Oh Lucera.  I wanted so badly to like you....This complex is INCREDIBLY MINDBLOWINGLY LOUD.  The window's are single-paned, and poorly sealed, so you hear absolutely everyone and everything.  I'm on the third story and can tell you what's going on in the lives of every dog walker.  I can tell you which neighbors are having relationship problems.  I can tell you the landscaper is fed up with his hours, and thinks that alimony is a bunch of bs.  Why must I know these things??The loudness is compounded with the free-for-all landscaping.  The landscapers are on no particular schedule, and it is not humanly possible to sleep through their visits.  Sometimes it's 7am.  Some days it's noon.  As a person who works nights, I can tell you I haven't slept a full night since living here, and it's really starting to affect my mood and productivity.  And now they're renovating the pool, so we have construction workers and heavy equipment here on random weekdays, too.  Oh joy.The sound isn't even my biggest issue.  Since living here, we have NEVER ONCE RECEIVED A CORRECT BILL.  Not once.  Rent was wrong.  Tax was wrong.  Utilities were wrong.  Late fees from previous tenants appear and disappear in an enigmatic fashion that not even Carl Sagan could  explain.  One time, the planets aligned just right and they managed to get both the due date and the base rent correct.  On the same bill.  We rejoiced and hung it on the fridge with pride. It may sound like an exaggeration, but the problem is so bad, we've been told to simply ignore our bills, and go into the office before every month to see what fees are really due.  Their billing company is incompetent, and I truly resent that they continue to contract with them at the tenant's expense. In their favor, I will say that Lucera is under new management, and their manager, Davina, is incredibly involved and competent.  She communicates well,  and does her best to address every issue presented, but this place is a trainwreck, and she's only one person.  My issues are not with the office staff directly, but with their lack of standards for those they employ (such as landscaping, maintenance, and billing).  One competent person is not enough to run a show this large, and until they can set a decent standard, I would not recommend this place to anyone.  At least not anyone who enjoys sleep, and doesn't seek out overcharges for recreation.Get it together, Lucera!
