5	Five stars, you ask? Yes. Not one to be excessive, but having been a YCs follower since the scant, quarter-scrounging days of ASU, I adore the value and creativity behind the Mongolian grilling concept. I can have whatever I want, from full-on carnivorous bowl of spice to veggie-fied curry heaven. Noodles or rice, soup or wontons . . . all of the above--no restrictions. Just grab the gleaming, white bowl in the size you select, pay the charming server up front (remember to add in a dollar or two to tip the cooks) and off you go down the buffet line. Frozen meat is an oddity at first. Remember that it shrinks when cooked; so, put double what you expect to see on the other end. The wheat noodles, in their swirly curly happiness, expand; so, be sure not to go tower of Pisa on them. Here is my fave recipe for low-carb excess (like getting the colonel's fried chicken notes): turkey, sprouts, spinach, cabbage, carrot, zucchini, mushroom, tofu, scallion, broccoli . . . then ladles: two black bean, two orange, one Thai, three ginger, one garlic, one cooking wine, one sesame oil. I add a few jalapenos, sesame seeds and some cilantro to the mix before it hits the grill. The long wooden poles, surface-of-the-sun hot grill and dexterity will entrance you. The staff is attentive and focused on cleanliness. Top notch ratings in several publications, and I agree.
4	Newest location, same formula, ever growing prices.I have allays liked YC's, Where else can a get a tofu, veggie, noodle stir fry spiced as highly as I want, with a portion large enough to feed me for two meals.This new location is clean and efficient like their south Tempe location. The price of a large bowl is up to $9.10  and dogie bags are still $.50 a pop.Some items have vanished from the food line, like baby corn,  and water chess nuts, both of which are missed.If you are going for the first time, be sure to pile your food high and pack it in the bowl and to use alot of sauce, the will let you take a 2nd bowl just for sauce if you ask, and I recommend doing that.
4	Not as high calibur and fresh/diverse as Ghengis Grill.Lunch specials is around 9.50 a bowl per person.Includes drink and soup and wonton crisps.Meats are usually frozen and rolled up so get a tissue paper to stuff it into your bowl.Press!chicken, pork, beef. choose.I usually get pork.choose your veggies such as mushroom, zuchini squash, bean sprouts, tofu, etc.Throw some rice noodles into your bowl.Add sauce. Add at least 5 to 6 scoops or you won't even taste it.cooking oil, sesame oil, lots of spicy thai, chili oil -- thats the way I like my food.Hand it over to the Grill guy and wait.Get your finished food, grab a drink, utensils, soup, and go seat yourself and eat.There are no servers so that saves quite a bit on tips
4	If I could give YC's 3 1/2 stars, that would be what I would rate them. I am torn on them being just ok or me being a fan. On one hand, they are a great value because you get alot for what you pay. The small bowl is a ton of food since you put as much meat, noodles, and veggies in it as you want (a tip, keep adding and smashing it down cause it does shrink when they cook it up). The food taste good most of the time if you order the right sauce. They have so many different kinds of sauces that you can concoct, however, I feel like most taste the same. There are really two flavors: good and not so good. The not so good are the ones that are supposed to have a sweet and sour flavor and the good ones have more of a teriyaki flavor. You can get as much rice, fried wontons, and soup as you want. So your meal plus all this for about 8.00 and you can get a box for an extra 25 cents I believe. With all the food you get, its more than enough to last you for 2 meals. This is a decent place if you like good value and ok food.
3	I do like a mongolian BBQ, but I have to say that this one is just average.  Although they have a selection of meat that's so-so, they don't back it up with many additional items.Their spice selections are standard, and they have recipes for sauces on a board WAY high in the air (I missed it until someone pointed me in the right direction) but the grillers cook your food in a way that kind of creates a flavoring that is a melange of the other things cooking.Filling, satisfying, but not all that remarkable.
5	I freakin love this place. My favorite thing is to sit and eat facing the counter and watch new people come in and get all confused. Now that's just funny. My first time I was the same way, like what the hell do I do here. Now I'm a pro. Stack it deep and use another bowl for smashing, Soba noodles piled so high it looks like a circus act getting the bowl to the cook. Mmmm....good.
5	YC'S is just wonderful. I have been going here for years & was so excited when they opened the Germann location! I recommend creating your own sauce & adding lots of their yummy tofu. Also- be sure to pile your noodles on very high!
4	The bestie LOVES this place. The Husband LOVES this place. Needless to say, I spend a lot of time at YCs. Good fresh food, with nutritional information online so there are no surprises if you plan ahead -- great lunch place!
3	I like this place because the service is great - they have always had friendly, helpful, and accommodating employees (always ready to teach you about how it works and help you with everything, even mixing your own sauce blends) AND I like that I can eat as many vegetables as I want (I love stir-fried/sauted vegetables!);  The prices are good, considering what you get (I skip the soup and rice, even though it's included.. and I don't drink anything but water, so that kinda is a waste for me).  Note that although I opt for hormone free chicken and beef when I grocery shop and go out to eat (when available), I understand that this place may not have the highest quality protein ingredients.. but in the world of carb-centric burgers, sandwiches, and even salads, I like that I can go here and get a ton of vegetables and some chicken (likely Tie-son brand and pumped-up.. yes, i'm spelling it wrong on purpose) or (farm raised) fish if I'm in a crunch for time and just need something non-carb-centric with lean proteins...ergo the 3/5 stars.
3	I've done Mongolian several times.  I like it.  I'd heard about this place, and the reviews here seem to be good, so let's give it a try!We were greeted very enthusiastically by a young man I assume (based on observations through the evening) was the manager.They have two sizes of bowls.  The large is only $1 more.  And they have an option for unlimited refills for another dollar above that.  All prices include drinks and frozen yogurt (and rice and soup).The actual ingredient table was nothing special.  Limited spices, smaller selection of veggies.  A few sauces, though they include recipes for mixing several more.  One of their people was very helpful at the sauce table, mixing what we wanted.  Though they didn't have (or I didn't see) some standard sauces like szechuan.  And the names of the spices really didn't tell me much about them (except "cumin", of course...and "lemon pepper").  So it was sort of a guessing game what I was getting.They encourage you to pack your bowl, and even have tissues to aid in doing so (and keep your hands clean).    The staff is friendly. The sauce was not very strong, even though I chose "spicy Hunan".  The flavor was really pretty mild.  And the noodles were either rice or wheat.  Really?  What about soba?To compare and contrast, Genghis Grill has a larger selection of spices, sauces (though no recipes to mix variations), and seemed more flavorful.  But the quantity at YC's is definitely a LOT more.  Even packing the same amount, their large bowl is much larger.  I will probably try them again to see if a different selection of spices and sauces will improve the flavor.  Next time I'll do rice noodles, too.  I may update my rating when I try again.
5	This place is great. There are enough reviews on here that go over the concept and the process of making a good Mongolian bowl. Best advice 1. Pack your bowl with your fist  2. Use at least 5 scoops of sauce  3. Don't forget that there is rice, soup and ice cream still waiting for you after you get your bowl cooked.
5	Not only do we love this place but all of our five kids do as well! fresh, hot and yummy Mongolian food cooked in front of you in minutes and I can say not only is the food great but the price for a family of seven is great!   Kids are charged by their age so for less then a happy meal the kids get chicken/beef or fish and noodles, soup and frozen yogurt with a drink. Lots of food for a great price
4	Come with an appetite! Make your own stir fry with a lot of veggie and meat options. Plus soup, rice, chips, and frozen yogurt (dinner). My stirfry concoctions strangely end up tasting the same though. Possibly the super thin meat shavings end up kinda bland. But great joint. Crave it from time to time...like now.
2	I prefer Ghengis Grill.  YC's menu was confusing.  Staff is plenty helpful, but I just did not enjoy the restaurant.
4	Good selection,  but just have the yogurt part of the meal price.Smaller than other Mongolian restaurants we've been too.
4	First time here and I was pretty impressed! I really liked the "salad bar" set up so youcan have as much of whatever your taste buds desire. Then it's cooked immediately which keeps the flavors fresh and hot! I wasn't blown away by the finished product, but the portions and preparation alone was well worth the money. But wait... There's more!! Your drink is included along with bottomless soup, wonton chips, and ice cream!! I had to take away a star for their limited locations, but overall a great lunch experience for the price.
5	YC's is one of my favorite lunch places! It's very filling, delicious, and I enjoy their selections for your bowl. This location is always clean and the staff is friendly.
3	If my review was strictly based on my food this would be a five star review. I always get beef with a ton of veggies, Thai peanut chile sauce, and cilantro and peanuts. Delicious, good quality, I've never had an issue.Now the problems:  the service is hit or miss. Sometimes the girls are awesome and other times not so helpful (different workers, never see the same person twice?). My daughter's dish is always inconsistent. She gets chicken, lots of broccoli and spinach, and a recipe for YCs special sauce. Two times her chicken stayed frozen (I tasted it, and it was cold). Once she kept complaing hers tasted weird and off, so I tasted and smelled it, and realized the chicken was rotten. I had her throw it out. She was disappointed and hungry.I really wish I could rate them better, but they have some quality control issues.
2	Taste was bland!  you are better off going to Genghis Grill instead.  YC's only has 3 meat choices and no seafood!  It was fresh, but flavorless.  You had to get the noodles in your bowl too so you get less here than you do at Genghis Grill.
5	Highly recommend ...  Great selection of choices.   Brown rice and rice noodles for those with gluten issues and lots of choices for those who don't - udon, whole wheat noodles, and seafood options which are not normally seen at Mongolian BBQ.  Will be back.
5	Good food, and great service! Lia was very helpful and informative. Made my first time here very enjoyable!
5	Yummy with fantastic service. Ryan was of great help during our first visit. Thanks!!
4	Since this is my son's favorite restaurant, I find myself here a lot.  Lots of meats and veggies to choose from.  I also like that they have bowls to mix up your tasty sauce for your creation.
4	This YCs is located a few doors down from the Gilbert Harkins theater on Germann and Gilbert Rd.The concept for this restaurant is you put what you want in your bowl, and they will cook it up for you.  They do have several recipes posted on a board by the grill if you want to make curry or teriyaki or what not.  I follow the recipes losely personally, and I think you should have some fun with it too.  I like extra curry sauce in my spicy curry.  Also, it is ok to fill your bowl until it is practically over flowing.  Get your moneys worth!  Also, don't forget the noodles at the end.The rice is hiding over near the soda machine if you want to add some to your dish after it is cooked.  They also have a soft serve ice cream machine for your kiddies for dessert.Restaurant is clean and so are the restrooms.  Staff was friendly and the shop was moderately busy, but not crazy busy when we visited on a Saturday afternoon.
4	I do love this place, and the only reason i give it 4 out of 5 stars is that they keep raising the price! If you pay .50 for a to go box and make a huge meal then it's worth the money since you get 2 meals out of it then. However, most times I go there for lunch during work and I don't have a way to save leftovers so I pay a little more than I would like for just a weekday lunch. I started only going there when I know I can take leftovers with me.I do love the fact they have so many veggies and tofu! As a vegetarian this is one of my go to places. The tofu is not super firm and rubbery like at Pei Wei. I like being able to create my own meal and it's always super fresh tasting.The employees there are super nice too. They remember you and have always been hard working.
4	I love this place, I come here quite often for lunch or dinner.  Only dislike is having to pay. 50 cents for a Togo box...? I mean it's only. 50 cents but still just include it in your pricing don't make me have to dish out some coins which I never carry.
5	= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH & DINNER BUFFET!  = = = = =Tried this lovely YC's location for the first time today and it was just as expected after having recently dined at three of their four other locations.  This privately held little Valley chain just has everything right.  The restaurant floor plans vary but they're all comfortable, modern dining rooms hosted by cheerful, friendly staffers serving up some serious Buffet!     :-))For this visit I started filling the provided bowl with some rolls of sliced beef, white chicken and pork, followed by a sprinkles of Cajon spice blend and also of "Bangkok."  Then I piled in & squished down some of most of the many veggies along the serving line, and lastly added plenty of wheat noodles.Over at the Mongolian Grill area there are 16 recipes on the overhead sauce menu sign, but each day they also offer a couple of specials on little marker boards above the recipe ingredient tubs.  I deceded to go with the special "Spicy Panang Curry" sauce, for which the recipe had me grab a bowl there and pour in 4 ladles of Panang Curry base, 1 ladle of Garlic Water, 1 of white wine and a squirt of Sesame Oil from a bottle.At the grill counter I added some whole peanuts  The chef quickly fried everything up, I sprinkled some fresh, whole Cilantro leaves and Sesame Seeds on top and it all came out tasting TERRIFIC!  I'm posting a photo, but it doesn't do justice to the amount of food sitting there in this feast.  It was LOTS, just leaving me just enough room for a cup of help-yourself Spicy Beef Soup, my favorite of theirs, to which I added some brown rice.As a big eater I go for the Large Bowl ($9.93*).  You may opt for unlimited go-backs for a little more money, but there's no need to do that here if you pack your bowl down well as you're loading it up, with the kitchen paper provided.  Non-gluttons will do fine with a small bowl, well packed.  YUM!!     :-))*  Help-yourself beverages are included and posted prices include sales tax.
5	This place is soooo delicious!!! And fun because you get to put together your own bowl. Fill it up as high as you can but don't let it overflow because they will only cook what is on the bowl. Service is amazing at this location, especially Alex-he's awesome!! Very helpful and friendly :) I highly recommend this place, you really get your money's worth!!!
3	We decided to stop by here for dinner as I'm a fan of this kind of food & being able to control what you put together is nice.This place seemed clean & the food line was somewhat maintained. The meat & veggies were full, but some of the sauces didn't have any anything in the containers. Also, I found it was really odd that someone had accidentally put the sesame oil bottle in one of the sauces & the person who worked there pulled the bottle out and left both the sauce in the container and left the bottle with the sauce all over the bottle. I'm not sure why they both weren't removed.As for the food itself, it wasn't bad. The price of the meal includes one bowl in line, unlimited soup & rice, a drink, & ice-cream. I only tried the chicken wonton soup which wasn't bad ... Nothing special & it was cold as it was just sitting there. The bowl was good but considering that I didn't get much of the other things, it seemed pretty high in price. Also, I think it doesn't make much sense to charge extra for a to-go box. I've paid for my meal, why not give me a box since I only went through the line once?Overall, not a bad experience, just not anything that would compel me to return any time soon.
5	Great food, manager on duty was excellent. Place was clean and it was a nice atmosphere.  This is one of our favorite places to go. Definitely recommend.
5	This place is awesome! Went here last evening with my wife to have some time to ourselves. I have only heard about this place from those that have been and how good the food is, so it was worth the trip. You go in and pay and then you get a bowl to add everything in that you want to be cooked up on a very large heated surface. Meat includes, chicken, beef and fish and tons of veggies. The key to filling up your bowl is to keep pressing everything down into your bowl so you can get as much food as possible. Once you have everything compressed, you top it off with as much noodles as you can (three types) and add the sauce that you like to try. There is a board up on the wall that shows you how to mix the sauces to get what you want. The food is cooked and placed into a bowl for you. Also included in the price is rice, soup, frozen yogurt and drinks. All for just around $10.00. The food is fresh, and no added fillers. Worth coming to. I'm hooked!
4	I have been here for lunch and dinner with the family.  It's very reasonable, considering all the food that you get.  It usually runs a little over 30.00 for the 4 of us, and includes the stir fry, all you can eat soup and rice, fountain drinks or tea and the dinner menu includes ice cream for dessert.  I love that each of us can create our own bowl and include the meats and veggies that we each like.  It is great for our picky kids.
5	I eat here all the time. If you want fresh, healthy food...this is the place. It's always clean. It's fun stacking your bowl high and watching them cook it in front of you. Here's a tip to maximize your bowl space - after you smash the meat slide it up on the side of the bowl so your veggies don't fall off. Also, mix your sauce in a separate bowl. Last thing, you can ask the chef to cook your food longer on the grill or not add so much water or whatever your preference is to really customize your meal.
5	Very generous, good value and staff super nice. USe the sauce bowls an get creative. Spicy Thai was delicious :)
4	Solid four stars.  Great service, great food, a lot of food, quickly for a great price.  Environment wasn't as nice as the Wok Box, but man, the food was sooooo much better.  We'll be back!
5	A clean, efficiently run Mongolian Grill?The standard assortment of meats, veggies, and noodles, with fresh and plentiful selections.  A massive selection of sauces, including recommended mixes to get typical flavors?  Good to decent pricing (appreciate that it comes with a beverage, but I can see how that might rub others the wrong way).All in all a very enjoyable experience, I'll absolutely be back!
