4	Everything about Hotel Missoni is newly stylish, immaculately finished, and trimmed with an edge of slightly eccentric fun, including Cucina, the Italian restaurant that makes up part of the hotel.This is definitely a classy Italian dining experience, where you're served by smooth Missoni clad waiters, who are the kind of waiters that seem to glide along quietly doing their thing, not interfering too much with your meal, but making sure that everything is attended to nonetheless.I had freshly made penne pasta with a pork ragu sauce, which was fantastic and full of flavour, followed by a good old glass vessel of Tiramisu, very much on the coffee tasting side of things, rather than the sweeter edge served up in some restaurants, and really, really good. This restaurant gets a no hesitation recommendation from me, although strangely for a Thursday night, normally a fairly busy evening in town, the restaurant seemed pretty quiet. Probably just a one off, because town didn't really seem that busy anyway on that particular evening, and sometimes it's better to have a bit of peace and quiet while you have some quality pasta and parmesan time.
4	I am a fan, but only for a particular time and a particular occasion. Cucina is housed within Hotel Missoni. Its sleek, trendy, very central and very much a ladies-who-lunch, business meeting type place. Nice to clink a few glasses of bubbly in the evening too I imagine.As I do before all pre-arranged lunch or dinners, I went onto their website prior to scout out what I could have. I know this isn't actually part of the restaurant but lordy the website is frustrating! It's all moving images, flashing colours, music, and it took me about 10 clicks to find the menu (I did eventually find it).This level of trendy, sophisticated show-offy-ness does continue into the restaurant. The staff were all very friendly, and it had a quiet, nice buzz but it did feel very...showy. In particular when a very small waitress came out carrying a HUGE tray with our two small starter plates on it, with a much larger male waiter beside her took them off the tray and onto the table. Quite a lot of pomp and ceremony for soup and salad. But, as I said, they were friendly and seemed genuinely warm so whilst it was pompy it was pretentious.The decor is also a bit...well it's not me. But hey, each to their own.The reason for my four stars is the food was really damned good. I ordered the duck and orange salad to start, and chicken for main. But when the duck salad arrived and I realised how big it was I cancelled my main - and there was no fuss. The duck was so tender, although it MAY have been confit de canard which would explain why. But there was a lot of it. The orange sauce was lightly sweet but not overpowering. The little orange flesh dotted throughout the most delicious orange I've tasted out of season. And, like I said, it was a very generous portion.I also tasted my dining companions baked hake with lentils. I didn't order this as I don't do lentils, but the hake was dreamy. So soft it, for want of a better and not overly-used description, melted like butter in my mouth. Had we been more intimate acquaintances I would have picked away at the plate more but felt it rude to eat half his main.The coffee was VERY strong and small, so quite authenticly Italian then. It came with two sugar-covered gelatine sweets, I can't remember the name, but like very posh fruit pastilles. They were gooey-ish, turkish-delightish and a very nice touch.This was definitely a 'foodie' experience. The rest of the place isn't my scene, but if I were to do a business lunch or office night out, or a celebration of sorts for a group of people I'd definitely consider it. I could happily eat all of that duck and orange salad again.
4	we stayed at the hotel and arrived late so decided to eat at the restaurant.  the homemade pasta, esp the tagliatelle bolognese, is outstanding.  al dente, good flavor, a very tasty basic pasta dish.  the other food was solid too.  whenever i see liver (not foie gras) on the menu, i order it.  they served it in cubes instead of whole slab of liver-shape.  i was afraid it would be overcooked since it was smaller pieces but it was very good.  lemon sole, roast chicken, all solid.  we liked the tagliatelle so much, we went back the next night too.  first night the bread basket was warm and fresh.  2nd night, the bread was dry and old.  oh well.  both nights, our pastas came out immediately then there was a very long lull before our main dishes came out.  seemed like a common theme with other diners too.  staff is very friendly tho.  restaurant is kinda noisy due to the oh-so-hip bar downstairs.
3	Rather underwhelming. The food doesn't match the quality of the uber-chic surroundings. We summed it up: "Cucina at Missoni delivers stylish dishes, but not the quality to match the elegance. The menu has some good ideas and some dishes that sound enticing, but suffers in terms of execution. There are many better Italian restaurants in Edinburgh, so we won't be rushing back there, any time soon."
5	Okay, I'm not a big fan of Missoni or Rosita Missono.I think that the dining room looks like a television test pattern ran amok.  This emperor's-new-clothes fusion of patterns is a lot of hipster lite claptrap. The food, though, is top-drawer Italian, made and served by the paisani.  They made a beautiful Risotto Milanese and a potato-parmesan stuffed ravioli with a black truffle butter sauce that were foundational elegance della Cucina Italiana.  Bring sunglasses and enjoy the food. The hipsters will just think you're famous.  Reservations are best, or the host will ask you how fast you can mangia before he fills the table again.
4	Food: We ordered three starters (the octopus, the caprese and the zucchini) along with three entrees (the lasagna, the lamb and the ribeye steak).  Everything was delicious especially the lasagne.  For dessert we shared ice cream.Drinks: We ordered one bottle of red wine. Price: 105.25 GBP for three people. Ambiance: The restaurant is very nice and wasn't very crowded. Service: It was fine and our waitress was friendly. Would I go back?  Yes, it's good food and convenient if you're staying in the hotel.
